
                      Chapter 8: Our Unconventional Wives

When we got back to our room the message light was blinking. I called down to
the desk.

"Don called", was the message. "Please call him in room 302."

"Guess who called?" I said to Linda.

"I give up. Who?"

"Don. He says to call him in room 302."

"Well, why don't you call him and see what he wants. I hope he hasn't changed
his mind about wanting to see me again," Linda said.

"I'm sure that not's the reason. He probably just wants to make a date. You
should call him though. It's not me he's interested in."

"I guess you're right. But I feel kind of strange calling him like that."

"Well, you call him. If things get awkward I'll talk to him then, OK?"

"OK."

Linda's hands were shaking when she dialed the phone. Don must have been right
by the phone waiting because in just a few seconds Linda said "Hi Don. It's
Linda. You called."

I'm not sure what Don may have said to her but almost instantly Linda's cheeks
turned bright crimson. She also had a sudden shortness of breath. "Don, you're
awful! I think you'd better talk to my husband. He can set things up." With
that she handed me the phone.

"Don, hi, this is Bill. What's up?"

There was a brief pause as Don seemed to stumble for words. "Gee, Bill, I'm not
sure about this. I've never talked with a woman's husband about setting up a
date with her."

"Understand that, Don. I haven't done this much either. But don't worry. I am
as excited about her meeting you again as you are. She told me all about what
happened yesterday and to be honest, I can't wait for you to fuck her again." I
was rather surprised at myself for being so direct with the guy but was also
very turned on just talking with him about her.

"Will she have any time that I can see her again? The convention is over
tonight and I will be leaving town first thing in the morning."

"Yes, in fact we have been planning to go to dinner and then for her to spend
the evening with you, if that's alright." Again I was surprised at myself as I
offered this near-stranger an evening with my wife.

"That would be great!" Don responded. "What time should we meet and where?"

"How about 9:00 in the same hospitality suite where we met yesterday? Oh, and
do you have a friend that might be interested in joining you? Linda has met a
pretty sexy friend who also would like to play this evening."

"Wow! Yes, I sure do," Don replied. "In fact my partner is mad at me because I
got lucky with Linda and he hasn't had any luck here at the convention. I know
he'll jump at the chance."

"Great! Bring him with you to the hospitality suite. By the way, since we
probably won't be able to talk later, be a little gentle with her. She has been
fucked a lot in the last couple of days. I think the equipment might be getting
a little tender, if you know what I mean."

"You mean you two have done it that often. I'm impressed."

"No, Don. In fact I've only done it once with her so far."

"No shit! You mean she has fucked other men besides me. That's incredible. I
don't understand exactly where the two of you are coming from but you have my
word that I'll be gentle."

"Good, then we'll see you at 9:00."

"It's a date," Don said as he hung up.

"Well, it's all set. I assume you heard the details," I said to Linda.

"Yes, I sure did. You made sound like a real slut the way you talked about my
fucking though," she added with a pout. Then she broke into a big grin. "But I
guess a slut is as a slut does. And when a married women has a date to fuck
another man I guess that's kinda slutty, wouldn't you say."

"Well, I sure love having a slutty wife. By the way, what did he say to you
when you first called him? I noticed that he made you blush."

"He said something about wanting to enjoy my hot pussy again and this time he
wanted to eat me as well as fuck me. I don't think another man has ever talked
to me like that before."

"Hmmm, I have an idea. How would you like to greet Don with a shaved cunt? I'll
bet that would really ring his bell...especially if you didn't wear any panties
and maybe gave him a little show as a warm up."

"Ooohh! That sounds intriguing. But how are we going to do it? I don't have a
razor with me."

"Don't worry. I have mine. I even have a fresh blade so it won't be so likely
to scratch or cut."

With that I went over to the phone and began dialing.

"What are you doing?" Linda asked.

"I'm calling John and Janet to let them know about the arrangements and to tell
them of our little surprise for Don."

"Good idea," Linda replied. "Maybe Janet will want to do the same."

"I hope so," I replied as I heard the phone ringing at the other end. "I would
love to eat both of your cunts after they've been shaved."

"Hello John. This is Bill. It's all set for tonight..that is if you and Janet
are still interested."

"Great, Bill. What's the plan?" John asked. "Janet and I were just talking
about it and we are both very much interested. We're both quite surprised about
this turn of events but we both want to carry it further."

"Terrific, John. Don had left a message for us while we were out. He is
definitely hot to trot..again. The gals have a date to meet him and his partner
in their hospitality suite at 9:00. Oh, Linda and I have come up with a little
surprise for Don that might interest the two of you as well. We're going to
shave Linda's pussy. In fact we're going to do it right now before we meet you
for dinner. Do you think Janet would be interested in doing it too?"

"That sounds like a marvelous idea. Let me talk to Janet about it," John
replied.

"Go ahead and let us know. We'll talk to you in a few minutes after you've had
a chance to think about it. OK?"

"Fine. Call you back in a few," John replied and we hung up.

"I take it they are still interested in going along," Linda said.

"For sure! And they are talking about shaving Janet too. John will call us back
as soon as they have decided."

"I'm going to take a shower. Something about this afternoon's activities has
made me feel kind of grubby," Linda said with a giggle. "I feel like I'm
covered with cum from head to toe and I must reek of sex," she concluded as she
began to undress and prepare for her shower.

Just as I heard the shower come on the phone rang. It was John.

"Bill, Janet likes the idea of shaving but we have a problem. Neither of us has
anything along except an electric razor. I don't think that would work very
well."

"Probably wouldn't, John, but don't worry. I brought a safety razor, some extra
blades and a full can of shaving creme. Why don't the two of you come down here
to do it. Then you can shave Linda and I'll shave Janet."

This idea was getting more interesting all the time as I thought about getting
another nice up-close look at Janet's hot pussy. I also loved the thought of
watching John shave Linda.

It was agreed that John and Janet would come up to our room at 6:30. This would
give the gals time to complete all of their preparations for the evening except
the shaving.

As Linda continued her getting ready for her "date" I made preparations for the
shaving party. I got out my shaving supplies and spread two towels on the bed
where Linda and Janet could sit while John and I disposed of their pubic hair.
The anticipation of our little game was making me very excited. After all I had
never eaten, fucked or even fondled a shaved pussy before although I had seen a
few at various adult entertainment places many years ago.

As Linda got her new outfit ready the phone rang. It was John calling to say
that they were on their way down. My heart skipped a few beats as I anticipated
the fun John and I were about to have as we carried out our tonsorial duties.

Knowing that any clothes that she had on might get soiled and be in the way
while she was being shaved, Linda decided to remain completely nude until John
was done with her. I concurred in that decision relishing the thought of John
seeing my wife completely nude. I hoped that Janet would be of like mind and
remove whatever she was wearing when she got into our room.

Linda agreed to answer the door when John knocked. She was a little timid about
it but after checking the peephole she opened the door as she stood behind it.
Then as they entered she stepped out and said "Surprise!"

"Surprise yourself!" Janet responded as she flung open the raincoat that she
was wearing. She also was nude except for a pair of shoes. The sight of her
completely nude body took my breath away.

"Janet, you are stunning. John sure is a lucky guy to have a sexy babe like you
as a wife. It appears that you are really getting into this new lifestyle.
Right?" I asked.

"I sure am," Janet replied. "I had no idea how sexy it could make a woman feel
to know that other men find her exciting."

"Yes, it was quite a surprise to me too," Linda added. "I had pretty
conventional ideas about what wives were supposed to do..and about what
husbands liked and didn't like. I still have a guilt attack when I feel a
strange cock slipping into me and I get that rush that comes with fucking
someone for the first time. I find myself thinking that Bill would be furious
if he knew."

"Enough philosophizing," John interrupted. "Let's get down to business. Which
of you wants to be first?"

Janet decided to let Linda and John go first so Linda laid down on one of the
towels and spread her thighs to give John access to her pussy.

John seemed transfixed for a minute as he stared at Linda's cunt. "Linda, you
have an exquisitely sexy pussy. I hope you don't mind my saying so, but it's
one of the most delicious that I have seen."

Linda didn't say anything but I noticed that as she lay there so fully exposed
her pussy lips became swollen and turned a bright crimson. I could also see
that her inner lips were beginning to glisten. John now had a very aroused
female on his hands. He gently ran his finger up and down the length of her
slit and she moaned softly.

"Don't tease me, John," Linda begged.

"OK, babe," John replied. He then took a hot wet washcloth that I handed to him
and placed that on Linda's pussy. The moisture would soften her pussy hair
making it easier to cut. Since her hair was so soft and there was so little of
it I knew that it would come off easily although I had not yet had the pleasure
of trying this myself.

Thinking ahead to my turn with Janet I realized that her brunette bush was much
thicker than Linda's and it wouldn't come off as easily. I decided to help
moisturize it using natural fluids.

"Janet, why don't you get up here on the bed too. Then I can start to get you
ready for your shave."

Janet obliged by lying on her towel and also spreading her thighs giving me
easy access to her treasure. Like John, I spent a minute or so studying it and
enjoying it as an extremely erotic work of art. Then I moved between her thighs
and began to eat her.

Janet had closed her eyes and was not expecting my touch. When my tongue gently
brushed the outer edge of her slit she jumped. "OH! What are you doing? I
thought I was going to get a shave," she said.

"I'm working on it," I replied.

"Strange way of going about it," she countered. "I hope you don't plan on
biting it off."

"Well, the wetter your beaver, the easier it will come off. Do you object?"

"No, silly boy. No woman would ever object to being eaten," Janet answered.
"But now that you've started you better finish."

I began in earnest the delicious task of eating Janet's cunt. At the same time
I was trying to keep an eye on John's progress with Linda. It wasn't easy but
every few seconds I moved up so that I could see what he was doing. I could see
that Linda's pussy was entirely covered with shaving creme and John was
beginning his delicate task. He worked somewhat timidly at first. He was not
accustomed to using a safety razor and I was concerned that he might cut Linda
in a very sensitive place. That could significantly reduce her enjoyment of the
rest of the evening. Fortunately he caught on quickly and the area above her
gash was soon bald. Then he moved to the more difficult areas around her lips.
Linda must have found his strokes erotic because she was soon moaning softly.
It was both amusing and erotic to listen to two women respond to the attention
that was being paid to their pussies.

As I continued my tongue massage on Janet's cunt, she began to push herself
into my face and moaned more and more loudly. Realizing that she was building
to an orgasm I gently sucked her clit into my mouth and massaged it with my
teeth as I worked a finger into her vagina. Then as the momentum continued I
moved back and began to deeply finger fuck her while I rubbed her clit. She
went over the top quite quickly. As she did I felt a fresh wash of fluid flow
over her lips. I used my tongue to spread it around her bush. Her pussy and my
beard were both now fully moistened by the most delicious liquid I know of:
pussy juice.

"Oh, Bill, that was marvelous. Thank you!"

By this time John had finished his work with Linda. The erotic effect hadn't
been enough to make her cum and Linda was jealous of Janet.

"John, you better get busy. Janet is one ahead of me."

"OK, Linda. Don't fear. Ol' John hasn't ever disappointed a woman with his
tongue." John then wiped the remainder of the shaving creme from her pussy.
With the hair gone from her swollen pink lips, Linda's slit became very
pronounced. John wasted no time in placing his tongue deep into her inviting
target. Linda immediately began to moan and pump her pussy back into John's
face. I knew it wouldn't take him long to ring her bell.

"Bill, get back to work," Janet admonished me. Using a scissors I quickly
trimmed the heaviest part of Janet's bush. Then I applied a generous amount of
shaving creme covering the remainder of her dark stubble. Her beaver extended
much further in every direction than Linda's so I knew that I had my work cut
out for me. I decided to do the tricky parts first and began by shaving her
lips. Then I moved up and worked on her mons. The special moisturizing that
preceded the shave must have helped a lot because the job went much more
quickly and easily than I had anticipated. In just a couple of minutes I was
wiping the excess creme from Janet's now bald twat. It was interesting to note
that in their "natural" state Linda's and Janet's pussies looked even more
different than they did with hair. It was further proof of my theory that you
haven't seen 'em all until you've seen 'em all.

"John, your wife has a very sexy slit, don't you agree?"

"Ummhmm," John mumbled as he continued eating Linda. Then he looked up and
suddenly he became much more excited. "Wow, would you look at that. Janet, I
love it. Your pussy is VERY sexy. You have to promise to keep it that way from
now on."

I wasted no more time in getting my first taste of hairless cunt. The sensation
was fantastic. The flesh around Janet's pussy now seemed as soft and sensitive
as the flesh that lie within. In just a few seconds Janet's moans matched
Linda's as the two women began their quests for the big O. Linda arrived first
by a few seconds and before she calmed down Janet joined her. I was sure that
our neighbors in the next rooms knew what was going on. Both women were
particularly vocal as they came.

"Wow, look at the time," I blurted. "It's nearly 7:30. We better get going if
we want to have dinner before you gals meet Don and his friend."

Janet put her raincoat back on and she and John headed back to their room to
dress. As they went out the door I laughed to myself thinking that now beneath
her coat this woman was truly bare. She didn't even have a beaver to cover her
private parts.

Since it was after 8:00 by the time we were all ready to go, we decided to just
have a sandwich in the hotel coffee shop. Needless to say we got a few warm
stares as we entered and even as we were eating because our wives' breasts were
quite visible. The waiter and bus boys couldn't give us enough attention. If we
had more time I suspect that we could have had some real fun with a couple of
the guys that our wives found "cute" but this wasn't really the place to try
that.

"Well, ladies, it's 9:00. You shouldn't keep the boys waiting. Are you ready to
go?" John asked. Suddenly we all got the jitters. The fun was about to start.
For John and Janet this was the first time that they had embarked on this
adventure knowing in advance what was going to happen. Even for Linda and me in
our more experienced condition, it was an exciting moment. I could sense the
sexual tension building. I was getting hard and I was sure that the gals were
getting wet.

Fortunately we were alone as we went up the elevator to the 8th floor. "John,
do you think Janet is wet and ready," I asked. I reached under Linda's skirt
and ran my fingers down her newly shaved slit. "Linda is sure ready, aren't you
sweetheart?"

"I sure am," she replied in a rather shaky voice.

John followed my lead and checked Janet's slit as well. "Yep, she's ready too,
Bill..wet and HOT!"

"You can say that again," Janet replied.

"Are you sure, Janet?" I asked. "Maybe I should check to be certain." Then I
lifted her skirt and ran my finger down her slit and quickly forced my finger
deep into her cunt.

"OH! You bastard!" Janet exclaimed. I just grinned as I removed the offending
finger and held it to my mouth as I licked it off.

"You taste ready," I assured her. I hadn't noticed but by this time John had
his fingers deep into Linda's cunt and they were kissing deeply as she rubbed
his very erect cock through his pants. If we had to go another couple of floors
they probably would have been fucking. Janet noticed too but only seemed to get
more excited as she followed Linda's lead and grabbed a handful of my cock.

Just then the door opened. Everyone quickly removed their hands from the
private places and the women straightened their skirts. Two men walked past as
the doors were opening. We had no idea how much they saw. The gals didn't seem
to care so John and I didn't care either.

The hospitality suite was just a couple of doors from the elevator so in just a
few seconds we found ourselves walking into a room full of men. Since we hadn't
discussed whether John and I should go in with the gals, we just all went in
together. Instantly all conversation stopped as the men turned to admire the
two braless babes that had just invaded their turf. Don was standing right by
the door waiting and he met us as we walked in.

"Well, hello again," he said to Linda. "Wow, you sure look stunning tonight!"

"Thank you, Don," Linda replied. "I'd like for you to meet my friend Janet."

Don's partner was there with him. He was dumbfounded when he saw the gals. He
kept trying to speak but couldn't get his jaw far enough off the floor to get
the words out. "Ah, ah, ah, I..I..I'm Jack" he finally blurted out.

I decided to add to his astonishment by introducing myself. "Hi, I'm Linda's
husband Bill and this is Janet's husband John."

"Husband? What...Don...I thought..." Jack's face fell as he looked at Don for
some explanation. "I mean I thought we were going to... My mistake I guess,
sorry. But, hey, come on in and have a drink."

We all moved toward the bar where we were quickly served our choice of drinks.
Then John and I guided the group into a connected but unoccupied room.

"Jack, I understand your confusion," I began. Your assumptions were correct,
however. Linda and Janet are here to have a good time. John and I want them to
do just that. We only ask that you don't do anything to hurt them or that
involves drugs. We hope also that you'll be discreet."

"Whaaat? You mean you don't mind if your wives get laid?" Jack was pretty blunt
about it.

"No, in fact we really enjoy it," John answered. "We particularly like to watch
when it happens, but we just enjoy sharing our wives. I know it's not very
conventional, but nonetheless it's true."

At this point I suggested that we all have a seat so that we could get
acquainted. I was careful to seat the gals so that they were facing Don and
Jack.

"I understand that Don told you about his adventure with Linda," I said to
Jack. "Well, Linda told me all about it too. In fact I was standing in this
very room watching when they left for Don's room and then when they returned.
Linda told all about how she gave Don a blowjob and then how he fucked her.
Earlier today John and I watched as two other guys fucked our wives. It's just
something we like to do sometimes."

"Yes, Don told me how he got lucky with some woman that he met here. He didn't
say that her husband was there or that he knew about it though. Wow, this is
unbelievable. By the way, how do the women feel about all of this? Is this
something they do just to please you two. If so I don't think I want to get
involved."

Linda took this comment as her cue to get into the conversation, but before she
spoke she conspicuously moved her legs apart so that the men had a view up her
skirt. As soon as she began to speak the men turned toward her and their
stunned look told us what they saw.

"I love the variety," Linda said. "I love sex and can cum a lot. It's almost
impossible for any one man to satisfy me. When I found out that my husband was
willing to let me play around I couldn't believe my good fortune. All I ask is
that the man be a gentleman and not arrogant or rough. Don was just great. I
had a great time with him."

Don seemed to love the compliment. "I had a great time too, Linda. You are some
sexy lady. You can share my mattress anytime. By the way I love your new
hairdo. I've never seen a shaved pussy before." Linda blushed slightly at his
remark.

Janet got into the act too. She also moved so that her pussy could be easily
seen. Again the men quickly noticed and they both began to drool. "John and I
haven't had all that much experience at this but we have talked about it for a
long time. We tried it this weekend for the first time after we met Bill and
Linda and learned from them all the fun they have been having. In fact my first
time being fucked by another man was just this afternoon. Now I don't think
anything could get me to stop. It's a rush like I couldn't imagine."

Janet then got up and walked over to Jack. "If you have any doubts about how I
feel about it, here, check my pussy," she said as she lifted her skirt. "I am
so hot and wet that I am dripping." Jack wasted no time in accepting the
invitation. His fingers quickly ran up and down the length of her slit and then
we could see his fingers disappear into her vagina.

"Ooohh, Jack! I want you to fuck me. I want your hard cock in there," Janet
begged. I looked over at John who was in shocked delight hearing his wife beg
another man to fuck her. She had just met him a few minutes ago and already he
was finger fucking her.

Linda also got up and moved over to Jack. "I am ready too, Jack." She turned
her back to him and bent over as she pulled up her shirt offering Jack great
rear access. In a flash Jack had his other hand in her pussy.

"Any other questions gentlemen?" I asked. "If not let's get out of here before
someone walks in on us."

"Great! I'm ready too," Jack said as he removed his hands from our wives'
pussies. When he stood up to leave his erection became obvious. Yes, Jack was
ready!

"How about if we leave first and meet the two of you at the elevator on the
third floor?" I suggested. "That way it won't be too obvious what's going on."

"Sounds good to me," Don answered. "Let's get going. I'm horny as hell."

We were able to leave the room via a door directly into the hall. This helped
us cover our tracks so that others in the hospitality suite weren't aware of
our departure. Some did see us as we walked past the door but no one said or
did anything. In another minute the four of us were in the elevator heading for
the third floor.

"Well, girls you did a great job. Are you both still excited about what's about
to happen?" I asked.

"Excited, hell! I'm like Don. I'm so horny I can't wait," Janet answered. "How
do you feel about sharing them, Linda? I mean both of us making both of them."

"Great idea!" Linda replied. "I hope they're both up to it."

"I think they'll have a lot more staying power than that. At least I hope so,"
John interjected. "I want you to come home with at least three loads of cum in
your pussy. In fact two from each of them would be perfect. I want that bare
pussy of yours to be one hot gooey mess."

"I'll do my best," Janet promised John.

We got off the elevator at the third floor and began the breathless wait for
our wive's dates. We didn't have to wait long. In less than two minutes the men
burst from the elevator. Their tongues were dragging on the floor and they were
both bearing obvious erections. Their tools looked more than adequate.

"Janet and I want to share you," Linda announced to them. "Are you two up to
that?"

"Sounds great!" was the unison reply.

"See you guys later," Janet said as they quickly headed off to Don's room.

"Well, John. I think Janet's really gotten into this. Are you still as excited
about it in reality as you were in fantasy?"

"Bill, I never imagined how great it could be. Yes, it's even better in
reality. Are you still enjoying it now after you've done it a few times?"

"Sure am!" I replied. "In fact it keeps getting better."

"I think its a good thing both of us are enjoying it because I don't think we
could get our wives to stop if we wanted to."

"You're right. Let's go down to the bar and have a drink. We have a few hours
to kill and believe me, time passes slowly when your wife is having a good time
and you're at home waiting to hear all the juicy details." With that John and I
got back on the elevator and headed to the hotel bar.

Over the next hour and a half John and I discussed in detail the experiences
that Linda and I had shared over the last few weeks since we had started this
new lifestyle. He also told me about the discussions that he and Janet had been
having about trying the same thing. We found that we both had read a lot of the
same letters and other accounts in men's magazines about couples who are into
wife- sharing. John even revealed that a couple, Bob and Jean, who were close
friends of theirs were into this and that he had secretly joined them on two
occasions. The three of them had enjoyed themselves immensely but somehow Janet
became suspicious and threatened to cut off John's dick if she ever caught him
playing around on her. That ended the threesome. This had all taken place a few
years ago and unfortunately they had since moved away so John and Janet
wouldn't be able to share their new interest with them.

"Bill, old friend, we seem to be two peas in a pod. I never thought I'd find
anyone who shared this interest as much as you do. In fact Janet practically
had me convinced that I was the only one in the world with this 'weird' idea.
Needless to say, I didn't dare to tell her about Bob and Jean. When I did hint
once that they might be into this it rekindled Janet's prior suspicions and set
off a fire-storm that wasn't over for several days. If you and Linda hadn't
come along to prove to Janet that other people do think this way and really
enjoy it, I'm not sure that we would have ever actually done it."

"Glad to help, John. I must admit that so far the rewards have been more than
adequate. Watching as Janet has blossomed into a cock loving slut like Linda
has been a real thrill for me too. It is almost as much fun watching her get
fucked as it is watching Linda. Besides I've gotten pretty up-close and
personal with her with the shaving and eating her pussy. There's just one thing
more I'd love to do before we head home tomorrow."

"You want to fuck her," John said as he read my mind.

"You got it. And I'd like to have you fuck Linda. After all we've already been
through together that seems like a natural conclusion to the weekend, doesn't
it?"

"Well, I sure like both ideas."

"Just one thing that worries me. Janet seemed quite adamant about your not
fucking other women. Do you think she'd go along with it?" I asked.

"Well, she didn't seem to get upset when I felt Linda up or when she saw me
eating her pussy. I also think she rather likes the idea of fucking you. You
did mention doing that earlier today as you may recall, and she agreed to it."

"True. I have an idea. How about if we ask our wives to swap rooms in the
morning before we check out. That way they won't be watching each other. That
may make it easier. Not quite such an "in-your- face" atmosphere. After all I
must admit I'm not sure how Linda would react if she saw me fucking another
woman. What do you think?"

"Sounds like a great idea. Now I think we should get back up to our rooms and
wait for our wives. I'm not sure how long those two guys can last before the
gals pump them dry."

It was just after midnight when I heard Linda at the door. As she came into the
room I was surprised at how composed and neat she looked. I had expected her to
look like the well-fucked woman that I knew she must be.

"Hi sweetheart. How'd it go? Did you have fun?" I said after we exchanged a
warm hug and kiss.

"It was fantastic!" was her reply.

"That's great. I must admit you look more like you spent the evening watching
TV than getting in on with two guys. How did you manage that? I sort of
expected to see you covered with cum and pretty crumpled looking."

"Well, I have plenty of cum..three loads in fact. But it all went in my pussy.
Now it's running down my legs in fact. My stockings must be a mess."

I pulled her over to the bed to sit her down. I wanted to begin eating her
right away.

"Let me get my clothes off first," she said. "That's how I kept them so neat
looking. Janet and I stripped as soon as we got into Don's room. That way we
knew our outfits wouldn't be a mess. We didn't have too much on to start
with..just a skirt and blouse really. The guys didn't seem to mind," she added
with a grin.

"I'll bet they didn't," I concurred. By now Linda had removed her skirt and
blouse and I again eased her back toward the bed. I could see the wet streaks
of cum that had run down the inside of her thighs from her pussy. She was
right. The tops of her hose were a gooey mess. The dripping was undoubtedly
greater because she had no pussy hair to slow the flow. As she laid back and
spread her thighs I could see that her slit was filled with glistening fluid.

"Did you fuck both of the guys?" I asked.

"I sure did. I even had them both in me at once. That is a lot of fun."

"That's great. Did Janet try that too?" I asked.

"She sure did. She loved it too. She couldn't believe how good it felt to be
getting so much attention."

"John will be so excited that he'll wet his pants when he hears about that."

"Do you really think that John is enjoying doing this? Janet is kinda worried
about that. She thinks that maybe now that it's really happening John may be
having second thoughts."

"Believe me, John loves it, but let's talk about that later. I see that I have
some cleaning up to do. Which one of them left two loads here?" I asked as I
knelt forward to begin eating Linda's dripping cunt.

"Jack. He was able to do both of us twice. Don only had enough for three and I
let Janet have his last load because I already had gotten two from him."

"Well, that's mighty generous of you," I said with a laugh. Then I began in
earnest the awesome task of cleaning three loads of cum from two different men
from my wife's pussy. It took nearly a half an hour before her cunt stopped
oozing more semen. During that time Linda came two more times. I have no idea
how many orgasms she's had today and I doubt that she's been able to keep track
either. I'm sure it's well over a dozen.

"John would like to fuck you before we leave tomorrow," I announced rather
matter-of-factly during one of my pauses for breath.

"Oh. That sounds like fun," Linda replied. She seemed to be nearly asleep by
this time. In fact after she came a second time I'm sure she fell sound asleep.
I finished cleaning her cunt and then gently moved her further onto the bed and
let her sleep. Somehow as she slept she took on a look of innocence that belied
her recent behavior.

It took awhile before I was able to get to sleep. I sat for more than an hour
in the dim light of the TV looking at her and thinking about the events of this
weekend. As she lay there she kicked the sheet off and turned over so that I
had a perfect view of her hairless slit framed between her slightly open
thighs.

"That has been one very busy pussy," I kept thinking to myself. Then I relived
in my memory each of the times I had witnessed her pussy being entered by
another man and I imagined the occasions with Don and Jack that I hadn't seen
in person.

John must have really been anxious to have his chance at Linda because he
called at 7:00 Sunday morning. Linda was still asleep and I hadn't gotten up
yet either.

"Hey Bill, have you talked to Linda about coming up here this morning?" he
asked without even saying good morning.

"Sure did John. I mentioned it to her last night and she thought it sounded
like fun. She's still asleep right now though. Did you mention it to Janet?"

"Yep. She's willing too. In fact she's already getting ready to come down
there. She just plans to wear her raincoat again if that's alright."

"Well, Linda just got out of bed. I'll ask her how soon she'll be ready to come
up there. Just a sec."

"Linda, it's John wondering when you can come up there and take care of his
problem. I think he's pretty anxious to have his turn in your pussy."

"I can be ready in half an hour if that's soon enough. Tell him it isn't going
anywhere so not to worry. I've saved some just for him. By the way, what about
Janet? What is she going to do?"

"Well," I said feeling a little uneasy, "Janet is going to come down here if
that's OK with you."

"Oh, well that's fine with me. I guess I can let you fuck one other woman since
you've been so generous with me. Besides you've done everything else with her.
You might as well fuck her too."

"John," I said returning to the phone. "She'll be up there in half an hour.
She's just getting in the shower. She says to tell you that she has saved some
just for you."

"Great. I'll have Janet leave the room at 7:45. That way they can pass in the
elevator."

"Sounds good to me. That'll give me time to take a shower too. After all I want
to be nice and clean when I fuck your wife."

"Oh gawd, Bill. I love the sound of that. It's so depraved. I'm all showered
and ready for fuck your wife whenever she arrives. See you later."

I had just gotten out of the shower when Janet knocked at the door. Linda
hadn't left the room yet so she answered the door.

"Oh, hi Janet. Aren't you early?"

"Yes, I guess a little," Janet replied. "It seems that John just can't wait to
finally get to fuck you so he suggested that I come down now. Besides I wanted
to let you know that I am all in favor of this little swap. John said that Bill
was worried about that."

Linda had already slipped on a blouse and jeans to wear in the hall because she
didn't have a raincoat. Janet removed her raincoat and handed it to Linda.
"Here, wear this instead. When you're finished just wear it back down and I can
use it to get back to our room."

Linda quickly stripped and was about to slip on the raincoat when I came out of
the bathroom. I was startled to find both women standing there in the nude.

"Wow, now this is a treat!" I exclaimed. "Two gorgeous sexy and very naked
women here to greet me. And I'll bet you're both wanting to get laid too.
Right?"

"That's right mister," Linda said. "But I have plans to get laid by some other
man who is waiting for me upstairs. By the way Janet, what is your room number
again?"

"614," Janet replied as Linda threw on the raincoat and went out the door.
"Have a good time, Linda."

"Have fun sweetheart," I shouted down the hall as she headed for the elevator.
I wondered how many others in earshot had any clue about what was about to
happen in our room and in room 614 or what happened last night in room 302.

That thought didn't last long as I turned to face this delicious nude woman
that I now was going to finally get to fuck. "How did it go last night, Janet?
Did you have fun too? Linda says she sure did."

"Bill, I can't believe what a great time I had. I've never been with two men
before. I mean I had Don in my mouth while Jack was pounding my pussy and then
they traded places. Then I watched while they repeated that scene with Linda.
It was the most erotic experience of my life...and one I am going to have to
repeat. The only problem we both had last night was keeping the men from
cumming in our mouths. We both love to swallow cum but we knew that you and
John really wanted us to come back with our pussies full of cum so we insisted
that they only cum there. They were good sports about it though."

"Well," I said with a laugh, "it doesn't take much of a sport to agree to only
cum in the pussy of another man's wife. I'm sure both of those guys must have
thought they died and went to heaven. But I'm sure you'll have plenty of
opportunities to swallow other men's cum in the future now that you've gotten
into this lifestyle. I know that John will like the idea particularly if he
gets to watch and I can't imagine many men turning down the chance at a good
blowjob. Speaking of blowjobs, how about proving to me that you really know
how."

"Alright mister smartass. Get your hard dick over here!" Janet ordered as she
went over to the bed.

Thus began two hours of unbridled fucking and sucking. I explored every inch of
Janet's lovely body with my tongue and she easily proved herself to be a worthy
cocksucker. I tried hard to hold out but she had a steaming load down her
throat in just a few minutes. Then it was my turn to bring her off with my
tongue. She came twice before we switched to a 69 and she got me ready to slip
into her hot hairless cunt.

Not only do pussies not look alike as I mentioned before but the way they
welcome and massage a cock is sometimes different too. Linda's cunt really
seems to suck them in. Janet's certainly wasn't hard to enter but she did seem
much tighter than Linda. I had a hard time maintaining control even though I
had cum once already. We worked together to sustain the action though and it
was nearly an hour before I finally pumped my load into Janet's deep wet
tunnel. We had done this in the famous old missionary position so I collapsed
on top of her for a few minutes while we both caught our breath. Then after a
few minutes rest we began our 69 again and although I couldn't cum a third time
I did get hard enough to give her some good action. By the time the phone rang
telling us that Linda was on her way back down, Janet had cum five times. I
felt pretty good about that and she seemed satisfied..at least for the moment.

We were still playing with one another when Linda knocked at the door.

"Go away! We're busy," I shouted laughing.

"I'll bet you are," I heard Linda reply. "But if you don't let me in I'm going
to go down to the lobby and find another good hard one."

Since I didn't want everyone on the floor to get ideas I quickly went to the
door and let Linda in.

"Hi hon. Did you have fun?" I asked.

"I sure did. Janet, your husband is a great lover. Did you two have fun too?"

"Yes, in fact we really hadn't finished yet when you knocked. Why don't you
come over to the bed and join us. I really would love the chance to have two
pussies spread out for me to eat..that is if you don't mind Janet."

"Fine with me," Janet replied. "I probably better go back upstairs soon though.
I'm sure John will be wanting to leave before long."

For the next few minutes the gals laid on the bed next to each other while I
alternated between them. The sight of two bare pussies open like that was more
than my tired cock could take and soon it was back at attention. I moved up
between Janet's thighs and slipped into her well lubricated cunt. After a few
plunges I withdrew and moved over to Linda where I repeated the process. Then I
went back to banging Janet...then Linda..then Janet again. While I fucked one
of them with my cock I began to fuck the other with my fingers. I found that I
could easily get three or more fingers in each of them. Their pussies had
really been stretched out this weekend.

Even as loose and well lubricated as they were I felt the pressure building in
my balls. I also noticed that the two of them were beginning to moan and roll
their bodies around to match my thrusts. Just as they were about to cum Janet's
hand fell onto Linda's breast. When that happened Linda reached over and found
Janet's. They both appeared to caress the other briefly before Linda came. As
soon as she came Janet also went over the top. I plunged a few more times
briskly into Janet's sopping cunt and then she got another load of my cum.

We had just all collapsed into a giant heap when there was a knock at the door.
It was John looking for Janet. Since she hadn't returned after Linda came down
he was afraid something might be wrong. He didn't even have to ask because as
soon as he saw the two of them sprawled on the bed he knew what had happened.

"You just fucked them both didn't you?" he said with a grin.

"That's right. In fact I think that if you look closely you can still see my
last load dripping from Janet's cunt. But I'm sure they have room for one more
from you if you're up to it."

I could tell from the tent that just sprang up in his slacks that he was ready
too. In seconds John was naked and on the bed with Linda and Janet. He also
alternated back and forth fucking first one and then the other. The women were
just beginning to show renewed signs of life when John thrust hard into Linda's
cunt and held himself there as his load filled her. Then he too collapsed.
Again a pile of bodies on the bed as they recovered.

I got dressed while I waited for them to come to. John finally got up and also
got dressed.

Looking at our wives as they were lying motionless on the bed with fresh loads
of cum dripping from their hairless pussies, I said to John "Well it looks like
they're finally satisfied. I was beginning to think we weren't going to be able
to do it. I have never known any other women who have the sexual appetite that
these two have. Now that we have gotten them started in this are we going to be
able to keep it up?"

"Well, Bill, it sure was fun getting to this point and I'm sure it will be even
more fun trying to keep it up. Although I doubt that there will be anything
quite like the thrill of the very first time I saw another man's cock entering
Janet's pussy yesterday in the shoe store."

"Well you two had better be able to keep it up," Linda said as she suddenly sat
up. "I'm quickly becoming accustomed to having lots of men filling my needs.
Now that I've started don't expect me to stop any time soon."

"That goes for me too," Janet chimed in as she too sat up. "Linda, do you
suppose that Don and Jack are still around and might like a blowjob before we
go?"

"See I knew it," I said to John. "At last we seem to have found a form of
entertainment that doesn't wear out."

John didn't answer. When I looked over at him he was dialing the phone. He had
a brief conversation with someone and then he hung up. "I'm sorry ladies. It
appears that Don and Jack checked out about an hour ago. It's their loss
because we'll find others."

"Anyhow, it's time to hit the road. We have a long drive ahead of us and I'm
already tired. I don't seem to have slept too well the last couple of nights."

"We've got to be going too. We have plans with the family tonight," John
replied.

We exchanged addresses and phone numbers and promised to keep in touch so that
John and I could exchange tales of our wanton wives' escapades. Then Janet put
on her raincoat and went with John to their room to dress and pack. As we said
goodbye, John said he thought it might be fun for Janet to wear just the
raincoat in the car. Janet liked the idea.

                           End  -  Chapter 8

