
                  Chapter 5: The Gateway into Linda's Panties

As I pulled back onto the freeway Linda leaned back again and finally took the
nap that she set out to get earlier. While I drove I recounted the incredible
sexual experiences of the past few weeks. I also thought of ways we could have
more fun this weekend. I was still in a state of disbelief that Linda had taken
this quickly to the idea of fucking other men so openly. I must admit that I
was also pleasantly surprised at how quickly other men took to the idea of
fucking her even when I was present. I hoped that we could find an opportunity
for her to be fucked by a large black cock and also for her to do more than one
stranger at once. I couldn't imagine, however, how abundantly my dreams were
going to be fulfilled before this trip was over.

Once Linda was sound asleep I reached over and unbuttoned her skirt and blouse.
I gently pulled them both open to again reveal the treasures within. She had
left her bra off so her tits were on full display. Unfortunately she had put
her panties back on soon after we got back on the road because she didn't want
Alec's cum to make a spot on her denim skirt. Nonetheless, the sheer material
left little or nothing to the imagination. I didn't want Linda to be startled
by any more loud horns from truck drivers so I didn't slow down whenever I
passed one, but kept the pedal to the medal giving them time for just a quick
glimpse if they looked our way at the right time. Since I55 is a very busy
truck route we passed several trucks of all types and I wondered as I passed
them what they might be saying to their buddies via cb. I decided that before
hitting the road for the return trip home we would have to buy a portable unit.
I knew that we both would enjoy their rather raunchy description of her show.

We were just entering the eastern suburbs of St. Louis when Linda woke up. It
didn't take her long to realize her state of partial undress.

"You bastard," she said. "What have you done to me while I was asleep?"

She started to pull herself together when I reached over to stop her. "I like
the view and no one else has complained. Why not leave it like that until we
get further into the city?"

She obliged without further comment, but as we turned off the freeway into
downtown St. Louis she sat up and buttoned up. Within a few minutes we had
found our hotel and as I drove up to the front door I reminded Linda about
getting out of the car.

"What if the doorman opens the door?" she asked.

"Don't you think he'd like a show?" She didn't answer but seemed to accept the
deal. As luck would have it a doorman did open the door but as he did so he
turned to call over a bellman. I think he missed the show. Linda said that he
gave no reaction and she didn't pause to prolong the view because there were a
number of people standing nearby at the cab stand.

We were able to check-in very quickly and as we were walking across the lobby
to the elevators a woman coming out of the coffeeshop caught my eye. She was
wearing a dark blazer, white blouse, a white pleated skirt that came a couple
of inches above her knees and white hose of some sort. The overall look was
quite conservative and attractive but I immediately realized the great show-off
potential of the white skirt and hose combination. Together the light colors
would make it much easier to see what was hidden beneath even in a dimly lit
room.

"See that gal over there," I said as I nodded my head in her direction. "I
think we should get you an outfit like that. Just think how easy it would be to
give a show in that skirt. You could easily make it look quite accidental if
you wanted too."

"Are you offering to buy me more new clothes?" Linda asked. "If so I accept."

"Great! We have some time before dinner to do some shopping and you could wear
the outfit tonight."

In the elevator we agreed that Linda would shower and get ready to go to dinner
before we went shopping. She felt pretty grungy from her episode with Alec and
we agreed that all of her private places needed to be in pristine condition for
the evening. Since the bellman was going to follow us to the room with our
luggage, I suggested that Linda begin her shower immediately and leave the door
ajar. Since the bathroom was just inside the hotel room door, the bellman would
have to walk past that door to get in. Also the closet was across from the
bathroom so he would have to spend a few seconds there to hang up our garment
bags.

Linda had just turned on the water when there was a knock at the door.

"He's here," I said quietly.

"OK, I'm ready," she replied. As I went to open the door I looked into the
bathroom. There was Linda standing in the tub with the water running but with
the curtain partially open. She began shampooing her hair so that she seemed
oblivious to being seen. It was obvious that the bathroom was going to get a
little wet but at least the bellman had a good view of a completely naked
Linda.

I have never seen a bellman take so long to bring 4 bags into a hotel room. He
noticed Linda immediately as he entered and he boldly stopped to stare for
several seconds. He seemed not to be aware of my presence as I moved quietly to
the other end of the room where I could watch him. After he brought the first
load of bags into the room he went back to the door and stood and watched her
again for at least 2 or 3 minutes. Then he got the garment bags and had a very
hard time getting them hung up because he was looking over his shoulder into
the bathroom. When he was finishing up I heard the water stop, and as he stood
and watched I imagined Linda stepping from the shower.

Suddenly I heard Linda say "Oh, hi. Sorry, I didn't know you were here."

"No need to be sorry," he said. He seemed a bit flustered at being caught
looking but he recovered quickly.

"Do you need anything else?", he asked. His question was directed at her, not
me, so I remained silent as I stood wondering what might be about to happen. He
was pretty young..college age, I would guess..so he hadn't spent a lot of years
at his job. I wondered how often something like this had happened to him. It
was apparent from his obvious erection that he hadn't seen enough naked female
guests to be jaded by it.

Linda noticed his condition as well and suddenly I saw her come out of the
bathroom. "Here Luis, let me give you your tip," she said. "I think you have a
problem that you shouldn't take out in public." She took him by the hand and
pulled him over by the bed. "Lie down here so I can take care of that problem
for you." He silently obeyed and she immediately reached for his zipper. In
seconds she had extricated his nice size cock from his pants and had placed it
in her mouth. "I'd love to put this in my pussy and have you fuck me, but I
don't have time right now. Maybe later, OK?" she mumbled without removing his
tool from her mouth.

"What did you say ma'am?" the kid said.

"You know that you shouldn't talk with your mouth full," I teased her. I was
delighted with her explicit language. That combined with the sight of my wife
getting her face fucked by yet another strange cock gave me a "problem" as
well. "You are going to have to take care of my problem too before we go out,"
I said.

It took less time for him to cum than it had taken him to bring in the bags. In
just a minute or so I heard a moan from him and I noticed Linda swallowing. As
soon as he finished he jumped up and made for the door while zipping his pants.

"I better get back to work. Thanks ma'am..sir," was all he could say and he was
gone.

"My turn now," I said. "Don't worry. It won't take long either." Linda
hesitated but must have been swayed by my plaintive look.

In just another few seconds she was swallowing a second load of cum. "Well, you
won't have to worry about a lack of protein today," I said. She gave me one of
her cat-that-swallowed-the-canary (or I- just-swallowed-two-cocks) grins and
went back to the bathroom.

"I must get my hair dried before I have to wet it again."

In less than an hour we were ready to shop. We asked at the hotel desk for
recommendations for stores nearby that carried a good selection of women's
wear. There were several so we set out for the nearest one. We couldn't believe
our good fortune when we found just about the exact outfit that I had in mind
on a display in the first store. Linda took a navy blazer and the white skirt
into the dressing area to try them on. When she emerged I knew that we had hit
paydirt. As she modelled the outfit for me I suggested that she crouch down and
let me get a view up her skirt from a few feet away. She obliged as I stepped
back and I was quickly greeted by a fine view of the tops of her thighs and
then as she spread her knees I saw easily the shadow of her beaver under the
sheer fabric of her white panties.

"Perfect! The effect is exactly what I had hoped. If you don't stop that you'll
have to give me another blowjob right here, right now."

"If I did, you'd be out of commission for the night. We wouldn't want that now,
would we?"

"You're right. Do you need more white hose or panties to go with that outfit?"

"I have plenty of panties, but I could use another pair or two of white
thigh-highs."

We took our purchase to the clerk who helped us find the hose that Linda
needed. Since Linda intended to wear the outfit from the store, the clerk
helped remove the tags. "That's a real classy looking outfit," the sales clerk
said. "We have sold a lot of that combination since we put up that display."

$300 later we had Linda's old clothes in a bag and were on our way.

"How about some new white high-heels to really set that short skirt off?"

"I suppose you think I'm going to let another shoe salesman into my pants."

"Well, that is a fun idea but we wouldn't want him to mess up your new outfit,
would we?"

"I guess you're right. Besides the last one spoiled me with the size of his
cock."

"You certainly have developed a nasty mouth today," I commented. "But not to
worry. I love it when you talk like that."

"Well, if I'm going to act like a slut I might as well talk like one."

We found the shoe department of the department store we were in and Linda
quickly scanned the shoe selection while I surveyed the sales staff.

"All women," I said with disappointment.

"Well, they do have a couple of styles I like. We can try somewhere else and
then come back if we strike out."

"Good idea. A salesman doesn't deserve to both make a sale and see your pussy,
now does he?"

"Well, I do have panties on. Does that still count?"

"With those panties at that distance he can see your pussy lips and count the
hairs. Don't worry, it's a view worth seeing. In fact, I'll make a bet with
you. If he doesn't get hard, I'll pay for the shoes. If he does, you pay. OK?"

"No."

"You realize then the power of your pussy, even when sort of hidden by those
panties? Let's get on down the block."

We found a good women's shoe store in the next block and when we entered Linda
immediately noticed that all the sales staff were men. She then found two pairs
of shoes that she would like to try. During the course of the next 15 or 20
minutes she proceeded to give her salesman a great view of her thinly veiled
cunt. She tried on the two pairs of shoes she had selected and then the
salesman brought out several more possibilities. With each pair he got a great
view as she raised her leg and spread her thighs while he put them on. Then she
would get up and parade around and sit down in front of him again. The white
skirt had been a great investment because even without pulling up her skirt,
unbuttoning it, or otherwise being obvious, she was able to give a great show.
Not only did the salesman take good notice (as was evidenced by his obvious
erection) but the other two guys had apparently figured out what was happening
and had moved around where they could see the show. In fact, they almost
blocked my view because I had moved to a far wall vantage point where I could
see the show and the reaction to it. I soon was aware that Linda had not only
lost the bet I had wanted to make. She had lost it times 3.

"Gee, I'm sorry. None of them are what I want," she said as she got up. The two
other salesmen quickly left for the back room. They probably were trying to
hide the tents in their pants. Her salesman didn't seem too self-conscious
about his. After all he had been walking around from the storeroom and back
several times with it. He did seem disappointed that she was leaving however.

"Come back next week and we'll have a whole new assortment in," he said.

"I'll try to do that," Linda lied.

"Be sure to ask for me when you do. I've enjoyed helping you."

As Linda and I headed out the door I asked "Are you sure you want to leave so
quickly? There are three men in there who all have very eager looking
hard-ons."

"I wish I could stay to help them, but the other store will be closing soon and
I really would like to get a pair from there."

I hadn't been watching the time and realized that Linda was right. Most of the
downtown stores closed in less than 30 minutes. That certainly wouldn't have
been time for doing all 3 guys. Besides it's quite possible that 1 or 2 of them
might not be interested in anything more than window shopping. In that case her
salesman probably wouldn't have dared to try anything either.

In less than half an hour we had purchased a pair of shoes and were back in our
hotel room. The purchase was very uneventful although I suspect that the
saleswoman had gotten a peek or two at Linda's panties. It appeared that Linda
had now forgotten all of the modesty conditioning that she had lived with all
of her life. As I waited and watched, a whole new world of possibilities
entered my imagination as I thought about the saleswoman and Linda getting it
on. I wasn't about to bring it up now, but that would be an interesting new
dimension to pursue in the future.

Since it was still a little early to go out to dinner we decided to check out
the convention that was supposed to be taking place in the hotel. Before we
left the room I insisted that Linda remove her bra. Since she was wearing the
blazer nothing could be seen anyhow. The convention didn't officially start
until the next morning but we thought that there might be some pre-convention
hospitality going on where we could get a free drink or two. It could also be a
good opportunity to scout for some attractive companions for Linda.

The convention had a registration table set up on the mezzanine of the hotel.
We started there hoping to get a clue as to the location of a hospitality suite
or two. We were in luck. A couple of the major vendors to this industry had
their suite numbers prominently posted at the registration table. As we watched
the registrants passing through the area we realized that there were a few
women here..but not many.

"It looks like this could be a great group to entertain a sexy babe. Shall we
go up?"

"Sure. Do I look ok?" Linda's lack of self-confidence was reappearing. I knew
that she would be the center of attention in any room full of people. She could
certainly hold her own in conversation and she was the master of flirting so
she would be in her element upstairs.

"You look fabulous. Good enough to eat..and more. Let's go."

We got to the first room together and found it fairly quiet. There were only 8
or 10 men there. As soon as we walked in someone offered us a drink. We were
soon served and I leaned over to Linda and whispered "Good luck and have fun. I
am going to try to start up a conversation with one of the guys in the corner
and let the others take their passes at you. OK?"

The first guy didn't wait for me to take my first step before he made his move.
He started talking to Linda and she quickly got into the conversation. The
conversation soon became quite animated and soon Linda had her hand on his arm
. She loved to touch people..at least male people. This was Linda at her public
sexiest. It was obvious that the chemistry was working and I knew that
something intimate would come of this before long. The two of them moved away
from the bar and found a quiet corner in the room where the conversation
continued as if they were long lost friends. I wondered how long this would go
on. Would she make a move or would he?

Less than 15 minutes passed before it happened. I had been trying rather
unsuccessfully to make small talk with a couple of the other men there, but I
must admit I was really engrossed in the interplay between Linda and her new
friend. Then the two of them got up and headed toward the door. Linda nodded at
me to come over. I met them just outside the door.

"Don and I are going to his room for a minute. Is that OK? He has some samples
that he wants to show me." She winked as she said it.

"Sure, but don't be gone too long. I am starting to get hungry." With that I
reached over and gave her a pat on the butt and mouthed the words "I love you."

The two of them were quickly out of sight as they headed to the elevator. With
my heart in my throat I went back into the hospitality room. For the next 45
minutes I was a basket case. I knew that my wife was getting laid somewhere
here in the hotel by a guy she had met less than an hour ago. I couldn't wait
to see how she looked when she returned and to hear the details. Time passes so
slowly when you are anxious for something so exciting.

Finally I heard her laughing as she came down the hall. The two of them entered
looking like a pair of romantic teenagers. She was clinging to his arm and had
her head on his shoulder. She seemed to finally realize where she was and
reached up to give him a kiss before walking over to me. Don seemed quite
self-conscious as he rejoined his friends.

"Are you ready to go eat?" she asked.

"Sure am. Getting pretty hungry. Are you ready?"

Giggling she said "I've just had a snack and I've got one for you too. Let's go
to our room for a minute." I was quite sure I knew what she meant and couldn't
wait to find out for sure.

As soon as I opened the door she threw herself on the bed and pulled up her
skirt. She wasn't wearing any panties. "There's your snack. Eat me!"

Her pussy lips were bright red and covered with cum. "Tell me about it while I
eat."

"Well, it didn't take Don long to be pretty direct about what he wanted to do.
He invited me out to dinner and to 'fool around a little' afterward. When I
told him that I was married and that you and I had dinner plans he was
astonished. He couldn't believe that you were calmly standing there watching
him make a move on me."

"I wasn't calm," I interrupted. Then I returned to eating her cum filled pussy.
His cum had started running down her thighs so I had to clean them up as well.
From the amount of cum I was cleaning up it seemed the guy must have cum a
quart.

"How many times did he cum," I asked. "You are really covered with it."

"Twice. Once in my mouth and once in my cunt."

"He didn't seem put off by the fact that I was around. What else happened?"

"When I told him that we could 'fool around a little' right now if he wanted,
he almost wet his pants. 'Really,' he said. 'How are you going to pull that
off. Isn't that your husband right over there?' I said that it was but that I
needed a lot of sex and that you were a very understanding guy. He then
suggested that we go to his room. I asked if he would mind if you came along.
He didn't think he could 'perform' if you did. I didn't think you would mind
too much."

"You were right. As long as I get to the taste the results and hear the details
I'm satisfied although I'd rather be there. You can't imagine what the waiting
was like though. It is sort of like hanging over the edge of a cliff for most
of an hour. The other guys in the room didn't say much but most of them had
seen you leave and they were rather curious about what was going on. I heard
one of them say that Don was one real lucky SOB. Another asked me if you were
with me. When I said yes, he said you were 'one sexy woman'. What happened when
you got to his room?"

"The fun started in the elevator. We got into a real hot kiss and he started to
feel me up while I unzipped his pants and massaged his cock. I don't think
anyone saw us but I was beyond caring. When we got go his room I gave him a
blowjob as soon as the door closed. I thought that might end it but he didn't
want to quit so soon. He said that he wanted to fuck me so we both undressed
and I started to work at getting him up again. It took a while but it worked
and then we fucked for quite awhile before he came again. He kept saying 'I
can't believe it. I can't believe it. Your husband knows you're here and isn't
upset.' Before we left his room I told him more about us. He was intrigued but
didn't think that he could tolerate his wife doing something like this. He did
invite us to come back to the room after dinner or tomorrow because he would
like an encore and he knew his friends would 'like a shot at my hot pussy'."

"Well, if we don't find anything else after dinner, that's sounds like an
intriguing idea. Otherwise we could go back tomorrow. That is if you want to do
him again."

"Oh, he was fun. I'd like to do a replay."

By now I had finished cleaning up Linda's cum covered pussy and thighs. She
freshened up a bit and we headed to dinner. We agreed that for the rest of the
evening she wouldn't wear any panties. The restaurant that we were going to was
several blocks from the hotel so I sent for the car. When the valet brought it
around the doorman opened the door for Linda. She remembered our agreement and
I watched as he got a good but brief view of her pussy before she swung her
legs around into the car. I then got in the car and we left. I was already
hoping that the restaurant had valet parking. It did and as we pulled up I
suggested that she take her time getting out. Especially since it was getting
dark and the view wouldn't be quite so good.

I jumped out of the car quickly so that I could watch the valet as he got his
show. He seemed delighted and Linda must have paused for several seconds with
her thighs open because I was all the way around the car before she stepped
out.

"Enjoy your dinner," the valet said with a big smile. "I'll look forward to
seeing you later."

"You played that well. He seemed to like it. Did you notice his big grin?"

"Yes. He was cute too. I wanted to see if he would get hard, but you came
around too quickly."

"Oh, sorry. Well, how about if we find him when we leave and you give him
something more than a show since you think he's so cute?"

"That would be great. He could be my no calorie dessert. OK?"

"That's precisely what I had in mind."

With another sexual escapade on the horizon we both ate dinner rather quickly.
The food was good, but we both had other things on our mind.

During dinner we had a good looking young waiter and since we were seated in a
booth that offered some privacy I asked Linda to remove her blazer. She agreed
and the waiter soon realized that he could see her breasts fairly well.
Needless to say, we got a lot of attention. One time when he was approaching
our table Linda announced that she had to go to the bathroom. She quickly
turned and slid from her seat. Realizing what was going on I looked around the
end of the booth and noticed that her skirt had ridden well up her thighs and
her pussy was staring the waiter in the face. Anyone else sitting in that
direction could also see, but that possibility only enhanced the effect for me.
She then got up and left.

In a few minutes as she returned I noticed that she stopped to talk to a couple
of men at the booth opposite us and only about 10 feet away. In a few seconds
she came over and sat down.

"What was that all about? Did they see something perhaps?" I said with a grin.

"Right. One of them said 'we love your outfit..especially your underwear.' When
I said that I didn't have any on they said 'we know, we know'."

Since we were finished eating and I had paid the check I said "Unbutton your
blouse and flash them your tits."

"You're bad, " she said as she began unbuttoning. She then surprised me by
turning to face them, sliding forward pulling her skirt up again. Then she
simultaneously opened her blouse and her thighs for a quick flash. In a brief
second the show was over. We got up to leave and as we walked past the men we
stopped.

"Which did you like best, her tits or her pussy?"

One of them said "It was a tie." The other said "I'm not sure. I need to see
them again."

We all laughed and Linda and I headed out to get the car. On the way I asked if
she was still interested in 'tipping' the valet. She said "Sure."

When we got to the door we had to wait for a few minutes because our guy wasn't
around. "Perhaps he's out parking another car," Linda said.

"I hope so," I agree. We both were delighted when he drove back up.

Linda approached him and said that we wanted to get our car. "Could you take us
to it instead of bringing it here. That is if it's more private there."

The guy caught on quickly and said "Sure, follow me." We all nearly ran around
the block to a parking lot behind the restaurant. There we found the car and I
went around to get in as Linda and the valet went up to her side.

As she slid into her seat facing him with her thighs open she said "You're
looking at mine. Now I want to see yours. With that she reached up and unzipped
his pants. She had this routine down to a fine art. In seconds he was fucking
her face.

"Oh, lady, that's nice. Ohhhh," was about all the guy said. It didn't take
long. Linda is very accomplished at sucking cock and unless one really resists
she can suck seed in just a minute or two. This guy wasn't about to hold back.
We were probably all thinking that someone could be along any second. I heard a
short gasp and noticed Linda swallowing.

He stood silently for a minute trying to catch his breath. Linda sat licking
her lips and then licking the tip of his cock some more. She even was so
thoughtful as to turn slightly so that I could see his cock in her mouth. She
winked at me. The wanton slut. He finally had regained his composure enough to
say "Oh thank you ma'am. That was great. That's the best blowjob I've ever had.
I wish my girlfriend was that good."

"Too bad we don't have more time. We could get together and Linda could give
her lessons," I suggested.

"That would be great, but I don't think she would go for it."

"Oh well, glad you enjoyed that one then," Linda said. "I enjoyed it too. You
have a great cock. Thanks for the terrific dessert."

"The valet laughed and said "I better get back before the boss shows up. Hope
you come back again soon."

"We hope so too," I said. He then closed the door and we drove away.

"Well, my hot wife. You have now given 4 blowjobs and fucked 2 guys so far
today including lucky Don who got both."

"Right, and the night's still young," Linda said with her 'I've-
just-swallowed-another-cock' grin.

                               End  -  Chapter 5

