
                        Chapter 6: Landing the Big Ones

The dance lounge that I wanted to go to was just a block or so from our hotel
so we drove back downtown and left the car at the hotel. As Linda exited the
car the doorman got another eyeful as did another couple that was there waiting
for a cab. I watched the couple and the guy seemed pleased with the show. He
looked intently and then nudged his wife and said something to her. By the time
she looked our way the show was over.

"I think you gave that couple that was waiting there an idea," I told Linda
when we started walking down the street. "I noticed the guy looking and trying
to get his wife to look." Since the woman was very attractive and dressed in a
outfit that would lend itself easily to showing off, I thought for a few
minutes about what fun might lie ahead for them. I decided to watch for them
around the hotel later tonight and tomorrow just in case they might be staying
there.

We soon arrived at the nightclub and paid the cover charge at the door. It was
obvious immediately that this was a jumping place with a good size Friday night
crowd. Even before we were inside the door Linda started moving to the beat of
the music which I took as a good sign that she would have fun here.

"Let's just find a table that's kind of out of the way where we can look around
and get the lay of the land," I suggested. "Then we can figure out our
strategy."

"What strategy?" Linda asked with a sly grin. "What did you have in mind, my
sweet husband? You aren't thinking of getting me involved in anything naughty
are you?"

"Whatever would make you say such a thing? From the way you talk a person might
think that I want someone here to get in your pants. Shame, shame, shame! Of
course, such a person wouldn't be likely to know that you don't have any pants
on to get into. Anyway, in looking at this crowd I'll be disappointed if it's
just one someone that scores with you tonight."

"Well, that's mighty big talk mister. I sure hope you can make good on your
forecast."

We sat down in a back corner where we had a pretty good view of the dance floor
and table area. We both noticed that there seemed to be a disproportionate
number of men present. That fact alone held real promise. The crowd seemed to
be of the yuppie type. We didn't realize until later in the evening that many
of them were from the convention that was about to get underway in our hotel.

We ordered our drinks and were quickly served. As soon as she had gotten a good
start on her drink, I suggested to Linda that she remove her blazer. At first
she resisted because there were so many people sitting quite close to our
table. Finally she relented and I could immediately sense the eyes of those
around us checking out her chest. In the shadows by our table her nipples were
not blatantly displayed but they could be seen whenever she faced outward into
the room.

"Are you ready to begin tonight's adventure," I asked.

"What do you have in mind?"

"How about going up to the bar alone while I sit here and watch. Troll a little
and see what develops?"

The bar was on the other side of the lounge far enough from our table that I
didn't think anyone sitting there would have seen us or realize that she had
come with someone. Even if they did it wouldn't really matter unless they were
nervous about making a pass at a woman who was there with someone.

"What exactly should I do," she asked.

"Go up and sit down at the bar. Order a drink. If anyone approaches you and
asks if you are alone, say that you are waiting for your husband, but that he
is always late. Act like you're kind of pissed at him. If someone asks you to
dance, accept if you find the guy interesting. If not say no."

"What will you be doing?"

"Sitting here watching. If you find someone that you find really interesting
bring him back here to the table. OK?"

"What if no one shows any interest?"

"They will. Don't worry my sexy dear. They will. It won't take more than two
minutes before you have your first invitation. I'll bet a weeks wages on that."

Well, OK, but give me some money. I didn't bring any with me."

I gave her $20 and sent her off towards the bar. I underestimated the men near
the bar. She hadn't gotten her hot cheeks onto the bar stool before the first
guy made his move. She must have been unimpressed. He soon left. Another one
wasn't a step behind him. This time she appeared to engage in conversation, and
she soon had a drink courtesy of the guy. I heard the band begin to play a song
that Linda particularly liked and as it got going I noticed her move toward the
dance floor with her new partner. Although she was several feet away I noticed
that her nipples were much more visible under the lights on the dance floor. I
hope the other men noticed too. It was a kick watching this sexy woman who was
my wife with her tits so much on public display.

When that song was over Linda and her partner headed back for the bar. This
time when she sat down I noticed that she turned to face away from the bar and
gave those sitting nearby a great view up her skirt as she shifted back onto
the stool. Unfortunately I was too far away to see much but I was certain that
the men at the table nearest her had gotten a pretty explicit view of one hot
wet pussy. Then she surprised me because instead of turning toward the bar or
at least closing her thighs she continued to sit with her knees several inches
apart and her heels up on the rail of the bar stool. I looked closely at the
men who appeared to be her intended audience. I noticed that their heads were
turned toward Linda. There were two guys sitting there and then I realized that
they were both black.

"Hot dog," I thought. "She's fishing for a big one. I sure hope she finds one."

I had a very hard time keeping my distance and my calm during the next half
hour. It didn't take one of the guys long to take the bait and invite Linda to
dance. She danced two dances with him before they left the dance floor. Instead
of returning to the bar, Linda went to their table. In a few more minutes the
other guy got up and escorted Linda to the floor. They danced one fast number
and then a slow number started. Her partner held her very close with both arms
around her waist. It soon was obvious that they were rubbing their loins
together. As I tried to see if he had an erection and how large it might be, I
noticed Linda looking my way. She subtly gave me a "thumbs-up" sign and then I
almost fell off my chair as she held her fingers about a foot apart as she held
her arms around his neck.

After that dance they again returned to their table and engaged in what
appeared to be a very spirited conversation. They had another round of drinks
and chatted some more. Linda was her wonderful self flirting outrageously with
them both and laughing almost constantly at whatever they were talking about.
The first guy and she then danced another couple of numbers and again returned
to the table. Instead of sitting down this time she took the other guy's hand
and after pulling him up she began to lead them both over toward me. My heart
was racing so fast that I thought it would explode.

Instead of sitting down in the chair that I had pulled out for her, Linda said
"We are going up to our room. It took some convincing but they have agreed to
have you come too. But we're in a hurry. Their girl friends are due to arrive
here in less than half an hour. Besides the equipment is all primed and ready
for action." To emphasize her point she reached over and stroked the rather
obvious erection of one of the guys. "These are far too good to waste," she
continued.

"Great," I said somewhat flustered by the quick progression of events. "Let's
go." I doubted that these guys would be back in time to meet their women.
Further I doubted that they would be too concerned about it when the time came.
Later if their gals got a clue as to what happened that might well be a
different story. I picked up Linda's blazer and quickly followed them out of
the club.

In just a few minutes we were crossing the lobby of our hotel. I wondered if
anyone sensed what might be going on since Linda and the two guys were walking
arm in arm. I was following right behind having a hard time keeping up as they
swept her along. I was not going so fast that I didn't notice the couple that
had seen Linda's earlier show when we had come back to the hotel. They were
sitting in the lounge area of the lobby. Again the guy noticed Linda and got
his wife to look up and watch as we continued to the elevator. I wondered again
what they might be thinking about or planning for themselves. If I had had time
I might have tried to strike up a conversation with them.

The elevator doors hadn't even begun to close when Linda hotly embraced one of
her new friends and reached up to give him a deep kiss. As she did so he had
his hand up under her skirt and I was sure that he had one or more fingers
buried far into her hot wet pussy. In seconds the aroma of sex filled the
elevator cab. Then as the other guy also moved his hand to her crotch she
turned and gave him the same sort of a kiss. I couldn't believe what I knew was
about to happen. Here my wife was with two men who were about to fuck her while
I took in the entire scene.

As we entered the door to our room clothes began to fly in every direction. I
went over to an easy chair in the corner and watched the three of them prepare
for action. In less than a minute Linda had pulled one of the men onto the bed
and had his large black pole in her mouth. The other guy immediately lifted
Linda's lower body up onto the bed. Then in one move he lifted her ass into the
air and placed his oversized black cock at the entrance of her cunt.

My heart stopped for a moment as I realized what was about to happen. I was
about to watch Linda getting fucked in her mouth and her pussy by two of the
largest, blackest cocks that I had ever seen. I wondered if there might be a
problem getting such a large one into her pussy, but while I watched he lunged
forward and rammed his cock all the way into her. As he did so Linda gasped and
moaned loudly.

"Wow, I can't believe it," I said out loud. "You found a pair of big ones,
sweetheart." I don't think Linda was listening. I'm sure she was already aware
that she had a pair of trophy cocks servicing her.

It didn't take long for them to establish a rhythm that rocked Linda back and
forth between them. As one large black piston withdrew from her cunt the other
plunged into her mouth and then the action was reversed. The sight of these
black cocks against Linda's pale face and ass was incredible; even more erotic
than I had ever imagined. It also hit me that I didn't even know the names of
the men who were fucking my wife. I wonder if Linda knew. I bet not. Names and
such formalities just aren't all that important to her.

They continued in this position for a few minutes until Linda pulled back from
the cock that had been in her mouth. "I'll take care of you later. Right now I
want to concentrate on getting fucked." With that she turned and pulled the guy
(we later learned that his name was Darren) that had been fucking her to the
bed and crawled up on top of him. "Much better," she said as she lowered her
dripping cunt onto his big black pole.

In this position I couldn't see much because she kept his cock deeply planted
in her while she rocked her pelvis back and forth. However, as if she was
reading my mind, every few seconds she would pull herself up and begin to
bounce up and down on his cock a few times giving me a great view of his rod as
it entered her cunt and then retreated.

"Are you enjoying that?" she asked rather breathlessly. "Do you like seeing
your slut wife getting fucked by a big black cock?"

"I love it!" I replied. "Do you like it?" "Ooooh, yes," she moaned. "In fact
I'm cumming."

"I'm cumming too baby," her lover said. His body then went rigid as he lifted
his ass to push his cock even deeper into her.

She continued her rocking motion. "Oh, don't stop now. I'm almost there too,"
Linda begged.

Within seconds she too had made it. "Ahhhhhhh. Ohhhhh," she moaned. Then as she
collapsed onto his chest she said "Oh, honey, that was good."

The other guy (we found out his name was Michael) must have been afraid that he
wouldn't get his turn. "Don't forget about me," he reminded her.

"Don't worry. Just give me a second to catch my breath. I'm not done yet
either," Linda assured him.

In just a minute of so Linda moved over to Michael and again took his still
erect tool in her mouth. I'm not sure why she did that rather than starting
immediately to fuck him because he was still very hard and I was sure that she
was more than wet enough to get him in easily. Perhaps she was concerned
because he was an inch or so longer than Darren although I don't think he was
any thicker.

Michael let this go on for just a minute or two before he pushed her back and
laid her on her back on the bed. Then as she spread her thighs he entered her
missionary style. Again as she was penetrated she gasped and moaned.

"You like that one too, doll?" I asked.

"Ummmhmmm," she replied. "I love them both. Can I take them home with me?"

Then the motion on the bed became a blur. Michael began fucking her so hard and
so fast that I knew he would cum quickly. I moved so that I could see his black
cock burying itself deep into her pink cunt. Before Linda could protest and
change positions to be on top, he lunged forward pressing so far into her that
I expected to see his cock coming out of her mouth. As he did so she gasped
again as his long cock most likely hit her cervix pretty hard. Then he held
himself there. I couldn't see his cock pumping its load into her but it must
have been a big one because when he withdrew a short time later I watched as a
flood of cum streamed out of her well stretched cunt and down into the crack of
her ass.

"Time for me to clean you up," I blurted as I climbed between her thighs. I
then buried my face in the wet mess of pink flesh and brown hair that was now
covered by her juices and two loads of cum.


Again she gasped and tried to pull back. "Oh, don't do that! I'm such a mess,"
she pled.

I ignored her pleas and instead began to scoop the cum from her cunt with my
tongue. The taste was absolutely incredible as was the realization of what I
was doing. Since there was more cum in her than any previous time when I had
done this, the taste was saltier. Also the cum was fresher than any previous
time except the time with Bob at the hotel at O'Hare.

While I continued to take care of her pussy, Darren moved around and placed his
now semi-soft cock on Linda's lips. "You haven't tasted my cock yet, babe," he
said.

She quickly obliged him by taking him into her mouth and beginning to give him
one of her world-class blowjobs. It was quite a sight as I looked up at her
from my vantage point between her thighs. It seemed like I could sense her cunt
getting even wetter while I was trying to clean it up. I knew it wouldn't be
long before she would want to replace my tongue with his cock. It only took a
couple of minutes for her to get his equipment back into working order.

When he was rock solid I withdrew from my place and said "You'd better put that
tool back to work here. I know that she needs more and I don't want to waste my
time cleaning her up if you are just going to mess her up again."

Darren didn't need to be asked twice. He swung his body around quickly and
within seconds had his cock back into Linda's cunt. This time he followed
Michael's example and began to fuck her in the missionary position. Since he
had just cum a few minutes earlier I expected that this time he would take
longer. I was right.

While Darren was taking his encore in Linda's pussy, Michael moved over to near
Linda's face and placed his now flaccid cock at her lips. Within seconds most
of it had disappeared into her throat. Again I was treated to the incredible
sight of my wife with two strange large cocks filling holes at both ends of
her. Since she was on her back this time she couldn't rock back and forth
between them so the men had to do all the work. I was surprised as I realized
that Linda was able to get nearly all of Michael's cock into her mouth. I would
guess that he was more than 9" long which is about 3" more than me. This meant
that she was currently enjoying about a foot and a half of hard black cock. As
I quickly calculated her intake for the day I concluded that Linda had been
serviced by nearly 4 feet of cock just today. I was concerned about how sore
she might be tomorrow. After all, we still had another day and a half here in
St. Louis.

Suddenly Michael said "Let's switch places." Darren seemed willing to go along
so the men quickly withdrew and within seconds Michael was pumping into Linda's
cunt while she was sucking on Darren. Again she took the entire length of his
rod into her mouth. It seemed like it might be awhile before either of them
came since they had both just cum. Oh, well. I was in no hurry. The sight was
still breathtaking and I continued to slowly stroke myself. I didn't want to
cum until I could dump my load into Linda's cunt when they were both finished.

After several more minutes of this position Linda must have decided that she
wanted to cum again since she stopped sucking and said that she wanted to be on
top. Michael then laid down on the bed and I watched as Linda moved her ass up
over his rod and then quickly slid down the length of it. I now had a perfect
view of him fucking her as she bounced up and down on him instead of rocking
back and forth as she usually does in this position. Once she had established a
rhythm she reached for Darren's cock and again she had two cocks in her.

As I watched I began to wish I had brought a camera or better yet a camcorder.
The sight I was witnessing was something that I would love to view over and
over again in days to come. I was sure that Linda would love to see it too. I
decided that the next time we try this sort of weekend we'll have to make
arrangements for either photos or video.

While the men showed no signs of reaching a climax, Linda began to moan and I
noticed that her rocking and bouncing motions were becoming more erratic. She
then let Darren's cock fall from her mouth as she began to concentrate solely
on the cock in her cunt. She pressed her pelvis down hard on Michael and began
to rock vigorously back and forth.

"I'm cumming. Ohhhh, I'm cumming," she said rather loudly. For a moment I was
concerned that the neighbors might hear us. Then I decided that their knowledge
of what was happening only added to the erotic and forbidden pleasure of it
all.

"Fuck me! Fuck me hard with that big black cock!" she said. This time she was
nearly yelling. Knowing that others knew that my wife was being fucked by a
"big black cock" nearly made me come. I had to squeeze my cock very firmly to
keep from shooting my wad.

Linda reached her climax without any further outbursts and she paused for a few
seconds to catch her breath.

"Hey babe. I haven't finished yet," Michael reminded her.

"I know. Just give me a second to recover," Linda replied. She then resumed her
bouncing on Michael's cock and her sucking of Darren's. In just a few minutes
Linda started to cum again. The scenario of the previous orgasm was repeated
except that her moans and demands were even louder.

"Oh, fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me," she yelled. "Stuff that monster cock in my
cunt." If the neighbors hadn't heard before they surely must have heard this
one. I expected someone to pound on the walls or knock at the door any second.
Again she came and then had to pause. This time it took longer for her to
restart and when she did she moved very slowly. She had reached a point where
her cunt is so sensitive that she couldn't take much more.

Michael helped himself along by pumping his hips up and down giving him just
enough contact to reach the top. He held his cock deeply into her for a few
seconds and then he relaxed and his hips fell to the bed. When he did his cock
nearly came out and I watched as a flood of cum washed down his cock as it ran
from Linda's dripping pussy. She now had three loads in her and I hoped that
she would soon get a fourth from Darren followed by a fifth from me. Then I
could hardly wait to begin the cleanup with my tongue.

"Michael, get out of the way," Darren demanded. Michael complied by rolling out
from under Linda. Linda remained on all fours on the bed. She appeared to be in
a daze. Darren moved up behind her and lifting her ass to the right height, he
slammed his still hard cock in to the hilt. Linda hardly reacted. She was
probably so wet and stretched by now that she couldn't really feel the presence
of Darren's cock. Anyhow, Darren began pumping into her at an ever increasing
rate. He was intent on dumping his second load into her too.

In just a couple of minutes he was successful. He kept his cock buried deep
within her for a minute or two more and then I watched as he withdrew it. Again
a flood of cum followed as his cock slipped from her tunnel. The stream of cum
ran down her slit and into her beaver. Her cunt was certainly a juicy mess.

"My god, Darren, look at the time," Michael exclaimed. The men had been in our
room for well over an hour. "We better get our asses downstairs or we're dead
meat."

"Jeez, time flies when you're having fun," Darren replied. "But Jana will be
furious. She will be even more angry when she finds out I don't have anything
left for her."

The two men then proceeded to get dressed hurriedly. They didn't take time to
clean up so when their gals got around to giving them head tonight (if they
did) they would find the aroma of Linda's juices all over the guy's cocks and
balls. Oh, well, that's not our problem. Linda and I had gotten our fun out of
it and it was obvious that Darren and Michael had more than a little fun too.
Now it was up to me to clean up.

After I saw the men out I returned to the bed and found Linda in a mumbling,
moaning heap. She was pretty well worn out. "I'm going to clean you up and then
we'll get you to bed," I said. I then rolled Linda over onto her back, spread
her thighs and prepared to eat her very sloppy twat.

"Nooooo," Linda begged. "Don't."

"Yes, my hot little wife. I'm going to eat your sloppy wet cunt. I'm going to
suck out the cum of those two black men that just fucked you. Then I am going
to fuck you again because I haven't had my turn yet."

I then placed my tongue down below her asshole and began to run it up the
length of her slit. There was even more cum there than I had imagined. As I ran
my tongue up and down her gash Linda began to moan softly. I quickly recovered
most of the cum that hadn't already dripped onto the bed and then I began to
plunge my tongue into her vagina. As I sucked more cum oozed out into my mouth.
The combination of the taste of the cum mixed with Linda's juices and my
recollection of how it had gotten there nearly made me cum as I worked.

Linda began to move as I ate. Each time my tongue touched her clit she pressed
against me. Finally I kept my tongue there rolling it around her clit; gently
at first and then more and more firmly. I didn't recall ever having seen her
clit this enlarged. It was obviously also very sensitive because she alternated
between saying "Yessss" and "No more". Then I sucked her clit between my teeth.

A few seconds of this was all Linda could take. Again her body went rigid as
she came. Then she quickly pulled away from me.

"Please, no more. I can't take anymore."

"Ok, sweetheart, but now I'm going to add my load to the many that have already
filled your hot cunt today."

I then mounted her and only took a minute or so to dump my load. Linda didn't
feel up to cleaning herself up so I helped her get under the covers.

"I love you sweetheart." I told her as I bent over and kissed her. I suddenly
realized that I hadn't kissed my wife all day. "I hope that you had a good time
today. I know I did. Sleep well."

"I love you too," she replied. "Yes, I did have fun but I can't believe the
things I did. I hope I don't regret it tomorrow."

She then instantly fell asleep. I could certainly understand her being tired.
This hot wife of mine had been fucked by five different men and had sucked two
more. She had taken seven loads of cum in her cunt and had swallowed four more.
I laughed to myself as I thought "Now she's surely had enough protein for the
day".

I quickly hung up our clothes and climbed into bed myself. As I fell asleep I
wondered what might lie ahead in our next day in St. Louis. I hoped that Linda
wouldn't be too sore or overcome with guilt to continue our adventure.

                               End  -  Chapter 6

