 

       In the summer of 1946 I was working at a  music  store  in
Milwaukee   where I had graduated from high school in '41.  I'd
re-established  contact   with two old friends from school days, Lloyd and
Janice  F.,  who  had  got married about a year after graduation. We got
together quite regularly after I came back to town and went pub crawling;
sometimes I would bring  a  date along but often as not just the three of
us would go out  on  the  town.  I thought I knew them pretty well, but one
night I  got  to  know  them  much better than before to my surprise and
delight.
     The F,s picked me up at the rooming house I was living at at about
8:30 one evening.  Lloyd  had mentioned when we set up the date that he and
Janice wanted to take  me  to the north side of town to see an interesting
act at one of the local clubs. When I asked what it  was all about he said,
"You'll see; I think you'll like it."  I  didn't  pursue the matter,
figuring he had something up his sleeve and I'd find  out what in due time.
         The act was introduced as "Miss Crimson Love"  and  was  a
statuesque  brunette who  went  into  a  strip  routine.  Beautiful  face
and  a  most voluptuous body. Lloyd and I were thoroughly turned on and the
odd thing, I noticed, was that so was Janice! We'd had several drinks
before  the  show but that gleam in her eyes was not all booze; no question
about that.  The dancer got down to bra and crotch patch (she was well
endowed  in the titty department) and, with a flourish on the drums and a
cymbal crash, finished with a bow all around. Then she dramatically swept
off the wig she was wearing and announced, in a deep baritone: "SURPRISE!"
"She"  was,  of course, a man.
         I'd never seen a female impersonator before and was really  amazed
at how completely I'd been fooled.  Lloyd  and  Janice  were  grinning  at
my  naivete but I was positive that they'd both got a kick out of the  act.
We had another drink and left the club. When we were in the car  Janice
said, "I feel like doing some more drinking. Why don't we all go  to  our
place? We've got plenty of booze." I had a hunch that something was afoot
here; just a feeling that this might turn out to be an even more interesting
night. "Good idea", I agreed.
         When we got settled in the living room Lloyd went to the  kitchen
and came back with glasses, an ice bucket and an almost full quart of
bourbon. We all had several stiff ones on the  rocks  discussing  the
performance.
    Finally Lloyd looked at Janice and said, "Well, let's liven up  the
party Shall I get the cards, Jan?" She gave us both  a  big  smile  and
nodded; Lloyd got a bridge deck out of a drawer in the end table.  "We
play  strip blackjack; it's faster than poker," he announced. "No sense
wasting  time," was Janice's comment; "Go ahead and deal, Lloyd".
I suddenly got a very warm feeling at  the  pit  of  my  stomach.  I'd
thought before, from time to time, that the F's were dropping hints  about
having sex lives of more than conventional interest; it looked now as if my
hunch was right and that they wanted me to join in the fun. I was more than
ready! The warm feeling spread to my groin as we picked up our cards.  "One
thing,"Lloyd told me; "we have the rule  that  when  the  first  one  gets
bare-assed the others get bare-assed too. Then we change the  stakes.  I'll
tell you how then." He looked at Janice."But Jan  only  strips  to  garter
belt and stockings. She looks great that way. OK" I nodded in eager assent;
I was a garter belt and hosiery freak from way back. We began playing.
         Within about 15 minutes Lloyd lost the final hand and pulled  off
his last item of clothing which was, of course, his shorts. I was down to
pants and shorts and Janice had lost everything but bra, panties and, to be
sure, her garter belt and hose. She and I wasted no time in  stripping  off
what remained.
         "Let's have another drink around before we go on with the game"
Janice said, and Lloyd poured out three on the  rocks.  They  looked  to
me like triples! Well, I thought, let's get good and loaded. We sat back
and drank, Lloyd and Janice on the couch and me in an easy chair. We  all
took  a  good look at each other; I sure liked what I saw and it was
obvious they did too.
         Janice was a tall gal, slender but beautifully put together with
fine firm tits, shapely long legs and a neat looking little bush of pussy
hair. I could just see the hood of her clitoris peeking out from the top
of  her slit. I'd seen her in her swim suit many times and  had  drooled
over  the marvelous curve of her ass. But, of course, she was "Lloyd's
girl" and  I'd never made a pass at her. Now here she was, in nothing but
garter belt  and stockings, giving my stiff cock the eye as she drank. Wow!
I was  so  horny my hand trembled as I raised the bourbon to my mouth. I
shifted my gaze  to Lloyd.
      He was about five feet nine or so (Janice was the same height) and
had a body that was the product of many hours spent  with  the  barbells.
He'd been a state champion in his weight class when he was in high school.
Right now  his rather thick 7 inches of circumcised cock was in full
erection  and I saw that he had a larger than average set of balls, really
a  big  sack. Neither of us had seen each other naked before; he was
giving  me  a  good once-over, too.  Janice, I noted, was dividing her
attention between Lloyd's prick and mine; she was obviously getting hornier
by the minute  and  began almost absent-mindedly playing with one of her
nipples.
     At this time of my life (I was 21)I was built fairly well. I  weighed
about 160, was five feet eleven and rather athletic looking, though  I  was
never a jock. My cock, now standing up stiff and strong, was about the same
length as Lloyd's, but was not as thick and so looked a bit longer than  it
really was. I was not circumcised and both the F's seemed to get a bang out
of that; only half an inch or  so  of  glans  peeked  out  from  under  the
foreskin.
     "How do you like that cock, Jan?" asked Lloyd.  "Ain't it a nice one?"
He took a pull at his booze.  Janice nodded and smiled  at us; "Makes my
pussy wet just to look at it"  she said.  Lloyd finished his  drink  and
said,"Drink up kiddies; the game goes  on!"  We  downed the  last  of  the
bourbon; I was getting pretty loaded and so, I  could see  were  the  F's.
Lloyd picked up the deck of cards and explained: "Now we just cut the deck;
high card gets the action and the  action is licks and sucks! OK?  Here  we
go."
     That announcement took my breath away for  a  few  seconds;  this was
going  to  be  a  real,  no-holds-barred party!  My  pecker  throbbed in
anticipation as we made our first cuts. Lloyd got the high  card. He looked
at me, then at Janice."Be sure to dig this action  good,  Jan." Then,  to
me:"She gets horny as hell watchin guys suck dick."  He  knelt between  my
legs, grasped my cock and went to work; Janice took it all in with an  avid
expression on her face.  Lloyd gave me about a thirty second workout and
then got up, went over to Jan whose legs spread wide as  he  knelt  between
  them. He  buried  his tongue in her cunt as she held his head down with
one hand and played  with one of her tits with the other. I found myself
slowly stroking my own cock. Lloyd had got me going all right.  About a
minute or so of this had Janice making little grunting  sounds of pleasure.
Lloyd got up then, picked up the deck and  handed  it  to  me, saying:"Cut
the cards! The game goes on."
       Janice got the action the next time and she gave  both  Lloyd  and
me some really expert cocksucking. My turn soon came and I found that I
really enjoyed using my mouth on both Lloyd and Janice. We were all three
reaching a terrific state of horniness with all this sucking  and  licking;
finally Lloyd lifted Janice's head (or was it mine? I don't  recall)  up
from  his prick and said:"Hold it! Getting too close to blowing my balls!
Let's  have another drink and cool off for a minute."
We settled back and he  mixed  up another trio of whoppers on  ice  and
handed  them  around.  "OK",  Janice announced, "down the hatch and then we
go into the bedroom! I'm  ready  for two cocks at once!" "I'll drink to
that" was Lloyd's rejoinder and I nodded eager agreement. We gulped the
booze and trooped into the bedroom.  Janice turned on the light:"I like to
see everything we do.  Hornier that way."
      She lay down in the middle of the king-sized bed  and  turned  on
her right side, facing me, while Lloyd tucked himself tight against her
back on the other side of the bed. She grinned and crooked  her  finger  at
me;  I stretched out next to her, face to face with her. He lifted  her
left  leg and slid his cock into her pussy while she pulled my head tightly
to  hers and began flicking her tongue in and out of my mouth  while  her
left  hand began slowly pumping my stiff prick. After a bit she took my
right hand and guided it between her legs;I could feel Lloyd'
s cock thrusting in  and  out of her wet cunt. "Can you feel us fucking?"
she asked; " do  you  feel  his cock going in up to his balls? Doesn't it
feel good?"
       I could hardly talk so I nodded and went back to trading  tongues
with her. She released my dick and reaching around my hips  slipped  her
finger into the cleft of my ass and began probing insistently at my
asshole.  Then I could feel my cock being pumped again. It was Lloyd's hand
now!
       "Stick your tongue out as far as you can; I want to suck  it!"
Janice hissed. "Does it feel good when I finger-fuck you in the ass?"
       "I love it! Do it faster!" was my breathy answer and  I  gave  her
as much tongue as I could; she nipped up and down on it with pursed lips.
Her pussy moved faster now, in perfect time with Lloyd's fucking.
     We were in silent motion  for  a  few  minutes  then.  Finally  Janice
released my tongue and said:"Now the other way around; you fuck me and play
with Lloyd's cock." She turned around on her  left  side  facing  Lloyd;  I
slipped my cock into her doggy style and she took my hand and placed  it  on
Lloyd's stiff pecker.  "Fuck me slow and deep" she told me. "Go in  to
your balls!" I began doing just that, fondling Lloyd's balls and slowly
pumping his cock which was slick with Janice's juices. My own balls were
beginning to show the first signs of getting ready to produce their load of
semen but I knew I could go on for some time yet. I wanted to; I wanted
this to last. I hoped we could all cum together; it could be done if we
timed it right. I could feel Lloyd's hand on Jan's pussy; his fingers  were
spread and  my dick slid between them as I fucked her.
     "Keep fucking, L.." she said, "and Lloyd, suck my tits now.  Suck 'em
good!" He complied instantly and I kept up my slow rhythm, all the  way  in
and almost all the way out, leaving just the head of my  cock  between  her
pussy lips. Then in  again  to  the balls,  then  out  again.  Slowly  but
steadily. "Oh Jeez, that's  good, that's  it,  keep  it  up...fuck  me!"
Janice's cunt was slippery with her juices; I had to be careful not to  let
my pecker slide out of her what with all the lubrication. At the same  time
I continued to stroke and slowly pump Lloyd's cock which remained  big  and
hard in my grasp. I could feel his fingers gently grasp and press my  balls
as my dick sank into Jan's wet cunt.
         Finally Janice moved her hips forward just as I  pulled  back  and
my dick came free. She lifted Lloyd's head from her tits and sat up; Lloyd
and I did the same. She was breathing fast and shallow now, almost panting.
She licked her lips and said: "Now I want to take both of  your  cocks  at
the same time. I want you both to go off in me. Lloyd, fuck me while I suck
L.. off. And give me all your cum, both of you! I love it in my  pussy  and
my mouth at the same time!"
          She looked at me; "Do you know  I  just  came two times with
Lloyd  fucking me and three times with you fucking me?" I shook my head,
amazed. "Sure," said Lloyd; "she goes off lots of times in a few minutes.
Hottest cunt I ever knew." Janice nodded and said " Lie on your back, L..."
I did and she was on  her  knees  over  my  stiff  prick  in  an  instant.
Lloyd immediately mounted her from behind as she grasped my cock and began
to lick and suck it.
       "Tell us if you're close to blowing  your  balls"  said  Lloyd  as
he pumped his cock  into  Janice;  "she  likes  to  have  us  shoot  our
loads together."
       "OK", I gasped; "not too long now!"
       He fucked  faster then  and Janice was taking my cock's full length
between her tight lips. I  knew  it was a matter of a minute or two before
my orgasm began.
       "I'm almost ready!" Lloyd exclaimed and I began pumping my hips as
Jan sucked me; faster and faster.
       "I'm cumming!"I almost shouted; I could feel the juice begin its
powerful surge. Janice's finger had been up my ass since she started
sucking me; now it moved in and out with real speed, increasing my
sensation enormously. She humped  her  hips  backwards  faster,  meeting
Lloyd's fucking cock's every stroke. Her lips  never  left  my  prick  as  I
literally fucked her mouth.
       Then the orgasm gripped me; I could feel my balls contract  and
shoot great spurts of cum up through my cock and into  Janice's  eagerly
sucking mouth. Again and again it came! Lloyd grunted and said"Take  it
Jan!  I'm shooting my load, baby! Here it is; take it all!" He rammed his
pecker  in and out of Janice like a trip hammer. With a few final thrusts
he  released the last of his cum deep into her cunt and I could feel my
spasms come to a shuddering end.  Still Janice didn't release my cock for
almost a minute.
       Finally Lloyd slipped out of her and I did the same; the three  of
us  lay back on the bed, spent but glowing with  the  satisfaction  of  a
powerful orgasmic experience.
       Finally Janice sighed  and  said:"God,  but that  was good! I came
four times! But the best was when you both shot off in me.  Oh,I LOVE it!"
To me: "You tasted so good!"
       After a while we had some more drinks and then did it all  over
again with Lloyd getting sucked and me doing the fucking. Janice was
as ready and responsive the second time as she was the first; she was  a
truly  amazing gal. This was the first experience of many I had  with  the
F's  over  the course of the next 20 years or so and many of them  were
far  more  exotic than that first one. But I remember it with great pleasure
now; it helped me tremendously in  resolving  my  essential  bisexuality
which  had  been  a troubling thing since it first became apparent to me in
1942.  But  that's material for another story at another time.
      Sad to say, the F's have been divorced now for some 15 years and
we've lost touch with Janice but I still see Lloyd every  now  and  then
and  he still manages to find gals who get turned on by two guys!
      Believe me, you can't beat friends like that!

