Archive-name: School/lngwknd1.txt
Archive-author: Destrad
Archive-title: Long Weekend, The


                               Chapter One

           The bell rang.  Half the class jumped to their feet, while
      the rest wrote franticly, in a vain attempt to answer that one
      last test question.  Then there was me.  Having finished fifteen
      minutes earlier, I was reading the final couple pages in the new
      Piers Anthony book I picked up the day before yesterday.  Loathe
      to put it down and knowing this was the last period before lunch,
      I spent another couple minutes and finished it.  So much for Mr.
      Friedman's history class, and so much for another book. Being a
      senior, I only had one more class after lunch, photography.  After
      that a four day weekend awaited. President's Day, or in this case
      days was the cause.  The school administration in their infinate
      wisdom decided to lump the two together.  A day off is of course a
      day off and I didn't mind. Not that I had any special plans,
      perhaps check out a couple used book stores, or work on
      programming the computer game I never seemed to finish. With my
      parents overseas on buisness for another couple weeks I could
      pretty much do as I pleased. All in all it was going to be just
      another boring weekend...little did I know.

           Reaching down, I shoved my recently finished paperback into
      an overflowing backpack.  With a little stretching and pulling I
      managed to zip it closed.  I stood up, and promptly managed to
      bump into one of those last to finish who were hurrying to lunch.
      Books and paper cascaded to the floor in a random fashion, while I
      tripped and landed flat on my face.  Looking up, I was exposed to
      an unexpected delight. Standing over my head at just the right
      angle was Heather Fergusson.  Heather was one of those wet dreams
      half the school had.  She had a perfect slim body with all the
      appropriate curves.  Her long blond hair came down to just below
      her waist accenting the rest of her figure.  As to her face, with
      all the makeup she usually wore, Heather managed to always have
      that sexy "I want it look".  The fact that her parents were filthy
      rich and had given her a BMW for her seventeenth birthday didn't
      hurt matters.  She also by popular acclaim was on the cheerleading
      team.  Didn't do to well in school, but then again most guys on
      the football team weren't doing that well either.

           Today she was wearing a just past belly button length loose
      fitting ruffled white blouse, a mid-thigh blue denim skirt, white
      socks, sandals, and lacy pink panties.  Oh yes definately those.
      From my undignified position on the floor I was able to look
      straight up at them.  Slowly my eyes had followed her long
      lithesome legs up until they reached there apex at them. Closer
      inspection showed the outline of her slit which was barely visible
      as a ridge down her pubis, and a few fuzzy hairs that were peeking
      out under the edges.  The color of which proved beyond a doubt
      that she was a "true" blonde.  More than slightly embarressed at
      the view I skooted back, only to reveal and even more enticeing
      one, as she leaned down to pick up her dropped books.  Her blouse
      had opened forward directly over my face, revealing the utter lack
      of a bra.  Naked to my sight were her fully formed breasts. While
      not huge they were amply endowed, and I traced their curves
      longingly.  Her pert little nipples were erect and sent a shiver
      down to my now raging hardon. The sight lasted but a second to be
      replaced suddenly by Heather's face. She had a definate smirk on
      as she said, "You better look were your going from now on," with a
      little too much emphasis on "look". Tongue-tied I barely managed
      to mumble a sorry being fairly much in shock. Seeing I was not
      going to be of any help she reached over me to pick up the rest of
      her papers. Her blouse again fell forward giving me an even better
      view of her naked bodice.  Her rounded breasts were absolutely
      perfect as they swayed with her every movement.  In total rapture
      I could but watch the show dumbly.  Having picked up her papers,
      she walked away a couple steps and turned back toward me. Bringing
      one hand up to her face she blew me a kiss then slowly and
      sensuously licked her lips.

           Heather spun on her heels and with a definate shake of the
      hips quickly left the classroom, leaving me in a dazed shock with
      a rather uncomfortable and even more embarrassing condition.
      Pulling myself up off the floor I noticed a small white envelope
      underneath my legs.  Figuring it must have dropped with the rest
      of Heather's papers I picked it up. Indeed it did say Heather on
      the outside, however, she was long gone.  Perhaps I could catch
      her at lunch to return it, then again considering the current
      condition of my dick when I saw her again in class on Tuesday
      would be soon enough. Kneeling down in front of my backpack to
      help cover my stiff member I unzipped the backpack's zipper again
      to deposit the letter. I also made a show of rearranging my
      schoolbooks to give certain portions of my anatomy a chance to
      cool off. When I was done I exited the classroom.

           After picking up my boxed lunch and exchanging books at my
      locker, I settled down for a long lunch.  I tried without much
      success to keep those brief and embarrassing images of Heather out
      of my mind as I ate.  Thoughts of her breasts and panties keep
      flitting in an out of my mind making it impossible to concentrate
      on another dull lunch. Finally I finished eating and opened my
      backpack in search of something to pass the last few minutes of
      lunch, and get my mind off Heather.  Unfortunately I had forgotten
      to bring a backup book and almost decided that I was out of luck.
      Then my eyes caught on the envelope.  What the hell I thought
      Heather will never remember where she lost it.  Making sure no one
      was looking in my direction, I brought it out and tore it open.  A
      faint wiff of feminine perfume crossed my nose as it came open.
      Inside was a folded piece of notebook paper.  Unfolding it
      revealed a few short lines of text and a map.  I began reading.


                Another four day weekend is upon us and my boring
           parents are out of town.  To celebrate I am having a
           slumber party!  You and the rest of the cheer squad are
           invited to a weekend of swimming, games and other
           amusements.  As last time swimsuits and nighties arn't
           needed!  My place after school Thursday.

                           See ya there!  Dominique.


           Just then the bell rang for sixth period.  I hurridly shoved
      the letter and envelope back into my backpack.  About this time I
      noticed my member was again erect.  With a little bit of
      maneuvering I managed to get to class without anyone noticing the
      bulge in my pants. Between images of Heathers luscious breasts and
      thoughts on the letter, I was out of it fantasizing what it would
      be like to see Heather and the rest of the cheerleading team
      totally in the buff. Luckily Mr. Mason hadn't much planned for the
      class and simply lectured on various outdoor photography
      techniques in preparation for next weeks lessons.

           Halfway through class I suddenly became much more intereseted
      in Mr Mason's lecture.  He had changed topics and was discussing
      photographing wildlife, and how sometimes it was very useful to
      remain hidden from your quarry so as not to spook it. Putting one
      and two and three together I came up with six or maybe a perfect
      ten.  This had definate possibilites.  While I had already seen
      Heather's naked breasts, I wouldn't mind seeing the rest of her.
      Not to mention that the rest of the cheerleading team was almost
      as beautiful.  Lets see there were Dominique, Beth, Christine,
      Sandra, Jennifer, Lisa and of course Heather.  As I went through
      each name I brought up imagined picture of them sans clothes.
      Assuming they all showed up that would be seven gorgeous girls
      naked maybe more. Definate possibilities here. And as Mr Mason
      says "One should always be ready to capture the moment."  Though
      this time cheating and using mom's camcorder with its telephoto
      lense setup would guarantee footages to last a lifetime. I still
      could of course take my 35mm camera for still shots.

           I almost missed the period ending bell being so deep in my
      plans.  However it woke me out of my reverie and I hurried out to
      my old Buick not bothering to stop back at my locker.  I had just
      remembered cheerleading was a seventh period class. Heather,
      Dominique and the others were stuck at school for at least another
      hour.  If I hurried I could get home, snatch the neccessary
      equipment and beat everyone to Dominique's place, which according
      to the map was up in the hills just a few short miles from where I
      lived.

--

