Copyright (c) 1997, Drake,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.




This story  is fictional  and of an  adult nature. Please don't
read this  if your offended  by pre-adult  sex or if your under
the age of 18.

I've been having some serious  problems with my e-mail but they
have  been  fixed  if you  want  me to  e-mail  you any  of the
stories, 1-4, that your missing then e-mail me.



                          Locked Out                           
             Story #4 in the Archman Family Series             


It was  three  weeks since  10 year old  Mike, his 16  year old
cousin, and  her 16 year  old friend, Carla, had first had sex.
After Mike's uncle and aunt returned from their trip everything
pretty much  returned to normal.  Mike, Linda (Mike's  cousin),
and Carla still had sex whenever Linda could get him out of the
house or when her parents weren't home.

Linda's  parents  had  been  invited  to a dinner by  her dad's
business partner.  She had been left to  watch Mike like usual,
which of course  she didn't mind.  Linda had been  really horny
that night and she was real thankful that her parents were out.
She couldn't wait to fuck her little cousin. She would of liked
to have had Carla  there but she hadn't  been able to reach her
lately.  She laid Mike down on the  couch and crawled on top of
him.  They began to make-out.

Suddenly the phone rang.  Linda was pissed, "Who the fuck could
that be!"  It was perfectly  normal for  someone to call around
that time but when your about to get laid you don't want to get
interrupted.

Linda jumped  up and walked  into the kitchen to get the phone.
Mike  couldn't  hear much  of what  Linda was  saying, probably
because he didn't care. His mind was off too, imagining all the
the things him and his  cousin could do.  He snapped out of his
day  dream when  Linda burst in  the room.  She looked  sort of
frantic with a sign of worry on her face.

"Mike, Carla's gotten herself into a little trouble.  I'm gonna
have to go and  help her out.  I can't take you  with me so I'm
gonna have to leave you here by yourself for a while. Stay put,
lock up  everything, and don't  let anyone in.  I'll be back as
soon as I can."  With those words Linda ran out the door.

Mike did as she instructed.  He locked up everything and turned
on the TV.  The door  bell rung.  Mike jumped  up nervously and
quickly turned  down the TV.  He walked over to the door slowly
and looked through the peep hole.

It was the girl from next door.  She was 12 years old wearing a
girl scout uniform.  She pushed  the door bell  again and stood
impatiently.  Mike decided she  posed no real threat and opened
the door.

"Ummm... Hi," she  said, "I just  got dropped  off by  my scout
leader and I've been locked out. My mom isn't at home right now
and she  gave Mrs. Archman  (she didn't changed  her name after
she had been married) an extra key."

"Sorry but I'm the only one home and I don't know where the key
is. I'm Mrs. Archman's nephew, Mike." Mike responded nervously.

"When will she be back?"

"I'm not  sure but it'll  be a  while."  Mike  remembered Linda
telling him not to let  anyone in but he thought that she would
not mind under  these circumstances.  "You could wait here till
they get back."

"Ok, thanks"

The girl, who Mike  knew to be  Jessica, walked in and sat down
on the floor in front of the TV. Mike turned the TV back up and
sat in the chair behind her.  Mike pretended to watch TV but he
never took his  eyes off of her.  She lied on her  stomach with
her knees bent upward. Mike couldn't help but notice that every
time she moved  her legs that her skirt got higher.  Eventually
most of her thighs were revealed.  Mike got an instant hard-on.
Mike  started  to get  uncomfortable in his chair and  tried to
position  himself so  that  his  hard-on was  less obvious.  He
stopped struggling  when he realized that  she couldn't see him
anyway.  She then  moved in a  way that  made her skirt
move halfway over the top of her panties. 

Mike tried to pay more attention on the TV and less on Jessica.
When he  settled a bit and  stared at the  TV he saw  Jessica's 
reflection staring  right back at him.  He felt a wave of heat,
triggered  by  embarrassment,  flow  over  him.  He started  to
breathe unevenly.  Mike started to  position  himself  again so
that his hard-on didn't show.

"Stop covering  it up," Jessica  said as she  turned around, "I
wanna see it."

Mike stopped  moving around and noticed  the front of Jessica's
panties were pulled against her cunt and were a little wet.  He
was really uncomfortable and was  relieved when he saw her move
closer. Jessica tried to move Mike's hands away from his crotch
but was met with resistance.

"I wanna see it, stop covering up." she said.

Jessica moved  Mike's hands  out of  the way  and unzipped  his
pants. She pulled his pants and underwear off. Mike sat in dis-
belief as Jessica dragged him onto the floor. She crawled up to
his cock and began stroking it.  Mike I held her  skirt up with
one hand and  held out the  rim of her panties  with the other.
He looked  down inside  the panties  to see  the smooth  little
mound.  He fingered  her little  slit as she  stroked his cock.
Jessica then removed her  clothes along with Mike's shirt.  She
started to rub her clit up and down his cock.  Soon the head of
his cock was pushing at the entrance to her hole.  She slid his
cock all the way inside of her.  Jessica moaned as a small gush
of blood came  from her fuck hole.  Jessica was extremely tight
but she had been  well lubricated  and Mike's cock  slid in and
out with ease.

"Uhn, uhn, UHN!"  The little  girl began moaning  louder as she
milked Mike of his semen.  She began sliding Mike's cock in and
out of her faster.  Her small pert breasts bounced as she moved
up and down, engulfing Mike's cock completely each time.  "Yes,
yes, YES!"  She started  to bounce  up and down uncontrollably.
In and out, up and down, Mike felt  the tension rising too.  He
knew he'd come soon.  He gripped her  hips and pulled  her down
harder  onto him.  Mike and Jessica  continued like  that for a
while feeling the tension rise.

Mike let  go of  Jessica and  pushed  her off.  He then crawled
over her.  Jessica looked furious,  "What are you... UH!"  Mike
drove  into her hard.  He grabbed her breasts and gently pulled
and pushed them with his thrusts. Jessica began moving her hips
with  Mike's thrusts.  The tension began to rise again and both
of the  kids began  working  harder.  Jessica  rapped  her legs
around Mike in  encouragement.  He pumped her  until finally it
got to be too much  for both of them.  Mike jerked  as his cock
released  big globs  of sperm  all the  way up  into  Jessica's
belly.  At the same time Jessica  let out a loud cry.  Her legs
unwrapped from around Mike.  The two laid there for a while.

While Jessica and Mike got dressed neither of them spoke. After
they had finished dressing,  the door bell rang.  Mike answered
the door and  found a thirty  year old woman.  Before either of
them could  say anything,  Jessica jumped out  of the house and
walked away. She got into a red car with the lady, who Mike now
figured to be her mother, and they drove drove off.

A few hours later Linda  got home with Carla.  The three got in
one good fuck before Linda's parents got home.  Our story comes
to an end.  Till next time.


Drake
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....