	THE LOCKER ROOM
		by Ann D

	I'm the woman you've been watching at the gym.
you don't think I've noticed you, but I have.  You've
watched me working out, watched me in the locker room. 
I've noticed your eyes on me, noticed you sneaking
glances.
	So what's the story lately? You always changed in
a private room, but lately I find you in the locker room at
the same time I am.  And what's this?  You're not going
into the private room. You're changing right here in front
of me!  Oh baby....don't you know what that does to me?
	Do you know?  Do you suspect? Do you realize
that I've had my eye on you too?  Oh sweetheart, you are
so beautiful.  I fantasize about you all the time.  Do you 
know that I want you?  Do you know that I crave a
beautiful woman's body, that I crave your body? Can you
tell? Do I show? Or am I just another invisible person to
you?
	It's been a long time since I've been with a
woman.  In my bed at night I've been with you over and
over....Soaking my nightclothes....soaking my
sheets....humping my blanket....humping you....your
fingers circling my clit, leasing my lips, coming with your
frantic rubbing.
	Can you possibly want me? Have you come in the
arms of another woman?  Are you showing yourself to
me?  Is that why you're  changing right here, in front of
me?  You've noticed me, haven't you?  You remove your
skier, your sweater.  Oh damn....no bra.  Such beautiful,
firm breasts.  Your nipples, they're hard.  Is it cold .... or
is it me?  Your camisole....hard nipples piercing the
fabric.  I want so badly to grab you.  Your slip, old
fashioned, so feminine.  And pantyhose, I love pantyhose. 
And no panties.  I can see your sex so clearly.  Do you
know what you're doing to me?  You're moving so slow,
stretching, watching yourself in the mirror.  You must be
doing it for me....Oh I wish you would touch yourself. 
Do you touch yourself?  Do you make love to your
beautiful body?  Would you make love to another
woman's body?  My body?
	Do you see me?  See my nipples getting hard.  Do
I dare?  Do I approach
 you?  Are you telling me you're available?  I'm standing
here in my bra and panties, looking at you, trying not to
stare.  Do you notice the lingerie?  The pink panties.  Can
you see that they're wet, that I'm creaming in my pants
looking at you and I can't help it.  I don't want to help it. 
I want you to take your finger and ever so gently rub it up
and down over my slit, press the wet fabric into the
lips....oh honey, I could come just my looking at you.
	I know, I know what I'll do.  I'll touch myself. 
Just grazing, lightly.  If I don't, I'll go crazy.  Oh, it 
feels
so good.  Your back is turned, I can see you.  Oh damn,
I'm so hot....I'm going to come baby, just looking at
you....touch me, I'm so wet....oh...oh...Here's looking
at YOU kid....I gasp, I can't help myself....You turn
 your head....My fingers are still over the crotch of my
panties....Do you want me honey?  Don't run away....no
one else is aware of what's happened.  We're the only
ones here.  I'm naked in front of you....what can I
say....How will you react?
	I wait....I don't move.  Just my finger, still
pressing, in my crotch.  I'm frozen. You're looking at
me....in a funny way.  Your eyes are burning into me....I
feel so ashamed.  You turn, facing me.  It's so quiet....it
feels like an hour, but it's only a moment....but....you
smile.
	You smile!  What's it mean?  Don't laugh at me. 
But no, it's not that kind of smile.  It's
comprehension....you understand!  You run your hands
up and down your own  body.  You are smiling
seductively at me.  You lift your slip and press both hands
into the crotch of your pantyhose, pushing your crotch out
at me.  You are fascinated by my stare....you are
exposing yourself to me.  Can this be real?  My fantasy
come to life?  I press my fingers deeper into my slit and
feel a fresh flood of my sweet, warm, syrup run into the
crotch of my panties.  I can't help staring at you...my
heat builds again immediately and once more my body is
shook by a powerful orgasm.
	I think, honey, that this is going to be the
beginning of a beautiful friendship................

END
