       From: The Geneva Convention Adult BBS 812-284-1321 1200-2400


                                - THE LOCKSMITH -

 Not only was it hot, but the fucking humidity was so high that the slight
breeze didn't dry his skin either. Fucking air conditioner had the condenser
shot, or something. It was always something.
 Damn thing had quit late in the afternoon and he couldn't get it fixed until
the repairman looked at it in Monday morning. And it was only Saturday night
now.
 Norman knew about keys, and locks, and deadbolts. His father had let him work
in the locksmith's shop since he was about six years old, teaching and guiding
his son.
 By the time Norm was in high school, he was making service calls, re-keying
locks, replacing tumblers.
 When his dad died, a short six months after his mom, Norm had taken over the
locksmith shop.
 He'd married his high school sweetheart, the bitch.
 She was never satisfied, always wanted something more for the house. And she
was ashamed that he was a locksmith. She really felt that she should have
married someone of a higher calibre.
 Never mind that he'd done well, now owned three shops, one in the north end,
one south, and one on Miami Beach, and had just started a new shop in Kendall.
 She still wasn't satisfied.
 He'd slowly, over the years, renovated the big old two-story house until it
was a showplace inside.
 Still, she wasn't satisfied, and Norm, to keep away from her, had turned a
large room on the upper floor, into a gym.
 He'd been working out in the second floor room of his house, pumping on the
small weights, getting the sweat working (no pain - no gain), thinking about
his wife again.
 The bitch had just about quit fucking, wasn't interested anymore, and always
either had a fucking headache or was on her period or something. He'd tried to
pat her rounded ass this morning as she was frying up a couple eggs at the
stove for his breakfast, and she'd moved away from his patting hand and slipped
him an annoyed look.
 "Don't. I'm cooking. Can't you see I'm busy, Norman?"
 The anger in her voice had turned him off. She was always angry lately.
 She really was a sexy looking bitch, in a sullen kind of way, but after the
first few passionate years of their mariage, she'd slowed down in the sex
department. But now she'd stopped fucking - quit - end.
 It had all started when he'd gotten caught kissing Christy, the wife of the
auto salesman next door, at a birthday party a month ago for Al's wife,
Christy. Christy was a sexy cunt, and Al, her husband, was a heavy drinking
party type who'd invited them over for his wife's birthday on a Saturday night.
There had been several other people there too, and Norm had followed her into
the kitchen.
 She'd stuck her tongue in his mouth when he'd given her a birthday kiss when
he and his wife had come in the front door. Norm knew, or thought he'd known
that she was a hot bitch when he felt her tongue slither into his mouth.
 His cock had warmed up and swelled while she had slowly french kissed him,
right in front of his wife and her husband.
 Norm had followed her into the kitchen later, and had patted her ass as she
was trying to get some glasses from a high shelf in the cupboard. Her sleek
ass, rounded under the slick material of her dress, had turned him on even
more, and he'd patted the firm globes.
 She'd turned her head, smiled at him, and wiggled.
 "Like that, don't you?" she'd giggled at him.
 "Love it!"
 "If you loved it, you'd lick it!" She'd wiggled away from his patting hand,
but when he'd stepped back, she'd moved to him and looking up into his eyes,
grinning at him.
 "Take it easy neighbor. It's early, and even though I'm really in the mood, my
husband and your wife are in the next room. Slow down!"
 "Just being neighborly."
 Norm had grinned back at her.
 "I'll bet just how neighborly you'd like to get!" Christy answered him, then
had thrown her arms around his neck and given him another kiss with her hot
slithering tongue thrusting around his.
 Just as he was really feeling the globes of her ass, she pulled free, grinned
at him and took the glasses back to the bar in the den. Norm following, his
cock throbbing hard.
 Gathered at the small bar, Norm had had a couple of drinks during the early
evening, and had noticed Al pouring the scotch's down. Al getting louder, the
jokes getting more raunchy. Al, paying a lot of attention to Norm's wife,
putting an arm around her, whispering in her ear sometimes, and Norm's wife
giggling pushing him away playfully, but her eyes were bright and her face was
smiling at the raunchy jokes.
 Norm could see Al's arm around her, fingers resting under her breast, slowly
kneading, sneaking a feel. Lot of good it was going to do him, Norm smiled to
himself. She looked hot and sexy, but looks weren't everything. She'd turned
into a cold fish.
 Norm had a fresh ice cube in his highball, and had settled down on the couch,
listening to the conversation, when Christy had crocked her finger at him from
across the room, then putting the same finger to her pursed lips, had indicated
that he keep quiet, and come to her.
 He's set the glass down, and quietly moved around the standing guests, moving
to follow Christy down the hall. Norm had caught up with her outside the
bathroom in the dark hallway.
 "You want something?" His voice low.
 "I just wanted to tell you that when you're working on your weights at night
with the lights on, sometimes I watch you from our window in the dark."
 "You do?"
 "Yes, and as a birthday present, next time you work out, can you work nude
instead of wearing those shorts?"
 "You want me to take off my shorts while you watch me?" His voice almost
cracking.
 "You'll never be sure if I'm watching or not, my lights will be off. Will you
do it for me?"
 "Sure, if that's what you want."
 She'd thrown her arms around his neck, grinding her body against his, her tits
putting the points of her nipples into his chest, his arms around her,
squeezing her ass, pulling her hips up against his groin, when his wife had
tapped him on the shoulder.
 "That's enough! Don't you think?" Her voice angry.
 She's stalked off, back into the living room, leaving the two of them.
 "Whoops, I think you fucked-up!" Christy giggled at him, turning and entering
the bathroom, closing the door, and he heard the lock click.
 "Fuck her, she'll get over it!"
 His voice soft against the door, fingers testing the knob to find it locked.
 Stupid, locking the door against a locksmith.
 Pulling his key ring from his pants, he selected a slim metal strip of a key,
inserted it into the hole in the center of the bathroom door, turning it
slowly, feeling the lock unlatch. He'd eased the door open, seeing her standing
at the wash basin, putting on lipstick, and he'd moved inside.
 Christy had grinned at him.
 "I didn't think that lock would stop you, did you come in to watch me pee?"
 "No, I came in because I need to pee."
 "Go ahead, don't let me stop you. Need a hand?"
 "Please."
 He'd opened his fly, pulling his semi-hard dick out, standing in front of the
bowl.
 "Want to aim it?"
 "I don't think so, I've never been too interested in the water sports."
 "Hell Christy, this isn't water sports, it's just giving a friend a hand."
 Christy had grinned at him, giggled and then taken his roll in her hand,
pulling slightly until he was all the way out.
 The feel of her warm hand on his cock was fantastic! Christy moving the soft
skin back from the bulbous head.
 "Alright, here I go."
 He'd started pissing, the hot stream splashing in the bowl as she grew even
more adventuresome, moving the tip in circles, watching his liquid hit the
water in the bowl.
 That's when the unlocked door had opened, and his wife was standing there,
with Al behind her, watching Christy holding his cock in her hand while he
pissed.
 That had really started all the trouble between himself and his wife.
 Now she was making him suffer, and wasn't letting up at all.
 They hadn't made it once since then, and she'd been stiff and
 unresponsive to him.
 If it hadn't been for the little cunt he'd had while he was installing locks
on the glass doors last week, he'd have had no pussy at all since before the
party.
 That was a good fuck. The lady had tormented him with her body, letting him
see her both in a bathing suit, and nude, and then he'd fucked and sucked her.
 If he didn't start getting some pussy pretty soon, he was going to go back and
fuck her again.
 He'd have to look up her name and address again in the receipts, maybe give
her a call and tell her that he needed to inspect her locks again, and see what
she'd say.
 His mind had drifted while he continued counting to one hundred, curling the
small weights, feeling the sweat starting to trickle into his eyes, past his
head-band.
 Thinking about Christy, he wondered if she really had watched
 him work out.
 His wife never came into the room while he was working out. She said she
didn't like the smell here. Prissy bitch.
 He always closed the door when he worked out. Glancing at it now, he wondered
if he ought to take off his shorts and work out nude, like Christy had asked
him to.
 He moved to the window, looking at the house next door. The lights were on in
the living room, but the upstairs windows were dark and he couldn't see inside
the upper rooms. Standing close to the window, peering down at his neighbors
patio, he caught a shadow. Al was bringing a drink from the bar, and Christy's
bare leg was in view, sitting at the table on a stool. Norm couldn't see any
more of her, but he could hear through his open window.
 Al's speech was slurred, and while Norm idly continued pumping the small
weight in his right hand, Christy's voice carried to his window.
 "Go on and get some sleep, I'll be up later."
 Al had moved out of his vision and the upstairs bedroom light at the corner of
the house had illuminated moments later. Norm put the weight down, moved to the
hallway, opening their bedroom door quietly, glancing in, seeing his wife's
nude body lying on top of the sheet, trying to sleep in the heat. Sexy bitch,
all tousled from the heat.
 Norm lightly ran down the steps, out the back door, standing on the cement,
had lit a cigarette.
 "Hi neighbor." Christy's low voice from over the fence.
 "Hi Christy, where's Al?"
 "Drunk, going to bed. What are you doing out here this time of night, where's
your wife?"
 "Sleeping. I'm just going to work out another half hour or so, and then I'm
off to bed." Trailing the bait, seeing if she was still interested.
 "Maybe I'll watch tonight!" She was interested. "Are you going to make it
worthwhile watching and take off your
 shorts?"
 "I will if you will."
 "Deal! See you in the upstairs." She'd grabbed her glass from the table and
went back inside her house, and Norm flipped the butt away and re-entered his
back door.
 He'd slipped off his shorts, leaving his head-band in place, closed the door
to his room and picked up the hand squeezers, springs clutching in his grasp,
corded muscles standing out on his forearms as he rhymically squeezed, standing
naked square in front of the window, watching the darkened window next door,
only feet from him.
 Was she there watching? He couldn't see anything of her.
 There was only a bit of light from the hallway into her room, and she was not
visible to Norm's scan.
 Where was she?
 He worked out slowly, watching, trying to make out her form behind the glass
of her window, to no avail. Waiting to see if she was watching him.
 The time went slowly, attempting to get some sign behind the dark window that
she was there.
 Norm, moved away from his window, trying to draw her forward into the dim
light spilling from his window.
 Finally, pissed that he couldn't see her, he moved to his side, and then
opening the door, snuck down the hallway to their dark guest room, going to the
window looking out at an angle to see if he could see her from this dark room.
 No luck in the facing room, but his eyes were caught by a movement in his
neighbor's bedroom.
 Christy was giving her husband a blow job, lights on, blazing, drapes drawn
wide open, the room bathed in light as she crouched over her husband Al,
sucking at the roll between his thighs.
 Norm knew she was putting a show on for him, and his cock rose level with the
window sill, watching her attempting to harden her husband's meaty cock.
 Too much to drink again, his flacid dick lolled around in her hand, the end
drooping over her closed fist, dangling.
 Norm moved closer to the window, watching her glance over the soft meat in her
hand at his room, knowing that she was attempting to see him watching her, but
aware now how difficult it was to see him standing behind a dark window.
Christy moved to the near side of the bed, presenting her rounded ass to Norm,
crouched over her husband's supine body, wriggling the rounded globes of her
soft ass at the window.
 Norm could see the dark blonde hair between her thighs, the puffy lips of her
pussy softly nestled there, and the pink inner lips parting slightly to show a
coral hued band of swelling flesh.
 Her long hair brushing over her husband's belly as she attempted to suck him
to an erect state.
 Finally, giving up her task, Christy, stood away from the bed, and her passed
out husband, standing full in the light and nodding at his form against the
blackness of the dark
 window.
 Not really knowing if he'd been watching her or not.
 Christy left the bedroom, turning out the lights as she departed.
 Norm hurried, hard cock swinging from side to side, back into his workout
room, closing the door behind him, to see the lights in the opposite room
illuminate the inside.
 Christy standing to the window, looking straight at him. Norm moved closer,
his dick, hard and pounding, pressed the wet tip against the window, smearing a
drop of slippery honey against the cool glass, staring at Christy's naked body
in lust.
 Her fingers dipped into her thighs, moving over the curls, dipping into the
sweet wetness of her pussy, then gathering a bit of her female juices, drew a
straight line of wetness on the glass from inside her room.
 Norm's cock pounded, the tip wetter now, a line of veins standing out from the
corded shaft as he grasped his cock, pumping slowly, watching Christy playing
with herself, for him.
 His hardened cock, rapidly stroked, drooled more of the slippery juice to the
window, while Christy's fingers toyed with her visible clitoris, her other hand
moving over her breast, peaking the nipple, fondling the quivering flesh.
 Norm felt his balls tighten, drawing up to the base of his cock, knowing he
was about to spurt his sperm as he watched Christy put on a masturbation show
for him.
 The firey liquid spurted, out the slitted tip, globs catching and clinging to
the middle of the window, running down in streams as his torrent of sperm
caught and held to the cold glass while his eyes were fastened to the junction
between Christy's thighs.
 Her fingers, slippery and wet, glinted in the light as she moved them rapidly
over her clit, then sagging as her orgasm shuddered her body, moving her
breasts in quivers.
 Norm's prick erupted again, more of his hot sperm clinging to the window,
until the force of his ejactulation gone, his cock drooled the last thin stream
straight down, to the floor.
 Grabbing his shorts, Norm wiped the sticky sperm from his cock, tossing his
shorts into the corner for washing later. Raising his eyes back to the window,
he saw the lights go out.
 His voyeurs stint over.
 Norm, still breathing heavily, crawled on top of the sheets in his bed,
staying away from his wife's body, turning over to lie on his side, still
thinking about Christy, her body, and the show she'd made for both of them.
 Eyes closed, thinking about tomorrow night, and about how to get Christy alone
so he could fuck her.
 His cock slowly began filling again, lying hard against his belly as he
drifted off into sleep.
