LOCKER ROOM                                            01-28-1987                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
It  had been unreasonably cold.  My cheeks were red,  my eyebrows                                                                   
bushed  with snowflakes and my lips passed a few last  whisps  of                                                                   
steam  as I entered through that all too familiar door.   The air                                                                   
inside was welcoming and warm.                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
A very distinctive odour activated my nostrils.  I could feel the                                                                   
air in my lungs as I cringed to examine the scent further. Not an                                                                   
entirely unpleasant one,  but there were traces of a rather harsh                                                                   
odour. As I walked down the stairs approaching the main desk, the                                                                   
odour grew. Mmmmmm. I know what it is. Almost too well.                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
Finally, I reached the main desk, but it seemed as if I had taken                                                                   
a  thousand  steps to get there.  I was still in a trance  having                                                                   
floated  there  on  the rising  streams  of  vapour.  The  vapour                                                                   
emanating from behind that big blue door in back of the desk.                                                                       
                                                                                                                                    
Each  time the door opened,  I craned to see inside.  My  efforts                                                                   
were in vain however.  The architect of this place must have been                                                                   
very homophobic,  I was sure. The hallway immediately inside that                                                                   
door  turned  to  the  left  sharply  preventing  even  the  most                                                                   
ambitious glances.  It sure pissed me off.  The only reason I was                                                                   
there was to partake of the scenery, shall we say.                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                    
A few minutes had passed. The line up of jocks at the desk was an                                                                   
unusually long one today,  but I had finally arrived at the front                                                                   
of  the line.  The guy on the desk wasn't all that great looking.                                                                   
His manners were atrocious and he smelled a bit.  At that point I                                                                   
was definitely hoping for more of a show inside.                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
He  took  my activity card and as I rushed forward  grabbing  the                                                                   
towel and sweat band that he shoved at me somewhat  aggressively.                                                                   
Maybe he suspected that I wasn't quite the average patron.  I had                                                                   
made an extra conscious effort to keep my eyes stationary, though                                                                   
I  can  recall letting them wander once or twice.  It  was  quite                                                                   
possible  he had noticed what I was looking at.  Guess that  I'll                                                                   
have to be a bit more careful!                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
Now.  At  last.  I had done it.  Grabbing the somewhat precarious                                                                   
handle,  I tugged to reveal that homophobic  hallway.  Well,  Mr.                                                                   
Architect,  just  you try and stop me now.  There wasn't anything                                                                   
that could stop me at that point.  I was as determined as ever to                                                                   
get what I wanted. Scope up!                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
Turning  left  and  then  right and then  left  in  that  endless                                                                   
passage,  I had finally entered the LOCKER ROOM. "Men only", said                                                                   
a  sign posted above the first bank of lockers.  I'm sure that  I                                                                   
was  laughing out loud at this point.  Straight men are  so  much                                                                   
fun.  If only they knew what went on in my mind at that moment. I                                                                   
could just imagine the screams and horror stricken faces.                                                                           

Where  is everyone?  There must be someone in here.  There has to                                                                   
be. Oh!, the disappointment of it all.                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
The air in there was so warm and moist.  The odour I had followed                                                                   
to the desk resumed.  I began to enter that trance again,  honing                                                                   
every  drop of my consciousness on the one thing that I  had  set                                                                   
out the get. Voices sounded somewhere ahead in the mist. At first                                                                   
just  gruff  rumblings  of  male voices and then  a  few  playful                                                                   
shouts.                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
Jocks  are  always playing with each  other  like  that.  There's                                                                   
nothing in my mind that could have been more of a turn on at that                                                                   
point.  I had always wanted to have been involved in one of those                                                                   
towel  fights in the LOCKER ROOM but had never actually seen  one                                                                   
in  progress.  Just a few more steps forward and I would be right                                                                   
in the middle of one.                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                    
"Hey!", I yelled, as a soggy towel hit me right in the face.                                                                        
"Sorry, guy", came the response, "That one got away on me!"                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
He collected his property from my face and turned to walk back to                                                                   
the  game.  I  couldn't  help but stare at his  ass.  It  was  so                                                                   
perfect - well rounded and very firm.  He must have been a dancer                                                                   
or  something like that.  His muscles were very well  defined.  I                                                                   
kept  walking  though,  my  neck turning as I  strained  to  stay                                                                   
focussed  on  that  male  form now fading into  the  mist.  So  I                                                                   
continued  on,  hoping  that  the  way ahead  would  be  just  as                                                                   
intimate.                                                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
There  was an empty locker and I piled my stuff into  it.  Taking                                                                   
off my winter coat and boots allowed my skin to come into contact                                                                   
with  the nectar that filled the room.  It somehow made  me  feel                                                                   
strong. I drew strength from the very air.                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                    
It  was  silly really,  but after all that effort of  getting  in                                                                   
there  and  getting my stuff stowed,  I hadn't even  noticed  the                                                                   
tanned  form off to my right.  He was just finishing his  workout                                                                   
and  was  still a bit wet after his shower.  Guess I had  arrived                                                                   
just at the right moment for a second later and I would not  have                                                                   
seen him rush to pull up his underwear. He had definitely noticed                                                                   
my presence.                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
The  one thing that had always bothered me about  meeting  people                                                                   
was the incredible game playing that always went on.  You have to                                                                   
make  sure that you let him know that you are interested but  not                                                                   
necessarily that you are a fag. It was a game that I was becoming                                                                   
quite used to and in fact,  this time, I was determined to win at                                                                   
it.                                                                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                    
Trying  to  show him that I was not the least  bit  uncomfortable                                                                   
with  his  presence,  I  unzipped  my pants  and  slid  them  off                                                                   
casually.  By this time he was more or less clothed but his shirt                                                                   
was still unbuttoned and I took the opportunity to scrutinize his                                                                   
very large and well formed chest.                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
He was not hairy at all and so I could see the detail almost down                                                                   
to  his pores.  His flesh was dark like he had just returned from                                                                   
somewhere  down  south and the texture of  his  rippling  muscles                                                                   
showed though quite easily. I wanted to kiss him.                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
Continuing,  I removed my T-shirt.  I made absolutely sure that I                                                                   
took my time here.  As I pulled it over my head, I was facing him                                                                   
and  noticed a very definite sideways glance.  I pretended not to                                                                   
notice,  but could hardly control the rising heart beat, that was                                                                   
now trying to get into my throat.                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
When the shirt was off,  I threw it into my locker and tried very                                                                   
hard  to put an inviting smile on my lips.  I wanted so  much  to                                                                   
talk to him but I couldn't think about what. Maybe he would think                                                                   
me  weird  or something,  especially if I asked a  really  stupid                                                                   
thing.                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
The  air had started to cool considerably as guys finished  their                                                                   
showers. With my shirt and pants off, I was starting to get a bit                                                                   
chilled by the vapour evaporating from my skin. It gave me goose-                                                                   
bumps.                                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
"A little cool?", came a voice off to my right.                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
It was him.  He must have noticed my goose-bumps.  Isn't nature a                                                                   
wonderful  thing when it comes to breaking the  ice?  Well,  this                                                                   
time I was glad.                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah!",  I mummbled rather suprisedly,  "But it's definitely not                                                                   
as cold in here as it is outside today."                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
"This  place is pretty busy today.  Hope you can get a good  work                                                                   
out with this crowd."                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                    
"Well,  I am sure as hell gonna try,  though I guess I'll have to                                                                   
warm up a bit first!"                                                                                                               

By  now,  I was ready to put my shorts on.  I had them in my hand                                                                   
and  I grabbed at the front band of my underwear.  He  was  still                                                                   
looking,  possibly  hoping  for  more conversation  and  possibly                                                                   
hoping to see just what I had!  I wasn't about to pause.  He  may                                                                   
have  guessed  by  that that I might have been  somewhat  nervous                                                                   
about my nudity.  I just pulled them off and threw them into  the                                                                   
locker.                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
Tugging at the waistband on my shorts,  I managed to pull them on                                                                   
quite  easily and just in time.  All the attention I was  getting                                                                   
was  starting to get me a little more than excited.  In fact,  as                                                                   
the waistband reached its mark,  I was fully erect.  There was no                                                                   
way in hell that I could have hidden anything now. My shorts were                                                                   
somewhat revealing to begin with.                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
He  was  still  looking at me although he tried to  make  sure  I                                                                   
thought he was just getting his stuff together.  I could see  his                                                                   
head  cocking  back and forth between his gym bag and his  locker                                                                   
but  he  was taking such a long time that I felt  he  was  hoping                                                                   
desperately for more contact.                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                    
"Do you work-out here much?",  I posed,  trying to give him a toe                                                                   
hold on me.                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah.  I  usually  come here for an hour or so after class  each                                                                   
day. Haven't seen you around here before though."                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
"No.  I'm new this term",  I added,  "but,  I hope that I can get                                                                   
some time in here every day after class."                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
"Oh.  Maybe I'll bump into you again sometime then. We could have                                                                   
a good work-out!"                                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
At this point,  the conversation had made me considerably  horny.                                                                   
There  was  no way I was going to let him leave without at  least                                                                   
getting  his name or making a date to meet the following day  for                                                                   
the "work-out".                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah.  Well,  if you can keep up to me, that is", chuckling as I                                                                   
turned to face him head on. There was no way he could have missed                                                                   
my excited stance.                                                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                    
"Hmmmm.", he murmured, "Looks like that 'work-out' may come a bit                                                                   
sooner than I expected."                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
He  put a hand at my shoulder.  I felt it reach me and grabbed it                                                                   
with a hand of my own. I didn't want to attract any attention, so                                                                   
I played the situation real cool.                                                                                                   
                                                                                                                                    
"My name's Steve, what's yours?"                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
"Scott",  was  the reply.  "You know,  it is quite  crowded  here                                                                   
today.  Why don't you forget it.  I can think of something that's                                                                   
even better for building muscle tone, if you know what I mean?"                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
"Well. I am already changed! But..." He cut me off.                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                    
"Come  on.  You'd rather work-out here?  Ok...I'll see you around                                                                   
then!", he uttered in a somewhat disapproving tone.                                                                                 
                                                                                                                                    
There was no time. He had started to motion away from me.                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
"Wait...",  I shouted,  almost in hysterics,  "I'd like very much                                                                   
to...join you."                                                                                                                     
                                                                                                                                    
"Great! I'll wait here then while you change."                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
My shorts slipped off even easier than they had been put on.  Oh!                                                                   
No wonder.  He was sort of helping me.  Right there in the middle                                                                   
of the LOCKER ROOM.  His hands were so strong.  There was no part                                                                   
of my body that I wouldn't let them touch.  And,  as I soon found                                                                   
out, it was intention to touch all of them.                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
"Mmmmmmmm",  he gurgled,  the saliva welling up inside his mouth.                                                                   
"I can't wait to have a piece of this! New meat!!"                                                                                  
                                                                                                                                    
"Hey! Cool it Scott!". I was getting a bit uncomfortable with his                                                                   
openness.  "This is the middle of the friggin' LOCKER  ROOM.  You                                                                   
can't do stuff like that in here! You'll get beat up!"                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
"Beat  up by who?  I'm not afraid of any of these  guys!  They're                                                                   
just  a  bunch of pussies.  Besides,  most of them know  I'm  gay                                                                   
anyway.  They don't even care,  though I think I make some of 'em                                                                   
nervous when we're in here! Ha!"                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
"They  know?  And  they don't ever do anything about it?"  I  was                                                                   
really amazed at that bit of information.                                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
"Na. Are you kidding? Anyway, I'm on the football team and I know                                                                   
quite  a  few choice pieces of gossip about the other  guys  too.                                                                   
They aren't all as straight as they look!"                                                                                          

That fact shocked me just as much,  if not more. Hey! I was about                                                                   
to  go out with someone on the football team!  Hot damn.  A  real                                                                   
man!                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                    
My  pace  quickened as I put the last of my clothes on,  then  my                                                                   
boots and coat.  I was anxious to get back to his place and  'get                                                                   
it on'. But, no sooner than I had zipped my coat up and had taken                                                                   
a motion forward, he was grabbing at my arm and rushing ahead. He                                                                   
was strong!                                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
We were soon in his car and on our way.  I sat there silently. My                                                                   
eyes  covered every inch of that gorgeous tanned face.  His  lips                                                                   
were  full and as I thought of what they would feel like on mine,                                                                   
they were there.  I peered deep into his eyes as our lips met. My                                                                   
level of excitement rose even more.  I felt the blood rushing  to                                                                   
my crotch. I glanced down, something that didn't go unnoticed.                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
"Horny?",  he  asked,  his  lips curling slightly at  the  edges,                                                                   
enough to reveal a perfect set of teeth.                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
"Yeah.  Can  you drive faster?  If not,  I'm gonna have you right                                                                   
here!!"                                                                                                                             

"Well. I can't promise anything Steve! They do have a speed limit                                                                   
in this province and I am doing another 10 km/hr on top of  that.                                                                   
You wouldn't want me to get a ticket would you? I'm just as horny                                                                   
as you are too!"                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
"Guess I'll just have to loosen that belt of yours then!"                                                                           
                                                                                                                                    
Before I had finished my sentence,  I was already grabbing at the                                                                   
leather and pulling to release the buckle.  It moved freely,  and                                                                   
seconds  later,  his  zipper was down and his jeans pulled  aside                                                                   
revealing  a  large  wet spot on his underwear  and  a  throbbing                                                                   
buldge inside.                                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
"Hey! Someone IS horny!"                                                                                                            
                                                                                                                                    
The  waistband  of his underwear was straining to adhere  to  his                                                                   
body.  I was not helping it any.  In fact,  a gentle tug made  it                                                                   
give  way easily and his cock sprung out almost hitting me in the                                                                   
face.                                                                                                                               
                                                                                                                                    
"This  looks inviting.  Mind if I have a snack before we  get  to                                                                   
your place?"                                                                                                                        

The answer wasn't important. I was determined to have some anyway                                                                   
and  no more than a few seconds had gone by before he was deep in                                                                   
my throat.  I hummed a little,  making sure he felt it. He lifted                                                                   
slightly from his seat and moaned consentingly.  I bobbed my head                                                                   
and made my tongue work along its entire length.                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
As I sucked, trying to get the first drops of pre-cum, I felt the                                                                   
speed of the car growing.  I was obviously exciting him abit  too                                                                   
much becasue he had diverted some if not all of his concentration                                                                   
from  his  driving to the warm,  wet sensation of my mouth  going                                                                   
down on him.                                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
He  started to get wet.  I quickened my pace until I was  bobbing                                                                   
with  such magnitude that he left my mouth every time  I  reached                                                                   
his tip. I worked a hand around my seat belt and lodged it firmly                                                                   
under his crotch.  This was obviously a sensitive area for him as                                                                   
his  sudden release of groaning indicated.  I continued,  knowing                                                                   
now  that  I  had found his vulnerable spot.  He  would  soon  be                                                                   
orgasming deep in my throat. There was no escaping now.                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
My fingers worked their way into his tightening jeans and  around                                                                   
to  that  sensitive target beneath.  I worked a finger loose  and                                                                   
massaged his hole. It was wet, very wet, and it wasn't long before                                                                   
my  finger was entering him.  I shoved the entire length  in  and                                                                   
pulled  it  out  slowly,  making sure to hit  the  all  important                                                                   
prostate with every thrust.                                                                                                         
                                                                                                                                    
The action up front hadn't stopped either, only now, he had taken                                                                   
a  hand  from  the wheel and placed it atop my  head  and  shoved                                                                   
excitedly  with every advance I made.  I could feel the warmth of                                                                   
his balls rising in my face and the odour of his manhood greeting                                                                   
my nostrils.  I was getting hard myself.  I thought that I  might                                                                   
cum  soon,  even sooner than I could get him too.  He was so good                                                                   
looking and muscular.  The perfect fantasy man,  and I was  going                                                                   
down on him and enjoying ever drop I sucked from him.                                                                               
                                                                                                                                    
Before  I had time to think,  my tongue was going crazy,  eyelids                                                                   
convulsing and a cold sweat running down my spine.  He was almost                                                                   
jumping from the seat. I felt him coming up to meet me every time                                                                   
I  pulled along his throbbing cock.  One last push forward and  I                                                                   
felt a spasm of hot juice enter deep within. I was cuming too. My                                                                   
pants  were  full and I felt the warmth of it oozing up  into  my                                                                   
shirt. He was still coming when I had finished. I kept going down                                                                   
on him and sucked even harder making the sensation last until  he                                                                   
could no longer maintain orgasm.                                                                                                    

His  hand fell from my head and the car jerked as the brakes went                                                                   
on hard. His cock was ripped violently from my mouth and I sat up                                                                   
quickly to see what was the matter. He shivered in his seat.                                                                        
                                                                                                                                    
"I don't think I can drive anymore",  he uttered,  in a  somewhat                                                                   
drained tone of voice.                                                                                                              
                                                                                                                                    
"Oh.  Was  I too rough?  I thought you could take it...after all,                                                                   
you are on the football team!"                                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                    
"Well,  I  wouldn't call it rough so much as the best  head  I've                                                                   
ever  had.  Let's  go.  I'd  liek a chance to reciprocate  at  my                                                                   
place!"                                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                    
While he was talking,  I had dragged him from his seat and thrown                                                                   
him into the back and was stepping hard on the gas,  driving  for                                                                   
my reward!                                                                                                                          
                                                                                                                                    
                                                                                                                                    
Written by: RYDERS @ WATDCS         Comments, criticisms welcum!!                                                                   

