Archive-name: Family/lolita.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lolita


Lolita was lying naked on the bed, fucking her fourteen year old pussy 
with a dildo, unaware of the fact that her daddy had entered the room 
and was watching her. When she dropped the dildo, she saw her daddy's 
foot where he was standing by the bed. Daddy! she exclaimed as she tried 
to cover herself with her hands. I didn't know you were home. I was 
changing my clothes. I know what you were doing Lolita, it's OK, you 
have normal sexual needs and desires. Oh daddy, I need it so bad and the 
boys at school aren't old enough to be interested, I had to do 
something. Does that dildo satisfy you dear? no daddy I need a real 
penis. Will you fuck me daddy? Please! Lolita began unbuttoning her 
daddy's pants. "Teach me how to fuck, daddy put your penis in me. I've 
watched when you fuck mommy do that to me too.

Lolita undressed her daddy and began sucking his cock like she had seen 
her mother do. Look she said I can make your cock hard just like mommy 
does. Look at my body daddy It's almost full grown don't you want to be 
the first boy to fuck your daughter daddy? She laid on her back with her 
legs spread wide apart, Her daddy stared at her beautifully formed body 
as he straddled her putting his cock against the opening to her pussy 
and pushed. He felt her cherry give as his cock entered his daughter, 
sliding deep into her vagina. Lolita squealed with delight at the pure 
pleasure of feeling her daddy's cock entering her body. She began 
undulating thrusting her pelvis in response to her father's thrusts. 
Faster and faster father and daughter pumped their bodies against one 
another as they reached higher and higher states of ecstasy. Both faded 
into semi consciousness as wondrous waves of passion passed over their 
writhing bodies. When they reached simultaneous orgasm the room seemed 
to explode with the wonderful feelings of the passionate act they were 
engaged in. Oh!! Daddyyyy! OHHh! AAAAAhhhhh! I'm fucking my daddy oh! 
fuck me fuck me daddy! OOOOOO! GOD! DADDY! this is so good. fuck me 
forever, don't let it ever stop. OHh! I'm still coming and coming. I 
feel the come shooting from you into me daddy it makes me keep coming 
Ohh! daddy, fuck me daddy.

Mom and twelve year old junior were watching this when their passion 
couldn't be stopped and they began undressing each other and lay on the 
bed next to daddy and Lolita, Junior's cock was hard as a rock and 
sticking out and upward as he copied what he saw his father doing with 
his sister and pushed his cock into his mother's waiting kunt. he began 
pumping and fucking his mother at high speed as his father writhed on 
the bed next to them fucking the hell out of his sister. Junior had 
never felt anything like this and began to pump wildly, his cock slipped 
from his mother's kunt and she grabbed it and guided it back into her 
hot body. Junior began to come and his cock slipped back out squirting 
wildly into the air, splashing onto his sister next to him as daddy shot 
the last of his come into his daughter and rolled off Junior jumped over 
to Lolita and stuck his still shooting, very hard peter into his 
sister's tight kunt and kept pumping and shooting come, this time into 
his sister's kunt while both exhausted parents watched the children 
fucking each other.

The little ones had come into the room and were watching their father 
fucking their big sister and their brother fucking their mother then 
their sister. little Nikki and Jamie began playing with each other's 
bodies and got onto the bed. Jamie got on top of Nikki and Pushed his 
little hard penis into Nikki's hairless little pussy as their parents 
watched. Now both brothers were fucking their sisters. Daddy watched as 
his daughters were being fucked by his sons. He lifted little Jamie off 
Nikki and put him on top of his mother who immediately put his cock into 
her pussy and Jamie resumed his rapid pumping. Daddy, Now hot as hell 
again Began licking and sucking on little Nikki's pussy as she began 
writhing and moaning "put it in me daddy" Daddy placed his big cock 
against his little daughters pussy and pushed it into her tiny body. 
Daddy fucked his baby daughter for all he was worth shooting his come 
into her tiny form  as he watched his sons fucking his wife and 
daughter. The whole family suddenly began panting and screaming in 
ecstasy as he shot his come into his baby daughter Junior was shooting 
his load into Lolita and Jamie was shooting his first ever load of come 
into his mother.

--
