Lona's Revenge
By Doctor Barracuda

        It was a pleasant summer afternoon on and around the campus of 
Harvard University.  Not a cloud could be spotted in the sky, and a soft wind 
was tossing tree branches gently from side to side.  The campus was 
virtually devoid of people, except for a small group of 6 teen-aged 
individuals inhabiting the Coslor dorm on the Western edge for a Christian 
ideals workshop.  They were a quiet and thoughtful group- evenly distributed 
in terms of gender and age, 12 to 17, with the watchful adult supervision of 
Kassandra and Alexander Markison. 
        Each morning at precisely 8:00 the group would be awakened by a soft 
electronic chime that hung above the door.  A catered breakfast was 
presented at 8:45, and by 9:30 they were ready to split into groups to attend 
classes such as "Youth Concerns and Choices" and "God's role in YOUR 
life".  Two and a half hours later was lunch, more delicately prepared 
nourishment by the famed (and quite expensive) Hopkins Catering service.  
Each afternoon they met as a group for a prolonged discussion period, then 
were given the remainder of the afternoon off from 3:00 until 6:00 when 
dinner appeared in the dining room.  The evenings contained some form of 
a program or another, followed by yet another discussion period of the 
content of the day.  At 9:00 they were freed from the constraints of a 
programmed day, until the rooms were closed and locked at precisely 10:30 
P.M.
        The youngest was Robert, twelve years old and easily susceptible to 
any influence by someone who appeared to be stronger, or higher in his 
perception of social rank than he was (which basically included everyone 
there).  
        Next came Diana, nearly thirteen years of age but appearing much 
younger.  She too, had been metaprogrammed since the beginnings of her 
youth to be susceptible to all that was said by her elders, especially those 
associated with the liturgy.
        Sarah and Steve were biological twins from Georgia, although entirely 
different in appearance and nature.  Steve was tall, exceptionally skinny, 
with bulky 14k gold rimmed spectacles as a symbol of his parents 
extravagantly poor taste.  Sarah was 15 (as was her brother) and appeared 
to be nearly 20.  As a result of her picturesque physical form, she was 
always bundled up in an excessive amount of clothing, attempting to 
constrict and disfigure the curvature of her young and shapely body.  She 
acted as she dressed, restrained and afraid, while her brother was 
excessively outgoing, even though he seldom had something significant to 
say.
        Amanda was a plain 17 years, with long dark hair that complimented her 
otherwise insignificant Oriental complexion.  She was physically petite in all 
forms, although socially well-adjusted to be thoughtful and sincere in what 
she said.  Coming from a rich family, she had attended private school all her 
life, was well-educated in the philosophy and thought of the modern times, 
and yet still retained a pious belief system.
        Reltan appeared to be a shy, extremely polite boy, although internally
he was vehemently opposed to his current place in life- at the Harvard 
Christian Workshop Program.  He was also 17, cleanly dressed and outwardly 
undistinguishable from any of the other participants.  Inside was a nihilistic 
thought process intent on destroying the hypocritical Christian faith to a 
belief of hatred and ruination for mankind. 
        It was upon this pleasant summer afternoon, during the period after a 
congenial discussion period, whence Reltan ascended a tall Eucalyptus tree 
and began to transform his mind to an altered state.  After approximately 
one-half hour of concentrated meditation, the Reltan conscienceness 
receded and the spirit of Wocetihw filled his mind.  Instantly Wocetihw was 
in communication with Wockcalb, and the thought-spirits became one; a 
Lona of infinite power and control.  Reltan climbed down from the tree, and 
returned to the Coslor dorm for an evening meal.  
        The barbecued sirloin steak seemed unappetizing to Reltan, and he 
dined lightly upon only on bread and a considerable quantity of sliced 
Vitamin C enriched kiwi fruit.  The table held a lively conversation, a dialog 
as to whether "Artificial Insemination" was an acceptable term for God's 
impryegnentation of the Virgin Mary.  Reltan participated earnestly, and no 
one noticed the 4 small rectangular shaped pieces of paper resting on the 
corner of Reltan's tongue.
         After dinner, the group went to the darkened lounge to view the 
evening's entertainment, a video called "God's Calling to Missionaries in 
Asia".  The movie began, and everyone settled back on the two couches, in 
the order mentioned with Kassandra and Alexander on the end next to 
Reltan.
        The movie developed into a vastly complicated analysis of the virtue 
of these missionaries, and the group was intensely gripped by the production.  
This, combined with the darkness of the room, caused no one to notice 
Kassandra and Alexander gasp after being pierced in the back of the neck 
by two potassium cyanide tipped darts from a blowgun.  As the movie 
reached a climax, with the narrator explaining the natives' view of the 
missionaries, a red dot appeared on television screen, and moved upward 
towards the narrator's head.  The television was silenced immediately 
following an explosion from behind, and the pieces lay scattered around the 
room.  A thin smile grew across Reltan's countenance, and then there was 
darkness followed by a chorus of shrieking.
        An erie green glow gradually lit up the room, and huddled in mass 
on the floor was the living portion of the group, minus one.  Reltan stood 
silhouetted on the window, aside the tall, powerfully built physical 
manifestation of Wockcalb, known to Reltan as Nerol.
        To Richard through Amanda, the only light source was a green glow 
shimmering from the seemingly luminescent ceiling.  To Nerol and Reltan, 
brilliant lights, in fractal-like forms, spiraled from all directions, 
illuminating anything necessary.  Nerol handed Reltan a dark, cylindrical 
weapon, and they advanced the shaking and still whimpering cluster.  
        Nerol grasped the young Richard by his left ankle, and affixed the 
screaming child to the wall.  Taking a 'U' shaped bar and a sledge hammer, 
Nerol began to slowly pound the bar into the wall, eventually crushing 
Richard's head in the constricting space between the bar and the wall.  
Blood began to pour down the wall, as well as a mixture of other fluids and 
tissue, and Nerol gave a final swing with the sledge, forcing the head and 
connected body through the plaster wall into the adjoining room.
        Meanwhile, as Steve's body lay in a pool of blood upon the floor, his 
head was gently set in a ever-watchful pose upon the podium where the 
television set had been.  The empty eyes peered out through the golden 
spectacles, to watch the body rot away. 
        Diana was stripped of her clothes, and the end of Nerol's sledge 
hammer was forced through her body entering at the vagina and exiting 
throughout the mouth.  The body was then placed upon the grill where the 
steaks had been roasting only a few hours earlier.  The gas was ignited, and 
the body began to sizzle at first, then to burn as the heretics were burned 
during the Inquisition of Europe.  A reciprocation of religious tendencies 
perhaps? 
        This left Sarah and Amanda alone in the room, shivering in 
unquestionable fright and shock at the sight that they had witnessed.  
Reltan approached, and pulled Amanda to her feet.  Alone, Sarah was 
easily grasped by Nerol, who followed Reltan to a different room.
        The bedroom was lit by a series of candles, and contained two beds 
where Reltan and Richard had slept.  Amanda was carefully laid down on 
her back, as was Sarah on the opposing bed.  There was no question as to 
what would happen next, it was only a matter of how they would happen.  
Sarah had become silent by now, and Nerol slowly began to unbutton the 
tightly fitting blouse that she wore.  It was skillfully removed by careful 
hands that had brutally murdered two others not 15 minutes earlier, and even 
more gently an undershirt and brassiere were also removed, revealing an 
exquisitely soft and round set of breasts, untouched by masculine hands.  
Slowly and surely the calf-lengthed flowered dress was drawn down, and 
next a set of panties which left a physically and emotionally naked virgin 
lying quietly upon the bed.  Nerol removed his clothes, and descended upon 
the whimpering body.  
        First came a kiss; Nerol softly placed his mouth upon hers, letting 
his tongue penetrate her lips to her teeth, where he stayed for a moment, 
allowing for any form of a returned kiss from her.  As there was none, he 
moved from her mouth to a cheek, along the neck, to her breasts, which lay 
quivering upon her naked chest.  He let his tongue circle round one nipple, 
and then the other, softly caressing each with the tenderest of care.  His 
right hand began to touch her body, sliding softly along the curves from 
shoulder to thigh.  His left hand began to stroke her breasts, as his mouth 
and inquisitive tongue moved down further to her genital area.  
        Throughout this time, Sarah had been motionless, laying peacefully and 
awaiting her doom without opposition.  Nerol paused for a moment to climb 
up on the bed.  He separated her parallel legs, and pressed her feet 
towards her buttocks, forcing the knees to bend and raise upward.  Pressing 
a knee to each side, his face descended upon her vagina, and his tongue 
began to slowly lick her outer labia.  After a few moments of teasing, he 
allowed his tongue to slowly penetrate inward, increasing the rate of 
movement.  He felt her legs slightly move even further apart, and pressed 
his tongue deeper into her vagina.  A warmth began to radiate from within, 
and Nerol withdrew his tongue and slowly lay down upon her.  
        For a moment he lay still, his penis between her legs, but not 
touching any part of her anatomy.  Then, slowly he pressed it's head upon her 
outer genitals, and moved inward bit by bit.  A slight moan escaped from 
Sarah's lips, and Nerol pushed further inward, tearing through the thin flap 
of skin representing feminine virginity.   He withdrew partially, and then 
thrust forward again, grasping her lower back and pulling it towards him.  
With firm pressure, he pressed his chest into hers, feeling her breasts move 
under his motion.  His tongue found her lips, and she reciprocated- opening 
her teeth and pressing her tongue out to meet his.  He felt her body press 
upward, in time with his rhythmic penetration, seemingly deeper and deeper 
each time.  His hands moved along her back, stroking passionately and pulling 
her upwards.
        Nerol felt Sarah's climax beneath him, as her neck drew back and she 
pressed upwards further than ever, trying to hold him deep within.  Her 
shuddering finished, and he continued his penetration, until he, too, arrived 
at the point of no return and ejaculated into her body, pressing downward 
with all his might.  Finished, he removed his still throbbing penis from her 
body and said two single words:  "I'm sorry."  He kissed her for the last 
time, simultaneously inserting a thin hypodermic needle into her neck.  His 
kiss ended as she died, and he carried her down to the kitchen, where he 
proceeded to dismember her with a carving knife.  Saving the innocently 
beautiful breasts for last, he placed the pieces of her body in a food-
processor, resulting in a bloody mass that could be easily poured down the 
drain, and so disposed of forever.
        Reltan, however, was considerably less considerate to his choice of 
victims.  Having lived with Amanda for the 8 weeks of the program that had 
passed, he was immediately disgusted with any thoughts of giving Amanda 
pleasure.  Hatred is a powerful motivator, and had unquestionably 
conquered desire.  Reltan, too, began by peacefully stripping Amanda of her 
clothes, leaving a tan, Asian body naked and open to anything.  He carried 
her from the room, and outside into the night air.  Outside, it appeared to be 
dark, although the moon and stars above supplied more than sufficient 
illumination.
        Amanda was affixed to a certain tree, her arms wrapped backwards 
around its trunk.  Next, a band was passed around her waist and tightly 
clenched to inhibit any movement of her torso.  She was gagged, 
blindfolded, bound, but otherwise quite naked, and completely in submission 
to whatever lay next.  Reltan removed his clothes, and approached the 
quivering body.  With a small knife he had been holding, he traced a line of 
blood across her upper chest.  She attempted to scream, but to no success.  
Next, he inserted his blade into her vagina, allowing her to feel the chilled 
steel, and daring her to move.  
        Amanda remained motionless, and Reltan removed his knife and stuck it 
into the tree near her side.  With a sudden thrust, he inserted his penis deep 
into her vagina, causing her to jolt in pain as her virginity was so quickly 
conquered.  After another single penetration, he withdrew and began to 
lubricate his penis.  Swiftly, he pulled her legs out from their supportive 
position, and watched as her back scraped downward on the rough bark of 
the tree.  Spreading her legs unnaturally far apart, he probed his penis 
roughly into her rectum.  Violently he plunged in and out, with excessive 
force and personal pleasure.  As he neared orgasm,  he took out his knife 
and began to cut.
        By this point, Amanda had lost consciousness, and so offered even less 
resistance than her constrained form had before.  Soon the pure Asian skin 
was shredded into alternating strips of bloody scars; the blood ran upon 
Reltan's body below.  With the final thrust of orgasm, he also embedded the 
knife into her left temple.  She did not live through his ejaculation.  
        Reltan re-dressed, without consideration for the fair amount of blood 
upon his body, and removed the bonds that held Amanda's body.  He 
picked up the body, carried it inside to the dorm, and draped it seductively 
upon the couch.  Reltan met Nerol, covered in splattered blood, and both 
left the dorm hall for outdoors.  
        Striking a match, Reltan ignited the gasoline which Nerol had poured 
not a moment earlier, and the Coslor dorm began to burn.  Nerol and Reltan 
returned to the interior of the brightly burning dorm.  As the spirit of Lona 
ascended into the sky, the fire trucks arrived and began to hopelessly spray 
towards the burning home.  Watching the world from the sky above, Lona 
watches, forevermore.

