Archive-name: Casual/lonely.txt
Archive-author: CJ
Archive-title: Lonely


   Late one night, as she finishes her studying for the exam, she feels a great
desire to log on the computer. She drives in to the cluster. Waiting there is
a message from a man. A stranger to her,but it says to call him later. She is
the adventurous sort so she chats on the computer for a while, then decides to
call him on-line. They speak only briefly for he is doing some work. He says 
for her to call him when she returns home. It was very late but she agrees.

  She's a bit nervous about calling this man. She has a strange sensation going
through her body but it is quite an arousing one. Her roommate has long since
gone to bed, so she virtually has the place to herself. She hears the phone
ring in her ear. It sounds as if in a hollow chamber calling out her name. He 
finally answers. They chat for a bit, just general BS. It is a cold rainy night
and she is feeling a bit uncomfortable. He asks if he can come over, but she
can't say anything. The words stick in her throat. She knows what is on his 
mind. His voice is tantilizing. The storm is weakening her resistence. Without
an answer, he says he'll be over in 15 minutes. As she is waiting she begins 
to think of why she let him come over. She doesn't know. She has felt this
mysterious sensation before. Why her...? She is pondering all sorts of 
thoughts. Slowly she rises. SHe knows what he is expecting. She removes her
sweatshorts and panties, leaving only her nightshirt. Her skin is tingling.
Her body quivering. She wonders what would occur if her roommate would wake
up. The tension is invigorating. Suddenly there is a knock on the door, she 
slowly opens the door. He makes his way in from the rain. He takes her in 
his arms in a deep passionate kiss. He realizes her lack of clothing quickly
by exploring the realms of her body. He gently massages her swollen pussy lips
She moans at his touch. He slowly pushes 3 fingers deep inside her. Her head
falls back at the emmense pleasure. With his thumb gently flicking her clit,
he pumps into her. Her body is rocking to his motions. 

  He begins to pull his fingers out of her, but she doesn't want it to end. 
More she whispers, more. He slowly takes her and moves her around to where
she can sit down on the couch. There he is before her. She kisses the tip of 
her enraged cock. She nuzzles his balls until he is nearly whimpering. She 
takes a little of the shaft into her mouth and gently sucks while circling 
the head with her tongue. She slowly pulls back. He pushes her back onto the
couch. He grabs her lags beneath the kness and pulls her to him. Her ass is 
hanging off the couch, but he pushes into her. She can feel every inch of his
swollen cock inside her. She is in emmense pleasure and more is on the way.
He strokes her from experience. He seemd to know when to increase or decrease
the intensity of the strokes. Her mind can think of nothing but the pleasure 
inside her. She can feel him burst inside of her, shooting hot jism into her
very depths. As she lay there thinking of all the touches, he got up, dressed,
and left....

--
