Archive-name: 3plus/longisl1.txt
Archive-author: The Doctor
Archive-title: Long Island - Part 1


     .......Several years ago when I used to do a lot of travel for
business I was down on Long Island ,by myself,on a wednesday nite.
I was totally bored with my hotel room , had already had dinner and
decided to have a drink in the hotel bar before bedtime.
     I strolled in to find the bartender ,an old grouch , watching
sports on the TV, he begrudgingly made me a drink and went back to
the TV.  Three drinks later, about nineish, I was about to leave ,
when a blonde, about 5'7", strolled in!  I thought I'd slipped into 
a dream, but she sat down, slipped her light jacket onto her barstool 
to show me she had a nice body under there and ordered a drink.  The 
bartender paid about as much attention to her as he did to me and she 
looked me over pretty good before going to the jukebox to play some 
music.

     I was wide awake as she walked d across the floor , because
she displayed  moves like a well built sports car. The first two
numbers were fast 60's rock and roll , then a bluesy slow song ,
she turned to me and walked over to my spot at the bar and said ,
care to dance ?" I wasn't really sure if I could at this point
,since I was afraid that if I moved I'd soil my
pants...............but duty calls!
I tried to hold her delicately but she'd have none of that she
ground right into me As you might expect I got an instant hard on
.Several more slow songs followed , and then she suggested we take
our drinks to the booth along the wall to talk without music.. She
explained that her husband didn't satisfy her so she went out one
or two nites a week to meet new "friends" with his permission. Well
I had joined a swing club a few years ago , and I had read the
penthouse advisor , but I wasn't ready for this ! She said she'd
like to go to a motel with me if I was interested , , I explained
that we were already at my hotel and she smiled as she slid her
hand up onto my pocket rocket................"very nice " she said
so I slid my hand under her skirt to find she had nothing on past
her stocking tops ! She noticed my surprise and pointed out that
she went out for action , didn't want anything to get in my way !

She said there was one catch though.....................I think
she's talking about money , which I don't have much of , and she
says" That's my husband at the bar , he likes to watch !!!!"
I never saw the guy come in and I've got my hand up his wife's
skirt spreading around the wetness seeping out of her inside ! My
hand snapped back of its own accord She chuckled , saying how this
was a typical reaction , she reassured me that it was part of the
deal , because he was concerned about her safety , I was concerned
about mine but her hand on my crotch was making me less than
cautious.

     So ...........she waved him over to the table for the
introductions. We talked small talk for a half and hour and then he
starts asking me what I think of his wife , is she hot and do    I
want her to suck me off, this is pretty interesting since I've got
my thumb up he snatch and she's rubbing me till I'm leaking through
my pants.........I couldn't think of a reason why not so when he
asked we all went to my room.He grabbed a wine bottle from there
car and we waited , by the motel room door , she was sucking my
guts out through my mouth , or trying to , while we gave each other
as much digital stimulation as we could with out undressing there
in the parking lot
Now were in my room and she's undressing for us.  She's much better
built than you can tell from the clothes , no bra under her sweater
and despite having two children , she's very tightly put together
Bill turns to me and says "wait till she gives you head !" she's
Great "
She helps me off with my sweater and shirt ,and unbuckles my slacks
making a puddle around my ankles with my pants and underwear , I
help by kicking off my shoes and she drops to her knees and
attaches herself to me like a remora.....Bill tells me she likes to
take the first load in her mouth , it'll make you last longer the
next time , Right now I'm incapable of speech so I just nodded and
sucked in air between my teeth . She wasted no time and I think it
took me almost two minutes to come , and what a trooper , never
missed a drop , I was in love with this woman already .She helped
me sit on the edge of the bed so I wouldn't collapse , she went and
kissed Bill and he played with her breasts , and told her ho hot
she was , They chatted about some other guy that she had blown
before who came so much she gagged , and compared me to him , then
she tuned to me and said want to start again ?

I explained that I wanted to return the favor they looked at each
other and smiled , Bill poured some wine and she positioned herself
at the head of the bed , I swiveled here around so she was sideways
on the bed so I could watch Bill In the mirror while I was eating
her , I'm not crazy , and I already came once so I was thinking
maybe this was still a mugging in disguise {I always think clearer
after I come)so now I'm down on her and she is squirming like she
wants to get away , but she isn't trying to really get away just
more of her down my throat.

I look up over her pubes and I see in the mirror that Bill is
stroking his hard cock with his pants around his knees..........
so much for the mugging concern or at least he's gonna come first.
Well I guess he's not gonna come First , cause now Mary is moaning
as if she is having an out of body experience and I'm not gonna let
her off with just one if I can give her more ................
So I slow down a bit till she whimpers and then I start a circular
motion with my tongue followed by an up and down licking motion
that they all love .............and when I sense she's about to
come again I slip my wet thumb inside her, and she's off , we
repeat this with several variations and I remember to check for
Bill, .....you remember Bill .............he's bending over her and
she's sucking down his load as she is convulsing around my
thumb....

I slowly slip my hand out of her and I struggle to my knees on the
edge of the bed , she is making sounds with her mouth that are so
delicious I want to be in there with him , but ......
I decide it's time for down and dirty stuff . I slip my hips toward
her and my cock which feels about three sizes to large for it's
skin nudges against her soaking throbbing pussy , it slips right in
and I can feel the pulse of the last of her orgasms......I slowly
slide in and out of her and she picks up the rhythm, I think we've
got it smoothed out now but I can feel myself almost ready to come
again after just a few minutes , Bill is to far gone to know what
is happening as he moans and begins to come in her mouth she sucks
and holds him in so he doesn't leak as she swallows all she can get
. He pulls out and collapses on the floor next to the bed . She
looks up at me and reach up in the sit up position , she pulls on
my butt and i slide in further as I feel my self beginning to
twitch ..............she is grinding her hips and I can feel her
insides rolling through another orgasm , I am coming in big spurts
and she is rolling her head and hips in opposite directions 
I'm in heaven in a motel on Long island ........

This is the story of my first meeting with Bill and Mary ...
I have at least three more memorable adventure with them before we
lost track off each other I will relate them soon .

Coming next  "The Bugler"

--
