Archive-name: 3plus/longisl2.txt
Archive-author: The Doctor
Archive-title: Long Island - Part 2


     You've heard about my first meeting with Bill and Mary , well
several months into our relationship , Bill tells me he'd like to
help Mary fulfill one of her Fantasies and he needs my help. Well
I'll do about anything so I decide to help , after all I 'm going
to have a good time while providing a valuable "service". Here's
the deal...........................Mary wants to be overcome by a
masked man and tied up and raped ! I've never been a rapist and
don't ever expect to so I'm a little leery about it , but Bill has
this plan where he signals me when she is in the shower and I come
in and tie him up , I'll be wearing a ski mask so she'll be shocked
and won't begin to expect it , they've had a few breakin's in their
neighbor hood so it'll be easy enough to believe if the seed is
planted in her mind .

     So Bill tells her he thought he heard something in the back
yard, and checks and then he gets the dog to bark while she is out
of the room , and then he lets her catch him checking the garage
door, cause it wasn't closed all the way................she's
getting jittery all ready. He meets me that afternoon and gives me
his beeper and I park down the street in a mall lot waiting for the
beep , almost an hour later it goes off ,and scares the **** out of
me ..........I make it there in 5 min and he lets me in the side
door.... I tie him up in the bedroom  and put the TV and some
jewelry and silver ware in a pile by the sliding door in their
bedroom, the same room which held our sweaty humping bodies just a
week ago !

     We hear the shower go off and I hide behind the linen closet
door in the hallway, she comes out with her robe open and never
even sees me behind her ! She goes into the bedroom and sees Bill
, and says what on earth are you doing with that tape on your mouth
not even realizing he is tied to the chair ! I push her down on the
bed roughly and she is angry and turns to see who did it ....then
she sees the handgun I'm carrying for a "prop" and her face turns
to a look of pure horror ! I almost quit the game right here 'cause
she looked so scared , but I wanted to go through with it for both
of them so I growled at her "don't even think of making a sound
lady , he's tied up and if you make a sound he'll never talk again!

She is just about to faint so I stick the gun in my waistband and
put a hand cuff on her slim wrist and cuff her to the brass bed. 
Do you need a gag, or will you keep it quiet ? I ask and she nods 
yes, I think this means no gag so I go out of the room to get some
rope from the garage , when I come back she has covered her
nakedness with her freehand and the robe , so I make a big
production out of tieing her spread eagled on the bed , robe open
at the top and bottom useless as a cover . Then I go about my
bugler business and bring out several trash bags of "goods" which
I stack by the patio door, I proceed to go through the closet and
bring out a garment bag with her mink and his tux , and dump it on
the pile. While I'm in the closet I notice the safe on the wall.
Who has the combination  I ask , she says nothing , he can't speak
cause of the tape , so I pull it a little at a time till he mumbles
that he won't tell me unless I promise not to hurt them ! I do the
move we practiced where I fake swinging at him and knock the chair 
and him over ! She lets out a scream and I turn to her and snarl
again , "one more like that and your both dead " I drag him and the
chair up and tell him to tell me the combination , he does this
time and I empty the cash and jewelry into a bag , he asked me to
cover her since she is shivering , I retape his mouth so he can't
offer me any more advice. I pull a blanket off their bed under-
neath her and it pretty much pull the robe off and she is lying
there with it all bunched up under her and to one side, she looks
better than ever, and I am getting extremely hard at this point, in 
spite of myself. 

After I cover her with the spread , I carry out the stuff I
gathered to the station wagon {theirs} and lock it so no one
actually steals it , when I'm done I come back to find him with his
chair next to the bed and the phone off the hook from him nudging
it  with his head , I pull it out of the wall and I tell him "that 
is gonna cost you buddy"  I drag him and his chair over into the
corner where he can see good and slowly ease the  bed spread off
his almost naked wife , she has a scared puppy look and I think she
would have wet her pants if she had any on !

He is mumbling something and lunging at the ropes and I play it to
the hilt , "put my finger in her pussy , is that what you want ?"
She is still scared and he is shaking his head no , I tell him he
shouldn't have played with the phone . I place 1 finger in her slit
and she cringes , but a little e rubbing produces wetness that I
spread around and soon I'm working two fingers in and out of her ,
she is biting her lip to keep from getting into it , but it's too
late she is dripping like a faucet. I cup my hand and draw some of
her juice up in it , I drip it onto Bills face He is snorting like
a bull in heat but no one gets loose , until I'm done.

I stuff the gun in the back of my pants , and as I lie down between
her legs I pull up the ski mask enough to get my mouth on her
pussy, she is soaking the bed in a 2 foot circle and as I eat her
she begins to moan way down in the back of her throat , she doesn't
want to but she's going to come and there is nothing she can do
about it  ! When I sense she is ready I hold her open with my left
hand while snaking my right thumb into her , she begins to thrash
wildly on my hand and mouth as wave after wave hits her.  I let her
build and drop and bring her back up once more , till I think she
has had enough . When I push myself up on my hands and knees I can
see the muscles in her belly twitching from the after shocks , this
woman has COME !


     Now on my knees I open my zipper and pull down my jeans I
absolutely have to get rid of the stone monster I've had in my
pants for an hour or more , I grab a pillow and stuff it under her
for effect and I drop right in she' so wet . It only takes me a few
minutes to let go with one of my biggest loads ever and I hear as
I'm coming down to earth , "thank you so much , I would never have
believed you two could make it so real "

     I though at some point she had guessed It was a hoax so asked
, when she knew , she said , I knew when you slipped your thumb
into me , while you were eating me , you do that a lot , and I knew
it was you ,till then I couldn't decide if it was real or someone
Bill had put up to it , I'm glad it was you , of all the buglers I
could have picked , you'd be my favorite. "
We both seemed to remember Bill at the same time and I jumped up He
was still where I left him , except now he had a big stain in his
sweat pants to show how excited he had become from what we had done
.
We laughed and joked and did a lot more that evening well into the
next morning and we even planned our next adventure ............
..............................
......................................MEETING MARY"S SISTER !!!...
but I guess that is part 3 , isn't it ?
Later , The Doctor

--
