Copyright © 1997, GoDSpit .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.


[Editor's note:  This story from GoDSpiT has intentionally not been spellchecked.  It is in the unique style of GoDSpiT's that requires his work to be left untouched, preserved in it's original state.  Stories from GoDSpiT are one of a kind masterpieces, written with great emotional passion flooding out non-stop from beginning to end, leaving no time for backing up to replace a mis-typed character or cutting/pasting.]






Loreen
GoDSpiT

Authors Note:   Dear Readers of this story.   This story is not the same as anything else I have ever written.  This story is totally diffrent.  There are some issues in the story that I have never really brought into huge focus on my other stories.   While I believe that incest is not nesicarrly worng it can be if not done in the right fassion.   If both parties do not consent to the incest then it is wrong and there for should not be practiced.   The same goes for any kind of sex.    In relation part of this story is related to this topic of unconsenting sex or Rape.   While it does get graphic  at points all of it is done in flashbacks and related story telling.  The story is told in first person of the main character Mark because it is his story to tell.   The other characters are important but they do not relate in the story as much as Mark and Loreen do.  I felt that writting the story in first person would give it even more life.   I hope that this story is as satisfying mental and sexual as it was for me to write it.

*  * * * *  * *
as always:   If you do not like reading stories about pre-teens and adults having sex or stories that seem to come to life while you read them please do not read this story.  

This story is copyright of GoDSpiT 1997
*  * * * * * * *   *

Prolouge.


	I was the boy next door.  I grew up and married the girl who I dated.  Why are you not surpised?   It wasn't the normal relationship though, that is the reason that I relate thes words here on this page.  I supose you should first know that the boy next door:  me was about 14 years older than the girl next door to me.   I didn't plan it this way,  I sure as hell didn't want to fall for a preteen, who in turn turned into a teen and then an adult.  I don't think that she planned it quite this way either.  I watched her grow up and I even had a part in her growing up.  That I supose is the real story that need to be told.   Not the story about our first born child or the story about our hardships in this world.  Those stories are just the surface of our lifes.  No the real stories are how we met the one we love or how when we were young we dared to do something that no one else did.
	The stories that stood for change are the stories that people always remember and I suppose that is why this story is one that will shock and often surpise todays society where this sort of thing is not acceptable and where this sort of thing is not expected to happen.   If you are looking for a story of sex then maybe you should stop reading these words for this is the tale of love and yes there is some sex in my tale but more importantly there is something more tangible than sex there is love and pain, suffering, and loss.   It is a story that speaks from the heart and I want to tell it not because I have to but because I want to.

Chapter 1.

	It was the summer of 1988, a summer that was heading towards I suppose one of the greatest years of my life.  I was 24 years old and was renting a house because it was far more cheaper than renting an apartment.  The old lady that I was renting it from didn't really need the money but she still wanted  a little to float off of.   I had to pay her about 200 a month which was not bad at all.   I had just entered  into a job at the local high-school teaching students Biology.  It was not what I wanted to do with the rest of my life but for now I had to have something to float me till I started to toll out millon dollar books.   I was a writer by trade you see.  I wanted nothing more than to be able to relax and do nothing with my time but read and write but for now I was too busy.  
	I was single though threw the years I had dated quite a few girls and even had sex with a few but that was all over now.  None of them wanted to marry me and none of them wanted a real relationship with someone who wanted to spend his life writing books, which was a risky business to say none the least.   I didn't meet the neighbors until I had lived in the house for about two months.   There daughter Loreen actually met me first.  It was a Saturday and I was sitting on the front porch looking over some documents and thinking about nothing in particular when a voice off to the side of me said,  "Hey mister I accidently kicked my ball in your backyard uh...could I maybe have it back."  I looked up at the face of a ten year old girl.   She was down on the front steps of my porch.
	She was dirty, had dirt on her arms and looked to have a few scratches also.  A tomboy.   When I was a kid myself my best friend Rachel who I barely talked to anymore  was a tomboy also.   I smiled at her and walked down to where she was.   "Yeah sure what color is it?  I keep a lot of balls that kids throw back there. . .most don't come to ask if they can have them back."  
	"Your not so tough mister."   I had smiled and started to walk back towards the door of the house.   After a few seconds of standing watching me Loreen had decided that I was not a threat to her and ran up to catch up with me.   We walked though the living room and back towards the kitchen where the back door was.  I opened it and led her into the back yard.   Her ball was resting by one of the bushes on the far side of my yard the side away from her house.   I went over and picked it up.     She walked though the door and I handed her the ball.  "Thanks Mister. . .hey you don't got any balls back here."
	I laughed and said,  "I know I lied just wanted to see what you would do."   She laughed and ran back though my house and out into the front yard.   "So hey whats your name?"  
	As she ran off the back towards her house Loreen turned around and said to me,  "I'm Loreen."
	I yelled after her,  "Nice to meet you Loreen,  I am Mark."   And then she was gone, in though her house and back into her backyard to throw her ball around with a friend or two I was sure.  

	I didn't see Loreen for another few days when she was out in the front yard of her house playing with a friend.   I was struck by how beautiful she really was.   Her hair was long and dark brown close to black, it was wavy and looked soft to the touch.  Her body was thin and lithe.  She had a flat chest still and every know and then the wind would blow against her and show off her flat chest and stomach.   I felt a hard on growing in my pants and I started to think to myself "holy shit Mark what in the fuck are you thinking."  I mean after all she was only a 10 year old girll, far too young for me to be doing anything with at all.   Could you imagaine it.  A 24 year old man doing things with a nine year old girl?   How much trouble did I want to get in.
	I have never before Loreen been attracted to a child.  If that surpises you then I don't blame you.  There was just something about Loreen something that spoke beauty and purety.  Something that spoke to my mind from the beginning of it all.  That day was a warm spring day and it was also getting close to the end of the school year which was a good thing because then I could get more serious on  the novel I was trying to finish.  I was about half way though the book.  It was a fantasy novel about  a hero and his lover.   Maybe the steamy sex scene I had written for it earlier today had caused my reaction to seeing such a beautiful face on such a young child, but I don't think so.
	I had sat down on the porch and put a lemonade out on my small table and opend up the sprial notebook that I was writting the novel in.   I transfered it to computer on Sunday and today was Saturday.   Sometimes in the middle of the night I would wake up and grab my notebook and write for an hour or two because an idea for the novel had just popped in my head.  Then there was the weeks where I had absolutly no desire at all to write.  No desire to do anything but sit and stare at the page that was still blank or far from being filled with my words.   Today was one of those days.   I flipped though the pages looking back at the previous three chapters which were all three drawn out and about ten pages long.   I then looked at the blank page of the next chapter trying to think of what I should write.
	That was when I heard footsteps on  the stairs that lead up to my porch.   "Uh Mister?"   I looked up at Loreen.  Her eyes were a dark green in the shaded light of my porch.
	"Please don't call me Mister.  My name is Mark."
	"Uhh. . .okay Mark."    I looked up at her waiting to see  what she wanted.
	"My friend and I were wondering if you had anything for us to drink?"
	I smiled.  Here I thought that she would be a presence in my life by being in her front yard or having her ball needing to be fetched but maybe I would be able to get to know the child better.   See at that time I still thought of Loreen as a child I didn't know anything about her life or about her at all.  I didn't want to keep it that way but I had no choice.   I mean what was I going to do yell out words like:  I want to know all about you?  or  Lets do it.   See I didn't get where this stuff was comming from.  She was fourteen years younger than me for godsake.   What was wrong with me.  Okay so it had been two years since  I had seen or looked at female flesh totally naked but still me a straight normal 24 year old man looking at the body of a ten year old girl?   I thought I was going crazy.  "Yeah Sure."  I said to her and lead them into the house.
	I watched as they walked out the front door with there lemonade back towards the yard to play somemore of there games.   I watched Loreens small round ass as she walked down the steps.  The way that her young smooth thin legs showed off in the sun.   And I wondered to myself. . .What the fuck was wrong with me.

Chapter 2.

	It was about four days later that I got a phone call.  I was not expecting one because  I was new in the town and my   parents were dead had been since I was 20 years old (car accident).   I had no sisters or brothers, and I had lost contact with all of my realitives.    Who it was though was Loreen's father.   He had gotten my phone number from the phone book.  The number had appeared in the most recent book and I had let them put it in because I did not care who had my phone number.   "Hello."  I had said into the speaker of the telephone.
	"Is this Mister Mark Jest?"
	"Yes it is may I ask who is calling?"
	"Yes this is Fank  Adams I live next door my daughter Loreen has been over to your house a few times.  I was wondering if you could do me a favor.  You see my daughter trusts you which is good enough for what I am asking.  I want to know if you could babysit her for tonight.  Her mother and I have to go out to a dinner part and well we can't find anyone else to babysit."   I of course accepted.  How could I say no.    He told me to put her in bed at 10 no later.   Though  I knew she would try to stay up later.   He also told me to help myself to anything in the fridge and that they would be home around midnight.  Which was fine with me since I never went to be till then anyways.   
	What I was still more surpised at was the fact that her father would actually choose someone that she wanted to babysit her.  It was almost a calling that something strange was going on in that house.  Though I would never have suspected anything close as to what was really going on.   I arrived over at the house around 6 p.m.  I had brought with me my sprial incase I felt like writting which I already sort of did.  I rang the door bell waiting for someone to answer the door.  It only took a few minutes before the door was opened by Loreen's mother.   She was young but I could tell that she was Loreen's mother by the face.  Her face looked almost the same as her daughters face.  It was smooth and thin with high cheek bones, two beautiful dark green eyes almost like her daughters eyes.  Her  hair was totally black which showed that her daughters hair would one day be black also.  
	"Hello Mrs.  Adams."   
	She smiled at me plesently and opend the door wider, "hello Mr. Jest."
	"Oh please call me Mark."   I said with open kindness I hated bing called Mr. Jest it made me feel like my father and it still does today.   That is why everyone who knows me calls me Mark.
	"You may call me Janet then."   She said to me.She turned back and started to walk towards the back of the house which lead into the living room.  "My daughter Loreen can  be quite a pain sometimes.   She doesn't listen to athority that well, but maybe since she likes you so much Mark she will get along with you better.   We have tried our best with what we have.   Her father is not her real father.   I married him a few years ago, he is abot 10 years older than me give or take a few years.   But besides that I hope that you and my daughter enjoy yourselfs and remember please try to have her in bed around 10, to tell you the truth she can stay up till elven if absolutly nessacary but she does have school tomorrow so. . ."
	"I understand Janet."  I said to her which was true enough.    We entered into the kitchen.
	We walked over to the cabinet by the refrigerator and she said,  "here by the  kitchen phone is any emergancy numbers that you might need for any situations.  Also there is my husbands pager number for any emergancies you might have."  She turned around and smiled at me.  Showing her white teeth again.  "I hope that you have a good time Mark, and if you do if she is not too much trouble we might ask  you to babysit her again for us some time."   With that she turned away from the kitchen and walked back towards the living room and the stairs that led to the second floor.  "You can have anything in the fridge and kitechen, but Loreen might want  you to order Pizza.  She has been dying for it all day."  She smiled at me as if to say  "kids these days"  but I could tell imeditally that she cared very much for her daughter though their was something there something I did not as of that time comprehend.  Something in her past.  "Come on Frank we are going to be late." 
	Loreens father came down the stairs.  He was a handsome man, with dark blonde hair that was not reseding.  He looked to be in his late thirties which would put Janet in her  late twenties or so.   He had two sparkling blue eyes and he looked truely happy that night.  Though in recent years I have seen him go from mad to completely weird.   But he always cared for Loreen though I knew even from the first meeting that something was going on, something with the family that I could not at that time comprehend.  It was almost as if they spoke of a past that they did not quite know how to express to anyone.  Even today sometimes I see the pain of the past in Loreen's eyes, her beautiful green eyes can hold so much pain sometimes that all I wan to do is hold her for hours on end and make it all go away.
	But you can not make it all go away.  You can never make the pain of your past go away.  For past is always too great and the pain of it is always too strong.  But just as they all had a past so did I.  A past that I barely relate to anyone a past that I will come apon later.   Frank smiled at me and gave his hand to be shaken.  I shaked it.  "So glad that you could make it Mr. Jest.  I just fear that we would not find anyone to watch or Loreen we called her usual babysitter but Mrs. Jenson was gone for the weekend.  Thank god that Loreen suggested you our next door neighbor.  What do you do for a living?"
	"I teach biology and hopefully one day I will not have to teach I plan on being a writer."  I paused and said,  "Please call me Mark, everyone does even my students."   Fank smiled at that and contiued to tie the tie that he was trying to put on.  Eventually Janet walked over and did it for him.
	"Very well Mark, you may call me Frank.  I hope that you will not spoil our daughter too much, and on that note we must be going."    They walked towards the door we said our goodbyes and the door was closed.  I was alone with Loreen I could not believe it.  But then again I knew that nothing would happen.  She was a child after all with a childs intrest in things not an adults intrest.  Which was a shame because she was so beautiful and even then before I got to know her she made me burn with desire made my blood boil and my heart beat fast.   I sat down on the couch dropping my notepad and pen   on the coffee table and picked up the remote.  I flipped the channels for awhile wondering if I should check on what Loreen wanted for dinner.  
	I was about to go up the stairs when I saw Loreen coming down them.  She was wearing a short shirt that showed off part of her belly when she lifted her arms and a pair of short shorts that showed off her beautiful thin legs.   Her hair was up in a ponytail.  She walked down the stairs and said,  "hi Mark!."  She jumped into my arms and hugged me wildly.  "So glad you could babysit me I hate that old Mrs.  Jenson."
	I laughed and said as she pulled away, "but you barely know  me."
	"I can tell about a person if they are nice or not and your nice."   With that she walked into the living room and sat down on the couch where I had been sitting.  "oh whats this?"  She asked as she looked at my notebook.
	"Just a book I am writing."
	"Oh your a writer what kind of books?"
	"Fantasy."   Her eyes sparkled with intrest and she opened the book.  I did not keep my writing  a secret.  "What do you want to eat tonight?"
	She looked up from the prolouge and said,  "Pizza."   
	"What kind?"
	"You mean it we can have Pizza?  Mrs. Jenson never lets me have Pizza she says it bad for you."  I smiled and laughed lightly.
	"Then Mrs. Jenson must be a witch or something."   She laughed also.  It was going to be a good night I decided.

Chapter 3.

	The Pizza arrived around 7 at night.  We were sitting in the living room on the couch at the time she was still reading the novel which was a book to be read by adults.  But she seemed to grasp it easily and I asked her what she read. It turned out that she read many of the same things that I currently did.  We were both deeply emensed in the Robert Jordan seris:  Wheel of Time.   I think that any author that limits himself or herself to only reading one kind of novel or to not reading anything that was current was a fool.   I read almost anything I could get my hands on and I learned that so did Loreen.   The door bell rang and I got up to answer it.   I paid the pizza man the money Loreen's mother had left and I brought the pizza into the living room.   Loreen looked up and said,  "So where are we going to eat?"
	I smiled and said, "how about if we eat out here?"  She smiled back and  I could tell that her parents didn't even trust her to eat out her though she was mature for her age.  
	"But I'm not aloud to in fact no one is."
	"I won't tell if you won't.  She laughed and I sat the pizza down on the coffee table.   We ate while we watched television.  I don't even remember what the show was for sure.   No one spilled anything on the couch and I threw the box away in the trash can.  She was reading the novel again when I got back out there.   She laughed at a certian part and I looked over and saw that she was almost to the sex scene.   Though it was nothing like the scenes that I will discribe here in this book it was quite a steamy scene.   But where she was currently was a comdey scene one of the funniest ones I had ever written.   The story was about a group of people who  had joined together to combat a great evil because they had certian talents that together could save their world.  It was a good story though very hard written for me.
	I got up and decided to explore a little bit while she read.  I went upstairs and looked around.  The first room I came to was Loreen's.  It had walls that were painted blue and a mirror hanging on one wall.   The bed was a four poster bed with a white bedspread and  white sheets.  The bed was quite large  for one little girl sleeping in it.   She had a dresser on one side of the room and one of the drawers was open.  There was a door to her closet and another one that led to a ajourned bathroom.   I walked down the hall past the bathroom and looked in on the other side othe bathroom.   Here was another room, with blue walls also and a crib in one corner.  I suspected  that Janet was pregnant at that time.  Though I was wrong.   The room was smaller than Loreen's and it joined her room.  Across the hall covering most of the other side of the house was the master bedroom and the master bathroom.  It looked clean and ordered.  I went back downstairs.  Loreen had sat the notepad down and was smilling at me when I came back down.
	"Good story Mark, though that one part  I don't know if a girl my age should be reading that."  She laughed and stood up.   It was nine o'clock.   She was a fast reader as fast as I was.  that novel of mine transeferd on the computer into about 200 pages so far and I was only half way though.  "When will you finish it?" 
	"My publisher wants it in five months."  I said.  She sat down and I sat beside her.  She snuggled up closer to my side and I could feel my hardon growing in my jeans again.  I tried to keep it at bay but could not help it.
	"Its good, if you finish it it will become a best seller."   I smiled and stroked her hair.  She buried her face deeper into my side.   "Do you like me Mark?"
	At the time I thought that a weird question for a girl her age to be asking me but now I know better,  "Yes I like you Loreen."
	"Good then you won't mind me hanging around your house more often.  I get so lonely sometimes.   Do you think you could babysit me all the time from now on?"   I smiled at that and continued to stroke her hair.   She really seemd to want me to be there for her and I wanted to be there for her.  I could sense something from her something that was telling me that she wanted and needed someone besides her parents to get past whatever it was that she was going though.  And at that momement with one answer I sealed my fate with Loreen.
	"Yes I will babysit you from now on if your parents will let me."   
	"Oh they will."  She said and she sounded so sure of herself. 
	By now it was ten thirty and I knew I had to put her to bed.  I stood up and she followed me.   "But for now  you need to get into bed Loreen."   
	She nodded and said, "Come up in five minutes okay?"  I nodded and she ran off up the stairs.
	Five minutes later I followed her and knocked on her door.  She told me to come in and she was standing there waiting for me in a shirt that was far to short for her long beautiful legs and the rest of her beauitful body.    I could see the bottom of  her purple panites but I didn't say anything.  She said, "can you tuck me in really tight."  I nodded and she hopped into the bed showing off the whole back of her panties, her round ass covered in them.  Then it all disappeard as she laid down in her bed.  I pulled the covers up to the middle of her chest and tucked them in.   After I was done she said,  "can I have a kiss goodnight."  I thought why the  hell not and kissed her on the cheek.  I started to get up but she said,  "when you kiss somoene good night you do it on the lips."   I was surpised that she said that but  I didn't befret her.  I leaned back down and kissed her on the lips lightly.  Her lips were soft and smooth and so delicate.  My cock gave a jump in my pants and as I started to pull back one of her hands broke  loose from the bed and held my head down.  I felt her tounge shoot out and I opend  my mouth in answering.  Our tounges entertwined.  I loved the feel of her mouth on mine.  But I knew I had to end it before anything else happend.  I broke the kiss and tucked her back in then turned off her light she said goodnight and so did I.  The kiss  was forgotten by her but not by me.

Chapter 4.

	That night I laid in my bed slowly stroking my still very  hard cock remembering the feel of Loreen's soft lips on mine, her tounge thursting in my mouth. I had had no intentions of letting that happen. But apparently Loreen had had diffrent intentions or so I thought.   I could feel my cock about to burst  in my hand and I stopped stroking it for a few minutes thinking again.   I had finished another two chapters before her parents arrived home at 12:30.  I then took my leave and went home.  I wrote tilll 1 in the morning and then I laid here in bed till 2 stroking my hard cock remembering the feel of Loreen's soft lips on mine.  The smell of her young skin.  The feel  of her pressed into my side almost like a lost child.
	It was like she was calling to me in the middle of the  night.   And then it was morning and school was back on.  I had a lot of classes to teach and a lot of thoughts to deal  out.  I totatlly forgot about Loreen until I got home.   Around four in the afternoon a soft knock came on my front door (my door bell was borken).  I got up from my computer where I was transfering the novels new chapters and opend the door.  Loreen was standing there wearing a skirt that went down to the middle of her thighs and socks that went up to her knees.  She was wearing a button up shirt that was tucked into the skirt.  The shirt had a patch on it.  That was when I realized that she went to a private school.   Her hair was up in a ponytail that was over to the side, the style of the time. 
	She smiled at me and said,  "can I come over and hang out?"
	I opened the door and said,  "I suppose but why you would want to hang out with a 24 year old man is beyond me."
	She laughed and said,  "because your cool."  With that she walked in and dropped her book down on the living room couch.  She sat down on the couch and looked around my living room.  It was not much a television set, a coffee table and my computer desk.   "not much in this house huh?"  She said.    
	"Well if you don't like it then you can leave."  Loreen laughed and stood up.  She ran over to me and rapped her arms around me.  I brought my arms around her and she buried her head in my chest.   She was crying softly.  "Whats wrong Loreen?"  I asked her softly.
	"Billy Hickman made fun of me today, he called me a weirdo."  
	I sighed.  I remembered those days, kids were quite cruel, you would be surpised if you don't remember your childhood.  But kids today are far more cruel than kids before.   But of course in the 80's there was not much violence on televison and children did not see that much violence or hear words like Cock or Pussy or Cunt as often.   So words like weirdo or stupid were still common on the playground of life.   I stroked her hair and said,  "why did he call you weird?"
	Loreen said though her tears with her head still buried in my chest.  "cause he says that I read to many big books and study to many big things.   Did you know that the human body has 46 chromosones?"
	I laughed and said,  "yes I did Loreen, I teach  biology remember?"   She only nodded and I continued,  "it is not wrong to be smart Loreen it is good to be smart.  Only smart people get ahead in the world.  So just ignore Billy Hickman he's not worth your attetnion anyways."  She looked up at me and smiled.   Then she walked over to my computer picked up the note pad and devoured the next two chapters.
	"You need to hurry up and finish the novel.  I am dying to know if they can save the world or not and how they do it and if they all end up happily."   With that she stood up grabbed  her books and said,  "I have to go change and do my homework.  Bye Mark."  And like that she was gone again.  I had not realized it until she was gone but  I was hard again.   Loreen was like a five year old in one respect I decided she latched on to anyone that showed her kindness.  That could be trouble with the way that I was starting to feel about her.

	I didn't see her for a few days and my blood was starting to stir and get restless from not seeing her body.  From not being able to hold her close to me.  But what could I do?  I could'nt just walk over to her house tell her I missed her and hug her.  It wouldn't make any sense at all to me or to her or to her parents.  So I left it where it was and I was in such a daze that over that weekend I finished the rest of my novel so that I could begin an over read and also put it on the computer it was 340 or so printed pages.   I sat up all night the next Saturday printing it.  The following Sunday was the day that I saw Loreen again.
	I was sitting on my porch taking time out just to think.  I was now inbetween novels which meant that I had time to formulate a plan on what I wanted to do.   I did not hear her slip up on the deck or did I hear her walk towards me. My eyes were closed so I did not see her.  The next thing I knew I had this warm soft ten year old girl pressed agsint me.  She kissed my check and said, "hiya Mark.  How is it going?"  I smiled and  kissed her cheek.  She climbed off, my cock was rock hard by the way.  She walkd towards the door of my house and said,  "So how much of that book have you finished?"
	I smiled stood up and said,  "its done."  She jumped up with joy and followed me into the house.  I let her find her spot in the notebook.  The printed pages were long gone to my editor.  She read what was left of the story in about an hour and then put it down.
	"Good ending."  She said and kissed me directly on the lips.  At first I was too stunned to do anything about it.  Her tounge flicked out and into my mouth.  She pulled back and said, "feel my pussy feel it."  I wasn't believing what I was hearing. I pulled back and she looked disappointed.  "I thought you wanted to."  My cock gave a jerk in my pants.   A few seconds later she said in a chipper happy voice,  "so Mark what have you been doing since I last saw you."  I was confused and at a loss for words.  One minute she had been wanting sex and was as horney as any girl I had ever had in my life and the next she was back to her cheeful little girl routine.  I didn't understand it and to be frank it scared me a little.  I began to think that this girl Loreen a girl that I was starting to fall for was not all there.  And then I began to think that I wasn't all there falling for a ten year old.
	I wasn't sure what was going on with her, or with me.  That afternoon after she left I went upstairs and into my bathroom.  Stripped my clothes off and looked at my still raging hard cock.  Sure I had not had a girl in a year now, but that still left no reason for me to be going crazy of a ten year old child.   And the way she acted,  somtimes she was a child, innocent and carefree.  Sometimes she acted like a grown women sexy and wanting to get inside my pants.  I didn't understand it, and I was terrified by it.   I had climbed in the shower thinking about all of this.  My cock gave a jerk and I looked down. I hadn't realized that I was stroking my hard memeber.  But  I had been and now it was cumming in currents.   Throb after throb.  My cock did not stop cumming for a full minute.   I wanted inside Loreen's panties so bad it was starting to effect me in ways that I didn't expect.
	That night was the friday before the weekend and the phone call I got around 8 I did not expect.   It was Loreen's father, Frank,  "Mark hello this is Frank.  Look  I hate to ask you this on the weekend, but well we need someone to watch Loreen for the weekend.   I'm sorry to ask you I could have asked Mrs. Jenson but Loreen insisted that I call you first.  If  you can't do it I will understand."   
	I thought this over for a few seconds.  I wanted to see Loreen so bad but I didn't know if I should walk on that terratory for a whole weekend just yet.   I decided of course to do it anyways.   "I can do it Frank don't worry,  It's okay.  I can be over whenever you need me.  If I may ask though why the whole weekend?"
	"We need to fly up to Sanfransico, the company that we work for is having a convention and all of the senior staff has to be there."   I agreed to do the job and was to arrive over at the house around 8:30.   Now to find somethings that I would need.  First a new notbook incase an Idea came to me during the weekend.  Also some clothes.  Frank had told me that I could sleep in the masterbed room's bed or in the guest bedroom's bed both of which he told me were king sized beds.  I packed the bag and walked across the yard and into there yard.   I was going to be spending a whole weekend with Loreen and I just hopped that I survivied and didn't go to far with her.

Chapter 5.

	I arrived at the house around 8:25 or so and waited at the door for it to be opend.  The door was pulled open by none other than Loreen.   She was wearing a short dress that went down to the middle of her thighs and a pair of long socks that went up to her knees.  The dress was one of those tight fitting dresses that so many girls wear these days.   It looked beautiful on her body.  The dress showed off her two hard nipples and her skinny thin tummy.  She ran up to me and hugged me tightly.  I hugged her back letting the moment last.   "I'm so glad you came Mark."   I laughed lightly and she pulled off and we walked into the house.   Her mother was in the kitchen.
	"I am leaving you some money for the weekend Mark so that you can use it to make sure that you and Loreen are fed well enough.     We should be back by  eleven at the latest on Sunday."    She walked out of the kitchen,  I followed her along with Loreen tailing me.   Her hand was in mine as if it belonged there.   They were gone in a few minutes driving down the road and out of site for the whole weekend.   Loreen did not say anything to me for awhile she just sat there watching television.
	"Mark do you ever think of me?"    That was an odd question it was the first of the night and I was not sure how to answer it should I tell her that I did or that I didn't.   If I said  I didn't she would probably be mad at me the whole weekend and  I didn't want that that was for sure.   
	I sat down next to her and said,  "yes Loreen I think of you why do you ask?"
	She smiled and slipped her hand on my leg.   She started to slide it up towards my growing hard on and said,  "I think about you all the time Mark.   Your so sexy and nice to me.  I wanna feel you pressed to me and you inside me."   Her hand had reached all the way up my leg and was starting to go across the top of my pants glidding up and down the middle as she was was feeling my hard on.   I was about to cum in my pants.  I couldn't help it this little girl was turning me on more than any other girl had done in ages.   She started to unbutton my pants when my mind kicked back in and started saying things to me like  "what do you think  you are doing Mark, getting this little girl and making her do things"   but I knew I wasn't making her do any of it and he couldn't stop it.  I wanted it so much.
	She continued on my pants and unbuttoned them.   Then she pulled the zipper down revealing my boxers.  My hard on was poking straight up in them she said,  "oh yeah that's the thing."   She started to pull her hand in my pants when all the sudden she cried out and pulled her hand away and started to cry.   "No daddy please don't make me do it please Daddy NOOOOOO!!!!"  Tears were streaming down Loreen's face.  I didn't know what to do.  I was in shock.  My hard on had deflated.  I covered my pants back up and she ran up the stairs crying.   I didn't know if I should follow or not.   Why had she cried out like that.   Why had she cried out to her father like that.  I was not her father.   What had happend to Loreen?
	I ran up the stairs and went into her room.  She was not in her room.  I walked over to  the bathroom and didn't see anything.  I heard a whimper.  I walked over to  the closet pulled the door open and there she was.  In the far corner of her closet Loreen sat with her knees pulled up to her chest tears going down her cheeks.   She was whispering something.  I walked over and bent down.  She did not turn me away.  I brought her into my arms.  Not knowing that I was playing another part.   She was whispering to herself,  "please don't do that daddy please don't touch my pee pee mommy says it bad.  Its bad. . .its wrong daddy please stop.  I don't like that it HURTS!!! Please stop Daddy please stop."    Tears were storming down her cheeks I just held her  in my arms letting her cry.   Whispering to her telling her everything was okay.  "No MOMMY!!!   Don't,   nooo DADDDY.  He's bleeding mommmmy why is daddy bleeding!!"  More tears storming down her cheeks.   She stops saying anything for awhile and leans in on my chest.  I was terrified what was wrong here.  What had happend to Loreen.   Why had her parents not done anything.   
	And I asked myself,  had Frank done these things to her or had her real father done these things.   She quieted down and just laid in my arms for awhile.  "I'll never be safe."   She said to herself a few times.    She fell asleep in my arms a few  minutes later.  I pucked her up and laid her down in her bed.  I covered her up turned off her light and walked down the stairs back into the living room.   I wasn't sure anymore on what was going on.   There was something wrong with Loreen.  Something that had happend to her in her past.  Something that I don't know if I wanted to know about.   Something about the family that I was now considering very close to me and there daughter Loreen...well I was falling in love with her.     

* * * *

	She didn't wake up until the next morning at which time I was laying in the guest bedroom bed with only my boxers on.  I woke up when she jumped on top of me and  laughed saying.  "Oh marky wake up its time for a full day of fun!!!"   I woke up and looked into her beautiful green eyes.  Nothing of last night remained in her.   She was happy and joyful.   My cock sprung straight up in the air.   She didn't notice.   She jumped off and said,  "see you downstairs."  With that she dissapperd.  I got up and slipped my boxers off.  My hard on stood straight up in the air and I stroked it lightly and then hopped in the shower.   I stroked myself off in the shower before getting out and getting dressed.  It was going to be a long day exp.  since she was wearing a sexy outfit when I got downstairs.  A pair of Overalls and a short white shirt.  I was wearing a pair of jeans and a shirt.  
	She smiled at me and I sat down at the kitchen table expecting nothing but cereal which wouold have been fine.  But instead I was given eggs, bacon, and toast.  I couldn't believe it.  She was a cook.   Well sort of.  She still needed a little work.    I ate and she smiled while she ate also.   "What do you want to do today Loreen?"  
	She thought about it for awhile and then said,  "I want to go to the park and then swimming."   I should have guessed that she would want to go swimming.    I put the dishes up and went back up to my room.  I took out my swim suit and she came out of her bedroom around the same time in her overalls and a two piece bathingsuit.  My hard on was growing.  I had underwear on with my bathing suit so that I could hide my hardon until we got to the pool that was.   Then it would be impossible with the wet water.   I forced myself not to think about Loreen and her body and soon my hardon dissappeard.   It was hard though.  Someitmes though I would think about her and what it would be like to fuck her and my hard on would return.
	We spent half of the day at the park and the other half we spent at the pool.  I totally forgot to be horney  I was just having fun.  We played chase and built sandcastles.  And even swung.  Then at the pool she forced me into a game of shark with a lot of kids and needless to say I won everytime and pretty soon they told me that I could not play.   So I just watched.   Then Loreen wanted to see me do a few tricks and I did.    She could do a flip and I loved the way her body was when she did.   
	We got home around seven that night and she switched into her nightgown.  I put on a pair of boxers and underwear and a shirt.  She wanted Pizza for dinner and so we ordered it.   We ate it all though I ate a little more than half and she ate about three slices.   She was wearing a shirt that went down to her knees and a pair of panties that was all.  Every once in awhile she would sit a certian way and I would get a peak at blue panties.   I was starting to get hard and I just hopped that nothing of last nights repeat preformance happend.   Nothing like it happend at all that night.   Well not at that time.

Chapter 6.

	It was around 1 in the morning.  I was sound asleep.  When I was pulled out of my sleep by something cold wrapping its hand around my hard cock.  I looked over and there next to me in bed was little Loreen.  She was totally naked except for her panties which had a small girl hand down in them.   She continued to stroke my hard cock and then pulled my boxers down and said lightly in my ear.    "Oh yes Daddy fuck your little girl please fuck her."   I couldn't believe this. My cock was about to cum and I was scared to death.  What was Loreen saying and why was she saying it.    I started to cum.  I couldn't help it.  I just started to poor out of the top of my cock.   That was when  I knew that this was going to far.    She stopped and said,  "oh daddy you spoiled it.   Touch me daddy please put me on fire."    With that she slipped out of my bed and went back to her room.   
	What was going on.  My cock was still limp and I cleaned up the mess.   What was going on .   I kept asking myself.  I went  into Loreen's room and found her fast asleep in her bed.  Her night shirt was back on and she was sleeping like a baby.   There was no cum on her hand anymore.  I went back to my room and got no sleep that night.  I stayed up thinking about Loreen and wat was going on with her.  Why did she want these sexual things done and why did she always call out her fathers name either way?   I was scared for my little Loreen and I knew that I would have to talk to her parents about it.   

	Sunday we spent all day at the pool again and then that night she went to bed early.  I was waiting for her parents to get home.  When they arrived at ten that night I told them that we needed to have a talk and followed them to there bedroom.   Janet closed the door behind her and said,  "what happend?"
	I sat down in a chair in the room and said,  "your daughter the first night rubbed my penis and then started to touch it I wanted to stop her but I didn't know what was happening.  And then all the sudden she cried out things to her father and ran up the stairs crying.  I went into the closet with her and held her and she kept whispering things about her father and you Janet and then she just cried saying the same thing over and over again.  'I'll never be safe.'   Then the next night around one she came into my room and jacked me off I didn't even know she was doing it until I was woken up by my penis about to cum.   And then I couldn't stop it and she kept saying the same things again but this time it was like she was enjoying it."    I stopped and looked at them.  Neither one had shock in there eyes,  "what is going on?"
	Janet sat down on the bed and said,  "I suppose I should tell you so that you know what is going on.   Why Loreen is the way that she is.   I married her father when I was young.   But it wasn't normal.   See he was my brother and well we had fallen in love.  Don't look so shocked it happens a lot more than people want to admit.  But we fell in love and  I got pregnant from one of our sexual explorations and needless to say little Loreen was brought  into our lifes.   I thought that he loved her the same way that I did as a daughter.   I thought that the sexual explorations he had done with me were over and he would only want me not her too.   Loreen didn't want her father  to touch her she didn't like him touching her.  He was not delicate to her.   He was never delicate to me but I could take it.
	"On the night of her sixth birthday he snuck out of our bedroom and went down the hall towards Loreen's room.  He entred it and woke her up saying,  'it's time for daddies other present to  you honey.'   He proceded to pull her panties down and spread her legs.  My darling daughter was crying softly by now telling her daddy to please stop and all he kept doing was rubbing her pussy and  licking it.    He then pulled out his cock and started stroking it over her until he came.   He cleaned it up and said goodnight to her and that if she ever told anyone he would kill her.   It happend again about a month later.  He could not keep his hands off of her.   He wanted her little flesh and he could not stop  himself.     When she turned Seven he fucked her.   It was one night when I was not due home till about midnight or later and he saw it as the perfect oppertounty to start on her.  
	"He took her up into the master bedroom and ripped off all ofher clothing.  He was a maniac.  He told her to suck on his hard cock and when he started cumming he slapped her ass hard telling her she was bad for making her daddy so horney.  He was already hard again by then and he laid her down on the bed.  This was the worst part of all see if he had cared for more than just fucking her body he would have placed her on top.  He spread her legs and brought his huge hard cock close to the entrance and just as he started to push it into his crying and screaming little girl I burst into the room holding a gun.   I told him to get up off of her and he didn't comply.   He started to thurst and saying things like,  'Bitch you don't have the guts to shoot me.  I'm gonna fuck our little girl and when I'm done I'm gonna kill you.'   That was all that sent me off.  I pulled the trigger shooting him in the side.    
	"Loreen gave out a cry as her fahter pushed his cock into her at the same time.  Tearing her hymn.    God My little girl I thought.  He just raped my daughter.  I pulled the trigger again, but he was so hell bent on fucking he didn't even notice.   That was when I pushed him off of her and laid him on the ground holding him.  I callled the cops.   But he had already started to cum inside of his daughter and she was bleeding.   The cops got there as he was dying.   He died later that night.   I was not arrested the judge decided that it was all done in the defense of my daughter.   I married Fank who was my husbands best friend in Highschool, because I fell in love with Frank and he loved little Loreen the way that I did.   She is still in counciling but the doctor says that only someone who could be gentle with her in love making and sex is the only one that can fully heal her.
	"Loreen has choosen that person.   She choose him this weekend.  That was her trying to express what she feels for you, and then her getting scared that you would rape her or hurt her which brought her back into the past.   Please  Mark understand that she isn't going to be like that always with you.   Please don't walk away."   She paused and I looked up.  The story had brought some tears to my eyes.  To think that someone had raped her Loreen,  and that it was her own father the man that was suppose to bring her happeness and joy.   
	"I won't walk away Janet.  How could I?  I love Loreen."   I sighed and stood up.   "Now I must be going I have class tomorrow and also I have to fly to LA for a few days,  I have to see about my book and do a book signing.  The book is comming out in hard back and it is going to be on the new york times bestseller at number five in a few weeks or so I  hope."  With that I got up and started to leave. 
	Frank stopped me and said,  "What do you mean you love her?  Like I do?"
	I put a  hand on Frank's shoulder and said,  "no I love her the way that you love Janet."  With that I turned and left the room.  I stopped off at Loreen's room and sat down on the corner of her bed.  She was still awake and opend her eyes to look at me.  "goodnight Loreen,  I'll see you in a few days I have to leave  town for a while."   
	She smiled sat up.  "Okay Mark,  have fun."  I kissed her lightly on the lips and left the room  she said goodnight and laid back down.    I grabbed my bags and went down the stairs.    I knew I would see her on the first day I got back and already I was getting ready for the biggest chanllenge of all healing the one I loved.    Little did I know how hard it would really be.

Chater 7.

	That night I decided that I would have to start slowly.  That the only way I was going to get close to her and be able to show her how good sex could be and how kind a man could be to her  was to go slow.   I arrived home about  four days later and as soon as I pulled into the driveway Loreen had run over her yard and into my driveway.   She was wearing a dress that day.  The dress went down to about the  middle of her knees and she wore short socks and tennis shoes.    The dress was buttoned up in the front from the top of her chest down to where the skirt of the dress started at about her waist.   She almost jumped into my arms and I hugged her close to me remembering the smell of  her ten year old body.  She wrapped her legs around me but a few minutes later with the start of a hard on in my pants I pulled her down and took her hand.  
	Of course being the good person that I was I had two presents for my darling angel Loreen.   One was one of the first 100 hardcover books of my new book with a signed autograph in it.   The   other was a puppy.  I had called and asked her parents if it would be okay with them and they had agreed that it was a good idea.   I first handed her the book and then a small box with holes at the top  (the dog had not ridden in it at all the whole trip home, but now I had to surpise her).   She opened the book and a huge smile spread on her lips.   She loved it I could tell.   The books finished title had been:  In Search of Truth.   My other present brought even more surpise to her.   I handed her the box and when she opened it the little cute puppy and it barked and she squiled with delight.  She put the pup down and jumped back into my arms kissing me lightly on the lips.    I could tell she loved the presents.
	She got out of my arms picked up her new presents and walked towards my house.  I let her in and she set the dog down beside her.   "I'm gonna call him Wattles."   I laughed at the name and she only smiled.    She opend the book and read my signiature to her it said:  To my favorite fan and the sweetest girl alive.    She smiled at me and closed the book.  She picked up her puppy and said, "I got to go take Wattles home and put the book up in my room.  I'll be back later."  And like that she was gone.   Just like the wind she disappeard before my eyes and I felt disappointment set in.  Maybe I was going to fast for her.  Maybe some part of her was not ready for me to help her get over all that her father had caused in her.
	I sighed and took my bags out of the car and unpacked.  By the time that I was through unpacking I heard a soft knock on my house door.  I walked over and opened up the door.   Loreen stood there in her dress smiling.  I opened the door and she walked in.   She sat down on the couch and I walked over and sat down beside her.    The way she looked told me that something was wong.  But I wasn't sure what it was and I was scared to ask her what was wrong with her.   But I had to build up the courage or I would never get anywhere with this beautiful and incredibly smart girl.    "Whats wrong Loreen?"   I asked softly placing my hand on her shoulder.
	She didn't say anything for a few seconds just stared down at her feet.   Then she looked up into my brown eyes her dark green eyes penetraing me and looking deep into my soul.   "I am scared Mark.  I have never been this scared before.   You opend something in me and  I am so scared of it.  That is why, why I sometimes act the way that I have before.  I am scared that you are going to hurt me and do things to me that I won't like."
	I softly smiled and bought my hand up to her cheek.  She cupped it in my hand as if it fitted right there in my hand.   "Loreen I would never  hurt you.  I love you.  I could never dream of hurting you never."   She smiled softly and I continued.  "And if there was something you didn't want me to do I would never do it I swear."   
	She nodded and I saw one tear go down her cheek and I slowly brought her into my body.  Her face crushed against my chest and she started to cry.   I ran my hands though her hair softly stroking it letting her cry it all out.  All of her pain and suffering over the years.  "My real father raped me and. ..he made me like it.  He told me to pretend like I liked it.  To call  his name and to make him cum.  And you being attracted to me and me feeling things for you that I have never felt before just made all of that come back and made me revert into that slut that my father made.   And well some part of me wanted you so badly so I did all of those games and it just brought it all back to life and you took my fathers place but not really.    You were never really like my father never.  . ." Her tears overwhelmed her and I let her cry into my chest.    I continued to stroke her hair.    
	My fragile Loreen even to this day the pain has never totally escaped her though she is very good at love making now and she has great pleasure.  But I don't mean to spoil that for you just yet.   She continued to cry and a few tears even escaped my eyes feeling this pain for the one that I loved and cared so much about.    She cried for thirty minutes and when she stoped it was only because she was sound asleep pressed to me.  I laid down on the couch that we had been sitting on and got us both comftrable and rapped a blanket around us.  I was asleep in a matter of minutes.   With Loreen deep in my arms.  I could feel my hard on pressed against one of her legs but I did not bother to do anything other than stroke her hair until I was also sound asleep.

Chapter 8

	I woke up a few hours later.   The blanket was wrapped around me but Loreen was gone.  I got up and walked from the living room and into the kitchen.  She had left a note in the kitchen on the frig.  I picked it up and read it:  I had to go home and eat dinner.   Be back later tonight.  Can I stay the night?   It was a question that I could not refuse.  I called over at her house and her father told me that it was fine if she stayed the night and that she should be over in a few hours.   I ate dinner and sat down to watch television when the knock came to my door.  I pulled it open and there was Loreen beautiful Loreen.  She was wearing another dress this one was even shorter than the other.  It was so short that I was sure I would be able to see her panties if she bent over even a little bit.   She was wearing socks that went up to her knees and her hair was tied back in a pony tail.  I opened the screen door and let her in.    She walked up to me and planted a kiss on my cheek.  My cock gave a jerk in my pants and I tired to ignore it.
	For about an hour we  sat and watched television.  I could feel her gaze over at me every now and then and I was sure that she knew I was gazing at her white legs and her form fitting dress.   School was out for the whole week it was spring break so I had nothing to worry about.  I could spend it all with Loreen.  Which was good because we needed the time.   I bought my hand around her shoulders and she leand into me.  I held her close and kissed the top of her head.   She smiled and a few minutes later she stood up.  
	Did she know that she was sudicing me?  I still ask my self that question sometimes.  She never did answer me when I asked.  Sometimes  I think that she was just doing all of this because she wanted it as much as I did.  Other times I think she was doing it because she knew I would not do anything unless she suduced me first.   But was she or did she already think that she had me in her grasp.  I didn't know.  But I sure got one hell of a show that night.    She stood up and when she did I saw a breif flash of her panties.   They were white and low cut.  The sexy kind that you sometimes see little girls wear with fancy clothing.   
	When she came back she sat down on my lap and grinded her small boney ass against my hard cock.  I almost came right then and there.   She stopped grinding and wiggling and sat down with her ass pressing against it from the front.   She leand back on me and smiled and said,  "can I sleep with you in  your bed?"   I nodded and she giggled and went back to watching the show.   I am  still not sure what she was trying to do to me.   Earlier she had been so afraid that I would turn out like her father but since I had done nothing to hurt her and she wanted it as much as I did.   She had always wanted it as much as me she was just scared of it.  
	Around eleven the movie ended and we went up to my room and she went into the bathroom to get ready for bed.   I slipped into my boxers and a shirt and slid under the covers.  My hard on was still raging in my shorts.   I had been hard by that time for about two hours and I wanted to cum so badly but knew she was not ready to go that far just yet.   Hell I didn't think we would get as far as we did that night.   She came out of the bathroom wearing a short shir that showed off the bottom of her panties.   She slipped into the bed and smelled faintly of little girl.   She came into my arms and I held her close to me facing me.   My hard on was pressed gainst the top of her thigh close to her pussy.   She smiled at me and pulled away slightly.  I felt her hand slide down the front of my body and into my boxers.  Her  hand slipped around my hard cock and she said,  "oh Mark if I had known that you had that in your shorts  I would have done something about it sooner than now."    She cocked her head and giggled at me.  
	I remember the feel of her soft hand on my huge erection.  I had wanted to blow right then  and there the cum was so close to cumming but I held it off trying to concentrate on what was going on.   Her hand slwoly moved up and down the length of my hard cock exploring it.  A slight fear showed in her eyes and I whispered in her ear,  "we won't go any further than you want to.  If all you want to do is jack me off then that is all we will do."   The fear disappered and her small hand continued to explore and stroke the length of my hard cock.   I moaned.  It felt so good feeling that small hand wrapped around my hard cock moving up and down the length and genlty playing with the top.   Two times in the first ten minutes I almost let it all come out.   She signled for me to lay on my back and I did.
	She took her hand off and pulled the covers back.  I was content with letting her explore at her own pace.  I didn't want to rush things and look like a rapist in her eyes.  Not when I loved her so much.   She pulled my boxers down and I helped by lifting my ass off of the bed.   My huge hard on appeard from underneath them.  It was a normal sized one but it was still rock hard, harder than I had ever seen it before.   She looked at it and slowly stroked it with her hand again.  I moaned again and she giggled.    God I loved that giggle she still does it to this day.  Hell one time  all she did was giggle and my hard on just popped straight up into the air.   She continued to stroke it and then stopped for a little bit.
	I thought that that was all that she was going to do that she had had enough.  She leand over and pulled my shirt up over my head.  I helpe by sitting up.   She leaned over and kissed me deeply on the lips for the fist time I could feel her own passion.  Our tounges met inside my moute tangled around each other.  I could fee lhte heat andthe passion.   We  pushed and pulled tounges not letting go.  I could feel her hand stroking my hard cock.   She broke the kiss and looked into my eyes and said,  "When you have to go and can not hold back just cum.  If my mouth is still on it don't worry."   With that I knew what she wanted to do and I knew that I would cum as soon as she did anything with that mouth.
	She slowly went down my body lighlty licking my neck and then using her tounge around my nipples and my belly button.   Then she moved on downwards and reached where it was.   She cupped my balls in her hand and gently stroked them.   I felt her tounge lash out and hit the tip of my cock.  It gave a shudder and a drop of pre-cum appeared.  She licked the drop off and did the same thing again.   Then she brought her mouth over the hard organ and slid it down.  I let out a huge moan as I felt that small warm mouth cup the tip of my hard cock.   She slowly started to move her head up and down all of my shaft that she could get in.  I slowly started to thurst with her when I had her motions down.   Then I knew it was cumming.  I could not stop it.  It was just too much feeling her soft warm small mouth on my hard cock that had been like that for three hours now.
	I blew my load.  I felt it build up in my balls like never before and then relase itsself in her soft mouth.  At first I thought she would be grossed out but not my little Loreen.  I saw the mucles in  her throat contract once with swollowing before I closed my eyes and let my orgasm over take me.  I just kept cumming.  Some of it did spill out but most of it went down Loreen's throat.  After about two minutes I finished cuming though it felt like eternity.  Loreen wipped me clean as I laid there just resting from one of the largest cums of my life.   She laid down beside me and I noticed for the first time her panties.  A huge wet spot was on the front of them.   She smiled at me and came into my arms holding on to me.   I knew that I was starting to fall asleep and I couldn't ask her if she came or not but there was a relaxed mood in her eyes and I think she fell asleep before I did.

Chapter 9.

	That morning I woke up in bed still naked.   Loreen was laying beside me curled up in my arms.  I kissed her forhead and she mummbled something.  I didn't want to push anything I wanted her to let me know when she was ready for me to do anything to her.  I gently slipped out of the bed and put on my boxers and shirt.  I went downstairs and started to fix some breakfast.  I was remembering the feel of her small mouth on my hard cock while I fixed breakfast and my cock just got hard again as I thought of her mouth on it.    Loreen walked  into the kitchen just as I finished breakfast and she smiled and walked up to me hugging me from behind.   She dug her face into the back of my shirt and whispered,  "I love you Mark."
	I leaned back and whispred back to her,  "I love you also sweetheart."   She smiled and sat down at the table.  I walked over with two plates totally forgetting about my hard on sticking up in my shorts.  Loreen though saw it and giggled slightly.
	"If I had known I had that effect on you all  the time I wouldn't hug you so much."   She giggled again and I sat the plates down.   She kissed me on the lips a long lasting kiss with a small tounge stuck in my mouth before she leaned back over to her food and ate it.   I smiled and continued to eat my food.  When we were done she told me to go sit on the couch.  I did so.  She came out of the bathroom a few minutes later wearing her clothes from yesterday night.   She walked over to me and got inbetween my legs  looking up at me.    "Your a bad boy Mark.  Now I'm gonna have to do something about that thing in between your legs."  She smiled up at me and pulled my boxers down.   "Now don't look between my legs big boy."  She winked which told me that she wanted me to look between her legs.
	I peeke down her body looking between her spred legs.  Her dress was pulled up and there it was for the first time.  I saw her slit bare naked.  It was so beautiful.  There was no hair not even the slightest hint of hair on it.   The lips were perfect and thin with a slight swell of her mound.   I could see a faint wetness on the slit and I knew she was getting as turned on as I was.  She slipped her mouth on my hard cock and slowly started to move her mouth over it.  I let out a loud moan as she continued to suck on my cock.  I felt like I was about to explode.  But what a feeling that soft small mouth on my hard cock.  I blew my load when she sucked really hard.  It just started to pour out into her mouth shot after shot.   She swollowed it all  and then cleaned me up with her tounge.
	She smiled up at me and climbed onto my lap.  My cock stayed soft at least for a few minutes.     Then she laid down at the other end of the large couch and spread her legs showing me her pussy slit and she said to me the only invatation that I needed.  "Why don't you come and explore Mark?"    That was all that I needed and it was all that my cock needed to get hard again.  I brought my hands down over her long soft legs and slowly let a finger go up and down her slit.  And there at the top was her small clit it was sticking up and it was ready for exploration.  I slowly circled my finger around it and she let out a loud moan.  That was when I decided it was time to taste what my lover tasted like.  
	I slowly brought my mouth down over her small pussy lips.  I could cover it totally with my mouth and I slowly used my tounge to probe around her small clit.  When I did so she thrusted her hips so that it met with my mouth easier.  Then I moved my tounge down to her pussy hole.   The hole was not as small as it should have been.  I could tell that she had been violated.  I slowly dipped my tounge into that small hole and could feel the mucles of it contract and  hold onto my tounge.  I could feel her getting close to orgasm on my mouth as I continued to explore her body.   She thrusted against my probing tounge a few times before she let out a huge groaning moan.
	I smiled at the sound and continued to thrust my tounge into her pussy.  She cried out my name and buried her hands in my hair.   She started to cum.   Her jucies all started to flow into my mouth  as she continued to thurst her hips against my mouth.  My cock was throbing as I felt her come over the edge.   She continued to moan her hands in my hair gripped tighter and she moaned out my name almost on the brink of screaming.   Then it was over and she collapsed where she was.  I cleaned her pussy off and  looked up at her face.  Her eyes were glazed over and a huge smile was on her lips.   The signs of extreme pleasure.   I brought  myself up by her side and brought her small body in my arms.    
	"Oh god Mark I never knew it could be like that.  I never knew it could be so much pleasure."  She whispers to me softly.
	"There is so much you didn't know Loreen and I want to teach it all to you.  But not now for now just rest and relax.   That was your first real orgasm."   And she fell alseep in my arms as I held her protectivly.

Chapter 10.

	Later that afternoon when she woke up I realized that I had nothing at all in the house for us to eat if she was going to be staying here for more than a day or two.     I stood up and pulled on a new pair of underwear and pants and then slipped on a tee-shirt.   When I came out of my bedroom Loreen was up and rubbing her eyes.   She was still naked and my cock was starting to get hard but I ignored it for now.   "I have to go shopping Loreen if you are going to stay here for more than tonight."    She nodded and walked over to me.   She leaned over and kissed me deeply on the lips as if to say that there was more where that came from.    Then she slipped on her panties, a skirt and a shirt.    We put our shoes and socks on then stood up and I grabbed my keys and wallet.
	We arrived at the grocery store ten minutes later and got a cart.     We were going up and down the isles for awhile when I realized that almost no one was at the store.  Loreen was walking ahead of me and every once in a while she would "accidently"  show her panties off to me.     I could feel my hard on pressing against the inside of my pants and I ignored it while we continued to shop.     When we reached the section of the store that was close to the bathroom I told her that I had to go to the bathroom though I really didn't.   A smile appeared on her lips and she followed me into the mens bathroom.    No one was in the bathroom.    I walked back to the last of the four stalls and opend it then closed the stall.   It was the wheelchair stall and it was perfect.    
	I pulled down my pants and my boxers leaving my hard on bare and standing straight up.   Loreen looked at it and smiled.   She went down on her knees and very gently took my hard cock into her hands and stroked it for a few seconds before she genlty brought her lips over the cock and slid her mouth down on it.    She continued to blow me  while I stroked my hands though her hair.    When I started cumming in her mouth my little Loreen swollowed all of my ejaculate and then cleaned my now limp cock off.   Then she stood up and wiped her lips and smiled at me.  As I pulled my pants back on she leaned over and kissed me deeply on the lips.  Our tounges met for a fraction of a second and then she opend and unlocked the door.   We walked back out to the cart and continued to shop.   And I knew then that she was not shy about doing it in strange places.
	We bought everything that we needed and one of the kids there just happend to be a student of mine.     She asked me who Loreen was since I didn't have a daughter and in fact they knew I wasn't married I explained,  "She is my next door neighbor's kid and I am watching her for the week while they are gone."   That was that and then we were gone.   In the car on the way back home Loreen smiled at me and leaned her head on my shoulder.
	"Why couldn't you say that I was your girlfriend Mark?"
	I sighed at that.  I had known that it was comming there was no doubt in my mind that Loreen had been wondering about that.   I smiled and rested my hand on her lap petting her leg,  "because my love I would be arrested for pedophillia.  They would think that everything we did was against your will even though you are willing and your parents agree to it also."    She nodded and kissed my cheek before leaning her head back on my shoulder and falling asleep on the drive home.    When we arrived back at the house I unloaded the car while she went upstairs to the bedroom and laid down in the bed to get more sleep.    I walked up the stairs and into the room that she was in and Loreen sat up and smiled at me.  I could tell that something was wrong.  "Mark how come you never talk about your past?"   She asked me softly.
	I sat down beside her on the bed and brought her into my arms.   "Sometimes Loreen there are things that you don't want to talk about, things that  you could never control and things that you don't want to control.   My past sometimes scares me and makes me think that I am not a healthy or normal person though I think that I am past most of it sometimes it surpises me how much of it I am still not over.    Do you want to hear about my past?"
	Loreen leaned closer to me and said in a quiet voice,  "yes Mark please.  I want to know everything about the man that I am going to one day probably marry."  I smiled and rubbed her shoulder.
	"It started probably when  I was 8 years old. . ."


Chapter 11.

	"It started probably when I was 8 years old.   We had just moved into a huge house that was for me a new place to explore.   It was the sixties a time of possibilities and even trouble.  The new neighborhood was not one of those that you see today.  There was true friendly neighbors.  There was a real community.    It was diffrent and quite refreshing would be the word that discribed that time.   It was around the second month of living there that it happend.   I found a room up in the attic that I sort of considered my private play land and up there in that room one night I found a dirty magazine.   I didn't know what it was so I threw it out but that is not the true focus of this story.   It was up there in that room that things begun to change for me.   My big sister knew I was up in that attic room she was 16 at the time and she could not get anything she wanted.   She was the oldest of the family and she was trying to date boys her own age.   But it wasn't working out.
	"None of the boys her age wanted to give her more than a peck on the cheek.  The considered her a good girl and that was the truth considering the fact that she always wore panties and pantyhoes and long dresses.   It was one night after we had been there for two months that she burst in on me up in that room.   I was playing with something and she just stared at me for a little while.  I was the only boy in the family besides my father and she I suppose knew that she could not go for him.    Anyways she said to me,  'hey Mark want to play a new game?'  I thought about it and said yes.   She closed the door to the room and walked over to me and stood me up.  
	"She pulled my shorts down and then ripped my shirt over my head and ran her hands up and down my back feeling my ass and stopping there.   Then she pulled my underwear off and looked at my soft cock.  I was in shock and was very scared.  I was also starting to cry.  I was so scared.   They say it doesn't happen that girls don't rape guys but that is not always true.   She got down on her knees and started rubbing my limp 8 year old cock.   When it got hard she smiled and pulled down her panties and laid down on the bed bringing me with her.   She pushed me into her and  she made me fuck her.  And from that day on for about two years she made me fuck her.  She would burst in on me in that room and strip me of all my clothing and just fuck me.   And when she was done she would get up and leave.    Then she moved away.
	"If it had been just her I would have gotten over all of that long ago.  But it wasn't.  What happend next was the straw that never got me over the back.   I was walking home from school one day  when a guy came running out of no where and picked me up.  He took me back to his house and repeatidly raped me unitl he had had enough.   Then he dropped me off at my house and he was never found.  He was too  smart for that I suppose.   But it didn't stop there.  Two years later I learned from my sister when she came home to visit that the guy that raped me was a friend of hers and that she had watched him rape me.   She liked it and she liked doing it with me.   When I turned sixteen I tried to have sexual relations with girls and it didn't work at first.  But after a few trys and a few failurs  I got dates and even made love to a few girls."    

Chapter 12.

	". . .And that is my story Loreen my love."   She was  quietly holding on to me as I had finished telling her my story.   I had never really planned to tell anyone that story.  Not even the girl of my dreams.  It was just too painful for me to bear.   But I had to tell it I had no real choice.    Loreen had wanted to hear it and she had wanted us to be made complete.   "I never want to do anything to deal with asses other than looking at them.  I think lots of girls have good ones and yours is the best one by far."   At that she smiled and held on to me closer.   Our moods changed and I think that we both knew then what was going to happend.
	I gently laid her down on the bed and ran my hands up her legs until I reached her pussy.  I slipped a hand under her panties and gently stroked her slit.   I leand over and kissed her on the lips gently as I continued to feel her body.  I brought my hand out and pulled her shirt over her head.   She smiled as I moved my hands over her flat chest and belly.   I undid her skirt and slipped it down off of her body just leaving her panties.   I brought my lips to hers again our tounges twisting.  I then gently used my tounge to trace her lips.  I moved down over her chin and using my tounge on her neck I continued on down over to one of her nipples.  I gently sucked in the nipple and did the same to the other as I continued on my way down.  I moved over her flat tummy and down to her panties.  I gently pulled them down revealing her beautiful hairless ten year old girl slit.  I sprea dher legs and brought my tounge down lashing out on her pussy.  She cried out as she buried her hands in my hair.  I let her.
	I continued to explore the contours and taste the smell of her small body.  To this day she still smells this way it has never changed and I love the smell so much.  I gently probe her pussy hole feeling it gripping on my tounge.   I pulled my tounge out and looked up at her closed eyes.   I stood up and pulled my shirt over my head.  I then pulled my pants off and laid them down on the floor.  Loreen was watching me and waiting.   I pulled my boxers off and walked over to the edge of the bed.   She gently took me in her hand and stroked my hard cock for a few minutes before she slipped her mouth over it and used her tounge on the tip.   Then she laid down on the bed and spread her legs.
	I gently brought myself down on top of her and felt my cock at the entrance to her small pussy.   She brought her mouth up to mine we met and kissed and she slipped her hand down to the top of my ass as if to signal that she was ready and wanted.   I thrusted my cock into her small pussy.   I felt the small lips gripping my hard cock.  I will always remember the feel of that small body under me as I made love to her for the first time.   I thrusted into her deeper and she let out a cry of pleasure as we joined.   She thrusted with me and moaned my name as we continued to move in pleasure.    A joined union.   I could feel the cum starting to build up in my cock and I tried to hold it back until she also came.
	I thursted into her one more time and she let out a cry of pleasure and I felt her pussy start to squeeze my hard cock as she started her orgasm.  I pushed one more time and all of my seed was released into her body.   I felt it seeping out into her small body.  We were joined in union at last and it was so beautiful. When we were done cumming I rolled over on the bed and brought her with me so that she was on top and I didn't hurt her as we slept.  Both of us were so tired and needed the rest.  It was so easy to slip away.   So Easy. . .

Epilouge

	And I suppose that that is the neatest and cleanest ending that I can give to this story.   Why stop there you ask?   Simple because this story is one about how a grown man fell in love with a pre-teen girl and how she forever changed his life.   I married Loreen when she turned fifteen years old.   I married her out of love and a year later our first child was on his way. That first book I wrote did not sell as well as I would have liked but  my second book became a national bestseller and needless to say I quit my teaching job and now write full time.  We still live next door to her parents and I find that comferting.    
	Today Loreen is turning 21 and she has been waiting for this day for years.   She is pregnant again with our second child and I hope that the daughter she is carrying has a better life than my Loreen did.    And while I talk about the past the future is so close.  I must go now these are my final words.  Loreen is calling me to fix dinner and I must help because after all she is my love my only reason to live.    So I leave you with these words:  Always Search for true love and always be true to that love.

					THE END



Authors Closing Words:  I hope that this story did not disappoint anyone.   I  also hope that you really enjoyed this story and that you will continue to look for more of what I write.   I am currently working and will see what develops till then re-read my stories or go look at some other Authors works on Mr. Double's web site.     They are all  good writers and I give thanks to some of them who inspired me to write.

				GoDSpiT 
				Story Copyright:  1997













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....






