Archive-name: Bondage/lovehrt1.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Maria's Story: Love Hurts! [1 of 5]


         --------------(   WARNING   )----------------
     This story contains lesbian and non-consenual sex. If
     such subject matter offends you, please press 'N' now.
         ---------------------------------------------

     She laid there in bed, watching her reflection in the mirror over
the dresser.  She liked what she saw.  True, she didn't have breasts as
large as Maria's, but Collin loved them.  And Maria sure loved to suck
and play with them, too.  Her hands went to her top, quickly pulling it
over her head, she tossed it on the floor.
     She loved the look of the lacy bra that confined her breasts.  The
sensation of it as it softly rubbed her skin would sometimes send shivers
through her body.  She reached behind and undid the hooks.  She allowed
the bra to fall off her shoulders, slowly revealing her pale, firm
breasts as if teasing an unseen lover.
     Maria's might be big enough so she could suck her own tits, but they
sagged.  Hers, on the other hand, stood out all by themselves, the
nipples pointing upward.  She cupped her breasts as if offering them to
her own image in the mirror.  Her thumbs and forefingers gently tweaked
her nipples until they extended a full half inch.  The pleasure she felt
fell like waves deep within her vagina.  She shivered with delight.  One
hand still fondling her breasts, the other moved to her pants and tried
to push them down.
     Damn, she thought when she realized that she would need both hands. 
Quickly getting up from the bed, she removed her pants.   Again, she
looked at her reflection and admired her lithesome body.  Slender and
firm.  That described her to a tee.  Her hands moved to her buttocks,
squeezing the firm flesh.  Moving around to her front, they stroked her
smooth firm stomach.  She moved closer to the mirror.  She dug her
fingers under the waistband of her bikini briefs, and teasingly lowered
them slowly revealing her bush.
     Sitting back upon the end of the bed, she never took her eyes off
her mirrored image.  One hand returned and caressed her breasts.  The
other raised to her mouth and inserted a finger within.  She tongued it,
making sure it was nice and wet.  She moved it down and started stroking
her clit.  Soon, one hand was not enough and she brought its twin into
action.  She lay back on the bed and tried to watch herself in the
mirror.
     "Fuck!" she complained out loud as she turned over and pulled down a
pillow from the top of the bed.  Placing it under her head and shoulders,
she was happy that she had at last a clear view.  Her hands returned to
what they had been doing and she lay there enjoying the sensation.  She
inserted one finger into her vagina and slowly moved it in and out.  Her
buttocks squirming, she tried to reach deep within to ease the itch she
felt inside.  "Shit!" she swore again out loud.  "I need something
bigger... something longer..."
     Sitting up and looking around, she spied a hair brush on the
dresser.  Up she jumped, snatched the brush off the dresser, and nearly
tripped in her haste to return to the bed.  Once back into position, she
brought the brush handle to her mouth.  As if it was an erect penis, she
licked and sucked the hard handle, moving it back and forth between her
lips.
     Well, it ain't as big as Collin, and it doesn't taste as good
either, but it'll have to do for now, she thought.  She laughed at her
thoughts and moved the handle to her vaginal lips.  Slowly pushing it in
with one hand, her other hand caressed and teased her clitoris.  Her hips
began to move upward to meet the handle as it delved deep within her
hole.
     Her eyes, now closed, no longer watched her reflected image.  Ah,
that's better, she thought as she felt the waves of heat build deep down
inside her.  Moving the brush more rapidly, she began to moan.  She could
feel the fires burn through out her entire body and knew that soon her
bubble would burst, bringing her release.  As her movements became more
frantic, she was practically bouncing on the bed.  She now held the brush
with two hands, moving it faster and faster in an attempt to climb that
final peak.
     "What the fuck do you think you're doing?  Shit!  Is that my brush
you have there?  Christ, Heather, give me my brush before you break it. 
Haven't you anything better to do than fuck yourself at this time of
day?"
     Heather froze, cursing the interruption.  Damn, just a few strokes
more and I'm there, she thought.  Trying to ignore the yelling going on,
she continued to thrust the brush handle deep within her vagina.  A hand
grabbed the brush and yanked it out-- out of her vagina and out of her
hands.  "Please Maria, not now.  Give me the brush back.  I'm almost
there.  Damn it!  I need it!"
     "Fuck you, bitch.  Go get your own brush if you can find it.  Shit,
you leave your stuff all over this place.  Look at this, you've left your
clothing all over the floor.  You have to be the sloppiest person I know. 
Get up from there and pick up these clothes.  What if we had company?" 
Maria reached out and smacked Heather's thigh with the brush.  "Come on,
I said 'Move'!  I have to go out tonight, and I still have to get
dressed.  Come on, get up and clean this place up."
     Heather opened her eyes, resigned to the fact that she wasn't going
to get off now.  There before her stood Maria, her face red with rage. 
Shit thought Heather, here comes the lecture.  She looked up at Maria in
defiance, and went back to stroking her burning clit, hoping it would
distract Maria from the upcoming tirade.
     "And further more, where the hell were you this afternoon?  I don't
remember you asking if you could take off early.  How the fuck do you
expect me to maintain discipline in the office when you do whatever you
feel like?  And stop that!  If you think you can get me side-tracked,
you're wrong.  I have to go out, and don't have time for that shit." 
Maria turned away so she couldn't see Heather's teasing antics, and moved
to the dresser.
     "Shit, Maria. I didn't have anything to do there, and I was bored. 
You have to admit that business has been slow.  Besides, you know I can't
stand all that office crap.  I have to create.  And pushing paper is
stifling."  Heather stopped her masturbation and watched Maria disrobe.
     Maria stripped off her dress and stood there in her bra and panties. 
She looked through the wardrobe for something to wear.  "But Heather, you
know you have to set an example for the others.  I can't allow you
special privileges, and then expect the others not to do likewise.  And,
as far as business being slow, it shouldn't be after tonight."
     Heather got up and moved behind Maria.  "What do you mean after
tonight?  Where are you going?"
     "Well, I have a dinner engagement with Mrs. Vanderheim.  We are to
discuss re-decorating her penthouse again.  And if you remember the last
time, we should end up with lots of work, and if we're lucky, a few
dollars in the bank.  Do me a favor will you, sweetheart?  Unhook me?"
     Heather unhooked Maria's bra.  Her hands following the straps around
to Maria's heavy breasts, gently squeezed the warm flesh.  Her lips
nuzzled against Maria's neck.  She pressed her naked body tight against
Maria's bare back.  Maria's nipples started to harden under Heather's
touch.  Maria leaned back against her momentarily, and then quickly
straightened.
     "Please, sweetheart, not now.  I really have to get ready for dinner
with Mrs. Vanderheim."
     "Yeah, and I know what the dessert is going to be afterward.  That
old bitch only wants you.  And she doesn't give a fuck about your
decorating skills.  She has to be crazy, or at least the horniest bitch
in the world.  This has to be the fourth time in the past six years that
she has us re-doing her place.  Guess she ran out of friends who can
afford to re-decorate."
     "Now Heather, that's not fair.  Okay, so she does expect a little
something in return for throwing business our way, but she is our most
dependable customer.  And you might actually be surprised by how good she
can be in bed.  Just because she is in her late fifties, doesn't mean
that she still doesn't feel passion.  Or, for that matter, know how to
make others feel that same passion.  Not all of us are as young as you. 
Anyhow, I thought you were spending the night with Collin?"
     "Well, I'm glad it's you that has to keep her satisfied.  I'd puke
if I had to sleep with the old cunt.  At least now I can expect to have
something more interesting to do at work.  And as for Collin, he should
be here in about a half hour.  We planning to go over to his place, but
if you're going out, maybe we'll stay here."
     "No you don't!  You know our arrangement.  You can spend the night
with any cock you want, but not here.  I will not have a male here over
night in this apartment.  No matter how good you are at work, or here for
that matter, that is one transgression I will never forgive.  If you
insist..."
     "Okay, okay.  Jesus, don't get so upset.  I don't understand you
sometimes.  It's okay if I fuck the hell out of some guy in the next room
while you watch through your little peephole, but God forbid he should
stay the night.  No big deal.  I'll go to his place.  Don't sweat it.  I
haven't broken my word yet.  I just can't understand why you get all
upset over a little fucking.  I don't complain when you do it with other
women."
     "Heather, please.  We've had this understanding for seven years now. 
I accept your need for cocks even if I don't understand it.  And you
accept my occasional need for other women.  I just won't have men staying
here over night.  The set up worked well for both of us.  Please don't
ruin it now."
     "Okay, like I said, don't sweat it.  I'll go over to Collin's
tonight, and I'll see you tomorrow at work.  Just make sure you get the
old cunt to pay big bucks for what's she's getting."  Heather gave Maria
a parting slap on her behind and left the room.
     Maria watched her leave.  God, what a body, she mused.  Maria moved
to stand in front of the mirror.  Well, she wasn't that bad herself.  Who
would think that she was 39, practically 40.  She ran her hands across
her flat stomach.  Her breasts were large and sagged a bit.  But they had
been like that since she was a teenager.  The way men had always reacted
to her large breasts had made her feel sick.  They had tried on every
occasion to grab a feel, a kiss, a fuck.  Just because she had big tits
and a nice ass, they thought she was just dying to spread her legs and
hop into bed with them.  She hated it then, and hated it even more today. 
Any man who worked for her, who even looked at her cross-eyed, she had
canned.
     Maria removed the rest of her clothing and went to take a shower. 
She thought of her pending meeting with Suzie Vanderheim.  If Heather
only knew just how good Suzie was.  Suzie and Maria went back along way. 
It was Suzie who first introduced Maria to the world of Sapphism.  Had it
really been almost twenty years?


                             -----o0o-----


     Maria had just stared work for old Mr. Cohen, when he had taken her
along on a job to decorate Suzie's apartment.  Maria had been fascinated
with the wealth she saw there.  Suzie had been married to a wealthy
banker, who had died a year earlier.  Coming out of mourning, she decided
she needed to redo the gloomy surroundings.  Maria's suggestions appeared
to be just what Suzie was looking for.  Mr. Cohen was reluctant to allow
a novice like Maria to take charge of the redecorating.  But Suzie had
threatened to take her business elsewhere if Maria didn't do it
personally.
     Little known to Maria then, but Suzie had implemented Phase One of
Maria's seduction.  Maria worked like a madman, ensuring the changes were
carried out just the way she and Suzie had planned.  Many late nights and
weekends were spent working in the apartment.  But Maria was determined
to prove to Mr. Cohen that he hadn't made a mistake in letting her do the
job.  And to prove to Suzie that she hadn't misplaced her trust in Maria.
     Late one night, the job was finished.  Maria was ever so proud of
what she had accomplished.  Suzie was there and insisted they open a
bottle of champagne to celebrate.  Maria was never sure how the
conversation turned out the way it did.  First, they were talking about
how much Suzie liked the finished product and the next thing Maria knew,
they were talking about what beasts men were.  She knew she was drinking
too much, but Suzie kept refilling her glass, saying she just had to
celebrate her success.  That had been Phase Two of her seduction.  Soon,
too tipsy to anything but lie down, she accepted Suzie's offer of a bed
for the night.
     Suzie helped her to a bedroom.  Maria should have realized that
something wasn't right then.  The bedroom was Suzie's own and not one of
the spare guest rooms.  The next thing Maria remembered was Suzie
undressing her completely, and laying down beside her on the bed. 
Feathery lips brushed against her eyes and lips as gentle fingers
caressed her breasts.  Her mind engulfed by an alcoholic fog, Maria
couldn't find the energy to protest.  And as the lips moved down to join
the fingers at her breasts, she found she was enjoying the attention.  A
small sigh escaped her as the lips left her breasts and moved down across
her stomach.
   She felt Suzie reposition herself lower upon the bed.  Curiosity
overcame her initial resistance as Suzie parted her thighs, revealing her
naked sex.  She held her breath in anticipation as Suzie gently ran her
hand along her slit.  A shudder ran through her body as Suzie parted her
vaginal lips, exposing the tender pink center.  And she was unable to
stop a moan as Suzie's fingers first made contact with her clitoris.
     Even after all these years, Maria wondered about her reactions that
night.  She had never liked sex.  Always felt it was ugly and disgusting. 
Whether it was simply too much to drink that night, or the final release
of all her sexual frustrations, Maria would never know.  All she did know
was that when Suzie's mouth first touched her aching vagina, it was like
a dam had burst.  Her moans filled the room as she squirmed beneath
Suzie's devouring tongue as it sucked her dry, not once but twice.


                             -----o0o-----


     Even today, years later, thinking of that tongue sent flames of lust
through her body.  Maria had had many women as lovers since that night,
and none had a tongue like Suzie.  Heather came close at times, but
didn't have Suzie's experience.
     Maria had more to thank Suzie for than just her introduction into to
love.  They had become lovers, Maria even moving in to live with Suzie. 
Several years past and old Mr. Cohen died.  His wife, not knowing the
business, was more than happy to sell it to Maria.  It was Suzie who
loaned her the money.  The loan long repaid, Suzie still went out of her
way to send customers to Maria.  They had long ago stopped being steady
lovers, each needing something new.  But they managed to get together
occasionally to enjoy old times.  Tonight would be one of those times. 
Mixing business with pleasure was always fun.
     Finishing her shower, Maria returned to the bedroom to get dressed. 
She thought about Heather and how she had been reminded of herself when
they first met.  Ready to take on the whole world.  Damn good at the
creative.  But Heather couldn't handle the routine.
     Physically, they were very different.  Heather was almost boyish in
appearance, short blond hair, narrow hips and small breasts.  Maria
thought back to the first time she and Heather had made love.


                             ----o0o-----


     They had been working late one night on some project.  After being
so close to the girl, Maria couldn't take it any more.  So she had made a
half-hearted pass, not really sure what Heather's reaction would be.  She
was more than a little surprised when Heather agreed to come home with
her.
     When they arrived at Maria's apartment, Heather immediately started
to remove her clothes.  She asked where the bedroom was, and when Maria
pointed to it, she walked naked as a jay bird to the room.  Maria was
taken back by Heather's actions, and hurried to the bedroom after her. 
Heather lay spread-eagled upon the bed, waiting.
     "What do you think you're doing?" Maria asked.
     "Waiting for you," had been Heather's reply.  "Why waste time with
conversation when we both know why you invited me here.  You want me. 
You've wanted me ever since the first day I came to work for you.  All
those longing looks you give me when you think I don't see you.  All
those excuses to touch me.  You want me bad.  I know you're queer.  Hell,
everyone in the office knows that.  Doesn't bother me if it's a man or a
woman doing me as long as I enjoy it."  Heather placed her hands on her
vagina.  Spreading her vaginal lips so Maria could see the hot pink
flesh, she began to stroke herself.  "So are you going to stand there all
night, or do I have to do myself?" she challenged.
     Heather was too sure of herself.  But Maria wasn't about to lose the
chance to make love to that beautiful body.  She quickly disrobed and
joined Heather on the bed.
     Before she was able to settle in the bed,  Heather reached out and
clamped her mouth to Maria's breast.  She seemed to try to suck the whole
thing into her mouth.  One hand went between Maria's thighs and
immediately found her clit.  Maria was startled.  She had not been
prepared for this kind of attack, and it reminded her of the men who had
pawed her when she was a teenager.  She tried to pull away and disengage
herself from Heather's grasp, but the little woman was surprisingly
strong.
     "No.  Please, don't.  Not like that," Maria cried out.
     Heather reached up with her free hand and grabbed Maria's long black
hair.  Giving a yank, she pulled the woman down on the  bed next to her. 
"We do it my way first," she said with a smile.  She jammed her fingers
in Maria's vagina, moving them rapidly in and out.  "Tell me how much you
want me.  Tell me how hot I make you," she ordered.
     Maria struggled in vain.  No matter what she did, she could not free
herself.  "Please, not like this," she begged the girl.
     "Tell me you want it, want me."  Heather pushed herself away from
Maria and knelt on the bed.  "Stop your whining and tell me, or I'll
leave."
     Maria reached out for the girl only to have her hand slapped down. 
Heather started to move to the edge of the bed.
     "Please don't go.  I want you," Maria said, reluctantly giving in.
     "You gonna stop your damn whining?" Heather asked.
     "Yes.  Please don't leave."
     "We gonna do this my way?"
     "Yes.  Yes, anything you want.  Just come back to me."
     "Good.," Heather said seeing the look of surrender on Maria's face. 
"Now tell me how much you want me, how hot I make you."
     Awkwardly, Maria replied, "I want you.  I want you bad.  You make me
so hot."
     Heather crawled back beside Maria.  "How hot do I make you?"
     Maria was disgusted by how she was behaving.  But she just had to
have this girl.  And if the only way was to play this disgusting little
game of hers, she would.  At least until it was her turn.  She moved her
hands to her vagina and spreading her nether lips wide, she said, "Feel
for yourself.  Put your hand on my cunt and see how hot you make me."
     Heather jammed two fingers deep into Maria's waiting hole.  Roughly
moving them around, she watched Maria, waiting to see if she would again
complain about the rough treatment.  Maria grimaced, but said nothing. 
With her fingers still attacking Maria's center, she stretched out until
her mouth reached one of those large breasts.  Heather's eyes never left
Maria's face as her mouth latched on hard to a nipple and her free hand
started to kneed the soft flesh.
     Maria squirmed in discomfort from the rough handling she was
receiving, but she was afraid to protest.  She knew the girl was waiting
for her to say something, indicate in some manner that she wanted to be
treated this way.  And if she didn't let Heather win at this little game,
the girl would leave her.  Ignoring the discomfort and swallowing her
pride, she moaned, "Oh god yes.  Fuck me, fuck me faster.  Suck my tits
like that, squeeze them.  You make me so hot, I could cum all over you."
     Maria relaxed a bit, seeing the smile of victory on Heather's face. 
Obviously she had said the right thing.  But she stiffened as Heather
raised herself from Maria's breast.
     "Damn right, I'm gonna make you cum.  I knew you liked it rough. 
And I'm gonna devour you until you beg for mercy.  God, I love big tits
and hot, hairy cunts," Heather said as she once again attacked Maria's
breast.
     Heather switched breasts as her hand continued to poke deep within
Maria's vagina.  And despite the rough handling, Maria found herself
responding.  The feel of Heather's mouth upon her breast and her hand
between her legs were sending warm sensations throughout her body.  She
decided to simply enjoy the pleasure and allow this wildcat to continue.


========================================================================
"Maria's Story: Love Hurts!" by T. F. Yank
-- Copyright (c) 1989, 1992 by DEH Enterprises. All Rights Reserved.
Permission is granted to distribute in electonic format, unaltered and
un-edited with this copyright statement intact.  Hardcopies are limited
to single printing for private, non-profit use only.  
========================================================================
