Love Clinic by Annie Capola  (5-7-87)
----------------------------

I always thought that Janet was a little too flamboyant in her speech and
manners.  To be honest, she was the object of more than one of my fantasies.
And why not? She's a very attractive middle-aged blond; her tits are very full
and very firm and she always wears revealing little outfits that make her  the
 subject of all the clinic gossip.

You see, it can be very difficult living a double life- as a Registered Nurse
and the Medical coordinator, I have a responsibility to maintain an aire of,
shall we say, professionalism.  But before I became a nurse, I was a horny
woman.  Even in nursing school my extracurricular interests included  several
of my fellow students: I have never been uptight about making love to  another
woman, but on the job?  It seemed that was exactly what Janet wanted.

More than once, she would drop subtle hints: she would ask me to check out her
tits because they were so sore from her rude boyfriend's manhandling, or she'd
insist on hiking her brief skirt up to show me her hot panties and garters. I
thought I would die of embarassment.   Imagine, a horny lady like myself who's
eatten more cunt than most men have embarassed because some bitch hikes her
skirt and gives me a view!  I guess I'm still a bit inhibited, or at least I
was until last week.

It was a very busy day, and I had a splitting headache from dealing with  some
stupid bitchy pig of supervisor from another facility.  I no sooner hung up
the phone when Janet buzzed me on the intercom:

"Annie, can I come in and talk to you, it's very important?"

"Uhhh...well, ok Janet, but it'll have to be quick", I shot back.

Janet suantered into my office with a deliberate swagger that would have drove
anyone to madness.  I couldn't help but focus on bouncing tits and the way her
hard nipples poked through her satin blouse.

"Annie, I have a real problem.  Last night my boyfriend couldn't get me off.
It's not that he isn't a good lay or that he doesn't turn me on.  It's just,
well I found myself, distracted."

"Janet, why the fuck are you tellng me this shit?"

"Well Annie, I hope you don't take this wrong, but I think I'm turned on by,
eh you!"

For a couple of minutes I stood there in total, dumbfounded confusion.  I have
been hit on lots of times in lots of places, in my dorm in school, in bars,
and even in fitting rooms, but never in my office.  I can't say I didn't
really see this coming: I suspected that she wanted me.  But this was the
wrong time and definitely the wrong place.  Her arrogance in approaching me in
my own office just pissed me off.  I couldn't let her get away with such
forwardness, could I?

I told her that I thought she was full of shit; that she wouldn't know how to
please another woman even if given the chance and that she had a hell of a lot
of nerve assuming I would even give a  fuck about her "desires."  She began to
sob softly and begged for forgiveness.  She pleaded for an opportunity to
prove her sincerity.  I commanded her to strip completely nude and lie down on
the examining table placing her heels in the stirrups.  She complied as I
locked my door.

Janet was indeed a very tasty cunt:  her pert tits was very firm and capped by
 dark hardened nipples.  She had a very trim bush of fine blond tufts and her
cunt lips were full and inviting.  I took some adhesive tape from my desk and
bonded her ankles into the stirrups after forcing her to slide down, opening
her legs and her pussy wide open. The aroma of her sweet pussy made  mine
lubricate profusely. I approached her writhing body with a combination of
attraction and repulsion.  I wanted to make her come with a vengeance.

I donned my white lab coat and put on a pair of latex gloves, snapping them
sharply as I pulled them up tight.  With brutal contempt for her, I placed
two, three and finally the full width of my fist deep within her cunthole. She
gasped as I pluged her pussy with my hand.  I could feel her womb contract and
writhe with each deep stroke into her huge cunthole.  I was amazed at how
large her pussy really was.

"My God, no wonder your boyfriend couldn't satisfy you with his dick, you
havequite some cunt Janet!"

"Oh yes Mistress Annie, I know my pussy is very large.  I'm sorry it doesn't
please you"

"But on the contrary Janet, it does please me, and so I'm going to please you
darling.", I leered at her in a threatening tone that must have sent chills
down her spine.

I turned away from my helpless captive and began to search for the perfect
object with which to pleasure my slutty receptionist.  I was at a loss for a
bit until the perfect gadget came to me; the object of my daily frustrations
would be Janet's saviour.

Turning my back to her, I lifted my phone from it's cradle and disconnected
the handset. I approached Janet with it concealed behind my back.  I told
Janet to close her eyes and concentrate deeply on her steamy pussy and how
badly it needed to be filled.  I draped her eyes with a few towels and walked
over to the counter where the supplies are kept.  Removing a tube of water
soluble lubricant from the cabinet, I coated the handset with a generous
veneer of the slimy substance; it was very slippery and very difficult hold on
to.

I returned to my helpless victim and lightly massaged her engorged clit,
heightening her frenzy even further.  With no warning, I thrusted the phone
deep within the lips of her hungry pussy.  She let out a sharp scream and I
couldn't tell if it was from pleasure, or pain, or a bit of both.  She heaved
her narrow hips, rising and falling back, fucking herself in time to the  deep
relentless piston-like plunging.  In no time at all, she came with a flood of
hot pussy juice emanating from her  swollen pleasured labia.

I released Janet from her stirups; she got up and dressed herself without
speaking as much as one word.  I think she was still in a state of shock.  I
know her cunt was throbbing after the  workout it receieved!  Nonchalantly, I
wiped off the drenched phone and replaced it in it's handset.  I removed my
gloves and placed my lab coat back in the closet.  Janet finished buttoning
her blouse, and literally stumbled out of my office, weakened but satisfied.

The following day, Janet resigned,  and frankly I was relieved.  Not that I
didn't enjoy our little tryst, but nonetheless, it would have been very
difficult to work with her after having had her so completely.  I still work
at the clinic and deal with the morons on the phone, but now when things get
too heavy, I close my eyes and think about Janet: sometimes I even detect
fainttraces of her musky scent on my phone, and I smile.
