 
Love Rape

     The phone call was totally unexpected.  Helen had dumped me over
three   months ago, at the party.  She had done it without telling
me, just so she could sleep with that writer.  It almost destroyed me
emotionally, and to top it off she had moved in with someone else
right away.  And now,  after I finally got myself together, she calls
to say she wants to try "us" again.
     It would have been crazy to go, it would have been foolish,
self-destructive and totally impossible to handle.  But all the same,
I found myself just outside the door to her house.  It was open, as
she said it would be, so I went in.
    Helen was just sitting there on the couch, wearing that low-
necked leotard she knows I love so much.  The curve of her tits was
exciting as they showed in the middle.  She smiled coyly up at me, so
I sat down.
    I put my hand casually behind her on the back of the couch and
she leaned towards me.  But when I put my arm around her shoulders,
she pulled away and said "Not so fast."
    So I sat there for a while, then let my arm fall to her again.
This time there were no complaints and she snuggled her sexy little
body against mine.  Feeling bold I put my other hand on her knee,
feeling the silky stocking beneath my fingers.  She gave a slight
sigh and laid her head on my shoulder.
    I felt it was time, so I kissed her.  Like every time since the
first, when she felt my lips on hers she opened her mouth and thrust
her tongue forward. I,like always, sucked it into my mouth and began
to play tag with it.  We were like blind dentists, exploring each
others mouths, our breathing starting to come heavier.  One slight
pause took care of both our glasses, and we were free to neck to our
hearts desire.
     The mood was right so I slid my hand up her leg to her thigh,
then to her  beautiful full ass.  I'd always thought of it as her
best feature and had had my hand on it many a time in the past.  But
now, like always, the feel of that curving cheek gave me an instant
hard on.  I decided to leave her mouth, reluctantly, and explore her
ears, chin, and neck with my tongue and teeth.  Her hands were behind
my neck and her moans were like music to my ears.  But when I had
made my way to her small, but incredibly gorgeous, cleavage, she
pulled my head back and said "No." in a quiet but firm voice.  I
returned to her mouth and the ever wonderful tonguing available
there.  As our oral digits danced together, I moved my hand up to her
breast and pressed.  Her nipple was hard and pressing into my palm. 
I gave that tit an ever so gentle squeeze, and that was it.  Helen
went berserk, shouting "I said 'No', dammit!"  She pushed me away.
    I had had enough.  All the frustrations, all the blue-balls, she
wouldn't even let me go down on her pussy when I didn't even ask her
to suck me off in return!  The feeling boiled over in me as I pulled
her roughly by the shoulder across my lap.  She squawked and tried to
resist, but I pinned her hands together in the small of her back and
held her down.  Taking off my necktie, I bound her wrists.
     I grabbed the bottom of her denim skirt and hauled it upward.   
Her ass was there, barely covered by the bottom of the leotard.  Her
garter belt cut a dark stripe across each curving cheek of her
bottom. I knew this was my chance, my opportunity to do something I'd
wanted for a long time.  I raised my hand and brought it down in a
sharp swat on that sexy behind.  The cheeks jiggled with the hit and
her protestations were cut off with a small shriek.  But one swat was
not enough, oh no, so I started spanking her in earnest.  This was
what the teasing little bitch deserved.  I slapped her ass harder and
harder, seeing it turn first pink, then red.  The material of her
leotard was somewhat in the way, so I pulled up on the edges, drawing
it deep into the crack of her tortured butt, exposing even more of
that wonderful part of her.  Helen was making little whimpering
noises, but I ignored her, there was no way I was going to stop. 
First of all, the 19 year old cockteaser was getting just what she
needed to teach her a lesson, and secondly, the noises and spanking
were turning me on like nothing ever had.  I resumed my attack on
those sexy globes.
     But I did have other things in mind, so I slid from under her
body and rolled her over.  She was now lying helplessly tied on her
back.  She looked up at me with tears in her eyes, and said "I'm
sorry, Alex.  I deserved that and  it DID feel good, it even turned
me on.  Please untie me and we'll have some fun.  I promise."  I
looked her straight in the eye, but didn't say anything.  I was in
charge, and I wanted her to know it.  Climbing on the couch, I strad-
dled her body.  Then I reached down and took both of her covered
breasts in my  hands.  She had been telling the truth about the
spanking feeling good to her, turning her on, her nipples were taut
nubs beneath her leotard, harder than I'd ever felt them.  Once
again, I looked her in the eyes and then I squeezed.  Not the gentle
pressure I'd tried before, but a full grab that had the titflesh and
material coming out between my fingers.  Helen'ssharp intake of
breath and little squeak let me know that I had finally gotten her
complete attention.  She now understood what was really happening,
what I really intended to do to her.  Nothing less than rape would
satisfy me.  There was a look of fear in her eyes as I reached for
her neckline.
     I pulled the v-neck wider, stretching the material until her
nipples came  into view.  As always, the sight of her wide, light-
brown areolae excited me even more.  A little more tugging had both
her tits completely exposed, their small cone shapes pointing up at
me. I smiled wickedly at Helen and then put my hands on her bare
flesh, squeezing hard.  She quietly said "Alex..." but I  just told
her to shut up.  She did, and bit down on her lower lip as I con-
tinued my assault on her titties.  That's how I sometimes thought of
them, as titties, not big enough to be real tits.  But that didn't
mean I wasn't going to get my jollies with them.  Being rough with
her knockers was especially fun, because I knew how sensitive they
were.  I was really getting into the sadistic domination act, so I
took each nipple between thumb and finger and pinched as hard as I
could.  A moan of pain escaped from between her lips, but she clammed
up again when I chuckled evilly.  Then I pulled on them, like I
wanted to rip them from her body, I pulled.  Helen gasped and threw
her head back, thrusting her chest upward, all in a futile effort to
find some relief from the pain I was bringing her.  When I suddenly
let go, she fell back to the couch, panting and gasping for air.  The
tears were no longer in her eyes, they were streaming down her face. 
She looked truly afraid of me as I reached for her chest again and
she closed her eyes when my fingers touched her rock-hard points. 
But they flew open again in surprise as I gently pushed down on them
and rolled them lightly between my fingers.
     I leaned down and kissed a tear from her cheek, then brushed her
lips with mine.  I moved down her neck to her cleavage, tonguing and
nibbling the smooth flesh.  I'd been here before, but this time it
was anything goes.  I gave a gentle kiss to the fine, downy hairs
between her breasts and then moved on to the slope of one curving
breast.  Helen'sbreathing had become smoother and deeper, as though
she were enjoying herself, but I could feel the tension in her body
that resulted from not knowing what I would do next.
    I didn't want to leave the suspense too long, so I began to
tongue her nipple, around and around, coating it and the areola with
my saliva.  When I was finished there, I moved to the other side and
repeated the process, keeping the first busy with my fingers.  A moan
came from the beautiful young woman beneath me, this time of pure
pleasure as I began to nurse at her somewhat bruised nipples.  I
sucked slowly and gently at the small points, then spread my mouth
out to the entire darkened fronts of her cute little pair.
     One thing I had always enjoyed about the fact of Helen'ssmall
chest size when we were going out was the fact that I could draw an
entire one of her petite breasts into my mouth.  I did this now,
spreading my lips wide and sucking in as hard as I could, then slowly
drawing back and biting down a little every now and then until I was
again sucking like a newborn on just the tip.  I could hear the
catches in her breathing, just like always, as I bit down during
this. The difference was, I was no longer proceeding with the woman
in my life, I was raping the cunt who had hurt me and always had the
upper hand in sex.  With new determination, I again pulled her titty
into my mouth, then bit down.  Hard.
     "Nnnnnggh!!!"  The noise wasn't very loud, but it came from deep
in her chest and it was obvious that her tender titflesh was in
agony.  Good.  I repeated my actions on her other breast, biting even
harder this time.  Her grunt of pain was louder and she thrashed
beneath my weight as I began to systematically leave teeth marks all
over her breasts.  Not just taking the full thing in from the front,
either, but nibbling around the curves and sinking my teeth into the
skin in both large and small bites.  To top it off, I took her poor, 
abused nipples between my teeth and, instead of a light scraping pull
off them, bit down hard and worried them back and forth.  Helen was
once again making the whimpering noises I'd heard while whomping on
her ass, and I knew she'd never forget this.  To add to my pleasure,
and her suffering, I reached down and grabbed a handful of her sweet
ass, sinking my fingers deep into the flesh.
     I pulled back to examine my efforts.  Helen had a look of fear
combined  with pain on her face, her eyes wide and looking at me. 
Her breasts were red from all the sucking and biting inflicted on
them, with teethmarks that looked  as though they would last for a
few days, maybe more.  Her nipples were still rock hard and pointing
at me.  Her chest, neck and face were flushed a deep red and covered
with a fine sheen of sweat.  She was my helpless victim, she was sexy
as hell, she was beautiful.
     It was time to move on. I'd seen her chest before, touched and
licked them months ago.  I'd seen and fondled the curving flesh of
her ass, even had my hand down the back of her panties.  But there
was one part of her body she had held back, one precious point that I
had lusted after.  I moved to the side and reached for her skirt. 
Undoing the button and zipper, I pulled it down her legs and threw it
to the floor.  Helen tried to twist away, but I pushed her back down
and reached for the top of her thighs, for the crotch of her leotard,
for the promised land.  For her pussy.  She tried to clamp her legs
together, but I just forced my hand down to where a snap held the
cloth closed.  It seemed that my attentions had done more than just
hurt her, while her thighs were damp with sweat, the material
covering her twat was soaked.  One flick of my hand and the leotard
parted.  Helen again writhed in a vain attempt to get away from me,
but I just sank my fingers into one full strong thigh and hauled her
to her back.  I didn't look to the V of her legs just yet, I wanted
to get her a little more naked first.  I pulled the leotard up from
under her garter belt, reaching under her sexy butt to give the back
an extra tug, pulling it out of her ass-crack where I had wedged it
earlier.  As the band slid from between those hot round cheeks, Helen
gave a little moan and wiggled her cute bottom back and forth.  I
could tell she enjoyed that sensation, because of the many times I'd
made her panties ride up in that crevice and then pulled it out. A
couple of times I had even slid a finger between her buns, just a bit
above her tiny asshole and then pulled it up, going on to scratch the
assflesh.  She had looked me straight in the eye and smiled lustily
then, so I was sure her moan meant she was getting pleasure from this
little part of being stripped.  I pulled her small garment farther
upward, completely exposing her chest.
     As I bunched the material up at her chin, I saw her eyes.  She
looked frail, weak, vulnerable.  I felt a twinge of sympathy and
almost considered stopping.  After all, this was the woman I had
fallen in love with, the woman that I was still madly in love with. 
Even though she had hurt me, the feelings were still strong.  But
then I remembered all the times she had pushed me away, the times she
had denied me a kiss.  I remembered how she had treated me at the
party when she was chasing her writer for a one night fling.  How she
had moved in with that guy.  And, in light of the situation at hand,
I remembered the one time I had gotten close to her precious slit.
    Her legs had been on my shoulders, my face between her thighs.  I
had licked her mound through the material of her leotard, the same
one bunched above her tits right now, as a matter of fact.  I then
slid my tongue under the edges of the garment's crotch, tasting her
sweat and feeling the small, curling hairs tickling my tongue.  And
she had stopped me, pulling my head away and saying "I said no."  
I'd never wanted anything in return for my oral pleasuring of her,
never asked her to bring her mouth to my cock.  And she had still
said no.  Well, she could say it all she wanted to, I was getting
what I wanted, come hell or high water.
     I reached down to her feet and pulled off her shoes, then took
the opportunity to remove my own clothes.  Standing over her, I could
see her looking at my body.  I know it's never been great, and I was
at least 20 pounds too heavy.  But Helen wasn't looking at my pot
belly, her gaze was somewhat lower.  My dick is only average in
length, about six and a half or seven inches, but at six inches
around, it is quite thick.  And at this moment I was harder than I'd
ever been in my life.  Helen'sstare seemed to have some trepidation
in it, which was just great to me.
     I again took my position on the couch by her legs.  While I was
standing she had brought her knees up in order to hide herself, but
that foolishness only made me smile.  I put my hands on her knees and
pulled them apart, or rather I tried to.  Helen had incredible legs
and she used her firm thighs to keep her legs firmly together. 
Feeling annoyed at her futile attempt to stop my lusty plans for her
body, I reached down and once again sank my fingers into the curve of
her backside.  But this time I used the tips of my fingers, digging
my nails into her already sore flesh.  She gave a little squeal and
bit down on her lower lip, a fresh tear falling from her eye.  When I
put my hands on her knees the second time, she parted her legs at the
slightest outward pressure.
     I positioned my body between those beautifully curved legs, not
up high where I could nail her, but lower down so I could first
sample the flavor of the juicy slit that had so soaked her leotard. 
I pulled her ankles to my shoulders and began to kiss, tongue and
nibble along the lines of her smooth flesh, moving my head back and
forth to give equal attention to each gorgeous leg, the thin material
of her stockings only adding to the incredible feelings to my tongue
and mouth.  When I reach the bend of her knees, I stopped.  I still
hadn't looked at the v of her legs, the center of her pleasure, at
that most private part of her desirable body.
     I pulled my head back slightly and again looked my poor helpless
victim in the eye.  My hands pulled her legs apart and Helen didn't
resist at all.  She apparently had no will left to resist my
attentions, her face simply pleading with me for a mercy my lust
would not give.  As my gaze traveled lower, I saw red, raw titflesh
and her tight, hard nipples.  My eyes moved down again, and there it
was.
     First, I saw her patch, the short curly hairs forming a neat
triangle that pointed to the real prize.  Her clit sat at the top of
her precious opening, and it looked to me as though it was just as
rock-hard as the tips of her titties.  Her mound puffed outward, the
delicate pink lips of her pussy spread just a bit from the outward
pressure of her thighs.  The slit, lips, mound and hair, all of it
had a faint glisten of something that wasn't sweat, but instead a
liquid which showed that I wasn't the only one who had received
pleasure from my attack.  The slutty little bitch loved it.  That's
what my mind was screaming in its fog of lust.  The sexy whore got
hot while I was abusing her.  I was going to rape her, no matter what
the consequences.  I reached out a hand and cupped the meeting of her
legs with my palm.  Helen let out the smallest of moans and closed
her eyes.  I moved my hand back to her leg and continued to tongue
her legs.
     When I reached the tops of her stockings and the bare flesh of
her upper thigh, I first licked the sweat from her smooth skin then
bit into the meat of the leg.  Bites, not the nibbling her stockinged
legs had received, but a clamp with my jaw that left teeth marks
matching those on her breast.  I went closer and closer to her
crotch, but stopped short of reaching her pussy.  Pushing back on her
legs, I raised her backside from the couch and sank my lips and teeth
into one cheek of that ass that I loved so much.  Trailing my tongue 
lightly across her skin, I gave the other pale globe an equally
abusive treatment, enjoying the delightful shudder that passed
through my captive's body.  I kissed and nibbled my way back along
her inner thigh and, still avoiding her tight hole, made my way to
her lower belly.  After a brief tonguing of her cute little belly
button, I began to trace my way around and across the patch of hair
and tasted something besides sweat.  Small drops of her nectar were
on the short curls, and it was the sweetest flavor in the world.  I
swathed my tongue back and forth across her dark triangle, using my
lips to help pick up the delicious juice.  Lower and lower I went,
until my lips pressed against the rubbery knot of her clit.  Her
shudder wasn't small this time, Helen was shivering as if she was
cold.  But she wasn't, her flesh was on fire, giving me warmth and
feeding off my own.  I gave her erect little point a tiny suck and
just barely scraped my teeth across it, making her shiver even
stronger. But it was time to move on to the true treasure of her
lower regions, that delicate, wet hole I'd lusted after since I'd
known Helen.
     I started low, drawing the broad flat of my tongue along the
length of her lips, tasting even more of the sweet pussy juice that
was driving me mad.  Then I reversed direction, puckering my lips and
giving small sucking kisses down along the puffy mound.  Helen let
out a moan at my next move, where I slid my tongue sideways and
pushed ever so slightly into her cleft and slipped it upward,
planting another kiss on her clit at the top.  Her cunt was now
soaked with the liquid it was pumping out.  Despite being raped, her
body was responding to my attacks the only way it could, with its own
desire.  Her breathing was growing ragged and deep, and I could hear
her trying to stifle sounds of pleasure.  I smiled to myself and then
took the plunge, pushing my tongue deep into the hole of her pussy. 
That was it for Helen, she bowed her back to push her crotch into my
face and crossed and locked her ankles behind my neck.  I began to
plunge and swirl my tongue into her twat, slurping up the drippings
that poured from that sweet cunt.  I ever so gently nibbled the pink
lips with my teeth, hearing her gasp followed by a moan at each small
bite.  Her hot sweaty thighs clamped against my head, but her moans
echoed through her body and the gasps of her breathing made her belly
and cunt shudder and squirm against my face.  As an experiment, I
opened my mouth wide, planted it on her juicy hole and sucked hard. 
This time my sweet slutty victim didn't just gasp, she let out a
sharp cry and arched her back, as the meeting of her legs let out
fresh quantities of its delicious lubricant.  I must have continued
my attentions at the glorious v of her legs for fifteen or twenty
minutes, drinking every precious drop of her pussy's output.  Her
moans, gasps and cries of pleasure became almost constant, and when I
looked up she was whipping her flushed, sweaty face from side to
side.
     I pulled myself up, feeling her legs unlock and slip so that her
ankles were once again on my shoulders.  I then slowly leaned
forward, doubling her over until her legs were pressed against her
upper body, my face only inches from hers.  She was panting deeply,
her breaths raising and lowering me as I rested atop her.  She again
bit her lip and looked pleadingly at me as she felt my dick head
pressing at the sopping wet lips of her pussy.  I slowly eased just
the head in, eliciting a small noise from my captive bitch.  And then
I slammed my prick all the way into her tight hole, as hard as I
could.
     Did I say tight?  That twat just about crushed my cock.  It
would have if I hadn't been enjoying this rape so much.  I began to
stroke into her, shoving my hips down until my balls slapped her ass,
drawing out until just the head was in her slit, then slamming in
again.  Helen began to let forth grunts in time with my thrusts,
moaning each time my dick slid from her.  Her mouth was slightly
open, so I leaned down and force my tongue between her parted lips.
It truly excited me to know she would be tasting her own cunt juice
on my lips  and tongue.  I even felt her tongue move against mine for
a brief instant before she remembered she was being attacked.  When
she turned her head to the side, I just laughed at her.  She could
protest all she wanted, but I knew two things:  First, I was going to
do whatever I wanted to her sexy little body, and Second, Helen'shole
was dripping.  The cockteasing little bitch was loving the rape I was
forcing on her flesh.
     Once again, I reached down to grab her ass, squeezing so hard
that my little bitches'seyes opened and her mouth gaped wide.  When
my teeth returned to her titties and their oh so red nibs, tears
again fell from her eyes.  The feelings of power and lust felt
incredible to my tightly sheathed meat.  I began to thrust harder and
faster, making the poor ravaged girl cry out, squeal and grunt louder
and louder.  The slap of my nuts against her buns became louder too,
and my cock seemed as if it were made of stone.  My balls were soaked
with the juice that poured from her prick sheath.  I could feel
myself nearing orgasm, while her tight pussy spasmed around my pole. 
I sank my teeth  into her shoulder to smother my grunt as I came and
flooded her cunt with my juice.  Every part of my body seemed on fire
as I shot my load and my pleasure was only magnified by the drawn out
moan from Helen that could only mean she was joining me in the moment
of ultimate pleasure.
     After the last spasm of my jizz loaded balls, I rested my head
on her shoulder and let her legs slip from between us.  I moved my
arms to the insides of her beautiful legs and lay my body on hers,
while her legs slid down my body.  But they didn't slide all the way
to the couch, instead wrapping themselves around my hips, pulling my
body closer to hers even as our panting matched into deep even
breaths.  As our sweat mingled and my softening meat slid from her
precious hole, she let out a (to me, it seemed) contented sigh.
    It was the sigh that woke me up.  I was glad she had enjoyed
herself and come, but this night was for my pleasure, my use of her
body.  I pushed myself up and slid from the pleasant trap of her
legs.  Getting off the couch, I stood over her, pulling her up to a
sitting position.  She looked up at me with a soulful look in her
eyes and started talking.  It was something about having liked it
even with the rape, about wanting me to untie her so she could hold
me.  But I didn't buy it after spanking her, and I wasn't buying it
now. I reached  down and gave one of her small breasts a hard squeeze
and hoarsely whispered "Shut up!"  Then I gently ran a finger around
her mouth, slipping it between those pouting lips.  She kissed,
tongued and gently sucked the digit, obviously wanting to please me
so I would lessen my savage attack upon her body.  But if  she
thought that would work, she was sadly mistaken.  A fact she under-
stood when I pulled my finger from her mouth, took her face between
my hands and raised it to the level of my crotch.  She looked up at
me, her eyes sad and pleading, then gave in.
     She started by slowly licking our combined juices from my shaft
with her tongue.  When she reached the crown, she swirled her tongue
around the tip, then took it between her lips, sucking gently.  The
feelings made my cock begin to swell again, stiffening out and forc-
ing her lips into a tight round circle.  I couldn't believe the sen-
satitons that her tongue was inflicting on me.  She slowly slid her
mouth down my cock, taking half of its thick length into her hot oral
cavern.  She sucked hard on it, pulling back and letting her teeth
scrape lightly over the flesh, while her tongue pressed it to the
roof of her mouth and her lips slid smoothly along its length.
     I was completely hard again, so I pulled my rod from that talen-
ted mouth and pressed it to her cheek and neck, enjoying the wonder-
ful feelings as my hot flesh slid along hers.  I pulled back so the
tip was again level with her face, and she took it back into her
mouth without urging or direction from, me.  Her head began a slow
bobbing on my dick, as she gave into the situation and commenced to
truly give me a blow job.  Her mouth sliding up and down my stick,
while her tongue swirled around the shaft and head was enough to make
me a little weak in the knees, but I noticed something.  At the
bottom of her sucking strokes, she only had a little more than half
of my fuck rod in her slutty little mouth.  Now, if this had just
been a blow job, I would have been more than satisfied.  But this was
my night of control, my chance to rape and dominate this hot bitch.
     I reached down and took her face between my hands and held her
still.  Then I started to pivot my hips, thrusting into her mouth,
filling it with my meat.  Every now and then I would push a little
too much cock past her tongue and she would pull back a bit, so I
would make my strokes a touch shorter.  But then it occurred to me: 
I didn't have to be the least bit concerned for her, I was in
control.
     I slid one hand up and grabbed a fist full of hair, putting the
other hand behind her neck.  Then I made my thrusts deeper once more.
Each time my cock slid between those juicy lips, I made her take a
bit more.  I paid no attention to her noises or the way she tried to
pull her head from my grasp or her mouth from my pole, I just kept up
my steady pumping action until the head of my prick slid into the
little slut's throat.  I left the tip there for just a moment, then
pulled back and gave her mouth a few short strokes.  The tramp
obediently swirled her tongue around the end of my stick, but I soon
returned to the deeper regions of her oral pleasure hole.  Deeper,
deeper I shoved, her saliva coating my prick in a slick sheen.  Then
it happened:  I felt her nose brushing into my pubic hairs, I felt my
balls settle against her chin.  My little slave-whore had swallowed
the entire length of my cock!
     I left it there for a few seconds, just enjoying the feel of her
throat muscles massaging my dick.  Then I took a firm grip on her
neck, twined my fingers in her hair and began to thrust again.  A few
short thrusts just in her mouth and then a couple of hard plunges
into the depths of her throat.  I was no longer getting a blowjob,
not even just controlling her sucking, I was fucking her face.  That
juicy wet hole between her lips took my cock-length again and again,
just as her pussy had.  At one point, I just held her lips against my
balls and short hairs.  Looking down at her, I could see her futile
efforts to free her hands from behind her back, I could see (and
feel) those juicy red lips nibbling at the base of my spire, I saw
her trying to pull her head back but unable to until I released my
hands' pressure on her neck.  My control over Helen'smouth was as
complete as the control I had enjoyed over her pussy.  I felt great.
     As I continued to plunge my meat in that hot, wet hole, I began
to notice something.  When I pulled back, Helen was running her
tongue around the head of my prick, and as I shoved it back into her
mouth, she would suck hard, helping my cock dive into her throat, her
cheeks hollowing with the effort.  As a test, I eased up my pressure
on the little slut's neck, and eased the strength of my thrust.  Her
head paused a second, then moved forward, taking my prick slowly into
her mouth and deep into her throat, the muscles massaging its length
while her lips nibbled at its base.  I was right!  My teenage tramp
was now totally into the idea of her mouth on my dick!  I looked down
at her closed eyes, her sweaty face as she forced her lips to stretch
wide around my cock.  As she made my hard on slide again and again
into her face, saliva coated the length.
     But my lust rose up again, so I renewed my grip on her head and
renewed my plunges into her suck-hole.  Helen, my sweet slutty slave,
simply allowed it, not resisting, not trying to move her head, no
longer even trying to free her tied hands.  I tested her submis-
siveness by plowing my rod all the way to the balls and leaving it
there for about ten or fifteen seconds.  Again her throat muscles
squeezed and relaxed around the head of my cock while her tongue
gently pressed and curled around the curve of the shaft, her lips all
the while keeping up their gentle motions at the hair and balls, as
if she were trying to take even more dick into her wondrous oral
chasm.
     Satisfied that she was accepting my invasion of her mouth, I
commenced to truly fuck her face.  Hard deep thrusts that had my ball
sack slapping against her chin.  I heard delightful grunting noises
from my captive that made the experience all the greater.  I could
feel my nuts starting to clench, driven to the point of explosive re-
lease by Helen and her sweet, talented mouth.  I gave one last deep
throat thrust and let go, pulling back so just the head of my cock
was between those sucking lips.  Again and again my dick shot come
into her face, finally making her cheeks balloon from their load of
jizz.  I took true delight from watching the helpless teenager before
me take a deep, gulping swallow to drink my wad.
     As my slimy dick slid from her lips, she gave a last, gentle
suck to get the last drops of come, then looked up at me.  She seemed
to want some acknowledgement, so I said "That was a good blowjob,
cockteaser."  She dropped her gaze, realizing that even after all she
had done for my pleasure, I still hadn't forgiven her.  And I still
had a few plans for Helen'sbody.  I pulled her chin back up and said
"Start sucking, make me hard again."  After only a brief pause, she
obeyed.
     Her lips, tongue and mouth once again worked their magic on my
cock, making it swell.  Her head once again bobbed up and down its
length, making slurping noises that only made me harder.  I grabbed
her head and forced my dick down her throat and held it there,
savoring the sensation of her muscles making swallowing motions that
massaged every inch, every nerve ending of my meat.  I held it there
for almost half a minute then pulled my prick from her mouth entirely
and rubbed it against her face.  Helen kept her eyes closed and
pushed her face back against my flesh, letting out a little moan.
     When I put my hand on her shoulder and pushed her to the couch,
she didn't resist at all.  I pulled and pushed to get her face down,
and as soon as she understood, she helped me, ending up with her tits
and face pressed to couch while her ass was stuck up in the air.  I
climbed up on the couch behind her and she spread her knees apart so
I could get between her legs with easy access to her juicy, sloppy
cunt.  I placed the tip of my cock at the entrance to her hole, took
a firm grip on the cheeks of her ass, and thrust as hard as I could.
     The hole of her cunt was well lubricated with both her juice and
my come, but it was still tight.  It gripped the thick meat of my
cock, making wet noises as I fucked hard into my little slave-bitch. 
The combined juices in her hole quickly coated my prick with a slick
covering.  I leaned over my helpless (but now completely cooperating)
captive and reached under her body to take a firm grip on her
titties, to use them as handles to fuck her body harder and harder. 
Her full round ass cheeks made slapping noises as my belly slammed
into them.  And all the while, my precious whore Helen kept softly
grunting "Un-huh, un-huh, un-huh!" as she obviously got off from my
rough, raping fuck.
     But even though I was enjoying her tight pussy, I'd already been
in that hole.  This was my one chance at her body, and I was going to
give into all of my hard-core fantasies.
     Rising up again, I placed my hands on the curves of her backside
and parted the cheeks to look at her asshole.  The small brown spot
drew my complete attention.  I slowly pulled my slicked rod from her
twat, as she gave a small moan of disappointment.  Shifting slightly,
I place the wide head against her tiny backdoor opening.
     Helen turned her head to look back at me, her eyes opened wide. 
"No, Alex! Please, I've never had it back there!"
     "Quiet, slut!" I shouted, giving her a hard slap on her fleshy
ass cheek.  She looked as though she were going to speak again, but
when I raise my hand over her upturned butt, she bit her lower lip,
closed her eyes, and turned her face back to the couch.
     Having settled who was in charge and just what was going to
happen, I again turned my attention to the gorgeous backside before
me.  When I let go of her ass cheek to spank her, her cheeks had
closed together over my prick head in a pleasant squeeze.  Digging my
fingers into her flesh again, I spread her ass once more.
     My prick head nestled just at the opening of her brownie, so I
simply began to push forward.  A low moan came from between my
slave's lips as I watched her virgin hole slowly spread before the
onslaught of my cock.  Wider and wider her flesh spread, until the
flared end of my dick popped in.  When this happened, a squeal
escaped from the slutty mouth that had recently given me pleasure.  I
renewed my grip on her ass and began to push into her tight rear end.
     I had thought her pussy was tight!  Her ass felt as if it would
peel the skin off my cock!  But there was no way I was going to stop,
not after all the rape I was already guilty of.  Shifting my hands to
her hips, I shoved hard, sinking at least half my length in her
beautiful, sexy bum.
     Pulling back slightly, I lunged again, this time sinking
balls-deep in her wonderful ass.  Her muffled shriek was music to my
ears.  I slowly pulled my prick from her tightest hole, leaving only
the head past the puckered ring.  Then I shoved it all the way back
in, sliding her tits along the couch as she moved forward from the
force of my thrust.
     Holding her tight so she wouldn't slide, I began a forceful
fucking of the ass I had had so many wet dreams about.  With each
plunge of my prick, my balls would slap Helen'spussy and a grunt
would emerge from her.  My nuts quickly became soaked with her pussy
juice as they slapped into the lips of her twat.
     I slid my hands up her sides, shoving them under her until I
felt her titties fill my palms.  Squeezing them, I laid my body onto
her back, whispering into her ear, "Your ass feels great around my
cock, you sexy little slut."
     Her only reply was a series of grunts and groans as my prick
stretched her tiny back door.  Pinching her tits and nipples tighter
in my hands, I began to shove my cock up her ass as hard as I could. 
It wasn't long before I was ready to come up her tight ass.  As I
clamped down on her tits and bit into her shoulder, I heard her begin
to cry out, "Yes!  Yes!  Fuck my ass!  Fuck my ass hard!"  With one
final lunge, I exploded.  Helen joined me, her ass spasming and her
throat letting out one final "Yeessss!"
     I lay atop my captive for several minutes, totally spent.  My
breathing once again matched the depth and pace of Helen'.  Our sweat
mingled as our bodies relaxed into each other.  My cock softened and
fell from her stretched ass.
     I finally came back to myself.  I had lived all my fantasies,
fucked all of my dream-girl's holes, but it had been rape.  I was in
serious trouble.  There was no way I could get out of it.
     Lifting myself up, I reached down and untied Helen'shands. 
Pulling her into a sitting position and brushing her long hair out of
her eyes, I said "I'm sorry.  I know you won't believe it, but I am. 
I'll wait here while you call the cops."
     Helen looked me in the eyes and stood.  To my surprise, she
pulled her leotard over her head instead of covering herself.  She
then reached down and stripped her garter belt and stockings off. 
Looking me in the eyes again, she said "Wait here.  If you leave
before I get back, I will call the police."
     I stood there, stunned and confused.  She left the room and I
could hear water running in the bath room.  After a few moments, she
returned, carrying a bottle and a wash rag.  I could see she had
cleaned herself between her legs.  Even after all that had happened,
I couldn't help but stare at her tits.  They were red and raw from my
abuse, but I still thought they were sexy.
     Helen knelt before me.  Taking the wash cloth, she began to
clean my prick.  But the biggest shock came when, after finishing the
washing, she lifted my cock to her lips and began to lick and kiss
it.
     "Helen..."
     "Shhhh."  she said, looking up at me.  Then bent her head back
to my groin.  Despite the three oragasms I'd had that evening, my
body began to respond.  As my rod once more grew hard, she sucked it
into her mouth and began a slow bobbing.
     I couldn't believe it!  The young woman I had brutally raped all
evening was giving me another blow job.  She took my prick to the
back of her throat and, pausing for a breath, shoved her face all the
way to my balls.  The same balls her hands were gently caressing.  I
had a nervous flash of her biting and squeezing my dick into
oblivion, but her oral attentions were nothing but gentle.  My hands
reached out, but I paused.  I had grabbed her head and fucked her
face, I didn't want to bring back that memory.  So I settled for
running my fingers through her beautiful raven hair.
     Pulling her face from my cock, the sexy lady before me reached
for the bottle.  It turned out to be baby oil, which she proceeded to
pour on and spread over her chest and my prick.
     Looking up into my face, she saw the confusion there.  "I want
you to feel all the pleasures of my body," she said.  With that she
raised herself up and pulled me to her chest.  Pushing her tits
together and curling her fingers around my prick, she produced a warm
tight channel and began to move her body up and down.
     Once again, I was stunned.  After all the abuse I had heaped
upon her body, Helen was giving me a tit-fuck.  Although her titties
were too small to wrap around my shaft, she still managed to push
them against the sides and hold it there with her fingers, giving me
pleasure.  And the smallness of her tits only pointed out to me that
it would be uncomfortable to push together like that.  More so with
the bites and bruises left by my teeth and fingers.
     Helen added to the pleasure, kissing my belly and dipping her
head down to lick the crown of my prick.  The combination of her
lips, tongue, fingers and tits soon became too much.  I hissed "I'm
coming!" and felt my nuts let go for the fourth time that evening.
     She pulled back a little and let my jizz shoot onto her chest,
jacking my cock and rubbing the head on her tits to spread every drop
on her skin.  Letting go of me and rising to her feet she looked at
me with a smile.  "How do I look with your come on me?"  she asked
impishly.
     "You look beautiful.  Beautiful and sexy."  It was the truth,
the white beads of come slowly slipping down her tits.  And she
looked even sexier when she reached down with a finger, scooped up my
come and brought it to her lips.
     "Mmmm.  Delicious."
     Taking my hand, she said "Follow me." and led me to the bath
room.  As I watched, she dampened the wash cloth again and cleaned
her chest.  Taking her tooth brush, she also did her teeth.  Turning
to me, she looked me in the eye and asked "Will you kiss me?"
     My love for her left me no choice.  I pulled her naked body to
mine and planted my lips on hers.  Once more our tounges danced as
her hands folded behind my neck and head.  When the kiss broke, she
had tears in her eyes.  "I love you, Alex."
     "I love you too, Helen.  But how can you feel this way?  I just
raped you, I force myself down your throat, I..."
     "Hush."  She put her fingers to my lips and went on, "I was so
cruel to you, so teasing.  I deserved a lot of what you did.  And you
certainly deserved a chance at my body.
     "But it was good, too.  That spanking turned me on.  I've never
deep-throated a cock, until you forced me.  I never had a cock up my
ass.  But you shoved yours up there, and it felt fantastic.  I came
again and again while you were doing those things to me."
     She laid her head against my chest.  "My tits are a little sore,
but they tingle so nice..."
     "Helen, I wanted our first time to be special.  I wanted to make
love to you."
     She looked up.  "You can.  Tomorrow night.  And the night after
that you can rape me again.  Anything you want.  Anyway you want. 
I'm your slave, now.  Your little fuck-slut.  I want you to do it all
to me, to get all the pleasure you want from my body."  She lowered
her head.  "That is, if you still want me."
     To respond, I lifted her face to mine and kissed her as gently
as possible.
     Taking my hand once more, Helen led me downstairs to her
bedroom.  Pulling the covers aside, she lay down on her bed.  Opening
her arms she called to me:  "It's a small bed.  Lay down on top of
me.  I want you to use me as your pillow."
     I lay myself down on her body, taking one last deep kiss.  I
then slid down and laid my head on her small but delightful breasts. 
She pulled the sheet up, wrapped her legs around me and put her hands
on my head.  "I love you," she whispered.
     "I love you."
     And with that, I fell gently to sleep in the embrace of my one
true love.


The End