Archive-name: Bondage/lovehrt4.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Maria's Story: Love Hurts! [4 of 5]


         --------------[   WARNING   ]----------------
     This story contains lesbian and non-consenual sex. If
     such subject matter offends you, please press 'N' now.
         ---------------------------------------------

     The next day, Maria returned to the office as Suzie had suggested. 
She called Heather into her office.
     "Gee, Maria, I was worried about you.  I hope you're okay now.  I've
broken up with that prick, Collin, and I'm real sorry about what
happened.  If you'd let me, I could come over tonight and show you just
how sorry I am," Heather said as she moved closer to Maria and tried to
kiss her.
     Maria turned her face away.  Taking several steps back away from the
girl, she said, "I don't wish to discuss what happened that night, thank
you.  Nor am I prepared just yet to discuss you moving back in with me. 
That wasn't why I called you in here.  I have a job for you while I am
away from the office."
     "You're going away again?  But what about the Vanderheim bitch?  We
need the money, if you expect to keep this place afloat."
     "You'll do Suzie's place while I'm gone," Maria replied, waiting for
the expected fireworks.
     "No fucking way!" Heather exploded, right on cue.  "I ain't going
near that old bitch.  She gives me the creeps.  There ain't no way, you
can make ..."
     "Shut up!" Maria snapped.  She stared hard at Heather, anger clearly
visible on her face.  The girl started to speak, but seeing Maria glare
at her, thought better of it.  Heather squirmed uncomfortably, waiting
for Maria to say something.
     "Now listen to me, you little bitch.  I have put up with about all
the shit I intend to from you.  You'll either do the job, or get the fuck
out.  And if you decide to walk, fine.  But I promise you I'll make sure
you never work anywhere in this town again.  For your information, Suzie
will be staying with me at my place, seeing as how she can't stand the
sight of you either.  Now I expect you to be at her place tomorrow
morning.  And you had better do the best job you ever have if you expect
to continue to work here.  I'll call you in the next couple of days to
check on your progress."  With that, Maria stormed out of the office,
leaving Heather standing there with her mouth agape.


                             -----o0o------


     Maria and Suzie were kept up to date with what Heather was doing by
Doris, who had stayed in the apartment.  As expected, Heather was quite
taken by Jamal and his size.  So far, little had happened between them. 
But according to a conversation Suzie had with Jamal one night, it wasn't
because Heather hadn't been trying.  Apparently she used any excuse to
touch or rub up against him.  Suzie asked Jamal to hold off for a day or
two more.  They wanted Heather to be ripe when they sprung the trap.
     Two days later Jamal allowed Heather to suck him off.  Suzie and
Maria enjoyed a good laugh when Jamal related later what had happened.
     "Gotta admit, I sure didn't expect her to react the way she did,"
Jamal said.  "Hell, I'm used to women reacting for the first time they
see my... er... family jewels, but it's usually with fear.  This bitch
went ape shit alright, but because she couldn't wait to get a hold of
it."
     Suzie interrupted him.  "Start at the beginning, Jamal.  We want to
hear the whole story.  How did you two get to the point that she was
looking at your equipment?"
     "Well, I was hanging around, like you asked me to do.  She came in
my room, and asked if I could give her a hand with something.  I said
sure and followed her to one of the back rooms.  She asked me to hold the
ladder while she hung up some drapes and stuff.  She kept going up and
down the ladder, rubbing that tight little body of hers against me every
chance she could.  She was wearing this real short skirt and when she was
up the ladder, I could tell she wasn't wearing anything under it.  Guess
I kind of reacted, cause the next thing I know she's practically drooling
over the lump in my pants."
     "She asked me if that was all me.  I laughed and said, 'Hell, if you
think that's something, wait 'til it gets hard'.  She grabbed hold of me
and I thought she was gonna tear it out by its roots.  She started
begging to see it, to touch it.  So I asked her, if I let it out what
would she do with it?  Her eyes never left my crotch as she answered,
'anything you want me to, anything you want'.  So I unzipped and let it
get some fresh air."
     "That when she went ape-shit.  She started tearing at her clothes,
begging me to stick it in her.  I swore she almost ripped my belt off
trying to get my pants off.  But I remembered what you said about only
letting her have a little at a time.  So I told her she had to suck me
off first.  That didn't seem to phase her at all.  She dropped to her
knees and practically swallowed me whole.  Hell, I've had some pros in my
day, but no one ever gave me a tongue licking like that girl.  And all
the while she's sucking me off, she keeps muttering something about 'it's
so big and so beautiful.'  That sure is one cock-crazy lady, let me tell
you."
     "Anyways, just as I'm coming in her mouth, Doris comes in the room. 
She'd been waiting outside like we planned.  And I'm sure glad she at
least waited 'til I got my rocks off.  Anyways, she pretended to go
hysterical when she saw my er... penis.  While she was screaming and
everything, I hiked up my pants and got the hell out of there, like I was
suppose to.  Hope I did good for you, Suzie.  And while I hate to say
this, I'm really looking forward to my next go around with that crazy
lady."
     "Don't worry Jamal," Suzie told him.  "You did excellent.  And I
promise you, you'll have all you want of that little bitch before this is
over."
     They heard the rest of the story when Doris checked in with them the
next morning.
     "So Jamal said everything went off without a hitch last night?" 
Suzie prompted.
     "Sure did," Doris replied with a chuckle.  "Heather just left for
the office.  A little tired from lack of sleep, but otherwise, I think
she's as ripe as she'll get."  Doris let out a loud yawn.  "Sorry about
that.  Guess I didn't get much sleep either."
     "She spent the night there?" Maria asked.
     "Er... yes, she did," Doris answered timidly.
     "I think you better explain what happened after Jamal left," Suzie
suggested, somewhat sternly.
     "Please Suzie, you have to believe me.  I did it for Maria, and for
you.  I didn't really enjoy it all that much," Doris said defensively.
     "Never mind that.  Tell us what happened,"  Suzie commanded.
     "Well, I waited outside the room like we planned while Jamal and
Heather were in there.  I could hear the two of them quite easily, so I
knew when he was having his orgasm.  I waited a few minutes more, so he
could at least finish.  I mean, even if he is a male, he still deserved
to get some enjoyment out of our little charade."
     "Anyway, when I thought it appropriate, I entered the room and saw
them there.  Heather was kneeling in front of him, sucking the last of
his orgasm from him, and trying to remove her clothing.  She was mumbling
something about now that he had had his, it was her turn.  When Jamal saw
me, he backed away from her and faced me.  That big ugly thing of his was
pointed right at me.  One look at it and I thought I was going to faint."
     "But I couldn't let you and Maria down, Suzie.   So I closed my
eyes, took a big breath, and started screaming.  I don't remember exactly
what I said.  All I know I just let all the revulsion and sick feelings I
had inside from seeing him like that.  Jamal took off like we planned,
leaving just Heather and me."
     "Guess she was frightened someone might hear me screaming, cause she
came to me and tried to get me to calm me down.  I let her lead me back
to my room.  I lay on the bed, still trembling.  She said something about
leaving, and I started screaming again.  Something about Jamal coming
back and attacking me.  Again she tried to calm me."
     "I begged her to stay with me.  She didn't like that idea.  That
when I suggested that I couldn't stay alone, and would have to call you
and Maria.  She didn't like that idea either.  Reluctantly, she agreed to
stay."
     "And that's all she did?  Stayed with you?" Maria asked.
     "Well, my nerves were shot," Doris replied.
     "So?" demanded Suzie.  "What does that have to do with anything?"
     "Well, she helped me calm them," Doris said evasively.
     "How, Doris?  How exactly did she help you calm your nerves?"  Suzie
asked, her voice barely hiding her irritation.
     "We made love.  Actually she made love to me.  I made sure I didn't
give her any satisfaction so she'd still be eager for another session
with Jamal.  I mean I was here all alone and ..."
     "I can't imagine she did so willingly," Maria interrupted.  "Just
how did you manage to get her to do that?"
     "It was easier than I thought it would be.  Each time she refused,
I'd start to call you two.  For some reason, she was real eager for you
not to know what happened here last night.  She made me promise I would
talk to you about taking her back.  Tell you how she's changed and
everything."
     "I bet,"  Maria said with a harsh laugh.  "But if this works as
planned, she'll change for real."
     "Doris," Suzie interrupted.  "I think it's time our little girl is
taught her lesson.  I'll call Jamal and set things up for tonight.  If
you hear from her today let her know you will be spending the night here. 
And make sure she knows Jamal will be there alone tonight."
     Doris agreed, saying she'd see them later that day.  As Maria hung
up the phone, Suzie rolled over and lightly caressed her bare breast. 
Maria turned to give Suzie better access.  Suzie leaned over and took a
nipple into her mouth as her hands moved down in search of Maria's
center.  A moan escaped from Maria as Suzie's hand made contact with her
vagina.
     Suzie raised her face from Maria's breasts and said, "Looks as if
everyone was satisfied last night.  Everyone but poor Heather that is. 
But after tonight, she'll have all the satisfaction her delectable little
body can take."  Suzie pushed herself downward until her face was buried
between Maria's spread legs.
     Maria lay there, allowing the pleasant sensations caused by Suzie's
mouth and tongue to wash over her.  As she felt her orgasm once again
build deep within her center, she smiled.  If all went as planned, soon
it would be Heather, an eager, gentler Heather, down there, giving her
equal pleasure.


                             -----o0o-----


     Heather sat at her desk, reviewing the details on the renovation of
Suzie's apartment.  If all went well, she should be finished today.  She
made a mental note to call Doris to ensure she could get into the
apartment today.  The thought of that woman, and what she had had to do
last night sent a shudder down her spine.
     Since Maria had thrown her out, she had been staying at the local
'Y'.  After leaving Doris, she had returned to her room and even though
she had showered twice, she still felt dirty.  But, she had had no
choice.  Heather realized that Doris had the same phobia as Maria when it
came to men.  At least Doris wasn't as bad as that old bitch, Suzie.  And
if Maria ever found out about what had happened last night with Jamal and
Doris, Heather knew she could forget about ever getting back together.
     Besides the fact that Heather needed this job, she really did like
Maria.  And she even liked the sex, though she wasn't about to give up
men.  She thought of Jamal and how she almost managed to get it on with
him last night.  At least she had managed to get that big black cock in
her mouth last night.  She was sure that the next time she would be
successful and get it where she really wanted it, buried deep between her
legs.
     Reaching for the phone, she called Doris.  She was a bit anxious
when Doris said she would be going over to Maria's.  But Doris assured
her she wouldn't mention anything to Maria about what had happened the
night before.  Doris said she had made arrangements with the doorman to
give Heather a key, so she could get into the apartment.  "Suzie is still
at Maria's, and Jamal won't be home until sometime after 5.  If you need
anything, you'll have to call me at Maria's," Doris added.
     Heather said that should be okay, and she didn't think she would
need to disturb Maria.  As she hung up the phone, her mind raced,
planning what she would have to do at the apartment.  And how afterward,
she'd have Jamal all to herself without any interruptions this time.
     Heather worked her ass off, getting as much done as she could at the
office before she took off for Suzie's apartment.  The doorman,
recognizing her, handed her the key and offered to carry some of the
parcels she brought upstairs for her. Seeing the lecherous look on his
face, she declined, afraid she would not be able to get rid of him was
they were upstairs.  While he looked like he might be fun, she had bigger
fish (or was it cock?) to catch.
     Once in the apartment, Heather took a quick tour to make sure the
place was empty.  Wouldn't do if Doris had changed her mind.  Satisfied
she was alone, she started putting the finishing touches to the
apartment-- some lacy curtains on this window, an accent lamp on this
table.
     It was just after four when she finished.  Taking a leisurely walk
through the apartment, she was quite proud of the work she had done.  She
was sure that old dried up cunt would like it, too.  And if she liked,
it, Maria would like.  And if Maria liked it, Heather might just have the
opening she needed to get back in Maria's good graces.
     But that was tomorrow, she thought.  Tonight is still to happen. 
Checking her watch, she saw she still had time to take a quick shower to
wash the grime off her body.  She wanted it clean and sweet smelling for
Jamal.
     As she showered, she pictured him poised above her, his enormous
penis pressed against her yearning nether lips.  Her hands lightly
stroked her bush, her fingers folding back her outer lips to tease her
clit.  As the hot water washed down upon her, her knees bent to allow her
hips to thrust forward as she buried a finger deep inside her vagina.
     Shit, she swore.  What the fuck am I doing wasting time playing with
myself, when I'll soon be having the real thing.  Quickly she finished
her shower, and dried herself until her skin had a pinkish glow.  She
checked the time, and saw Jamal should be home shortly, if what Doris
told her was true.  She grabbed her clothing and headed to his room. 
Tossing her clothes on the floor near the bed, she laid down and waited.
     Time seemed to stand still as she lay there, waiting.  Bored, she
imagined what it would be like once they were together.  As images of
their sweating, lust-crazed bodies filled her mind, Heather absent-
mindedly stroked her vagina.  As her imaginary lover filled her with his
rampant cock, she pushed two fingers deep inside her.  Her hips arched
upward in response as she lightly teased her awakening clit.
     Her thoughts and actions were interrupted by the sound of a door
opening and closing.  She listened attentively for the sound of footsteps
approaching the room.  She heard nothing.  She wondered if she had made a
mistake.  Panic rose up in her as she wondered if he slept in that old
bitch's room.  Heather felt such revulsion at the mere thought of Suzie
that she started to shake.
     Suddenly, Jamal appeared in the open doorway.  His gaze swept over
Heather's naked form.  A small smile played at the corners of his mouth
as he approached her.  "Shit, woman.  What the fuck do you think you're
doing?  Didn't you get me in enough shit the last time?"  Taking a deep
breath, he added, "Smells like a fucking whorehouse in here."
     Heather spread her legs wider as she resumed her finger-fucking. 
She smiled triumphantly as his eyes locked onto her exposed vagina.  "Ah,
come on, Jamal.  You know you loved it. If it hadn't been for that batty
bitch, you and I would have really gotten it on.  I came here tonight to
make it up to you.  And myself," she added mischievously.  "Just gotta
have that big beautiful black cock of yours buried deep inside of me"
     "I ain't sure you'd be able to handle all of it," he replied
chuckling. "You're such a small little thing, and I'd hate to hurt you
bad."
     "Shit!  From what I saw yesterday, I can take whatever you got with
no trouble.  Besides, there are times when a little discomfort, a little
pain only adds to the fun."
     Jamal grinned.  "So you ain't afraid of it getting a little rough?"
     Heather answered, "Hell no!  Always did like it rough.  More fun
that way.  But do you intend to stand there all night and talk about it? 
Or are you actually going to get around to doing something?"
     Jamal didn't respond to her taunts.  Instead he moved to the dresser
and took something out from one of the drawers.  Turning back to the bed,
he said, "Well, we'll see just how rough you can play.  Spread your legs,
wide."
     Heather did as requested.  Jamal reached down and grabbed one of her
ankles.  Heather finally saw what it was he had retrieved from the
dresser drawer.  A shiver ran down her spine as Jamal locked handcuffs
around her slender ankle.  He hooked the other end to the leg of the bed. 
Moving across the foot of the bed, he did the same with her other foot.
     Heather thought she would split in two like a wishbone, he had
spread her legs so far apart.  Jamal returned to the dresser and came
away with two lengths of cord.  Returning to the bed, he grabbed one of
her wrists, and less than gently tied it to the head railing.  He slowly
walked around the bed, all the time his eyes roaming over her body.
     Heather smiled up at him as she stretched her arm out to him.  He
encircled the other wrist with the cord and then tied the other end
tightly to the head board.  Heather tested her bindings and found she was
securely bound.  Jamal walked back to the foot of the bed and surveyed
his handy work.
     "Gotta admit, you sure do look tasty, laid out like that.  Think
maybe I'll grab me a taste or two."  He quickly undressed and went around
the bed until he was level with her head.  Leaning over the edge of the
bed, he covered her mouth with his, his tongue burrowing deeply into her
mouth.  His enormous hands reached out and squeezed her small breasts,
his fingers pinching her tender nipples.
     He lifted his face from hers, expecting her to cry out at his rough
treatment.  Instead Heather teased.  "Well?  Thought you said something
about playing rough."
     Jamal simply smiled in reply.  His hands still roughly kneading her
firm tits, he moved until he knelt between her spread legs.  His hands
left her breasts and travelled down along her body until they firmly
grasped her straining thighs.  He kneaded the flesh, occasionally
pinching the tender inner flesh.
     His fingers probed the fleshy outer lips of her vagina, then grasped
her wispy pubic hair, spreading the lips apart.  He leaned over and his
mouth lightly ran along the exposed inner pinkness.  He teased her with
lips, tongue and hands.  Heather squirmed beneath him, her thighs
straining against her restraints as she tried to raise her hips.  Jamal,
having been told about her anal fetish, jammed a finger deep in her anus. 
His efforts were rewarded as Heather gave out a loud moan and begged for
more.
     Jamal continued to work her body but never allowed her release. 
Heather started to beg him to put his big, hard cock in her hot, wet
cunt.  At last, Jamal moved above her, poised to enter her.  Again,
Heather fought against her bindings, as she tried to raise her hips
higher in an attempt to entrap his rigid shaft between her yearning
vaginal lips.  She groaned in frustration as she realized she didn't have
the leeway necessary with her legs and wrists bound as they were.
     Placing a great glob of split on the head of his enormous penis,
Jamal pressed it against her throbbing cunt.  Teasingly, he ran it up and
down her wet slit, his eyes watching her face twist in frustration. 
Pulling his hips back, he thrusted hard against her waiting flesh,
sinking his cock to its full length within her.
     Heather screamed out.  It wasn't a scream of pain, but rather one of
pure joy.  "Oh God, yes!  Fuck me!  Harder.  God yes, like that.  Harder
and faster.  Give it all to me.  I need that fucking cock."
     Jamal slowed his movements, withdrawing his shaft until only its tip
was embedded between her cunt lips.  And then, just as slowly, he re-
sheathed his rock hard cock until he was fully seated in her hole, only
to start the cycle again.  Heather rocked her head from side to side in
frustration, pleading with him to stop teasing and fuck her for real. 
She promised him anything he wanted if he would only increase his tempo.
     A large grin splitting his face, Jamal ignored her pleas and
continued his slow torture.  Despite her frustration, Heather sensed her
orgasm begin to build.  Her breath became ragged as her moans grew in
volume.  As the tension built deep within her vaginal muscles, she
started a low, throaty chant, "Fuck me... fuck me baby... fuck me... fuck
me baby..."  Just as Heather looked as if she was about to come, Jamal
withdrew his cock fully from between her legs.
     "What the fuck?" Heather cried out.  "Please!  Don't stop now, I'm
almost there.  Just put it back in.  You can't do this to me, you fucking
bastard.  Come on, baby, finish me.  We'll do anything you want
afterward, but you can't leave me hanging like this.  Please baby, stick
it back in.  All I need is just a little bit more."
     "Well, isn't that a pretty sight," Suzie said from the doorway.

========================================================================
"Maria's Story: Love Hurts!" by T. F. Yank
-- Copyright (c) 1989, 1992 by DEH Enterprises. All Rights Reserved.
Permission is granted to distribute in electonic format, unaltered and
un-edited with this copyright statement intact.  Hardcopies are limited
to single printing for private, non-profit use only.  
========================================================================
