Archive-name: Bondage/lovehrt5.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Maria's Story: Love Hurts! [5 of 5]


         --------------[   WARNING   ]----------------
     This story contains lesbian and non-consenual sex. If
     such subject matter offends you, please press 'N' now.
         ---------------------------------------------

     Heather was too far gone to realize there was someone else in the
room.  She continued to plead and curse.  "You fucking nigger.  I need
that cock.  If I ever get up from here, I'll cut your fucking balls off,
you mother fucking bastard.  Please baby, just stick it back in for a
little bit.  If you don't, I swear I'll bite your balls off, you cock-
sucking, mother-fucking black ape."
     Suzie walked over to the bed and looked down at Heather.  "My, my. 
We do have a vile temper, don't we?"
     Heather finally noticed Suzie standing above her.  She tried
frantically to free herself.  Suzie reached down between Jamal's legs and
grasped his rigid shaft.  His cock jumped as she tenderly stroked it.
     "Is this what you're making such a fuss about?  It is good, isn't
it?  Makes you just want to cum, just looking at it, doesn't it?  Makes
your insides feel like molten rubber when it's buried deep inside you,
doesn't it?  I know how you're feeling, dear.  Jamal is such a tease,
isn't he?  Tell you what... maybe we can come to some arrangement.  Maria
tells me you can do absolutely wicked things with that tongue of yours. 
She even claims you are almost as good as me.  I find that hard to
believe.  But maybe, if you are a good girl, and show me just how good
you can eat cunt, my cunt, I think I might convince Jamal to stick this
gorgeous cock back in your cunt long enough for you to get off."
     Heather's eyes were riveted on Jamal's cock as Suzie continued to
slowly milk it.  As much as her body screamed for release, there was no
way she would ever go down on the old bitch.  "Fuck you!" she snapped at
Suzie.  "I'd rather die than stick my face anywhere near that rotting
gash you call a cunt.  I don't want or need any favours from you.  Just
untie me, and I'll finish myself off.  You can get your thrills watching
if you want, but ain't no fucking way I'm ever gonna do you, bitch!"
     Suzie smiled.  "I simply love people with spunk," she said,
laughingly.  "Don't know if you noticed, but you really aren't in a
position to refuse anyone anything right now."  Suzie tugged on the cord
attached to Heather's wrist to emphasis her point.  "But I respect your
feelings.  And I would never, ever force you to make love to me.  You
just lie there, and watch as Jamal does to me what you so badly want for
him to do to you.  And if by some chance, you should decide to change
your mind, just say so."
     Suzie started to disrobe.  Jamal went to stand behind her, and
helped remove her clothing.  As Suzie removed her bra, his hands caressed
her breasts.  He teased her nipples until they responded to his touch. 
Suzie reached behind her and grasped his still erect member.  Turning her
face sideways, she sought his mouth, her tongue licking his parted lips. 
Jamal returned the kiss.  One hand continued to fondle her small breasts,
as his other hand moved down until it covered her mound.
     "Oh Jamal," Suzie sighed as his fingers gently massaged her bush,
"That feels so good.  I wonder if Heather felt as good as I do now.  Too
bad she's so stubborn.  Oh yessssss, Jamal!  Your finger feels so good. 
I can feel myself getting hot already."
     Heather tried not to watch, but she couldn't take her eyes off
Jamal's probing and stroking of Suzie's body.  She couldn't help but
remember what it had felt like when he done those things to her body. 
Heather's breath caught in her throat as Jamal moved to Suzie's side,
affording her full view of his enormous cock silhouetted against Suzie's
pale stomach.
     Suzie turned to face him, and slowly slid down his body to her
knees.  Grasping his penis with both hands, she brought it to her lips. 
She ran her tongue along the underside and then brought her mouth down on
it, sucking it loudly.  "M-m-mmm, it tastes so good," she said as she
pulled her mouth away.  "I think it tastes even better than usual.  Why
how foolish of me.  Of course it does.  You have Heather's sweet cunt
juices all over it, don't you.  I wonder how much she liked it when it
was buried deep inside her hot, sweet cunt."
     Suzie again took his rigid cock into her mouth and loudly sucked it. 
Jamal reached out and caressed Heather's lower legs.  Suzie stopped what
she was doing and saw Heather react to his touch.  "Oh the poor girl.  
Jamal, I do think she is in a bit of discomfort.  Maybe you should just
stick it in her a little bit.  Now don't get carried away.  I just want
her to remember the feeling, in case she's forgotten."  Jamal crawled
onto the bed and moved to position himself once again over Heather.  He
gently rubbed his shaft up and down the length of her aching vagina.
     "Now stop that!" Suzie chastised him.  "Don't tease the poor girl
like that.  Put it in her.  That's what she wants so badly."  Jamal
complied and sunk his cock its full length into Heather's waiting cunt.
     Heather let out a deep moan and tried to raise her hips to push him
deeper.  "Oh yes, God!  Please, just like that.  Please don't stop,"
Heather crooned contently.  Jamal continued to move in and out of her. 
Heather's breathing became more ragged, and her entire body seemed flush.
     "Now, now Jamal.  I said don't over do it.  I think the poor girl
has had enough for now.  Look at how red she is becoming.  We can't have
her feeling sick now, can we?  Come back here so I can again get a taste
of her."
     Jamal slowly withdrew his cock from Heather's cunt.  A sob of
frustration broke from her lips as she watched Jamal return to Suzie. 
Suzie, still kneeling, again took his shaft into her mouth.
     "I can hardly believe it," Suzie said.  "But she tastes even sweeter
then before.  Maybe I'll just have to get some more right from the
source."  Suzie rose and moved to the bed.  Lying down between Heather's
spread legs, she brought her face to the wet vagina before her.  Suzie's
tongue flicked out to lash the enlarged clitoris there.  She heard a
sharp intake of breath.  Lifting her head, she looked deep into Heather's
eyes.
     "All you need to do is say yes.  And both Jamal and I will wring
every last climax out of that slender body that it is capable of
experiencing."  Suzie's hand went below to Heather's anus and jammed a
finger deep inside it.  She smiled as Heather fought to suppress a moan
and lost.  "Just imagine the pleasure you'd feel with Jamal's cock deep
in your cunt and my tongue in here?  There is really no reason you should
be suffering like this.  Not when you could be having the greatest fuck
of your life.  And all you need to do is say yes."
     Heather was unable to respond.  The stupid bitch mustn't realize
what she was doing.  Heather could feel herself once again nearing the
crest of a wave.  Just a few minutes more, and she would be there.  Just
a few minutes more and she would have the release she so desperately
needed.
     But Suzie was more aware of what was happening to Heather's body
than the girl realized.  Bring her to within inches of climaxing, Suzie
lowered her head and bit hard into the soft, tender flesh of Heather's
inner thigh.  Heather screamed in pain.  Partly because of the bite, but
mostly because she had been pulled down hard from the heights she had
been trying so desperately to reach.
     "You fucking old bag," she screamed at Suzie.  "I wouldn't eat that
rotting, stinking slit you call a cunt for all the money in the world."
     Suzie stroked the reddened flesh that still clearly showed her teeth
marks.  "I know, sweet thing.  But you will eat me out for one rather
large cock.  Only now, because you insist on being so crude, I do believe
you will have to beg for the privilege to do so.  Yes.  I think I will
enjoy hearing you beg me to be allowed to eat this... how did you
describe it?  Oh yes... beg to be allowed to eat out this rotting,
stinking slit."
     Suzie moved up the bed until she straddled Heather's chest.  Calling
over her shoulder to Jamal, she instructed him to do the same, but over
Heather's head.
     Suzie reached down and stroked Heather's breasts, tweaking the
already engorged nipples.  Smiling, she said, "I just want to be certain
you have a bird's eye view of what we're about to do.  I wouldn't want
you to miss a thing as Jamal puts this gorgeous cock up my rotting cunt."
     Suzie turned around and knelt doggie style with her vagina just
inches from Heather's face.  Jamal grasped his shaft and pressed it
against Suzie's waiting cunt.  She moved back slowly, forcing Jamal's
cock deep inside her.  She moved her hips back and forth, increasing
speed, all the while extolling the pleasure she was receiving.  Heather
could do little else but watch the giant cock move in and out of the
vagina just inches from her eyes, as Suzie's love juices sprayed down on
her face.
     Suzie's hands were again at Heather's aching clit, teasing her to
further arousal.  But as before, Suzie always seemed to know just when to
stop, or how to bring the girl crashing down just prior to release. 
Heather's entire body screamed out in sexual frustration.  She knew she
would lose her sanity if she did not somehow come.
     Not realizing who spoke, Heather heard a voice cry out, "Please! 
I'll do anything you want.  Just finish me.  Please.  I don't care if
it's a cock or your tongue, I need something, anything.  I can't take it
any more.  Please?"  Suddenly it dawned on her, it was her voice that was
pleading.  Tears of frustration poured down her cheeks.
     Suzie stopped moving on Jamal's shaft.  Moving away from him, she
turned and faced Heather.  "Did you say something, my dear?"
     "Yes, damn you," Heather shot back, finding a spark of rebellion
still in her.  "I said I'd eat your fucking cunt.  Don't tell me you're
hard of hearing, too."
     Suzie reached down and stroked Heather's cheek.  "I'm really sorry,
dear.  But I did say you would have to beg for it first.  And obviously,
you're not quite ready yet.  I think Jamal and I should just leave you
here for awhile to reconsider.  Come Jamal, we'll finish this in my
room."
     Heather couldn't allow that.  She needed to come, now.  She was too
far along to be able to just simply let go.  She swallowed her disgust
and her prode, and started to beg.  "Please Suzie.  I want to, really I
do.  I'll be good.  I promise.  Just let me suck your sweet cunt... er...
I mean vagina.  I beg you, please.  I can't go on like this.  I'll do
whatever you want.  I'll suck your ass, even eat it out.  Please, I'm
begging as best I can."
     Suzie laughed.  Her hand stroked Heather's sopping wet cunt, her
fingers teasing the burning clit.  The girl squirmed beneath her, her
eyes pleading for physical release.  Suzie patted the aching vagina and
rose from the bed.  She motioned for Jamal to follow her and started for
the door.
     Heather, seeing them leaving, was frantic.  "Please," she cried out,
"I want to eat you.  I need to eat you.  I'll do anything to be allowed
to eat you.  Please let me put my mouth to your beautiful pussy. 
PLEASE!"  Heather broke down and started sobbing in frustration.  "Let me
eat your sweet beautiful pussy.  Please Suzie, please," she whimpered.
     Suzie conferred in whispers with Jamal.  He walked over to the bed
and undid the handcuffs binding Heather's ankles.  Moving to the head of
the bed, he untied her wrists.  Grabbing her by the waist, he roughly
flipped her on to her stomach.  Taking her hands, he pulled them behind
her, and fastened them together using the handcuffs.  He then picked her
up and threw her on the floor.
     Suzie went and laid on the bottom of the bed, positioning herself so
her legs just barely hung over the edge of the bed.  "Bring her here,
Jamal," she commanded.
     Jamal reached down, and grabbing Heather by the handcuffs, forced
her to her feet.  Dragging her around the bed, he again threw her to the
floor.  Heather struggled to her knees and crawled to the edge of the
bed.  Suzie moved further upward, forcing Heather to climb up on the bed. 
It was difficult without the use of her hands, but somehow she managed. 
She immediately sank her face between Suzie's legs and started lapping
the hairy box.
     "I thought you said you would eat me good?" Suzie admonished the
girl.  "That has to be the worst sucking I have ever had.  I would
suggest you start showing a bit more ability.  Or, you'll be placed back
on this bed to reconsider your poor performance, while I take Jamal and
fuck the shit out of him inches from your eyes."  Heather reapplied
herself to the task at hand.  She used every trick she could think of. 
"Well, that is a bit better.  But still a far cry from what I consider
good.  I am not pleased.  Maybe if Jamal gives you some inspiration, it
might help.  Jamal?"
     He reached out and stroked Heather's firm buttocks.  The touch of
his hands on her ass sent shivers down her spine.  She pressed back
against his hands in an attempt to improve the contact.  But in doing so,
she inadvertently broke her contact with Suzie's vagina.
     "This girl never learns, does she, Jamal?" Suzie said, regret strong
in her voice.  "I think you'll have to be less gentle from now on."
     The next thing Heather knew was pain from the hands that just a
moment ago had been so loving.  Jamal squeezed hard on her soft flesh
with one hand as he struck her hard across the buttocks with the other. 
Heather responded with a yelp of pain.
     "You can't seem to remember where you want your mouth, can you?"
asked Suzie.  "Jamal, I think she needs your help again."
     Jamal grabbed the handcuffs binding her hands and jerked upward. 
Heather thought her arms were being pulled from their sockets, and
crashed down hard into Suzie's crotch.  Jamal continued to apply pressure
on her arms, forcing her to bury her face even deeper.
     "Well at last, you seem to have found your place.  But now you seem
to have forgotten why you're there."
     Jamal's enormous hand reached out and encompassed the back of
Heather's head.  He squished Heather's face from side to side in Suzie's
bush.  Realizing she was in for more rough treatment if she didn't get
back to eating the cunt before her, Heather again brought her mouth and
tongue to suck it.  She tried her best in hopes that Suzie would soon
come.  She was so intent on trying to please the woman, she didn't
realize Jamal was no longer behind her.
     He walked over to the dresser and once again took out something from
a drawer.  It was a large jar of vaseline.  Walking back to the bed, he
smeared globs of the stuff on his still erect cock.  Reaching for
Heather's ass, he began to stroke it.
     Heather enjoyed the feeling, but knew better this time than to allow
it to distract her from Suzie's cunt.  Her mouth was like glue against
Suzie's cunt, and her tongue worked overtime, licking and sucking the
woman's hot flesh.  Heather could at last sense Suzie starting to respond
to her efforts.
     Jamal, continuing to tease Heather's ass, began to smear vaseline
around her rectum.  He pushed at first one and then two fingers deep into
her rectal canal.  Heather started to squirm in response.  There was a
bit of discomfort as she wasn't use to having anything that large in her
rectum.  But as Jamal brought his other hand around to tease her vagina,
she could feel the heat build between her legs.  Heather pressed her
tongue deeper into Suzie's opening so as to hide her raising her ass
higher.  She spread her legs further apart, hoping to give Jamal better
access to both her openings.
     "Oooo, that's much better, Heather," Suzie moaned.  "I think maybe
it is time for you to feel the full strength of Jamal's gorgeous cock. 
You just keep doing what you're doing, and Jamal will take care of the
rest, won't yoy, Jamal?"  Suzie let out a wicked laugh.  Before Heather
realized what was happening, Jamal withdrew his fingers from her asshole. 
His arm wrapped around her slender waist and held her tightly as his
penis rammed itself into her rectum.
     The pain nearly killed her.  Hot searing pain spread through her
body as her sphincter muscle tore under his assault.  "Nooooo," she
screamed.  "Please make him stop.  Make him take it out.  My God, he's
killing me."
     Suzie just laid there, laughing, as Jamal slowly forced his full
length up Heather's rectum.  "Does it hurt, sweetheart??  Gee, and we
thought you simply adored big cocks.  I thought you said you could never
get enough of them.  Don't tell me Jamal is too much for you.  You aren't
afraid of a little cock now, are you?"
     Heather tried to tear herself away from the burning rod embedded
deep in her, but to no avail.  Jamal, still holding her tight around the
waist with one arm, grabbed the handcuffs and lifted her arms, forcing
her face back between Suzie's legs.
     "Knowing how much you must be enjoying Jamal's delicious cock right
now, I'll tell you what.  As you seem to be rather slow in getting me
off, I'll let you have all the fun you want.  Jamal will keep plugging
your ass, until I finally come.  While I would like that to happen
sometime tonight, I have grown to like you with your face in my stinking,
rotting slit.  So take all the time you need.  If we don't finish
tonight,  we can always start again in the morning.  By the way.  I think
I forgot to tell you, Jamal takes forever before he comes.  So don't
worry about him running out of steam.  He should be good for several
hours yet.  And I'm sure the pain will go away eventually.  That is once
he's fucked that tight ass of yours long enough to stretch it to size." 
Again the room filled with Suzie's laughter.
     Tears streamed down Heather's face.  She thought she would pass out
from the pain.  Jamal continued to ream her asshole and she had no choice
but to reapply herself to Suzie's now soaking wet cunt.  She thought the
old bitch would never start responding again.  But finally Suzie stopped
laughing and started to squirm beneath Heather's oral ministrations.
     Heather let up just a bit in her attention to Suzie in an attempt to
catch her breath.  But when she did, Suzie motioned to Jamal to increase
his pummelling of her rectum.  Forgetting everything, even the burning
pain, Heather threw herself mindlessly into satisfying Suzie.  Even when
she knew Suzie had come for the second time, she did not stop.
     She was simply a mindless machine, sucking and licking that warm
inviting cunt.  Her whole universe was centered there.  Even when her
head was roughly pulled away, her mouth and tongue continued the loving
motions.
     She only distantly felt her hands being released from the handcuffs. 
Slowly she regained her senses, and then was almost overwhelmed by the
pain.  She shut her eyes tightly, hoping to block out the world, and with
it the terrifying pain.  Sobs racked her abused body as she lay limply
upon the bed.
     Suzie slid off the bed.  She reached out for Heather and lifted her
up into a sitting position.  "Well, I must admit you did fairly well that
time, little one.  You show lots of promise.  We will have to do this
again real soon.  I can't remember the last time Jamal and I enjoyed
someone as much as we did you tonight.  I guess you finally do deserve
some kind of reward.  Seeing as how you did all this simply because you
craved Jamal's cock, I think it is only fitting that you should have it. 
Here, take it.  Jamal's cock is yours."
     Heather opened her eyes to see Jamal's still rigid shaft mere inches
from her face.  She could clearly see the bloody tissue it had reamed
from her ass, mixed with her own shit.  She started to scream.
     "Please, get it away from me.  Please don't let it hurt me any more. 
Please take it away, it is trying to devour me.  Please help me.  Get it
away from me."  Heather started to cry hysterically and curled into a
tight ball.
     "Oh come on," Suzie replied.  "It's only a cock.  And you do love
the big ones.  The bigger the better, I thought you said.  Here, feel
it."  Suzie grabbed Heather's hand and pulled it to the slimy, erect
member.
     Heather, with strength she didn't know she still had, pulled free
and jumped from the bed.  She crouched at Suzie's feet.  "Please no more. 
I'll eat you good again.  Just keep that cock away from me."  Heather
buried her face between Suzie's legs, her hands frantically trying to pry
them apart to permit her access.  "I'll do anything for you, just keep it
away from me.  Please let me do you again"
     "What the fuck is going on in here?  What have you done to Heather? 
Heather?  Are you okay?" Maria asked as she came rushing into the room. 
She went to the frightened girl and put her arms around her.
     "Oh, Maria.  Take me away from here.  I want to go home, please?"
     Maria helped her to stand, and grabbing Heather's clothes from the
floor, led her from the room.  Helping her dress outside the room, Maria
called back to Suzie, "If you've done her any serious damage, I'll see
you go to jail.  Come Heather, let's get out of this horrible place."
     Meekly, Heather headed for the front door.  Just before she followed
Heather out of the apartment, Maria turned and looked back.  Seeing Jamal
and Suzie standing there, she smiled.  Blowing each of them a kiss, she
mouthed the words 'thank you'.
     Maria took Heather back to her apartment.  Tenderly, she bathed the
girl, washing the filth from her body, and helped her to bed.  Heather
was feverish for several days and subjected to many nightmares.  Maria
never left her side.  When Heather finally started to recover from the
ordeal, Maria was the happiest she had been in years.


                             -----o0o-----


     Maria was in bed with Suzie, feeling sated and drowsy  Several weeks
had past since that fateful night.  "Suzie, I now have another thing for
which I am in your debt.  I can't believe the changes that has come over
Heather.  She has never been so gentle, so attentive to my needs.  Nor
has she ever been so talented with that mouth of hers."
     "Maria, my sweet.  Consider it a debt already paid.  I still tremble
with delight at the memory of that sweet mouth.  My only regret is that I
may never know it again because of that night.  Surely they must be
painful memories for her."
     "Well to be honest, Suzie, I think if you can wait a little while
longer, I can help you out there.  I have already promised Heather if she
ever displeases me again, I will personally deliver her to your door. 
And there are days when I displease quite easily.  Particularly when I
get bored and want to roam.  So give me another week or two.  At least
until the newness of a reformed Heather wears off, and the roaming urge
hits me, and she is yours.  At least for a day or two until I tire of
playing around and want her back.  It is nice to know that there is
someone who will do anything for you.  But I still need the occasional
diversion."
     Suzie laughed and said, "I know the feeling.  You now have your
Heather and I have my Doris.  But we both need variety.  And right now, I
need another taste of your sweetness."  Suzie lowered her head between
Maria's legs seeking the warm, wet center.
     Maria let out a low moan as Suzie's tongue found her yearning flesh. 
"I can't wait to see what you teach her next," Maria said just before she
allowed herself to sink within the growing bubble caused by Suzie's
wicked and experienced tongue.



========================================================================
"Maria's Story: Love Hurts!" by T. F. Yank
-- Copyright (c) 1989, 1992 by DEH Enterprises. All Rights Reserved.
Permission is granted to distribute in electonic format, unaltered and
un-edited with this copyright statement intact.  Hardcopies are limited
to single printing for private, non-profit use only.  
========================================================================
