Copyright (c) 1997  Taka Hike.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




Lesbian Pedophile Nuns
(True, Ff)

Written by: Taka Hike


  My ex-wife Rashmed went to an all-girl boarding school in Pakistan ran
by nuns. She recalled in great detail many times how all of the girls
there could only bathe twice a week because of limited water and bath
space. This was the explanation for why the nuns always bathed the girls
personally - because they could only be washed twice a week they had to be
sure to get them very clean. 
  She also had an older cousin at the school named Laila. This girl was
one of those rare early-bloomers that had developed a remarkable 34D
bustline by the tender age of 13. One night Laila asked my ex-wife how she
liked being washed by the nuns. Rashmed innocently admitted that she liked
it because it made her girl-parts tingle. Laila explained to her that the
nuns alway wore a special frock when they washed the girls. This was
presumably so they wouldn't get their usual uniforms wet, but actually
there was another reason. These dresses had a hard piece of tubular
padding sewn into the crotch area so that with one leg inside the bathtub
they could sit down on the hard rim of the tub without it hurting. In
fact, by gently rocking they could masturbate! Furthermore, at bathtime
they wore a thin shirt on top and no bra. So if she paid attention next
time she could see the nun's nipples harden as she rubbed herself on the
rim and that this always corresponded to the part of the bath were the nun
was soaping up the girl's breasts and vagina. Laila added that her big
boobs (as she put it) probably was the only reason she noticed. She first
became suspicious when she overheard an argument over who's turn it was to
wash her. Other things added to her evidence like the weekly breast cancer
examination by the nun in the nurses office. Then her teacher started
making her do jumping jacks as a form of discipline. A couple of times the
teacher made her go to the bathroom and remove her bra before doing the
jumping jacks (she could keep her sweater on). When she returned from the
bathroom the nun would feel to see if she had actually removed her
brassiere before she began her jumping jacks. She began to actually enjoy
these activities and was secretly delighted at how the nuns fought over
her. She went to the confession booth at church and said that she had been
guilty of enjoying the manner in which she was washed, how she had taken
pleasure in having her breasts inspected and how she longed to be punished
by her teacher who had now taken to pulling on her nipples (through her
clothing) at every opportunity. The mother-superior who was listening to
her confession on the other side of the booth asked her if she
masturbated. Reshmed said that she didn't touch herself, but confessed
that she routinely orgasmed when she was being washed and that she had
even came a couple of times when the nurse did that test where she licks
between your legs(!)  The mother superior then told her that nothing was
wrong and that God intended for women to touch each other. That it was
only dirty to let men touch you.  Now knowing this Laila found that when
her bath time came next she noticed the nun rocking back and forth on the
tub rim. But Laila couldn't help but giggle every time she looked. The nun
realized that Laila knew what she was doing and decided to be more direct.
Suddenly she wasn't even pretending to soap Laila. One finger was circling
the 12 year old's clitoris and her other hand had began teasing her small
breasts. Laila soon stopped giggling and began breathing heavily. She
tried to get up and get out of the tub in a panic of never having had
those feelings before. But the nun held her tight with one arm and
continued fondling her with the other until Laila gave in and allowed
herself to be masturbated to three mind-blowing orgasms. This kind of
direct manipulation never happened again, but she was brought to orgasm
"accidentally" several other times during bathtime. 
   Only one other time did Laila remember being brought to orgasm by a
nun. During an anti-rape class in which an anatomically-correct mannequin
was used to simulate the attacker. The nun pulled the trousers off of the
dummy to reveal a paper mache penis the size of a large salami with
testicles the size of oranges hanging below it. This was supposed to
frighten the girls as they imagined the rapist forcing this giant thing
into them. Somehow during this lesson she remembered the nun putting her
hand up under her skirt (playing the part of the rapist) and being told to
stop him by applying pressure to his balls. The nun groped at Laila's
crotch while the girls pinched the rapist's balls. Not satisfied with her
level of brutality, the nun used one hand to demonstrate how to properly
control a man by using his balls like a leash on a dog.  The nun's other
hand held onto the girl's crotch and she let out a moan as she came in the
nun's hand with visions of leading a future boyfriend around the house on
a leash attached to his scrotum.
   Laila and Reshmed had several encounters with each other in which they
would lie naked on top of each other and pretend to be a newlywed couple.
This entitled them to french kiss and fondle each other without being
lesbians in their own minds. Both went on to marry men and to have
bisexual tendancies. Reshmed, who has now grown into a 38DD cup recently
confessed to Laila that her favorite sexual activity is to be fucked
between her breasts and at work she has a female boss that makes her walk
around with her breasts hanging out of her shirt much of the day. Laila
really enjoys being tied up and masturbated. She enjoys both dominant and
submissive roles and any fantasy about hurting a man's testicles is sure
to get her off.

--














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....