Archive-name: Family/lsbb.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Little Sister and Big Brother


     On a late Saturday afternoon one summer my 12 year old sister and I
were alone in the house. I was living with my parents at the time and was
in the process of getting divorced by my first wife. I was 23 and my wife
and I had been separated for several months. My brother was at Scout
camp, my other sister, age 19, was living by herself and our parents were
off on a trip to Wisconsin and would not be back until late Sunday night.
So Coral and I had the place to ourselves.
     Now Coral (nicknamed "Slugger" or "Sluggy" by me when she was about
two years old simply because she was so beautiful a child, the exact
opposite of her nickname) had inherited the family horniness in full
strength. I found this out when she was 10, quite by accident; I walked
into my bedroom one day and found her examining some nudist magazines
which she had found by poking through my dresser drawers. Far from being
embarrassed, she began talking about what a kick she got out of looking
at the women in the swimming pool locker room (she liked gals with big
tits and lots of pussy hair) and allowed as how she would sure like to
get a look at the guys in the men's dressing room. It happened that we
were alone in the house that day too and one thing rapidly led to
another; but that's a story for another time.  Let me say only that at
age 10 she was fully capable of orgasm and was fascinated by my orgasm
and ejaculation (we jacked each other off). In the two years between that
first little party and the get-together I'm going to describe we'd had a
number of "fun and games" episodes as opportunity allowed. The amazing
and delightful thing to me was her total lack of inhibition and
willingness to try new ways and experiences. We had never actually
fucked, partly because I was a full grown male and didn't want to give
her any pain and also I felt that her first complete fuck should be with
someone other than her big brother. Besides we had plenty of fun getting
each other off in other, often pretty kinky ways!
     Anyway, there we were that Saturday afternoon, alone in the house. I
was in the living room reading a magazine when Coral came in and plunked
herself down on the sofa opposite my chair. She was wearing a light
blouse and skirt; she lifted one foot onto the chair and clasped her
hands around her knee, giving me a little grin. Her position gave me a
full view of her nylon panty crotch.
     "Know what Barb Miller told me?" she asked; Barb was a girlfriend of
hers from school with whom (she had told me at our last party) she had
had some sex play, mutual masturbation,etc.
     "No, what did she tell you?" I asked. She moved her knee outward,
giving me an even better look at her crotch.
     "She said she and Bob got drunk on some wine from their basement
wine cellar; their Dad has barrels of it. Anyway they really got loaded
and boy, did they have a party!" Bob was Barb's 15 year old brother and
I'd already heard some tales about the two of them from Slugger. "I
really feel like getting drunk tonight; Barb said they had a great time!
How 'bout it? Why don't you go get a bottle of wine just for you and me?
Barb says it gives you ideas!"
     Uh huh; something tells me you've got some ideas already, little
sister, I thought. I gave her a long look and a grin. She was rather tall
for a 12 year old and a bit on the slender side but the curves were
forming nicely in all the right places. And there was no doubt about what
was on her mind. I was hit with a sudden surge of horniness at the
thought of getting bombed with her; she had few inhibitions to begin with
and the booze would loosen her up even more.
     "O.K. Sluggy, I'll go get us a jug" I said, getting up and heading
for the door; "looks like you're ready for a real party and so am I. Be
right back."
     She was grinning as I went out.
     The liquor store was only a block away; I was back in 10 minutes
with half a gallon of tawny port under my arm. I got a couple of good
sized glasses from the kitchen, put them on the little table by the couch
and sat next to Coral. I poured the glasses nearly full. "Now if you
really want to get drunk you knock this stuff down pretty fast, kiddo" I
said, and we both polished off half a glass with about two big gulps. The
wine didn't seem to faze her; she downed it like a veteran and I poured
us another two full glasses. About half way through these she asked if I
still had "those good pictures you showed me the last time." These were
some porn photos that had really turned her on. "Sure and I've got some
new ones that are even better"I told her;"finish your glass and I'll go
get them."
     I went into my bedroom and got my collection from its hiding place.
Then I stripped off my clothes and put on a bathrobe. By this time I had
a terrific hard-on because I knew that Coral would be ready for some
action soon; we were both getting boozed up pretty good.
     She was pouring more wine when I got back. "Boy, this stuff is sure
giving me ideas all right!" She looked at me and grinned; "Got yourself
comfy in your robe, hey?" We both had more wine, then she took the
pictures and began going through them avidly,exclaiming "Oh shit!Look at
that!" or "Wow! I gotta try that one!" and "Lookit her big tits! And
lookit her suck his big cock!" Finally she laid the last of the set down
and got up, a bit unsteadily."I'm gonna get comfy too; don' go 'way, big
brother." She went into her bedroom and came back a minute or two later
wearing her favorite see-through nightie and plopped down next to me on
the sofa. "I wanna do things we never did before" she said. "Let's see if
old sweetie-peter is all ready."
     She flipped my robe open and began stroking my stiff cock. "Oh boy,
is he EVER ready!"
     "Let's see your pussy, Slugger" I said and pulled her nightie up to
her hips. She spread her legs; she now had the first fine growth of
blonde hair on it. A beautiful 12 year old pussy indeed; I gently probed
her slit and rubbed her clitoris while she squeezed and slowly pumped my
dick, her hand sliding down to fondle my balls from time to time.
     Things were proceeding a little too fast; I took my finger out of
her and gently took her hand from my cock. "Take it easy, baby; we've got
plenty of time, you know." "Yeah", she sighed,"but I love to feel your
cock. And I love it when you shoot your load of jism!"
     "My balls have got a big load of juice tonight, sweetie, and it's
all for you!"
     I topped off the wine glasses and we drank again. Then Coral pulled
her nightie off exposing her budding titties. "Do you like my tits? They
got bigger, didn't they?" In fact they had matured a good bit in the 8
months or so since our last party; they now had a beautiful beginning
roundness. Her aureoles were larger and the nipples, now stiff with sex
stimulation, were adult sized. I licked and sucked them and she moaned
with the pleasure of it. Then I sat back and we drank some more wine.
     We were both pretty drunk by now and in a devil-may-care mood. "Oh
fuck, brother,I just wanna think of some dirty things we could do and
then go ahead and DO 'em!" Coral said and she bent over my cock and gave
it a long lick. "Well, I've got some ideas about that", I answered "but
right now I have to take a piss."
     "Oh, me too! C'mon, let's piss on each other in the bathtub, OK?"
She got up, grabbed me by the hand and we went into the john, leaving my
robe behind. I was surprised and excited by Sluggy's suggestion; it had
been a favorite warm-up trick of a woman I had dated several years before
who turned out to be the wildest and hottest sex partner I'd ever had.
     I sat on the tub edge facing in. It took a few minutes for my hard-
on to go down but the bladder pressure finally prevailed and my pecker
softened up. Coral got in the tub facing me and sort of straddled my
legs. Hunching forward, she got the head of my cock between her cunt
lips. "Now; let it go, pee in my pussy" she said and I released my
stream. A second or two later I could feel her doing the same and we
mingled our piss for at least a minute or more, the warm liquid running
down my legs and all over her crotch. When we both squeezed out the last
drops she rubbed against me, my cock head still in her pussy and I felt
it start to stiffen up again right away. She giggled and kept up the
motion; within one minute I was rock hard again. "Whoa!" I said,
breathing heavily, and pulled away; " you'll make me go off too soon!" We
both laughed and, turning on the shower, we rinsed off, got dried and
went back in the living room. Sitting down on the sofa, I poured us some
more wine. The half gallon was almost half empty now; we had really been
putting it away.
     Now I had had a hunch for some time that Coral and I were about due
for one of our private sessions and I had made some preparations for it.
I had found one of those rubber hot dogs about 8 inches long and about an
inch thick in a novelty store and, figuring it would be a turn-on for
Slugger I bought it. Also, during our last party I had introduced her to
full finger fucking up the ass and that had REALLY got her going! I
figured I'd take her a big step up in that department the next time.
The old galfriend who dug the pee-on-each-other bit had taught me about
using rectal dildos, specifically large carrots. "It'll make your cum
feel twice as good," she'd said, "and you'll shoot a much bigger load,
too!" She explained that the pressure on the guy's prostate had this
effect. As for women, she said, not all females dug it but "for ME, it
feels like I'm getting fucked in the ass by a big cock and I LOVE it!"
She was absolutely right; the first time we tried it we had the hottest,
best cum we'd ever had. Now, knowing that Coral's excitement was greatly
intensified by my finger, I saw to it that we always had some big, thick
and long carrots in the fridge. Vaseline was a stock item in the medicine
cabinet, so I was all set for our next party. Which was NOW!
     We were gonna have plenty of action, both front and rear, I knew.
     "Got a little surprise for you" I announced after we'd had some more
wine. She looked at me, brows raised in anticipation. "Just stay right
here, Sluggy; I'll be back in a minute or two."
     I went back to my bedroom and got out the rubber weenie. Then I went
in the kitchen and got two carrots out of the fridge, one almost 2 inches
thick and the other maybe an inch and a quarter. I cut the thicker one to
about 9 inches length and the other to about 7 and a half, peeled them
and rounded off the tips.  Neither had much taper; the small ends were
about three quarters of an inch thick. Perfect size, I thought, as I put
them in hot water in the sink. They'd be ready in five minutes or so I
knew, nice and warm and smooth. I was an old hand at this business by
now. I trotted back into the living room, holding the rubber hot dog
behind my back.
     Coral was spread-legged on the couch, playing with her pussy, head
back, eyes closed, breathing fast and shallow. She opened her eyes and
spotted my stiff cock; she motioned me over to her, reaching out to grasp
my pecker. She guided me between her legs where I stood as she sat up and
bent forward.
     "Oh, I just gotta give your peter a good suck, I'm so horny!
C'mere!" Let me tell you, for a 12 year old that kid was good! She took
over half of my cock in her mouth with each slurp, working it like it was
a popsicle. I let her suck me for a minute, then I brought the weenie out
from behind my back.
     "Here Sluggy, this is for you; let me put it up where you want it."
     "Oh JEEZ! BRO-ther!!"
     I knelt between her legs and licked the wiener well; then I spread
the lips of her pussy and began giving her some tongue.
     "Suck my pussy honey,oh I love it, make it wet, oh that's good! Now
put the wiener in, put it in, I want it up in there, put it...." I slid
the hot dog a good 6 inches up her cunt.
     "OH! Oh God, it's guh good, sooo GOOD! She grasped the tip of the
wiener and, as I licked and sucked her clitty she began slowly fucking
herself.
     I let her give it to herself for a bit; I stood up straight again
and moved closer so she could feel my cock and balls with her other hand
as she slowly pumped the hot dog in and out. Then I said "Wait; I've got
something that'll make it feel even better. Go in your bedroom; I'll be
right there in a minute." I helped her up, she kept the wiener all the
way up in her pussy with one hand as she walked. I went back to the
kitchen, dried off the two carrots and took them with me into the bathroom
where I collected the Vaseline jar and then returned to Coral's
bedroom.
     She was on her back on the bed, legs spread wide, still fucking
herself with the hot dog. I sat on the bed and laid the carrots and
Vaseline down. Her eyes really opened wide when she saw all this and she
propped herself up on an elbow.
     "Whatcha got there? Whatcha gonna do?"
     "You like it when I shoot my load of juice, don't you?" She nodded
eagerly. "Well, this'll make me shoot twice as much jism and it'll feel
twice as good, too!" She watched closely as I took a gob of Vaseline, lay
back, spread my legs and applied the lubricant to my asshole. She was
absolutely fascinated by my actions as I gave the bigger carrot a good
coating of Vaseline.
     "Jeez! You gonna put it up your asshole? But it's so BIG! Won't it
hurt?"
     "Hell no, baby; it feels good! Watch now..."
     Slowly I slid the carrot into my ass. Coral's eyes got wider and
wider as, inch by inch, it disappeared up my asshole. Within a few
seconds only an inch or so was left sticking out. She shook her head
incredulously.
     "How does...how does it feel? It really doesn't hurt?"
     "Ah, it feels great; nice and big up there, like a cock. Look!"
     I slowly pulled it out and slid it back, again out and back, always
leaving an inch or two in. "See, I'm fucking myself up the ass with it
and it just makes me horny as hell! I tell you, Sluggy, I'm gonna shoot a
big, big load of juice from my hot balls this time!"
     She looked at it, now almost all the way in again, looked over at
the other carrot and flopped back, legs wide.
     "Do it to me too! I want it up MY ass too!"
     "Okay, but get up on your hands and knees with your legs spread
wide."
     I helped her into this position (she was pretty loaded from all the
wine) and, scooping up some Vaseline, worked it around her asshole and
well up into it using two fingers all the way in. She wiggled her buns as
I did this; she was obviously digging it. God, what a gorgeous sight that
was; the light brown pucker of her asshole which opened so easily to my
probing fingers and under it the sweet 12 year old pussy, pink lips wet
and slightly open, with that first growth of hair just above the
slightly protruding hood of her clitoris. I knew I had to suck her off
this time; I wanted to feel her cumming with my tongue up her sweet cunt!
     Carefully applying plenty of Vaseline to the carrot, I put the big
rounded end right up against her anus and pushed gently. She made a
grunting sound and thrust her ass backwards; in one swift movement the
carrot was up into her almost all the way!
     "Oh my Gah...." she gasped and didn't move for a tick of time. Then
she said "Holy fuckin' shit! It feels so BIG!!
     "Big, yeah, I know; but GOOD too, right?"
     "Jeez God, YEAH!" She was silent for a few seconds, then she said,
"Fuck my ass with it, slow, okay?"
     I gave her a dozen or so slow in-and-out strokes; she moved in
perfect rhythm with the carrot. I could see that I was absolutely right
in guessing that she would go for this action in a big way.
     I slid it in almost all the way, leaving only an inch or two
protruding, just as I had done with my carrot.
     "We could walk around, you know, with the carrots up our asses, and
nobody would even know they were there" I told her. I stood up next to
the bed, felt to make sure that mine was tucked up all the way; then I
turned completely around, showing her my ass. "Jeez" she breathed, "I
can't even see it!"
     "I know; here, get up and we'll go in the living room and have more
wine, OK?" She came off the bed and stood next to me. I felt between her
ass cheeks, found several inches of carrot still out and gently pushed it
up until it was hidden between her buns.
     "Now just sort of tighten up your ass muscles inside there and it'll
stay put and you can walk around or even sit on it. It feels good when
you sit on it." Coral nodded eagerly; we went back into the living room
and sat next to each other on the couch. I poured some more wine for us;
she was squirming a bit from side to side as she sat and I knew she was
feeling that big baby work up in her ass. I grinned as I did the same
thing. "Sure can tell that something big is up there, can't you? I t
old you you'd dig it!"
     "Oh brother.... do I EVER dig it!"
     We polished off another half glass of wine apiece and I filled up
our glasses again. The wine was really working on me now and it was sure
having its effect on Coral; she was having a little trouble getting the
glass to her mouth in a straight line. I dipped my finger in my wine and
painted her hard nipples with the liquor, then bent over and licked and
sucked them. She began stroking my cock.
     "I want you to shoot your ball juice, big brother" she whispered in
my ear, "and I wanna feel my pussy cum too. Le's go back inna bedroom."
     "OK li'l sister and I'm gonna lick and suck your pussy" I said. "And
I'm gonna fuck your ass while you fuck mine."
     "An' you're gonna shoot your big load of jism IN MY MOUTH because
I'm gonna suck your big cock until you do! I'm drunk an' I wanna swallow
all that good juice that comes from your hot balls and shoots outa your
pecker! I been wanting to do that for a long time. And I'm gonna fuck you
in the ass with that big carrot while you suck my cunt and fuck ME in the
ass with MY big carrot!  C'mon.... l'es go!"
     Drunk though I was I knew the dirty talk meant she was ready for
both of us to work up to a cum now and I too was all set to get down to
business. She'd never sucked me off completely before and I knew she
really wanted to take my cum in her mouth. We staggered up and weaved our
way into the bedroom. I lay on my back, legs wide, and she climbed on top
of me in the 69 position. I started licking her pussy and slowly ass
fucking her at the same time. I tongued her clit wildly as she pumped my
carrot in and out and took my cock deep in her mouth. With my free hand I
played with her nipples.
     Her cunt started to move jerkily against my mouth; she stopped
sucking my dick and began pumping it. I could tell she was close to
orgasm; I wasn't far from it either.
     "Oh Sluggy, baby, my balls are almost ready to pump up my load, you
suck cock so GOOD, honey! Gimme that carrot up the ass, ahhh.... that's
SO GOOD!! I'm gonna shoot off in a minute!"
     "Suck my pussy, big brother, gimme that tongue up there! Suck my
cunt; suck, SUCK! Gimme that carrot! Oh, I wish it was a cock! Oh shit,
fuck, piss, cunt, cock up my ass I LOVE it I can't STAND it it feels so
GOOD! Now, shoot your jism, I WANT IT! I wanna swallow it, every last
spurt, make it a BIG one, giveittome BIG BROTHER! SHOOT YOUR BIG LOAD OF
CREAMY BALL JUICE! Unhm, ungh....."
     She wrapped her lips around my cock, head bobbing up and down while
grinding her cunt into my mouth. By now we were pumping the carrots in
and out fast and I could feel the shiver in her hips which told me she
was starting to cum. My own climax welled up at the same time; I could
feel it starting to surge up through me. Her sucking sounds got louder
now and her mouth action slowed but she took more of my cock in. I knew I
was pumping up a really big load of jism, I could feel each spurt make my
cock quiver with its intensity. She gulped it down as fast as it squirted
out of me. Her hip motion began slowing down and her pussy suddenly got
very wet and juicy. Another thirty seconds or so and we were both
completely spent; not a drop left in either of us. She released my prick
with a final lick and slurp and rolled off of me with a shuddering sigh.
     "OH..... that was so GOOD! I swallowed it all and it tasted so GOOD!
I knew I'd love it cumming in my mouth! And, boyoboy! Did I ever get my
pussy off! You sure can suck a pussy, big brother!" She smiled and shut
her eyes briefly.
     I reached over and stroked her wet slit. "And you sure can suck a
cock, li'l sister! I swear, you drained every drop of my load!"
     I sat up. "Now I'll show you what we do with the carrots."
     I went into the living room and found a page from yesterday's
newspaper and took it back in the bedroom, spreading it out on the floor
next to the bed. I helped her out of the bed.
     "Now do just like I do" I said and squatted over the paper; she did
the same. "OK, now squeeze out the carrot, just like you're going potty"
I said. Out came our carrots; I wrapped them in the paper and took the
package into the kitchen where I tossed it into the trash. I returned to
the bedroom only to find Coral sound asleep! Well, I thought, we'd had a
hell of a lot of wine and a pretty strenuous session too. I headed for my
own bedroom feeling pretty tired but happy that little sister and big
brother could indeed have a great time together when all by ourselves in
the house.
     There were indeed numerous other good times that we had after this
one. The final one was when she was 15 and it was Coral and me and my
then current girlfriend who DID have those huge tits that turned her on
at age 10! But that's another story; maybe I'll write about it sometime.
After that I went on the road and so did Coral (she became a professional
skater) and we both got married and had kids and so on. But to this day
we remember the fun we had together over that 5 year period. We don
't talk much about it but when we do we smile contentedly; these are
among our most precious memories.

--
