Lust in Space
By Malcolm
___________

The starship Jupiter 2 hurtles through space at near the 
velocity of light, but still is years away from Earth's neighbourhood. The 
Robinson family, Major Don West and Dr. Zachary Smith, as well as `the Robot' 
have been in space now seven years after departing Earth in October 1997. 
They have encountered many dangerous and fascinating worlds on their oddessy 
that seems destined to continue on indefinately.....

Down on the lower deck, the family is asleep. The robot is above monitoring
flight systems. However in Penny and Judy's cabin, Penny lies awake, with
troubled thoughts. She is 19 years old now, and wonders whether 
she will ever have a man to love. She looks across at Judy's sleeping form in 
envy, knowing that Judy and Don are together. Penny remembered that day on 
Priplanus, the first world they stayed on, when she spied Judy and Don walking 
off into a forest. She followed them at a discreet distance and watched as 
they lay down on a soft bed of grass. She desperately fought the urge to run 
away, as Don and Judy undressed each other, and began to make love. At the age 
of 12 she did not totally understand what she was watching, as Don and Judy 
heaved and moaned and gasped with excitement. 

Since that time, Penny had watched Don and Judy reguarly, amazed at some of 
the things she had seen them do to each other. Eventually she began 
experimenting herself, touching herself in certain places that made her feel 
good. At night, when Judy had watch duty on the flight deck, Penny would get 
into bed - without pyjamas and feel herself until she seemed to experience an 
explosion of pleasure between her legs. She lay there gasping and stroking 
herself, and then hurriedly put on pyjamas in case Judy - or worse  - her 
mother or father walked in. 

After a while curiosity got the better of her, and she looked 
up some of her father's biological files on the ship's computer. After much 
searching, she came across files on female sexuality, including several 
multimedia files that Dad had locked for some reason. Penny had smiled to 
herself as she easily bypassed her father's lockouts and then opened the 
files. Her eye's grew wide as color full motion video of the sex act, along 
with text and spoken descriptions of what was happening burst on to the 
screen. After a few minutes of searching she found references to masturbation 
and how to give pleasure to herself, and her curiosity grew ever more....

That was 6 years ago, and Penny now understood all there was to know about sex
and females and males. Judy and Don continued to have sex, and Penny continued
to watch them when she could, masturbating herself into shattering orgasms 
each time. She desperately wanted to experience real sex, but who was she to 
do it with? Don was clearly unavailable, and she knew that brothers and 
sisters should not do it - so forget Will. There was no one for her, and her 
loneliness made the lustful ache inside her worse each day. 

Now as she lay in bed, she looked at Judy. Judy lay asleep, 
wearing a short neglige nightdress. The covers had slipped off her, giving 
Penny a clear view of Judy's pert breasts through her neglige. Penny looked 
down at her own breasts, running her fingers across her nipples. A flare of 
tingling excitement passed through her as she stroked them until they were 
hard, and then she moved her hand down onto her panties. She had started to 
close her eyes and think about men, when the urge to continue to look at Judy 
grew within her. 

Penny felt herself get wet as she watched Judy's body and 
without realising it, she soon began to rub her clit and imagine Judy without 
the neglige, masturbating in front of her. Penny's breathing became quicker 
as the image of a naked Judy thrusting her fingers deep inside her clit and 
up her anus became clearer and clearer. Penny continued to tickle her clit 
through her soaked panties, and now moved a hand down and thrust it inside her 
vaginal lips. She moaned softly in pleasure as the sensations flowed through 
her body. 

Now the mental image of a naked Judy writhing in pleasure on the bed next to 
her got up and walked over to Penny's bed, got on it and straddled a now naked
Penny whilst continuing to masturbate. The image of Judy bending over her,
panting and gasping as she neared orgasm was too much for Penny, who came in a
shuddering climax, girlcum spurting through the material of her panties. Penny
gasped and shuddered, her body trembling as the mighty orgasm passed over her. 

It seemed like forever before Penny realised that her orgasm may have woken 
Judy. She looked over to see Judy still asleep. But Penny did not sleep that
night, and instead continued to look at Judy, imagining possibilities and
wondering what she, Penny Robinson, really wanted to happen....

The next morning, Penny got up, stripped off and hopped into the shower. She
was soaping herself down when Judy came into the bathroom, still wearing only
her nightdress, and began brushing her hair. Penny watched her from inside the
showerstall, her hand slowly moving between her legs. 

"Are you going to be long in there?" asked Judy. Penny resisted the urge to
invite Judy to share the water with her. 

"No, I'm almost finished", said Penny, as she thrust a finger 
in and out of her vulva. As she watched through the misted shower door, she 
saw Judy remove her nightdress and examine her naked body in front of the 
mirrror. Penny gasped in excitement as she watched her older sister's ass, and 
imagined herself licking Judy's anus. Judy turned around at the noise. 

"Are you okay in there Penny?"

"Yes, I'm okay. I guess I have an itchy back and it's driving 
me nuts", said Penny, thinking to herself, 'are you really ready to try this?' 

"Do you want me to scrub it for you, if you can't get at it?" asked Judy
innocently. Penny closed her eyes and tried to decide. Then she 
heard the shower door opening, and Judy, naked, was standing there. 

"Here let me help you" she said. She turned Penny around by the 
shoulders, and stepped partly into the shower with her. Then taking the soap 
and a sponge, Judy began rubbing soap over Penny's lower back. Penny shivered 
in excitement as she felt the warm liquid run down between her ass cheeks. 

"You know Penny, its a shame we don't have more males out here. You have a
beautiful body" said Judy, as she massaged Penny`s back and let her hand slip
across her upper buttocks. 

"Oh yes, it really needs a rub there", said Penny, and Judy smiled and began
massaging her ass cheeks. It was quite obvious to Judy that Penny was turned
on, because she was breathing heavily and her eyes were nearly closed. Judy
realised what her younger sister's problem was, and she knew she could help.
More interestingly she knew she wanted to help. Judy moved her hand down and
rubbed between Penny's ass cheeks, massaging her anus. Penny began to softly
moan, and reached a hand behind her to guide Judy's hand, as she leaned back
into her sister's arms. Judy gently kissed her younger sister at the base of
her neck, and brought her free arm to cup Penny's breasts. 

"I've always wanted to do this with you Penny" said Judy, as she squeezed her
sister's pink nipples. Judy took her hand from her sister's anus, and cupped
the other breast, squeezing them and rubbing them together. "Kiss your breasts
Penny, lick your nipples for me, make me hot" said Judy. Penny bent her head
down and began licking her nipples, as Judy moved her hands down to her
sister's cunt. Judy began gently stroking Penny's clit with one hand, whilst
rubbing her anus with the other. Penny, now resting against her sister's
breasts, felt herself move her hips in rythym, desperately wanting Judy to 
lick her cunt. She turned around to face her sister, and after looking at each 
other for a moment,  the two women kissed each other on the lips, gently at 
first and then with increasing ardour. Tounges entwined and probed, as Judy 
continued massaging her sister's clit with her fingers. The two women held 
each other close under the stream of water. Then Penny slid her hands down to 
Judy's ass cheeks and spread them, as she thrust her cunt against Judy's. 
Judy was breathing quickly, as she kissed around Penny's neck and down 
onto her breasts. Judy's tounge darted around Penny's nipples, making them 
hard and her breasts swollen. Steam and spray made the two women's body's 
glisten, as Penny leaned back and spread her legs. Judy dropped onto her 
knees in front of her sister, and kissed over her stomach and thighs. Penny 
moaned and gasped with pleasure as her sister inserted several fingers into 
her glistening cunt, and then with her other hand, began masturbating herself. 

"I'm going to come Judy" gasped Penny. Judy slowly removed her hand from 
Penny's clit, allowing her younger sister to edge back from orgasm, but
continued to kiss her sister hungrily on the mouth, and with her hands cupped
Penny's breasts. Judy then said "Water off", and the computer immediately shut
off the spray, leaving the two women clutching at each other in the shower
stall, glistening wet. Judy took Penny's hand, and led her out of the alcove
and into the bathroom, where they stood in front of the mirror, watching
themselves. 

Judy dropped down to the floor and pulled Penny down on top of her. Penny 
straddled her older sister and began rubbing her cunt against Judy's. Judy`s
breathing quickened and she began moaning softly. Penny bent over and kissed
her older sister, and then began licking her neck and breasts, whilst moving
her hands down to her cunt. Judy then grabbed Penny's ass cheeks and massaged
her anus.

"Oh yes, yes it feels so good Judy" said Penny in between moans and gasps.
"Fuck my ass, please", said Penny as she slid forward until her dripping cunt
was positioned over Judy's mouth. Judy inserted two fingers into Penny's anus
and began ass-fucking her younger sister, whilst she licked Penny's cunt at 
the same time. Penny gasped as her sister's fingers moved inside her rectum. 
She had never felt anything up there, and it felt absolutely divine, almost 
like a smaller cunt. Penny began a steady buildup to a massive orgasm, she 
bucked and heaved as her sister licked and thrust. Penny was dripping a steady 
stream of girlcum over Judy's face, and the two women watched each other in 
the mirror as they rubbed their bodies against each other. Judy now had three 
fingers in Penny's rectum and was thrusting as quickly as possible, as Penny 
approached a mighty orgasm. 

"I want to do you. Please let me fuck you Judy", said Penny. A stream of 
girlcum landed on Judy's mouth and she lapped it up. Judy`s tounge swirled
around Penny's clit and inside her cunt, whilst lapping up her cumjuice.

"You taste so good" said Judy as she stuck a tounge up Penny's cunt. 

Penny felt like she was ready to explode. She did not care if she and Judy 
were making too much noise. She just wanted to come over her sister - to piss 
her girlcum over Judy's face and breasts. Judy reached up with her other hand 
and spread Penny's ass cheeks wide, and then pushed Penny forward so her 
tounge could probe her anus. Her tounge slipped inside and Penny heaved in a 
flash of heat and excitement. Penny moved forward and lay face down on the 
floor, her ass up. Judy got behind her and continued to ass fuck and lick her 
younger sister with one hand and her mouth, whilst finger fucking her cunt. 
Penny's cunt and ass were dripping with cumjuice as Judy inserted her entire 
fist into Penny's cunt. Penny cried out in ecstasy as she felt both holes 
filled with her sister. 

"Oh god, god, that is great" said Penny, as Judy slowly at first but then with
more vigour moved her fist in and out of Penny's cunt. Penny imagined that it
must be like having a giant penis inside her. Judy watched as her hand was 
bathed in Penny's juice, and suddenly Penny's whole body convulsed in a 
massive orgasm. Penny felt herself shoot a great stream of girlcum into her 
sister's face as she cried out in ecstacy.

"I feel like I'm going to piss myself" gasped Penny as she knelt on the floor,
her body shuddering and shaking. She clutched her breasts and squeezed, then
brought them up to her mouth and began sucking on them, sucking Judy's 
girlcum. She felt Judy's hands and mouth inside her anus and cunt, continuing 
to thrust, and watched between her spread legs, as Judy licked her ass. 

"Go ahead" said a panting Judy as she brought her glistening cunt between
Penny's legs. At that point Penny just simply lost control, and released a 
long stream of yellow piss at Judy's cunt, sending her into uncontrollable 
moaning. Judy rubbed the urine into her cunt moaning loudly, as Penny turned 
around and buried her face between her sister's legs, using her tounge on her 
sister's clit and anus. Judy began shaking as she felt herself begin to 
orgasm. A flow of girlcum ran off Judy's breasts.

"I want to piss on you Penny" said Judy huskily. Penny quickly placed her
breasts over Judy's cunt and a solid stream of urine splashed over them. Penny
held her breasts against the flow, rubbing the liquid into Judy's clit and
anus. It was too much for Judy, and she came with almost a scream of pleasure.
Judy seemed to come forever, her body shaking, her head swinging back and 
forth and as Penny watched her sister writhing in excitement under her, and 
knew she had found the person she needed the most. Penny waited until her 
sister's orgasm had subsided and then lay down between her legs, nestling her 
head between Judy's soaked breasts. They kissed passionately and then held 
each other close. 

"I watched you last night Penny, as you masturbated. I knew you wanted me, and
I have always wanted you. Don and I will always love each other, but you and I
have something special now." said Judy. 

Penny looked lovingly into her sister's face. "Can we do this again?" she
asked?

"Yes my dear, there is much we can do together" said Judy. The two women lay
close to each other, watching themselves in the mirror. 

The Jupiter 2 sped through space towards new worlds and new 
adventures.....



Lust in Space - Part II
by Malcolm


"God, I'm going to cum. It feels so good Judy!" cried Penny, as Judy lay
between her sister's legs, and licked her cunt. It had been 3 weeks since 
Penny and Judy had first made love, and Penny's life had changed dramatically. 
No longer was she morose for not having company. She loved her sister, not 
just as a sister, but as a lover as well, and that was all that she had 
wanted. Penny no longer cared if she met `Mr. Right' anymore. All she wanted 
was Judy.

Judy too seemed different. She took more time to be with Penny and the two
girls took every available opportunity to go off together, away from the
others, so they could enjoy each other's bodies. Judy could not get enough of
her younger sister's breasts, and at night, when everyone else was asleep, the
two girls would lay naked in each other's arms, holding each other close and
make love. 

The main problem seemed to be the danger of discovery by the others. The
Jupiter 2 was a fairly small ship, with only so much space available. Apart
from their cabin and adjoining bathroom, the only other place with some degree
of privacy was the engine core, and it was far too dangerous to go down there.
Penny and Judy longed for the ship to make planetfall, so that they could go
off together and find some special place, like a grove of trees or a small
lake, where they could be together. Luckily the others had not really noticed
any change in the behaivour of the two women. Judy and Don still spent time
together, and secretly Penny thought about the three of them together, with
Don's big penis filling her hole. It would be fun, but she was not sure how
Judy would react, and how Don would react either. She also thought about Will
and whether she should go to his cabin one night. Her younger brother was 18
now, and quite a man, though still incredibly nerdy. But her thoughts always
seemed to return to the female sex, and she found that when she looked at her
mother, her juices would be flowing. 

Judy gently inserted a finger into Penny's anus, and began moving it around,
causing Penny to gasp in pleasure. 

"You know who I'd really like to do this to Penny?" said Judy.

"Who - christ that's great, ahh, fuck me baby - who?" panted 
Penny.

"Mom", said Judy with a smile on her girlcum drenched face, as she began
licking her younger sister's brown hole. Penny froze and looked down at Judy
with an expression of surprise on her face. Judy was for a moment alarmed, and
wondered whether she had gone too far. 

"Penny I'm sorry if I alarmed you, I guess I thought that given you and I 
had... well we have done it together and I thought ..." stammered Judy. Penny
reached down and took her sister's face in her hands, and kissed her deeply on
the lips. 

"How do we convince her Judy?" said Penny with a look of longing on her face.
Judy smiled in relief, and went back to sliding her tounge inside her younger
sister, and Penny lay back, taking her own breasts in her hands and squeezing
the nipples. 

"I don't know, but all I know is I want to see her naked and her legs spread
for me" said Judy, as she thrust her free hand inside Penny's cunt. Penny's
juices coated her sister's hand quickly, making it easy for Judy fist fuck her
younger sister. One hand was in Penny's cunt, whilst another three fingers 
were up her rectum, and it was too much for Penny who gasped as a mighty 
orgasm stormed over her, and her sister began drinking her girlcum. After a 
moment when both girls were breathing deeply, the two women lay back and 
looked at each other, holding each other close.

"We've got to get Mom in on this. I want her as much as you do" panted Penny.
The two girls lay together and shared erotic dreams.

Maureen Robinson looked at her naked body in the mirror. For 40 
years old, she kept herself in good shape. Her breasts were of medium size and 
still quite firm, and her body was slim and lithe. She had a good growth of 
dark hair between her legs, and her bottom did not sag. It was a shame that 
John never found more time to enjoy this particular view of his wife, she 
thought. Early on in the mission they had shared many times together, and 
Maureen had always left their love making feeling completely satisfied. John 
had the build and stamina to keep her coming for hours and her cunt had always 
been overflowing with his come, but that had been a long time ago. 
Increasingly as the years had drawn on, John had become more immersed in 
dealing with the ship and with scientific experiments, and Maureen 
increasingly began to feel left out. She even began to feel jealous of Judy 
and Don, and alarmingly began to imagine herself and Don, lying naked 
together, his cock overflowing with semen onto her breasts and mouth. 

Maureen tried to shut the thoughts away, but they refused to go away. She 
could see Judy and Don, lying next to her, as Maureen moved her hand down to 
her cunt and began gently masturbating herself. She shut her eyes and imagined 
watching them lick each other, and Don filling her eldest daughter with his 
cock. Suddenly, in her fantasy, she was being fucked by Don from behind, and 
he gently probed her anus with a finger. She looked up and Judy moved to kiss 
her mother, grasping her breasts. The fantasy began to grow so intense, and
suddenly Maureen gasped and shuddered, and supported herself against the 
mirror as she came. A gush of ejaculate ran down her legs, and she gently took 
some in her hands, and licked it. The taste of herself seemed overpowering, 
and the more she thought about it, the more she began to wet herself with 
excitement. 

After several minutes of leaning against the mirror, Maureen recovered enough 
to open her eyes and get back to reality. She was about to get dressed, when
she heard moaning and gasping sounds coming from the next cabin - from Judy 
and Penny's cabin. Maureen was very quiet as she put an ear to the wall and
listened. It was definately her two daughters, and she could hear no male
voices. Maureen did not know what to think. She knew that they must be having
sex - unless they were masturbating together, but deep down, she knew that was
not the case. Judy and Penny had been spending a lot of time together 
recently, and maybe this was the reason. 

Maureen felt that it was understandable. So far from home, Penny had no male
companions apart from her own family members. Maureen had never been concerned
about Will and Penny together, as Will, like his father, seemed more 
interested in science than girls. But Penny and Judy? It was unexpected for 
Maureen. At first she felt shocked. Lesbianism amd homsexuality was still not 
totally accepted when they left Earth in 1997, but it was quickly moving 
towards being seen by many as a normal lifestyle, just like heterosexuality. 
However Maureen had never considered her own daughters would embrace it. 

Maureen continued to listen to their gasps of pleasure. She heard Penny cry 
out "Fuck me baby, deeper" and Maureen felt herself get wet at the thought of 
what they must be doing to each other. Her first reaction to her arousal was 
shock. `What am I thinking - I should be concerned, not turned on by this' 
thought Maureen. But the longer she listened through the wall, the more she 
was aware of her own nudity and her own body. She had seen other women naked, 
and had never been turned on. She remembered times in her sorority house at 
college when her friends would shower together, or walk around near naked, and 
Maureen had never felt herself want to masturbate as a result. Now she fought 
a growing urge to move a hand down between her bush and begin stroking what 
had become a pussy that was very well on the way to dripping with girlcum. 

Maureen desperately wanted to see them - to see what they were doing. She
imagined Judy kissing Penny, and then Penny became herself and she was licking
her own daughters clit. Maureen began moaning softly as she realised that she
was rubbing herself. Surely she could not come again, and surely not by
thinking about her two daughters! The noises from their cabin became more
intense, and John was far from her mind. She could hear muffled talking and
more gasping and moaning. Maureen was hot and wet and desperately wanted to go
in and join them. 

She looked at the ship's chronometer - it was 0200 hours, and no one would be
up. Maureen threw on a see thru floor length gown - and then for some reason,
decided to take it off. She listened carefully before pulling open her cabin
door and walked naked into the main lower deck area. For a brief instant, she
thought about lying on one of the easy couches in the centre of the deck and
masturbating, and risking Don or Will or Dr. Smith seeing her. She thought
briefly about going to the upper deck - naked and forcing John to fuck her
senseless. She realised she desperately wanted sex - from anyone, and she knew
then that she needed to enter the cabin from where the sounds of passion were
emanating. 

Maureen approached Judy and Penny's cabin, a finger rubbing the outside of her
cunt. She briefly stopped outside the door to Judy and Penny's cabin, hearing
the gasping noises continue, she took her finger and licked her own cumjuice,
and then took a deep breath and pulled open the door, and went inside, 
shutting the door behind her in one quick motion. 

The scene before her was incredibly erotic. Judy was lying on her back, her
legs spread and pussy soaked, naked, as a naked Penny sat on her face. Judy 
was licking her younger sister's cunt, whilst thrusting two fingers in and out 
of her anus. Both Judy and Penny were covered in girlcum and sweat, and Judy's
cunt looked good enough to eat. Maureen felt hot and light headed at the 
sight, and she knew that her juices were dripping out of her. She knew then 
that she wanted to have sex with her two daughters, and that is exactly what 
she intended to do.

Both girls looked up in alarm at their discovery. "Mom, we can explain, we... -
why are you naked? " asked Penny, her breasts heaving as she breathed deeply,
her cunt dripping girlcum onto Judy's face, who looked surprised.  Judy 
started to move her hand away from her cunt, but then hesitated, and finally 
began masturbating as if daring her mother to stop her. Penny watched what 
Judy was doing and then began gently rubbing her cunt along Judy's mouth and 
darting tounge. Maureen watched them for a few moments. 

"Do you want to watch Mom?" asked Judy. 

Maureen said nothing. She just touched her nipples. They were hard, her 
breasts full. She closed her eyes as her hand moved down to her cunt. Maureen 
moved forward and sat at the edge of the bed, watching her two daughters make 
love. After a while two girls were moaning again, and Maureen by now had got 
onto the bed, and was thrusting her cumjiuce covered fingers in and out of her 
cunt. Finally she could take it no longer, and Maureen bent down over Judy's 
cunt, and began to kiss it. Judy glanced at Penny and smiled and then moved 
her hands down to Maureen to guide her head. 

"Mom, that feels so good, join us. We have always wanted you to love us this
way", said Judy. 

"I want to fuck you both. You're making me so wet. I need you to be with me
now" said Maureen softly, her voice trembling. 

Judy felt her mother's tounge probe deep inside her, as Penny moved down, and
went into 69 position on top of Judy. Judy began licking Penny's cunt of its
freely flowing cumjuice and running her hands across her younger sister's ass,
as she began to breath harder and harder as her mother tounged her deeper and
deeper. Penny rubbed her hands across her mother's back and ass, and gently
probed her mother's anus with one finger. Maureen felt Penny penetrate her
rectum and she gasped in pleasure. John had never done this to her, in spite 
of the fact that she had wanted anal sex for years. Now Penny was giving her 
what she wanted. Maureen moved up and began kissing Penny's and Judy's 
breasts, and then the three women began kissing each other hungrily on the 
lips, as their hands found breasts and cunts and anal passages. It seemed like 
they could not get enough of each other. Judy lay back and masturbated whilst 
watching Maureen and Penny kissed each other hungrily, their tounges 
exploring, and hands moving. Penny arched her back, as Maureen took her 
daughters left nipple into her mouth and then her aureole and began sucking 
on her breast hard. 

"Oh that's so good Mom, keep sucking me, please" gasped Penny pressed her
mother's head to her breasts. Maureen grabbed Penny's other breast and began
rubbing it, whilst moving her own breasts against her daughters. The feel of
Mother and Daughter, nipple to nipple, was incredibly erotic to Penny, who
reached down and began inserting a finger, then two and finally three into her
mother's cunt. 

"Hey Penny save some of that pussy for me" said Judy, watching as Maureen 
began tounging Penny's anus. Judy moved up and kissed around Maureen's ass 
cheeks and then inserted a finger into her anus. Maureen gasped and knelt 
down, sticking her ass out and spreading her ass cheeks with her hands. Both 
Penny and Judy moved in, and Judy began annilingus whilst Penny began 
Cunnilingus on Maureen, with Penny lying under Judy, and squeezing her 
breasts. Maureen bucked and heaved, and began moving her hips and ass in 
rythmn with her daughters probing tounges. She quickly began to approach 
orgasm, as her breathing increased and she began gasping in pleasure. Finally 
her body shuddered, and a great stream of cumjuice drenched Judy and Penny's 
faces. They kissed each other and licked off their mother's ejaculate, whilst 
Maureen lay back on the bed, and spread her legs for her two daughters. Her
breasts heaved and glistened in excitement as the two girls dived in and began 
licking their mother's cunt and anus. Judy reached across and grabbed a large 
multihead vibrator. She gently inserted it into her mother's cunt, and then 
turned it on full, as she thrust it in and out. Penny straddled her mother, 
and felt the vibrator tickling her clit. Judy would occasionally insert the 
vibrator into Penny, and in the end alternated between the two cunts in front 
of her. Judy turned her body around so that her cunt was near Maureen's mouth. 
Maureen began licking Judy's cunt, and kissing Penny, but  Maureen was once 
again moving quickly towards another orgasm, and she did not want to come 
immediately. She reached down and pulled the vibrator out of her cunt, and 
slid it inside Judy's anus. Judy lay next to her mother, her legs straddled 
across her breasts as the artificial cock filled her rectum. Penny also turned 
herself around and Maureen was facing both her daughter's cunts. Maureen 
inserted three fingers into Penny's anus, and began thrusting both girls into 
orgasm.

"Ah fuck - I'm going to cum Mom"  panted Judy. Maureen kissed Judy 
passionately and at the same time, moved a hand inside Penny's cunt. Both 
younger women were now lying next to their naked mother, panting and gasping 
as they approached orgasm. Judy reached back and began thrusting the vibrator 
in and out of her anal passage, as Penny began licking Maureen's clit. 
Suddenly Judy moved her body quickly over her mother's breasts, and in a 
shuddering climax came, spurting girlcum over Maureen's swelled breasts. 
Penny quickly began licking it, and kissing her mother, whilst Judy moved her 
cunt next to Maureen's face. 

"Do it sister" gasped Penny who hungrily kissed Judy on the lips, and Judy
released a stream of urine onto her mother. Maureen felt the hot liquid run
over her breasts and down between her legs. She rubbed it into Penny's breasts
and at that moment, came in a shuddering climax, crying out in ectasy. Penny
lay across her mother's wet body, and then felt Judy and Maureen begin to lick
her ass. Judy removed the vibrator from her body and quickly inserted it into
Penny's cunt, whilst inserting her tounge into her ass. Penny bucked and
heaved, and licked her mother's wet breasts as the vibrator was pushed in and
out. Judy also began to lick out her mother, and Maureen felt another orgasm
building. Suddenly, Maureen came again, sending a stream of girlcum into 
Judy's face. Judy pulled the vibrator from Penny's cunt and pushed it into her
mother's, whilst Penny reached back and inserted her finger into her own anus. 

With a gasping moan, Maureen climaxed a third time, almost at the same time as
Penny came. Almost immediately following her orgasm, Penny straddled her 
mother and sister and pissed a solid stream of urine into their cunts, and 
then moved up to allow Judy and Maureen to lick her cunt. Penny's body 
shuddered as she felt two probing tounges running around her wet clit and 
anus. Then exhausted after their love making, the three women held each other 
tight as Maureen and Penny kissed each other's breasts. Judy and Penny looked 
at each other, and then lay back next to their mother. 

"John does not get off watch for another 3 hours girls. I suggest we make the
most of this, because the three of us have a lot of fucking to catch up on.",
said Maureen, as she reached across and began masturbating Judy and Penny with
her hands. Penny closed her eyes and enjoyed the sensations from between her
legs. "We thought you would be shocked Mom. We have wanted you for some time,
but we did not know how to explain it to you" 

"I think you just did" said Maureen as she french kissed Penny. "Now both of
you into that shower.  I want to lick your cunts for the next three hours."

The three women leapt out of bed, and for the next three hours, only enjoyed
each other....
