Archive-name: Bestial/luckydog.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lucky Dog


Last month, after spending the last two years in Germany, I got out of the Air
Force.  It had been a long time since I'd seen my family, and I decided to
surprise them and come home without them expecting me.

I arrived at my parents' house about 1:40 in the afternoon, and I realized that
I'd have to sneak in because my parents both worked and my sister was in high
school.  As I walked around the house though, I thought I heard some noise
coming from the house.  I slowly crept up to the window where the noise seemed
to be coming from, and as I looked into my sister's window, I was stunned at
what I saw.

On the bed, totally naked, was my 17 year old sister.  When I last saw Ursula
two years ago she was a skinny little kid, but there she was, lying naked on
her bed, a full-grown woman.  Her blonde hair and blue eyes were matched by a
body that any model would trade her soul for.  An absolute fox.  She was not
alone however; standing next to her was her best friend Heather. (Heather and
my sister are both on the varsity cheerleading squad).  At first I didn't know
what to make of this, but I just had to find out.

As I eased in to have a closer look, I noticed Heather seemed to be gently
massaging my sister's breasts.  Then she started running her hands up and down
the inside of Ursula's thighs.  I thought to myself that she must have the
sexiest legs in the world.

A few minutes later and Heather began to rub my sister's cunt with fingers that
appeared to be trembling.  After that five minutes Heather asked her if she was
ready, and my sister responded by shaking her head "yes."

Heather got up and left the room, and while she was gone, I thought to myself
that Ursula must be the sexiest girl I have ever seen: her breasts, firm and
well rounded; her skin, tanned and unblemished; and of those legs.  After a
minute, Heather returned, but she was not alone.  With her was Max, a huge
German shepard.  When Ursula saw max for the first time, she appeared to be
both frightened and excited.  So was I.

Heather led Max over and helped him to get up on the bed.  As soon as Max was
on the bed, my sister pulled away as if she were afraid of him.  Heather went
up to my sister and tried to calm her down saying, "Don't worry, everything
will be all right," and, "he won't hurt you."

A second later Ursula began to loosen-up and ease back towards Max.  Just then,
Max gave my sister a big lick on the inside of her leg, and my sister responded
by jerking away.  Heather again tried to calm her down with, "Don't get so
nervous, you'll love it," and "I can tell he really likes you."

A moment later and she again moved back towards Max.  Lying down with her head
on a pillow, she finally began to let herself go.  For a second I was
transfixed: there was my kid sister about to have sex with a dog, and she
wanted him.  That was obvious by the excitement that showed all over her body:
her nipples were stiff and swollen, her face was flushed, and her eyelashes
were fluttering nervously.

Max returned to the inside of my sister's thigh and resumed licking her.
Ursula, tensing up at this, grabbed bold of a blanket with both hands, but she
didn't back away this time.  Slowly he worked up her thigh until he had reached
the spot he was looking for.  As soon as his tongue reached the cunt, Ursula
let out a soft cry.  In seconds, Max was busy lapping her.  First he licked her
along the length of her crack.  While he was doing this he must have found her
clit: once or twice she seemed to twitch as if she had just been stabbed.  Then
he started flicking his tongue; with darting jabs, he was parting her lips and
going deep inside her.  This continued for about five minutes until my sister
could take no more.  Heather, sensing the moment had come, sprang into action.

As my sister lifted Max's head, Heather started stroking the skin covering his
cock.  Max could hardly contain his excitement.  As his cock emerged from its
sheath I noticed that Ursula was staring at it.  From where I was standing it
looked to be over nine inches long, and although she seemed a little frightened
by it, she parted her legs and lifted her rear of the bed.  Max began to thrust
in an attempt to enter my sister.  Heather, seeing this, reached over to guide
his cock.  In an instant he was inside her.  Ursula could not restrain herself
and she let out a loud cry; a cry that was nothing like pain.  Max began to
pump her with long slow thrusts.  I can not tell you what it felt like to see
that big dog's nine-inch cock going in and out of her young blonde cunt.  From
this point on there was no turning back; Ursula was no longer a virgin.  Or was
she?

In a couple of minutes, Max has in heaven.  He continued to fuck her slowly for
many more minutes.  Ursula, unsure at first, was now feeling intense pleasure.
The deeper he penetrated, the more she surrendered to him.  She was loosing
touch with reality, and I knew she couldn't hold out much longer.  All of a
sudden, Ursula began to writhe all over the bed.  I couldn't believe it, there
was a dog giving my seventeen year old sister an orgasm.  He must have felt
something, because he began to pump her harder.  Ursula by this time was in
complete ecstacy, and it didn't matter to her that she was being fucked by a
dog.  It seemed as though they were made for each other.

Ursula, by this time, had raised her knees and begun to bite her lower lip.
Max, for his part, continued to thrust with more energy than I have ever seen;
he looked as though he would last forever.  Minutes past, and then my sister
started flinging her head from side to side with a look of lust on her face
that can't be described.  Her mouth was open, and her eyes shut tight she was
moaning, and then, while reaching up to grab hold of Max's fur, she exploded
into another orgasm.  Her back was arching, and she was wriggling all over the
bed.  Every part of her body was twitching.

On and on this went, and Max was still going as strong as ever.  Ursula, was
having orgasm after orgasm, but he wanted more.  He was pumping her like a
machine.  My sister, glistening with perspiration, was oblivious to anything
else.  She was his sex slave and she could not stop him.

My knees were getting weak when Max started to act a little strange.  My sister
was reaching yet another orgasm when his thrusting began to get more spasmodic.
He was driving his cock deeper that ever when they both launched into an
orgasm.  He continued thrusting into her for another minute or so as she lay
there bucking back and forth until she built up to a climax so intense that
they almost fell off the bed.

Max had finally been satisfied, and he withdrew his cock from my sister.  I
thought to myself that he must be the luckiest dog in the world; he had just
had sex with a girl that most guys just dream about.  Ursula obviously enjoyed
every minute of it.  But I couldn't help but wonder how she could take that
enormous cock for so long.  He had fucked her for more that 40 minutes and
driven her to orgasm at least 12 times.  Somehow Heather had talked my sister
into having sex with a dog for the first time, but I wondered if it would be
the last.

Last week Ursula talked my father into getting a dog to protect the home: a
large male German shepard.


--
