Copyright © 1997, Aaron Angst.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net




Title: As Luck Would Have It
Author: Aaron Angst

	Like most normal men, I've had fantasies about having sex with my mother. They
began as a kid. Mom was a pretty woman and she had that certain something
which we
refer to as sexuality. There was something sexual about her. My friends
always seemed to
have the hots for her and , as I grew older, I noticed that lots of men
found her attractive.
My fantasies about her sort of went on the back burner as I grew up. After I
had my first
experience with an older woman, those fantasies returned. I'd often think of
some way
that I could somehow entice my mother into bed with me, but I just never had
the nerve to
go through with them. As I reached my late 30's, I assumed that I would
never have the
opportunity. That all changed recently.
	I'm 43 and Mom is 66. She's still quite attractive and keeps herself in
good shape,
although she certainly does show signs of aging. Being attracted to older
women only
makes her more desirable to me. though. Anyway, Mom has been a widow for several
years and, although she could probably have her pick of men to marry, she
has not. I think
she still feels some sort of loyalty to my father. Anyway, there was some
family function
scheduled in another part of the country which we were invited to. Since she
lives only
about 2 hours or so from me, I had asked her if she would like to go with me
to the affair.
She agreed that we should and I told her that since we had to fly all the
way to the West
Coast (we live in Florida), that we should take an extra day or two and stop
over in
Chicago (we both knew people there and I thought it might be nice to see
them). She
agreed once more and I told her I would take care of the arrangements.
	It was late when we arrived in Chicago and it was raining cats and dogs. We
grabbed a cab to the hotel and went in to register. As fate would have it,
there was some
convention going on and the place was packed. When I asked for our rooms,
they told me
I had only made a reservation for one room, Mr. and Mrs. ****. I had asked
for a room
for Mr. *** and Mrs. ***. They mistook that, figuring that we were a married
couple and
wanted just one room. I acted angry, but my heart was pounding inside.
"Okay," I said,
"Mistakes can happen. Just give me another room." "I'm sorry, sir," The
clerk replied,
"but there are no empty rooms. I looked at Mom,who was pretty annoyed. I
turned to the
clerk and asked if the room had twin beds. "No, sir. Just one King size
bed." I looked
back at her, she shrugged her shoulders as if to say, "What can we do?" It
was pouring
out and it was late. We didn't want to start hassling with finding another
hotel, so I told
the clerk that we would take the room.I was ecstatic and tried to hold that
feeling inside.
	We got up to the room, tossed our baggage to the floor and I instinctively
turned
on the TV. I felt a sense of uncomfortableness on Mom's part and, indeed, on
mine as
well. My head was racing, filled only with thoughts of how this scene was
going to play
out. This was my big chance and I figured if it didn't happen this night, it
never would. 
	"Are you hungry, Mom?" I asked her as she was opening up one of her bags.
	"Starved." She answered without looking up.
	"I'll call room service. I'm too tired to go out."
	"Good idea, hon." She continued foraging through her bag.
	I asked her what she wanted and placed the order. I sat down on the bed and
declared that it seemed pretty comfortable. We exchanged a rather strange
glance as Mom
was heading to the bathroom to put some stuff in there. It was a very mixed
feeling a got
from that look. I wasn't certain, but I lead myself to believe that it was
sort of saying,
"Well, here we are in a room and we were going to sleep in the same bed.
Maybe this
could turn into something." I mean, I knew she was aware of the situation
and all, but I
wondered if there was any thought at all about sex in her mind. She was my
mother, for
Christ sakes. I didn't care. I was going to try.
	Dinner came up quickly and we sat by the TV eating quickly. Geraldo was on TV
and he was talking about the JonBenet Ramsey case. At one point he mentioned
the word
incest and  I glanced over at Mom quickly. She had been watching me and as
soon as our
eyes met, they quickly turned away. I really felt that incest was on her
mind. At least I
hoped it was. We finished dinner and Mom said she was tired and was going to
go into the
bathroom to wash up and get ready for bed. I sat in the chair, thinking of
my mother
getting undressed in the next room and getting ready to go to bed with me,
her son. She
came out of the bathroom wearing a nightgown. I guess I was staring a little
too hard.
	"What are you staring at, Steven?"
	"I, uh, well can't a stare at a good looking woman?"
	"Oh, you!" She laughed. "Are you coming to bed?" She realized what she had said
and laughed. "Listen to me!" I smiled at her warmly. There was definitely
something in the
air. 
	"Mom, I don't sleep in pajamas, you know. I don't even have any with me."
	She thought for a moment and answered me. "Well, I think I can handle seeing my
son in his underwear." She smiled. I went into the bathroom and washed up,
taking off my
clothes, except for my underwear. The problem was, I had a hard on. How was
I going to
walk out nonchalantly and face my mother with this hard on? It took me
awhile, but I
managed to get it down, at least a little bit. I hoped that the lights were
off so that she
wouldn't see when I walked out. I opened the door and the lights WERE out,
but the light
from the TV provided just enough light for her to see me. As soon as I
opened the door,
my dick rose high once more. I just couldn't help it. I tried to hide it as
I made my way to
the bed. Mom was watching me every step of the way, though, and I know she
saw it. She
didn't say anything as I slipped beneath the covers.
	There we were! Mom and son, lying in bed together. Now what? Surprisingly,
Mom took care of that. "I got myself comfortable while Mom acted as if she were
watching TV and paying no mind to me lying there in my underwear next to
her. There
was about a foot or two of space between us.
	"So what is that all about, young man?" Mom asked me point blank.
	"What is what all about?" I was a little embarrassed.
	"Do I really have to tell you?"
	I turned towards her, decreasing the space between us by about half. The
kidding
had stopped and I turned serious as I looked her in her beautiful, hazel
eyes. "I suppose
it's perfectly normal when you are in bed with a beautiful woman."
	"Steven!" she seemed shocked. "I'm your mother, for God's sake."
	"And you're beautiful." I interrupted her.
	She turned sideways to me, a look of concern spreading across her face.
"Are you
telling me that you want to make love to your mother?"
	"I'm telling you that there isn't anything I'd rather do more." Her mouth
opened in
disbelief at what she had just heard. There was silence. It couldn't have
lasted more than a
few seconds, but to me it seemed like forever. I slid my hand, which was
beneath the
covers, towards her, seeking out her hand. I grasped her fingers and held
them tightly. I
moved my body closer to her. She squeezed my hand back. 
	"Steven, Steven....I.....I don't know....." I stopped her in mid sentence,
placing
two fingers across her pursed lips. "It's right, Mom. I KNOW it's right." I
tried to assure
her. My heart was literally pounding with anticipation. I was so afraid that
she would turn
me away and a lifelong fantasy was about to be torn asunder. What I didn't
know at that
moment was that Mom, too, had had these thoughts as well. If only one of us
had said or
done something years earlier, we could have been lovers for so much longer!
I cupped my
hand behind Mom's silver/blond head. I moved my head to her, my lips ready
to press
against hers. I waited for some sign of refusal, but there was none. Our
eyes were locked
on one another's. It was a magical moment as our lips finally met as lovers
after so many,
many years. It was a warm, deep, soulful, incredibly passionate kiss so
filled with emotion
unlike any kiss I've ever experienced. That one kiss unleashed a passion
within my mother
that filled me with shock. As she told me later, she hadn't slept with a man
since my father
died.
	One long, deep kiss. Many short, pecking, loving kisses on the face, the
chin, the
neck. There are two ways one can make love with another person. The first,
and most
unenjoyable, is for the lovemaking to be a constant struggle of trying to
understand and
feel what your partner wants or likes. The second and, unfortunately, the
one we seem to
experience less, is when the two lovers are of one mind. Everything is right
and everything
just seems so normal and easy. Mom and I were the latter, only tenfold. I
suppose that
part of the reason is that we were always so much alike. I'm much more like
her than my
father, although I look more like he did.
	As soon as that first restless kiss was under our belts, the uneasiness
magically
disappeared. I think we both realized immediately the bridge we had just
crossed....and
burned as we did. We held each other in a long, hard embrace. If I had
spoken at that
point, I probably would have said, "Where have you been all my life!" I
slipped my leg
between Mom's as my knee pressed against that elusive pussy I so wanted to
fuck. As we
hugged and touched each other's bodies, Mom pushed me back a bit. She laughed.
"What's so funny, Mom?" "You set this whole thing up, didn't you?"
	"What do you mean?"
	"You purposely reserved just one room, acting so damn surprised when the clerk
told us. You planned to seduce me all this time, didn't you? You are sooo
bad!" She
teased me as she pulled me back to her, her warm breasts pressing against my
chest.
	"I didn't. I swear I didn't! But I should have, shouldn't I?" I rubbed
against her
pussy with my leg. Mom began to writhe around the bed. She was too turned on to
answer me as our lovemaking began to get serious. We kissed, deeper and
harder, my
tongue slipping between her parted lips, our tongues dancing ballets across
one another. I
slipped my hand beneath Mom's nightgown, feeling the cloth of her panties
and moving up
towards her breasts. Her skin was still somewhat soft, a slight bulge around
her waist. I
reached her breast, one of the objects of my boyish desire. Her tits were
saggy, but still
wonderful. I squeezed her tit for the first time with such pleasure, my cock
a volcano
ready to burst. Her nipple was hard and wonderful to the touch. She arched
her back as I
pinched her dark brown nipple between my fingers. I slithered over to suck on my
mother's tit. She wriggled around as I sucked, pulling her nightgown over
her shoulders
and tossing it to the floor. I sucked on one tit, fondling the other, then
switched back and
forth. Mom was already reaching a frenzied pitch, as was I. I kissed her
tits, her tummy,
her face, her neck. I kissed her all over as she moaned with obvious
pleasure. It was all
about Mom. I wanted to please her, do everything to turn her on, to make her
cum.  God,
I wanted to make her cum so bad. 
	I tossed the covers back, exposing her naked body (except for those panties). I
gazed longingly and lovingly at this woman lying before me. My mother. My
lover. I
positioned myself over her. I straddled her waist, my cock flat against her
pantied pussy. I
held her waist and just looked at my lover. Our eyes locked and a deep,
meaningful, silent
smile passed between us, joined us. I reached my body back down, kissing her
tits, her
tummy and finally reaching the greatest prize of all. I moved my body down
her legs as I
slipped off her panties. Finally! My mother's cunt was in full view. This
pussy that I had
jerked off thinking about countless times. The cunt I had dreamed about for
40 years!
	Her pussy was covered with gray and black hair. I touched my fingers to her
pussy
as mom squirmed with delight. I began to finger her, parting her lips with
my fingers as I
did. Her clit was big and so easy to find. I rubbed my mother's clit. She
moaned harder
and faster. Oooohs and Ahhhhhs were frequent. I slipped my head down and
tasted my
mother's pussy for the first time. I began to eat out my mother. I was
lapping up her pussy
at a frenzied pace. I really lost control of myself. Mom grasped her hands
to her head and
began to moan louder and louder as I continued to eat her pussy. She lunged
her cunt at
me as I ate her and I knew she was going to cum. She yelped as she did,
pressing her cunt
to my face. The smell of her pussy was intoxicating and she had to stop me
after she came.
I didn't ever want to stop. 'Steven! STEVEN!" she moaned loudly. "My GOD!" I
was so
happy to make her cum. "Stop, baby. You're driving my insane!" I stopped,
reluctantly as
she pulled me up on top of her. I laid over her as she regained her wits
about her.
	"You're father never did THAT! Where did you learn how to do that, Steven?
God, you might look like your father but you sure don't make love like him!"
She was
grinning ear to ear. As I waited for her to get her strength, I wriggled off
my underwear.
They were soaking wet. Mom craned her neck to see her son's cock. She was
impressed. I
slid off to her side and we lay there for a few moments. We started to kiss
again. We
started to get hot again. We hugged as we kissed. Mom enjoyed feeling my
bare cock
against her body. "Get on top of me," she whispered to me. Without our lips
separating, I
managed to climb on top of her. I reached down to guide my cock inside of
her. She
pushed my hand away as I did. "Let me," she insisted. She grabbed hold of my
cock,
briefly running her fingers up and down the shaft with great intensity. She
touched the
head of my cock to her clit and gasped with pleasure. Slowly, very slowly,
she pushed my
cock into her rather wide cunt. I could feel the wetness and the warmth
inside. Mom's
tongue was slipping from her mouth and she bit it ever so gently as I
entered her. Her eyes
were closed as I stared at her face. As my cock easily slipped inside of
her, she realized
her grip. I slid in deeper. I grabbed the cheeks of her ass as I began to
fuck her. I was
fucking my mother and it was the most incredible experience I've ever had. I
lunged my
cock deep, deep inside her. I played with her, slipping it slowly in,
pulling back, slipping
deeper, pulling back. It was driving her insane. There was no way I was
going to be able
to not cum right away. I held it as long as I could and then BAM! I swear,
if I hadn't been
inside her, that load would have shot across the room! I let out a long,
satisfying moan of
pleasure as I came inside of my own mother. She held my ass tightly, keeping
me inside of
her as I came. I think she came as well. We lay there, my cock losing its
hardness inside of
mom's cunt, cum dripping down the sides of her gray pussy, thoroughly
satisfied. She
rubbed her hand across my cheek, grinning ear to ear. I had just fucked my
mother. Could
life get any better? After regaining some strength, we fucked once again,
just as satisfying
for us both. At one point in our lovemaking, Mom had me on my back as she
climbed on
top of me. Watching her slip my cock inside of her and then pumping up and
down on my
member as her sagging tits flailed back and forth was just incredible.
Afterwards, we must
have talked for over an hour as we lay there naked and totally in love with
each other. It
was a great talk we had and we've never been closer than at that moment in
time. There
was something magical in that night and when we fell asleep holding each
other, I slept
better than I ever had my entire life. 
	In the morning, we awoke and fucked again. Mom told me that she was glad that
we had fucked. I told her the same. We had established a brand new
relationship. Where it
would take us, I could not say since it is only less than two months since
this happened. I
know we are both glad it did, though. Now I can't stop thinking about her. I
want to fuck
her all of the time. I've even seriously considered moving in with her. We
talked about it
and she is not sure, either. Having sex with my mother was the best thing
I've ever done.
No matter what happens, I will never feel otherwise. It really turns me on
when I go visit
her and we bump into some of her friends. Of course they have no idea that
we are
sleeping together. Sometimes I just want to scream it out to everyone. "Hey,
YOU! I'm
fucking my mother!!!" 
	I wrote this account for several reasons. Number one, I just had to tell
someone
and where else can I do that without anyone knowing who we really are?
Secondly, I
know that many who read this are just getting off on it and that's okay, but
those of you
who have had similar experiences or simply thought about it are the ones I
want to hear
from. I'd like some feedback and some help from those of you who understand
what I'm
going through. Maybe we can talk about it. I'm sure incest is something that
goes on alot
more often than people think. I really don't see anything wrong with it as
long as both
participants are adult enough to realize what they are doing. I don't
condone sex between
a parent and a young child or just an adult and a young child. That, to me,
is wrong. So
please write me and give me some sense of what lies ahead for me. Those of
you who
fantasize about screwing their mothers, let me know that, too. Maybe I can
help YOU as
much as you can help me. Thanks for listening to my story. I'll be writing
more in the
future, I'm sure!!!!
	


















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....