                   Lush Fantasy


               I turned my head to watch him as he checked my bonds. He
knelt by my left wrist, his big long fingers tugging the soft white rope
into place. Still as a hurricane's eye, I watched him, thinking,"what the
hell am I doing"? 
           
             I didn't know him, and yet I did. I'd known him for a year,
through the gossamer bonds of electrons and ink. Conversely, I'd met him
ninety minutes ago, in a fashionable eatery. He was in town on a business
trip, and wanted to finally meet me , to add a little pleasure to his
business, he'd said. 
        
              Pleasure and business, I thought, as he stood up, satisfied;
towering over me, he put his hand on my stomach and smiled at me with
gentle possessiveness. I tried to smile back, more than a little afraid;
he was huge! He was an immense man of thirty, more than a foot taller
than I, broad and muscular with warm fat over deep,strong muscles. He
could lift me. When you weigh 220 pounds you become very impressed with
any man who can lift you in his arms and carry you into your dorm room. 
       
              He climbed into the bed with me; I felt the ropes gently
pull on my wrists as my body slid to meet his, as he lifted each of my
legs in his hands, kissed the inner side of the knee, and placed it on
either side of him. I tried very hard to relax, looking only at his face;
though he was big in every way, my reaction to the size of his cock was
fright unmitigated by my desire. He'd laughed at the horror on my face,
then, remembering that I'd told him how hard it was for me to let go and
have an orgasm or let a man inside me, proposed this as an alternate. 
Instead, I took it to make it easier for me, to relax myself enough to 
let him in. 
       
              He ran his hand over my belly, just hard enough to make me
quake, and trailed a finger down to my behind, making me shiver and moan;
then, sliding his arms beneath my back, he gathered me up to him. "Are you
ready, my own?" 
       
              I felt him settle slowly down atop me, his weight
threatening to crush the air from my lungs. I knew exactly when he would
stop, leaning on his elbows, heavy enough to be felt, light enough for me
to breathe. I turned my face up to his, a blossom to the sun. "Yes, I
am," I whispered, exhilarated and afraid. 
      
             He smiled at me, tenderly and cruelly, and lowered his mouth
to mine. 

                                        ***********************
   
           I drew breath in great sobs, like a newborn trying to fill its
lungs. He lay beside me, cradling me in one arm, licking his lips and his
fingers so that I tried to giggle at him with breath I didn't have; he had
stroked and kissed, sucked and fingered me till I begged him to stop
because it felt so good it hurt, because I was afraid I would scream; till
I did arch my back and scream, gripping and pulling on the ropes; and,
finally, till I came like an avalanche, overwhelmed by the wonderful torture. 
   
              He kissed my brow, then my mouth, and I eagerly kissed him
back, tasting myself on his tongue; as he kissed me, sending quivers of
pleasure through the jelly that was my abdomen, he undid one of my wrist
bonds. He turned to my cheeks and neck, kissing away stray tears of
pleasure, as he undid the other wrist and gathered me up into his lap. As
I drooped gratefully against his solidity, feeling his chest against my
cheek, he picked up each of my wrists in turn to check for rope-burns,
then kissed the inside, right above my pulse. 
     
              "Alright?" he asked, stroking my damp curls as I buried my
face in his furry chest. "Mmmm-hmmmm," I murmured, rooting like a baby,
till I found my goal, his nipple. 
       
             He tensed at my teeth and gasped at my tongue, holding me
tightly to him; then, suddenly, he grabbed a fistful of my hair. I heard
the "pop" of the suction breaking as he yanked my head back; I looked up
in surprise just in time to be caught by his eyes, an electric, feral
green, glowing with a passion that frightened and excited me. I had no
idea what he was going to do to me next. 
      
             Then he slammed his face down onto mine, crushing my mouth
with his, his tongue a battering ram at the gates of my lips. Burying his
hands in my flesh, he pushed me onto my back, his body heavy atop mine,
kissing me till I nearly sobbed with pleasure. Finally, far too soon, he
let go of my mouth, to kiss my cheeks and breathily murmur my name, and
kiss and bite my throat and shoulders as I clung breathlessly to him, too
incoherent with happiness and arousal to speak had I breath. Fastening his
mouth to mine, he kissed me so deeply my stomach quivered, settling his
bulk lightly on me as he ran his hands over my sides and back and I wound
my arms round his neck and torso. Cupping my plump behind in his hands,
pulling me against him, he kissed me till all I wanted was for him to be
in me, his tongue reciprocally plunging deep into my mouth. He kissed me
till I wanted to scream with desire, to wriggle away and mount him, except
that the kissing was so sweet. 
       
            And then, suddenly, fiercely, I got my brash wish.
        
           I screamed into his kiss. I arched my back, fingers hooking
into his shoulders, and screamed in pain and ecstasy; he'd sheathed
himself in me in one fierce thrust. When my scream, surprisingly long to
both of us, had poured utterly out of me, I fell backward, whimpering, 
drawing breath for a sob. 
         
             His voice floated close above me, eager and concerned. "My own?"
          
             "Ohhhhhhh." I clutched his shoulders and slowly sobbed,
feeling tears begin to roll. "Oh, that hurts . Hurts so well. Oh, hold
still, I want to feel you." I could feel him, every point of space in me
he filled and strained, a network of inter twined, co-amplifying pain and
pleasure stretching away through my abdomen. "Oh, that's wonderful." I
forced open one wet eye to see the concern on his face, and weakly tried
to smile. "I'm alright." I put my hand on his cheek and kissed him.
"But...." 
           
              "Gentle," he murmured against my lips; then, denying his own
word, he clutched my hair and brought my mouth hard against his. He laid
me back down, pressing my head into the bed with the force of his kiss. 
           
             I felt a pang of disappointment as his hand left my hair,
planting itself beside my head, as he began to withdraw; maddened with
passion, my body tight around him, I wanted to keep him. When I clutched
at him, he lifted his mouth from mine to look quizzically at me. "Don't," 
I gasped. "Don't----"
         
           "Shhh," he whispered urgently. "Shhh. Kiss me." And he kissed
me again, then buried his face in my neck. 
        
             And himself deep in me.
        
            I screamed again, less shrilly, more throatily, and fresh
tears came to my eyes. My entire body seemed wound around his impaling
cock. As if he missed the taste of my screams, he plunged his mouth onto
mine, holding my head as he sank his hands into the soft flesh of my waist
and thrust over and over again, as I clutched his shoulders with nails
that drew blood and sobbed for joy and pain, crying out with each thrust. 
           
             And then, suddenly and unexpectedly, my world exploded.
           
             What an orgasm! I felt my entire body shake as I clung to him
for dear life and came, as he groaned and joined me.....when I came back
to myself, I was holding him tight round his waist, still sobbing, he
madly kissing my flowing tears and holding me tight and hard, breathing
my name as I wept for joy. 
          
             When my shaking and tears finally subsided, I clung to him,
feeling him breathe, not needing to say anything. Finally, far too soon,
he groaned and turned over, pulling me to him, my head on his chest. 
          
              He laid his hand on my damp hair, just barely stroking. "How
are you, love?" 
           
             "Exhausted." He laughed as I rose wearily to kiss his cheek,
then sink back down on him, looking down at his cock, now limp and 
streaked with red. "I may never be the same." 
 
            "Oh, dear.  You'd better be alright. I could never forgive
myself." He chuckled and hugged me tighter and I hugged him back, feeling
how muscular and massive he was, almost an entire extra mattress beside
me. Then he sighed, sounding suddenly weary. "Oh, my own, my love. How can
I go home again?"

            "Maybe you could be a lawyer here," I pointed out. "Every city
needs lawyers." 

             "No, I have to stay in Washington." He ran his finger along
the line of my jaw, turning my face up to his to grant me a kiss that went
from gently tired to gently passionate. When I was breathless, he let go.
"No, tomorrow I have to go back," he said, distantly, to himself, and I
felt a tear-prickling pang. 

          Then he pulled my old comforter over us one-handed. "But,
tonight, I'm here." I looked up at him to smile, and, smiling back, he
gathered me up in both arms and kissed me as if he meant to kiss me
forever. Winding my arms around him, I fervently hoped he would. 


Author's Note: I wrote this as a fantasy, but when I got done writing it I
saw that I hadn't made the narrator either sex, just short and plump. So,
I left it that way, for you to decide. 
