Copyright © 1997,   Bad Michel.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


                                               Lust Filled Nite


  This is my third story in a series of sexual experiences I would like to share.  A little about me.  I am 26 years old, am 5'6", 115#, brown hair, blue eyes, slim, and considered cute.  This experience happened while I was working for a C.V.S. Pharmacy.  It happened on my last night before I left to begin a teaching job.

 " Tonight is my last chance with Gary" I thought....  "I'll probably never see him again, so.....  what should I wear?"  I wanted to look as nice and sexy as I could so I would turn him on.  I pulled out my white flowered dress and tried it on.   My nipples strained against the fabric,  and were clearly visible.  My obvious lack of underwear where the material draped around my firm, rounded ass also looked quite nice.

 At first the night went by kind of slow.  I spent the early hours teasing Gary.  " Ohhhhh, Gary, I'm not wearing any underwear, just for you.  Just like I promised last week!"  I was also making little blowjob faces at him.

 While I was behind the registers, Gary came up behind them, too.  Just as the woman I rang up was leaving, he came behind me and I visibly flinched.  I then started giggling and laughing to myself.  "what's the matter?" Gary asked.  I laughed nervously and turned red.  " I thought , I was....  nothing!"  I was very emabrassed.!  "What is it!" Gary demanded, looking as though he would not stop asking until I amswered him.  " Nothing Gary, I just, Oh God, I thought.....I thought you were going to spank my bum for some reason."  I blushed deep red and so did Gary as he laughed.

 "Why would I spank you?" Gary asked.  "Because it is fun!",  I replied feeling a little bolder.  "Why is it fun?" Gary asked, looking very confused.  "It's a sexual thing" I told him.  "Ohhhh", he said, obviuosly unaware of how a spanking could be sexual.  The rest of the night, until 9:00pm when the other clerk left, was slow.

 After Jenn left, Gary and I started really having fun.  We were standing in the aisles , playing pass with a stuffed animal and acting obnoxious, when Gary said he needed to go in back.  I stayed out front and was cleaning up our mess when I felt a squirt on the back of my head.  I turned to see Gary aiming a huge water rifle in my direction.  Before I could scream or run, he had squirted me again wetting the front of my dress, which was now clung to my right breast and my jutting nipple.

 "Gary!", I yelled, You're making me all wet"  I began to run and he chased me through the aisles, squirting me and almost never missed.  I was dying to be caught, so I slowed down and begged him to stop.  I stopped and turned my back to him as he walked towards me, squirting the entire time.  Both nipples were firm as the cold material stuck to my tits and now to my ass cheeks, too!

 "Look Gary, you've made me very wet", I said, peeling the transparent material slowly from my rock hard nipples.  "I'll never dry off", I said!  We were still laughing and trying to catch our breath as we walked into the back together.  We both grabbed some paper towels and Gary stood very close to me and watched as I tried to pat dry my ass. " Let me help you", he said and put his left hand on my left hip and bent over. "I'm soaking wet everywhere!", I said, my voice betraying how excited I was as he "dried" my bum.  I patted at the material at the front of my dress.

 Gary looked up to see me drying my breasts and asked in a deepened, lust filled voice, "Do you want me to help you there, too?"  All I could do was nod my head to answer him.  My pussy tingled in anticipation as his hand slid from my hip to my breast and he began to slowly feel it.  My breathing became quick, shallow breaths as I turned my head and found his face so close to mine.  I leaned into him and our mouths met, hungrily devouring.  I felt his tongue on mine as his teeth pinched my lower lip.  

 I let out a low moan and raised my right leg to wrap around his thin hips.  I pressed my clit against his swollen cock, that I could feel through his pants.  He slid his hand under my dress and roughly shoved his finger deep inside my cunt, causing me to cry out, all the while kissing me deeply.  Then he began to walk me back into the break room.  Gary not so gently sat me in a chair.  I spread my legs and he knelt between them, tugging at my top.  I felt the first few bottons pop off as he ripped the opening.  I quickly helped him rip the remainder of the buttons off by grabbing the dress and pulling it apart, causing all the buttons to fly off.

 My tits and erect nipples were now exposed.  He immedialtely began to suck my tits, first one and then the other as he fondled and squeezed the other one.  I squirmed in my seat when I felt his teeth on my nipples and moaned as my tingling pussy made contact with his huge erection.  He reached down and threw my dress up, uncovering my glistening wet pussy.  Gary began to lick me.  I wrapped my legs around his shoulders and neck, pulling him into my pussy and grinding against his face.

 I then pulled him up and we switched positions, me kneeling in front of him, dress hanging open, and him sitting.  I fumbled with his fly, then pulled out the nicest, hugest looking cock I ever seen.  I tried my best to suck it.  Gary's cock was huge and the more I sucked and licked, the larger it became  I wanted it all and bobbed on it until I had most of it in my mouth.  Gary's cock was delicious and I wanted to suck him forever.

 Gary then pulled me up and I leaned over and began to kiss him hard.  I continued to rub and feel his cock in my hands.  I then straddled him, feeling the tip of his bulging cock at my cunt.  I pushed down trying to fit his massive manhood inside of me.  I lifted my legs off the ground, grabbed hold of his shoulders, and slowly felt him penetrate me.

 I never felt so full as his cock filled me.  I sat there until it was fully inside of me.  I then began to rock up and down, slamming myself onto him.  I continued to impale myself on his rigid, huge cock, coating it with my hot, sticky cunt juices.  Gary closed his eyes and moaned as I rode his manhood.  I rubbed my tits against his chest and kissed him deeply.  

 We fell to the floor, kissing passionately.  Gary was now kneeling and I was sitting on his lap, straddled facing him.  Gary lifted the back of my dress and began fondling and squeezing my ass cheeks.  He stopped kissing me and said, "So, you liked to be spanked?"  I giggled and said,"Yes!"  As I rubbed my clit on his cock, he spanked me several times, gently.  I laughed when he asked ," Like that?"  I answered, "Yes, sort of, but a little harder!"  Gary wasted no time as he really slapped my ass.  I felt the heat began to swell on my ass cheeks which only made me hotter and wetter.

 Gary then forced me on my back, spread my willing legs, and entered me forcefully.  I thought I was going to die in pleasure as he pounded my juicy wet cunt.  Gary would pull out and then slam back into me, making me cry out both in pain and pleasure.  I wrapped my legs around his back, reached for his ass and pushed him deep into me.  I could feel I was about ready to come and begged Gary to dump his " hot, creamy load" into me.
 
 Gary furiously pumped away and I felt like I would never be able to stand.  I felt such friction from his huge cock and deep, hard strokes.  I could feel Gary began to tense and knew he was about to come.  I closed my legs tightly around his back and pushed his ass until he was deep into me as I wanted his come inside of me.  Gary then began to maon in pleasure as he spewed his hot seed deep into my steaming cunt.  I came in waves as we both rocked until our orgasm subsided.

 We layed there for a minute or so and realized that the store was still open and there were probably customers outside.  We went to the front of the store, found it empty and closed the doors.  I could feel his jism running down my legs and I could feel my legs wobble as I walked to the registers.

 As Gary closed out the draw, I sat up on the counter next to him, wanting very badly to continue playing with his cock.  I reached out and tugged at his bely, pulling him closer.  I spead my legs, pulling him inside and wrapped them around his slim waist as his cock throbbed against my hand, and his tongue slipped over mine.  We kissed passionately and I knew this was the end, and tried to draw it out, caught in a moment of pure lust.  I fumbled with his zipper trying to release his cock, but he stopped me.  Gary cashed out the draw and we said good night.

 I was so wet I could not sit on my dress, my pussy juice and Gary's jism would have leaked right through.  Instead, I went to my boyfriends house and relived the best hour and feeling Gary's cock all over again...imagining how it felt as it slammed inside of my clean, tight, wet cunt.  My pussy exploded in orgasmic spasms and I screamed in pleasure as my pussy juice dripped all over my boyfriend's couch!!!!



michxx1@mrdouble.com



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....