
	Sherry had let John take her to her first porno movie and now they were
on their way home.  Sherry had sat through both the movies, just amazed at
some of the things people were doing to each other.  She'd never even THOUGHT
of some of those things, yet, now she couldn't stop thinking about them.  She
had never thought about what a man's sperm would feel like on her tits.  It
wasn't that she was naive, Sherry had often sucked her boyfriends off, even
swallowing their salty come.  And making it with another woman!  She'd never
thought about it, but watching some of the scenes had aroused her enough that
her panties were very damp.  Was she a closet lesbian?  Or just curious?  The
girl in the movie was a redhead like Sherry, and that added to the mistique
of it.  There was that scene where the redhead was sitting on a girl's face,
and two guys came on her face and her big tits.  Sherry had felt like she was
going to come just watching that.  Now she wanted John very badly and when
she looked over at him in the darkness of the car, he seemed so very much
more experienced than her 19 years.  John was twenty-seven and in good shape,
just beginning to show some small wrinkles around his eyes.  Sherry reached
over, across the center console and stroked John's leg, feeling the imense
bulge in his jeans.  He looked at her and smiled, asking her if she'd liked
the movies.  Sherry heard her voice, sounding distant as if someone else had
spoken. "I'd rather go home and do those things than watch them." She said.
	Sherry felt shocked at hearing her own words.  She'd never even touched
another girl "there", much less licked pussy.  She tried to explain to John
that she was feeling horny for HIM, and she wanted to get home right away.
They made it home and fell into bed, passions released and the heat and sweat
they generated warmed them both.  Later, Sherry wondered if it was the newness
of seeing other people naked and fucking, or the scenes and ideas themselves
that excited her.  The following week, for John's birthday, Sherry bought him
a VCR.  He'd wanted one, but they were saving their money, and besides, she
had some tucked away and the VCR was on sale.  Soon afterwards, John came home
(as Sherry had hoped) with some porno tapes for them to watch.
	One had a minimal plot, involving a hot-tub party, and Sherry watched in
facination as three couples seemed to swap partners freely.  One scene had
a thin blonde taking on two guys with monster cocks (even bigger that John's
8 inches), and two girls pairing up the remaining man.  Sherry couldn't be
sure which turned her on more; watching the girl suck off one guy (his come
dripping off her face) while the other fucked her doggy style, or the two
girls who took turns fucking the solo male while they also sucked each other.
John rewound the tape when it finished, suggesting that they change into their
robes (and nothing else) to enjoy the next tape.  Sherry glanced at its title
of "Erotic Short Stories" and decided that she'd change.  John had the tape
ready when they sat down and began to watch.
	The first story was a simple "housewife-fucks-mailman" type and while it
was interesting, Sherry didn't experience the thrill she had earlier.  Then a
story about a girl stranded with a flat tire meeting a couple that takes her
home to use the phone.  The woman allows her hostess to dry her rain-soaked
clothes and she's in only a robe.  The woman's hostess seduces her and then
the man joins in.  By the time the climax scene rolled around, Sherry was
stroking John's cock and openly masturbating herself through her robe.  John
was stroking her full round tits with her robe open.  The come-shot had the
man spurting on his guest's full tits and then his wife started rubbing her
face in them, licking his sperm up and finally kissing the woman.  John's
hips were moving up and down as Sherry stroked him.  Finally, with a whispery
"I'm gonna cum!" he raised his hips up and over towards Sherry. Sherry pressed
his thick cock against her tits, and said "Cum on my tits for me." surprised
at her words.  John did come on her tits, and her face.  His sperm shot out
of his cock with tremendous force, showering Sherry with his thick white cum.
Sherry greedily licked it off his cock and as she sat up and felt it run down
her chest, her fingers found a rhythmn and she exploded in the most forceful
orgasm she'd ever had.  John held her until she calmed down, asking her if
it was the movies or him that had excited her.  Sherry hedged and said "Both".
	The next story was a bit strange, with a woman dressed in leather teasing
a man tied to a coffee table.  She brought in a younger, slimmer blonde girl
who looked plain in comparison, but her naked form almost matched Sherry's.
The dark haired, leather clad woman teased the man, squeezing the younger
girls tits, and pulling her labia open, fingering her slit, all while asking
the man if he'd like to suck, taste, feel or fuck the girl.  The man's cock
was standing hard and he pleaded to be allowed to fuck the girl.  The girl
just stood there, doing whatever the darkhaired woman told her to do.  Sherry
felt her pussy dripping onto her robe, her ass wet with her own juice. John
was stroking his cock and pressing on it hard, making his hips move. The
darkhaired woman allowed the girl to sit on the man's chest and rub her cunt
on him.  He responed by moaning and asking again to fuck the girl.  This went
on and on until the girl sat on his cock.  She sat perfectly still and the
woman told the man to come.  The look on the blonde's face said that he did
indeed come inside her, her eyes widening then closing in estacy.  The dark
woman told the girl to rise up, and she took her hand and rubbed the wet
mixture of their creams on the girl's face, tits, and stomach.  The girl was
then told to lick the dark woman's pussy.  Sherry was experiencing almost
continual orgasms at this point, her mind reeling and her body spasming at
the sight of the girl.  The blonde glistened as she leaned back and let the
dark haired woman ride her face, and when she finished she sat up, a thick
wet cream smeared all over her lips and chin.  Sherry orgasmed hard, just as
John's sperm soaked her tits, stomach and robe.  That night they went to bed
and fucked hard, Sherry thinking about that scene in the movie with the man
tied down.
	On Saturday, John and his best friend Don went to a boat show, planning
to be gone until dinner time.  Janet, Don's girlfriend stopped in for a visit
while the men drove off in John's car.  Sherry and Janet talked for a while,
and Sherry noticed for the first time how sexy Janet was.  Janet had light
brown hair, and a sensual mouth, and her figure was soft and nicely shaped.
Her breasts were large enough to sag just a bit, and they seemed longer than
they were round.  The topic turned to sex and Sherry told Janet about one of
the tapes.  Both women went to the living room and started watching the one
with the short stories.  Janet watched without comment the story of the
stranded woman, and when it was over, she hit the pause button.
	"Can I ask you something Sherry?" Janet said softly.  Janet was older by
six years and Sherry assumed that she knew a lot more about sex.  Sherry nodded
and Janet continued. "Have you ever thought of making it with another woman?"
	Sherry blushed, and said that she hadn't until she saw some of these
movies, that she wondered how it would be.  Janet confessed that she too had
wondered, but after learning that a high school friend of hers had been having
sex with Janet's older sister.  Sherry asked Janet a question then.
	"Have you ever wanted to be tied up?" She said.  Janet said that Don had
done that to her once, and she'd enjoyed it, but only if she knew she could
get out of it.  She'd tied Don up once too and found it a lot of fun to be
aggressive and dominant for a change.  Sherry started the tape, telling Janet
to watch.  They both watched the dark haired woman tease the man and the girl
did what she said.  When the tape finished, Sherry hit the rewind button.
	Janet's face was flushed, and she was sitting closer to Sherry than she
had been before. "Could you rewind it to where she sits on his prick?" She
breathed.  Sherry looked at Janet, seeing a pink flush peeking out over the
top of her v-necked t-shirt.  They watched the scene again, and when the girl
sat there getting their creams rubbed on her Janet fell back against the sofa
and sighed heavily.  Sherry stopped the tape and looked at Janet.
	"Are you alri..." She broke off in mid sentence, seeing the dark wet area
that had spread across Janet's tan jeans.   Janet's nipples were poking against
the t-shirt and her face was flushed and red.
	"God!  I just came without doing anything!  Just watching a porno movie!"
Janet breathed.  "Can you beleive that?"  Sherry told Janet that she'd have
to clean up before leaving and suggested that she could wash Janet's pants.
While Janet peeled out of her jeans, Sherry brought her spare robe into the
room, seeing Janet naked from the waist down.  Her eyes locked onto Janet's
thick dark bush, and the sensuous lines of her hips and thighs.  Janet saw
Sherry's gaze and smiled.  "This is sort of like the stranded-woman story
isn't it?" Janet said, indicating the robe. "Are you going to seduce me?"
Electricity filled the air and they both felt it.  Sherry stood close to
Janet, the older woman just an inch or so taller.
	"I-I'd like that." Sherry whispered.  Janet and Sherry didn't breathe,
and then Janet's hand touched Sherry's arm.  Without a word, Sherry knelt and
began kissing and licking Janet's bush.  Janet stood, spreading her legs
slightly.  Sherry tasted her first taste of another woman, and it ignited a
burning desire within her.  She used her tounge to probe Janet's soft folds,
tasting her cream from her earlier orgasm.  Janet shucked her shirt and bra,
standing naked over Sherry.  "Suck my clit.  Use your tounge on it." She
whispered. Sherry complied, concentrating on Janet's small bud, making the
older woman rock her hips and hold on to Sherry's head.
	Sherry pushed Janet back onto the bed, kneeling on the floor and sucking
while Janet moaned and began to tremble.  Sherry couldn't beleive how much
this excited her, making her own cream seep around her panties, wetting her
crotch completely and soaking her jeans.  She couldn't believe how good Janet
tasted either, so different from a man's sperm.  Janet started thrashing on
the bed, moaning and thrusting her shaking hips up to Sherry's mouth.  Sherry
seemed lost in a haze of lust, rubbing Janet's cream on her face, rubbing her
face in Janet's pussy.  Janet's orgasm subsided, but Sherry continued to lick
and suck the sopping pussy before her.  She rubbed her face against Janet's
wet cunt, breathing very heavily.  When Janet pulled away, Sherry leaned
back, panting, her hand down the front of her unzipped jeans, and the other
hand rubbing Janet's cream on her face and down under her shirt to her tits.
Janet watched for a moment or two, seeing Sherry completely lost in her lust.
Her voice brought Sherry out of her haze, focusing her on the present.
	"God you're so hot!" Janet said. "Let me make you come now."  Sherry just
looked at Janet, and she sat back on her feet as Janet stood over her.  Janet
helped Sherry up, and began undressing her quickly. Sherry's face was slick
and wet with Janet's cream, and once her blouse was off, Janet wiped some onto
Sherry's left nipple. Sherry gasped and felt Janet's touch on her breast.
"Would you like me to rub myself all over you like the girl in the movie?"
Janet asked.
	"Oh, God Yes!" Sherry said.  Janet made Sherry lay back, and Janet moved
over her and started rubbing her pussy on Sherry's firm round tits.
	"Oh, your breasts are so beautiful." Janet said, feeling Sherry's erect
nipple graze her clit.  Sherry lay there, feeling the warm wetness against
her tit.  "Had John ever come on your tits?" Janet asked.  Sherry moaned,
remembering the night before.
	"Yes. Twice. Just last night" She whispered.  Janet picked up on Sherry's
lack of "sophistication" right away.  She started asking more questions.
	"Has he ever come in your mouth?" Janet asked.
	"Yes." Sherry replied, "lots of times."
	"Do you like it when he fills your mouth with come?"
	"Yes."
	"Do you rub it all over your face too?"
	"No."
	"I bet the next time, you'll rub it all over your face and tits"
	"OH YES!"
	"Would you like to lick John's come off my tits?"
	"Yes!"
	"How about sucking it out of my pussy?"
	"Ohhh yessss."
	"Or having both Don and John come on you and I'll rub it all over you."
	"Uhhhhhh yessss"
	Janet was still rubbing her creamy pussy all over Sherry's tits, making
them wet and shiny with her juices.  She turned around and sat on Sherry's
face, letting the slim redhead suck her pussy again.
	"Just think if this were John's thick hot come on your tits, and I'm
sitting here rubbing it all over your tits and stomach while you eat me."
	Sherry's hips were undulating, her legs opening and closing in search of
something to wrap around.  Janet's hands were massaging her own slick cunt-
juices over Sherry's body, and finally, she couldn't resist and bent down to
lick Sherry's dripping cunt.  As Janet's tounge found her sopping slit, Sherry
pulled her legs up high, spreading herself for Janet.  Janet's face was soaked
almost at once, and she became as carnal as Sherry once she tasted her sweet
thick come.
	They lost track of time and their orgasms, until at last, they lay on
the bed holding each other, their bodies slick with sweat and their creams.
Janet leaned over and started to kiss Sherry, and Sherry began to resist. It
hadn't seemed wrong to suck each other's pussies, nipples or be covered in
slick come, but kissing was so...so...   Before she could make up her mind,
she felt her arms go around Janet and they kissed each other with long deep
kisses, their tounges flirting and dancing.
	Sherry saw the time a bit later, and suggested that they shower and then
get Janet's clothes dry.  They'd just finished and were having coffee when
John and Don returned with two large pizzas and some video tapes.  They ate
dinner and watched a comedy movie, laughing and joking with each other.  About
an hour later, Don sheepishly said that the other tape was a dirty movie, but
it was so very hot that he and John thought the girls might enjoy it.  Janet
and Sherry laughed, and said that was a good idea.  Don put the tape in and
everyone settled back on the sofa to watch.
	The movie was about a rich young woman with a house full of servants. The
servants were always scantily clad, be they men or women.  The woman's niece
comes to visit, and she appears to be about 19, and very horny.  After some
scenes where the niece takes on the "maid" and then the "gardener", the woman
decides to see just how much she can handle.  She has her niece lay naked in
the living room and instructs her to masturbate.  She also says if she wants
to stay here she'll follow instructions.  The girl complies and begins to
masturbate.  The "aunt" tells her to let every one of her servants have her
favors, since she's been giving them away anyhow.  All of her male servants
enter one by one and they use every part of the girl's body.  The "aunt" keeps
them all in the room, not letting them come yet.  Once all the men have had
at least one good fuck, she has all eight of them circle her and jack off,
covering the young brunette with their sperm.  The men back off and now the
girls enter and strip.  Each female servant begins to lick the niece off, and
while one would suck her pussy, another would straddle her face.  This went
on for a while, then the "aunt" demanded had everyone sit down except the
niece.  Then she told the girl to "crawl from person to person and suck them
off again like the good cum-covered slut that you are."  The girl complied
and fingered herself the whole time.  The movie closed with the girl standing
and rubbing her face and tits, and saying "I love being a slut for Aunt Joan!"
	Sherry and Janet were both sitting between their men, and both were quite
turned on.  By the bulges in the men's pants, so were they.  Janet was the
one who was bold enough to start.
	"I bet you guys would love to have a 'niece' like that!" She said.
	"Or an Aunt Joan!" Don replied.  John echoed the sentiment.
	"Well, how about you play the butler Don, and John's the Chef." Janet
giggled with Sherry. "We can decide who plays the niece."
	The men agreed, and asked what next.  "Strip to your shorts!" Janet said
firmly.  Sherry was sitting back and watching them pratically tear their clothes
off.  Janet looked at Sherry. "Niece?" She asked. Sherry nodded.  "STRIP!"
Sherry stood and removed her clothes, standing naked in front of everyone.
Janet stood and removed her pants, top and bra, leaving her panties on.  She
told the men to strip completely and smiled with satisfaction as their cocks
sprang to attention.
	Janet leaned back against the sofa and pointed to her sopping panties.
"Take them off with your mouth." She commanded Sherry.  The men watched and
stroked themselves while the fair redhead pulled off Janet's panties.  "Now
suck my cunt.  Lick it like a good slut." She further commanded Sherry.  The
petite redhead litterally dove into Janet's cunt, rubbing her face in it and
making it wet.  Janet called John over and started sucking his cock.  She
also told Don to fuck Sherry's cunt hard, but not to come.  Sherry felt Don's
smaller cock slide into her drenched pussy, and begin pumping her.  She felt
like she was in heaven.  The room filled with the warm scent of sex, and they
were all feeling it quite heavily.
	Janet made Sherry suck her while John slammed her cunt from behind, and
all the while Janet told Sherry that she had to lick John's cum from her cunt.
Sherry was all primed, but at the last minute, Janet changed her mind.  She
had both men kneel on either side of Sherry.  She told Sherry that the guys
would jack off on her tits, only if she gave them the proper encouragement.
Sherry laid back and rubbed her tits, and her pussy, telling the men that she
wanted them to come on her tits.  Janet told her that wasn't good enough, to
try harder, whispering something into Sherry's ear.
	Sherry started again. "I want your cum! All over me!  Janet wants to suck
a hot cum-covered slut. Make me your hot cum-covered slut tonight so Janet
will suck my cunt!  I'm so wet!  I'll suck Janet's cunt for you, or her tits,
or rub my sperm covered tits in her face for you.  I'll do anything if you'll
shoot your hot cum on me!"
	Both men released a torrent of hot sperm onto Sherry's face and tits.
She moaned and orgasmed right away, her hips rising and her whole body shuddered
as stream after stream coursed over her.  Both men sat back.
	"Let her lick your cocks off." Janet commanded.  The both moved up and
Sherry licked them off, tasting the come of two men.  When she'd finished,
Janet, who'd been fingering herself while watching, straddled her face, and
sat just about two inches too high.  "Lick me with your come-coated tounge
you hot slut!  Lick my cunt!  Make me cum in your face."
	Sherry pulled her down and started sucking.  Janet's hands began rubbing
the sperm over Sherry's tits, and rubbing some on her own bigger tits as well.
She reached down and fingered Sherry's orange-red bush, triggering Sherry's
orgasm.  Janet laid down on top of Sherry, feeling their bodies slide wetly
over each other.  Janet's tounge found the younger girl's clit, peeking out
from behind her orange bush.  She sucked and licked, her own juices flowing
feely into Sherry's mouth.  Both girls began to come, racing each other to a
orgasm.  They both came almost together, moaning and writhing on the floor,
their cum-lathered bodies slipping over each other.
	Finally satisfied, everyone laid back and began to relax by their mates.
Sherry looked at Janet a short time later while the men were dozing and lick-
ed her lips, mouthing the question "tomorrow?" and seeing Janet lick her lips
as she nodded.  Sherry looked at the VCR and decided that it was really the
best thing she'd ever purchased in her life.

--end--

