LUVNPLNT.TXT
     Julie was a "temp" across the hall from my office, in Customer Service.
She was demure and diminutive, maybe 5'2", with clear green eyes and short
dark hair. We nodded politely, and she always gave me a sweet "Hi, Will" in
the hall, but I found myself gazing at her small, perfectly formed body
after she passed. I'm 6'5, an engineer, typically submerged in my work, and
at the time, 50 years old, divorced for 6 years. She was much younger than
I, and was wearing a gold band. So, I figured she was just good to look at
and dream about. 
     We finally spoke at the office Christmas party. We talked about nothing
in particular, but I found myself sinking into her sparkling green eyes...
     My department was swamped, and her's was about to release her... so I
asked her boss how she had worked out. I explained that her knowledge,
gained in 6 months of dealing with customers, would be very useful to our
group. He said that she was diligent and intelligent, and that he thought
she would do a good job for me.
     I asked Julie if show would consider working for me... I thought she
was intelligent, hard working, and could do my department a lot of good.
She visibly melted at my words. She said she wasn't sure, that she would
have to consider it, and would let me know the next day.
     I wasn't really prepared for what would happen when, the next morning,
Julie came into my office and slouched in the chair opposite me.
     "I appreciate your kind offer, but I don't think I can work for you,"
she said. "My life is too complicated now; I don't really need the work.
But I do want something else... and I believe you can give it to me!" She
must have seen the gleam in my eyes, so she went on...
     "I know you like to watch me, and that has kept me turned on for
months. But yesterday, when you said I was intelligent and diligent, I was
overcome.
     "My husband is an alcoholic... he hardly ever looks at me. He hasn't
listened to me for years, and is always putting me down. You are a kind and
attractive man, who believes in me. What I really want is to be your lover.
I want to be with you, the sooner the better!"
     She explained that her husband was working a late shift, and would then
go out drinking with his buddies. She would follow me home that evening, if
I wasn't busy. I said that I was almost never busy in the evening, and
certainly, would never too busy to be with her! She got up and touched my
hand softly. In that first touch, we felt our passions surge, and the plans
were sealed.
     After work, she pulled her car in next to mine at the apartment, got
out, took my arm, and nuzzled against me on the way to my door. She went in
and flopped on the sofa, and I offered her a drink. She said a Coke would
be fine. I returned with it, and sat down close to her... I felt awkward,
and wasn't sure what to do next... I had been single for 6 years, and
hadn't dated since I moved to the area, two year earlier.
     Julie took care of that. She took one sip of her drink, put it down,
snuggled up against me and placed a long, soft kiss on my mouth. Pent-up
passions rose immediately in both of us. The kiss turned into mouth-
to-mouth love-making. In minutes, she was flushed and quivering. She pulled
away and sat up.
     "I can't wait. I want you NOW!" She stood and stripped, casting her
clothes aside impatiently, and I followed her lead. With fire in her eyes,
she pushed me gently back onto the sofa, and knelt down between my knees.
     She gazed with wonder at my 8 inch cock, and wrapped her small hands
around the base. She said, "You're so big!", and lovingly took the cock
head into her mouth. The column swelled and pulsed, as she teased the head
with her tongue and teeth, stroking my long rod up and down, and tracing
her free hand over my chest and nipples. I caressed her face, her hair, and
her fondled her perfect small breasts with my hands. With her mouth filled
with my shaft, she gazed lovingly into my eyes.
     "My sweet Julie, I have wanted make love to you since I first saw you,"
I confessed. Her lashes fluttered, and she increased her rhythm gradually,
until I was moaning. She slowed down, squeezed my shaft with her hands, and
held me still for a few seconds. She unclamped her sweet mouth from my cock
and slid down on the carpet, with her legs apart.
     "Come and fuck me RIGHT NOW!", she said. I lay down next to her and
touched her cunt. She moaned and shuddered: she was soaking wet.
     "Please put your big cock in me", she pleaded. She was so ready,
foreplay was out of the question. I knelt above her small body, and
lathered up my cock head against her soggy outer parts.
     "Will, I want you deep inside me!" she begged.
     My cock found her hot hole instantly, but I almost had to force the
head into her swollen, seemingly virginal opening. Her jaw dropped, her
eyes rolled back, as slowly, I slid inside the tight, soggy channel. A
long, slow moan escaped her, as I finally worked it in, up to the hilt. "Oh
Will, I can't believe how wonderful it is, to have your huge cock filling
me!", she cried. She arched and clutched me to her, in our first love
embrace. We froze for a long languid moment, celebrating, and gazing into
each other's eyes. Then we started kissing: our tongues loving each other's
mouths while my cock began to explore its new home. She pulled my head
down, and whispered into my ear, "Will, I've wanted you for so long! Now
fuck me, fuck me, fuck me HARD!" We gradually increased the speed, until I
was plunging in and out, in that most precious dance.
     Fucking Julie on the thick carpet was wonderful; we had terrific
control of our movements, and our bodies merged perfectly into one. Soon,
we were ramming together, my balls banging against her ass, and that hot
glow was beginning to build deep inside me. I slowed the timing... 
     "I'm going to cum pretty quick, if we..."
     "No, don't stop! I want you to come NOW!", she breathed hoarsely. I
groaned; another dozen long strokes, and her love channel began to burn
with a fire, rhythmically grasping my cock with a life of its own, sucking
on my cock, straining to pull the love juices out of me. Julie gasped and
flushed with pleasure as we humped together, and the cum started to surge
into her hot nest. Waves of pleasure flowed through us. The frantic pace
slowed gradually, as the last pulses of cum filled her.  We held each other
close, and kissed a hundred little kisses. Finally, totally spent, we were
still.
     We got up and moved to the sofa, and talked about our love-making. I
admitted that no one had ever loved me better; my frigid wife of 20 years
had merely submitted. Since that, I had learned that women enjoyed sex too,
but never, NEVER, like this! She laughed when I asked if she had come: she
said that she came the first time when we were just kissing. She said she
had no idea what is was like to make love to a man with such a big cock...
her only other experience was with Dave, who was 5 inches; she said she had
been a virgin in those last three inches! She had come easily with him,
when they were first married, but he had lost interest, and their
occasional sex was brief and mechanical. We continued talking, telling each
other our life stories, mingling in sweet kisses and caresses. She was 30,
unhappy with her mean, alcoholic husband, and had taken the job to get away
from a very boring routine, and desperate lonely feelings. She thought Dave
would not care if she left him, and she knew she would be happier without
him. And, we talked about what could be a special problem þ her 9 year old
son. I was three years and six states removed from my ex-wife and kids,
buried in my job, with Cable TV as my main companion. Finally, she got up,
took her clothes into the bathroom, and, in a few minutes, emerged dressed.
She agreed she be back as often as she could, starting Saturday.
     At the office, we carried on the ruse that she was checking out a
possible job in my department. We spent a few hours together for the next
three days, touring the plant, talking happy talk. I'd stop the elevator,
or we'd pause on the landing in the stairwell, for a tender hug and a
passionate kiss. When we got back to my office, she'd complain that her
panties were soaked and uncomfortable. That evening, I stopped at the mall
and, the next day, and as a gag, I gave her a half-dozen extra pair of
panties! She observed, and I had to agree, we couldn't be in the same
office and do any work! We'd surely be found out, as our love was growing
and would become obvious to anyone around us.
     Saturday, we walked in the woods, spread a blanket by a bubbling creek,
sipped a fine red wine from long-stemmed glasses, and ate cheese and
crackers. We made sweet love under the sky, and afterwards she told me that
her lust had turned to love.
     She left the her job the following Friday, but would call and talk on
the phone. We arranged for more delicious encounters, every few days. After
a few months, we admitted that we were in love. Separating after love-
making seemed obscene: our passion demanded a closer arrangement. She said
she would tell her husband Dave that she was leaving him, and then we would
be together.
     That evening, I got a call from Dave, raving and ranting, probably
drunk. He asked me how I liked fucking the wettest pussy in the world. He
said he would make it impossible for me to see Julie again. He threatened
to call my boss, and get me fired. Julie, in the background, shouted that
no, he could not, that she would confess to anyone that she had demanded
sex with me. If he did anything to hurt me, she said he would never see her
again.
     Dave had his phone disconnected, then the number changed. I was
frantic. I heard nothing from Julie for three days. Finally, she called me
from the psy ward of the local hospital. She had agreed to being committed
there while he was in alcoholic treatment. But she said she was really OK,
and I could come up to visit her there.
     At the hospital, the staff treated me like a relative or visiting
preacher, and gave us plenty of space and time. She was admitted for "a
nervous condition" þ her doctor had set it up, to deal with Dave's worry
that she would continue with me, while he was locked up. The visit had its
delights. We were, as usual, overwhelmed by passion, and sneaked into the
bathroom for one more somewhat awkward, but sweet fuck.
     It turned out to be the last. Although I had the courage to drive by
their house a few times, I never saw her again. My heart was broken wide
open; after grieving for six months, I started dating and, within a year,
met and fell in love with a wonderful woman. Julie called me one time at
work, to say she and Dave were doing alright þ that she had seen me walking
with my new friend, and that she hoped we would be happy.
     That was five years ago. I'm happily married, but I never go up the
stairwell without thinking of the sweet kisses that Julie and I stole at
the landing. It's given me an appreciation for this old building, and is
the only time in 25 years I found love at work. I'll always be grateful
that Julie opened my life up, and only sorry that she and I never had a
chance to try to make a life together. I hope she remembers me with love.
And, dear God, I pray that she and her and her family are well, that Dave
has reformed, and that sweet Julie has the love she deserves.
                                                          Will B. Goodman
