From - Sun Jan 19 00:49:55 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!nntp1.jpl.nasa.gov!news.uoregon.edu!tezcat!feed1.news.erols.com!howland.erols.net!worldnet.att.net!uunet!in3.uu.net!199.170.133.5!misery.millcomm.com!Dial-02
From: mccoyf@millcomm.com (Frank McCoy)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: REPOST: LUVWRLD1.TXT 36K "Love for the World" (Mf, cons, incest, pedo, preg)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: Sat, 18 Jan 97 02:20:33 GMT
Organization: Millennium Communications, Inc.
Lines: 785
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <5bpc6v$8id@misery.millcomm.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dial-02.mpls.millcomm.com
X-Newsreader: News Xpress Version 1.0 Beta #1
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:44785 alt.sex.stories:172400 alt.sex.stories.incest:12947


                       LOVE FOR THE WORLD
                         An Erotic Story

     - VISUAL:
     OPENING CREDIT:
     "LOVE FOR THE WORLD, with the Reverend Jason Marlow"

     - AUDIO:
     OPENING THEME

     - VOICEOVER:
     "From the headquarters of International Family Love
Ministry, it's the morning edition of 'Love for the World'.
Taking the teaching of true Family Values around the world! And
here is our host, and founder of our Ministry, the Reverend Jason
Marlow!"

     - FADE IN:
     REV. MARLOW IN "PASTOR'S OFFICE" SET:

     "Good morning, brothers and sisters.  It's a splendid day
the Lord has blessed us with; and it's a greater blessing that so
many of you have been watching.  The letters keep pouring in;
telling us about how you watch along with your young ones.
     I'm especially glad to read about all the children that
watch this together with their parents:  The letters tell us of
teens in high school, grade-schoolers, even toddlers, sitting
alongside their parents; listening to the WORD; building true
Family Values by the side of their parents.  For truly, it is
about the Family that we talk."

     "I'm going to speak frankly, bluntly; and tell some truths
that need telling.  And I don't want any of you, friends, to send
the kids to the next room or anything else because they might be
shocked.  If your child is old enough to understand what I'm
saying, he or she must hear it along with you.  These are TRUTHS
that even children must learn.  So gather around; call the
children, and listen to the truth that has been revealed to me."

     "In today's world, parents have a special duty towards their
children.  Gone are the days when we could pretend children were
'innocent' of the facts of life.  Today's children, before they
turn ten, and some even before first grade, know what sex
is . . . And many of them have already developed an interest that
some parents may feel uncomfortable with.  That discomfort, is
the matter I am going to address tonight; and what you must do,
to not just overcome it, but to find true joy in doing the work
of the Lord, by properly teaching your children the true JOY of
sex, when practiced with those you love.
     For it is truly up to the parents to steer their children
right: into a healthy outlook on matters of sex.  After all, it
is not only a beautiful gift from the Lord; it is the very source
of those precious children themselves."




                                1


     "I will talk first about the responsibility of fathers.  I
must say that many fathers out there disgrace the very meaning of
the word.  Yes, there are many who behave as though their role
ends at begetting the child, or still hold to an old-fashioned
sense of 'duties' that is limited to providing the groceries
every week.  THAT is not the way to bring up a child! Especially
your daughters!  Daughters need their father to be a strong
presence, the very prototype of a manly image.
     Men, your daughters need YOU, to be the FIRST MAN IN THEIR
LIVES!"

     "And I'm not talking any halfway measures here, friends.
     When I say you must be the first man in your daughter's life
I mean just that!  Think about it: Your precious little girl, who
loves you more than anything in the world . . . you love her too,
don't you?  DON'T you?"

     "Then MATCH that love, gentlemen!  Be not only the first MAN
in her life; be the first MALE in her life!  Yes, I mean exactly
what you are thinking.  I want you to be her first fuck!"

     "Does that sound obscene?  Think about it.  Truly think of
what the alternatives are.  Think of your daughter . . . she may
be thirteen or she may be ten, or seven, or still in pre-
school . . . but if she feels ready to know the love of a man,
then should you leave THAT job to someone who can't possibly love
her the way you do?  Or should you show her what true love is?
Unless you do, your little girl may never know.  Besides, you
SHOULD be the one whose dick takes her cherry.  She should not
have to resort to tearing it on some callow playmate's cock,
outside the loving bond of the home, nor should she have to
settle for satisfying her little pussy's craving on the family
dog's prick, however large."

     "Now friends, listen to me!  This is not the Preacher Man
laying the guilt on you!  I'm not telling you that the Lord
commands that you to rip off your first-grader's panties and
shove your stiff baby-maker up her little cunt, till you blow a
wad of cum into her six-year-old womb!  If your little girl is
not yet ready, or is just not interested for now, you MUST wait
till she is.  She may even be so happy you find her worth fucking
that the knowledge will be enough for her . . . but she should
know that her love for her daddy is reciprocated in the greatest
way . . .
     and if your eleven-year old does want you to take her
cherry, or your five-year-old does want to suck on daddy's dick,
and you can tell she really means it, you'd BETTER let her!!"

     "And don't you go thinking you're off the hook, just as soon
as you and your little girl are getting it on!  You must teach
her the true meaning of what you're doing and the
responsibilities that go with it!  It may be great fun for you to
be screwing your ten-year-old, but folks, girls even younger have
had to face the main reason the Lord gave them cunts and
wombs . . .


                                2


     After all, if a man's daughters are screwing him, they
should know that sex, fucking, is how THEY were made: that their
daddy fucked his dick up Mommy's pussy, and that he shot a load
of sperm into her awaiting womb!  And let them know that THEY
TOO, can receive this blessing!"

     "If you really want to claim that as a father you care for
the RIGHT upbringing of your daughter; you must NOT deny her the
chance to become a mother herself.  However young!  Yes men, even
if your little four-year-old girl crawls into your lap and asks
you to squirt the stuff that makes babies in her tight little
hole, you must do it.  Even if her vagina is too small to take
your stiff baby-maker up inside it, that is no excuse for not
squirting as much sperm as you can inside her without entering
her.  And if your daughter is old enough to be blessed each month
with the proof she is a true woman, then you must truly not stint
with your seed!
     Let me tell you an anecdote about that: Two weeks ago I had
the privilege of attending a very special christening: Four
generations of father's daughters in one place at one time,
including the youngest mother since I've been at this church: The
young mother was SEVEN years old  . . . Just as you hear, folks:
her father told me how she had begged for her sixth-birthday gift
to be an initiation into sex by her daddy.
     And she got just that: her dad's big prick, right through
the cherry.  The man was so proud he was beaming; as he told me
how the head of his dick had gone all the way past his little
girl's cervix and into the child's womb itself when he
impregnated her, by squirting his potent seed in his own
daughter.  And not just that: That first girl's mother, who was
also his daughter, is herself only nineteen, and HER mother, also
a daughter of his, is just twenty-nine.  And they are BOTH also
expecting children from their own father. . .  And you know what
really stirred my heart, friends?  They are so happy with how
their dad has raised them, of the way he has given them the baby-
making cum from his cock into their cunts, and especially of what
he has done for the little one, that since his first wife, the
original mother, grandmother and great-grandmother of them all,
went to dwell with the Lord earlier this year, they wanted Dad to
MARRY his little one.  Now, folks, THAT is true love between a
father and his daughters.  THAT is a blessing.
     I'm glad to say, that they asked ME to perform the ceremony,
which I did, and I was there to watch when they consummated the
marriage right there, in front of us all.  The look on that
child's face, as her father slid his baby-making cock up inside
her tight little seven-year-old womb, and gave his little girl
the most precious gift of all: her own father's baby, was a sight
I will treasure all of my life.  Afterwards, all four generations
of father's daughters shared their father's seed, by dipping
their fingers in the overflow from the new bride, and slipping
the cum-dripping fingers up inside their own vaginas.  Yes, I
said ALL of them.  Even the baby was inseminated by her mother,
so she wouldn't be left out.  Now folks, THAT is true Family
Love.  Not many girls are so lucky to have fathers like that."



                                3


     "And I'm not talking in abstractions, friends.  I ask you to
do nothing that I would not ask of myself!  I want you to know
that I'm no hypocrite.  You know, friends, you KNOW, that when my
older daughter Julie left for college last September, she left
with us three beautiful children: two girls and a boy, the
oldest, seven, the youngest, two.  Well, friends, they are all
mine. As are the child my younger daughter Janice had last year
and the one she's carrying now.  And that seven year old daughter
twice over?  Little Tammy's already told me that for her NEXT
birthday, she wants me to make a baby in HER.  And I have
promised to do my duty to her and the Lord.  If it is HIS will,
that Tammy has a child before her ninth birthday, then I shall
not fail in my duty to do my part.  Nor should you, men.  Nor
should you.
     Brothers, the Lord has Blessed our family with daughters
that want me to fuck them and sire their children and I have
thankfully accepted this gift and returned it, granting them the
joy of motherhood.  So I ask, friends, 'Is it too much to ask of
YOU, that you heed when your little girl gets horny?'"

     "And mothers are important in this . . . It would have been
hard for me to have done all this without a supportive wife who
WANTED her daughters to share with her the joy of motherhood.  Of
course, Cynthia is an example of a good upbringing, for she
herself KNOWS the bliss of carrying to term two children of her
own father.  And in our household we have always made it a rule
to not hide our fucking.  Our daughters were toddlers when we
first explained to them the facts of life by example, in front of
them.  In turn, each was present when I broke the other's cherry;
and my wife was always there encouraging me to make babies in our
little girls.  It was she who showed each one of them how to
squeeze her father's prick, so that each precious drop of sperm
would flow into her womb, and not be wasted.  It was my wife, who
showed the girls the joy of sucking cock, so that they could
stimulate me to produce more seed to implant in their uterus.
Yes, and it was my wife who saw to it that each child received
the gift of her father's sperm inside her when she was fertile,
by having me sleep with that daughter when her womb was most
receptive to my seed."

     "So as you see brothers and sisters, it all ties in!  Girls
who get the right kind of love from their father, the kind that
ends up with his prick deep inside her, and his cum making her
belly grow big, will themselves want that same love for THEIR
female children and grandchildren.  And conversely, girls who
grow up knowing that parents who TRULY love their daughters, love
them enough to fuck them and inseminate them; those children will
probably WANT, yes even BEG their daddy to knock them up, by
squirting his sperm in their wombs."

     "THIS is the message that we want to spread in this
Ministry, friends . . . and the message we want to spread around
the world.  But it's not easy and it's not cheap.  Won't you help
us in any way you can?  Here's a special message about how you
can help:"


                                4


     FADE OUT, CUT TO:

     - VISUALS:
     MULTIPLE STILL SHOTS OF REV. MARLOW BEING GREETED IN
AIRPORTS

     - VOICEOVER:
     "The Reverend Jason Marlow has traveled the world preaching
his message of true FAMILY LOVE and the real values of
parenthood."

     - VISUAL:
     FOOTAGE OF REV. MARLOW PREACHING TO FULL STADIUM

     - VOICE:
     "He has shared his beautiful vision of a world where parents
and children both love, and make love to, one another, to
millions"

     - VISUAL:
     INTERIOR OF VERY LARGE CHURCH.  SIGNS AND BANNERS IN SOME
FOREIGN LANGUAGE ARE VISIBLE.

     - NEW VISUAL:
     VARIOUS ZOOM SHOTS AT THE CONGREGATION IN THAT CHURCH.

     A MAN STANDING, HANDS HIGH IN PRAYER, WHILE A TODDLER STANDS
IN FRONT OF HIM, FACING HIS GROIN, SUCKING ON THE MAN'S COCK.

     THREE WHOLE ROWS OF VERY YOUNG, VERY PREGNANT GIRLS.  ALL OF
THEM ARE WEARING VERY SHORT DRESSES, AND BLOUSES OR HALTERS THAT
DO MORE TO EMPHASIZE THEIR SWOLLEN TUMMIES THAN OBSCURE THEM.
PROUD SMILES SHOW ON EACH CHILD'S FACE, AS THE CAMERA PANS SLOWLY
PAST EACH GIRL, AND LINGERS A MOMENT ON THE YOUNGEST OF THEM ALL:
A LITTLE GIRL WHO LOOKS BARELY NINE YEARS OLD, USING BOTH HANDS
TO SUPPORT A MEDICINE-BALL SIZED BELLY THAT LOOKS TO BE ALMOST AS
BIG AS SHE IS.  THE BARE MIDRIF OF THE CHILD IS NOT COVERED BY
EVEN A BLOUSE, AS THE LITTLE GIRL IS ONLY WEARING A SUMMER SUN-
SUIT AND HALTER.  YOU CAN TELL BY THE BEAMING SMILE OF THE
CHILD'S FACE, THAT SHE KNOWS HOW PROUD HER FELLOW CHURCH-MEMBERS
ARE OF HER.

     - THE CAMERA MOVES ON TO:
     SEVERAL SHOTS OF MEN SITTING IN THE PEWS WHILE TEEN AND PRE-
TEEN GIRLS RIDE UP AND DOWN ON THEIR PRICKS.  ONE OF THEM HAS A
WHITE STREAK OF CUM RUNNING DOWN HER THIGH.  ANOTHER GIRL IS
OBVIOUSLY IN THE THROES OF A VIOLENT ORGASM.

     A MATURE WOMAN ON HANDS AND KNEES IN THE AISLE, BEING DOGGY-
STYLED BY A YOUNG TEENAGE BOY.  WHITE FOAM STREAKS THE BOY'S
COCK, AND A LITTLE GIRL WATCHES OPEN-MOUTHED, OFF TO ONE SIDE.






                                5


     THREE ROWS OF CHILDREN SITTING SIDE-BY-SIDE; EACH CHILD WITH
HIS OR HER HAND DOWN THE PANTS OR UP THE SHORT SKIRT OF THE CHILD
SITTING NEXT TO HIM OR HER, WHILE THEY ALL LISTEN RAPTLY TO A
SERMON ON "BROTHERLY-LOVE".

     - VOICE:
     "And Hundreds of Thousands at home and abroad have come to
see the light of truth about the great Blessing that is to give
TO children the gift OF children."

     - VISUAL:
     STILL SHOTS OF REV. MARLOW SITTING ACROSS THE TABLE FROM,
SHAKING THE HANDS OF, OR SHARING THE SPEAKERS' STAND WITH,
RENOWNED POLITICAL AND MEDIA FIGURES.

     A PICTURE OF THE PRESIDENT STANDING NEXT TO HIS VERY
PREGNANT 15-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER, WEARING A T-SHIRT PROCLAIMING
"DADDY'S BABY" OVER HER ENORMOUSLY SWOLLEN TUMMY.  THE GIRL
SMILES, WAVES, AND OBSCENLY WIGGLES HER PREGNANT BELLY AT THE
CAMERAS.

     - VOICE:
     "Through it all, he has argued tirelessly in defense of our
freedom to worship the Great Father and Life-giver, and earned
great respect for his steadfastness in spite of fierce
opposition."

     - VISUAL:
     THE REV. MARLOW IN FRONT OF HIS CHURCH, LOOKING TOWARDS SOME
FAR HORIZON.

     - VOICE:
     "But Divine Providence alone will not support the effort of
even such a holy man, in his striving to show the world that to
love a child is to make love to that child, and to be a TRUE
parent of a child is to be the parent of that child's children.
Those who would drive a speaker of truths like these into silence
may not be able to squelch him directly, but they can make it
difficult and expensive for him to do his work.
     Even such a wide-ranging ministry as this is, as we speak,
surviving on a month-to-month basis.  And for this we depend on
YOU."

     - VISUAL:
     MARLOW'S "OFFICE" SET, VARIOUS BOOKS, VIDEOTAPES, MAGAZINES
DISPLAYED ON TOP OF THE DESK

     - VOICE:
     "And though we encourage members in good standing of the
Ministry to tithe, we don't believe in just asking our friends
and supporters across the Nation and World to send money.  This
is why we offer an exciting range of Love Gifts that we'll send
you when we receive your offering, in appreciation of your
support for this holy cause."



                                6


     - VISUALS:
     ZOOMS OF THE COVER OF EACH ITEM AS IT IS DESCRIBED

     - VOICE:
     "For a $25 to $50 contribution, we will send you a soft-
bound copy of 'Daddy's Darling Daughter', The Reverend's personal
memoir of how he came into the ministry . . . and into the
awaiting cunts and wombs of his own pre-teenaged little girls.
For a $50-$100 offering, you'll get this handsomely bound photo-
book, 'Fathers of their Country' which records, in color and
explicitly, one night in last year's international crusade:
You'll see full color, unretouched photographs of daughters
receiving the precious gift of their own daddies' cum deep in
their unprotected pussies, sons spewing their potent seed in
their mothers' womb, and of that astounding night when two
members of that country's ruling Cabinet came up to the stage
with Reverend Marlow and, right in front of the TV cameras, broke
the cherries of their barely grade-school-aged girls.  One of
whom became pregnant that very night, from her own father's
potent seed."

     "A gift of $100 to $150 will earn you 'Daddy's Darling
Daughter' AND the videotape edition of 'Fathers of their
Country'.
     An offering greater than $150 will earn you a yearly
subscription to the special, members-only version of our Ministry
Magazine 'All God's Children'.  In addition to the fine articles,
news, and scriptural studies you know from the general-
circulation version, this one contains the actual pictures of
those precious moments when a parent gives a child their love in
the most unquestionable way, through the cunt and the cock.
You'll also get the classic one-hour video 'The Marlow Family
Holidays', featuring your best-loved scenes of the Reverend
fucking his daughters as they grew up.  And if the donation
exceeds $250, you'll also get the special full-length uncut 5-
hour videotape of 'Fathers of their Country'.  All first-time
offerings will also receive free the latest edition of 'Incest Is
Right!', which contains the full, original text of the historic
tract by Rev. Marlow which helped found a Ministry in spite of
merciless persecution, as well as seldom seen transcripts of
original research notes and correspondence."

     - VISUAL:
     MORE FOOTAGE OF REV. MARLOW PREACHING













                                7


     - VOICE:
     "Do not allow this important ministry to die out.  Your
contribution, however small, will help preserve your right to
enjoy the many blessings which Reverend Marlow wants you and your
family to share.  Operators are standing by to accept your
offering by credit card or to give you instructions on sending
your offering by mail.  Please, call now, 1-900-DAD-BABY, or 1-
900-323-2229, and open your heart so you can give in the same
generous spirit that drives you to procreate in your children and
parents.  Your contribution will be tax-deductible, and the
material, being religious tracts and literature, cannot be seized
or censored by any local authorities.  Call Today.  Please."

     - VISUAL:
     THE NUMBER: 1-900-DAD-BABY


     FADE BACK TO: REV. MARLOW IN HIS OFFICE


     "Friends, it is very important that I count on you in this
mighty task.  Back those many years ago all I had was a small
church and a booklet, 'Incest is Right!' that no one wanted to
publish.  The Lord's biggest blessing to me was a congregation of
righteous people who understood the revelation that to love a
parent is to make love to a parent, and were willing to teach
their children.  Your support is what keeps us going."

     "Now folks, I have spoken this morning about Fathers, and
before the break I had mentioned the important role of Mothers.
     Mothers out there, don't think I'm going to let you off just
with helping your daughters to get fucked and pregnant by their
fathers . . . after all, odds are half your kids won't be girls.
And I KNOW, ladies, that many of you have sons who are taking a
good look at their mothers, and like what they see: and I KNOW
many of you agonize about how to best deal with this in a way
that will help them develop a positive attitude.  Ladies, I
should not have to tell you this: 'In your hearts you know what
you should do, don't you?'"

     "Mothers, let me be blunt: do not let your boys spill their
seed on the ground, wasting their youthful energy in their hands!
     Take your son's cock into its rightful place, in that very
cunt out of which he came into the world! And especially sisters,
if you were not fortunate enough to bear sons before adulthood, I
say make haste!  Do not waste the chance to have your son beget
his own brother or sister in the very womb where he grew!  If
you're in your thirties and your son is entering his teens you
both should be fertile enough so he can give you the chance to
experience bearing your own grandchild.  Oh, I can't imagine,
what it must be like for a thirty-two-year-old mother to be
repeatedly fucked by her thirteen-year-old son, to have his prick
enter her pussy every day and deposit a big load of baby-making
seed deep inside her womb, but it must be a glimpse of what
heaven is like!"


                                8


     "Friends, I must also speak here to a delicate issue.  All
of you, fathers and mothers, are in turn the sons and daughters
of somebody.  And many of you are relatively recent converts to
the Ministry.  I got to meet many of you back when I yielded to
the temptation of public office, and I realized, my Ministry is
far from over, I can't abandon it yet!  We still have people who
are undergoing the heartbreak of knowing that they, themselves,
and their relatives, have been denied the divine joy of father-
daughter, sister-brother, son-mother fucking.  And this can mean
that in turn the family may miss out on grandparent-grandchild
incest for a whole generation!
     This is a serious problem, and one to which I'll be
dedicating a whole series of shows this week.  There I will call
upon examples from the Bible, from Adam on, to show how the Lord
has repeatedly blessed those who truly show their belief in Him,
by following the most holy of lifestyles: incest."

     "Next week, we will be devoting a lot of out time to
discussing in depth these new breakthroughs in science, that
allow children to get pregnant, and yes even impregnate, before
they reach puberty.  In the past, some people have accused me of
being anti-birth-control, and even anti-medical; just because I
think that a girl should have babies whenever she wants to; even
if that baby is by her own father.  As those of you who have read
my books know, I do NOT disparage birth-control.  If you and
yours cannot afford more children at the moment, then God has
given you the means to wait.  Use it.
     On the other hand, if you CAN afford children, then I feel
you should have as many as the Lord gives you.  Let the Lord
decide if the girl is 'too young'.  If she is, then the Lord will
certainly protect her.  In this light, we must examine these new
developments in science.  Just because it is POSSIBLE for a 5-
year-old child with today's help to conceive and carry a baby,
SHOULD we encourage her to do so, when it takes special hormones
and treatment to make it safe?  Or should we do as always, and
let the Lord decide?  We know that the Lord wouldn't make it
POSSIBLE for us to have birth-control, or these new treatments,
if He didn't want us to have them.  But does that mean we MUST
use them, or should we shun them?  OR, by not using them, are we
now cheating our sons and daughters of the chance to have
children at the early age that the Lord has now made possible?
     These are weighty decisions people, and next week we will be
discussing them in depth.  I know that many of you men out there,
like me, have gotten hard at the very thought of your little
4-year-old girl with a swollen belly.  Sometimes even I have
wondered, if I am cheating my little girl by NOT doing this for
her, and other times I wonder if I would be pushing her if I did.
Next week, we will have on our show Charlene Morgenstern; the
Family Conception girl, who made that famous tape you've all
heard about.  Later in the week, we will have as a guest Dr.
Byzmatian, the inventor of the so-called 'impregnocon' pills.  Be
sure and tune-in, as we explore this subject in depth, in our
series entitled: 'Babies having babies:  The wave of the
future?'"



                                9


     "Now folks we all know that some people do not accept the
lifestyle that we so heartily embrace.  Do not let it get you
down.  I want you to be kind, gentle and loving with those people
in your families who have not yet come into the fold.  Like I
always say, 'DON'T EVER put any undue pressure on them or back
them into a corner: DON'T EVER rub their face in what they're
missing!  But DO by all means make sure they see how joyful and
blessed is a Family that expresses true Love for each other, in
the most intimate way possible.'  My experience is that more
often than not they're dying to try, but just afraid, and more
often than not they do come around!  Sometimes even soon enough
that there is still a chance for that most holy event, parent-
child pregnancy."

     "And finally, to the children: Girls, your daddies all love
you dearly and wouldn't want to hurt you.  Even if his prick is
bursting to fuck your eight-year-old pussy, your father may hold
back if he thinks it's unsafe, or you are not yet ready.  He's
not being mean, he just wants it to happen the right way, when it
happens.  It's up to YOU to tell your father what you want and
when: Your daddy will not demand that you do anything wrong, and
if just knowing he's WILLING to fuck you is enough for you, then
it'll be enough for him.
     But you really should think about how wonderful it would be,
to know that your belly is growing big with your own little
brother or sister kicking inside you, because your own father
loved you enough to pump your sexy little tummy full of his sperm
and get you pregnant with his baby.  You will then be part of the
process of creating life!  And not only that, but if you are
lucky enough to bear a boy, that son may some day return the
favor to you!"

     "And girls, this is something that you can do, not just with
your dad, but with your grandfather as well; as the girl who is
at the same time my daughter and granddaughter wants to do . . .
Ask yourself, 'Am I READY to have a hard dick spewing hot white
baby-making cum in me?'  I do hope you'll be blessed with the
Grace of God enough to be able to answer, 'Yes,' and that your
fathers and grandfathers will be men enough to answer the same to
YOU, when you ask them for that most precious of gifts: the gift
of life itself.
     For, like the daughters of Lot in the Bible, you too may be
blessed with sons, that grow up to be fathers of nations through
you.  As that prime example shows how God blesses those who heed
his injunction to 'Go forth and multiply' with their own fathers,
so shall you be blessed."

     "Now, to the Boys: If you like your mom, and would like to
fuck her cunt, and I know a lot of you do; for I myself was hard
for my mom since almost as far back as I can recall; what should
you do?  I'll tell you what to do: Let her know.   Chances are
your mother will not only let you put your dick inside her, but
if she can, she may even let you fill her womb with your own
little brother or sister; by having you squirt your thick hot
white baby-juice inside her, and letting you knock her up."


                                10


     "Think about it . . . driving your prick in your own mom's
hot pussy, going back in through where you were born, to plant
the incestuous seed of your own siblings!  Does it get you hard?
It should.  Are you willing to give it to mom not just with lust,
but with love as well?  Then boys, you are in for a treat, for
most likely Mom will be blessed by the Lord with an equal
eagerness to welcome her son's prick."

     "And kids, don't ever forget you can also do this wonderful
thing with one another.  One of the most heartwarming things a
parent can experience, is to come home and find a son fucking his
own sister; humping her with love and joy, as the boy does his
best to implant a baby in the girl's womb, by squirting her full
of his baby-making cum.  What better way for two children to show
their parents that they know the TRUE meaning of Family Love,
than by practicing making a baby with each other.  This will
prepare the girl for that most blessed of times, when she decides
she is old enough to carry her father's baby, and the son for
implanting a child in his mother's womb.  If by chance, the
practice becomes reality and the girl's womb starts to swell with
her own brother's baby inside her, then imagine how pleased your
parents will be, at such a blessed event.
     Now let me be very clear about this!  I don't want you EVER
to take advantage of a younger brother or sister, and fuck them
without their full accord!  Don't EVER try to blackmail an older
sibling into having kids with you!  You are FAMILY, and owe each
other LOVE and RESPECT.  The Lord will be very, very stern with
anyone who does not act with true love in their hearts!  You can,
and indeed should, show love to your brothers and sisters; have
some fun fucking your brothers and sisters; and always practice,
practice, practice making babies with your brothers and sisters.
     Now, a little advice for both brothers and sisters.
     Boys: Never waste your seed on the ground, or an unfeeling
rag or tissue-paper, if you have a sister willing to let you
practice making a baby, by squirting your sperm in her instead.
     Girls: Never go to bed with an empty womb, if you have a
brother willing to fill your tummy with incestuous baby-making
cum.
     But remember kids: Always fuck in a good family spirit, as
your parents should have taught you.  Always remember, that by
having Family Fun, you may be lucky, and start a family of your
own.  Not all brothers and sisters are so lucky though.  That's
why your primary sexual partners should be your parents.  That
way, you have better chances of becoming parents yourselves.  And
what greater blessing is there, than sharing parenthood with a
member of your own family?











                                11


     Girls, I want you to think of the joy you can bring to your
mother's face, when you tell her you are carrying your own
brother's baby in your womb.
     And Boys, what greater gift can you give your father, than a
grandchild by your little sister.  Think of how proud your father
will be, if he learns you have not only been fucking your sister;
giving her the perfect gift of brotherly-love by squirting your
seed in her belly, but have transcended that by getting her
pregnant as well.  How better for two children to show their
parents their love for them and each other, than by working
together to create a child of their own?  I want each of you boys
out there to pledge never to waste your seed, when you have a
willing sister to take it in her womb where it belongs.  And I
want each of you girls to pledge never to let your brothers go to
bed horny, as long as you have a place in your body for them to
deposit their seed, and are old enough to take their offerings
without pain.  Thus you will be able to demonstrate to the world,
that you both know the TRUE meaning of 'Brotherly-Love'."

     "Now Brothers and Sisters, Our air-time is running out fast,
and I know that many of you are fired up to put in practice what
we have preached here today.  So let us proceed into this
beautiful day, remembering to thank our Lord who has allowed us
to form this community of fellowship, where we know the REAL love
a family should be based upon."

     "Incest is not only Right, it is Blessed."

     "God Bless you all."

     - AUDIO: CLOSING THEME

     - VISUAL:
     END CREDITS FOR TECHNICAL CREW ROLL OVER SCENE OF REV.
MARLOW TIDYING UP HIS DESK; FIXED ACROSS BOTTOM, ADDRESS OF
MINISTRY AND THE NUMBER 1-900-DAD-BABY

     - VOICE:
     "For your free copy of Rev. Marlow's seminal book 'Incest Is
Right!', send $3.00 for shipping and handling to the address on
the bottom of your screen.  To arrange tours and visits to the
Ministry Headquarters, or to find out about scheduled personal
appearances by the Rev. Marlow, call 1-900-DAD-BABY and ask for
extension 2868.













                                12


     Also, for a limited time only, we still have a few copies
left over from out last appeal, of the illustrated book 'Daddy's
Baby' by the Reverend Marlow's sister: the famous clothing
designer Tamara Marlow, in which she details her life from the
age of 5.  This book has over 250 pages, and is fully
illustrated, with over fourteen full-color plates; showing her
first pregnancy by her father, and even two unretouched
photographs of the time she lost her virginity, and a beautiful
full-color plate of the first time her father got her pregnant.
This beautifully hard-bound book is printed on special archive-
quality acid-free paper, with gilded edges, and comes complete
with a presentation box inscribed specifically to the family
member of your choice.  This book is not avalible in any store,
but you can get this wondrous gift for any true Family-Lover, by
sending only 4 payments of $49.95 to the International Family
Love Ministry, and indicate that this is to be for the book
'Daddy's Baby'.  Immediately upon receiving your order, we will
send you a FREE copy of 'How to seduce your Father' or 'How to
teach your child to make a baby' (your choice) to keep, whether
you keep the book 'Daddy's Baby' or not.  Please remember to
indicate which, when you place your order.  You may return the
book, if not completely satisfied, within ninety days of receipt.
In any case, the booklet 'How to seduce your Father' will be
yours to keep forever.  Call now.  Our operators are standing by.
     We want to remind you, that tomorrow, the Rev. Marlow will
have the author of 'A Child's Guide to Getting Parents Into
Incest', Carol Peters, in a live interview.  This has been a
presentation of the International Family Love Ministry.
Remember: 'The family that plays together, stays together.'"

     - END


























                                13


    _____
     /  '               /
  ,-/-, __  __.  ____  /_
 (_/   / (_(_/|_/ / <_/ <_
