Archive-name: Amazon/lxa.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Taming of the Pledge Class, The


It was the first night of "hell week" at my fraternity. We 
didn't know what to expect; but, we sure didn't expect what 
we got.

All of the pledges were brought into the dining room; we 
noticed that all of the tables and chairs had been moved to 
one side and stacked out of the way. The active brother of 
the fraternity who was in charge of the pledges walked into 
the room followed by 12 of the best looking women in the Tri- 
Delt sorority, all dressed in sweat suites. He then told us 
that the girls were going to pick out a pledge and that 
pledge and the Tri-Delt would wrestle. The rules were simple: 
submission or knock out only would stop the match, and if it 
were submission, both had to agree to the submission.

The girls walked around us studying us like pieces of meat in 
the super market. I was 'chosen' by a girl who was 5'10" 
tall. I had seen her around campus and I vaguely remembered 
her legs looking quite strong. I wasn't prepared for how 
strong they actually were. To add some motivation to this 
contest we were told that any of us who won our match would 
be excused from the rest of the "hell week" and would be able 
to watch what the others had to go through. All of us felt 
that we would win and that would be the end of "hell week".


The girls all lined up and took off their sweat suites to 
reveal fantastic bodies. There wasn't a ugly girl in the 
bunch; and all of them had muscles, I mean strong looking 
arms and legs. They flexed those for us briefly and each of 
us was looking at the girl we would wrestle. As Brandi, the 
girl I was to compete against flexed her arms and legs I knew 
that she was going to win and I couldn't do anything about 
it. I just hoped she would do it fast and that I wouldn't be 
hurt too badly. She was having fun watching my face as she 
flexed and felt her own muscles. The first match began; it 
was the biggest and strongest guy in our pledge class. He was 
6'2" tall and weighed about 190.  He was wrestling the 
biggest girl in the Tri-Delt group, she was about 5'11" tall 
and weighed 140.  They were circling each other when Jane 
extended her right hand in an invitation to lock hands in a 
test of strength. As they locked hands she extended her left 
hand and as Tony would reach for it she pulled it back a 
little. He was concentrating so hard on getting her hand that 
when she finally locked up with him and suddenly applied some 
strength he was on his knees in pain.  It was incredible to 
watch the muscles in her arms and forearms dance as she 
increased the pressure. She would bend his wrist back at his 
ears then twist his arms down to his knees, forcing him to 
his feet.  Then she would twist them back up and down to his 
knees he would go. His hands were totally useless after only 
a few minutes of this.
 We had been cheering him on; but, it was obvious that she 
was too much for him. He was pleading with her to stop; but, 
to no avail.
 The other girls were looking at their chosen pledges and 
were smiling as they would say things like, " I'm going to 
hurt you like that " or " I'm not going to do that to you, 
I'm too strong for that.  I'm afraid I'd break your wrist and 
then I wouldn't get to punish you like I want to " or " I'm 
going to make mince meat out of you Wimp, after I'm through 
with you you will beg to be my slave ".  After several 
minutes of this torture she released this hold, grabbed a 
handful of his hair and raised him to his feet. She then put 
him into a side headlock and jerked his head into her side. 
He immediately began to squirm around and was begging her to 
stop.  Jane said, " You're in luck, big boy, I'm in a good 
mood today so I'm going to put you away now. All of us have 
agreed that we would use our legs to finish all of you guys 
off. Have you had enough ? Are you ready for me to put you 
'to sleep' ? If you are then when I let you go I want you to 
drop to your knees and ask me nicely to knock you out. "  She 
released her hold; and this fool stood there trying to talk 
to her. I knew he had made a mistake when she smiled brightly 
and cut his comments off with, " Oh, good. I was hoping you 
wanted some more proof that I'm too much for you. You are 
still going out with my legs wrapped around you; but, I'm 
going to put you through a little more pain first. " Without 
another word she wrapped her arms around him in a bear hug 
and lifted him off of the floor while squeezing his 
midsection. Her knuckles were digging into his back as she 
would squeeze, let up, squeeze, let up. After a few short 
minutes of this he started to become limp in her arms. Before 
he went out she dropped him to the floor. Jane waited for a 
minute or two, looking down at her hapless foe with a smirk 
on her face, until he regained some of his composure. Then 
she grabbed another handful of hair and pushed his head back 
until he was looking up into her face.

I saw her wink at him as she raised her arm up and flexed her 
bicep for him. " Pretty strong arms for a girl, huh punk ? In 
fact these are strong for anybody. Bet you wish you had 
muscles as hard, strong and well developed as these. Now are 
you ready to ask me to finish you off, or do you want to 
'dance' with me some more ? "  This time he asked her to 
please finish him off with her long, beautiful legs. The 
girls went wild as she stuffed his head in between her thighs 
in a standing head scissors. As she slowly increased the 
pressure and stood up on her toes he started thrashing around 
like a fish out of water. Jane was laughing and teasing him, 
" Gee, I'm not really squeezing yet and you are acting like 
I'm going to break your scrawny neck. Let's hear you say, 
'Jane, I can't take anymore. You are too strong for me. 
Please knock me out now'. "  
He was barely conscious at this point but he managed to say 
what she wanted to hear. At this point Jane slacked off on 
the pressure for a second and then suddenly poured the power 
into the hold. He went out like someone had hit him with a 
hammer. She spread her legs and he dropped face first into 
the floor, giving him a bloody nose.  Jane effortlessly 
lifted him up and carried him off to the side, where she sat 
him in a chair. She walked back out to the center of the room 
and flexed her powerful muscles one more time for the stunned 
pledge class. She allowed each one of us to feel her arms and 
leg muscles as she walked down the line.


I looked up to see Brandi out in the middle giving me the 
come here motion with her finger. I was slow to move and she 
got a big kick out of this fact. " What's the matter, Timmy 
boy, are you afraid of this little girl ? I'm even stronger 
than Jane is and I'm going to crush your weak body until you 
are completely used up. Now get out here and see if you can 
take what I've got. I don't think you are man enough. "  As I 
walked out to the center of the room Brandi jumped up and 
circled my waist with her long legs and wrapped her arms 
around my head, which slammed my face into her 40E" chest. I 
heard her count to three and then I felt pain in my head and 
my ribs all at the same time; and then blackness. My God, she 
had knocked me out in a matter of three seconds. I had hoped 
she would make it fast, but this was ridiculous. It wasn't 
over yet; Brandi was straddling my body as I came to she 
leaned over and said, " How'd you like the sample, Wimp face, 
I told you you weren't man enough to take what I have. This 
is mutual submission remember and I'm not through with you 
yet.  I plan on knocking you out several times before I allow 
you to concede to me and become my slave. Now put your hand 
on my calf muscle, it's going to put you out next. It's so 
big that I have trouble getting pants to fit. Hard aren't 
they. "

Before I could respond she stepped forward and placed my neck 
between her calves. All she seemed to do was to raise up on 
her toes and the pain started immediately. She lowered 
herself back down and began doing toe raises; with each flex 
of her calves my neck seemed to get weaker and weaker. After 
about 50 toe raises she stayed on her toes and began to shake 
her hips from side to side. This not only increased the 
pressure on my neck; but watching her boobs swing and her 
laughter had me feeling dizzy.

 After only a few minutes of this I realized that her legs 
were cutting off the flow of blood to my brain and I was 
rapidly sinking into unconsciousness again. Before I went out 
completely I heard her talking, " just look at this pitiful 
excuse for a man, girls. My calves are just getting warmed up 
and he's already finished. Can you imagine what my thighs are 
going to do to him ? I hope I can make him last long enough 
to have a little fun with him. What a wimp ! I'll bet you 
that before I'm finished with him I can make him faint 
without touching him. I'll just flex and he'll faint from 
fear. "

 Mercifully, she ended my suffering by flexing her legs with 
such force that I once again sank into unconsciousness. I was 
out for about five minutes before I began to be able to hear 
and see what was going on. It took me a few minutes to 
realize that Brandi had me draped across her shoulders and 
was doing knee bends with me as additional weight. As soon as 
she realized that I was coming around she dumped me to the 
floor in front of her. " Well, hello there sleepy head. I'm 
glad you decided to join us again. I've been doing knee bends 
for the last five minutes and my thighs are starting to pump 
up a little bit. I don't think you've got anything left to 
resist me with; not that you have ever been any competition 
for me anyway. I'm going to put your neck between my thighs 
and knock you out, but not before I work you over pretty good 
and you become so afraid of my leg strength that I consider 
you to be tamed. " Brandi sat down and rolled me over so that 
my midsection was laying in between her thighs. She lay back 
and closed her legs around my waist; then she slowly raised 
her legs into the air. I was looking down into her smiling 
face as she held me suspended in the air. Suddenly she 
clamped down on the hold and I was immediately screaming my 
submission. But, Brandi was having too much fun to stop 
immediately; she would vary the pressure to see what my 
reaction would be. My ribs were being bent to the point of 
breaking, my mind was getting cloudy with the pain; and 
Brandi was laughing. After several minutes she lowered me to 
the floor and released me. She stood up in front of me and 
raised me to my knees with a handful of hair. I was looking 
directly at her beautiful, powerful legs as she placed my 
head between them. She crushed my neck and I was out again. 
This time I came to with her straddling my totally spent 
body. Brandi allowed me to come around some before she 
ordered me to put one hand on her thigh and one on her calf. 
" Now, little one, I'm going to flex these muscles of mine 
and I want you to think about how sore your whole body is 
right now because of my strength. Your reaction to my flexing 
will help me decide if you are 'tamed' or if you need some 
more convincing from my legs."


 She let that sink in for a few minutes and then she exploded 
her legs and arms. I must have fainted because the next thing 
I knew she was sitting in a chair with her legs holding me up 
in a sitting position. I shook my head to try and clear it; 
Brandi leaned over and whispered in my ear, " you are mine, 
wimp, and if you ever forget it I'll really let these legs 
work on your body. Now watch the other girls take your pledge 
brothers apart. Watch closely because I'm going to use some 
of the holds they use on you. We are going to wrestle at 
least once a day for awhile. "

My mind was still cloudy from being knocked out and from the 
ease with which Brandi had been able to so completely 
dominate me; therefore, it was difficult to concentrate on 
the remaining "matches". None of the guys in the pledge class 
won their matches.

 The girls were too strong, fast and in fact just superior to 
us all. I remember that one girl used a hold on her pledge 
that had all of us staring in disbelief. She was about 5'8" 
tall and weighed about 140; her "victim" was 5'5" and weighed 
about 120 lbs. She walked up to him, flexed her biceps and 
made him feel them, she announced, " they are 163/4" flexed 
and you tell the people how hard they are. "  He stammered 
that they were hard as steel. Then she said, " my arms are 
incredibly strong, and I want to use you to demonstrate this 
fact. "  I should also mention that she had an incredible 
body as well; she had at least 42" chest, a 28" waist and her 
hips were about 36". She grabbed the back of his head in one 
hand and slammed his face into her chest; with her other hand 
she gripped the back of his neck and squeezed with both 
hands. He was unconscious in a matter of seconds. Then she 
let him slide down her body to the floor. The next thing she 
did was the unbelievable part; she reached down and with one 
hand she grabbed a handful of his shirt and straightened up, 
pulling his limp body off of the floor. Still with one hand 
she pressed him over her head and held him there.

Brandi leaned over and whispered in my ear, " that looks like 
fun, I'm going to do that one to you tonight; plus some more 
'fun' things. "  Then Mari-beth set Jim down and when he came 
to she simply put him in a body scissors and crushed his body 
into unconsciousness again. She was through with him in a 
matter of minutes. As I sat there Brandi would flex her legs 
and then she would scissor my head and body from time to time 
until I submitted. All of the women were able to easily "tame 
the pledge class".

--
