       "Lydia"

       Copyright 1989 by     Peter N. Glaskowsky
                             9021 S. Normandale, #1144
                             Ft. Worth, Texas  76116
       All rights reserved.



            The first time I saw her, I have to admit I wasn't thinking 
       about who she was. I was just admiring her curves. She was wearing 
       jogging shorts and a tight T-shirt, and she really filled them 
       out. Her fur was smooth and glossy, and seemed to glow in the 
       bright afternoon sun. She looked strong. I like strong women.
            Then I noticed what she was doing. Anyone else, looking at 
       her, would have thought she was just giving directions to an 
       elderly Dalmation couple. They were holding up a map of the 
       amusement park between them, and she was leaning over the map, 
       giving the old guy a good view of her breasts, while she pointed 
       at the map with one hand.
            From where I was standing, however, I could see between her 
       and the guy's wife. I watched while she lifted the flap on the 
       lady's purse and reached inside.
            I walked over quickly, grabbing her right shoulder with my 
       left hand, and spun her around.
            "Lydia," I cried. "How great to see you again!"
            Her eyes lit up, and her muzzle opened in an enormous smile. 
       "Jonathan! Where have you been keeping yourself? I haven't heard 
       from you in months!"
            I turned to the oldsters. "Pardon me, we're old friends, I 
       didn't mean to interrupt."
            They smiled, and made polite sounds, thanking Lydia for her 
       help, and then walked off. I turned back to Lydia and gave her a 
       big hug, talking quietly into her ear.
            "Don't look now, but there's a cop watching you. Keep 
       smiling, maybe he'll go away."
            I could hear her smiling as she responded. "Where's the cop?"
            I spun her around. "See the Alsatian in the guayabera shirt 
       and blue slacks?" She nodded. "He's been watching you for ten or 
       fifteen minutes."
            "Thanks," she said. "Let's go." She grabbed my arm and we 
       walked quickly away. She pulled me into an unused doorway, wrapped 
       her arms around my lower back, and kissed me.
            "What was that for?" I asked. "Not that I mind," I added, 
       grinning.
            "I just wanted to say 'thanks' again."
            "Well, you're welcome! But I can think of a better way to do 
       it."
            She stood back and looked annoyed. "Listen, buster, just 
       because you did me a favor doesn't mean I'm ready to go to bed 
       with you."
            I laughed. "No, no, I was just going to suggest that you have 
       lunch with me." She looked skeptical, so I put on my best innocent 
       look, and said, "I'm hungry, okay?"
            She smiled, and relaxed. "Okay. Fair enough. Where?"
            "How about the Hyatt? There's a nice restaurant there with 
       private booths."
            "I can't afford the Hyatt!"
            "That's okay. I'm buying," I said. "If, that is, you'll give 
       me my wallet back."
            She looked sheepish, which is a silly way for a beautiful 
       wolf lady to look. "I was just going to see who you were." Now it 
       was my turn to look skeptical. "I was going to put it back. 
       Honestly!"
            "Go ahead and look," I said, laughing again.
            She shrugged, and pulled my wallet back out of her purse, 
       where she had stashed it while kissing me. She looked through it 
       quickly, then handed it back. Nothing in there to see, really, 
       just a driver's license, a few credit cards, and some cash. "Well, 
       Mister Douglas Nichols, let's go have lunch."
            I held out my arm, and she took it, and we walked off. "Call 
       me Doug. You have the advantage of me, by the way," I said. 
       "What's your name?"
            "Call me Lydia," she said.
            "Oh, come on, do you want me to take your purse and find out 
       for myself?"
            She looked over at me, and pinched my biceps. "You're big, 
       but you're not big enough to do that."
            I reached into my left front pocket, and removed a thin 
       billfold. I started thumbing through it. She looked down, and 
       stopped suddenly, turning me around. "Give that back," she yelled, 
       snatching at it.
            "Not 'til I find out your name," I said, holding it out of 
       her reach. I continued flipping through the billfold, but there 
       was no ID of any kind. Just pictures, a business card from a well-
       known lawyer, and a little cash.
            "Well, you won't find out from that," she said, obviously 
       pleased with herself. Defeated, I handed it back. She put it away, 
       looking at me speculatively. "Well, at least I know what you do 
       for a living. When did you take it, anyway? I didn't notice a 
       thing. You're pretty good."
            "Thanks. Same time you took mine. I knew you were 
       distracted."
            "Hmm." She took my arm again, and we resumed walking.
            Lunch was uneventful. Conversation was light-- the weather, 
       the rides in the park, things like that. A few times, to emphasize 
       a point, she reached across the table to touch my hand. She was 
       cheerful and charming, and after I paid the check, she fell silent 
       for a moment, and then looked into my eyes, and asked, "Would you 
       like to go to bed with me?"
            It seemed like such a natural question. I honestly hadn't 
       thought about it more than fifty or sixty times, but I said "yes" 
       without even hesitating.
            "Should we get a room?" she asked. "I don't have a place in 
       town."
            "I'm staying here in the hotel."
            "Okay," she said, almost shyly. We got up and left the 
       restaurant.
            I opened the door to my room, and held it open so she could 
       enter first. As the door closed behind me, she turned, and put a 
       hand alongside my jaw, and kissed me. "This isn't just a thank-
       you. I think you're nice."
            I put my hands on her hips, and began stroking her fur 
       through her shorts. "I like you, too."
            She took a deep breath, then reached up, and pulled her T-
       shirt off. Her breasts were round and firm, nipples standing up in 
       the bare pink patches of her aureola. I slid my hands up, rubbing 
       first one pair, then the other. She gasped, and leaned forward 
       against me, and began to unbutton my shirt. Reaching inside, she 
       ran her hands through my chest fur, scratching lightly.
            It felt good, and I returned the favor, gently tracing lines 
       down her back, feeling her arch in response. I nuzzled the side of 
       her throat, licking the fur there.
            I put an arm across her shoulders, and turned her, leading 
       her into the room to where I could see her better in the light 
       filtering in through the drapes. I could feel her breathing 
       quicken when she saw the bed, and she looked at me, and said, 
       "Make love to me, now."
            She dropped a hand to my groin, squeezing my sheath between 
       thumb and fingers, through the fabric. I felt myself responding, 
       and I reached down to open my pants. As I kicked my shoes off and 
       stepped out of my pants, she knelt before me, and started to lick 
       my penis as it extended from its sheath. As it became fully erect, 
       she stood again, sliding down her shorts, removing them along with 
       her shoes. I slipped my shirt off my arms, and embraced her, 
       pressing my hips against hers, rubbing my penis through the soft 
       fur on her belly.
            We walked together to the bed. I eased her down onto it, and 
       she turned, and reclined, pulling me down on top of her. I entered 
       her at once. My penis began to swell, and I thrust firmly, locking 
       myself deeply within her vagina.
            She cried out, and wrapped her legs around the small of my 
       back, pulling me in. I felt her tail lashing back and forth 
       between my legs, and I pushed mine down to meet it. She began 
       moaning, squeezing my cock. I don't know what she did, but it felt 
       absolutely incredible. I couldn't hold back. After only a few deep 
       thrusts, I howled as we came together.
            Our climax seemed to last for hours, although it couldn't 
       have been more than a minute or two. We continued to move against 
       each other slowly until my erection subsided enough for me to 
       withdraw. I rolled off her, and we lay side by side, looking at 
       each other, panting heavily.
            Eventually I got up the strength to move again. I reached 
       over and began to stroke her belly fur, hot and damp from our 
       exertions. "Wow!" I said, smiling.
            She smiled back. "Thank you."
            We stayed like that for a while. She was looking at me 
       closely, seemingly searching my face for something. "What is it?" 
       I asked.
            "I was just wondering why you really helped me."
            "I couldn't just let that cop get you," I said.
            "That wasn't a cop," she replied. "That was Virgil Gibbs of 
       Montgomery, Alabama. I lifted his wallet about ten minutes before 
       you showed up."
            "Urrr..." I couldn't think of much to say. Bad luck.
            "So how about it?"
            "Uh, well, actually..."
            "Go on, spit it out."
            "Okay. I wanted to offer you a job."

            She stared at me for a moment, and then started laughing.
            "What's so funny?"
            "I... I..." She was having a hard time talking.
            "Go on, spit it out," I said, grinning.
            "I thought you were a cop!"
            Suddenly it wasn't funny anymore. "Huh? But why'd you..."
            She patted my chest. "Oh, I think you're nice. But you 
       couldn't very well arrest me after this, could you?"
            I fell back on the bed and sighed heavily. "Oh, hell. And I 
       was worried that you might not take the job because I'd slept with 
       you."
            I thought about it for a moment, and then the whole thing 
       struck me as funny, and I started to laugh. Pretty soon we were 
       both rolling around on the bed, tears staining the fur on our 
       cheeks. When she came within reach, I grabbed her, and pulled her 
       against me. We held each other, still laughing, until the laughter 
       faded. She stiffened, and I realized I was hard again.
            I looked into her eyes, only a few inches away, and asked the 
       question without speaking. Without speaking, she agreed. I hugged 
       her tightly, and then she rolled me on top of me, and wiggled, and 
       I felt myself reentering her.
            As good as it had been the first time, it was better the 
       second time around. We were both more aware of the act, thinking 
       more about each other. It lasted a long, long time. She brought me 
       close to the edge over and over, and I'm sure she came several 
       times before our final climax. She fell asleep on my chest with my 
       penis still firm inside her, and I followed her into sleep a few 
       moments later.
            When I awoke, she wasn't in the bed anymore. I went from a 
       crushing sense of loss to an almost unbearable feeling of joy when 
       I heard that most mundane of sounds, the flushing of the toilet in 
       the bathroom.
            She looked at me when she came out. "What's that silly grin 
       for?"
            "Oh, nothing."
            "Well, get up, I'm hungry."
            I thought about it for a moment, and decided I was, too. I 
       rolled out of bed, feeling my strength slowly returning as the 
       motion restored my circulation.
            I noticed my belly fur was quite sticky, and grimaced. "I 
       think I need a shower."
            "So do I," she said.
            So we took a shower, and in the course of things we found 
       ourselves back on the bed, and it was over an hour before we 
       finally made it to the hotel restaurant.
            "So what's this job?" she asked, while we waited for the 
       waitress to come over.
            I looked one way, then the other, making a big deal out of 
       it. "I think it's safe to talk here," I said, grinning. Then I got 
       serious. "Would it bother you if I was a cop?"
            "But you said you weren't!"
            "No, I didn't."
            "Well, are you?" she said, impatiently.
            "Sort of. I work for the FBI, but I'm not really in law 
       enforcement. And I was a pickpocket myself a long time ago."
            "What do you do, then?"
            "I'm in a special operations unit. I guess you'd say we're a 
       sort of dirty-tricks squad."
            "Oh, like 'Mission: Impossible'," she deadpanned.
            "Well, it is, actually. What can I say? Sometimes that sort 
       of thing is necessary."
            She paused, looking thoughtfully at me. "So why are you 
       dragging me into this? Aren't you violating security?"
            "Lydia, you've already been checked out. Thoroughly."
            Again, a pause. "Lydia isn't my real name, you know." It was 
       a statement, not a question.
            "I know."
            "You can call me Rosa."
            "Thanks," I said, smiling warmly. "But 'Lydia' will be 
       better, I think. My name is really Ted, but please do call me 
       'Doug'. I do think about security."
            "Okay."
            The waitress finally showed up and took our orders.
            "So, why me?" she asked.
            "Well... this gets a little complex, so bear with me. Do you 
       remember about a month ago, when you were in Washington? You 
       boosted a thick billfold from an elderly leopard? There was a 
       diplomatic passport in there, right?"
            "Yes, I remember that!" she said. "I was a little scared 
       because I don't normally mess with diplomats. Too much heat. But 
       he wasn't dressed very well, some kind of overcoat, and I didn't 
       know he was anyone until afterwards. And he had a lot of money, 
       too, over five thousand bucks. That was when I decided to visit 
       Florida. His name was Darra Mabra, wasn't it?"
            "Right. He grew up in this country, and he's ambitious. He 
       was about to make a connection with one of his agents."
            "Espionage?"
            "No. Drugs. And strictly independent. He's trying to build a 
       distribution network for some stuff he gets from back home. His 
       government doesn't approve, but they don't want to call him back, 
       and they can't let us move on him officially. So they've 
       sanctioned some covert action. We can take him down as long as it 
       looks like the regular cops just stumble on his operation."
            "So where do I come in?"
            "He remembers you. He was asking around. He thinks you work 
       for the Families. He wants to see you again. And not for small 
       talk, either."
            "Ugh. I can imagine. Well, you don't want to just give me to 
       him, do you?"
            "No, not at all. Here's the deal..."

                                    ...

            Washington in the summer is absolutely intolerable. I 
       wouldn't stay there myself, except that the Bureau had a certain 
       hold on my talents for another couple of years-- part of the the 
       deal which got me out of jail three years before.
            I got Lydia set up in an expensive cheap apartment in Vienna, 
       Virginia. It seems like we have all our safe houses in Vienna. One 
       of these days, someone's going to notice.
            We'd been keeping an eye on Mabra, of course. When he snuck 
       out the back of his embassy, wearing that conspicuous black 
       leather overcoat, we were ready. He headed for one of the shopping 
       malls which surround the District, and we followed him cautiously, 
       Lydia and I in one car and three more agents in another.
            We stayed well back, and he found a parking space a few 
       minutes before we did. We filtered in through different entrances, 
       and found him soon enough. He was sitting, waiting for someone.
            I spoke softly, testing our comm links. These were the latest 
       in high tech, and they worked great. The electronics were 
       completely contained within soft, thin packs about half the size 
       of a slice of cheese, which we wore stuck to the inside of our 
       thighs. The earphones were less than 2 millimeters in diameter by 
       5 long, and fit completely within the ear canal. The microphones 
       were the same size, nestling into the fur under the chin. These 
       were connected to the electronics by hair-thin optical fibers-- 
       totally invisible, completely flexible, almost unbreakable. 
       Without a strip search, there was no way to detect the units.
            "Lydia, Mabra is outside the Sears."
            "Okay," came the answer, whispered in my ear.
            "Show time, folks."
            I walked casually into the Sears, stopping at the jewelry 
       counter where I had a good view of the mall. I told the clerk I 
       was just browsing, and she left me alone.
            Outside, I saw Lydia walking back and forth nervously, 
       looking at the passers-by. She seemed to be distracted. A pudgy 
       beagle walked out of the Orange Julius across the way, carrying a 
       drink, his wallet hanging half out of his back pocket.
            She got suddenly very casual, and headed after him. She 
       passed him, then stopped and turned around quickly, as if she had 
       forgotten something... and crashed into him. His drink splashed 
       all over both of them, and she made a big production out of trying 
       to wipe it off his clothes. In the process she lifted his wallet.
            It was a pretty clumsy job, which was perfect. He saw his 
       wallet disappearing into her purse, and screamed bloody murder. In 
       due course, a mall security guard came running up, demanding an 
       explanation.
            Mabra had been startled by the initial outburst, but he was 
       too cool to just run off. A few moments later he recognized Lydia, 
       and then you couldn't have dragged him away. When the security 
       guard showed up, he moved over quickly. I could hear him through 
       Lydia's microphone.
            "Pardon me," he said, in deep cultured tones. "What seems to 
       be the trouble?"
            "Move along, Mac," the guard said. "Show's over."
            "I beg your pardon, young man, this young lady works for me."
            He looked from the old cat to the young wolf, obviously 
       skeptical. "Yeah? Well, she's got some explaining to do."
            Mabra put his arm around the Doberman's shoulders, turning 
       him away. He spoke quietly, but I could still hear him... the 
       guard was one of our people, of course.
            "I'm very sorry. She has a problem..."
            "You're damn right, she does," the guard exclaimed.
            "I want to handle this myself, if I could," Mabra said 
       smoothly. He reached into his coat pocket, bringing out another 
       wallet, this one also bulging with cash. He deftly extracted a 
       few hundred dollar bills, and handed them to the Dobe' where the 
       beagle couldn't see. "Perhaps you could use these to fix things 
       with the gentleman?"
            The guard licked his chops, and said quickly, "Okay. But 
       don't bring her back here again."
            "Done," said Mabra.
            They turned back to Lydia and the beagle.
            "Give him back his wallet, bitch," said the guard. She 
       complied, meekly. He took the beagle aside and they talked for a 
       moment, the Doberman handing over one of Mabra's bills, which 
       seemed to mollify the offended victim. The guard reached behind 
       him and waved at Mabra, who promptly took Lydia by the arm-- very 
       firmly, judging by the little gasp of pain I heard from her-- and 
       walked her out the nearest door.
            I left the Sears, giving a thumbs-up to the two agents 
       outside, picking up the third who had been waiting in a clothing 
       store just adjacent to the scene of the confrontation. We hurried 
       out into the parking lot.
            Mabra had taken her purse from her, and was pawing through 
       it. He was casually discarding a variety of men's and women's 
       wallets after checking the ID in each. Then he came across a thin 
       grey folder-- and threw her whole purse down between two cars as 
       they continued to walk. She tried to run back after it, but he 
       grabbed her arm again, and pulled her along.
            "Where'd you get this, bitch?" he asked, consciously 
       repeating the term the guard had used, putting her in her place.
            "I... I don't remember..." she stuttered.
            "Sure you do, bitch. You stole it from me!" His voice was 
       trembling with rage, and he just got angrier as he flipped through 
       the pages of the passport. "What the fuck did you do? What the 
       fuck is this?" he demanded, waving the picture page in front of 
       her face. The altered document had her picture on it now, showing 
       her name as "Terry Mabra"-- a poorly-done modification, done by 
       one of the most skillful artists in the CIA.
            "I... that is..."
            He slapped her hard, and I winced at the sound. "Tell me!"
            "I thought I could use it to get out of trouble sometime."
            "Well, it just got you into a world of hurt, bitch."
            "What are you going to do with me?"
            "I don't know," he muttered. They continued to walk for a few 
       more paces, then he stopped suddenly, yanking her around. "Damn 
       you, bitch, you made me forget about my appointment!" He turned 
       and started walking back to the mall. I could see the tip of his 
       tail twitching quickly back and forth just below his overcoat.
            "I can't go back in there!" she cried.
            He stopped again, clearly frustrated. "Shit! Shit!" After a 
       moment, he turned back, and they resumed walking towards his car.
            "What am I going to do with you?" he asked himself, cooling 
       off. "If you'd been working for someone, I could have used you, 
       but you're just a petty thief. Maybe I'll just kill you," he 
       mused.
            "No! Oh, please, no! I can..." She broke off.
            "What, bitch?" he asked, his chain of thought broken.
            "I can work for you... or whatever you want," she said, 
       licking her lips, reaching timidly over to stroke his chest.
            "Fuck a dog? Not a chance, bitch. Try again," he laughed, 
       cruelly.
            "My family will pay you to let me go," she offered.
            "Don't make me laugh."
            "No, really," she insisted. "My real name is DiTomazzio, my 
       family... has connections, you know?"
            He looked at her sharply. "You putting me on, bitch? You mean 
       your family is Mafia?"
            "Yes... I'm sure they'll make it up to you."
            He thought for a minute, then smiled suddenly, a very phony 
       smile. "Ah, screw it, I got a better idea. You need a job, don't 
       you? You're no fucking good at this pickpocket shit."
            She said nothing, but nodded.
            "Okay, so you work for me now."
            "You mean it?" she asked, hopefully.
            "Sure. I need someone with connections."
            This change of heart was so transparently phony, I wasn't 
       sure if she could even pretend to believe it-- but evidently she 
       convinced him that she did. He even let her go get her purse back, 
       watching carefully to make sure she didn't run away, and was 
       clearly pleased when she came back to him.
            They finally reached his car, and Robbins and I hurried to 
       ours. We had to stay within about a half mile to pick up the 
       signal from Lydia's body mike, even with the more sensitive 
       antenna on the car.
            We had a Doppler direction finder to follow Mabra's car, 
       although he just got her address from her, and took her back to 
       her place. He didn't seem to have a whole lot of time, so he 
       talked quickly, trying to persuade Lydia that he could make her 
       rich, protect her, and so forth-- I was thinking he missed his 
       calling. He should have been a pimp.
            He didn't stay long, just made a quick phone call, and gave 
       Lydia a thousand dollars so she could buy herself some better 
       clothes.

            Later, after Mabra left, I went inside. Lydia fairly lept 
       into my arms, trying hard not to cry. I hugged her close, then 
       held her out at arms' length, smiling for her. "You did great, 
       darling."
            "Thanks," she said, smiling back a little uncertainly.
            I stroked her cheek, barely touching the fur. "I'm sorry he 
       hit you."
            "It's okay. I've taken worse. Besides, you're paying me 
       enough," she grinned.
            She'd been very businesslike when it came to discussing 
       terms. We couldn't really force her to help-- we didn't have any 
       serious criminal charges to press, and we needed her voluntary 
       cooperation. And besides, I was beginning to like her a lot, and I 
       wouldn't have gone along with an attempt to coerce her the way I'd 
       been coerced.
            Eventually we settled on a pretty high price-- she knew we 
       needed her, and once I let her know how much the Bureau would pay, 
       she was able to negotiate pretty effectively.
            "Well, I don't think it'll happen again. He thinks you're 
       going to help him."
            "Oh, I am. I'm going to help him right out of the country." 
       She grinned wider, showing teeth.
            I moved my hands to her sides, squeezing gently. "And now, I 
       think I'm going to help you out of these clothes."
            "That's exactly what I was going to suggest."
            Just then, I heard another voice. "Might I suggest that you 
       two turn off those microphones?"
            I spun around, then realized it was Robbins, who'd been 
       listening in from the car outside. "Okay, wise guy, go home."
            We laughed, and undressed each other, turning off the mikes 
       and carefully removing the hardware, using rubbing alcohol to 
       dissolve the adhesive.
            We spent the rest of the afternoon making love. Eventually we 
       got hungry, and after a quick shower I went out to get us 
       something to eat.
            When I got back, the door I'd left locked was unlocked. I set 
       the bag of Chinese food down beside the door, drew my weapon, and 
       slipped inside quietly. No good.
            "Drop the piece, fool," said Mabra. I couldn't see him. The 
       drapes were drawn, and the room was dark. I set the weapon down on 
       the floor, and raised my hands.
            "Smart move," he said. "Go on," he added, and I didn't know 
       what he was talking about until Lydia came running towards me out 
       of the kitchen. I grabbed her, holding her behind me.
            "What's going on?"
            "Tell him, girl."
            Lydia looked very nervous, but not particularly afraid. 
       "Doug, honey, this is Darra Mabra, you remember."
            "Hey, isn't he the one you..."
            "Yes, that was his passport you fixed for me."
            "How did he..."
            "I ran into him at the mall this morning. I didn't want to 
       tell you."
            "What does he want?"
            "He just wants me to give him advice, you know? About my 
       family? He gave me a thousand bucks, honey!"
            "No shit?" I looked over at Mabra, as he stepped out of the 
       kitchen, hands empty. "Well, hey, sorry about the gun, man can't 
       be too careful around here."
            Again the phony smile. "No problem, Doug." He walked up to 
       me, and stuck a hand out. "No hard feelings."
            I put on a phony smile of my own. I'm sure he wasn't fooled, 
       but as long as he thought I was just greedy I knew he wouldn't 
       care. "That thousand is just a down payment, right?"
            "Oh, of course," he replied, casually.
            "Cool."
            Lydia looked back and forth between us, then said, "Doug, 
       honey, would you mind leaving us alone for a while? So we can 
       talk?"
            I didn't have to fake my suspicion. "Just talk?"
            "Shit, Doug, I don't want to mess with her," Mabra said.
            "Doug, did you bring back some food or something?"
            "Yeah, it's outside," I said. "I spent fifteen bucks on it, 
       you want me to just leave it with you two?"
            Mabra laughed, and pulled a couple bills from his pocket. 
       "Go buy yourself whatever you want."
            I looked. They were hundreds. I made myself look happy. "Hey, 
       thanks, that's real straight!" I picked up my gun, dismissing them 
       both and heading out the door. It looked like I cared more about 
       the two hundred bucks than whatever he wanted to do with my lady. 
       I really wanted to blow him away, but that wasn't in the plan.
            I headed over to another safe house about a block away, and 
       made sure the room mikes in Lydia's apartment were working. Mabra 
       was pumping her for information, trying to learn everything she 
       knew about her family's drug trade. She'd studied the information 
       we gave her thoroughly, and the answers came easily.
            I decided he really didn't like dogs, because he didn't try 
       to put a move on her. He left after about an hour, making her 
       promise to call her brother the next day, to find out when the 
       next shipment was due.
            I waited until we were sure he'd left the area, then went 
       back. She was apologetic. "Sorry, Doug, he wouldn't let me turn on 
       the porch light like we'd planned."
            "I was really worried for a moment there, but it was okay."
            "But he could have killed you!"
            "Nah," I said, trying to sound much more confident than I 
       felt. "You told him I was coming back, right? It's always surprise 
       which makes these people do the wrong thing."
            "Well..." she looked doubtful. "Did you get something to 
       eat?"
            I leered back at her. "Not what I wanted."
            "You letch," she grinned, as I led her back into the bedroom.

            He got back in touch with her the next night. He wasn't 
       surprised to learn that Tony the Dee, Lydia's supposed brother, 
       was expecting another drug shipment from Miami in two days. They 
       brought in drugs once, sometimes twice a week, so there was never 
       long to wait.
            She tried to ask him what he planned to do, but he got surly, 
       telling her to mind her own business. It didn't really matter. All 
       she told him was that the drugs were arriving in a late-model 
       white Lincoln Town Car, which should pull into the parking lot of 
       the "La Roma" restaurant at noon. Whatever he was going to do, 
       he'd have to do it then, and we'd make sure that the event was 
       attended by a large contingent of District cops.
            There wasn't much to do except wait. He called a couple more 
       times, making sure there were no changes in the schedule, but 
       apart from that Lydia and I had a lot of free time. Naturally, we 
       were very busy. I found myself responding to her as I hadn't 
       responded to any woman in years. She had some kind of trick which 
       nearly made me pass out several times. Eventually I asked her what 
       the secret was.
            "Promise you won't be mad at me?"
            "Huh? Of course not."
            "I used to be a prostitute."
            I paused for a moment. "Yes, I knew that. I saw your folder, 
       remember? I was just wondering what you were doing, 'cause it 
       really feels great."
            "You knew? You didn't care?"
            "Of course not, love. Why should I?"
            "I... I don't know." She hugged me suddenly, tightly, 
       obviously happy. "A girl could really get used to a guy like you."
            "I'll never get used to you, Lydia."
            "You goof," she exclaimed, punching me lightly. "Can't you 
       call me Rosa in bed, at least?"
            "Sorry," I said, laughing. "Force of habit." Suddenly it 
       didn't seem funny anymore. "I love you, Rosa Marie Serrentino."
            We looked deep into each others' eyes. "I love you, Theodore 
       Charles Dafoe."
            We kissed, and she took me into her again, and as we made 
       love, I thought of a question I had to ask her, soon.

                                  ...

            We expected him to call her again on the morning of the 
       delivery. We didn't expect him to show up at her apartment. The 
       doorbell rang at about 10am, as we were finishing up breakfast. 
       We'd already tipped off the District police, and we were just 
       waiting around. I hadn't intended for either one of us to be 
       anywhere near the restaurant, but Mabra obviously had other ideas. 
       I opened the door and got a .357 pressed up under my chin.
            "The bitch is coming with me."
            I held my hands up. "Okay, sure, no problem." Why didn't the 
       surveillance team see him leave? They would have called.
            Lydia looked really terrified, and rushed to comply. "Don't 
       hurt him, Darra, I'll go."
            "Damn right you will."
            He stuck the revolver into a coat pocket and followed her out 
       the door. I hit a concealed panic button, turning on the room bug, 
       and shouted. "He's got Lydia. I don't know where he's taking her. 
       Follow him!"
            A couple of our agents did manage to get on his tail before 
       he left the area, and I followed as quickly as I could. He took 
       her to a motel next door to the restaurant, and that was the last 
       we saw of them until just before noon.
            We had a number of hiding places prepared nearby, and we 
       waited nervously. I remember my watch seemed to be counting the 
       minutes much more slowly than normal. Eventually a lookout up the 
       street got on the radio.
            "White Lincoln, coming in."
            As it pulled into the parking lot, Mabra and four tough-
       looking young men, apparently countrymen of his, emerged from the 
       motel, along with Lydia. At the same time, I recognized Tony 
       DiTomazzio and one of his men walking casually out of the 
       restaurant.
            Mabra pushed Lydia forward roughly, and she ran towards 
       DiTomazzio, waving. "Hi, Tony! I thought I'd come down and see 
       you!"
            Tony, of course, had never seen Lydia before in his life, and 
       was only momentarily distracted. It was enough. Mabra's men pulled 
       sawed-off shotguns just as the driver got out of the Lincoln, and 
       quickly took control of the situation.
            Lydia started edging away. Mabra looked at her, and shouted 
       "Hold it, bitch." She dove behind a parked car just as I hit the 
       "go" button on my radio, and leapt from the van I was sitting in. 
       At that moment, in response to the signal, 24 of the capital's 
       finest stepped out of concealment all around the parking lot. The 
       combined sound of rounds being chambered and safeties being 
       clicked off was enough.
            Mabra knew he had diplomatic immunity. He didn't want a 
       shootout. His men wouldn't act without orders, and of course Tony 
       and his men were used to being busted. Consequently, everything 
       went very smoothly from there.

            There were still a couple surprises left, but they didn't 
       show up until the arraignment the next day. The driver of the 
       Lincoln was one of our men, and he testified that he'd been 
       planning to deliver the drugs to Mabra, surprise! Tony was only 
       too happy to tell the judge that he didn't know nuthin' about no 
       drugs, despite the District police who testified that they'd been 
       planning to bust him, not Mabra.
            The State Department sent a representative, and they PNG'd 
       Mabra and his men then and there, proclaiming them Persona Non 
       Grata within the United States. With Mabra on his way back to his 
       embassy, shortly to be escorted to the airport, the case against 
       the driver and Tony was dropped.
            Lydia didn't appear at the hearing, but we were both in the 
       building, watching on the closed-circuit TV system. I saw Tony 
       walk out, his arm around the driver, praising him extravagently 
       for his quick thinking, and I knew that Tony the Dee's turn was 
       coming soon.
            I led Lydia out into the bright morning sunshine, reminding 
       me of the day we met, and reminding me of that question. I 
       motioned to her to sit on one of the concrete benches outside the 
       courthouse, and knelt before her.
            "Rosa Marie Serrentino, will you marry me?"
            Her eyes sparkled... tears? "Yes, Theodore. Oh, yes!"
            She pulled me up, standing herself, and we kissed.
            I felt a feather-light touch at my hip, and as I pulled back, 
       she started riffling through my wallet.
            "Hey, what are you doing?" I asked, laughing.
            "Just making sure you have enough money for the license. 
       We're already at the courthouse. Why wait?"
            Smiling, I let her drag me back inside. I just _love_ strong 
       women.



Captured From:
WONDER WORLD BBS (513)-787-3777
24 Hours - 7 Days

