 
   THE MOST TICKLISH GIRL ON CAMPUS:  LYNN'S STORY, PART 3


     The afternoon-long tickle session from Carlene and Lisa
was over; I was exhausted, but victorious!  Carlene and Lisa
looked at me, their mouths wide open with amazement and
wonder.   "My God, Lynn!" Lisa exclaimed, "You never even
came CLOSE to begging us to stop!  Is there any way to make
you beg people NOT to tickle you?"

     It was a challenge I couldn't resist; not even I
expected to endure all that tickling on my feet!  The three
of us decided to discuss the idea.  However, there was the
matter of getting a badly need bubble bath and massage; all
those hours of tickling and fighting the restraints were
tougher than any aerobics class I had ever been in!  Again,
Lisa and Carlene didn't let me down; the drew a bath for me,
with the best bath salts & body moisturizers.  Then they
proceeded to treat me to a full body massage.  I must admit,
I really enjoyed their attention to me, and found them very
attractive!  Well, we never got around to any discussions;
the 3 of us all fell asleep in each other's arms around 7:30
in the evening.

     We awoke after 12 solid hours of sleep, and bounced
around various ideas on what to do with me.  Carlene asked
me, "Say, are you ticklish anywhere else?"  I gave it some
thought; outside of the foot tickling games with my sister
when I was younger, I couldn't remember ever being tickled
anywhere but the soles of my feet!  When I mentioned this,
Lisa and Carlene's eye's widened with evil delight!  "Lynn,"
Lisa commanded, "stand up, and raise your arms in the air!"
I did as Lisa commanded.  "Now," Lisa continued, "Keep them
up as long possible!"

     I then felt a pair of long fingernails glide up and down
my rib cage-once.  There was no second time; I shreiked and
grabbed my sides!  The two Amazons then threw me on the bed,
and went to work on my ribs, underarms, stomach and breasts;
I was actually screaming for mercy after about 30 seconds!
"I think we hit the jackpot!" Carlene exclaimed, "However,
there is more exploration to be done!"

     Carlene then spread my legs apart, binding my ankles to
the posts of my bed board.  She began to tickle the insides
and tops of my thighs by scraping them with her long finger-
nails.  Lisa then went to work on the area just above my
knees, working her thumbs and forefingers into the affected
areas.  I was insane with laughter!   Before long, I found
out that the backs of my legs were unbelievably ticklish!
Lisa tied my arms to the headboard &, starting with wrist
area just below my palms, began to use her finger-nails up
and down my arms; I shivered and shaked in agony and ecstasy!

     However, here was the topper:  Lisa started to tickle my
palms and Carlene began to tickle me behind my ears with a
pair of make up brushes.  On both counts, I shreiked like a
crazy woman!  The entire exploration process lasted one hour,
but I was excited; I couldn't handle all this tickling, but I
wanted it to HAPPEN!

     We then came up with a vicious plan to break me.  Labor
Day weekend was the next weekend.  Lisa and Carlene would
make me their "prisoner" from that moment until Labor Day was
finished at midnight.  For the rest of the week, with the
exception of attending classes, I would spend the week at
their dorm room.  The would provide me with my change of
clothes and other needs.  However, they would spend the whole
week softening me up!  This meant nightly massages with lots
of moisturizing lotion, to soften my skin up even more than
ever.  Second, it meant NO GUYS for an entire week; I was to
turn down all date invitations.  Even worse, they would make
me watch their large collection of Playgirl videos to make me
horny beyond belief!   In essence, I was confined to being in
the company of Carlene and Lisa!

     The week leading up to my ultimate tickle torment was
long and miserable.  It seemed like every good looking guy on
campus spent their every available moment flirting with me
and trying to turn me on.  Guys would "accidentally" brush up
against me on the stairs; that was the worst!  And, even
worse, I turned down 3 invitations for dates.  I was losing
my mind!  Carlene and Lisa kept me in sexual agony all week,
forcing me to watch their Playgirl videos, and taunting me,
letting me know what I was missing.  The nightly massages and
bubble baths from Carlene and Lisa were even worse, because
it made me yearn for the touch of a man even more.

     By Sunday, the day before Labor Day, every nerve ending
in my body was on edge; I was a sexual timebomb about to
explode!  That evening, Carlene and Lisa laid out their
plans.  "You see, Lynn," Lisa explained, "Jerry Lewis has his
telethon every Labor Day.  Well, we're going to have a Labor
Day Tickle-a-thon, with you has the hostess!"  Carlene chimed
in that, "the Tickle-a-thon will start at 10:30 this evening,
and will continue for the duration of the Jerry Lewis
Telethon!  You will be tickled until Jerry packs it in!"

     I looked at them in horror; I was scared to death! "My
God," I said, "the telethon lasts until 5:00 the next
afternoon!  I'll be tickled for 18.5 hours!  I'll never
last!"  Lisa only retorted, "Oh, yes you will, my sweet!  If
you pass out, we'll revive you with smelling salts!  There
will be no mercy!"

     10:OO PM came, and I was led to the basement at the
dorm.  I went in and was ordered to dress up in a very skimpy
bikini; I complied.  I was then introduced to my "prison":
a large modified with immovable foot rests.  The back rest
was designed to go just up to the area just below my neck.
Sticking out at the sides of the back rest was a long board
with velcro cuffs on each end.  The back rest was just wide
enough to support my back, but thin enough to expose my
sides.   A Halo brace for my head was attached to the back
rest.  The sight of this chair made me break into a cold
sweat; however, I couldn't chicken out!

     Carlene and Lisa strapped me into the chair.  My ankles
were bound in the velcro cuffs on the foot rest so that my
legs were spread apart as well, exposing my legs and thigs.
My arms were spread out on the board on the back rest.  They
even immobilized my fingers with brackets nailed into the
board, so that they could tickle my palms with me wiggling my
fingers.  To top this all off, the halo brace was put on my
forehead to keep my head from moving when my ears were
tickled!

     I was set up for my agony in 15 minutes, and Lisa
announced that she had some assistants, because "you have so
many tickle spots, two people can't do the job!"  I met their
11 assistants:  Holly was in charge of my ears; Alicia and
Bambi were assigned to my arms; Delana and Eve would tickle
my palms; Felicia would work on my ribs, while Gabrielle
would titillate my breasts; Iris and Janice were responsible
for the insides of my thighs; Kelly and Maryanne were to
torment me above my knees and behind my kneecaps; and,
finally, Carlene and Lisa would put their nails to work on
the soles of my feet.

     Suddenly, I heard a sound from the TV:  Ed McMahon
announced, "Ladies and gentleman, Jerry Lewis!"

     That would be the last sound I would hear, other than my
own voice, for the next several hours.  My feet felt the same
familiar light scraping sensations; my knees began to feel
the onslaught of fingertips jabbing into those special nerve
endings; Kelly and Maryanne began to slowly stroke the inside
of my thighs; Felicia and Gabrielle inundated my ribs and
breasts with sensory overload; Alicia and Bambi fingertips
were gliding effortlessly up and down my arms; Delana and Eve
began to draw circles on my palms with their fingernails; and
Holly went to work on my ears, simply running a forefinger
around in circles around my ears.

     The sensations were unlike anything I had ever felt
before!  I held my breath and bit my lips to keep from
laughing; if I could just keep it in.......sensations....oh,
God, can't hold it in.....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  I
was helpless, at the mercy of 13 bikini clad women.  Laughter
and shreiks poured from my lips; the sound of forced laughter
filled the room.  "OH NOOOOOOOOO, IT T-T-T-TICKLES TOOOO
MUCHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!   AUGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!

     The first hour was hell, and it would only get worse.
My torturers remained silent, as I kept laughing hysterical-
ly.   The longer the tickling went on, the more acutely
sensitive my body became, making me laugh even harder.  I
laughing harder and harder and harder, as hour 3 came up.  By
then, I was in tears-I felt like I had inhaled an entire tank
of laughing gas and my entire body felt like it had been
rolled in poison ivy leaves.   I was in agony/ecstasy; it was
agony, because I was being stimulated beyond imagination with
no relief in sight, and it was ecstasy because the tickling
sensations on my sensitive body simply felt wonderful!   The
fourth hour came and went, and my "record" of prolonged
laughter when my feet were tickled was being demolished!  At
this point, I was in the height of enjoyment!  The touches of
these beautiful women felt wonderful; they made it a point to
brush their bodies up against mine, heightening my arousal.
Tears rolled down my cheeks; right then, my shreiks of
laughter were yowls of pleasure.  Maybe, just maybe, I could
get used to this, and last the entire 18.5 hours!

     5 hours...6 hours....and now the full torture of the
tickling would begin to get to me, as the morning came.  By
now, I was laughing harder than I had ever laughed in my
life!  I had much practice with strenuous workouts before; I
was on the swim team in high school, and did aerobic 4 times
per week and was in great shape.  However, the ticklishness
in my body was beginning to wear me down.  My body was now so
acutely sensitive to tickling that I my laughs were coming
from deep down in my stomach; my sides felt like someone was
filling them with air and that they would burst like a
balloon!  As the clock tolled 6:00 AM, I couldn't handle
any more torment-"OK, OK, I G-G-HAHAHAHAAHHHHHHH-GIVE!!!!
STOP THE TICKLING!  Y-YOU ALL WIN!  I'LL D-DO ANYTHING!"

     My tormentors ignored me.  After what seemed like hours,
things started to go black.....suddenly, the powerful smell
of ammonia awakened my, courtesy of smelling salts placed
directly under my nose to keep me from passing out.  I heard
the clock chime 8 times:  8 AM!  The smelling salts did it; I
strengthened my resolve-I was in agony!  My arms ached from
being restrained, and my sides ached from laughter.  However,
I screamed into the deathly silence of my torturers, "KEEP IT
UP-HAHAH-M-MORE!!!!!!!!"  Carlene spoke for the firs time.
"You see, Lynn," she explained, "you are only at the first
of FOUR stages of the breaking point.  You are at the
physical breaking point-the ache from the bondage, the pains
from the workout your lungs are getting."

     "Oh God" I thought, "what will happen at the 2nd and 3rd
stages?"  I could only wait and laugh and laugh and laugh....

     I was still suffering-each time I thought I'd pass out,
the smelling salts were placed under my nose.  Soon, my
attention turned from my exploding lungs and to the
sensations I was subjected to.  All this stimulation; I
tickled ALL over and could scratch myself, and there was no
relief in sight!  This was like the Chinese Water Torture-the
steady drip, drip, drip on one's forhead would drive them
insane.  In this case, the endless light, teasing touches
were too much.  The clock chimed that it was now 12 noon.
The sensations grew more and more nervewracking; it was so
relentless.  Finally, as the clock struck one, I screamed,
"THE TICKLING-TICKLES TOO MUCH-NO MORRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
PLEASSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEE!  I HAVE TO SCRATCH!!!!!!
STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP!!!!!!!!!"

     "Ah, stage 2!" exclaimed Lisa.  "The mental stage!
We've broken her physically and mentally!  Stage 3 should
come VERY soon!  That will be the worst of all!"

     The tickling went on.  I experienced heaven knows how
many orgasms during this entire tickle-a-thon.  However, the
time between orgasm was growing shorter and shorter and
shorter.  By the time 3:00 rolled around, my body was
experienced one orgasm after another!  It was wonderful...and
pure hell.  I needed a man.  I tried to just concentrate on
laughing, but the area between my legs wouldn't let up.
Finally, I couldn't take anymore......

     "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA AUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH
AAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!   I-I AM SOOOOOO HORNY-LET ME GO, GET ME A
GUY!!!!!!!!!!  NO MORE PLEASE!"  Carlene noted that I "was at
the sexual breaking point-you are so horny, you are desperate
for satisfaction!  It is now 4 PM-one more hour and you will
be free.  However, stage 4 will be the final breaking point,
and that will come VERY soon!"

     That remark from Carlene did it.  Suddenly, the full
impact of the tickling hit me:  the endless stimulation on my
skin drove me mad; the endless sexual arousal pushed my
sexual tension to heights I had never known to exist; and the
endless laughter had me in more pain than I had ever known.
All I could do was cry between my giggles.  At 4:30, I had
it.  It had to stop.  "OH GOD, PLEEEASE STOP!!!!  I'LL DIE!
CAN'T BREATH; LOSING MY MIND; I NEEEED A GUY!!!!!"

     "Stage 4!  We did it!" announced Lisa "Now, keep it up
until 5!"   "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" I
screamed.  It wasn't to be.....

     The next 30 minutes were the longest of my life-I was
screaming for the torture to end....finally, an alarm rang.
The tickling stopped..........

     Carlene ushered everyone from out of the room, and let
me out of the chair.  I collapsed in her arms.  She
whispered, "Lynn, you've won...now for your prize....."  She
placed me on a bed and opened the door.  In walked one of the
guys who I was forced to say no to......

     The next thing I remember was absolutely tearing off his
pants!  I had been kept in a state of sexual arousal for 18.5
hours; I was going to be satisfied if it took another 18.5
hours!