                       THE BRAILLE MONITOR

                           July, 1994

                     Barbara Pierce, Editor


     Published in inkprint, Braille, on talking-book disc, 
                        and cassette by 


              THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF THE BLIND 
                     MARC MAURER, PRESIDENT 
 


                         National Office
                       1800 Johnson Street
                   Baltimore, Maryland 21230 

                             * * * *



           Letters to the President, address changes,
        subscription requests, orders for NFB literature,
       articles for the Monitor, and letters to the Editor
             should be sent to the National Office. 

                             * * * *
 


Monitor subscriptions cost the Federation about twenty-five 
dollars per year. Members are invited, and non-members are
requested, to cover the subscription cost. Donations should be
made payable to National Federation of the Blind and sent to: 
 

                National Federation of the Blind
                       1800 Johnson Street
                   Baltimore, Maryland 21230 

                             * * * *

THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF THE BLIND IS NOT AN ORGANIZATION
SPEAKING FOR THE BLIND--IT IS THE BLIND SPEAKING FOR THEMSELVES



ISSN 0006-8829THE BRAILLE MONITOR
A PUBLICATION OF THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF THE BLIND

CONTENTS
                                                  JULY, 1994

A VISIT TO LOUIS BRAILLE'S BIRTHPLACE
by Kenneth Jernigan

FACTS ABOUT LOUIS BRAILLE'S BIRTHPLACE

BRAILLE MADE THE DIFFERENCE

CONCERNED PARENTS AND KIDS TESTIFY IN FAVOR OF BRAILLE

BLIND VENDORS CALL FOR CHANGE
by James Gashel

ADVICE TO BLIND STUDENT TEACHERS FROM A PROFESSOR OF EDUCATION
by Homer Page

MORE TALK ABOUT THE GUI

TROUBLE AGAIN WITH CRUISE LINES
by Sheila Hall-Ritchhart

BEING BLIND IS NOT THE END OF THE WORLD
by Stephen Laughrey

THE BIRTHDAY PARTY
by Lauren L. Eckery

REFLECTIONS OF AN ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
by Michael Gosse

EDUCATION WITH VISION
by Annie Capestany

HELPING SOCIETY SEE
by Kathy Berry

RECIPES

MONITOR MINIATURES


        Copyright  1994 National Federation of the Blind
[LEAD PHOTO: Dr. Jernigan and Franáois Bentz shake hands as Dr.
Jernigan hands check to Mr. Bentz. David Blyth stands on Dr.
Jernigan's left; the Louis Braille home is in the background.
CAPTION: On Wednesday, May 18, 1994, Dr. and Mrs. Jernigan
visited Louis Braille's birthplace in Coupvray, France. Shown
here, Dr. Jernigan presents a check for $10,000 to Mr. Franáois
Bentz, the Mayor of Coupvray, while David Blyth, President of the
World Blind Union, participates in the ceremony.]

[PHOTO #1: Dr. Jernigan stands next to a monument which is topped by a bust of
Louis Braille. Dr. Jernigan's hand on a carving of Louis Braille (as a boy)
and his father which is on the front of the statue. CAPTION: Kenneth Jernigan
examines the statue of Louis Braille on the outskirts of Coupvray, France.]
[PHOTO #2: Dr. Jernigan and Marcel Herb stand talking to each other, next to
Louis Braille's home. CAPTION: Marcel Herb, President of the French Federation
of the Blind, talks with Kenneth Jernigan during a visit to the Louis Braille
home, May 17, 1994.]
[PHOTO #3: Dr. Jernigan shakes hands with the architect, with the Louis
Braille home in the background. CAPTION: Kenneth Jernigan shakes hands with
the architect who is drawing the plans and supervising the renovation at the
Louis Braille home.]
[PHOTO #4: Dr. Jernigan stands inside the Louis Braille home, next to a
painting and a bust of Louis Braille. CAPTION: Inside the room adjoining the
saddle shop at the Louis Braille home. A picture of Louis Braille hangs on the
wall and directly underneath is a bust of Louis Braille.]
[PHOTO #5: Dr Jernigan stands in the stairway. CAPTION: The stairway at Louis
Braille's home.]
[PHOTO #6: Dr. Jernigan stands with his hand on a wooden plaque with metal
studs which spell out "Louis Braille" in print and Braille. CAPTION: A print
and Braille plaque inside the Louis Braille home.]
[PHOTO #7: Dr. Jernigan stands next to a wooden workbench with his hands on
wooden tools. A shadow box display of various tools used in the saddle maker's
trade hangs in the background. CAPTION: Kenneth Jernigan examines the hinged
boards used in the saddle maker's trade to hold the leather while it is being
sewed and worked. The leather is placed between the boards, and the ends of
the boards are gripped between the saddle maker's knees to apply pressure and
keep the leather in place.]
[PHOTO #8: Dr. Jernigan sits at the saddle maker's bench and Franáois Bentz
hands him a small sharp tool. The museum curator looks on over Dr. Jernigan's
shoulder. CAPTION: Franáois Bentz, the Mayor of Coupvray, hands Kenneth
Jernigan a tool of the type that blinded Louis Braille.]
[PHOTO/CAPTION #9: Standing in the doorway of the Louis Braille home: from
left to right, Rodolfo Cattani of Italy, Vice President of the WBU; David
Blyth of Australia, President of the WBU; Pedro Zurita of Spain, Secretary
General of the World Blind Union; and Kenneth Jernigan.]
[PHOTO/CAPTION #10: Boats on the Seine River]

              A VISIT TO LOUIS BRAILLE'S BIRTHPLACE
                       by Kenneth Jernigan

     The French have a well-known proverb: The more things
change, the more they stay the same. I thought of that proverb on
Tuesday, May 17, 1994, when I went to the birthplace of Louis
Braille (1809-1852) in Coupvray, France, and read the guide book
provided to visitors. It says on page nine:

     "At the age of thirteen Louis Braille began his research
with a view to designing an alphabet based on a cell of six
raised dots. The system was enthusiastically acclaimed by the
pupils but was rejected by the teachers (1826). Being sighted
themselves, they refused to countenance a form of writing which
they could not read."

     In reading that passage I was, of course, mindful of the
fact that not all teachers are chauvinistic nor all students
enthusiastic, but the parallel between the 1820's in France and
the 1990's in the United States is remarkable and noteworthy. The
road to Braille literacy for the blind has been long and, in more
than one sense, bumpy--and the end is not yet discernible. If we
do our work well, it can probably be reached some time early in
the next century.
     My trip to Coupvray was part of the effort which the
National Federation of the Blind is making to try to help repair
and restore the Louis Braille birthplace and museum. Mrs.
Jernigan and I left Dulles Airport Sunday evening, May 15, and
arrived in Paris the next morning. That afternoon we met with
Marcel Herb, President of the French Federation of the Blind;
Rodolfo Cattani of Italy, Vice President of the World Blind
Union; and Franáois Bentz, the mayor of Coupvray. Mr. Bentz is a
no-nonsense fellow, who attended college in the United States and
speaks fluent English. I believe he operates a factory for the
making of blue jeans and engages in other enterprises. He made it
clear that he wants the Louis Braille birthplace thoroughly
restored and that he is prepared to take a leading part in
getting it done.
     Earlier this year at the meeting of the World Blind Union
Executive Committee in Melbourne, Australia, we were told that
architectural studies had been made and that approximately
$110,000 would be needed to do a thorough job of repairing and
renovating the Louis Braille home. As Monitor readers know, I
pledged on behalf of the National Federation of the Blind to try
to raise half of the needed money. When I returned to the United
States, the Board of the NFB agreed to undertake the project. 
     At the May 16 meeting Mr. Bentz said that the actual
estimates would be closer to $170,000 than $110,000 but that his
plan might not require more than $26,000 from us. Here is how he
outlined it: $26,000 from the Town of Coupvray; another $26,000
from Coupvray, which it would receive back as a tax refund;
$26,000 from us; $70,000 from a French governmental authority;
and the remaining $22,000 from another governmental authority. He
said that appropriate applications were underway and that he felt
that the work of repair and renovation should not begin until a
response had been received from the governmental authorities. "If
we start the work before getting a commitment from them," he
said, "they will think we don't need the government money, and
there will be no chance of getting it."
     When I told him that the National Federation of the Blind
was prepared to make an immediate contribution of $10,000 to show
that we were serious and meant business, he was delighted and
responded with a proposal that underscores his good judgment and
understanding of politics and public relations. He suggested that
officials of the World Blind Union, leaders of the French
Federation of the Blind, and I go to the Louis Braille birthplace
on Wednesday afternoon, where the $10,000 check would be
presented in a public ceremony. Pictures would be taken;
journalists would be present; and an article would be written
saying that if the blind of America could give money to restore
Braille's birthplace (and not only give the money but come all
the way to France to bring it), surely the French government
could be forthcoming. This is exactly what we did, but there were
intervening activities and meetings.
     On Tuesday, May 17, the leaders of the French Federation,
Dr. Cattani, Mrs. Jernigan, and I drove to Coupvray to inspect
Louis Braille's birthplace. I examined the house in great detail,
from the third floor area to the wine barrel in the cellar, and I
talked at length with the architect to see what was planned, and
why. Here is a summary of what I learned:
     Let me begin by saying that I went to Coupvray with a number
of misconceptions. I don't know why, but I had thought the Louis
Braille home was made of wood and that it was probably about to
fall down. It isn't. It is made of stone. The first floor of one
part of the house (the workshop and the entry room adjoining it)
is made of concrete. The second and third floors are wood. The
interior walls are stone with no paneling on them.
     The house, which was built sometime in the latter part of
the 1700's, is basically in sound condition. However, certain
things need to be done. The roof is made of clay tiles. Some of
these have deteriorated, and others are missing. Water is coming
through. Where necessary, the roof must be re-tiled. There is
leakage around the base of the chimney, which must be repaired.
Below ground, the walls and foundation must have a layer of
waterproofing material; and above ground, plastering and repair
must be done as required. Original exterior shutters have been
replaced by more modern ones. There is nothing wrong with these
modern shutters, but a return to the original style will be made.
     Inside the house the walls must be thoroughly dried,
scraped, and painted, and the doors and windows must also be
painted and refurbished. Originally the structure was two houses
with a common interior wall. As I understand it, the two houses
had, by the time of Louis Braille, become one by means of a door
cut through the common wall at the third-floor stair landing.
This creates a hazardous situation since the step through the
wall does not open directly onto a level area but another
stairway, one that is steep and narrow. It would be easy to lose
your balance and go tumbling. In fact, I had to reach around the
corner to find footing as I stepped through the doorway. This
situation must be remedied with a slight alteration and the
addition of a step.
     As to other inside repairs, all stairways will be removed,
reinforced, and then reinstalled. There is a fairly good-sized
hole in the floor of one of the rooms at the third floor level,
and there may be other less obvious damage. All floors must be
examined and, where needed, repaired. At the first floor level,
the entry room and adjoining workshop (the one used by Louis
Braille's father, who was a saddle and harness maker) were
originally floored with brick. Later, the bricks were removed and
replaced with concrete. It is planned to remove the concrete and
replace it with brick.
     I was as thorough and careful as I knew how to be, and of
course I was moved by the spirit of the place. I sat in a chair
with a leather strap seat by the workbench in the saddle shop and
felt the worn surface. I looked at the tools of the saddle
maker's trade and held in my hands an awl (or curved narrow
blade) of the type that blinded Louis Braille in that very room
at that very bench. I reached into the stone oven in the kitchen,
which is part of the living room. I touched the table and chairs-
-not, I suppose, the originals but certainly of the type and
period of the originals. I went to the cellar and looked at the
accoutrements of wine making--particularly, the huge barrel and
old wine bottles.
     As I went through the house and communed with the essence of
the place, I thought of Louis Braille's letters to his family
when he was living in Paris:

     "Paris, 10th September, 1847

     Dear Mother,

          I do so long to see you. Staying in the big town
     bores me and I shall be happy to breathe the air of our
     countryside and to wander with you through the
     vineyards. . . ."

     "Paris, 15th November, 1848

     Dear Mother,

          I was happy to note that the weather was fine for
     the grape harvest, as fine as one could wish for, but
     today the sun is very pale. The cold season has begun
     and we have to stay indoors. As for me, I do not go out
     and while the Parisians were receiving snow on their
     heads as they went to the Feast of the Constitution, I
     was content to listen to the cannon from my well-heated
     room. . . ."

     "Paris, 5th October, 1851

     My dear nephew, my dear niece,

          I have just sent off to you by train a small box
     of jujubes. I hope it will keep you safe from the colds
     which the winter season will bring you. . . . I have
     just spent three days in Coupvray and have now returned
     [to Paris], not to leave it again before next summer. .
     . ."

     For Louis Braille there was no next summer since he was to
die three months after he wrote this letter--January 6, 1852.
     The visit to Louis Braille's home and the reading of his
letters caused me to wonder what he thought as he was growing up
and how he felt, but it also caused me to think about my own
childhood and how I felt and thought. It strengthened my
determination to do all I can to preserve and continue the Louis
Braille heritage, for except for him I might still be living as a
virtual prisoner on the farm where I grew up in Tennessee,
hungering to know and longing for freedom. Instead, I escaped to
a broader world of books and achievement, to a life of
opportunity and hope, and to a distant day in France when I stood
at the birthplace of my benefactor and reached across the years
to a common bond. Yes, the home of Louis Braille will survive.
The blind of today will make it happen, and the blind of future
generations will keep the commitment.
     David Blyth of Australia, President of the World Blind
Union; Pedro Zurita of Spain, Secretary General of the World
Blind Union; and Pierre Paul BÇlanger of the Canadian National
Institute for the Blind, who came as a representative of Dr.
Euclid Herie, arrived in Paris late Tuesday afternoon, May 17.
They, along with those of us who had gone to Coupvray the day
before, met on Wednesday morning with officials of the French
government who deal with museums. Mr. Herb had previously been
given assurances that help would be available from the department
responsible for museums, but from the outset of our meeting it
was clear that we would get pleasant speeches and little else.
The officials said that there were only about 31 national museums
in France and that there was no possibility that the Louis
Braille birthplace could be added to the list. They said that
there were two other kinds of museums: those that are run by
local government authorities, and those that are run by
associations. They said that the Louis Braille Museum could fit
into either category but that regardless of category they could
give no help with repair and renovation. As I saw it, they were
saying that they might give help in finding new objects for the
Louis Braille Museum, but not until repairs were made and money
was available for ongoing upkeep--and that they might help with
ongoing upkeep but not until more objects had been collected.
     Mr. Herb was outraged and told them so--and David Blyth, who
is capable of succinct (one might almost say sparse)
communication, said: "There is no point in continuing this
meeting. We should not waste your time or ours." With that and
Mr. Herb's remarks we left. Let me make it clear that this
discussion with the museum officials had nothing to do with the
government assistance that the mayor of Coupvray is seeking, and
thinks he can get. Let me also say at this point that Mr. Herb
publicly and unequivocally pledged that the French Federation of
the Blind would make sizable financial contributions to help with
the work.
     On Wednesday afternoon our expanded company boarded a mini-
bus and headed once more for Coupvray. At the Louis Braille
birthplace we met the mayor, and I presented NFB's check for
$10,000. It was done amid the flashing of cameras and the
scribbling of journalists. I have not seen the article, but I
suspect that Mr. Bentz will guide it to fulsome nature and wide
distribution.
     In any event, when the deed was done, we headed for the town
hall, where the mayor served up champagne and toasts. He is a
suitable leader for his town, which is located about forty miles
southeast of Paris and has been designated a historic district.
The houses and public buildings (even those of more modern
vintage) are of the style and appearance of the early 1800s.
Everywhere there are stone walls, tile roofs, and a flavor of the
past.
     The only thing left to say about the visit to France is that
it was pleasant as well as productive. Mr. and Mrs. Herb and
Madame Yvonne Torres, Mr. Herb's charming and capable assistant,
were excellent hosts. On Tuesday we went for lunch to a
restaurant in the Meaux area, where Meaux mustard and Brie cheese
abound. There were also other enjoyable experiences, but I will
leave it at that.
     On Thursday morning, May 19, Mrs. Jernigan and I headed for
London, where we talked with officials of the Royal National
Institute for the Blind. It is good to go abroad to work on a
constructive project, but it is even better to come home to help
bring the project to completion.
     The task before us is clear cut and doable. As I have said
before, in the Monitor and on Presidential Releases, those who
want to participate in this project should make checks payable to
the National Federation of the Blind and send them to the
National Federation of the Blind, 1800 Johnson Street, Baltimore,
Maryland 21230. Such contributions should not be made by reducing
other contributions which would have been made to the Federation.
Our ongoing work must continue. Contributions may be made by
check or credit card, and there should be an indication that the
money is for the repair of the Louis Braille birthplace.
     The job will require effort. Maybe we will need to raise
only $26,000--maybe the entire $55,000. Maybe more. Whatever sums
are needed, we the blind, along with our sighted friends and
colleagues, will see that Louis Braille's home is fully restored
and given its proper place among the museums of the world and the
historic places of humanity. We can, and we will. Let nobody
doubt it.





                      ____________________

[PHOTO/CAPTION: Louis Braille's birthplace]
[PHOTO: Dr. Jernigan stands beside the wooden workbench with a display of
saddle maker's tools in the background. CAPTION: The workbench and tools in
the saddle shop at Louis Braille's home]

             FACTS ABOUT LOUIS BRAILLE'S BIRTHPLACE

     From Kenneth Jernigan: In the accompanying article I have
told you about my visit to Louis Braille's birthplace in
Coupvray, France. I thought you might like to have additional
information, so here are excerpts from the guidebook given to
visitors:

     It is obviously impossible to do justice to a life as
exceptional as that of Louis Braille in the few pages of a
booklet; the many souvenirs and testimonials contained in his
home could in themselves provide the material for more than one
book.
     The purpose of these few lines is to be for some people a
reminder of a visit both moving and enriching--and for those who
are not yet acquainted with Louis Braille and Coupvray, an
encouragement to visit here.

                     THE VILLAGE OF COUPVRAY

     The village of Coupvray is situated on the slopes of a
grassy hill set between the Brie region of France and that of the
Champagne province. In spite of the proximity of the Marne
Valley, it retains even today . . . the character of a rural
village. One may still see the small brown-tiled roofs, the
farmyards, the farmhouses and a village green surrounded by trees
where are clustered together St. Pierre Church (where Louis
Braille was christened on January 8, 1809), the village hall, and
the monument by êtienne Leroux set up in 1887 and topped by a
bust of the inventor of the alphabet for the blind. The body of
Louis Braille rested in the village cemetery till 1952. On his
tomb can be seen a casket in which the remains of his hands are
preserved--those hands which were the first in the world to
finger the raised dots of the Braille alphabet. All around is
still open country. High above is the farm of the chÉteau. Here
and there amid the gardens and orchards, small grassy paths
meander across the hillside. And, on the lower slopes, is an old
wash-house with wooden posts and mossy tiles where the clear
waters of the FrÇminette flow swiftly by, gently murmuring.

                     THE BRAILLE FAMILY HOME

     The Braille family home is in the lower part of Coupvray at
the end of a small street which in the past went by the name of
Knoll Street. . . . It is a large solid house, built in the
latter half of the 18th century and restored at various times
since then. The Braille family also owned several farm buildings
in the yard and on the opposite side of the street. A marble
tablet was affixed in 1952 to the wall of the house facing the
yard. The text, in French and English, reads:

                          In this house
                   on January 4, 1809 was born
                          Louis Braille
                       inventor of writing
                         in raised dots
                      for use of the blind.
                     He opened the doors of
                       knowledge to those
                         who cannot see.

                         THE LIVING ROOM

     This room is really the heart of the house, both by reason
of the memories it evokes and on account of the very well-
preserved Briard-style architecture. On entering, we find
ourselves in the warm, cozy atmosphere of the homes of
yesteryear. Here in this one living room, Simon-RenÇ Braille, the
saddler, lived with his whole family: his wife Monique and their
four childrenƒƒMonique-Catherine, Louis-Simon, Marie-CÇline, and
their youngest, Louis. It is here that are gathered together all
the essentials of daily living.

Under the mantelpiece:

     ˘ The fireplace with its fireback bearing the arms of
France, dated 1659.
     ˘ The bread oven built of small tiles. Its arch fits under
the winding staircase. It used to be heated by burning dry vine
shoots. Then after the embers had been pushed back, pies and
loaves were placed in the oven.
     ˘ The cheese recess. The warmth of the oven enabled the
successful processing of the renowned Brie cheese to be carried
out; this was later further "refined" in the cellar.
     ˘ The door into the loft [or upstairs]. This stands between
the alcove and the bread oven. In the past the term "granary" was
used--where the grain would be stored.
     ˘ The alcove is very typical of the Brie region--oak-framed,
adorned with roundels and ears of corn; the latter are symbols of
the Brie region.

To the left, as you enter:

     ˘ The sink. The Briards used to call it "the washer." It is
a large flat stone, slightly concave, where the wooden pail was
set down. [By means of a hole in the bottom], the water drained
away through the wall straight into the yard.
     ˘ The stove-setter. This consisted of crossed wooden slats
on which frying pans and sauce pans were hung. A recess above the
sink provided storage space for jugs, pots, and other utensils.

     Also of note in this room are: the oak beams on the ceiling;
the doors of the 18th-century wardrobe; the "maie" or bread bin,
in which the loaves were stored; the warming pan used to warm the
bed; the oak table; the gun; the lantern; the cross; and, above
the door leading to the [upstairs], the portrait of Louis
Braille--the only photograph of the celebrated inventor.

           THE WORKSHOP OF SIMON-RENê BRAILLE, SADDLER

     For over a century the Braille family carried on the craft
of saddler from father to son. Louis Braille's grandfather, Simon
Braille, had settled in Coupvray early in the 18th century. He
had taken over his father-in-law's business which was already
established in the village in the 17th century.
     Some of the equipment and furniture used by the Brailles in
their craft may be seen in this workshop:

     ˘ The wooden workbench, much worn from long use; the typical
chair with its seat consisting of crossed leathern thongs.
     ˘ The horse collar block. This enabled the saddler to shape
the collar to fit the horse's neck.
     ˘ The sewing clamp, which the saddler gripped tightly
between his knees to hold the leather firm.
     ˘ The branding iron. Heated, the iron was used to brand the
owner's initials on the horse's rump.
     ˘ The saddler's tools: paring knives, awls, tool for
stuffing, moulds, etc.

On the walls of the room:

     ˘ A grape harvester's basket. Simon-RenÇ Braille owned some
vines in Coupvray.
     ˘ The Accident. A painting by AndrÇ Harfort.

     Here we come to the tragedy which cost young Louis Braille
his sight. In 1812, he is a happy little three-year old. He loves
to come and watch his father handle those mysterious tools laid
out on the work bench. Mysterious and attractive. One day, taking
advantage of his parents' absence, he seizes a [tool] and tries
to cut a piece of leather, but his small hands are clumsy. The
leather is tough. Suddenly, the blade slips and penetrates the
child's eye. Nothing can arrest the infection which sets in, and
the other eye becomes infected. At the age of five, Louis Braille
[becomes totally blind].

                   LOUIS BRAILLE'S ACHIEVEMENT

     When we speak of Louis Braille's work, we should not forget
two men who, in one way or another, were his forerunners. The
first is Valentin HaÅy. In the 18th century this philanthropist
had founded a school for the blind and invented an embossed
alphabet for them. If Louis Braille was able to enter a special
school in 1819, it was thanks to the pioneering work of Valentin
HaÅy. The second is Charles Barbier de la Serre, a captain in the
artillery [during the Napoleonic Wars]. He had found a way to
communicate with his brother officers at night by means of a
system of raised dots. The pupils at the . . . Royal Institution
for the Young Blind . . . tried out this "Sonography," which took
no account of spelling and, in addition, was most complicated. At
the age of thirteen Louis Braille began his research with a view
to designing an alphabet based on a cell of six raised dots. This
system was enthusiastically acclaimed by the pupils but was
rejected by the teachers (1826). Being sighted themselves, they
refused to countenance a form of writing which they could not
read. It was not till 1844 that, at the inauguration of some new
buildings in the Boulevard des Invalides, the governors at last
recognized the undeniable value of the system. Since then
Braille, adapted to many of the languages of the world, has
become for the blind a universal written language.
     In the room which is devoted to Louis Braille's work,
various pieces of equipment and documents have been assembled,
showing the birth of raised dot writing, its development and use.

     ˘ Barbier rule (1819)
     ˘ Barbier slate with wooden frame (end of 19th century)
     ˘ Slate with removable frame (end of 19th century)
     ˘ Raphigraph device invented by Braille and Foucault, making
it possible for the shape of normal handwriting to be reproduced
by means of a succession of raised dots. Braille used this method
to write to his family.
     ˘ Braille writer [the Hall writer] manufactured in Chicago
(beginning of 20th century).

     Books written in linear relief following Valentin HaÅy's
method:

     ˘ Elements of Spanish Grammar, for the blind, by M. GuilliÇ
(1819)
     ˘ Manual of Ancient History (1841)

     Several books written in French and other languages, printed
in Braille, books for educational or cultural use, are shown
here. Among other titles, attention is drawn to:

     ˘ The Imitation of Christ, one of the first books published
in raised dots (1849)
     ˘ The Constitution of the United States of Brazil (1946)

     Gifts and Distinctions received by the Louis Braille Museum:

     ˘ Open Book in bronze, gift of Argentina (1948)
     ˘ Commemorative Medal, struck by the Paris Mint to mark the
occasion of the transfer of the remains of Louis Braille to the
PanthÇon (1952)
     ˘ Book of Gold, gift of the town of Chicago (1952)
     ˘ Louis Braille. Sculpture by Raika (1954)
     ˘ Louis Braille. Miniature on ivory by Lucienne Filippi
(1966)

                    LOUIS BRAILLE IN COUPVRAY

     First a pupil and later a teacher at the Royal Institution
for the Young Blind in Paris, Louis Braille always remained
deeply attached to his native village. Letters written in
"raphigraphy," preserved by the family Lecouvey-Braille are proof
of the interest he always took in his family and friends in
Coupvray.
     When, weakened by illness, he was forced to rest for long
periods of time, it is here that he sought the impossible cure.
He had one of the rooms of the family home, facing the street and
with a fireplace, prepared for his own use. In this room where,
close to his family, he lived out some months of respite, some
touching mementoes have been assembled.

     ˘ Arithmetic prize awarded to Louis Braille and bearing the
signature of Pignier, the principal of the Royal Institution.
     ˘ Some dominoes from a set he once possessed.
     ˘ Marie-Thäräse Marniesse, born 1828, daughter of Marie-
CÇline Braille. Painted portrait.
     ˘Silver tumbler bearing the arms of old Paris, initialled
F.G. (Franáois Gronon, Louis Braille's foster sister).
     ˘ Decorated plates from the home of Louis-Simon Braille
(middle of 19th century).
     ˘ Family Group of the Marniesse and Maurice families.
Photograph (end of 19th century).
     ˘ Clock with wooden column casing, Braille family (middle of
19th century).

Documents from the village archives:

     ˘ Document appointing Simon-RenÇ Braille as inspector of
taxes for year 13 [1804-05].
     ˘ Passport (for travel in the interior of the kingdom) in
the name of Monique Baron, wife of [Louis Braille's father].
     ˘ Roll of pupils of the primary school of Coupvray. "10 -
BRAILLE Louis" (November 23, 1818).
     ˘ Transfer of Louis Braille's body to Coupvray. Notice
issued by the Paris PrÇfecture Headquarters (January 9, 1852). .
. . .




         DAILY LIFE IN COUPVRAY IN LOUIS BRAILLE'S TIME

     From this house, a real witness in stone, we are able to
recreate the daily life of a 19th-century village. There is a
strong emotional bond between Louis Braille, his family, and
Coupvray. Ties were forged with inhabitants of the little market
town. Childhood ties: Louis went to the village school; his two
sisters, Monique-Catherine and Marie-CÇline, married two of the
local boysƒƒJean Franáois Caron and Louis-Franáois Marniesse.
Civic ties: RenÇ, the father, was appointed several times to
posts of local authority. Ties due to shared experiences:
together they endured the war, the Russian occupation. Religious
ties: Louis's christening, the various feasts of the Christian
liturgy: Christmas, Easter, the Assumption, and, of course, St.
Peter's (the local patronal festival). The bonds of tradition,
too: the evenings 'round the fireside at the homes of friends and
neighbors.
     In order to bring to life anew these vanished village
activities and old customs, the Louis Braille Museum presents--in
four distinct exhibitions--a variety of objects, documents,
pictures, and articles of furniture, revealing clearly another
way of life.

     The attic (the old granary store):

      Childhood: games, books, clothing.
      Religion: religious articles, books, pictures.
      Marriage: a bridal bouquet, the jewel case.
      Dress: the dress of a young girl of the Brie region, caps,
scarves.
      Furnishings: the dresser, the bread bin.
      Tableware: china, glasses, pots.
      Household goods: irons.
      Pictures: portraits, colored pictures sold by traveling
peddlers.
      History: the monks of Saint-Maur, the Rohan family,
Cardinal Collier, the lectern.

     The loft:

      Agricultural work: field work, harvesting.
      Women's work: laundry, butter making, making straw mats
for Brie cheeses.
      Memorabilia: the trunk, railings of Braille monument,
15th-century door, spiral staircase, the bed warmer.

     The cellar:

      The wood pile: axes, pruning knives, wood-splitting
wedges.
      Cooperage: various tools for manufacturing and marking
barrels.
      The vines: field work, planting, care of the vineyard.
      Grape harvesting, picking grapes: carrying baskets, wine
press tools, casks, taps, old bottles.

              FULL INFORMATION ABOUT THE BIRTHPLACE

     After the death of Louis Braille and his direct heirs, the
house became the property of the Maurice, Marniesse, and Braille
familiesƒƒhis nieces and nephewƒƒwho administered  the property
jointly until 1878. At that time Mr. Toupet bought the house
which overlooked the courtyard and in 1889 the Baudin family
purchased the one facing onto the street. From 1898, the whole
became the property of the Crapart family. The Braille home was
sold on March 29, 1952, to the association "The Friends of Louis
Braille," which was represented by Mr. Pierre Henri Monnet, the
Mayor of Coupvray; it was then fitted up as a museum and opened
to the public. With a view to acquiring for it the status of a
municipal museum under government control, the association
decided to donate all its assets to the Parish, recommending that
the museum should be administered by an international
organization (November 23, 1956). The Deed of Covenant setting
out the agreement between the W.C.W.B. (World Council for the
Welfare of the Blind) and Coupvray was signed on July 27, 1957.
     Since that time the World Council for the Welfare of the
Blind (now the World Blind Union) has proudly devoted itself to
caring for this shrine which the blind of the whole world value
as the birthplace of their benefactor.

                      ____________________



                   BRAILLE MADE THE DIFFERENCE

     From the Editor: Material of all kinds comes across the desk
of the Braille Monitor Editor. But this week I read two articles
within a two-hour period that, taken together, make the case for
Braille more powerfully than anything I have yet seen or written.
The pieces came from totally different sources, but the authors
have a number of things in common. Both are working women--
single, educated, committed to helping other people. Both live in
the Midwest and were educated in regular schools. One, however,
was taught Braille early and with wise insistence that she use it
in her classes and at home. Her parents expected her to read well
and did all the things that good parents do to encourage
effective reading skills in their youngsters. The other was
forced to use print even when it was slow and painful. The cost
academically and personally was immense. Not until she lost the
remainder of her sight as an adult was she able to learn the
Braille that she depends upon today and that could have made all
the difference to her in school.
     Mary Hartle lives in Iowa, though she grew up in Minnesota.
The article reprinted here first appeared in the Spring/Summer
issue of Future Reflections, the publication of the National
Organization of Parents of Blind Children, a division of the
National Federation of the Blind.
     Jana Schroeder lives in Ohio. She was a 1984 NFB scholarship
winner, and she has served as President of the National
Federation of the Blind of the Miami Valley. She submitted her
essay on the value of Braille to a Braille-writing contest
conducted by the NFB of Ohio this past winter. Contest entries
were to be written on this topic using a slate and stylus, and
the winner was to receive a Braille 'n Speak 640. Jana's six-page
essay was done in flawless Braille code and without a single
slate error. It was the winning entry in the adult category.
Viewed together, these two short autobiographies provide a
powerful illustration in support of our contention that Braille
is a vital tool for anyone who can't read print easily but who
wishes to succeed in life. Here is Mary Hartle's article:


            The Value of Learning Braille as a Child
                         by Mary Hartle

     Although visually impaired, I attended regular school in the
1950's and 1960's. I attended a parochial school in Minneapolis
and was the only child with a vision impairment. I was taught to
read print and progressed through the grades along with other
children my age. No effort was ever made to teach me Braille.
But, in retrospect, I wish I had been taught Braille as a small
child.
     Although I could read standard print, I could not read it as
fast as sighted students could. My grades ranged from a few B's
to several C's, and some D's. (My brothers and sisters got A's
and B's.) I was tracked into the lowest-ability group in junior
high, although I was promoted to the middle group halfway through
both the seventh and eighth grades. I could not read as much
material as others could and thus had to spend more time on
homework. I also had to hold books much closer to my face. Due to
prolonged periods of bending over to read books at close range, I
developed posture problems which, to this day, require
chiropractic treatment.
     Learning became difficult and painful rather than joyful and
exciting. As reading and learning became more difficult, I came
to feel less intelligent. I began to feel shame and thus had more
difficulty concentrating on learning. I became more anxious
because of my increased difficulty. This was manifested in my
struggles with arithmetic in fifth grade. I can still recall my
extreme frustration and tears as I attempted to do my homework
with my family's tutorial help.
     As a child I read fewer books than my classmates, especially
novels, although I did read magazines and a few quick-read books.
I also had, and still have, trouble spelling many words because I
was not able to see the letters within words correctly. For
instance, spelling double-consonant words has been particularly
difficult because my eyes did not focus normally when I first
learned to spell these words.
     Since I did not use Braille as a child, I was truly
handicapped in my educational progress, and my self-confidence
was low because I was unable to read fluently at a normal speed.
I was embarrassed about both my slow reading speed and the fact
that I had to look closer in order to read. Had I learned Braille
earlier, I would have been able to read at a speed similar to
that of sighted students.
     As I progressed through high school and college, the reading
requirements became much greater, and the size of the print
became much smaller. In college I avoided classes with heavy
reading demands, such as history and literature.
     Over the past ten years I have lost the rest of my vision,
thus necessitating my learning Braille. I am not unique. Many
legally blind children with a little useful residual vision
become blind adults with little or no ability to read print.
Although I use Braille in my day-to-day life and on the job, I do
not read with the speed I could have, if I had learned Braille in
the primary grades. There is nothing shameful about reading
Braille or using any other non-visual technique. Today's blind
children deserve a better education and a better chance to
succeed in our highly competitive information age than I had. In
fact, the need to read as efficiently as possible is more crucial
today than ever before. Without Braille the chances of these
children's getting through high school, much less going beyond
it, will be minimal.
     When I think of how much Braille would have enhanced my
education even though I could read standard print at the time, I
know how important Braille is for children today who can barely
read standard print or who rely on large print. School does not
have to be torture. I believe visually impaired children should
be given the opportunity to learn Braille if:
     1. they cannot read print at speeds comparable to that of
     their classmates;
     2. they cannot hold reading material at a normal distance
     from their eyes; or,
     3. they cannot read print for long periods.
     Braille is as effective a reading method as print is, and
blind and visually impaired children have the right to become as
literate as their sighted classmates.

     That was Mary Hartle's description of growing up and being
educated without an efficient tool for reading and writing.
Contrast her experience with that of Jana Schroeder:

       Braille is an Essential Part of My Life Because...
                        by Jana Schroeder

     I was born with extremely limited vision to a family with no
prior experience of blindness. It was the early 1960's, and we
lived near Dayton, Ohio. Looking back, I recognize that I was
lucky to have been born in that place and time and into a
sensible, loving family. Without that fortunate combination of
factors, my life might have been very different.
     My family did a lot of reading aloud. From my earliest days
I assumed that I would learn to read when I went to school, just
as my sighted brothers had.
     I began my education in a public school that included a
resource room for blind students. These students were assigned to
a regular classroom where we spent most of our time, but we went
to the resource room for part of the day to learn the skills of
blindness. I understand that Dayton was one of the first cities
in Ohio with a public school program for blind children,
beginning in the 1950's.
     In the first grade, when reading lessons began in earnest, I
was encouraged to read print. Various magnifiers were tried, but
the only thing that worked for me was to put my nose against the
paper and hope the print was big and dark enough. This worked
fine with first grade primers. However, I quickly read all the
big print picture books at the local library. My mom and I soon
discovered that in second- and third-level books the print
quickly diminished in size to the point where I could not
distinguish the letters.
     My mother believed, like most sighted people (at least those
who are not blindness professionals), that blind people read
Braille. So sensibly, she insisted that I be taught Braille.
Fortunately, the resource room teachers agreed. I cannot be
certain that it would be as easy if I were in school today. I
believe that very few blind students in the Dayton area today are
taught Braille.
     I had heard my mom and other adults read quickly and
fluently, and I assumed that I would read like that myself. I was
never told that Braille was slower or harder than reading print.
I simply accepted that I was learning to read with my fingers
while my sighted classmates learned to read with their eyes.
     One of the best things about the school I attended was that
it had a Braille library. Never since then have I had access to a
library where I could browse to my heart's content. I took home a
different book almost every night. My favorites were biographies
and the Little House series by Laura Ingalls Wilder. On the
forty-five minute drive to and from school I would often read
aloud to Mom. She endured a lot of stumbling and mispronunciation
with patience and good humor. From those earliest days I received
a lot of praise from my parents, grandparents, and other people
for my reading and writing ability. I knew that I read as well as
or better than most of my classmates, and this knowledge helped
lay a solid foundation of self-esteem that has served me well in
the years since, when faced with new challenges.
     In the fifth grade a significant challenge came along in the
form of the slate and stylus. By this time I was attending school
in my own district with an itinerant teacher who came to work
with me a couple of times a week. She told me that I needed to
learn to use the slate and stylus because I would soon be going
to junior high and I couldn't lug a heavy, noisy Brailler with me
from class to class.
     I absolutely hated the slate. My e's and i's were inevitably
transposed, and I invariably put the paper in crooked. I pretty
much refused to practice, so my itinerant and classroom teachers
got together and decided that I would be required to take
spelling tests using the slate and stylus. I always did well on
my spelling tests, so I wasn't very happy with this new
development. Gradually, however, I didn't have to reverse each
letter consciously before writing it. My speed picked up, and my
diagonal lines became horizontal. Since then I have written
thousands of pages with the slate and stylus.
     When I was in high school, closed circuit televisions began
to become affordable and popular. It was very exciting to be able
to read things that were only available in print, like the covers
of my record albums. I spent one whole summer reading a 500-page
novel that I could have read in about three days in Braille,
because that was what all my friends were reading.
     I knew, however, that the CCTV was no substitute for
Braille. I'm almost glad that the CCTV was not available when I
was in first grade because I don't know if Braille would then
have been emphasized in my education. During my first two years
in college my sight gradually decreased to the light perception I
have today. Although I had to make some adjustments, already
having well-developed Braille skills helped immensely.
     In high school nearly all of my textbooks, including
advanced math and French, were in Braille. In contrast, all of my
college texts were on tape. By this time, though, I was familiar
with spelling, punctuation, and the Braille literary and math
codes. I took copious notes while listening to the texts and
studied these at exam time rather than having to re-skim the
entire book.
     I have read that ninety-one percent of employed blind people
know Braille. I am not at all surprised by this statistic. I am
only surprised that so few educators and counselors of the blind
seem to recognize the importance of Braille to employment. I
cannot imagine being competitive without Braille.
     Today I direct the Dayton criminal justice program of the
American Friends Service Committee, a Quaker organization. My
activities range from leading workshops and presentations in
prison and the community to advocating for criminal justice
reform. I use Braille every day to keep track of phone numbers,
file away relevant statistics, make outlines for talks, draft
articles, and much more.
     Like most non-profits, we have a very small staff in our
office. For the most part we do our own filing, typing, and
minute-taking. My independence is greatly enhanced by the use of
a scanner and other adaptive computer technology, but I don't
think it would be possible for me to do my job at all without
Braille. At meetings, workshops, and presentations I always have
my slate and stylus ready. Although prison officials sometimes
worry that my stylus could be turned into a weapon, I always have
my Braille notes with me and have given several impromptu Braille
lessons to interested prisoners.
     Since those early days Braille has opened many doors for me.
Reading is a source of great pleasure  as well as information and
education. Braille writing allows me not only to keep track of
personal information but also to articulate and craft my thoughts
into written communication that can be shared with others. I
cannot imagine my life without Braille.
     I am currently studying to become certified as a Braille
transcriber and proofreader. I am deeply concerned by the lack of
Braille skills among the blind today and the shortage of
qualified Braille teachers, both for blind children and for
people who become blind later in life. Perhaps someday I will
have the opportunity to put my love of Braille to good use by
teaching others to read it.
                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Sunny Emerson stands with microphone in her hand. CAPTION: Sunny
Emerson]
[PHOTO: Adam Emerson walks along dirt road with cane in hand. CAPTION: Adam
Emerson]

     CONCERNED PARENTS AND KIDS TESTIFY IN FAVOR OF BRAILLE

     From the Editor: With the momentum growing to pass federal
and state legislation protecting the right of blind children to
learn Braille, Federationists increasingly find themselves
delivering testimony, preparing comments, and writing letters to
legislators in favor of Braille. This past spring it was the NFB
of Michigan's turn to argue the case before the House Education
Committee of the State Legislature. What follows is a sample of
the testimony presented on April 12, 1994:

     My name is Dawn Neddo, and I am the parent of a blind six-
year-old son. I am also the President of the Parents of Blind
Children (POBC) of Michigan, a division of the National
Federation of the Blind. I get calls from concerned parents of
blind and visually impaired children all over our state,
reporting that education of their children is lacking in
blindness skills. The basic skill of an educated, successful
citizen is reading. The mode of reading that allows a blind
person to be independent and strive to be all that he or she can
be is Braille.
     Everyone assumes that, if your child is legally blind, he or
she will be taught Braille. It would seem reasonable to most
people that the timetable for teaching reading to a blind child
would be the same as that for teaching any other child to read--
after all, Braille is to a blind child what print is to a sighted
child.
     My son has been enrolled in the early-intervention program
in our school district since he was nine months old. He has had a
visually impaired (V.I.) teacher/consultant for all that time. I
have been persistent in having him exposed to Braille just as
parents of sighted children expose them to print. But I must tell
you that it has been a frustrating struggle to get the V.I.
teachers to see legally blind students as children first.
     When two-year-olds are recognizing the local K-Mart sign,
parents and educators of blind children need to be showing
Braille to the blind child so that they can develop the same
concepts as sighted children do, and at the same age as sighted
children do. When Sesame Street is showing print letters and
singing songs to preschoolers, we need to be showing those
letters to our blind children in Braille.
     As an active member of my son's Individualized Education
Program (IEP) team, I have advocated for this concept of
educating him. I have not felt it unreasonable to expect his
teachers to think of my son as a child first and to consider his
blindness second. But this has not been true in many aspects of
his education.
     My son entered a preschool head start program, with a V.I.
teacher two to three times a week, along with the general
education teacher and two general education aides. I thought that
after three years of pre-Braille we were finally going to get
going on letter recognition. I was wrong. I was told, "We don't
teach Braille to preschoolers. He is not ready to learn letters
yet." The V.I. teacher told me that, if I pushed him too fast, it
would be confusing and that Braille is taught on a different
timetable. I went along with this idea, trusting that my son
would be ready for kindergarten when the other children were. I
was wrong again.
     My son entered kindergarten last fall in our school district
after I agreed to the IEP that I thought would finally bring his
education up to that of his sighted peers. Everyone agreed that
he was a normal child who happened to be blind and that Braille
instruction would finally begin.
     My son entered school already behind his sighted peers, even
though he had been with a V.I. teacher since he was an infant. In
September he started school without having had any formal letter
recognition or even the ability to recognize his name in Braille,
let alone the capacity to Braille it on a Braillewriter. The V.I.
teacher introduced the first letters to my son along with the
other aspects of Braille such as tracking, finding the beginning
and ending of the line, and inserting push pins in the paper.
They worked on five letters, four of which were in his name. By
December the V.I. teacher was discouraged with his lack of
progress. By February she felt that he was still not ready to
learn Braille and that perhaps we were pushing him too hard.
     I had taken an introductory Braille course and was familiar
with basic Braille. I started to work with my son at home on
letter recognition and writing his name in Braille on the
Braillewriter. We worked for two weeks, and then I attended one
of his Braille sessions. He correctly read eight letters and
Brailled his first name on the Braillewriter for his teacher. I
felt confident that we were not expecting too much from him, nor
were we pushing him too hard. He was very proud of his
accomplishments and demonstrated his reading and Braille skills
to family and friends. He finally felt he was doing the same
things in school as his peers.
     The V.I. teacher still felt that my son was not learning
Braille fast enough and that it wouldn't hurt to have him
psychologically evaluated and get an I.Q. test done. Needless to
say, I was disappointed in the presumption that, when something
doesn't work, it must be the blind person's deficiency and never
the technique used. Since my son's report card does not reflect
any problems in learning and he knows all the letter sounds, I
will not subject him to a test that might mislabel him and once
again discriminate against the blind community.
     I have made a commitment to my son that he will know all of
his Braille alphabet and numbers by the end of the summer.
(Braille numbers have not yet been taught, and therefore my son
knows no numbers at the end of kindergarten.) The blind adult
members of the National Federation of the Blind and I will have
to supplement his education through tutoring sessions they have
established throughout the year.
     A blind man once said to me that the professionals' attitude
about teaching Braille to our blind children has been that it
will always be too soon to teach it, until finally it is too
late. I will not allow that to happen to my son, and I urge you
not to let it happen to any other legally blind child in the
state. I am committed to educating and empowering parents to
advocate for their children and to make sure our blind children
come out of the education system having the blindness skills to
succeed in life. Our attitudes about blindness and Braille need
to change. Blind people can be productive, independent, employed
citizens of our state if they are allowed to acquire the skills
they need and deserve.
     We need this Braille bill now. It will give us a tool to
make sure no legally blind child is forgotten. It is for parents
that don't yet have the knowledge to recognize what lies ahead
for their children and their need to have Braille skills for
independence. Our blind children need this bill. I urge you not
to forget them.
                           __________

     Here is the testimony of parents of a teenage son. Sunny
Emerson is an active member of both the Michigan affiliate's
parents division and the National Organization of Parents of
Blind Children. Here is the Emersons' statement:

     We are the parents of a fourteen-year-old son who is very
bright, healthy, and blind with partial vision. Although he had
to lie on the floor with his chin on his books to focus a
powerful reading aid on one eye, the educators certified to teach
blind students in the most affluent county in Michigan refused to
teach our son Braille. We pleaded, begged, and even cried to have
them instruct him in Braille and cane travel in a positive and
productive manner. The instruction we asked for did not cost any
more money; the teachers were already working with him. In fact,
it would have been less expensive than furnishing him with
stationary magnification equipment which did not meet his need,
which he did not use, and which would have separated him from the
rest of his class.
     We need your help. We have four grown children and eight
grandchildren. We have had sickness, sadness, and the other
trials families go through. But nothing has been as difficult as
getting the appropriate education for our legally blind son--
mainly Braille and the other skills of blindness. We have never
before heard of educators refusing to instruct students in
subjects they were certified to teach. Many of Adam's regular
teachers had hobbies or talents which they were happy to pass on
to their students, but the teachers of the visually impaired
refused to teach our very competent son Braille.
     You have it within your power to prevent other families from
going through this struggle to receive an appropriate education
for their blind children. You must put a stop to the fact that
only ten percent of blind students attending school know enough
Braille to do their class work. The only way this can be
accomplished is to present Braille right along with print, even
before preschool. Sighted children are exposed to print in their
daily lives as soon as they open their eyes and can focus. The
special educators working with our children from birth need to do
this for our blind children also. It will not cost the taxpayers
any more to educate our children properly.
     We have talked with many other parents of blind children,
and they are having the same problems. Even totally blind
children have trouble receiving Braille instruction and are not
age-appropriate in their literacy skills. Much of this lag has to
do with the expectations of the educators working with them. Many
certified teachers of the visually impaired that worked with our
son had the manual with them and were learning Braille right
along with the student. Would this be acceptable practice for
those teaching French or math? I've spoken with a volunteer
Braille transcriber who was asked to teach our V.I. educators
Braille, and she was very disappointed in their commitment to
learn Braille.
     Fortunately we had an opportunity to see for ourselves that
totally blind individuals with good Braille skills were able to
function better than many partially sighted people. Most parents
don't find this out until their children are out of school. The
education establishment will not tell them. Armed with this
knowledge, we were going to insist that our son learn Braille.
When we did, our superintendent of special education told us that
we could go to court, which is very expensive. This is
intimidating to parents who have only the home they have worked
for and are afraid they could lose trying to get the proper
reading and writing skills for their child.
     Please pass House Bill 4497 so our children can have the
same opportunity to be literate as other students. This will be a
giant step forward in making our children independent, self-
supporting citizens. We will thank you, future parents of blind
children will thank you, and the taxpayers of the State of
Michigan and the nation will thank you.
                                                  Most sincerely,
                                            Mrs. Sunny S. Emerson
                           __________

     Now here is the statement of Adam Emerson, the son of the
parents just quoted:                                             

     My name is Adam C. Emerson. I am currently a student and the
president of what will soon be the world's largest software
company.
     When I was in elementary school, I attended Roeper City and
Country School, which is in Oakland County. This is supposed to
be one of the best counties to go to school in, especially if you
have a disability, but the teachers absolutely refused to teach
me Braille. Instead they gave me $500 glasses which had a focal
length about as long as your nose, and a closed circuit TV. They
apparently forgot that the glasses of an elementary school
student last about one week before ending up full of scratches,
and if they get broken, it takes about twelve weeks to obtain a
replacement. A closed circuit television system (CCTV) is nice,
but it isn't practical. It has to sit in one place all the time.
In elementary school that isn't so bad, but when you start having
classes in different locations, it's impossible to get anything
done. My parents decided I needed to use Braille too, but the
teachers insisted that, since I had some vision, I use print
exclusively. My parents begged and pleaded but to no avail--the
teachers would not teach me Braille. Meanwhile, I was complaining
of an aching back and lying on the floor so I could read. And I
couldn't even read my own handwriting.
     Then my parents found an organization called the NFB that
fought with the teachers for five years until finally Dorothy
Goldie decided to teach me Braille. This was wonderful, but I was
nine at the time and didn't really appreciate having to read
Three Ducks Went Waddling in Braille while reading books on
particle physics in print.
     To sidetrack for a moment, cassette books are a wonderful
thing, but they are not a replacement for Braille. Cassettes are
better for reading a whole book all the way through, but in
school, when you have to read a specific page and answer some
questions, finding the right page will absolutely make you throw
your cassette player against the wall and use a jackhammer on it.
Besides, there is practically no way to do math using a cassette
book. When using Braille, you can read a problem, flip back to
get the method or whatever, and go back to the problem. You just
cannot do that with a cassette. No one learns spelling and
punctuation from a cassette, but you do when reading Braille. You
learn the same way as when you read print.
     Many blind people who have even more powerful visual aids
than I had take two and a half times longer to do their work than
their sighted classmates, not because they can't do the work, but
because they don't know Braille. They strain their eyes trying to
make out a fuzzy blob on a page, get a headache, take a rest, and
do the next problem. All this could be solved if they knew
Braille.
     Even the glasses I am wearing now are no replacement for
Braille, though I can read from a normal distance with them. They
are more expensive, they take much longer to repair, and they are
much more easily broken than my others. If these break I can
either take a twelve-week vacation from my job or wear an old
pair of scratched-up glasses that were made for me when I was
nine.
     For a visually impaired person, there is just no replacement
for Braille, which is why I am asking all of you to support H.B.
4497. Thank you.

                                                     Adam Emerson
                           __________

     Finally, here is the testimony of Kathleen Hilliker, the
mother of an eleven-year-old girl who has been denied sufficient
Braille:

     I am here today speaking on behalf of my eleven-year-old
daughter, Allison Hilliker, who is legally blind. She is a sixth-
grade student mainstreamed in a regular class in the Utica
(Macomb County) School District.
     Allison, who was born with glaucoma, has been through more
than forty eye surgeries to lower her eye pressure. Without these
surgeries she would have become totally blind. In the past four
months she has gone through three more surgeries, missing a total
of thirty days of school.
     She sees at close range and only out of her left eye.
Through her educational life she has been taught primarily by the
Macomb Intermediate School District, which coordinates the
conversion of her work to ink print large enough for her to see
and gives her some mobility to get around her school building.
     She's very bright, usually getting all A's, but doing her
school work independently has definitely become more challenging
as each year goes by.
     In the lower grades she did well keeping up. Of course, the
print was large, there wasn't page after page to read in each
subject, and her vision was slightly better. As she got older, we
requested Braille be taught, but the educators got to choose when
it was taught and how she would use it. It was presented as a
hard-to-learn secondary subject, like a foreign language. She was
never made to read it daily or do any work in it. When we
questioned these educators, they insisted she was progressing
adequately and continued to add more low-vision aids, like closed
circuit TV's, text on tape, two different kinds of telescopic
glasses, assistants for reading texts, and administration of
tests orally--all for her to continue doing her daily work in
print, not Braille. To this day, her textbooks in every subject
are provided in up to three media--large print, audio tapes, and
rarely Braille.
     Sadly, each year we insisted at her IEP meeting that it was
not enough. We saw that, while the rest of her classmates grew
into more independent students, able to read and write on their
own, our daughter depended more and more on her vision teacher
and her classroom teacher's making hourly adjustments. Her
confusion and frustration grew at having to choose constantly
which medium to use for each subject. Instead of sharpening her
Braille skills and increasing her speed at reading and writing
Braille, she is still being made to do subjects like algebra,
geometry, and literature in a medium that is not compatible with
her extremely limited eyesight.
     Allison's life has been an emotional roller coaster of
medical procedures and doctors' visits that constantly drain us
as we aggressively fight to save her vision. But dealing with her
medical condition is nothing compared to the emotional fight we
have had to go through to get her the basic literacy skills that
every child is entitled to. Why should we have to spend many
emotional hours begging educators to teach this crucial
independent skill to our blind children?
     This fall, when Allison begins junior high, meeting her
classroom needs will be even more of a challenge. Without good
Braille skills she will be unable to compete. Whether she's an
all-A student or not, without age-appropriate reading skills, she
will not remain equal with her sighted peers. It already takes
her two to three times longer to complete tests or do homework.
     Just last week my husband and I helped her read material in
an encyclopedia and other reference materials that she couldn't
see in order for her to do her science project and an Egyptian
hieroglyphic report. My husband had to enlarge each of her
geometric math problems to ten by six inches for her to be able
to see, since she has not been taught the Braille math code. I
read her a biography that needed to be completed in a week
because neither her classroom nor vision teacher cared to locate
one that she could independently read to herself in Braille. As
her parents we see that without Braille literacy skills she will
continue to need to have these many daily exceptions made for
her. But I ask you, what future employer will make all these
exceptions?
     There is no place for negative attitudes about Braille in
our daughter's education, but they appear constantly, exhibited
by the very professionals whose task is to train her in the
skills she'll need to compete in the next century. Partially
blind students should not be forced to accept print as their
literacy medium in spite of eye strain and inefficiency, and as
parents we should not have to spend years fighting the
educational system to gain basic Braille literacy for our
children. Too many parents in this state are left ignorant
regarding the importance of Braille because they have trusted
sighted educators to understand and tell them what's best for
their blind or partially sighted children.
     The passage of H. B. 4497 will give our blind children the
same privilege to be literate as each child reading print. By
supporting and passing this bill, you will help all blind
children of this state grasp the fundamental key to unlock their
equality and independence in the twenty-first century, not to
mention achieving future success.
                                                       Thank you,
                                      David and Kathleen Hilliker

                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Portrait. CAPTION: James Gashel]

                  BLIND VENDORS CALL FOR CHANGE
                         by James Gashel

     From the Editor: James Gashel is the Director of
Governmental Affairs for the National Federation of the Blind. He
is knowledgeable and experienced in dealing with the Randolph-
Sheppard Program and with issues of concern to vendors in
general. The following is his report on an important meeting that
took place this past spring:

     The Randolph-Sheppard Act is the basic federal law which
requires that priority be given to blind persons in the operation
of vending facilities on federal property. Most states have
either laws or regulations on the books which extend the federal
mandate to state property and often to county and municipal
property as well. There are specific federal regulations for the
program under which the state vocational rehabilitation agency
serving the blind in each state is designated as a licensing
agency for the vendors. Two states-- Montana and Wyoming--do not
have licensing agencies and do not participate in the
Randolph-Sheppard program.
     The federal law, which originally provided only a
"preference" for blind people in operating "vending stands," was
enacted in 1936. Amendments were passed in 1954 and again in
1974. The 1974 amendments were intended to lead to a significant
expansion of the program on federal property. The term "priority"
was chosen over "preference" to reflect an intent to place
opportunities for blind vendors ahead of others in selling
products on federal property. The term "vending stand" was
replaced by "vending facility," which also reflected an intent to
expand the program.
     It has now been almost twenty years since the
Randolph-Sheppard Amendments of 1974 were enacted. You might say
that this represents a milestone in time if nothing else.
Certainly the passage of twenty years leads to some reflection on
the progress made. It also leads to a natural reassessment, a
kind of taking stock, and a desire to plan for the future. With
this in mind the National Council of State Agencies for the Blind
(NCSAB) decided to promote the idea of convening a national
Randolph-Sheppard conference.
     The conference was not just promoted; it was actually held.
The meetings took place in Washington, D.C., from March 10
through March 13. Approximately 252 people attended. The
participants included a significant number of blind vendors from
the Merchants Division of the National Federation of the Blind; a
contingent from the American Council of the Blind (ACB)
Randolph-Sheppard Vendors of America; and other vendors who are
not involved (or involved to any great extent) in either
organization. Staff members (including several directors) from
many of the state licensing agencies for the Randolph-Sheppard
program also attended.
     Perhaps the most significant outcome of this conference was
the fact that it occurred. Admittedly there were some rough
spots, but generally speaking those who attended did so in a
spirit of harmony and cooperation. It is fair to say that
everyone involved expressed a shared concern that, far from
expanding, the Randolph-Sheppard program was beginning to
experience serious long-term problems which could ultimately
threaten its viability. We also shared the view that legislation
to improve the Randolph-Sheppard Act itself is not needed at this
time. More consistent and strong leadership, especially from the
Federal government, is needed.
     This point was made several times, but most dramatically
when Howard Moses, Acting Commissioner of the Rehabilitation
Services Administration (RSA), was responding to questions from
the group at the opening session. RSA is responsible for
administering the Randolph-Sheppard program at the federal level.
When he was asked what RSA would do to challenge possible
violations of the Randolph-Sheppard Act by the Department of
Veterans Affairs and other federal agencies, he immediately asked
an attorney from the Office of the General Counsel to respond.
The attorney proceeded to explain that every legal issue has more
than one side. She offered no assurance that RSA could bring
other federal agencies into compliance with the Randolph-Sheppard
Act merely on the strength of the law itself.
     At this point I asked for the floor to address the group. I
said that the exchange which we had just witnessed illustrated
the problem. The question was this: what would RSA do to enforce
compliance with the Randolph-Sheppard Act by other agencies?
Immediately the acting commissioner referred the matter to the
general counsel, who in turn told us how difficult it all was. I
said that perhaps all of us, myself included, had emphasized
litigation far too much. As a result we have been tied down in
court case after court case for many years while opportunities
for blind vendors are slipping away.
     Then I observed that it is time for real leadership on
behalf of blind vendors to be exercised by responsible officials
in the federal government. For example, the Secretary of
Education and ultimately the President of the United States both
have responsibility for the health and prosperity of the
Randolph-Sheppard program. RSA is one of the agencies in the
Department of Education. If the Secretary of Education or the
President cared enough about the blind vendor program, a phone
call by either of them to the secretary of any other federal
department could probably straighten out most compliance problems
in the blink of an eye.
     I said that the fact that this is not happening is a failure
of political leadership. Therefore, we should look to political
solutions more than legal ones to strengthen the
Randolph-Sheppard program in the future. We cannot rely upon the
courts to interpret or apply the Randolph-Sheppard Act favorably
in all instances. Besides, recourse to litigation as a primary
program-building tool usually consumes far too much time, energy,
and expense. The audience responded enthusiastically to this
view, and the theme of stronger political leadership's being
needed was repeated throughout the weekend.
     Other issues emerged throughout the conference. The process
for placing issues before the group included papers which were
circulated to most participants in advance of the trip to
Washington. The Friday afternoon and Saturday morning sessions
consisted of panel presentations to highlight some of the matters
raised in the papers as well as voicing other concerns. The
remainder of the day on Saturday was devoted to small group
meetings. By design each group included a mixture of state agency
representatives, blind vendors, and others involved in the
conference. The final meeting on Sunday morning brought the
entire group together once again to discuss priority issues
resulting from the smaller meetings.
     While a great deal of unanimity was expressed on issues such
as the need for stronger political leadership, there were obvious
differences in emphasis on other issues and certainly on the
solutions. Some participants advocated the creation of a new
national coordinating agency to promote collective buying
arrangements and program activities. Those of us from the
Federation responded that such a plan would likely lead to more
bureaucracy and would divert resources. We pointed out that there
may be a danger in promoting such an idea since National
Industries for the Blind, which already coordinates federal
contracts with sheltered workshops, would likely be standing in
line to absorb the Randolph-Sheppard program. This outcome would
certainly not be desirable.
     On another point most of the delegates from the American
Council of the Blind were strongly in favor of a plan to request
an annual appropriation of federal funds from the Congress to be
devoted specifically to the Randolph-Sheppard program. The figure
mentioned was something like $15 or $17 million. The counter-
view, which was expressed by many Federationists and others, was
that a direct federal appropriation might actually result in
reducing the support which the Randolph-Sheppard program already
receives from sources such as vocational rehabilitation and state
appropriations. We also pointed out that several no-cost issues
should be addressed before we tackled the question of funding.
     The federal funding idea was not one which had emerged as a
priority from the small group process. Even so, the
representatives from the ACB demanded that a vote should be
taken. Up to this point we had been operating under the idea that
conference positions would pretty much depend upon group
consensus. All the same, a voting procedure had been agreed upon
in advance, and a vote was taken. The majority favored putting
the request for specific federal funds off for now. In a
deviation from the otherwise harmonious spirit of the meeting,
the outcome of this vote led to a small walk-out by the ACB
representatives who most ardently sought to have it their way on
the federal funding issue. Nevertheless the conference went
forward to a successful conclusion without them.
     The paper reprinted below was especially prepared for this
conference by the National Federation of the Blind. Those of us
who are most directly and routinely involved in matters affecting
blind vendors gave considerable thought to selecting the ten top
priority issues which we would like to see addressed in order to
improve opportunities for blind vendors. In thinking about these
issues, we focused on the vendors, not the agencies. Clearly, in
addition to the issues presented in the paper, there may be some
concerns of a more generic or programmatic nature upon which both
the vendors and the agencies would likely agree. Our
responsibility in this conference, however, was to express the
views of the vendors, and that is exactly what we did.
     It should not be surprising that the matters discussed below
were reflected to a very significant degree in the results of the
small group meetings and in other presentations. Clearly the
voice of the National Federation of the Blind had a powerful
impact on shaping the direction of this conference. To the credit
of those who may not share some of our views on other matters in
the blindness field, our views on the Randolph-Sheppard program
were heard and objectively considered.
     The entire weekend, with perhaps the single exception of the
acrimony surrounding the small walk-out by ACB members, was
representative of a new atmosphere of respect for organized
consumers which is being felt increasingly in our field. Of
course this also speaks to our own growing strength as a movement
as much as it does to the changing reaction from others. So, with
the omission of our introductory remarks, here are the views of
the National Federation of the Blind on the Randolph-Sheppard
program, as submitted for consideration by the NCSAB Conference:

                    Randolph-Sheppard Issues
   A Report Submitted By The National Federation of the Blind
     To the National Council of State Agencies for the Blind
            Randolph-Sheppard Conference Participants

ISSUES AND RECOMMENDATIONS

     (1) FORCED PARTNERSHIPS
     DISCUSSION: Forced partnerships are situations in which two
or more blind vendors are placed in a co-manager relationship to
operate the same vending facility. State practices vary on this
point. However, relatively few states actually have formal
arrangements under which more than one vendor is assigned to a
vending facility. When this is done, the decision is normally
based on procedures which purport to analyze both the income
potential of the facility and workload requirements.
Forced partnerships are unacceptable to blind vendors. They
result in placing rather arbitrary limits on both actual and
potential income. By requiring partnerships, the state agency
places itself in the position of deciding how much income is
considered to be enough for a blind vendor. Exercising such
authority is fundamentally at odds with a business-oriented
philosophy and an entrepreneurial spirit. Forced partnerships
actually represent a social service or welfare mentality rather
than a business orientation.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: Regulatory actions, both state and federal,
should be taken to prohibit forced partnerships. First, each
state licensing agency should adopt regulations which specify
that two or more blind vendors will not be placed in the same
vending facility. Second, the federal regulations should be
amended to require a no-forced-partnership policy as a condition
for approval of the state's application for designation as a
state licensing agency.
     (2) VENDING FACILITY COMPETITION
     DISCUSSION: Reducing competition for blind vendors was
expressed as one of the principal goals of the 1974 amendments to
the Randolph-Sheppard Act. However, in the twenty years since the
amendments, very little progress has been made to address this
problem. In fact, state agencies themselves sometimes
deliberately decide to place two or more vending facilities at
one location without first carefully evaluating the competitive
impact caused by doing so. In other instances competition from
sources outside of the blind vending program is allowed to occur
because of program indifference and inaction.
     Under the federal law the priority extends to blind persons,
not merely to state agencies. Therefore, when state agencies are
contemplating the establishment of more than one vending facility
within an individual location or installation, the extent to
which competition among these facilities may diminish the income
potential of each such facility must be evaluated. Income
potential must not be sacrificed. The priority for blind persons
to operate vending facilities is a valuable right. It translates
directly into business opportunities and income for blind
vendors.
     While the priority right for blind vendors may not be
exclusive in each instance, it should be interpreted as a "first
right of refusal" in every instance. When two or more facilities
operated by blind vendors exist at the same site, the standard
should be "no competition," meaning essentially that there is no
adverse effect on income caused by more than one facility. The same
standard should be applied to resist competition from non-blind
vending facilities which may be allowed to operate on the same
property. Competition from such facilities violates the blind
vendors' priority. Therefore, it must be vigorously resisted.
     The so-called "break-even" policy, normally applied in the
United States Postal Service, is one of the most egregious forms
of unfair competition with blind vendors. The policy as exercised
by the Postal Service ordinarily prohibits operators of lunchroom
facilities (often consisting of vending machines) from making a
profit on the business. As a consequence of this policy, prices
are held below customary marketplace levels. Even if the break-
even policy is not applied to blind vendors, which is normally
the case, it has the obvious effect of limiting their income.
     The income limits occur in two respects. First, blind
vendors faced with competition from break-even facilities are
forced to reduce their prices to a point which often threatens
the viability of the business itself. Second, vending machine
income is not available for distribution to blind vendors as a
deliberate consequence of the policy. The break-even policy is,
in fact, a means of subsidizing federal employees in a way which
circumvents the vending-machine income-sharing provisions of the
federal Randolph-Sheppard Act.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: The federal regulations should be amended
to define the term "priority," including the use of a "no-
competition" standard. The standard should insure that the income
potential for blind vendors is not eroded by competition from
inside or outside the program. Policies designed to keep income
from vending machines below market levels should specifically be
prohibited by the federal regulations. State licensing agencies
and blind vendor committees should adopt no-competition standards
and apply them to facility-establishment decisions. State
agencies should also seek enforcement of existing regulations to
protect blind vendors against unlawful competition from outside
sources.
     (3) FEDERAL LEADERSHIP
     DISCUSSION: The Secretary of Education, through the
Rehabilitation Services Administration (RSA), has been given
responsibility for coordinating government-wide federal agency
compliance with the Randolph-Sheppard Act. Several provisions of
the 1974 amendments to the Act specify this role because Congress
found that lack of clear federal leadership and accountability
were a principal reason for declining opportunities. To remedy
this condition, the amended law applies the "lead agency" concept
and makes the Secretary of Education ultimately responsible for
implementing federal regulations with government-wide
applicability.
     Examples of the leadership role given to the Secretary and
RSA include the following: one or more vending facilities are to
be established on federal property unless the establishment or
operation of such facilities would adversely affect the interests
of the United States. RSA is expected to make annual surveys of
vending facility opportunities and to report the results to
affected agencies and organizations. Any limitation on the
placement or operation of a vending facility on federal property,
based on a finding that such placement or operation would
adversely affect the interests of the United States, must be
fully justified in writing to the Secretary of Education, who
shall determine whether the limitation is justified.
     As the lead agency for Randolph-Sheppard implementation and
compliance, RSA is in a position to initiate and carry out an
active campaign to promote the program throughout the federal
government. If such an effort does exist, it is not apparent to
those who depend upon RSA's leadership. In fact, it appears that
the preeminent leadership role envisioned in the law for RSA has
been permitted to atrophy through ineptness or lack of exercise
over time. Contrary to the clear policy direction of the amended
law, RSA has continued a pattern of merely reacting to situations
as they arise. This posture is a major reason for the program's
downward trend.
     It should be noted that RSA is not alone in the federal
government in failing to support the Randolph-Sheppard program.
The Department of Justice, which is supposed to provide legal
support and coordination, has typically weighed in on the side of
non-compliant federal agencies. In more than one instance the
Department of Justice has even argued before the courts that the
arbitration provisions of the Randolph-Sheppard Act may be
unconstitutional. There are also other instances, so numerous as
to form an unmistakable pattern, when the Justice Department's
legal advice and support given to agencies has been at odds with
programmatic and legal interpretations made by the Department of
Education and RSA.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: The Secretary of Education, through RSA,
should pursue a proactive, rather than a reactive, strategy for
developing and enforcing the Randolph-Sheppard regulations. This
strategy should be initiated with an action plan consisting of
specific steps designed to reverse the trends of declining
facilities and blind vendor income. The plan should be developed
within a three-month time period. Provisions should be made for
participation by interested persons and organizations in the
process. Once adopted, the planned strategy should be publicly
announced and vigorously pursued. At a minimum the strategy
should include:
     (a) strict enforcement of the prohibition on limitations
placed on vending facilities unless first justified to the
Secretary and approved or disapproved by the Secretary, including
aggressive initiation of proceedings by RSA;
     (b) revisions to the program regulations which specifically
clarify the meaning of the priority required for blind vendors
and the way in which it is to be applied to achieve program
expansion;
     (c) a clear statement in the regulations that policies or
practices which limit income potential for blind vendors violate
the priority provisions of the Act;
     (d) procedures for each federal property-managing agency and
each state licensing agency to follow in establishing goals and
timetables for program expansion both in the quality and number
of vending facilities available for operation by blind vendors;
     (e) regular and systematic monitoring by RSA of federal and
state agency practices, including the routine issuance of legal
interpretation and policy guidance documents;
     (f) improved coordination with the Department of Justice to
support the Department of Education's lead agency role, with
deference to be given to its programmatic and legal
interpretations; and
     (g) plans for regular surveys of vending facility
opportunities and potential opportunities to be conducted by RSA
as required by the Randolph-Sheppard Act.
     (4) COMMISSIONS AND OTHER CHARGES
     DISCUSSION: It is often said that effective implementation
of the Randolph-Sheppard Act on federal property depends upon the
formation of a partnership among Federal property-managing
agencies, state licensing agencies, and blind vendors themselves.
While the ultimate beneficiaries of the program may appear to be
the blind vendors, the affected agencies, both state and federal,
also derive substantial benefits from the program. Indeed, such
benefits were part of the original concept. State licensing
agencies are aided in accomplishing their broader mission of
placing blind people in productive jobs. Federal agencies receive
food, beverage, and other services which they must provide to
their employees in order to maintain morale and productivity.
   With some notable exceptions most federal property-managing
agencies usually seem to acknowledge their role in the
Randolph-Sheppard partnership. They recognize the benefits that
accrue when federal space is provided for vending facilities to
be operated by blind people. However, the Department of Veterans
Affairs, which is seeking to condition opportunities for vending
facilities on payment of sales commissions, represents an extreme
form of non-cooperation with the Randolph-Sheppard program. The
commissions sought may be as high as twenty percent of gross
sales or more than half of a blind vendor's net proceeds. Some
other agencies have followed the practice of charging blind
vendors the flat rate of 1´ percent of gross sales, which is said
to be a "utility charge."
     The Randolph-Sheppard Act clearly specifies certain charges
for goods or services that may be assessed against the net
proceeds of a vendor. Sales commissions or any other charges for
vending facility space (including utilities) are not among the
costs to be born in whole or in part by blind vendors.
Unfortunately, most state licensing agencies, many blind vendors,
and RSA officials as well have acquiesced in permitting the
charges in the range of 1´ percent, while the more outrageous
assessments such as sales commissions have usually been
challenged.
     Set-aside payments, allowed by law and assessed against net
vendor proceeds, can also become an inequity. The theory of set-
aside is that vendors derive direct benefits from the program, so
therefore they must pay for them. But other blind people who
receive services at substantial cost to the state are not
required to rebate the amount spent at some later date. The
greatest problem is that the vendors are, in effect, a captive
audience with a ready source of revenue to tap. Moreover, state
agencies are constantly faced with budget pressures. In all too
many instances the blind vendor program is not given high
priority by responsible officials at the highest levels in the
agency. When this happens, federal and state funds which could
legitimately be devoted to the program are diverted to other
uses.
     Set-aside should be viewed as a tax. It is, in fact, a
double tax, for it is paid on top of a vendor's normal tax
obligation. In this respect the Randolph-Sheppard program is
unique, and blind vendors are uniquely vulnerable to the very
real possibility of excessive charges. For example, in the state
of North Carolina, half of each vendor's net income above $65,000
must be turned over to the state. This rate goes to sixty-five
percent charged on any net income above $91,000. The same vendors
are paying federal and state income taxes, plus additional
amounts of set-aside charged on their income below $65,000. The
combined effect of these taxes and set-aside charges is to place
an arbitrary ceiling on the income which a blind vendor may earn
in North Carolina.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: The federal regulations should be amended
to specify that the priority for blind people to operate vending
facilities on federal property is based on the concept that the
space and services related to the normal maintenance of the
facilities are expected to be provided free of charge to support
the blind vendor program. State licensing agencies should resist
entering into contracts or permits which include any form of
assessment against blind vendor proceeds on the basis that such
assessments are not authorized by law. State licensing agencies
and vendors should develop plans to reduce or eliminate set-aside
payments whenever possible.
     (5) RESPONSIBILITIES OF BLIND VENDOR COMMITTEES
     DISCUSSION: The law requires that a committee, fully
representative of the state's blind vendors, must be elected at
least biennially. Certain responsibilities are also specified for
the elected committee. The language of both the Act and the
regulations goes beyond the normal advisory concept which is used
to provide opportunities for consumer input in governmentally
sponsored programs. The clear language of the statute and
regulations seeks collaboration between vendors and agency
representatives in significant aspects of policy-making and
program-administration.
     The regulations use the term "active participation" to
describe the committee/agency relationship. At the federal level
the concept of active participation has never been defined with
any degree of precision, however. To the extent that it has been
defined, RSA typically advises state agencies to insure that the
committee is involved at least to some degree in the areas of
policy development and administration specified by law. If the
agency does not adopt the course or courses of action recommended
by the committee, the committee should be so notified in writing
together with the reasons for making a contrary decision. This is
about the extent of RSA's advice.
     RSA's interpretation of the committee/agency role is unduly
restrictive. It follows the notion that agencies must decide
important program matters after they have received input from
consumers. Congress chose the term "participation," rather than
"consultation," advisedly. Participation by the vendors in making
policy decisions which vitally affect their business
opportunities was considered to be essential for this particular
program. The standard of "participation," rather than
"consultation," is admittedly more stringent than the normal
advisory committee approach. Therefore, creative policies must be
used to foster significant opportunities for genuine
participation between committees and state agencies. This can
certainly be done without sacrificing agency accountability.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: The federal regulations should be amended
to define the phrase "actively participate with," or "active
participation," as follows: "Active participation means an
ongoing process of negotiations between the state licensing
agency and the elected committee of blind vendors to achieve
joint planning and approval of policies, standards, and
procedures, prior to their implementation by the agency." This
definition should also be included in regulations adopted by each
state agency and blind vendor committee. The state regulations
should then be examined to insure that substantive opportunities
for active participation are clearly prescribed.
     The federal regulations should also be amended to require
each state to submit a plan for active participation along with
its application for designation as a state licensing agency. At a
minimum the plan should express the agency's commitment to the
joint policy making and approval process described in the
definition and should identify the procedures to be used to
insure that active participation occurs. The plan should also
specify with some precision the areas of policy-making and
administration in which active participation will be used,
including areas such as development of the annual program budget
and recommendations for employment or dismissal of key personnel.
     (6) VENDING MACHINE INCOME CEILING
     DISCUSSION: The Randolph-Sheppard regulations establish a
ceiling on the amount of vending machine income which may be
received by a blind vendor under the income-sharing provisions of
the Act. The ceiling is the average amount of net vendor proceeds
for all vendors in the U. S. during the previous year--the
national average--or the state average if higher than the
national average. Any income above the ceiling which would
otherwise be paid to a blind vendor is paid instead to the state
licensing agency. In circumstances in which there is no vending
facility operated by a blind vendor, state licensing agencies
receive all of the income that would otherwise be paid to a blind
vendor.
     The placement of a ceiling on any income paid to vendors is
fundamentally at odds with a business-oriented, entrepreneurial
program. The ceiling represents a judgment call as to how much
money a blind vendor should receive. It really doesn't matter
that in this instance the income in question is produced by
machines which compete with the blind vendor; the effect--the
limitation on net vendor proceeds--is still the same. If it is
justified for blind vendors to receive such income, which the law
says that it is, then there is no valid justification for
imposing a limitation merely because the amount of the income
seems too high.
     RECOMMENDATION: The federal regulations should be amended to
remove the ceiling on the amount of vending machine income to be
paid to a blind vendor.
     (7) ACQUISITION OF CAFETERIAS
     DISCUSSION: Cafeterias are included in the general
definition of "vending facility" used in the program. Even so,
the regulations create a distinction between vending facilities
that are not cafeterias and vending facilities that are.
Non-cafeteria facilities are normally secured by means of an
instrument referred to in the regulations as a "permit." The
terms of permits are directly negotiated between property-
managing agencies and state licensing agencies. A general format
is followed. Cafeterias, on the other hand, are normally but not
always secured by a contract. The contract is far more extensive
than the standard vending facility permit and is the type of
instrument used to secure the same service from a commercial food
service provider.
     Blind vendors are to receive a priority for the operation of
cafeterias on federal property. However, the regulations provide
two options which may be used to determine cafeteria awards under
the priority. The first option, and the one generally applied, is
a standard bid-solicitation and award process. The second option
is direct negotiations between the federal and state agencies to
reach a negotiated award. By both logic and experience, we know
that the bid-solicitation option is demonstrably inconsistent
with the intended priority for blind vendors to operate
cafeterias.
     By their very nature bid solicitations involve competition.
When that occurs under normal procedures, it is virtually
impossible to determine whether the bid of a state licensing
agency received any meaningful competitive preference. Besides, a
competitive preference in the evaluation of proposals is not
necessarily the same as a priority or a "prior right," as
expressed in the legislative intent. Also, once contracts are
awarded, they are normally extended automatically for two
additional terms. Therefore, if a state licensing agency fails to
receive an award for a cafeteria pursuant to a competitive
solicitation, the opportunity can be lost for as long as fifteen
years. These conditions have proven to be major obstacles to the
establishment of a significant number of new opportunities for
blind people to operate cafeterias during the past twenty years.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: The federal regulations should be amended to
apply the well-known permit procedures to cafeteria as well as
other vending facility awards. Just as in the case of other vending
facilities, the terms and conditions of permits for cafeterias
should be free from sales charges or any other required payments to
federal property-managing agencies. Direct negotiations, leading to
the terms of each specific permit, should be used for cafeterias.
Also each existing cafeteria contract with a commercial firm should
be subject to termination at the expiration of each term if direct
negotiations with a state licensing agency result in satisfactory
arrangements for a blind vendor to operate the cafeteria.
     (8) UNIFORM APPLICATION OF THE ACT
     DISCUSSION: The 1974 amendments anticipated that the
requirements of the amended Act would be applied in a uniform
manner throughout the United States. The federal regulations
recognize this fact by obtaining each state's assurance that it
will cooperate with the Secretary in applying the requirements of
the Act in a uniform manner. The meaning and applicability of
this phrase is not defined or described. Therefore, most state
agencies have rather casually made the commitment without knowing
or planning how to follow through.
     The conditions which may exist within each state for
implementing the Act are not necessarily identical. Therefore,
certain policies may not be entirely uniform. However, there are
certain minimum requirements which could be met by every state
agency. There is a need for RSA to issue clear instructions for
national distribution when problems in uniform application of the
Act are discovered. Several concerns come immediately to mind.
For example, initial stocks of merchandise should always be
provided without charge to the vendor, but there are at least a
few states which do not do so. Also, although training, upward
mobility, and continuing education programs are to be available
to vendors, very few states have done anything meaningful to
implement this requirement. As already noted, the extent of
substantive opportunities for participation by committees of
blind vendors is also quite variable.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: RSA should implement a program of frequent
communications with state licensing agencies and blind vendors.
Circulation of a regular newsletter should be considered. In
addition, RSA should issue regular instructions to the state
agencies and blind vendor committees to assist them in applying
the requirements of the Act with as much uniformity as possible.
Information resulting from arbitration decisions and other
developments which have a potential impact on the program should
also be circulated promptly to the states and to blind vendor
committee representatives.
     (9) ADVOCACY
     DISCUSSION: Lack of advocacy by state licensing agencies is
a principal and perennial complaint expressed by blind vendors.
The complaint is often, but not necessarily always, justified.
Because of the legal responsibilities specified in the law, the
licensing agencies are interposed between the vendors and
property managers. This position creates a situation which can be
somewhat delicate. The vendors are the principal clientele or
constituency of the state agency, yet in matters of conflict the
path of least resistance may seem to be to respond favorably to
the wishes of property managers. Disregarding the well-founded
views of vendors can lead agencies into a pattern of needless and
unproductive conflict with blind licensees. This will happen when
vendors lose trust in the agency and feel that it is not and does
not want to be their advocate.
     RECOMMENDATION: State licensing agencies and blind vendors
should develop relationships of trust and mutual respect for the
rights and responsibilities of all parties in the
Randolph-Sheppard program. To achieve this goal, state licensing
agencies must not shrink from assuming an advocacy posture on
behalf of the vendors in appropriate circumstances. One such
circumstance certainly exists when a property-managing agency
commits acts that violate the rights of blind vendors and the
law. When this happens, the agency can earn the everlasting
respect of the vendors by coming to their aid in a time of need.
In fact, it is the state licensing agency's responsibility to do
so. Each state licensing agency should acknowledge this
responsibility in its program regulations and policies.
     (10) ADMINISTRATIVE DUE PROCESS
     DISCUSSION: The Randolph-Sheppard regulations clearly
require that an opportunity for a full evidentiary hearing must
be provided to a blind vendor whenever the vendor's license is to
be suspended or revoked. It is somewhat surprising that this
rather unambiguous statement has been the subject of numerous
disputes, often to the point of litigation. The disputes normally
arise when vendors are summarily removed from vending facilities.
The removal is subject to challenge on the basis that there was
no opportunity for a hearing in advance.
     An agency's only defense is to claim that the vendor's
license is still in effect. Vendors respond that the license is
not actually in effect at all because the opportunity to operate
a vending facility has been withdrawn. The license in the
Randolph-Sheppard program means essentially nothing if it does
not include an assignment to a vending facility, because the
Randolph-Sheppard license cannot be used in open commerce. In
this respect it is not the same as having an occupational or
professional license in some other form, such as a teaching
credential or a license to practice law or medicine. Unlike these
other situations, the state agency in the Randolph-Sheppard
program exclusively controls vending facility assignments. The
only way for it to prove that a vendor's license is still in
effect is to assign the vendor to a facility.
     RECOMMENDATIONS: The federal regulations should be amended
to specify the circumstances in which a license is deemed to be
suspended or revoked. Involuntary removal of the vendor from any
particular vending facility assignment should be defined as the
suspension or revocation of the license. State licensing agencies
should also adopt regulations to implement this policy. 

                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Portrait. CAPTION: Dr. Homer Page.]

 ADVICE TO BLIND STUDENT TEACHERS FROM A PROFESSOR OF EDUCATION
                          by Homer Page

     Editor's Note: Dr. Homer Page is blind and for many years
has been a professor in the Department of Education at the
University of Colorado at Boulder. He is also Chairman of the
Boulder County Board of Commissioners and President of the
National Federation of the Blind of Colorado. At the 1993 meeting
of the National Association of Blind Educators he had good advice
for blind students planning to do student teaching. His remarks
were printed in the Spring/Summer 1994 issue of the Blind
Educator, the publication of the National Association of Blind
Educators. This is what he said:

     I am very pleased to have a chance to speak to you on this
topic. Of course, the blind student teacher must have a good
knowledge of the subject which is to be taught, but equally
important is mastery of the skills of blindness. The blind
student teacher must be literate in Braille, quick with keyboard
skills, and experienced in the use of the long white cane. Since
sighted student teachers are expected to pick up a list of
student names on the first day and read them quickly, the blind
student teacher must have the skills to do the same. For most of
us who do not see or do not see very well, Braille skills are a
requirement. When closed circuit TV or very enlarged materials
must be used, so much energy is consumed in decoding the print
that the teacher inevitably loses contact with the students.
Braille is the solution for such a teacher.
     Always remember, classroom management is essential. The
blind student teacher must be assertive. The teacher manages
everything in the educational process. It is absolutely necessary
that the blind student teacher do everything required of the
sighted teachers. If the blind teacher gets by with not doing
something, a mark will almost certainly be placed in the record
showing that this teacher cannot perform required tasks. Never
let an on-site teacher or friend talk you out of completing a
requirement. In fact, it would be better to do more than other
students are doing. The blind student teacher must have a lot of
pre-student teaching experience. Take advantage of opportunities
such as observations, internships, summer camps, and other
experiences which build confidence. Make sure that the faculty of
the Department of Education are aware of these pre-teaching
experiences.
     A lot of students tell me that they would love to teach
because math, English, history, . . . is the field in which they
have knowledge. The reality is that, in most schools and
universities today, classroom management is every bit as
important as subject knowledge. If a teacher does not have the
management skills, he or she should choose another career. If the
teacher cannot keep the students under control, it simply does
not matter how much the teacher knows. Not only will the teacher
not last, but he or she will be miserable while trying to teach.
My definition of hell is trying to instruct students who are not
learning. These days an educator must have the skills to handle
students with a variety of unique needs. The talent of dealing
with individual needs is developed by working with a variety of
students in different settings. One cannot learn all these skills
while trying to student teach.
     I use an important word when talking to student teachers; it
is "presence." By this I mean that the teacher has the talent to
tell students what to do and have them do it. As a professor in a
Department of Education, I have supervised hundreds of student
teachers, most of whom were not blind. Their major problem was
that they could not control the people they were expected to
educate. Many student teachers appear to be teaching on their
heels when they need to be instructing on their toes. The teacher
must sit or stand tall, leaning forward and truly engaging with
everything and everyone in the area. Careful listening is a
necessary skill.
     One of the hardest techniques for new teachers to learn is
to encompass the entire environment in their attention, rather
than one or two students. If the teacher's full attention is on
one or two students or one portion of the class, he or she has
lost. Everyone and everything must be in the teacher's
consciousness. This skill is not easy to learn. I have read
estimates that it takes five years to learn to engage completely
with the class. Blind educators must learn these skills for all
the usual reasons, but it is also true that students are
perfectly happy to take advantage of the teacher's blindness. If
the blind teacher does not recognize this truth, I don't believe
he or she is long for this profession. Blind educators must hear
and engage all the students simultaneously. This ability only
comes with a lot of practice. I recommend that you get it before
you begin student teaching. Schools always want speakers on
blindness, so take advantage of these opportunities to take over
a class and deal with students. Do not forget internships,
observation, and off-campus experience. And always remember that
magic word, "engagement."
     It is also very important to be organized. When the blind
teacher goes into a classroom, the lesson must be planned, and he
or she must have prepared all the necessary materials and know
where they are. A teacher can't be hunting for things or
wondering what comes next or what the sequence is. If the student
teacher is not well organized, the students will be gone. Being
organized is part of having the presence of a real teacher.
     I always tell my student teachers, be they sighted or blind,
to get the list of students and learn their names before meeting
them for the first time. If a teacher does not know names, the
students can really get out of control. Have a relationship with
each student; take the time to learn something about each one and
remember it.
     You have probably heard these ideas before; however, it is
very easy for the blind student teacher not to have realized that
extra effort before student teaching would make all the
difference. Learning to deal with a variety of activities in the
environment, with the layout of the school, and with the building
plan for fire drills--all these take planning and practice. The
bottom line is that blind student teachers must obtain the same
results as their sighted peers. How blind teachers learn about
the environment is not important. What is crucial is that we
accomplish the same goals as all other teachers.
     The first day of student teaching the teacher must feel at
home in the classroom. That means a lot of preparation ahead of
time and being aggressive and assertive. Make the lesson plan for
the first day the best one of the whole year. Remember to start
in control. It is very hard to recover from a poor start. When
any student teacher loses control, the supervising teacher must
take over. This happens all the time, but if the student teacher
happens to be blind, the supervisor is all too likely to conclude
that this student cannot teach. He or she may well communicate
these reservations about the blind student teacher's ability to
the education faculty, who are still too often just waiting for
such a report. The next thing you know, the blind student teacher
has not obtained a credential.
     By taking heed of this scenario, the blind student teacher
can take the necessary measures to earn a place at the top of the
class in a Department of Education. So remember these things:
     1) know the skills of blindness before beginning student
teaching,
     2) be assertive in university education classes,
     3) be prepared,
     4) sit in the front row and be smart,
     5) let everybody get to know the blind student teacher and
observe the alternative teaching skills of blindness in
operation,
     6) get pre-student-teaching experience,
     7) get to know the school and the supervising teacher, and
     8) know where everything is kept in the classroom, know the
students, and have an excellent lesson plan.
     In your heart be in control and believe that you have a
great deal to give each student. If the blind student teacher
follows this plan, he or she should have an enjoyable student-
teaching experience.

                      ____________________

                     MORE TALK ABOUT THE GUI

     From the Editor: At the Second U.S./Canada Conference on
Technology for the Blind, which took place last fall at the
National Center for the Blind, there was a good deal of
discussion of the problems involved in operating access
technology for the blind with computer systems using one of the
graphical user interface (GUI) operating systems. (See the
January, 1994, issue of the Braille Monitor for a full report of
the conference.) One of the speakers was Curtis Chong, President
of the National Federation of the Blind in Computer Science, who
raised his concern that the GUI threat to the jobs and futures of
blind employees is so serious as to require a genuine effort
throughout the industry to solve the access problems and allow
blind computer-users to operate the software being developed
using the GUI. Comments received since publication of the
conference proceedings suggest that most people agree with Mr.
Chong's concern, but not all. The following is a letter Curtis
Chong received by E-mail from a Federationist who works for IBM
and is himself a gifted programmer and experienced computer user.
Here is Christopher Chaltain's letter, followed by Curtis Chong's
response and a letter to Curtis from Peggy Elliott (Second Vice
President of the National Federation of the Blind), who happened
to see the exchange of correspondence:

From: Christopher J. Chaltain
To: Curtis Chong
Subject: Comments about your remarks at the technology conference

Dear Curtis,
     In the Braille Monitor I read the comments you made at the
meeting of the Joint Committee on Technology held at the National
Center in 1993. I have some critical comments on your
presentation and other remarks you made at the meeting.
     First, you stated that IBM first demonstrated Screen
Reader/2 at the 1992 National Convention held in Charlotte, North
Carolina. Actually, Jim Thatcher demonstrated a prototype of
Screen Reader/2 in 1990 at the national convention held in
Dallas. Furthermore, in 1991 in New Orleans IBM was demonstrating
a version of Screen Reader/2 for version 1.3 of OS/2. This
version was also available on a limited basis to IBM customers.
What was unique about the demonstration in Charlotte was that it
marked the general availability of Screen Reader/2, which ran on
OS/2 2.0 and provided support for MS Windows applications.
     Second, you implied that Microsoft's interest in making MS
Windows accessible began with the passage of the Americans with
Disabilities ACT (ADA). Unfortunately, the structure of your
presentation also had you referring to IBM in the surrounding
comments, which could lead the listeners to infer that IBM's
efforts were also a result of ADA. As you know, this is not the
case. Besides the dates mentioned in my previous paragraph, I
have been aware of Jim's efforts to make OS/2 accessible to the
blind since 1988, and I believe he started earlier than that.
This shows that IBM's interest in making OS/2 accessible predates
the passage of ADA. The accessibility of OS/2 by the blind is
more a result of Jim Thatcher's drive and efforts than any other
single cause. Third, when the subject of the American Printing
House for the Blind's (APH) producing a tape to instruct the
blind on using the graphical user interface (GUI) came up, you
recommended that the target system should be a Macintosh with
OutSpoken, since that is the only graphical user interface
accessible to the blind. I have never used a Macintosh running
OutSpoken, but I cannot imagine that it is more accessible than
an OS/2 machine running Screen Reader/2. I have been using OS/2
and Screen Reader/2 exclusively since the first month of 1991.
Not only has this allowed me to advance in my career, but it has
made me a more efficient and productive employee.
     Finally, the overall tone of your remarks was negative and
pessimistic regarding the blind's use of the graphical user
interface. I, on the other hand, am optimistic and encouraged by
the work done by IBM, Berkeley Systems, and others. There is a
reason that the graphical user interface is becoming so popular
among our sighted colleagues, and those very same reasons make it
an exciting opportunity for the blind computer user. As I stated
above, I am a more efficient and productive computer user because
of my access to a GUI. Furthermore, I have access to applications
I never could have accessed under DOS like the desktop publishing
software, FrameMaker for Windows. Under DOS this WYSIWYG
application would have been totally graphical and inaccessible to
the blind user.
     Obviously the blind user faces some challenges with the
graphical user interface. It is not as intuitive for the blind
user as it is supposed to be for the sighted user. However, once
the blind user has mastered the additional complexity of a GUI
and the associated access application, the benefits of the Common
User Access (CUA) standards and multi-tasking make it well worth
the effort.
     I guess I was particularly distressed by your comments. I,
like many other blind computer users, hold you in high regard and
value your opinion. I was under the impression from your comments
at previous conventions that you were impressed with the work of
Jim Thatcher and IBM to make OS/2 and MS Windows accessible to
the blind. I was also under the impression that you had an open
mind to the benefits the GUI could have for a blind computer
user. None of this came out in your comments, at least not in my
reading.
     Would it be possible for me to get a copy of your remarks? I
am sure they are available somewhere on the Internet or on some
bulletin board. I would like to pass them around to a few people
to see if my comments are shared by any of the other blind GUI
users.
                                                      Christopher
                           __________

     That is what Chris Chaltain wrote to Curtis Chong. Here is
Curtis's response:


To: Christopher J. Chaltain
From: Curtis Chong
Subject: My Remarks on the GUI

Dear Chris:
     Thank you for taking the time to write to me with your
thoughts concerning my speech on the Problems and Challenges of
the Graphical User Interface (GUI). I am always glad to receive
constructive and thoughtful criticism about the articles and
speeches I write.
     First, I would like to set the record straight concerning my
view of Screen Reader/2 in general and my high regard for Jim
Thatcher in particular.
     In many informal conversations in person, on the phone, over
the Internet, on NFB-NET, and in the CompuServe Disabilities
Forum, I have expressed the belief that IBM deserves a lot of
credit for developing Screen Reader/2. As you so rightly point
out, IBM's work on this program pre-dates the Americans with
Disabilities Act (ADA). Screen Reader/2 is today the only screen
access solution for blind people who want or need to use the OS/2
operating system. If a corporation selects OS/2 as its platform
of choice, blind people who are affected by this decision will be
able to keep their jobs because of Screen Reader/2. And yes I
know that Screen Reader/2, used with OS/2, can provide access to
applications designed to run under Microsoft Windows.
     As I learn more about Screen Reader/2 (having recently
converted my office computer to OS/2), I am impressed by the
amount of planning, forethought, and downright genius that has
gone into the development of this software. I thank God, quite
literally, for Jim Thatcher. Although he would probably not admit
it, I believe that he has been the inspiration, the driving
force, and the architect for the entire Screen Reader project.
Jim Thatcher possesses great personal warmth, public charm,
tremendous enthusiasm, and intuitive genius. I have made no
secret of my high personal regard for him. This is why year after
year I have invited him to speak at annual meetings of the
National Federation of the Blind in Computer Science. Jim has
never disappointed me. He always has something interesting and
thought-provoking to say, and he is always upbeat about the
potential for blind people to use the GUI on the same terms as
their sighted peers.
     Why then in my speech did I not devote more space to IBM and
Screen Reader/2? Why did I fail to mention the fact that in 1990
and again in 1991 prototypes of Screen Reader/2 were demonstrated
at Federation conventions? Why did I not express more optimism
about the potential for blind people to use GUI applications?
     I think, to understand why my speech turned out as it did,
you have to be aware of the context in which it was presented and
the audience I was attempting to address. As you know, the Second
U.S./Canada Conference on Technology for the Blind brought
together people from four groups: leaders from the field of work
with the blind, leaders from organizations of the blind, leaders
from companies manufacturing or marketing specialized technology
for the blind, and representatives from the principal computer
companies in private industry having a major effect upon the
ability of blind people to use commercial software (i.e., IBM and
Microsoft). Because of the diverse nature of the group, it was
difficult for me to come up with points that would mean the same
thing to everybody. I wanted to shake up the rehabilitation
professionals--to stop them from wallowing in DOS-based solutions
for their blind clients. I wanted to send a message to private
industry to the effect that today the GUI is still a problem for
the blind, despite Screen Reader/2. I wanted to make the point
that access to the GUI is not a matter to be considered once and
then forgotten; it is something that must be considered each and
every time a new operating system or application is developed.
     I readily admit that at the time my speech was written I
knew next to nothing about how to run a GUI platform. When I
wrote my speech, I was getting a constant stream of queries from
blind people around the country who were concerned that their
jobs were on the line because of conversions to a graphical
platform or application. The platform most frequently mentioned
was Windows. I had no current and specific information from
knowledgeable, articulate blind people (such as you) about the
ability of OS/2 and Screen Reader/2 to provide real access to
such software as Word for Windows or (in your case) Framemaker
for Windows. I was thinking in terms of the average blind
computer user--one who could not get early releases of software
from IBM, who knew nothing about the differences between DOS and
an operating system using the GUI, and who was told to convert to
Windows but not to OS/2.
     I do recall that in 1990 and 1991 prototypes of Screen
Reader/2 were demonstrated at NFB and other conventions. I
remember going to a Wednesday afternoon demonstration of Screen
Reader/2 at the Charlotte convention in 1992. Because the 1990
and 1991 demonstrations were of prototypes, available only to a
limited set of individuals, I did not regard them as having much
significance in the overall scheme of things. It was perhaps
because of this perception that I did not mention them in my
speech. The 1992 demonstration was quite another matter, as you
know. By then Screen Reader/2 was a viable product, soon to be
available generally. That, I felt, was worth mentioning in my
speech. And while we are on the subject, I did not actually say
that the Charlotte demonstration was the first time IBM had ever
demonstrated Screen Reader/2. My exact words were, "At the 1992
convention of the National Federation of the Blind, IBM
demonstrated its screen reading system for the graphical OS/2
Presentation Manager." Although this statement fails to make note
of the 1990-91 prototype demonstrations, it was never meant to
imply that IBM had done nothing in this area until 1992.
     You say that the over-all tone of my remarks was negative
and pessimistic. I would prefer to think of the tone as
realistic. As you say, you have been using Screen Reader/2 and
OS/2 Presentation Manager since the beginning of 1991. You have
doubtless had access to Screen Reader developers, OS/2 support
personnel, and perhaps even some intensive training. With all of
these resources to help you, how could you not feel positive
about the GUI and your ability to develop and use applications
built around it?
     On the other hand, I and a growing number of other blind
people are only now beginning to use GUI operating systems and
applications. In my case, although I am fortunate to have contact
with some key IBM people such as Jim Thatcher, I found that I was
not getting enough day-to-day help to understand the intricacies
of this new graphical operating system, OS/2. No one where I
worked could tell me how to manipulate objects on the OS/2
desktop without a mouse, not to mention learning about Screen
Reader/2. I was continually frustrated by the fact that the
documentation, even though it was online, provided very little
in-depth information about how everything worked together.
Installing a simple DOS application (WordPerfect 5.1) would have
been far more difficult if I had followed the instructions in the
OS/2 User's Guide. In the end it became necessary for me to
arrange to receive a week's training from Frank DiPalermo, a
Screen Reader/2 consultant. Fortunately for me, my employer was
more than willing to pay for the training. How many other blind
people do you suppose will find themselves in exactly the fix I
was in? Quite a few, I would bet. How many of them will be as
fortunate as I was? I simply don't know.
     I think that it is also important to point out here that
OS/2 is not the only graphically-based system that has created
concern among blind computer users and professionals. More and
more blind people want to know when a commercial access product
will be available for X Windows applications. I have received
complaints from frustrated blind Macintosh users who tell me that
Berkeley Systems is diminishing its support for the outSPOKEN
program. Do these problems cause me to be negative and
pessimistic? I prefer to think of them as helping me to be
"concerned." As you say, blind people still face challenges
accessing the graphical user interface. Screen Reader/2 is one
solution to the problem, but it is by no means the only
solution--nor should it be.
     Screen Reader/2 and OS/2 are fine systems in their own
right. Together they provide access to a wide variety of GUI
applications. This is the message I have been communicating to
blind people in a variety of forums. I chose not to promote
Screen Reader/2 quite so heavily in my speech because I was
attempting to communicate a different message. If you feel that I
was not as positive about Screen Reader/2, OS/2, and IBM in my
speech as you might have liked, I can only say that I have had
other opportunities to demonstrate my support in ways that you
may not know. For example, on behalf of the NFB in Computer
Science a few months ago I wrote a letter of support for the
Screen Reader project when I learned that it was being
re-examined by IBM top management. I circulated the letter quite
widely and caused other blind people to write letters of their
own.
     Under separate cover I will be shipping you an electronic
copy of my speech as an ASCII text file. Feel free to circulate
it to other blind GUI users or to anyone else you think would be
interested in reading it. When you solicit reactions to the
speech, I hope you will keep in mind what I have said here.

                                                       Cordially,
                                          Curtis Chong, President
             National Federation of the Blind in Computer Science

                           __________
                                                   April 12, 1994

Dear Curtis:
     Thanks for letting me see your exchange with Chris Chaltain.
I have a few additional comments growing out of my status as an
amateur and lay user. Neither of you can claim this status.
     As I understand it, the theoretical benefits of GUI are
twofold: first, the GUI allows faster and more versatile use of
computers. And second, it allows more transparent use of a
computer through manipulation of intuitively obvious icons--that
is, allowing the computer to appear less like a computer and more
like a tool to get the job done. Chris actually addresses only
the first issue, versatility and efficiency.
     For the able, dedicated (and usually vocational) blind
computer user, access to the GUI as Chris describes it is now
possible (although not necessarily ideal). As you point out, the
choices for the blind user are much more limited than for the
sighted user. However, I don't think that this is the real
problem.
     When starting to use a GUI application, the sighted user's
learning curve is just plain faster than it would be for a blind
person. As I understand it, GUI uses obvious visual prompts and
pictures to guide a user intuitively through the desired tasks.
The theory is that the sighted user of a GUI system can become
comfortable and productive with the software much more quickly
than would be the case with a program using plain text. Moreover,
the commands that a sighted person has to use can be displayed on
the screen through the use of pull-down menus that are simple and
intuitive to access. There is also the indisputable fact that a
sighted person can learn at a glance (and does not have to
remember) how windows and other elements on the graphical screen
are laid out. Then there is the mouse. GUI applications make
extensive use of this device. Sighted users click the mouse on
icons and other items on the screen or move them from place to
place by dragging them with the mouse. A sighted person using a
mouse can tell at a glance where items are being moved and what
item is being clicked on.
     The blind person who needs to use a GUI application is
operating at a disadvantage from the word go. In addition to
learning everything that the sighted person has to learn, the
blind user must learn how to make the speech- or Braille-access
program (assuming it exists) do what is wanted. Also the blind
person has to find other ways to do what a sighted person can do
intuitively and at a glance with the mouse.
     To put it plainly, for the sighted, commands and tasks are
standardized, simplified, and speeded up through the use of a GUI
application; for us the steps you go through to find out what is
available, what is wanted, and how to do it are often varied,
complicated, and not very well understood by those who use sight
to work with GUI programs.
     You make this point in a different way. Many of us blind
users don't have the skill you have; many of us don't have the
persistence you have; most of us don't have an employer who will
pay for a week's training. The sighted user doesn't need this
kind of specialized training, but a blind person very well might
because of the inherently visual nature of the GUI. This may be
dismissed as merely the problems of software development for and
skill development by the blind. But GUI in all its forms is a
sufficiently large barrier that it has come close to shutting a
lot of us out of computers. The other point, however, remains.
For a sighted user, as I understand it, the use of GUI
facilitates speed and versatility; for the blind user without
programmer-level training and experience and without support in
this specific context, the GUI can still close out access to the
computer. This includes most of us.
     Here is the point that I really want to make. While nothing
that Chris says is inaccurate, he needs to take into account the
larger perspective. I am a good example. I am a DOS user, not a
GUI user. I can understand the concept of a screen that is
twenty-five lines high by eighty characters wide. I can
understand enough about DOS to get the job done, and I can
understand what information needs to be conveyed by a screen-
reading program so that a blind person can use the computer
without sighted assistance. I do not need or want the added
complexity that use of the GUI would bring. In a small office I
need quick results. I need to be able to troubleshoot problems
immediately without having to call upon more technically
sophisticated computer people for assistance. I have to get the
work out now. I can't afford to allow GUI on the premises because
it would immediately throw us into a minimum of several weeks of
training for all staff (if you took one week, we would need much
more). And the software glitches for us would probably never end
since we don't have the time to learn all that we need to know to
assure us of competence before use. The responsibility for
running the system is mine, not that of my employees. I would
guess that a sighted user in my position with my knowledge and
ability could switch to GUI without difficulty--and most have.
That's the real problem.
     Chris says that any blind user who wants to learn the added
complexities can increase productivity and efficiency. Yes, but.
. . . He misses two things. First, his statement is not true
unless the blind user is working in a limited set of
environments, all of which are accessible in the way Chris
describes. And this assumes that new, inaccessible applications
are not introduced at the blind employee's work site (usually an
invalid assumption since new applications are released all the
time, and many of these may not be accessible). Second and more
important, the added complexity for us is now greater than for
sighted users. The gap in knowledge has widened. While the GUI
has made the lives of sighted computer users easier, it has made
ours a lot more complicated. Until someone figures out a way for
GUI-access technology to run everywhere and in as standardized a
way for blind users as for sighted users, then your "realism" is
the more accurate analysis. It can't be just one company or just
one application, and it can't be truly available without being as
readily available to us as it is to the sighted.
     Another way of making the same point involves the overall
job market today. For many, many entry-level jobs these days, a
successful applicant must be able to demonstrate that he or she
is familiar with and adept at using Windows, one of the most
widely-used GUI applications. Employers can be choosy and are.
They just don't hire anyone but able Windows users. That excludes
most blind applicants, not on the ground of blindness, but on the
ground of inaccessible software. We can't say in response to this
situation that any blind person who wants to can become adept.
That's just not the case right now. And pretending otherwise is
very much placing one's head firmly in the sand and piling more
on top.
     I knew that Chris was an early user of GUI prototypes, and I
was glad to know that competent blind users were in the testing
pattern. But happy and trouble-free use of software by Chris
doesn't make it readily usable by me. We need to solve the
problem for users like me before we have achieved the goal of
true access to the GUI. Despite IBM's stellar work, we haven't
reached that point. Partly that is inherent in the GUI itself;
partly it is because IBM is not the only company with a GUI
system. Let's keep at it.

                                                       Sincerely,
                                             Peggy Pinder Elliott
                      ____________________

                 TROUBLE AGAIN WITH CRUISE LINES
                    by Sheila Hall-Ritchhart

     From the Editor: How do you go about persuading people who
are used to providing services to the public that you do not
require extraordinary assistance and that the people around you
do not need protection from social contact with you just because
you are blind? Airline personnel are often afflicted with these
bizarre impulses, and so are maitres-d'hotel in exclusive
restaurants and many nurses, particularly those with bossy
dispositions. A cog slips somewhere, and suddenly considerateness
and concern are transformed into overblown fear for your safety
and anxiety lest bystanders be offended by contact with you or
the individual's employer be sued when you inevitably tumble down
the stairs or fall over an obstacle.
     Once such behavior has begun, there simply isn't any
reliable way of getting it stopped. A liberal application of cool
composure chilling to icy self-control is the only technique I
have found at all effective in restraining such exuberance. And
that works best when the encounter is short-lived. What is one to
do on a cruise ship for several days? What happens when it is
your honeymoon, and the crew harasses you with inappropriate
limitations on your movements and offers to help every time you
set out for any destination? Well, you can laugh with your
spouse, and you can maintain your integrity and independence, and
you can fantasize about or even seriously investigate the
possibility of undertaking some future action that would compel
these people to abandon their preconceptions and learn to respect
disabled people simply as human beings.
     Recently William and Sheila Hall-Ritchhart had such an
experience. Sheila is the President of the Student Division of
the NFB of Indiana, and she has had some experience with
university officials who are apparently incapable of treating a
blind person with innate and straightforward respect. (See the
July, 1993, issue of the Braille Monitor.) The following letter
recounts Sheila and William's most recent adventure. Here it is:

                                            Indianapolis, Indiana
                                                   April 11, 1994

Dear President Maurer:

     My husband William and I were married on March 12, and on
March 14 we took a cruise on the MS Southward for our honeymoon.
The discrimination and segregation that we experienced have
prompted me to write this letter.
     Our trouble began at the ship terminal in San Pedro Harbor,
Los Angeles. We were told that they planned to pre-board us so we
would not have to stand in line with the other passengers. We
refused this special treatment. We simply asked if they would
show us where we were to wait for boarding. The cruise official
agreed to our request but pre-boarded us anyway.
     The crew on board the MS Southward made our honeymoon almost
unbearable. Each and every time we left our cabin, used the
elevator, went up a flight of stairs, or rounded a corner, we
were stopped by one of the ship's staff. "What do you need?"
"Where are you going?" "Just let me take you there," they would
insist.
     We always refused their assistance. Both of us stressed to
the staff that, if and when we needed help, we would approach
them. Following our refusal, they always asked for our cabin
number and then walked away. It became a joke between my husband
and me that they were going to tell on us.
     Just minutes before a life boat drill our cabin steward came
to our cabin with a liability waiver for us to sign. We refused
to do so. He insisted that "people like you" had to sign. We
firmly refused, and we're proud to say that we completed the life
boat drill successfully on our own.
     On these cruises your life boat station is your dining room
seating assignment for dinner as well. At drill practice we were
at a table with two other couples in the center of the dining
room. When we went to dine that evening, we were seated at a
table for two just off the entrance to the room. We were the only
table for two in the entire room.
     At other functions, such as the captain's party, we were
also seated by ourselves. Meanwhile, other tables were being
filled with two and three sets of couples. There was no self-
seating. At first we thought that we had been seated alone
because we were honeymooners. At a party given for the twenty-
seven honeymoon couples sailing on the Southward, however, we
found out that we were the odd couple. Yes, we had the only table
for two.
     In spite of the fact that this ship did not appear to meet
any of the ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) standards, we
got around just fine on our own. We dressed nicely and
appropriately, were courteous and kind, and used good table
manners. Blind people are not all slobs--just as sighted people
are not all great dressers. We are just as civilized or
uncivilized as any sighted person. We walked along the beach in
Catalina, went on a three-mile fitness walk in San Diego, and
went shopping in Ensa§ada, Mexico. While on board the Southward,
we went to shows, danced, and even gambled in the casino. Blind
people are just as romantic, just as fit, just as greedy, and
just as fun-loving as any sighted person.
     I'm quite certain that being blind is not an ingredient in
making lousy dinner companions. Table sixty-two in the center of
the room must have been boring without us.
     My husband and I really want to do something to educate the
crew of the MS Southward. We have a great idea. We want to book a
cruise on the MS Southward with as many Federationists as
possible. My husband and I are willing to do most of the
organizing to make this work. But we would like help and support
from the Federation in recruiting people to go on the cruise.
     When we went aboard the Southward, they thought of us as
helpless and ignorant. The day we left to go home, they told us
we were amazing, exceptional, and simply inspirational. This
really bothered us, because words like "amazing" and
"exceptional" are defined as "out of the ordinary or apart or
aside from the norm." We believe that being independent and self-
sufficient are normal characteristics of blind people.
     It is hard to express how angry we felt every time we were
called amazing, but it is important to remember that people who
are patronizing towards the blind usually are so because of lack
of education. This conviction kept us more or less calm and
always civil. Perhaps, after sailing with the National Federation
of the Blind, the crew will exchange its pity for genuine and
appropriate respect.
     Since the beginning of our relationship, I have talked to
William about joining the Federation. He said that he was not
much of a joiner but would be supportive of my involvement. As a
result of our experiences, however, he is now ready to join. He
will attend his first convention this coming July.

                                                 Sincerely yours,
                                     Sheila and William Ritchhart

                           __________

     What follows is the relevant information about the Norwegian
Cruise Line's policies concerning disabled people, taken from the
material that Sheila Hall-Ritchhart sent to President Maurer:

     What if I have a medical condition or physical disability?
Some ships have staterooms designed for people with physical
disabilities. Please check ship deck plans for details.
     Any medical condition or physical disability that may
require special attention or treatment must be reported to our
Passenger Courtesy Department when your reservation is made.
     NCL has the right to revoke passage to anyone who, in its
judgment, is in physical or mental condition unfit for travel or
who may require care beyond that which NCL can provide. Whenever
possible, though, special arrangements will be made.
     NCL reserves the right to deny participation in certain
activities such as dive-in snorkeling, paddle boats, sailboats,
and the like, based on past or present medical conditions. For
questions about eligibility, please contact our Passenger
Courtesy Department.
     All passengers with a disability must be self-sufficient and
should travel with a passenger who will provide any assistance
needed during the cruise and in the event of an emergency.
     Physically impaired passengers and their companions must
sign a statement releasing NCL of any and all responsibility
associated with their disability relative to their ability to use
shipboard facilities and in the event of any emergency.

     There is nothing in these policies to suggest that the
Ritchharts should have expected the treatment they received. As
Sheila said in her letter to President Maurer, they would like to
explore the possibility of organizing a group of blind people to
travel on this ship to demonstrate that the Ritchharts are not
the only competent and independent blind people in the country
and to educate the crew in ordinary courtesy to blind passengers.
If you are interested in joining the Ritchharts in this enjoyable
exercise in public education, contact them at 1523 N. Linwood
Avenue, Indianapolis, Indiana 46202; or call (317) 322-9979.

                      ____________________

             BEING BLIND IS NOT THE END OF THE WORLD
                       by Stephen Laughrey

     From the Editor: Stephen Laughrey is the Executive Director
of the Braille Service Center in Louisville, Kentucky. He is also
First Vice President of the Louisville Chapter of the National
Federation of the Blind of Kentucky and Diabetic Coordinator for
the affiliate. But three years ago he thought his world had come
to an end. Because of his sudden blindness, he had lost his well-
paid job, and he was convinced that there was nothing more for
him to do with the remainder of his life. Here is his story as he
tells it:

     After a long battle which began in 1983, I finally became
blind on February 21, 1991. In 1983 I was diagnosed as having
contracted a disease called Histoplasmosis, which affects either
the small blood vessels in the eyes or the respiratory system. In
my case it affected my eyes. About a year later I was diagnosed
as having diabetic retinopathy. The combination was the
equivalent of an atom bomb waiting to explode. I went through a
series of operations and laser treatments until finally there was
nothing else to do to stop the inevitable outcome.
     After finally becoming blind, I spent some time engaging in
pity parties, wondering why I had been chosen to be blind. I soon
realized that my situation wasn't going to change and that I had
two choices: I could continue feeling sorry for myself and being
unproductive, or I could get up, brush myself off, and get the
training I needed in order to live a full, enjoyable, and
productive life. That last is exactly what I decided to do, and
it was certainly the correct decision.
     Prior to becoming blind, I was a very determined and
productive person. I was successful in my position with a
building materials company in Fort Myers, Florida. I was involved
in marketing and contractor sales. The year I started with the
company our annual sales were nine million dollars. Twelve years
later, when I left because of my blindness,  our annual sales
were thirty-five million. I was proud to know that I had played a
major part in the success of the company, not to mention the
monetary rewards I received along the way. I wanted what I had
lost to become a part of my life once again. I didn't know how I
was going to accomplish this task, but I knew I was willing to
work hard to find a purpose in life and to learn to function as a
competent blind person. Once I had accepted the fact of my
blindness, I found that I had defeated the major obstacle in my
path to an independent life. Thus began my quest. I was willing
to face each challenge that came, knowing that it would not be
easy.
     Now came the task of finding the right educational program
to rehabilitate me. I started contacting rehabilitative service
centers and making appointments to visit them. The ones I saw had
a hospital atmosphere that I wanted no part of. I became
frustrated because I had hoped to find a center that did not
subscribe to the sympathetic, hand-holding style of ministering
to poor, helpless blind people. There was no room in my life for
such ideas.
     Living in Florida at the time, I had not met any blind
people except those at the centers I had visited. I needed to
find a place to buy a timepiece. I had heard that talking watches
were on the market, and I was getting tired of asking other
people for the time. My sister was looking through the phone book
for places to call and came upon the listing for the Citrus
Center for the Blind. She immediately called and asked where I
could make my purchase. They directed her to the proper place and
at the same time told her that they would like to meet me
whenever I was available.
     Two days later I found myself at the Center, where I had the
opportunity to tour the facility. First I was given a white cane
and then introduced to different types of technology. This
excited me, and I wanted to see more. It was a teaching facility
with classes in reading and writing Braille, mobility, computer
literacy, and daily-living skills. I was like a kid in a candy
shop. I recognized immediately that this Center was where I
wanted to spend the free time I had acquired since becoming
blind. After attending the Center for about two weeks, I was
approached by the Director, who explained that the Center was too
small and my hunger for knowledge and independence were too great
for this small facility to give me the proper training. I was
then told about the Louisiana Center for the Blind. Joanne Wilson
was the director. As soon as I got home that afternoon, I called
Joanne. She told me how to become a student at the Louisiana
Center for the Blind.
     In September of 1991 I became a student at the Louisiana
Center. We learned social skills, cane travel, Braille, typing,
and daily-living skills. Students maintained their two-bedroom
apartments, did grocery shopping and laundry, and prepared meals.
Classes lasted from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through
Friday. While at the Center I also had the opportunity to
participate in mountain climbing, rock climbing, white water
rafting, water skiing, canoeing, swimming, and fishing. These may
sound like pretty demanding activities, but to me they were the
greatest confidence-builders I could have hoped to receive. Each
weekend there was a new experience, such as going to Texas to the
largest flea market in the United States. One of the most
memorable experiences was attending Mardi Gras in New Orleans. I
assure you that, if you can travel in that chaos, you can travel
anywhere! Learning that truth was the whole purpose of the trip.
I truly believe that on that trip I gained more confidence in my
ability to travel using a white cane than at any other time
during my months at the Center. I am proud to say that I am a
graduate of the Louisiana Center for the Blind.
     I remember the first day I walked into Miss Ruth's kitchen
at the Center, saying to myself, "What in the world am I doing
here? I can't even boil water." But before leaving the Center, I
successfully prepared an entire meal for forty and served it to
the staff and students.
     One day during travel class we went on a bus drop in
Alexandria. It was a cold, rainy day, and I was the first one out
of the van. I began looking for a bus stop. We did not know that
the staff had been given incorrect information about bus routes.
I soon became lost because I was on a street that had no buses
going to the mall. It was a great experience! I had to use every
technique that I had ever learned in order to get to my final
destination. Getting lost often makes you a better traveler. I
have had similar experiences since leaving the Center, and I am
now certain that I will forever remain a confident and
independent cane traveler.
     I can't tell you how important it was for me to learn how to
read and write Braille. Not only do I use Braille in my daily
work, but I also set aside an hour a day for leisure reading.
This helps me to increase speed and comprehension. I will never
forget the first time I was able to read a story from the McDuffy
Reader. It was quite emotional. If I had not been a proficient
Braille reader when I graduated from the Center, I doubt that I
would have the job I have today.
     I shudder to think what my life would be like had I not had
the good fortune to attend the Louisiana Center for the Blind.
While attending the Center, I was introduced to the National
Federation of the Blind, and I am proud to be a dedicated
Federationist. I have had the opportunity to meet and make many
new blind friends.
     When I first went to the Center, I was full of indecision,
wondering what the future held for me as a blind person. I wanted
to get back into the work place in order to serve the blind and
educate the sighted. Today all of my hopes and dreams have come
true. I am now employed as Executive Director of the Braille
Service Center in Louisville, Kentucky, and I have many
opportunities to speak about the abilities of blind people.
Achieving what I have has taken a lot of hard work and
determination on my part, but it also took commitment from those
who believe in equality and the right of blind people to live a
normal, productive life in today's society, full of confidence,
pride, and independence.
     Not a day goes by that I don't pick up the freedom bell I
was given when I graduated and remember the time that I spent at
the Louisiana Center for the Blind. Being blind is not the end of
the world. For me in many ways it was the beginning. My life is
full of meaning and purpose, serving the blind and educating the
sighted. The Louisiana Center for the Blind will always have a
special place in my heart. In many ways my life began in
September of 1991 when I enrolled at the Louisiana Center. The
gift that I received there is being given to students today in
the NFB centers in California, Colorado, Minnesota, and a small
handful of other adult rehabilitation facilities which are
conducted in accord with the philosophy of the National
Federation of the Blind. We can all be grateful for the work of
the instructors in these excellent programs.
                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Portrait. CAPTION: Lauren Eckery.]

                       THE BIRTHDAY PARTY
                       by Lauren L. Eckery

     From the Editor: The following article first appeared in The
Freedom Bell, the second in the Kernel series of paperback books
published by the National Federation of the Blind. It begins with
Dr. Jernigan's introductory note. Here it is:

     What happens when a small sighted child is constantly told
by her preschool teachers and the parents of other children that
her blind mother and father are not capable of functioning as
competently as other parents? How does she resolve the conflict
of seeing her mother and father living normal lives on a daily
basis and then having others tell her (both by word and act) that
it isn't so? These are the issues raised in the following article
by Laurie Eckery. Here is how she tells it:

     When my daughter Lynden was two years old, I was pleased
with the child care setting she was in. Since I spent weekly two-
hour sessions at the preschool, the other children had a chance
to see me, Lynden's mother, as an ordinary adult who happened to
be blind.
     The director had become a good friend and was happy to have
me at the preschool--not just to sing with the children but also
to give them an education about blindness. I trusted that Lynden
was in good hands. I trusted a friend who knew and understood
about blindness from my example.
     When Lynden was two, I did not take her to preschool on a
regular basis. If she missed out on some of the activities at
school, it was purely due to her sporadic attendance--or was it?
She was too young to know or care that the rest of the children,
on a certain day, were dressed in western outfits or that the
rest of the children had brought paper valentines to pass out--
everyone but Lynden. I let it pass; she was too young. I
suspected a problem but didn't want to be labeled as "paranoid,"
and I reasonably expected that Lynden would eventually tell me
about special occasions coming up at school. No problem.
     Last fall, when Lynden was four and a half and "River City
Roundup" was happening all around Omaha, we bought her a western
outfit that could double as a Halloween costume. It was pretty
enough to be worn anytime. When I asked which day the children
would be dressing up for "River City Roundup," the director
informed me that she hadn't decided--that she would let me know.
     One day Lynden came home in tears. "Mommy, the other kids
weared western clothes, and you didn't let me wear mine." I told
her that no one had informed me that this was the day for such
clothing to be worn. She was angry because she was convinced that
I "should have known." Could she trust me as much after that?
     When Valentine's Day rolled around, once again I asked to be
informed as to when the children would be exchanging cards.
Lynden piped up, "I'll tell you, Mommy." The director assured me
that she would tell me. I bought cards, typed them up, and had
them ready in early February. The night before the day, Lynden
announced that she would be taking the cards tomorrow. Only
because I was beginning to understand that the preschool
director, my friend, "was a little scatter-brained" was I able to
stay on top of this situation. Still, I was not particularly
angry.
     In March Lynden had a birthday--her fifth. She wanted to
have Amanda, her best friend--the preschool director's soon-to-be
adopted child--over for the birthday celebration at Showbiz Pizza
Place. We invited her. Three days before the party, when we had
not been given a definite answer, I made one of the most
frightening but also one of the most real phone calls of my life.
     The director's reason for not answering the request was that
she didn't know if the girls would behave in such a noisy place.
She stated in no uncertain terms that the only way that Amanda
could come was if they dropped her off at Showbiz and one of them
stayed. Suddenly it was apparent to me that I was expected to be
as obedient and as much under her control as the preschool
children she supervised each week. I was at a turning point at
which I could either choose to back off and say, "That would be
fine," or to do as I did.
     I asked if they were worried about our blindness. At first
there was total denial. When it came down to the details, though,
she was afraid to have us walk the children home for fear that
Amanda, who was not "trained to obey us like Lynden is," would
run off; that she might dart into the street while we waited for
the bus, and we wouldn't see it happening; that we might lose the
girls on the way from the bus to Showbiz, and "How could you keep
track of them in that noisy place?"
     When I explained, she stated that I was being defensive, not
caring about the concerns of other people and risking the
children's safety just to make a point. I said that I had a right
to ˛defend˛ our position and that she could choose whether that
was really behaving defensively or not.
     She said that she had no idea that I was so "angry about
being blind," that she had been so proud of me for the way "I
handled it with the kids." She eventually stated that she thought
Jerry and I should learn our limitations, just as everyone else
does, for Lynden's sake if not for our own; that we were deluding
ourselves if we thought we could function as independently as
sighted people. I was horrified to hear her say, "And you know
that Lynden is going to know the difference. She's going to
understand that she can't have friends over without parental
supervision like other children do because of your limitations.
She won't be angry about it, because she will understand." I
answered that Lynden would be puzzled and indeed angry when other
people (teachers, other children's parents, etc.) decide for us
that she and/or her blind parents "have to do things
differently," when she is going to know from living with us daily
for all the years of her childhood that such limitations are
unnecessary. She may even begin to think that there is something
wrong with her because she's being consistently left out of
normal activities.
     At length I told her that I thought the whole situation
boiled down to a matter of trust, to which she immediately
replied, "Laurie, I trust you implicitly!" She explained that she
could tell when children came from less than desirable parenting
and that she would hold me up as an example of one of the best
parents in the neighborhood; that she was proud of the way that
Jerry and I were carefully teaching Lynden, taking her places,
keeping her dressed neatly, and so forth; and that she knew we
loved her.
     It was difficult for me to believe that I really could not
trust this "friend," and she could not believe that I thought she
did not trust me. I said, "When someone says to me on the one
hand that they trust me implicitly but on the other hand will not
allow their child to be with us without sighted supervision,
something doesn't fit."
     My stomach turned at the thought of how I, with my unusual
amount of assertiveness, had probably changed the direction of
our relationship forever. I would probably lose a good friend; I
had "caused" trouble between Lynden and her best friend. Would I
be forced to put Lynden in another preschool? I realized quickly
through my panic that the problem wouldn't be solved in this way.
It was more likely that this same kind of situation would occur
again and again. I could not trust as implicitly as I had trusted
previously, but Lynden's education at this preschool had, up to
now, been excellent. But if the director couldn't see blindness
for what it really is any more clearly even after observing it,
what other blind spots might there be in Lynden's education
there?
     Much as I might have wished for it, there is no such thing
as the perfect school setting for Lynden or for any other child.
I knew, therefore, that I had to solve the problem. I decided
that the next time Lynden is asked to Amanda's, she will be
allowed to go only if I or her father goes along. Will the
director and her husband squirm? Will they be angry? Time will
tell.
     We thought things had blown over by the time Lynden enrolled
in dance class with several other children. However, on one
occasion she was kept from going to dance class because she had a
rash. Although we had paid for this class, we were not consulted
about this decision. Later Lynden did not inform us of her
recital. Neither did the preschool.
     The night before the recital, at 9:30 p.m. with no chance
for us to invite friends along, the director called us, realizing
that "we might not know about it." The children were to have
brought a letter home from the dance class. We did not get
Lynden's letter. Thinking that Lynden had accidentally forgotten
it, I asked her about the letter. I was informed that the letters
had all been taken away from them at preschool and given to the
parents later. We attended the recital, knew very little about
Lynden's dancing, and I really began to wonder if I was being
deprived because of my blindness. At home I cried about what I
had missed.
     The next day when I asked Lynden why she didn't tell us more
about her dancing, she said, "You can't see." Suddenly I realized
that lately she had begun to play tricks on us and to get very
angry. I realized that she was angry about our blindness. She was
also feeling that we missed out on her dance. We learn from our
mistakes. When I mentioned this last situation to a friend in the
National Federation of the Blind, he cleared up my own doubts
about my blindness by asking, "Did you have Lynden show you what
she was learning?" No, we had not gotten down on the floor to
have her show us.
     When I explained to Lynden that we missed out on her dance,
not because we couldn't see, but because we had not asked her to
show us what she was doing, she was immediately relieved. She
gleefully showed us the entire dance routine, taking on the role
of the dance instructor. It was hilarious, entertaining, and
enlightening. Suddenly it appeared that she understood that we
could be trusted, that we didn't necessarily not know what was
going on just because we can't see. Her general behavior was back
to normal.
     I know that we will have to deal with other situations
similar to these. I know that I must be wiser than to trust even
good friends when it comes to dealing with issues of blindness,
and I know that I must trust my own knowledge and stand by it. I
know that Lynden will be confused for some time, but I hope that
someday she will read what I have written and will be reminded of
what she said to me when she was not quite five years old:
"Mommy, I wish you could see."
     Oh, dear, I thought. Not a pity party from my own kid!
"Lynden, what would be different if I could see?" I inquired.
"'Cause then, Mommy, people wouldn't talk to you like you were a
kid."
                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Michael Gosse stands at NFB National Convention podium microphone.
CAPTION: Dr. Michael Gosse.]

              REFLECTIONS OF AN ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
                        by Michael Gosse

     From the Editor: Dr. Michael Gosse has been a committed
Federationist since he received an NFB scholarship in 1985. He
served as President of the Connecticut affiliate for several
years, but last year, after completing his Ph.D. in electrical
engineering at Lehigh University in Pennsylvania, he accepted a
job in Maryland with Atlantic Aerospace Electronics Corporation.
At the 1993 Convention of the National Federation of the Blind he
described the way in which he got his job and a little of what he
does. This is what he had to say:

     Earlier in the week my voice started to go a little bit, and
I was concerned that I wasn't going to be able to speak this
afternoon. The reason I was having trouble with my voice was that
every time somebody mentions Pennsylvania, Connecticut, or
Maryland, of course I have to cheer.
     I am a computational electromagnetics scientist, whatever
that means. Hopefully, by the end of this talk, you'll at least
understand that probably you don't want to be one too. The man
who started this science a number of years ago--in fact it was
1875--was James Clerk Maxwell. In that year he published his
treatise on electricity and magnetism. I'm going to read to you
the first two sentences of his preface. "The fact that certain
bodies, when rubbed, tend to attract other bodies was known to
the ancients. In modern times a great variety of other phenomena
have been observed and are related to the phenomenon of
attraction." I wonder how many copies of that book he sold to
people who didn't read past that point.
     In our company we work in general on electronic warfare.
What that means is that you're a lot better off in the Army or
the Air Force or the Navy or the Marines if the enemy cannot find
you or communicate amongst themselves. Being good at electronic
warfare means you save the lives of not only your own people, but
also those of the enemy. I consider this to be a good thing, and
it is how I justify my job.
     I started out in electrical engineering at the age of six. I
had an odd father. I don't know whether he ever learned a bedtime
story or not, but when he would come up to tuck me in to bed, he
would say, "Now Michael, you have a five-volt source and a five-
ohm resistor. The current times the resistance is equal to the
voltage; what's the current?" And I would guess, of course. The
only number I knew was one, and it was the correct answer. The
problems progressed until I was through high school. They kicked
me out of electronics class my sophomore year because I had
already mastered all of the material through senior year. When
you start at the age of six, you have a bit of a jump.
     In college I tried to be something other than an electrical
engineer. I tried to study chemical engineering and go on to
physics for a Ph.D., but the bias was just too strong. I ended up
in electrical engineering. And since I wanted to get a Ph.D., in
May [of 1992] I actually received the degree. Then I proceeded to
look for a job in the worst economy that we have seen in a long
time. In ten years of post-secondary school I couldn't have
picked a worse time to graduate. The nine-month period that I
looked for a job was challenging and interesting. I interviewed
for a number of positions.
     I'd like to tell you how I landed this position. I was at
the 1993 Washington Seminar and got a call on my answering
machine in Pennsylvania from Atlantic Aerospace, and I
immediately called them back, and we chatted about some technical
things--can you use a computer? I said I preferred not to. I told
them I was down in the Washington area, which is where the
company is located, and I'd be glad to stop by and talk with
them. They were a little busy. They had a trip to Advanced
Research Projects Administration (ARPA) planned.  I said, "I'm
down here with the National Federation of the Blind, and we're
meeting with Congressmen this week, talking about legislative
issues. I'll be here through Wednesday." We tried to schedule an
interview for Wednesday afternoon, but of course a number of us
were planning to go to New York for the hearing in the New York
law suit, and I wanted to be a part of that. I told them that I
would be leaving for the National Center on Wednesday afternoon.
     They said "Call us sometime on Thursday, and maybe we can
work something out for Friday." So on the road to New York, I
went to a pay phone and called and heard, "No, we can't schedule
anything. We'll be in touch with you."
     I said, "We're in New York for this hearing for the National
Federation of the Blind, and I'll be going to New Hampshire after
that." When I got there, I called them again. I said that I was
now in New Hampshire. We had a long, technical interview this
time. We talked about the finite element technique for solving
magnetic problems. I told them that I'd done it before; then I
went and looked it up. Towards the end of the conversation he
said, "You know, you keep mentioning that you've been doing
activities with the National Federation of the Blind; are you
involved in that organization?"
     I said, "You could say that. I am the Connecticut affiliate
president." (Of course, I hadn't spent any of this time in
Connecticut.)
     Then he said, "Do you have a dog or a cane?"
     I said, "Yes, I have a cane."
     He said, "Well I suppose you wouldn't have to go to any
conferences on your own."
     And I said, "Hold on a second here. I called you in
Washington, D.C.; I talked to you when I was on my way to New
York City; now I'm in New Hampshire. How do you think that I got
to all these places?"
     I was on the plane for an on-site interview the next week. I
had my worst interview ever because I was sick at the time. I
just kept telling them that I was sick and that I really wasn't
thinking straight, but it was apparently a successful interview.
They contacted my advisor, and he said that I had done all this
stuff in computational electromagnetics before, backing me up on
that one. I appreciated that. I ended up getting snowed in in
Baltimore, and you can imagine how much of a tragedy it was,
having to spend time with my friends around Baltimore! Before I
got home, I had a job offer. [applause]
     They wanted me right away, so I took a week to wrap up some
business for the Connecticut affiliate and headed to the
Washington area.
     The job I ended up working on at Atlantic Aerospace is the
computation of the radar cross section of a radome. I am in the
antenna design group. Antennas come in all shapes and sizes. If
you stick an antenna on an aircraft and you don't cover it with
something and you go Mach II, that antenna is going to be left
somewhere behind you because it will just get blown right off the
aircraft. Additionally, antennas are good at picking
electromagnetic waves out of the air. Light is made up of
electromagnetic waves. They come in a great variety of
frequencies, like color. An antenna picks these electromagnetic
waves out of the air. It also has the job of transmitting them
into the air. As a result of these two processes, if you send an
electromagnetic wave at an antenna, it reflects a larger
electromagnetic wave, which means that, if you're the enemy, you
can find an antenna very easily--it has a large radar cross-
section. So you have two reasons why you want to hide this
antenna: one is that it will blow off the aircraft, and the other
is that it appears very large on a radar screen. So you put a
plastic bubble over it. But the plastic bubble also has a large
radar cross section, and nobody really understands--it's all
Maxwell's fault. Nobody really understands how to design radomes
very well. It's a black art.
     So they said, "Mike, we need a computer program to analyze
these electromagnetic waves that scatter from a radome." I worked
for a couple of weeks on some theories and did some computations
on how long it would take a computer to solve this problem. For
example, it would take a Cray computer, which is very fast, let's
say one gigaflop (one billion floating point operations per
second), about one year to solve any problem of interest. I was
beginning to fear for my job! I thought nobody would want to
invest that much time in such a project. But since I've been
working on this problem, through some mathematical tricks I have
gotten the problem down to one that would maybe take a week to
do. Somebody might be willing to wait around a week for the
answer, so I feel that my job is safe for now. I am not certain,
however, that it will last all that long. We need faster
computers. That's all there is to it. But my job is safe for now.
I hope to get a couple of publications out of it. And, of course,
once I have a few publications to show for my work, what do you
think I'm going to do? Go back to school--hopefully as a teacher
this time. So it's a pleasure being in Maryland now, and I thank
you for your attention.

                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Carla McQuillan sits on the floor with her hands on number flash
cards, teaching a little girl. CAPTION: Carla McQuillan, President of the
National Federation of the Blind of Oregon, takes a hands-on approach to
teaching.]

                      EDUCATION WITH VISION
                       by Annie Capestany

     From the Editor: Carla McQuillan is the President of the
National Federation of the Blind of Oregon. Those who attend NFB
conventions know she also sings Irish ballads and other folk
songs, accompanied by her guitar. They may not know that she is a
Montessori teacher who operates her own business in Springfield,
Oregon. The following is a story that appeared in the Springfield
News, April 13, 1994. It speaks for itself; here it is:

     Carla McQuillan is not just a preschool teacher. She is a
spellbinder.
     McQuillan holds a bachelor's degree in teaching children
through the art of storytelling. To some traditionalists her
skills may sound about as central to basic education as a course
in Navaho basket weaving.
     Stories are a great teaching tool, McQuillan argues. But
that wasn't her only motivation in studying them.
     McQuillan is legally blind.
     Most people don't believe McQuillan is vision-impaired. Her
blue eyes are bright and clear, and they seem to look right at
the person who is speaking to her.
     The object of McQuillan's gaze appears only as a big blind
spot to her. Her only vision is peripheral. At its best it's only
20/200, compared to the 20/20 ideal.
     "I don't stumble over things," McQuillan says. "But I can't
read print."
     Despite her blindness McQuillan owns and operates
Springfield's only Montessori school, Children's Choice, which
opened on Main Street last September.
     One side of the schoolroom is filled with Montessori
materials: sorting games; carrots for peeling; number rods and
counting beads; bright blue, three-dimensional geometric shapes;
and even the school's binomial and trinomial cubes.
     The brightly colored cubes are a "concrete representation of
an algebraic expression," McQuillan explains. "Now we don't tell
the children that."
     Instead the preschoolers match colors and shapes to
reconstruct the cubes. In that way grade-school children can
absorb the abstract math formulas the cube represents.
     The other half of McQuillan's classroom is filled with more
typical preschool toys and a computer. An indoor play area takes
up part of the back of the building, and a grassy lawn is
available for sunny days.
     Although McQuillan works with an aide, she seems perfectly
capable of maintaining control on her own.
     "I know all the sounds of the materials in the classroom,"
she says. "I know when the kids are doing what they should be
doing and when they aren't.
     "There is a very different sound when something falls down
and when something is knocked down, believe me."
     While she cannot see the children's faces, McQuillan knows
their voices--and their cries.
     "I know from upstairs which kid is crying," she says.
     The school is built on the philosophy Maria Montessori first
developed in Italy. Learning is individualized, McQuillan says.
She strives to find just what each child needs in the way of
social, mental, and practical skills.
     "We want to teach the children how to think," she says, "how
to get from point A to point C, even if we don't tell them where
point B is."
     Montessori also taught that children are receptive to
learning certain skills at certain periods in their lives. For
example, she believed most children are best able to learn to
read between the ages of three and six.
     McQuillan says children in Montessori classrooms aren't
forced to learn. Rather they are invited and encouraged to learn
when they are ready.
     When learning does occur, it takes place on all sensory
levels, building from the concrete to the abstract.
     "The more senses you incorporate," she says, "the more
effective the learning is and the higher the retention level."
     Traditional schools rely on visual learning eighty percent
of the time, McQuillan says. Obviously that doesn't work for her,
and she believes it also is less effective for most children.
     Students in her classroom use many methods, including
sandpaper letters, to learn the alphabet. During a recent lesson
on soil and the earth, the children all went out and made mud
pies.
     And when it's time for a story, the children gather around
McQuillan in the reading corner, next to the bookshelf, where she
spins a tale of fun and fantasy, drawn from her imagination.

                      ____________________

[PHOTO: Jim Burton sits at his computer terminal. CAPTION: Jim Burton.]

                       HELPING SOCIETY SEE
                         by Kathy Berry

     From the Editor:  Jim Burton is an active member of the
National Federation of the Blind of Alaska. The following article
appeared in the Fall, 1993, issue of the Geophysical Institute
Quarterly, a publication of the University of Alaska at
Fairbanks:

     Although his vision is impaired, Jim Burton has developed
great insight into the hearts of people, especially those with
disabilities.
     As a man who once lived in a healthy body and is now dealing
with Usher Syndrome, Burton has overcome handicaps in all areas
of his life. As a result of the progressive disease, he's losing
his hearing and eyesight, but not his passion for helping others.
     Burton has been an active participant in federal and
statewide service organizations for years. He's a member of the
Board of Directors of the National Federation of the Blind of
Alaska, and he served on an Alaska committee to implement the
1973 Rehabilitation Act.
     Recently he was appointed by Governor Walter Hickel to a
two-year term on Alaska's Statewide Independent Living Council, a
group charged with setting up guidelines to govern the operation
and funding of independent living centers, organizations that
provide services for disabled people.
     "In broad terms, the centers work to help remove physical
barriers to transportation and access, and they help remove
mental barriers with education," Burton said.
     Although he wears hearing aids in both ears, is considered
legally blind, and walks with a white cane at night, Burton is
still able to volunteer in the local community. He has coached
youth football teams in Fairbanks since 1981 and serves on the
board of directors for the Fairbanks Youth Center.
     In his spare time he teaches classes at UAF's Downtown
Center, and he's writing a proposal to secure funds to train
disabled people in computer-aided design drafting, his line of
work. His aim is to help the newly disabled person get back into
a job as quickly as possible.
     As a computer drafting specialist with the Photo-Graphics
Service Center at the Geophysical Institute, Burton uses software
to help researchers draft and design tools associated with their
projects.
     "I work with anyone who has an idea," Burton said, "whether
they want to design instruments the size of a briefcase or as
large as a building."
     Since he started work at the institute in 1973, Burton has
helped professors design heavy equipment, an array of antennas,
special tools for cutting ice, and even a rail system for a
rocket launch at Poker Flat Research Range. He's reshaped
architectural drawings to conform to requests, and he's worked
with the institute machine shop to create models and true-sized
replicas of instruments needed for specific purposes. He's also
created maps, graphs, and line drawings of existing structures
for publication; he's currently producing a set of drawings of
the observatory in Kaktovik so rocket scientists visiting Poker
Flat can plan where to place their instruments without first
visiting the remote site.
     Burton works on the projects from a bank of computers in his
shared office, which is unusually dark to accommodate his
sensitivity to light and contains a clock that regularly
broadcasts the time. Since his disease was diagnosed in 1987, his
co-workers have made adjustments along with him.
     "I've been lucky concerning the support I've received," he
said. "Without the employer trying to make an effort, a newly
disabled employee doesn't have a chance."
     Nearly deaf since birth, he realized he also was losing his
eyesight only six years ago. His family, which includes Hanne,
his wife of twenty years, and his two sons, who are now college-
bound, helped him deal with the discovery. "When people become
newly disabled, the whole family has to change its way of life,"
Burton said.
     In learning to accept the things he's had to give up, Burton
has gained the respect and admiration of hundreds of people whose
lives he's touched.
     His life is a testimony to his passion. "The main thing is
to help all people, regardless of age or health, function fully
in society as freely as possible," he said.

                      ____________________

[PHOTOS: Portraits. CAPTIONS: 1) Gail Bryant. 2) Billie Weaver. 3) Carolyn
Scharkey. 4) Betty Walker.]

                             RECIPES

     This month's recipes come from the National Federation of
the Blind of Missouri.

                   MR. DELL'S POTATO CASSEROLE
                         by Rhoda Dower

     Gary Wunder, President of the NFB of Missouri, says of Rhoda
Dower: "She is the spiritual first lady of our Missouri affiliate
and one of our most outstanding fund raisers, hostesses, and
cooks. It is with gratitude and firsthand knowledge that many of
us can testify to her skill in the kitchen and her warmth as a
Federationist."

Ingredients:
2-pound bag frozen hash brown potatoes
1/2 cup butter
1 can cream of chicken soup, undiluted
1/2 cup milk
1 pint sour cream
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 chopped green pepper
2 cups cheddar cheese, shredded
2 cups cooked chicken breast

     Method: In a large bowl mix soup, milk, sour cream, green
pepper, and onions, adding salt and pepper to taste. Melt butter
in a 9-by-13-inch pan or dish. Spread one-half of the hash brown
potatoes in a layer across the pan, then add the chicken. Pour
one-half of the liquid mixture over the chicken and add half the
cheese. Top with a final layer of potatoes and the remaining
liquid. Sprinkle the remaining cheese over all. Bake at 350
degrees for 45 minutes. Serves 12. This recipe usually requires 5
or 6 boneless and skinless chicken filets.

               LOW-CHOLESTEROL, LOW-FAT MEAT LOAF
                         by Gail Bryant

     Gail Bryant is a long-time member of the Columbia Chapter of
the NFB of Missouri and, according to Gary Wunder, has probably
served as president of the Chapter longer than any other member.
"Gail is a tremendous cook, and her marriage to Ed has resulted
in the development of some excellent recipes which diabetics can
enjoy. Gail uses her knowledge of cooking and her Braille
cookbooks to help many of us find that special recipe." Her
husband Ed is the Editor of the Voice of the Diabetic:
                                
Ingredients:
 3/4 pound ground round
 3/4 pound ground turkey
1/2 cup regular oats
1 8-ounce can tomato puree
 1/4 cup chopped onion
2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley
1/2 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1/2 teaspoon salt (optional)
1/2 teaspoon black or lemon pepper (I prefer lemon)
1 clove garlic, finely chopped

     Method: Heat oven to 350 degrees. Mix all ingredients well.
Press mixture evenly into ungreased loaf pan, or use a 9-by-13-
inch pan, and shape into loaf. Cook uncovered 1 1/4 to 1´ hours,
or until center is no longer pink. Makes 8 servings. Exchange per
serving: 145 calories, 18 grams protein, 3 grams carbohydrates, 6
grams fat, 2 grams unsaturated fat, 4 grams saturated fat, 60
milligrams cholesterol, and 250 milligrams sodium. Great with a
salad and steamed vegetables.

                         LIVERWURST BALL
                        by Cletus Hentges

     Cletus Hentges is a long-time member of the Columbia Chapter
of the Missouri affiliate and was the husband of the late Mary
Lou Hentges. He has continued to be active in the Federation
since Mary Lou's death. Cletus has endowed a state scholarship in
her memory and is always helpful in getting members to meetings
and to speaking engagements featuring the Federation.


Ingredients:
2 pounds liverwurst
2 8-ounce packages cream cheese
1 teaspoon curry powder
1 envelope onion soup

     Method: Mix all ingredients together with hands and shape
into ball. Wrap tightly and refrigerate until time to use.

                      SWEET POTATO SOUFFLE
                        by Billie Weaver

     Billie Weaver is a psychologist, a long-time leader in the
Springfield Chapter, a former President of the National
Federation of the Blind of Missouri, and one of the most
respected members in the affiliate.

Ingredients:
3 cups cooked, mashed sweet potatoes
1 cup sugar
3 eggs
1/2 cup milk
4 tablespoons butter
1´ teaspoons vanilla
1 stick butter
1 cup brown sugar
1 cup chopped pecans

     Method: Combine first six ingredients and pour into a
buttered pan or oven-proof dish of appropriate size. For topping,
cream butter and brown sugar together, then fold in nuts. Spread
over the sweet potato mixture and bake for 20 minutes in a 350-
degree oven.

                       CAROLYN'S CREATION
                       by Carolyn Scharkey

     Carolyn Scharkey is the President of the NFB of Missouri's
Student Division, a member of the Mississippi Triangle Chapter,
and the recipient of both state and national NFB scholarships.
She is also a mother and a wonderful cook.

Ingredients:
3 cups cubed cooked ham
6 cups peeled cubed potatoes
1 cup peeled diced onions
1 cup finely chopped celery
1 cup peeled cubed apples
1 can cream of mushroom soup
1 8-ounce container sour cream
1/2 cup milk
6 slices American cheese

     Method: Lightly grease bottom and sides of 9-by-13-inch pan.
Mix together ham, potatoes, onions, celery, and apple. Combine
soup, sour cream, and milk and pour over the ham mixture in the
pan. Top with American cheese, cover with foil, and bake at 350
degrees for 45 minutes. Remove cover and brown for 15 minutes.

                     DUDLEY'S DOGGIE DONUTS
                         by Betty Walker

     Betty and David Walker are active members of the Jefferson
City Chapter of the NFB of Missouri. Undoubtedly more
Federationists attended their wedding than have ever attended any
other because it took place at the close of the Wednesday session
of the 1982 Convention in Minneapolis. They report that Dudley,
who is an American Water Spaniel, is indeed fond of these treats.
When he hears them mentioned, he runs to the kitchen and gazes
hopefully at the tin in which they are kept.

Ingredients:
2 cups whole wheat flour
3 tablespoons oatmeal
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 egg, slightly beaten
 2/3 cup boiling water
1 bouillon cube, any flavor

     Method: Dissolve bouillon cube in boiling water; set aside.
Mix together dry ingredients and stir in egg. Stir in bouillon
with fork until dough forms a ball. Turn dough onto lightly
floured surface; roll or press to about  1/4-inch thickness. Cut
with donut cutter. Gather together donut holes and scraps,
flatten again and cut more donuts. Place in microwaveable baking
dish, cook on high for 10 minutes. Donuts will harden as they
cool. Makes twenty donuts. If all donuts will not fit in baking
dish, place half in dish and microwave on high for seven minutes;
repeat with remaining half.

                 ******************************
     If you or a friend would like to remember the National
Federation of the Blind in your will, you can do so by employing
the following language:
     "I give, devise, and bequeath unto National Federation of
the Blind, 1800 Johnson Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21230, a
District of Columbia nonprofit corporation, the sum of $_____ (or
"_____ percent of my net estate" or "The following stocks and
bonds: _____") to be used for its worthy purposes on behalf of
blind persons."
                 ******************************



                 ** ** MONITOR MINIATURES ** **

** What's New in the Car Rental Business?:
     In the June, 1993, issue of the Braille Monitor, Ed and Toni
Eames described some problems they were having with car rental
companies and the measures they have pursued to alleviate them.
They recently sent us the following update on the situation:
     The issue was simple. As blind consumers with a valid credit
card, we wanted the same right as sighted people have to rent a
car. Some companies required a driver's license as the only
acceptable means of identification for car rental. Therefore,
they would not accept our California non-driver identification
cards. This clearly smacked of discrimination and violated state
and federal law.
     We filed two separate complaints under Title Three of the
Americans With Disabilities Act against Dollar and Enterprise car
rental companies. The Department of Justice has been
investigating these complaints and working with the companies to
change their policies and practices. Currently both companies say
they have changed their practices, permitting us to rent cars
using non-driver identification cards, and that they are working
toward a change in policy. The Department of Justice
investigating attorneys have asked us to notify them of any
recent denials of the right to rent cars from these two
companies. If you have had a problem with Dollar, please contact
Maggie Prieto. If you have had a problem with Enterprise, please
write to Mary Lou Mobley. Both can be contacted at Civil Rights
Division, Public Access Section, U.S. Department of Justice, P.O.
Box 66738, Washington, D.C. 20035-6738. If you have had a problem
and write to either attorney, please send us a copy. Toni and Ed
Eames can be contacted at 3376 North Wishon, Fresno, California
93704; or call (209) 224-0544.

[PHOTO: Tom Bickford stands with his hand on that of Elijah Cummings, who is
under sleep shades, instructing Mr. Cummings how to use the white cane.
CAPTION: Tom Bickford teaches Maryland Delegate Elijah Cummings the proper way
to hold a long white cane.] 

** Book on Cane Travel Now Available from NLS:
     Care and Feeding of the Long White Cane: Instructions in
Cane Travel for Blind People by Thomas Bickford, published by the
National Federation of the Blind, is now available from your
cooperating NLS network library as BR9342, one volume, and
RC37053, one cassette.
      The Library of Congress annotation reads as follows: the
author, blind himself, begins with instructions for novices in
cane use and continues with step-by-step advice on walking within
buildings, following traffic patterns, and using public
transportation. Also discussed are recreational hiking and
dealing with inclement weather.

** For Sale:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I have a slightly used Visual Tek for sale. It is in very
good condition, and I am asking $850. For more information please
call Nino Pesce at (215) 322-4447, or write to him at 4356 Pine
St., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19053.

** Hoping To Find:
     We have been asked to carry the following request:
     I am seeking to purchase a 4-volume map set of the United
States, which was available from the American Printing House for
the Blind in the 1970's but is no longer available. If you have
any information about where I might purchase this item, please
write in Braille or on cassette to Les Seitz, 5415 North Sheridan
Road, #4908, Chicago, Illinois 60640.

[PHOTO: Portrait. CAPTION: Joe Ruffalo.]

** Elected:
     Joe Ruffalo, President of the National Federation of the
Blind of New Jersey, reports that at the affiliate's May 1, 1994,
convention the following officers were elected: Joseph Ruffalo,
President; Ever Lee Dow, First Vice President; Tracey Hall,
Second Vice President; Dr. Edwin Lewinson, Secretary; and Gloria
Lewis, Treasurer. Kathleen Benjamin, Rose Bethea, Michelle
Foster, and Jerilyn Higgins were elected to serve as board
members.

** Information Needed:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I would like to get in touch with users of IBM-compatible
computers who know of any games compatible with speech output
other than those created by Richard DeSteno. I would also like to
find documentation on Flipper and Accent. I have both programs on
my PC but know very little about them. I would also like to get
in touch with Braille 'n Speak 640 users. You can contact me in
print, Braille, tape, or by phone. Contact Marie Lagerquist,
12003 Green Mountain Street, Reno, Nevada 89506; or call (702)
677-4258.

** Perkins Brailler Repairs Available:
     Joseph Staniewski has asked us to report the following:
     The Selective Doctor, Inc., is a new repair service for all
IBM typewriters and now Perkins Braille writers. Located in
Baltimore, the service has done work for the Maryland School for
the Blind and a number of other organizations in Maryland. They
are now prepared to receive Perkins Braillers sent to them from
around the country. They advertise top quality service at
yesterday's prices. They also request a phone call before
shipment of Braillers and ask that equipment be insured in the
mails. For more information contact the Selective Doctor, Inc.,
P.O. Box 28432, Baltimore, Maryland 21234; or call (410) 668-
1143.

** For Sale:
     Perkins large-cell brailler in excellent condition. If
interested, please call Jo Nell Standefer anytime at (505) 274-
6402.

** Cruise Information Available:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     "Custom Cruise News" is a bi-weekly publication available in
accessible format. It is a source of current cruise information
and specials offered by cruise lines through Custom Cruises
Unlimited, Inc. Subscription cost is $36 a year. Advertising is
free to subscribers and should be submitted in Braille or on
cassette. For more information write to Custom Cruises Unlimited,
Inc., 8036 Congresswood Lane, Cincinnati, Ohio 45224; or call
(513) 931-2234.

** Book About CD-Rom Available:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     National Braille Press has just released a new book on CD-
ROM technology called The CD-ROM Advantage. This book answers the
most commonly-asked questions about CD-ROM technology and how it
works with speech and Braille. The book has practical advice from
blind CD-ROM users who talk about the advantages, and the
pitfalls, of this exciting new technology. Profiles of blind
users add a human element to an otherwise technical subject, and
as an added feature the book lists over one-hundred CD-ROM titles
that do work with speech and Braille. There's plenty of resource
information, including where to go for help and support. The cost
is $11.95 in Braille, disk, or print (add $3.50 for postage on
the print edition).

** In Memoriam:
     Karen Mayry, President of the National Federation of the
Blind of South Dakota, reports with sorrow the death last fall of
Harold Pigsley, charter member of the Black Hills Chapter. She
says, "Harold succumbed to complications of diabetes at the age
of seventy-two. He had struggled many years with the disease but
always held firm in his belief that blindness could be reduced to
a mere nuisance. His dedication, support, and great sense of
humor helped set the tone for the Black Hills Chapter. His
business acumen, willingness always to do more than his share,
and positive attitude helped the rest of us to do our part. He
was loved by all and will be intensely missed."

** Pen Pals Wanted:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I would like to correspond with Americans or Canadians
between the ages of twenty and forty-five. I am totally blind and
would like to exchange ideas with people who work in the fields
of recreation, camp counseling, and children's camp
administration. My interests are sports; radio (contemporary,
Christian, southern, gospel, and country and western); blue
grass, pop, and Latin music; blindness issues; the outdoors; and
shortwave listening. Interested people should write in Braille,
computer Braille, print, or cassette tape to Eric Calhoun, P.O.
Box 1003, Inglewood, California 90308.

** Perkins Brailler Needed:
     Incarcerated Braille transcribing student seeks to purchase
a new or used Perkins Brailler. Please write (print or Braille):
Michael Portzer #168686, CCA/SCCC 10A/B/205, P.O. Box 279,
Clifton, Tennessee 38425-0279.

** New Chapter:
     Karen Mayry, President of the National Federation of the
Blind of South Dakota, writes as follows: 
     The City of Yankton is the home of our newest National
Federation of the Blind of South Dakota chapter. Affiliate Board
members Noble Mellegard, Eileen Tscharner, and Karen Mayry held
an organizing dinner in November, 1993. Attendees expressed
interest in forming a chapter in Yankton. The first meeting,
despite a horrendous snow storm, found a large group of people
gathered at the public library to elect officers, listen to
Denise Jones present her Washington Seminar report, and visit.
Enthusiasm ran high that evening. With such interest and energy,
Yankton members will help educate others about the respectability
of blindness, the tools of independence, and the ways in which
good training can lead to success. Elected officers include
Denise Jones, President; Harley Evans, Vice President; and Peggy
Klimisch, Secretary/Treasurer.

** Disability Resource List Available:
     A two-90-minute-cassette package of disability resources has
been compiled by Federationist Nancy Scott. It contains national
agency, organization, and catalog information for people with
vision, learning, and mobility impairments, as well as
information for senior citizens and families of people in the
above groups. The list features names, addresses, phone numbers,
and brief descriptions of services plus some surprises put in
just for fun.
     Cost for "Disability Resources" is $4 per copy. Cassettes
can be played on any recorder. Make checks payable to Nancy
Scott, and send to 1141 Washington St., Easton, Pennsylvania
18042. Tapes will be mailed free matter.

** Business Opportunity Available:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Rapid growth in consumer electronics provides a part-time or
full-time opportunity for you. International company needs highly
motivated individuals in order to expand locally, nationally, and
internationally. Sales and sales management opportunities as
independent distributors available in every state, Canada, the
United Kingdom, and soon the rest of Europe. Start your own
business to sell security and home entertainment electronic
products directly to consumers. Work from your home. Minimal
investment. Please contact Federation member Leonard Shije at
(505) 292-5088; or write him at 10400 Griffith Park Drive, N.E.,
Albuquerque, New Mexico 87123.

** Braille Machzor Available:

     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Jewish blind who are interested in obtaining Braille copies
of the "Machzor" for the High Holy Days to participate in the
services for Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur may obtain their
complimentary copies by writing to JHB, P.O. Box 290336,
Brooklyn, New York 11229; or sending a fax to (718) 338-0653.