From: collins_w@cubldr.colorado.edu
Subject: Episode Guide for Disney's Little Mermaid series
Message-ID: <1993Jan25.033102.1@cubldr.colorado.edu>
Organization: University of Colorado, Boulder
Date: Mon, 25 Jan 1993 10:31:02 GMT
Lines: 906

   Here is the whole version of my episode guide for "Disney's The
Little Mermaid" series, including the last two new entries.

   I have included the titles list again, with a 'CUT HERE' separating
the two files.

   I am still working on my detailed episode guide for "Saban's Adventures
of The Little Mermaid", which is even more detailed (note that it is
called a 'detailed' episode guide instead :-) ).

   The file is already formatted for printing (and has form-feeds), so
do not use a filter if you print it.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
|				  Neil Collins				      |
| For email responses, please say the mail is "For Neil" on the subject line. |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------- CUT HERE ----------------------------------

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  1

              First Season Episodes (14 - 11-SEP-1992 to present)


	  1 - Whale of a Tale
	  2 - "THE GREAT SEBASTIAN"
	  3 - "STORMY"
	  4 - "URCHIN"
	  5 - "DOUBLE BUBBLE"
	  6 - "MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE"
	  7 - "CHARMED"
	  8 - "MARRIAGE OF INCONVENIENCE"
	  9 - "THE EVIL MANTA"
	 10 - "THINGAMAJIGGER"
	 11 - "RED"
	 12 - "BEACHED"
	 13 - "TRIDENT TRUE"
	 14 - "EEL-ECTRIC CITY"
---------------------------------- CUT HERE ----------------------------------











                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series

                                 Episode Guide

                                      by
                                 Neil Collins



                           Last updated 24-JAN-1993

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  1

                                Whale of a Tale


1 -	Title:		Whale of a Tale
	Summary:	Ariel finds a lost baby  killer whale,   and names  him
			    Spot. She tries to keep him hidden from King Triton
			    & Sebastian,  which fails.   Ariel,  Sebastian,   &
			    Flounder need to teach Spot to defend himself,   so
			    that he can survive on his own.
	Songs:		"JUST A LITTLE LOVE" - sung by Ariel.
			"YOU GOT TO BE YOU" - sung by Sebastian (with some help
			    from some backup singers).
	Tape:		#TDK2 (beginning), 11-SEP-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel finds a lost baby  killer whale,   and names  him
			    Spot, because of a spot on his tail-fin.  She hides
			    him in her room,   but Sebastian discovers him  and
			    disapproves of this.  Ariel & Sebastian then try to
			    keep Spot hidden from King Triton,   but her father
			    eventually discovers him.
			King Triton  tells Ariel  &  Sebastian that  they  must
			    teach Spot to be able to survive on his own.   Just
			    when Ariel,   Sebastian,   & Flounder figure it  is
			    hopeless to teach Spot how to defend himself,  some
			    sharks attack, chasing after them. Spot attacks the
			    sharks, saving all of them!
			Spot  then  hears  his  family  and  returns  to  them.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  2

                             "THE GREAT SEBASTIAN"


2 -	Title:		"THE GREAT SEBASTIAN"
	Summary:	King Triton sends Sebastian as his ambassador of  peace
			    to arrange for a  peace conference with  Sharkania.
			    The Sharkanians agree  to this,    but instead  are
			    planning to attack Atlantica.
	Tape:		#TDK2 (2nd episode on tape), 12-SEP-92 (SP).
			#TDK9 (3rd episode on tape), 12-DEC-92 (SP) - There was
			    no   voice-over   during   the   closing   credits.
	Characters:
	Story:		King Triton wants to  make peace with the  Sharkanians.
			    He has been  searching for an  expert on  Sharkania
			    to be his advisor.   Sebastian volunteers,   saying
			    that he is well versed in Sharkania culture (he  is
			    not). King Triton makes Sebastian his ambassador of
			    peace,  and sends him to Sharkania to arrange for a
			    peace  conference.     Ariel  &   Flounder   follow
			    Sebastian.
			Emperor Sharga of the Sharkanians agrees to Sebastian's
			    proposal.
			After the meeting, Ariel & Flounder swim off to explore
			    Sharkania.   They discover that the Sharkanians are
			    not interested in peace, and are planning to attack
			    Atlantica.   They are hiding two Sharkanians in the
			    lower compartment  of the  chest which  contains  a
			    gift of treasure  for Atlantica.    Before Ariel  &
			    Flounder can  warn  anyone,    they  are  captured!
			Ariel is forced to write a note to Sebastian,   telling
			    him to return to Atlantica without her &  Flounder.
			    Sebastian returns to Atlantica,   with the gift  of
			    treasure.
			Ariel & Flounder escape their captors,   and return  to
			    Atlantica  to  warn  of  the  Sharkanians  plan  to
			    attack.   King Triton uses his Trident to drive the
			    Sharkanians away, saving Atlantica!
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  3

                                   "STORMY"


3 -	Title:		"STORMY"
	Summary:	Ariel wants to ride  a wild and  giant sea horse  named
			    Stormy.   Against King Triton's orders,   she  does
			    ride him  and is  taken to  the wilderness.    King
			    Triton,   Sebastian,   &  Flounder search for  her.
	Songs:		"TO THE EDGE OF THE EDGE OF THE SEA" - sung by Ariel.
			    This song is continued later in the episode.
	Tape:		#TDK2 (3rd episode on tape), 19-SEP-92 (SP) - There was
			    no   voice-over   during   the   closing   credits.
			#TDK13 (beginning),  19-DEC-92 (SP) - The first part of
			    the title sequence was not broadcast.
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel discovers a giant sea horse name Stormy,   who is
			    tied up and is too wild to ride.  Ariel thinks that
			    Stormy should be free,  and also wants to ride him.
			    King  Triton  forbids  Ariel  to  go  near  Stormy.
			Ariel ignores her father, and sneaks out to see Stormy.
			    But King Triton catches her,  and says that he will
			    have to sell Stormy.
			Ariel once again sneaks out to see Stormy,   and  rides
			    off on him.  Stormy is swimming very fast and takes
			    her towards the wilderness.  King Triton goes after
			    Ariel,    followed   by   Sebastian   &   Flounder.
			Ariel falls off of Stormy, and he returns to her. Ariel
			    takes a nap.
			King Triton  and  the  others continue  to  search  for
			    Ariel.
			Stormy is captured by two octopuses.   Ariel then frees
			    him,  and rides off on him.   Ariel is then knocked
			    off of Stormy,  and is knocked unconscious.  Stormy
			    rescues her,    by having  her  land on  his  back.
			King Triton and  the others then  find Ariel &  Stormy.
			    Stormy returns Ariel to her father.
			King Triton agrees to  release Stormy,   when Ariel  is
			    better. When Ariel has recovered,  she & her father
			    release  Stormy,    so   that  he   can  be   free.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  4

                                   "URCHIN"


4 -	Title:		"URCHIN"
	Summary:	Ariel & Flounder are captured by the Lobster Mobster  &
			    Shrimp.   Urchin  later helps  Sebastian to  rescue
			    them.   Crab Louie tries  to rob Atlantica's  royal
			    treasure vault.
	Songs:		"THE LOBSTER  MOBSTER'S MOB"    - sung  by the  Lobster
			    Mobster & Shrimp.
			    A short  version  of this  song  is sung  again  by
			        Shrimp later in the episode.
	Tape:		#TDK3 (beginning), 26-SEP-92 (SP).
			#TDK13 (2nd episode on tape), 26-DEC-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		The  Lobster  Mobster  &  Shrimp  discover  Urchin   in
			    Urchin's cave.  The Lobster Mobster wants Urchin to
			    join his mob.   He convinces Urchin to steal dinner
			    for them.
			Urchin sneaks into the Neptune Ball,   and steals  some
			    food.  Ariel sees this,   and she & Flounder follow
			    him back to his cave.   King Triton sends Sebastian
			    after them.
			Urchin then  discovers  Ariel &  Flounder.    Sebastian
			   determines that  the  Lobster Mobster  is  a  wanted
			   criminal.   The Lobster Mobster & Shrimp trap  Ariel
			   & Flounder in the cave, using a large boulder.  They
			   are planning to ransom Ariel for the treasure stored
			   in Atlantica's royal treasure vault,   because  they
			   believe that  King Triton  will  pay dearly  to  get
			   Ariel back.   Ariel convinces  Urchin to go get  her
			   father.
			Urchin goes  in search  of King  Triton,   but  he  has
			    already left to  apologize to the  guests that  had
			    attended the Neptune Ball which Urchin had wrecked.
			    Sebastian  doesn't  know  where  King  Triton   is.
			So Sebastian pretends to  be Crab Louie,   a  notorious
			    criminal,   in order to rescue Ariel.   Sebastian &
			    Urchin capture the Lobster Mobster,   using a  net.
			    Urchin leaves to rescue Ariel,   leaving  Sebastian
			    on guard.    But  Shrimp  then  frees  the  Lobster
			    Mobster.
			Urchin then frees Ariel &  Flounder,   by tying a  rope
			    around the boulder,   and  attaching the other  end
			    to a passing  whale.   Urchin  then discovers  that
			    Sebastian has been  captured in a  net,   and  that
			    the Lobster Mobster has escaped.
			The real Crab Louie, who is gigantic, grabs the Lobster
			    Mobster & Shrimp.   Crab  Louie threatens to  crack
			    them.  The Lobster Mobster makes a deal with him to
			    save them, by telling him about the ton of treasure
			    stored  in   Atlantica's  royal   treasure   vault.
			Ariel,  Sebastian,  Flounder,   & Urchin go to see King
			    Triton about Urchin. A guard then arrives,  telling
			    King Triton that  Crab Louie is  stealing from  the
			    royal treasure vault.

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  5

                             "URCHIN" (continued)


			Urchin tries to stop Crab Louie.  Ariel then helps him.
			    King Triton does not  help them.   They knock  Crab
			    Louie off of the treasure vault,   and he falls  to
			    the ocean floor.   Urchin  asks King Triton if  his
			    Trident can really  shoot lightning.   King  Triton
			    demonstrates this on Crab Louie.
			The Lobster Mobster & Shrimp leave, who had been spying
			    on Crab  Louie  because  they wanted  some  of  the
			    treasure.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  6

                                "DOUBLE BUBBLE"


5 -	Title:		"DOUBLE BUBBLE"
	Summary:	Ariel babysits the  twins of  the Count  & Countess  of
			    Clambakersfield.   The twins  are kidnapped by  the
			    Lobster Mobster & Shrimp.   After they are rescued,
			    King Triton performs the right of passage  ceremony
			    for them.
	Songs:		"DA BEDDIE BYE BLUES"   - sung by the Lobster Mobster &
			    Shrimp.
	Tape:		#TDK3 (2nd episode on tape), 3-OCT-92 (SP).
			#TDK13 (3rd episode on tape),   2-JAN-93 (SP) - started
			    using new VCR.
	Characters:
	Story:		The Count & Countess of Clambakersfield visit Atlantica
			    with their twins,   so that King Triton can perform
			    the right of passage ceremony for them. It has been
			    a long time since they have seen King Triton.    He
			    even had red hair when they last saw him. They need
			    a babysitter for the twins,   so Ariel  volunteers.
			Sebastian & Flounder help  Ariel with the twins.    The
			    twins are nothing but  trouble.   The twins  wander
			    off.  Ariel,   Sebastian,   & Flounder look for the
			    twins,   but have  no luck in  finding them.    The
			    Lobster Mobster & Shrimp decide to kidnap the twins
			    so that  they  can obtain  the  Countess's  pearls.
			Ariel,   Sebastian,   & Flounder save the twins from  a
			    giant squid.   Sebastian  is then  captured by  the
			    Lobster Mobster,   who uses his Bubble Gun.   Ariel
			    frees Flounder,  who has been captured by the giant
			    squid.
			The Lobster Mobster & Shrimp capture the twins.    They
			    are a handful  for Shrimp  to take  care of.    The
			    Lobster Mobster accidentally traps  the twins in  a
			    bubble from his Bubble Gun.   The twins then  float
			    off and into a  whirlpool.   The Lobster Mobster  &
			    Shrimp follow them in. Ariel, Sebastian, & Flounder
			    also follow the twins  into the whirlpool.    Ariel
			    tries to grab the twins,   but the bubble slips out
			    of her grasp and bounces around. The twins'  bubble
			    then  knocks  everybody   out  of  the   whirlpool.
			The twins land on the back of a whale.   Later,   Ariel
			    recovers them.
			Ariel then returns the  twins to their parents.    King
			    Triton next performs the right of passage  ceremony
			    for them.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  7

                             "MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE"


6 -	Title:		"MESSAGE IN A BOTTLE"
	Summary:	Ariel finds a message in  a bottle from someone who  is
			    a prisoner in a sea monster's cave.   Ariel decides
			    to rescue him,   but instead discovers Simon who is
			    a friendly sea monster.   Simon helps to drive away
			    an enemy which is attacking Atlantica.
	Songs:		"SING A NEW  SONG"   - sung  by Ariel &  Simon the  sea
			    monster.
	Tape:		#TDK3 (3rd episode on tape), 10-OCT-92 (SP) - two short
			    (fraction of a second)  interruptions in the  video
			    (broadcaster's fault?).
			#TDK17 (beginning), 9-JAN-93 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel finds a  message in a  bottle which reads  "Help,
			    I'm a prisoner  in a sea  monster's cave.    Please
			    rescue me".  It is signed "Simon.  P.S.  See map on
			    other side".   Ariel decides to help.   Sebastian &
			    Flounder go with her.
			An enemy of  Atlantica,   disguised  as anemones,    is
			    planning to  attack  so  that  they  can  loot  the
			    palace.
			Ariel,  Sebastian,  & Flounder find the cave and search
			    it for the note's  author.   They discover the  sea
			    monster's room.  The sea monster then returns,   so
			    they hide. He discovers and captures them. It turns
			    out that the sea monster is really Simon,  and that
			    he is friendly.  Simon has been sending out 100s of
			    messages in bottles,   so that he will have someone
			    to attend his  party,   which has  been set up  for
			    years.   Simon  asks them  to please  stay for  the
			    party, and Ariel says yes.
			Ariel invites Simon to visit Atlantica.   He agrees  to
			    this.   They all  return to  Atlantica where  Ariel
			    introduces Simon to her father.   Ariel &  Flounder
			    play with Simon.  Simon sleeps outside,  because he
			    is too large to fit inside the palace.
			The next morning,   Simon  disturbs everybody with  his
			    exercises.   King Triton asks  him to please  stop,
			    which makes him feel like a loser,   so Simon  runs
			    off.  King Triton goes after him to apologize.  The
			    enemy then uses this  opportunity to attack,    but
			    King Triton &  Simon return just  in time to  scare
			    them away!
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  8

                                   "CHARMED"


7 -	Title:		"CHARMED"
	Summary:	Ariel finds  a  bracelet and  puts  it on.    She  then
			    discovers that she cannot remove it.   She  becomes
			    trapped in an abyss by the Flow Monster,  until her
			    father rescues her.
	Tape:		#TDK5 (beginning), 17-OCT-92 (SP).
			#TDK17 (2nd episode on tape), 16-JAN-93 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel & Flounder  discover a  shipwreck which  contains
			    some human objects. Ariel finds a magnifying glass,
			    which she calls a "bigger majigger".   She  returns
			    to the palace.
			King Triton catches  Ariel with  the magnifying  glass,
			    and forbids her to have human objects.  He destroys
			    it with his Trident.
			Ariel & Flounder  swim to an  abyss.   Flounder sees  a
			    shiny object in the abyss,   so Ariel swims down to
			    it.  She finds a bracelet,   with trinkets attached
			    to it.  It is caught on a piece of coral.  When she
			    pulls on it,    the chain holding  the key  breaks,
			    leaving the key still stuck to the coral.  She then
			    puts on the bracelet.
			It is getting late,  so it is time for Ariel & Flounder
			    to head home.   She  needs to remove the  bracelet,
			    since her father  has forbidden her  to have  human
			    objects, but cannot without the key! She cannot let
			    her father see the bracelet, so she cannot go home!
			    She tries to remove it using a piece of coral,  but
			    fails.   She determines  that she  needs the  other
			    piece still  in the  abyss,   so  she heads  there.
			Ariel swims into the abyss again,  to retrieve the key.
			    Ariel finds it,  but it is stuck to the coral.  She
			    is then sucked downward in a whirlpool.   She sends
			    Flounder for help.  She is sucked into a large cave
			    and just escapes the  Flow Monster,   who uses  the
			    suction to feed.   She learns that she cannot  swim
			    fast  enough  to  escape  from  the  cave   between
			    feedings by the Flow Monster,   so she is  trapped.
			Flounder tells King  Triton what  has happened.    King
			    Triton,  Sebastian,   & Flounder head for the abyss
			    to rescue Ariel.

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page  9

                             "CHARMED" (continued)


			They find the place where Ariel had found the bracelet.
			    The Flow Monster then starts to feed.  King Triton,
			    Sebastian,   & Flounder head into the whirlpool and
			    are sucked downward.    King Triton  zaps the  Flow
			    Monster with his Trident and saves them all.   They
			    find Ariel.  King Triton uses his Trident to propel
			    all of them upward,    away from the Flow  Monster.
			    They all escape.   Ariel swims back into the  abyss
			    again to find the key. She cannot free the key, and
			    becomes caught  in  the  Flow  Monster's  whirlpool
			    again.    King  Triton  helps  her  to  unlock  the
			    bracelet,  which is then sucked downward.   He uses
			    his Trident again to help them both escape from the
			    abyss.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 10

                          "MARRIAGE OF INCONVENIENCE"


8 -	Title:		"MARRIAGE OF INCONVENIENCE"
	Summary:	Ariel mistakenly thinks  that her  father is  arranging
			    for her marriage to the Olympian Prince Thor.  This
			    misunderstanding starts a war.
	Tape:		#TDK5 (2nd episode on tape), 24-OCT-92 (SP).
			#TDK17 (3rd episode on tape), 23-JAN-93 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel & Flounder are playing,  by sliding down a chute.
			    King Triton is watching  Ariel play,   and says  to
			    Urchin that she is old enough and that she &  young
			    Prince Thor of Olympia  will be perfect together  -
			    the perfect union.
			King Triton goes to Olympia.
			Urchin asks Sebastian what a union is.  He answers that
			    it usually is a marriage.   Urchin tells  Sebastian
			    what King  Triton  told  him.    Ariel  &  Flounder
			    overhear this too.  Ariel does not believe that her
			    father is arranging for  her marriage,   and  tells
			    Urchin so.
			King Triton suggests  the pairing of  Ariel & Thor  for
			    the Aquabatics Sea  Games Competition,   to  Thor's
			    father Augustus, saying that it will promote peace.
			    They   decide   to   discuss   this   over   lunch.
			Thor, who overheard the conversation,  decides to check
			    out Ariel  because  he  doesn't want  to  risk  his
			    chances of  winning the  games.    So he  heads  to
			    Atlantica.
			Thor arrives in Atlantica,    and announces that he  is
			    here for Princess Ariel. He says that she is pretty
			    enough.   Ariel then  thinks that  Urchin is  right
			    about the marriage.   Ariel then asks Sebastian  to
			    invite Thor to dinner.
			Sebastian sends Urchin to invite Thor to dinner. Urchin
			    demonstrates some fictitious  Atlantian customs  on
			    Thor,   so that he will not like Ariel and will not
			    marry her.   Prince Thor is insulted by this,    so
			    Ariel thinks that he will  want to leave and  never
			    see her again.  But he says that their union is too
			    important to their nations,   so that he is  taking
			    Ariel to Olympia.
			Sebastian & Urchin try  to discourage Thor from  taking
			    Ariel by making up  some stories about her.    Thor
			    is insulted  because he  thinks that  they  believe
			    that Ariel  is too  good for  him,   so  he  leaves
			    without her.
			Thor reports about his treatment to his father.    King
			    Triton does not  believe this,   and  it causes  an
			    argument between him & Augustus.   Augustus  orders
			    King Triton to  leave,   saying that  peace is  now
			    impossible.
			Ariel,  Sebastian,  Flounder,  & Urchin learn the truth
			    about   Ariel's   marriage   from   King    Triton.

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 11

                    "MARRIAGE OF INCONVENIENCE" (continued)


			The Olympians attack Atlantica.   Ariel finds Thor  and
			    apologizes for the  misunderstanding,   but  Urchin
			    thinks that  she has  been  captured and  tries  to
			    rescue her. Instead, he is injured.  Thor tells his
			    father to stop the attack. It turns out that Urchin
			    is OK.   King  Triton & Augustus  decide on  having
			    peace.   Ariel & Thor decide to be partners in  the
			    Aquabatics Competition.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 12

                               "THE EVIL MANTA"


9 -	Title:		"THE EVIL MANTA"
	Summary:	Ariel frees  the  Evil  Manta  from  his  prison  in  a
			    volcano.   He causes  the Atlantians  to hate  each
			    other,   until  Ariel  brings them  back  together.
	Songs:		"IN HARMONY" - sung by Ariel.
			    This song  is  continued  a  little  later  in  the
			        episode.
	Tape:		#TDK5 (3rd episode on tape), 31-OCT-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		King Triton,  Sebastian,   & Urchin leave to go watch a
			    turtle race.
			Ariel finds a creature trapped in a volcano.   It  begs
			    her to free it  and says that  it has been  trapped
			    for a long time. Flounder warns Ariel about a story
			    of a horrible creature  that ancient merpeople  had
			    locked in a mountain.   The story says that if  the
			    creature gets out, all of Atlantica will be doomed.
			    Ariel does not believe  the story,   and frees  the
			    creature,  who turns out to be the Evil Manta!  She
			    regrets  having  freed  him,    as  he  heads   for
			    Atlantica.
			The Evil Manta  convinces the Atlantians  to hate  each
			    other,   saying that  each one is  better than  the
			    others.
			Ariel & Flounder try to catch the Evil Manta in a  net,
			    but fail.
			Ariel tries  to  bring  the  Atlantians  back  together
			    again,   but fails.   The Evil Manta makes Flounder
			    hate Ariel!   Ariel tries  to get Flounder to  like
			    her again,  but it turns out that he was faking it!
			    The  Atlantians  drive   Ariel  &  Flounder   away.
			Ariel &  Flounder have  a flashback  to the  time  when
			    they were much younger, and when they first met and
			    became friends.  We learn that Flounder's real name
			    is Guppy  Number 35,    but  his friends  call  him
			    Flounder.
			Ariel convinces  all of  the Atlantians  to be  friends
			    again.    This   drives   the  Evil   Manta   away.
			King Triton, Sebastian, & Urchin return.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 13

                               "THINGAMAJIGGER"


10 -	Title:		"THINGAMAJIGGER"
	Summary:	Ariel finds a boot,   which she calls a Thingamajigger.
			    The Lobster Mobster gets a hold of it,   until  the
			    Evil Manta tries to use it to take over  Atlantica.
	Tape:		#TDK6 (beginning), 7-NOV-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel finds a boot, and calls it a Thingamajigger.  She
			    takes it to the palace,   and shows it to the other
			    inhabitants. They try to determine what it is. King
			    Triton discovers Ariel with the boot.   Ariel  asks
			    him what it is.   He says that it is a human object
			    and asks everyone if  they realize that humans  are
			    evil,   and whatever  humans drop into  the sea  is
			    dangerous.   King Triton  says that  they must  get
			    rid of the Thingamajigger,  or it will destroy them
			    all. He appoints Sebastian to be the royal disposal
			    officer in charge  of giving  the Thingamajigger  a
			    proper burial  far away  from the  palace.    Ariel
			    offers to help him.   They head off with the  boot,
			    and Flounder joins them.
			The Lobster  Mobster  & Shrimp  are  about to  do  some
			    target practicing with the Bubble Gun, but it turns
			    out that it is broken.   They then learn about  the
			    Thingamajigger from some clams,  and that even King
			    Triton is afraid  of it.   So  the Lobster  Mobster
			    wants this powerful weapon.
			Ariel, Sebastian, & Flounder bury the boot. But another
			    creature digs it up.
			Later, the Lobster Mobster & Shrimp find the boot.  The
			    Lobster Mobster decides to  try out his new  weapon
			    by pointing it at a cliff. Just then, a cannon ball
			    from two passing  ships above  destroys the  cliff,
			    leading him  to  believe  that  the  weapon  works.
			Ariel, Sebastian,  & Flounder learn from the clams that
			    the  Lobster   Mobster  has   the   Thingamajigger.
			Later,    the  Evil   Manta  learns   more  about   the
			    Thingamajigger that he keeps hearing about,    from
			    the clams.  He learns that it is even more powerful
			    than King Triton's Trident!
			Sebastian tries to  steal the  Thingamajigger from  the
			    Lobster Mobster.   But the Lobster Mobster sees the
			    boot moving away,  so Sebastian hides inside of it.
			Ariel &  Flounder decide  to go  to a  fishing port  to
			    learn more about  the Thingamajigger.   She  learns
			    that humans wear Thingamajiggers on their feet (she
			    calls them fins). Prince Eric frees a porpoise that
			    is trapped in a net, but looses a boot.  Ariel then
			    determines that all humans are not evil.   He  then
			    discards the other boot into the ocean,   so  Ariel
			    thinks that it must be worthless,   because he just
			    threw it away.
			Sebastian makes the  Lobster Mobster  & Shrimp  believe
			    that the Thingamajigger is alive,   and scares them
			    off.

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 14

                         "THINGAMAJIGGER" (continued)


			The Evil Manta finds the Thingamajigger.   He threatens
			    King Triton with  it,   so  that he  can take  over
			    Atlantica.  The inhabitants are ready to surrender,
			    but Ariel counters with two Thingamajiggers!    The
			    Evil Manta then retreats.
			Ariel then  adds  the  boots to  her  Treasure  Grotto.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 15

                                     "RED"


11 -	Title:		"RED"
	Summary:	King Triton is turned into a young boy, called Red,  by
			    the Youth Stone.   A wicked sorceress tries to  get
			    his  Trident,    which  will  free  her  from   her
			    imprisonment in a cave.
	Songs:		"DIS IS DE  LIFE"   -  sung by Sebastian  & some  other
			    characters.
	Tape:		#TDK6 (2nd episode on tape), 14-NOV-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel is giving a party.    King Triton joins her in  a
			    dance, but injures his back.  She wants to make him
			    feel better.   The Glowfish suggests that he  knows
			    someone who has cures and potions,  who may be able
			    to help.
			The Glowfish visits a sorceress in a cave, who has been
			    trapped there for centuries.   He wants Atlantica's
			    royal jewels.   He asks for and receives the  Youth
			    Stone from the sorceress. In return,  he must bring
			    her King Triton's Trident, which is powerful enough
			    to break the curse  which keeps her powers  trapped
			    in the cave, and will free her.  She also gives the
			    Glowfish a magic flute,   which he is to blow  when
			    the  Youth  Stone  is   in  King  Triton's   hands.
			The Glowfish gives the Youth Stone to Ariel,  who gives
			    it to her father. The Glowfish then blows the magic
			    flute,   turning King Triton into a young boy  with
			    red hair.   His nickname is Red.   Red is a handful
			    for Ariel to take care of.
			While Red is investigating a ship passing overhead,  he
			    becomes trapped in a fishing net.   The ship starts
			    to reel him in.  Ariel tells him to use his Trident
			    to cut the net,   which allows him to escape.    He
			    continues to be a handful for her.
			Ariel catches the Glowfish with the royal jewels.   She
			    tells him what  has happened,   and  he takes  her,
			    Sebastian,   & Red  to the sorceress  in the  cave.
			The sorceress wants the Trident, and takes it from Red.
			    Red then  turns back  into King  Triton.   He  then
			    remembers that she  is a wicked  sorceress that  he
			    had condemned to the cave long after his childhood,
			    so this is why he didn't remember who she was until
			    now.    King  Triton  then  recovers  his  Trident.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:		There is a  ship passing  overhead,   so  Red wants  to
			    investigate it.  Ariel warns him "Daddy no,  humans
			    are dangerous too!". Sebastian then adds "Now where
			    have I heard that before?".
			While Red is riding a  clam,   Ariel says to him  "Red,
			    how many times must I tell you ....  Oh no!  Oh no,
			    I'm  starting  to  sound  just  like  my  father!".

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 16

                               "RED" (continued)


			Red injures himself on some stinging sea nettles  after
			    Ariel had warned him not to touch the plant.    She
			    then says to him "Why don't you listen?  You're too
			    young to ....  Oh oh,  I did it again!".  Sebastian
			    then adds "If you had a beard,   I'd think you  was
			    your father, instead of him!".
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 17

                                   "BEACHED"


12 -	Title:		"BEACHED"
	Summary:	Ariel & Arista are beached (grounded) for arguing,   so
			    they cannot attend the  Carnival of Tides.    While
			    the others are  at the  carnival,   two  alligators
			    try to rob the palace.
	Tape:		#TDK6 (3rd episode on tape), 21-NOV-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel is arguing with her sister Arista.   King  Triton
			    catches them.   He had warned them that if they had
			    one more argument,  that they would both be beached
			    (grounded).  So they will have to miss the Carnival
			    of Tides. King Triton, Flounder, Urchin,  & Ariel's
			    other sisters leave for the carnival.
			Two alligators want to rob the palace.   They figure it
			    will be  easy now  that everyone  has gone  to  the
			    carnival.
			Sebastian had  to stay  behind to  look after  Ariel  &
			    Arista.   Ariel & Arista see the alligators  trying
			    to climb into the palace,   so Ariel dumps Plankton
			    Pate' on them,  because it attracts snapping clams.
			    Some  snapping  clams  arrive,    driving  off  the
			    alligators.
			Sebastian  goes  to   fetch  King   Triton,    but   is
			    accidentally caught in a net by the alligators, who
			    were planning to catch Ariel & Arista instead. They
			    decide to use Sebastian as bait.   They threaten to
			    hurt him,  unless Ariel & Arista come down from the
			    palace.   One of  the alligators  tries to  capture
			    them,  but it turns out that they were just dummies
			    filled with cannon balls. Ariel gets Sebastian back
			    when Arista drops a  rock on the alligator's  tail.
			The alligators keep trying to rob the palace, but Ariel
			    & Arista keep springing  traps on them.    Finally,
			    Ariel  &   Arista  capture   the  two   alligators.
			King Triton,   who has returned to bring Ariel & Arista
			    to the carnival, learns what has happened.  He says
			    that they  may  go to  the  carnival,   so  they  &
			    Sebastian head for the carnival.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 18

                                "TRIDENT TRUE"


13 -	Title:		"TRIDENT TRUE"
	Summary:	Ariel is  looking  for  a father's  day  gift  for  her
			    father.   She  becomes  trapped  in a  cave  by  an
			    octopus,   so  Urchin  returns to  the  palace  and
			    borrows King  Triton's  Trident.   The  Trident  is
			    stolen by Moray the Eel,   and ends up in the hands
			    of the Evil Manta.
	Tape:		#TDK9 (beginning), 28-NOV-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Urchin is  playing  some  practical  jokes  on  Ariel's
			    sisters, involving their makeup.
			Ariel is  looking  for  a father's  day  gift  for  her
			    father.  Urchin is sad,   because he doesn't have a
			    father.   Moray the  Eel tries  to sell  a gift  to
			    Ariel.   He then mentions the legendary Glow Shells
			    of Shark Canyon.  He doesn't have any,  but he does
			    sell her a map to Shark Canyon. Ariel, Flounder,  &
			    Urchin head there.
			After arriving at Shark Canyon,   Ariel & Flounder  are
			    trapped in a cave by an octopus,   but luckily  the
			    octopus is too big to fit through the opening.  But
			    it tries to grab them using its tentacles.    Ariel
			    sends Urchin to go get her father.
			King Triton, who is tired after signing papers, decides
			    to take a dip in the hot springs. But he leaves his
			    Trident behind. Sebastian joins him.
			Urchin arrives at the palace looking for King Triton  &
			    Sebastian, but cannot find them. But he does notice
			    the Trident, and decides to borrow it.
			The octopus continues  to try to  grab Ariel using  its
			    tentacles. Ariel throws rocks at it to keep it away
			    from her & Flounder.
			Urchin is on the way  to Ariel with the Trident.    But
			    Moray the  Eel  steals  the  Trident  and  captures
			    Urchin in a net. Urchin frees himself with a broken
			    shell,   but is too  late to retrieve the  Trident.
			Urchin returns to Ariel & Flounder.   He pushes a large
			    boulder over,   which the octopus narrowly  escapes
			    being crushed by.   This allows Ariel & Flounder to
			    escape from the cave,  where Ariel has found a Glow
			    Shell.    Urchin  tells  them  about  the  Trident.
			Moray the Eel  tries to  sell the Trident  to the  Evil
			    Manta,   but  is only  given  his life  in  return.
			Ariel,  Flounder,   & Urchin capture Moray the Eel in a
			    net.  Moray then tells them that the Evil Manta now
			    has the Trident.   He then sells them a map to  the
			    Evil Manta's cave. Ariel,  Flounder,  & Urchin head
			    there.
			Ariel,  Flounder,   & Urchin arrive at the Evil Manta's
			    cave,   but  a dogfish  is guarding  the  entrance.
			    Urchin gets the dogfish  to chase after a  Blowfish
			    Ball,  leaving the entrance unguarded.  This allows
			    them to enter the cave.

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 19

                          "TRIDENT TRUE" (continued)


			Ariel throws the Glow Shell near the Evil Manta in  the
			    hopes that  he will  put the  Trident down.    This
			    works,  so Urchin grabs the Trident,   but the Evil
			    Manta sees him and grabs him.  Urchin then escapes,
			    but the Evil Manta then grabs Flounder.   He offers
			    to exchange Flounder for the Trident.  Urchin fires
			    the Trident at the Evil Manta,   which hits him and
			    drives him out of the cave.  Flounder was also hit,
			    injuring him  and  causing  him  to  glow  with  an
			    electrical charge.
			Back at the palace,   King  Triton uses the Trident  to
			    remove the electrical charge from Flounder.   He is
			    then OK.
			Ariel &  her  sisters  give  their  presents  to  their
			    father.   Ariel gives him the Glow Shell and Urchin
			    gives him a Squid Pen.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 20

                               "EEL-ECTRIC CITY"


14 -	Title:		"EEL-ECTRIC CITY"
	Summary:	Ariel & Allana  go to  a nightclub  in Eel-Ectric  City
			    with Pearl.   They are endangered by an approaching
			    Arctic current.
	Tape:		#TDK9 (2nd episode on tape), 5-DEC-92 (SP).
	Characters:
	Story:		Ariel is  riding  with  her father  in  his  brand  new
			    chariot.   She wants to steer,   so he  reluctantly
			    agrees to allow her to do so.
			Pearl arrives and  tells Ariel  that she  & Allana  are
			    going to a party. Pearl tells Allana when her party
			    is going to start.  Ariel asks if she can go.  This
			    is OK with them,   and Allana will help to convince
			    their father to let Ariel go.  Pearl will pick them
			    up tonight.   Ariel  & Allana  then convince  their
			    father to let Ariel go.
			Pearl arrives again to pick up Ariel & Allana.    Pearl
			    sees King Triton's new chariot and wants to  borrow
			    it. They take the chariot,  and decide to let Ariel
			    steer. Flounder follows them.
			Allana notices that  they are going  the wrong way  for
			    Pearl's house,   and  has Ariel  stop the  chariot.
			    Pearl tells them that they are going to  Eel-Ectric
			    City instead. Flounder overhears this conversation.
			    Ariel,   Allana,   & Pearl  continue on their  way.
			    Flounder returns to the palace.
			Flounder tells Sebastian what he overheard.   Sebastian
			    & Flounder head for Eel-Ectric City.
			Ariel, Allana, & Pearl arrive at Eel-Ectric City.  They
			    go into a nightclub.
			Sebastian & Flounder arrive,   but have trouble getting
			    into  the  nightclub.    Then  someone   recognizes
			    Sebastian,   who was once called Dizzy  Crustacean,
			    and they are allowed to enter.
			Some clams note that an Arctic current is  approaching.
			The two  Orange  Roughies  and  their  leader  the  Big
			    Barracuda arrive at the nightclub. Pearl challenges
			    them to a chariot race,   and says that Ariel  will
			    steer.
			The royal meteorologists have  informed King Triton  of
			    the approaching Arctic current.   So he is going to
			    escort Ariel &  Allana home,   and  has arrived  at
			    Pearl's house. But they are not there,  and Pearl's
			    parents don't know  where they  are.   King  Triton
			    needs to find them,  because everything in the path
			    of  the  Arctic   current  will   be  swept   away.

                      Disney's The Little Mermaid series                Page 21

                         "EEL-ECTRIC CITY" (continued)


			The chariot race is about to start.   The Big Barracuda
			    refers to Ariel, Allana, & Pearl as merbabes. Pearl
			    takes the  reigns and  starts  to race.    The  Big
			    Barracuda &  the Orange  Roughies crash.    An  old
			    shipwreck,   which Sebastian & Flounder are  inside
			    of,   is about to be knocked down onto them by  the
			    Arctic  current.    Ariel  ties  the  two  chariots
			    together and pulls them away just in time.   As the
			    shipwreck starts to  fall,   King  Triton uses  his
			    Trident to return it to the cliff.
			Back at  the palace,    King  Triton lectures  Ariel  &
			    Allana.     He   beaches   (grounds)   them   both.
	Special Scenes Used Elsewhere :
	Quotes:
	Mistakes :
