From: rsk@gynko.circ.upenn.edu (Rich Kulawiec)
Date: 20 Oct 93 04:00:24 GMT
Newsgroups: rec.arts.tv,alt.tv.mst3k,rec.answers,alt.answers,news.answers
Subject: Mystery Science Theater 3000 Episode Guide

Archive-name: tv/mst3k/episodes
Version: $Header: mst3k.episode,v 1.5 93/03/21 13:40:50 rsk Exp $

This is the "Episode Guide" mailing/posting for fans of "Mystery Science
Theater 3000".  It has been derived from a large number of sources --
see the credits in the FAQ posting for a detailed list of everybody who
has contributed at one point or another.

You should probably check the date in the "Version" line above to make
sure the copy you're reading is reasonably up-to-date before sending
corrections.  Speaking of which, corrections should be mailed to:

	rsk@gynko.circ.upenn.edu

Caveat: Considerable, uh, entropy exists where the first two seasons,
i.e. the KTMA seasons, are concerned.  It will probably all probably
get sorted out eventually, but this is probably not a pressing issue,
since very few people have or can get the tapes anyway.  The Comedy
Central seasons are much more organized.  Just relax.

Lots of people contributed to this guide; see the MST3K FAQ for a long
list of folks involved in making this happen.


First (KTMA) Season ("blue set", 1988-89)
-----------------------------------------
Credits (Hair Brain Productions):
Created by: Joel Hodgson
Produced by: Jim Mallon
Starring: Joel Hodgson (Joel Hodgson; he used his real name)
Puppet Operation and Voices: Josh Weinstein (Servo and Gypsy), Trace Beaulieu 
(Crow), Kevin Murphy (Cambot)
Mad Scientists: Josh Weinstein (Dr. Laurence Erhardt), Trace Beaulieu (Dr. 
Clayton Forrester) 
"The Love Theme from _Mystery Science Theatre [sic] 3000_"
Lyrics: Joel Hodgson, Josh Weinstein
Music: Charlie Erickson, Joel Hodgson
Sung by: "Joel and The Joels" (Joel Hodgson)
Recorded at: Sing Sing Studios
Program produced through the facilities of KTMA-TV.

KTMA-1 November 24, 1988 Thunderbirds in Outer Space
	Notes: A Gerry Anderson Puppet show

KTMA-2 November 24, 1988 Revenge of the Mysterons
	Notes: revpk's guess is that this is an episode of
		"Captain Scarlet," a Gerry Anderson puppet show.

KTMA-3 November 27, 1988 Invaders from the Deep 

KTMA-4 December 4, 1988 Gamera vs. Barugon

KTMA-5 December 11, 1988 Gamera [Joel does film by himself]
	Pre: Deep froze Crow for Chrismas tree
	Skits: Phone messages: End credits/hair stylist
		Gypsy does Godzilla impression
		Ted Turner opinion survey
		Coalition of friends for giant mutant turtles
		and coalition of friends of giant slimey lizards
		with long nasty tongues
		Fight footage
	Post: Deep froze Crow for Christmas tree revisited

KTMA-6 December 18, 1988 Gamera vs. Zigra [Crow gets unfroze]

KTMA-7 December 31, 1989/January 1, 1989 Gamera vs. Zigra
	Notes: special New Year's rebroadcast

KTMA-8 January 1989 (week of Super Bowl) SST Death Flight
	Before show: "Death Flight Song"
	Pre: Dr. F wins lots of money/brings Larry Foundation Trilogy Gift Set
		Joel does spit take 
	Skits: Servo gets pain shocks
		Gypsy's voice is sexy!
		Limbo to the "Banana Boat Song"
	Post: Letters from female fans
	Credits: Puppet Voice: Faye Burkholder (Gypsy)

KTMA-9 April 1989
	Skits: Joel gets trapped outside the ship for the
		only all-robot episode.  

KTMA-10 May 7, 1989 The Million Eyes of Su-Muru
	Skits: Idio probes
		Servo judged
		"Love Theme" 
	Post: Servo's mouth doesn't work/900 in fan club
	Notes: from "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Based on a Sax Rohmer
	tale. Large-breasted females love to torture men in their rituals.
	[Note: Sax Rohmer is the creator of Fu Manchu.]

KTMA-11 May 14, 1989 Hangar 18
	Pre: Joel introduces movie
	Skits: Crow gets a spanking
		Crow's memory cleanup
		Crow's first memory
	Post: 1,000 fan club member will win Demon Dog
	Plot Summary: The Air Force captures a real flying saucer.

KTMA-12 May 21, 1989 The Last Chase
	Pre: Dr. F tries to make cold fusion in Larry's mouth
	Skits: Humanity lesson for the 'bots
	Post: Winner of 1,000 fan club member
		Fan club letter 
	Comments: Lee Majors plays a race-car driver in a future without
	fuel. Because he's in denial, he's stashed away a racing car so he
	and Chris Makepeace can drive it cross-country to California,
	where cars are still legal. Both a jet plane and pilot
	Burgess Meredith are de-mothballed. For a low-budget film, the
	cinematography is on a professional level, at least. -- Brian Siano

KTMA-13 May 28, 1989 ???
	Skits: How does Godzilla burn a model KFC
	Post: Retrospective video on past episodes with "What a
		Wonderful World" playing in the background.

KTMA-15 1988 Thunderbirds are Go
(this may be "Thunderbirds in Outer Space")

KTMA-16 1988 Gamera vs. Gaos
	Skits: Messages from the MST answering machine

KTMA-17 Gamera vs. Guiron

KTMA-18 January 1989 Time of the Apes

KTMA-19 January 1989 Mighty Jack

KTMA-20 Jan/Feb 1989 Fugitive Alien

KTMA-21 1989 Humanoid Woman

KTMA-22 1989 Phase IV
	Notes: This is actually a pretty good movie. Director Saul Bass is
	best known for his titles sequences for other filmmakers, such as
	for Vertigo, Psycho, Spartacus, and Walk on the Wild Side: and in
	some cases, rumors fly around that Bass actually directed some of
	the more interesting segments of these films, which gives you an
	idea of the man's rep. (For example, Bass storyboarded out Psycho's
	shower sequence, and some people have mistakenly given him the
	credit for Spartacus's battle sequences. And yeah, I think he's
	the same Bass of Rankin-Bass Productions.) This nifty thriller about
	a pair of scientists trying to understand an intelligent hive of
	ants was Bass's feature debut. Extraordinary ant photography by
	Ken Middleham and a good performance by Nigel Davenport make this
	a rarity-- a _good_ film MSTed by Joel and the Bots. There was
	also a lengthy, surrealistic sequence depicting how man would be
	controlled by the ants, but this was cut by the film's distributor.
	Knowing Bass's work, it's a major loss. -- Brian Siano

	Saul Bass is also known for the wonderful short film,
	"Why Man Creates" ---Rsk

KTMA-23 1989 City on Fire
	Notes; A low-budget disaster movie, starring (if I recall)
	Henry Fonda and Shelley Winters --- Brian Siano

KTMA-24 1989 Death at the Super Bowl

KTMA-25 ?? Space: 1999 -- Moonbase Alpha
(???)  Space 1999 film
	The first film was two episodes from the second season. One
	of which was the introduction of Maya(?)....the woman who
	transforms into animals.  I would guess the second half of
	the film was the second episode of the second season.
(???)  Space 1999 film
	Two episodes from the second season that form one story.  The
	plot is that that a bunch of aliens arrive disguised as earth
	people and only the Commander can see through the disguise.
	(I'm not sure if this was an MST 3000 film or not).
 
KTMA-?? The Chill Factor??
	We're not sure what this is.

Second (KTMA) Season ("red set", 1989)
--------------------------------------
Credits:
Writers: Joel Hodgson, Trace Beaulieu, Josh Weinstein, Jim Mallon, Kevin Murphy 
Associate Producers: Kevin Murphy, Vince Rodriguez
Production Assistant: Alex Carr
Make-up: Faye Burkholder
Director: Vince Rodriguez
Audio: Todd Ziegler
Camera: Kevin Murphy
Art Director: Joel Hodgson
Lighting: Kevin Murphy
Color Consultant: Lisa Erickson
Hair Designs by: Mr. Crow of Beverly Hills


Credits for Best Brains, Inc., which apparently started showing up in '89:
Created by: Joel Hodgson
Produced by: Jim Mallon
Crow (T. Robot): Trace Beaulieu
Joel Robinson: Joel Hodgson
(Tom) Servo: Josh Weinstein (Comedy Channel 89/90 season), Kevin Murphy 
(Comedy Channel 90/91 and Comedy Central seasons) 
Gypsy: Jim Mallon
Cambot: Himself
Dr. Clayton Forrester: Trace Beaulieu
Dr. Laurence Erhardt: Josh Weinstein (Comedy Channel 89/90 season) 
(TV's) Frank: Frank Conniff (Comedy Channel 90/91 and Comedy Central seasons) 
(Magic Voice; not credited on screen; all at various times): Jann L. Johnson, 
Alexandra B. Carr, Kevin Murphy, Ellen McDonough 
"The Love Theme from Mystery Science Theatre [sic] (3000)"
Lyrics: Joel Hodgson, Josh Weinstein
Music: Charlie Erickson, Joel Hodgson
Performed by: "Joel and The Joels" (Joel Hodgson)
Mastered at: Blue Light Music, Minneapolis
Shot entirely on location at Best Brains Studios, Minneapolis.
Filmed in shadowramma.

First (Comedy Central) Season (1989-90)
---------------------------------------

Credits:
Writers: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson, Jim Mallon, Kevin Murphy, Mike Nelson, 
Josh Weinstein 
Featuring: Joel Hodgson's Puppet Bots
Associate Producer: Kevin Murphy
Production Manager: Alexandra B. Carr
Editor: Randy Davis
Art Direction: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson
Set Design: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson
Lighting: Kevin Murphy
Make-up: Faye Burkholder, Clayton James
Costumes: Bow Tie
Gizmonic Devices: Joel Hodgson
Production Assistants: Jann L. Johnson, Steve Rosenberer, Sara J. Sandborn
Production/Post Production: Fuller Productions, Minneapolis, Minnesota
Production Staff: Ken Fournelle, Jim Fuller
Production Assistant: Jim Erickson
Special thanks: Randy Herget, Skyline Inc., Bryan Beaulieu, KTMA TV23, The 
Teachers of America, David Campbell, Rick Leed 

101 The Crawling Eye
	Pre: Larry not good in disguise
	Inventions: J: Electric bagpipe  MS: Canine Pineal Gland Serum
	Skits: Head games, Gypsy uncoiled, The Crawling Forrest Tucker
	Post: Name good thing/bad thing for RAM chip
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": This film is lowered
	a few notches by obvious special effects hoke. A mountainous ski
	resort area is terrorized by an unseen invader from outer space,
	who kills via poison gas. The creature turns out to be a large
	tentacled crawling eye which is more than a match for
	hero-scientist Forrest Tucker.
	From "Future Tense: The Cinema of Science Fiction": (Also known as
	The Trollenberg Terror) Set in an Australian ski resort called
	Trollenberg it concerns a scientist who becomes increasingly
	suspicious about a number of mysterious disappearances in the area.
	He realizes that all the missing people were seen in the vicinity
	of one particular mountain, whose summit is always covered in cloud
	no matter what the prevailing weather conditions.
	Eventually it is discovered that the mountaintop has been taken
	over by a number of grotesque alien creatures who use the
	manufactured cloud to conceal their activities. As they come from
	a planet with avery low atmospheric pressure they are at first
	restricted to the top of the mountain, but then they succeed in
	creating a force field which will enable them to extend their
	influence. The cloud begins to move down the mountain until it covers
	the village, and with the cloud come the creatures, which resemble
	giant turnips with tentacles. But all is saved when a squadron
	of United Nations planes arrive and bomb the monsters to pieces.
	(Special effects man Les Bowie.) "It had an awful lot of
	effects in it, and there was one shot of a cloud on the mountain
	that was really terrible. I squirm when I see it on TV now and I
	squirmed when I filmed it, but we were in a mad hurry at the time.
	We did the cloud with just a piece of cotton wool-- we stuck it on
	a photograph of a mountain with a nail and then filmed it. And they
	used that photograph time and time again during the film: every time
	a character looked out of a window they'd cut to this photograph
	and we'd have stuck the cotton wool in a new position. Awful!"

102 The Robot vs The Aztec Mummy (Commando Cody part 1)
	Pre: Dr. F blew up mad convention center/improved security at Deep 13
	Inventions: J: Air-bag helmet for motorcyclists  MS: Chalk-man
	Skits: Servo will save us from the demon dogs
		Enoch--leader of demon dogs
		Crow tries to be Enoch 
	Post: Joel sends demon dogs to fetch
	Credits: Special Guest Puppet: Enoch (Jim Mallon)
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": A mad scientist irks the
	Aztec mummy when, after a series of poor attepts at gate crashing
	the mummy's tomb, he decides to employ a large robot to do the
	breaking and entering for him.

103 Mad Monster (Commando Cody part 2)
	Pre: How MS went mad
	Inventions: J: Hell in a Handbag  MS: Acetyline-powered lizard
	Skits:	Tom tries to pick up a blender
		Stupid questions about werewolves
		Joel switches Crow's and Tom's heads: Servo-Crowatian.
		"Beverly Hillbillies" song parody
	Post: Ontological discourse
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Dr. Lorenzo Cameron has
	a plan. Through a series of blood transfusions, he believes he can
	create a race of superwerewolves to do battle with the Nazis.
	Assistant Pedro isn't too keen on the idea-- he's the doctor's
	first experimental model. 

104 Women of the Prehistoric Planet
	Pre:  Joel is a talk-show host (who?)
	Inventions: J: Toilet Paper in a Bottle  MS: Clay & Lar's Flesh Barn
	Skits:	Joel -- this is your life
		Isaac Asimov's Literary Doomsday Device
		Duplicate Isaac Asimovs (Aismovinator)
	Post:  Avocado Boy names - winner of the brainstorm
	Credits: Additional Writers: Alexandra Carr, Jann Johnson
		Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley, Neil Brede
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson, Elisabet Sandberg
	Notes: This is where "Haikeeba!" comes from.

105 Corpse Vanishes (Commando Cody part 3)
	Pre: Forrester gives Larry Foundation Trilogy Gift Set
	Inventions: J: Chiro-Gyro  MS: Flame Flower
	Skits:	"Tiger-Bot" issue on Data
		Game of Tag
		At the barbershop
	Post: Name good thing/bad thing for a RAM chip/Servo's head explodes
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
		Post Production Audio: Rich Cook, TeleEdit, Minneapolis
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Bela Lugosi replaces
	George Zucco, John Carradine or the actor of your choice as the
	mad doctor who conducts rather unorthodox experiments in the hope
	of making his wife eternally young.

106 The Crawling Hand
	Pre: Joel explains show
	Inventions: J: Safety Saw  MS: Limb Lengthener
	Skits:	Let's play murder ball!
		Shatner choking
		What can a hand do?
	Post: Name a Good thing and a Bad Thing about this movie for a RAM chip
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
		Post Production Audio: Rich Cook, TeleEdit, Minneapolis
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Funny stuff of the
	unintentional variety. An astronaut returns to earth with a
	dismembered hand which crawls around and murders the cast who,
	judging from their performances, deserve their fate. The hand is
	facetious portrayed by mechanical pieces of trivia apparently
	concocted during a bad day at the local five and dime store.
	The hand appears to be winning the battle between the fingers
	and the frightened humans until it is eaten by a stray cat.
	Movies are better than ever.

107 Robot Monster (Commando Cody parts 4 & 5)
 	Pre: Joel explains show / Gypsy is injured
	Inventions: J: Cumber-bubble-bund MS: Self-inflating Whoopie Cushion
	Skits:	Can bumblebees fly and other conundra
		Kill the Hu-Man!
		Surrealism
	Post: The Life and Times of Ro-man
	Credits: Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
		Post Production Audio: Rich Cook, TeleEdit, Minneapolis
	Notes: From "Castle of Frankenstein magazine #24": It is a handful
	of flicks like this that makes all these listing chores something
	to look forward to. Certainly among the finest terrible movies ever
	made, this ridiculous gem presents as economical a space invasion
	as ever committed to gilm: one (1) Ro-Man invader consisting of
	a) a gorilla suit, b) a diving helmet with a set of antennae.
	Hiding out in one of the more familiar Hollywood caves with his
	extraterrestrial bubble machine (no, we're not being facetious:
	it actually is a 2-way 'alien' radio-TV thing, consisting of an old
	war surplus shortwave set resting on a small kitchen table, that
	emits Lawrence Welk-like bubbles), Ro-Man's trying to wipe out the
	last six humans left on earth, and thus make the planet safe for
	colonization by Ro-Men (from the planet Ro-man, where else?) This
	early 3-D effort has attained legendary (and richly deserved)
	status as one of the most laughable of all poverty row quickies,
	although the pic does make some scatterbrained sense when viewed as
	a child's-eye monster fantasy (it's all a dream experienced by a
	sci-fi-crazed '50's tyke). Rousing musical score by Elmer Bernstein
	is great and keeps it all moving. Directed in three frenzied days
	by Phil Tucker, who also did the little-known and equally
	hysterical Lenny Bruce vehicle _Dance Hall Racket_.
	From "Danse Macabre" by Stephen King: ...I made a grave mistake
	concerning Robot Monster (and Ro-Man can be seen, in a mad sort
	of way, as the forerunner of the evil Cylons in Battlestar Galactica)
	about ten years ago. It came on the Saturday night Creature Feature,
	and I prepared for the occasion by smoking some pretty good reefer.
	I don't smoke dope often, because when stoned everything strikes me
	funny. That night I almost laughed myself into a hernia. Tears were
	rolling down my cheeks and I was literally on the floor for most
	of the movie. Luckily, the movie only runs about sixty-three minutes;
	another twenty minutes of watching Ro-man tune his war-surplus
	shortwave/bubble machine in "one of the more familiar Hollywood caves"
	and I think I would have laughed myself to death.

108 The Slime People (Commando Cody part 6)
	Pre: Crow - Portrait of a Morning Person
	Inventions: J: Bulging Eyes  MS: Screaming Cotton Candy
	Skits:	Bots vs. Commando Cody
		Why was this film made?
		Ship filled with fog
	Post: Silicon Diode Pie
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Slimy creatures from
	under the ground surface and begin a reign of predictable and
	laughable terror.

109 Project Moonbase (Commando Cody parts 7 & 8)
	Pre: Robot baths / Pictionary
	Inventions: J: Water Juggling  MS: Insect-a-sketch
	Skits:	Servo plays Commando Cody
		Ties of the future
		SPACOM--1001 uses
	Post: Gravity Fun
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley, Neil Brede
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
		This episode is dedicated to the memory of Alan Hale, Jr.
	Notes: From "Future Tense: The Cinema of Science Fiction": Set in 1970,
	it starts with the first orbital flight around the moon being
	organized from a United States space station in orbit around the
	earth. The pilot of the spaceship is to be a female officer called
	Colonel Breiteis ("Bright Eyes," a typical Heinlein touch) and she
	is to be accompanied by two males-- Major Moore and Dr. Wernher.
	Little does anyone realize, however, that the Dr. Wernher who
	arrives at the space station is not the real one but an enemy
	impostor. The ship leaves its base on schedule but during its trip
	to the moon Moore discovers the truth about Wernher; they fight and
	in doing so activate the wrong set of controls which sends the shop
	hurtling out of its orbit. With their fuel almost gone they are
	obliged to crash-land the rocket on the moon's surface. They
	survive the landing but are stranded on the moon. Relations between
	Moore and the false Wernher do not improve and, during the erection
	of a television aerial on the summit of a moon mountain Wernher
	falls to his death. This leaves Breiteis and Moore alone on the
	moon, something that the American public finds very disturbing, and
	when communication with the space sation is established again one
	of the first things their commanding officer does is order them to
	marry-- to appease public opinion. Their marriage is subsequently
	performed-- via television-- by Madame President of the USA and the
	American public is able to breathe more easily.
	From "The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction": This rarely-seen, low-
	budget SF film is of interest mainly because Robert Heinlein worked
	on the screenplay. A group of space explorers take off for the Moon
	from a station orbiting Earth. The aim of their expedition is to
	select a site for a lunar base, but their rocket crash-lands on the
	moon and only three survive. One of the survivors subsequently dies
	and the remaining two, a man and a woman (Colonel Breiteis!) are
	then married via television by the President of the USA (who, in a
	typically Heinleinian touch, is a woman). The ambitious idea is
	undermined by a very small budget reflected in Jacuqes Fresco's
	inadequate special effects.
 
110 Robot Holocaust (Commando Cody part 9)
	Pre: Joel explains show/"Human"/film broke (during Commando Cody)
	Inventions: J: Nitro-Burning Funny Pipe  MS: Stocking Mask of the Future
	Skits:	The We-Zone
		SitCom Simulator
		Servo the Fur-Clad Hero
	Post: "Name the Plant Guy" brainstorm
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley, Neil Brede
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
		Audio Post Production: IVL Post, Minneapolis

111 Moon Zero Two
	Pre: Joel explains show/eats vicariously through viewers/
		Larry's hair is lifeless
	Inventions: J: Teleporting Food  MS: Mouth-to-Mouth Celebrity Toothpaste
	Skits:	Tribute to Neil Armstrong
		Games of the future
		Zero-G Fight
	Post: Name good thing/bad thing for RAM chip
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley, Neil Brede
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
	Notes: From "The Science Fiction Encyclopedia": At the same time as
	the first actual moon landing, Hammer Films were making this quasi-
	Western, set on the Moon, and the results were predictably absurd.
	One of the hoariest of pulp Western plots is dressed up with a lot
	of colourful space hardware: a poor but honest space pilot/cowboy
	is forced by a group of villains to capture an asteroid of pure
	sapphire, but his principles triumph and he foils their plans. The
	special effects are unexpectely convincing, considering the
	relatively small budget, but the film has no other strength.

112 Untamed Youth
	Inventions: J: Never-Light Pipe  MS: Tongue Puppets
	Skits:	Greg Brady--An American Legacy
		Inside Gypsy's brain
		Gypsy is sick
	Post: Who's the goofy guy?
	Credits: Additional Production Assistants: Melanie Hartley, Neil Brede
		Additional Production Staff: Jim Erickson
		Audio Post Production: IVL Post, Minneapolis
	Notes: One of the minor players in the film is the late Eddie Cochran,
	best known for "Summertime Blues" and "C'mon Everybody."

113 Black Scorpion
	Pre: MS tried to make cold fusion walkman and failed / Party
		Like It's 1990
	Inventions: J: Man's Party Favor  MS: same thing
	Skits:	Mangled Mexican
		Strange things about humans
		Ray Harryhausen
	Post: Letter of "helpful criticism" for Crow
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": ...teems with stunning
	stop-motion special effects but little else by way of entertainment.
	Mexico is invaded by hordes of giant scorpions a la Them! and the
	army is sent in to wipe'em out. Which they do...almost. One of the
	tinglers escapes to wreak much havoc in a highly populated area
	before duelling to the death with an army helicopter. Despite the
	Harryhausen host segment, this film was one of the last for
	Willis H. O'Brien, Harryhausen's mentor...and the man who created
	King Kong.


Second (Comedy Central) Season (1990-91)
----------------------------------------

Credits:
Head Writer: Michael J. Nelson
Writers: Trace Beaulieu, Frank Conniff, Joel Hodgson, Jim Mallon, Kevin 
Murphy 
Associate Producer: Kevin Murphy
Host Segments Produced (201)/Directed (202-213) by: Jim Mallon
Production Manager: Alexandria B. Carr
Production Assistant: Jann L. Johnson
Toolmaster: Jef Maynard (listed twice in 202-204)
Art Direction: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson
Set Design (not listed in 206): Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson
Gizmonic Devices Designed by: Joel Hodgson
Special Effects and Other Fancy Stuff: Trace Beaulieu
Additional Visual Effects: Industrial Plumbing and Heating
Hexifield Viewscreen Designed and Constructed by (beginning 205): Mark 
Gilbertson 
Post Production Supervision: Kevin Murphy, Alexandra B. Carr, Jann Johnson 
(207-213), Jim Mallon (207) 
Editor: Tim Paulson (201-205, 207-213), Randy Davis (206)
Lighting: Ken Fournelle, Kevin Murphy
Audio: John Calder, Fred Street (204)
Make-up: Faye Burkholder (201-203, 209-213), Clayton James (204-207)
Interns: Nathan Molstead, Tamra Lewis (201-212), Amy Kane, James Smith (201-
208), Michelle Molhan, Robert Czech 
Post Production Facilty: IVL Post, Minneapolis
Video Services: Fournelle Video Production Services
Special thanks: Randy Herget, Skyline Displays Inc., Bryan Beaulieu, The 
Teachers of America 
Executive Producers (beginning 205): Joel Hodgson, Jim Mallon

201 9/22/90 Rocketship XM
	Pre: Changes on ship/new Servo voice/new assistant in Deep 13
	Inventions: J: BGC19 (Drum Set)  MS: same
	Skits:	The reporters of Rocketship X-M
		Selective gravity class
		What are your dreams?
		Song Lyrics - space vixen
        Post:  "You Wouldn't Show Marooned, Would You?"
	Credits: Valeria: Michael J. Nelson
		Jerry: Brent Peterson
		Slyvia: Alex Carr
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Cheap attempt to cash
	in on George Pal's Destination Moon, Rocketship X-M is something
	of a classic in its low-life caliber. A rocket miscalculates its
	fuel supply and winds up stranded on Mars with no way to get back.
	Talk about poetic justice. First appearance of TV's Frank,
	Kevin Murphy as Tom Servo, and the "By this time, my lungs were
	aching for air" catchphrase.
Field}

202 9/29/90 The Side Hackers
	Pre: Cleanup the ship
	Inventions: J: Gretchen the Slinky  MS: Personal Slinky Train
	Skits:	Side hacking song
		Side hacking jargon
		The Life of Rommel & visit by J.C.
	Post: "Love Pads the Film"
	Credits: Gooch: Frank Conniff, J.C.: Michael J. Nelson
		Jerry: Nathan Molstead, Slyvia: Amy Kane
		"Sidehackin'" Written and Performed by: The Brains
		Additional Music by: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: Cambot adds commentary during Sidehacking race. This was
	the first of two Ross Hagen biker epics.

203 10/6/90 Jungle Goddess (Phantom Creeps part 1)
        Pre:  Hide and Seek with the Elusive & Inexplicable
                Forces that Control the Universe
	Inventions: J: Radio Arm Saw MS: Doctor Sax
	Skits:	Bela's OK discoveries
		Magic Binoculars & Scopes
		Colonists arrive
	Post: "My White Goddess"
	Credits: Imperialistic Alien 1: Michael J. Nelson
		Imperialistic Alien 2: Jim Mallon
		Jerry: Jim Smith
		"My White Goddess" Lyrics: Jim Mallon, Frank Conniff
			Music: Michael J. Nelson
			Sung by: "The Kevins" (Kevin Murphy)

204 10/13/90 Catalina Caper
	Pre: God Bless Tweekie
	Inventions: J: Tickle Bazooka  MS: Tank Tops
	Skits:	The Sixties
		Creepy Girl
		Gun Tupperware Party
	Post: What the Sam Hill was going on?
	Credits: Jerry: James Smith Sylvia: Robert Czech
		"My Creepy Girl" Lyrics: The Brains, Music: Michael J. Nelson
		Additional Special Thanks: Eli Mallon (Koochy-koochy-koo)

205 10/27/90 Rocket Attack USA (Phantom Creeps part 2)
	Pre: Servo gets robot haircut
	Inventions: J: Button Candy Adding Machine  MS: Water Foosball
	Skits:	The Cold War--Charlie McCarthy Hearings
		Civil Defense Quiz Bowl
		Visit from Cosmonaut
	Post: Review of the plot.  Letter: Issac Asimov rabbit
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Joel Hodgson
		Sorri Andropoli: Michael J. Nelson

206  11/3/90 Ring of Terror (Phantom Creeps part 3)
	Pre; Fake Movie Sign
	Inventions: J: Pin-bolus MS: Lifesize Operation Game
	Skits:  The Old School
                Vacuum Autopsy
                Name a Good Thing about This Movie for a RAM Chip
        Post: "If Chauffeurs Ruled the World"
        (NOTE - Phantom appears after the movie)
	Credits: Special Guest Writers: Jann L. Johnson, Alexandra B. Carr
		This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Trace Beaulieu
		On-line Post Production Facility: Fuller Productions
		"If Chauffeurs Ruled the World" Lyrics: Frank Conniff
			Music: Michael J. Nelson
 
207  11/17/90 Wild Rebels
        Pre:  Crow & TS take over ship functions / Joel has a nice
		chat with Gypsy
        Inventions:  MS:  3D Pizza	J: Hobby Hog
        Skits:  Famous Motorcycle Riders
		Wild Rebels Cereal Song
                Gypsy and Joel together
        Post:  Distract yourself from the pain & weird hats
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Jim Mallon

208  11/24/90 Lost Continent
	Pre: Team Rally
	Inventions: J: <none> MS: Mobile Stationary Walker, etc.
	Skits:	Visit from Hugh Beaumont, Horseman of the Apocalypse)
		"The Explorers" - A Quinn Martin Production
		Hey, Look at That Cool Thing!
	Post: Padding--A Film Style
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Kevin Murphy
		Cryptodad: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Average film with
	predictable plot. A group of scientists, looking for a lost rocket,
	crashlands on a prehistoric land mass and stumbles across countless
	dinosaurs of various shapes and sizes.
	This show introduced "Rock Climbing".
	Notes: Average film with predictable plot. A group of scientists,
	looking for a lost rocket, crashlands on a prehistoric land mass
	and stumbles across countless dinosaurs of various shapes and sizes.

209  12/8/90 Hellcats
	Pre: Everyone's sick with a cold.
	Inventions: J: Sign Language Translator: MS: <none>
	Skits: Dear Diary (Tom Servo)
		Dear Kitty (Crow)
		Dear Sandy (Joel)
	Post: Dear Richard (Gypsy)
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Joel Hodgson
		Additional Music: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: Tom Servo's "Dear Diary" segment is recycled from the first
	season's "Crawling Hand." This gives newcomers a chance to hear
	Josh Weinstein doing Servo, however briefly.

210  12/22/90 King Dinosaur  (X Marks The Spot)
	Pre: Joel reads poetry/Dr. F fixing elevator
	Inventions: J: The Incredibly Stinky Sweatsocks MS: The Pocket Scientist
	Skits: Am I Qualified? (Crow gets activized)
		Joey the Lemur
		Emotional Scientist
	Post: Yet another Lippert Film
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Trace Beaulieu
		Jerry: Nathan Molstad
		Additional Music: Kevin Murphy, Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Inane little premiere
	film by Bert I. Gordon about life on the planet Nova where dinosaurs
	(lizards) terrorize visiting explorers. The star of the show was
	a gila monster.
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Inane little premiere
	film by Bert I. Gordon about life on the planet Nova where dinosaurs
	(lizards) terrorize visiting explorers. The star of the show was
	a gila monster.

211  12/29/90 First Spaceship On Venus
 	Pre: Joel raises Servos' sarcastic sequencer
	Inventions: J: Junk Drawer Helper MS: none
	Skits: Foam Robot
		Visit from a gorilla
		Klack recipes ideas
	Post: Sarcastic Servo, Servo's head blows up
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Michael J. Nelson
		The Gorilla: Crist Ballas
		Abe Vigoda's Back: Michael J. Nelson
		Additional Music: "Klack Holiday Serenade":
			Michael J. Nelson "O Sweet Mother O Mine": Kevin Murphy
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Foreign-made sci-fi with
	accent on brotherhood-- and boredom. A group of international
	astronauts investigate technicolor space scenery. The "Klack recipe
	Ideas" is one of the better host segments. Dr. Forrester missnames
	movie as "First Spaceship *to* Venus."
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Foreign-made sci-fi with
	accent on brotherhood-- and boredom. A group of international
	astronauts investigate technicolor space scenery.

212  1/19/91 Godzilla vs. Megalon
	Pre: All these stories and more--not!
	Inventions: Household Halloween costumes MS: Foosball goalie costumes
	Skits: My monster is better than your monster!
		Rex Dart - Eskimo Spy
		Orville Redenbacher skit
	Post: Jet Jaguar Fight Song / New Limbs / Letter
	Credits: This Week's Creative Pit Boss: Joel Hodgson
		Additional Music: "Rex Dart Action Theme": Michael J. Nelson

213  2/2/91 Godzilla vs. The Sea Monster
	Pre: The Velveteen Rabbit
	Inventions: J: Mind-Control Guitar MS: Squeeze Toy Guitar
        Skits:  The Godzilla Geneaology Bop
		Jeol has been in space too long...
                Models Made from Household Items
                Crow and Tom contact Mothra
        Post:   Film Fallacies and Truths
                Winners of "Cool Thing" Contest
	Credits: Additional Writer: Faye Burkholder
		Mothera: Michael J. Nelson
		Roadies: Sylvia: Robert Czech, Jerry: Nathan Molstad
		Additional Music: "Geneology Bop": Faye Burkholder,
			Kevin Murphy Music: Kevin Murphy
		Squeeky Toy Orchestra: Michael J. Nelson, Jef Maynard,
			Alex Carr

Third Season (Comedy Central) (1991-92)
---------------------------------------
Credits for this season:
Head Writer: Michael J. Nelson
Writers: Trace Beaulieu, Frank Conniff, Joel Hodgson, Jim Mallon (301-306), 
Kevin Murphy, Colleen Henjum (306-308), Paul Chaplin (313-324)
Contributing Writers: Bridget Jones, Lisa Sheretz (302-305), Colleen Henjum 
(302-305, 309-324), Jim Mallon (307-324), Paul Chaplin (307-312)
Host Segments Directed by (starting 303): Jim Mallon, Michael J. Nelson (234)
Associate Producer: Kevin Murphy
Production Manager: Alexandria B. Carr
Technical Supervisor: Timothy Scott
Production Coordinator: Jann Johnson
Toolmaster (starting 303): Jef Maynard
Manager of Business Affairs: Heide LeClerc
Post Production Facilty: IVL Post, Minneapolis
Video Provided by: Fournelle Video Production Services
Audio: Fred Street (301, 310, 318, 320, 322), John Calder (302-303), Bob King 
(305), Brian Wright (306-310, 312-317, 319, 321, 323-324), Timothy Scott (319) 
Editor: Tim Paulson (301-303)
On-line editor: Timothy Scott (305), Tim Paulson (306-307, 309-310, 313-316, 
319, 323), Karen Lindsay (308, 311-312, 317-318, 320-322, 324) 
Audio editor: Timothy Scott (beginning 305)
Post Production Supervision: Kevin Murphy (301-303), Timothy Scott
Post Production Coordination (beginning 303): Alexandra B. Carr, Jann L. 
Johnson
Art Direction: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson (not listed in 303)
Set Design: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson, Jef Maynard
Gizmonic Devices Designed by: Joel Hodgson
Lighting: Ken Fournelle, Kevin Murphy
Hair and Make-up: Faye Burkholder (301-310), Clayton James (311-312, 315-
316, 318-324), Mary Flaa (313-314), Andrea J. DuCane (317) 
Prop Assistant: Barb Oswald (303, 320), Lori Schackmann (308), Carolyn Sloat 
(312) 
Interns: Thomas Alphonso (301-312), Cyn Eells, Tom Henderson (301-312), 
Christopher Wurst, Cindy Hansen (313-319) 
Additional Music Written and Arranged by Michael J. Nelson (305-306, 310-311, 
313-318, 322-324), Kevin Murphy (314, 316, 323-324), Frank Conniff (322)
Special thanks: Bryan Beaulieu, Skyline Displays (Inc), (The) Teachers of 
America, Bill W. 
Executive Producers: Jim Mallon, Joel Hodgson


301 Cave Dwellers
	Pre: Favorite New Name
	Inventions: J: Smoking Jacket   MS: Robotic Arm Wrestling
        Skits:  Opening "Credits"
                Fancy Prop Names (extraordinary names for ordinary objects)
                Sound Effects - Foley
        Post:   Continuity Problems
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writer: Christopher Wurst
		Gerry: Christopher Wurst
		Additional Music: "Jupiter" written and arranged
		by Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: Real title of this film is either "Blade Master" or "Ator the
	Blademaster." It's a sequel to the immortal "Ator the Fighting
	Eagle." Joel Hodgson claims that Miles O'Keeffe, star of this
	clunker, saw the show and called him up to tell him how much he
	enjoyed watching it. O'Keeffe apparently said that making the film
	was such a surreal experience, that watching it get skewed was lots
	of fun.

302 Gamera
	Pre: Warming up, "Commercial siiiign"
	Inventions: J: Portable Salad Bar  MS: Bird Cage Vacuum Cleaner
	Skits:	Love song to Tibby
		Why we hate Kenny
		Visit by Gamera
	Credits: Gamera: Michael J. Nelson
		Additional Music: "Tibby, Oh Tibby"
		Written and Arranged by Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: "From the Gamera Filmography" GAMERA aka GAMERA, THE INVINCIBLE
	(1965), the first genre film to feature a child in a leading role,
	and the last one to be shot in black and white, was released in
	theatres in the United States, unlike all of the subsequent movies
	in the series, which were shown only on American television, with new
	footage featuring Brian Donlevy and Albert Dekker added to it.
	There is a war on, and an aircraft armed with nuclear weapons
	is shot down in the Arctic. As the plane crashes, a nuclear blast
	occurs. A giant prehistoric turtle emerges from the crash site
	shortly afterward, and attacks a nearby ship. It then makes its way
	to Japan, and destroys a geo-thermal power plant. A plan to
	temporarily freeze the creature and turn it onto its back with
	explosives proves unable to stop it, and the monster then heads for
	Tokyo, where it wreaks havoc. A new plan to use a trail of fire to
	lure the giant turtle into a rocket that will be shot off into
	space is put into effect, but just as the creature begins to follow
	the trail, rain begins to fall, and the fire goes out. 

303 Pod People
	Pre:  "Robot on the Run" - a work in progress
	Inventions: J: New Guitar Chord         MS: Public Domain Karaoke
        Skits:  New Lyrics for Unintelligible Song (Ave Maria) (It Stinks!)
		"I'm a Virgin" T-shirt
                Music from Some Guys in Space (wall of keyboards)
                "You Are Magic, Aren't You Trumpy?" - Great Facial Expressions
        Post:   "Where Does All the Magic Go?"
	Credits: Additional Music: "A Clown in the Sky" Written
		and Arranged by Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy 

304 Gamera vs Barugon
	Pre: User interface war
	Inventions: J: Audio-animitronic pop can MS: Disco Cumber-Bubble-Bund
	Skits: 5,000 Fighting Men and Monsters Set
		T.G.I. Tokyo
		Hollywood stars in Gamera movies
	Post: Read more about it
	Notes: From the "Gamera Filmography" GAMERA VS. BARUGON aka WAR OF
	THE MONSTERS (1966), the only Gamera film without a child in it,
	played in Japan at the same time as MAJIN, MONSTER OF TERROR,
	the first of three movies, also produced by Daiei, featuring
	a giant samurai warrior made of stone. Three Japanese treasure
	hunters travel by ship to a remote island in the South Pacific,
	and there find an object which they believe to be a large opal.
	The object is accidentally exposed to infra-red light during the
	voyage back to Japan, and shortly afterward, a prehistoric creature
	hatches from it and quickly grows to enormous proportions. When the
	ship reaches port, the creature causes widespread destruction,
	in part by giving off an energy ray similar in appearance to
	a rainbow. Gamera soon appears, having been attracted by the ray,
	and the Japanese military finds itself having to fend off not one,
	but two, giant monsters.  --- David Milner

305 3/28/92 Stranded in Space
	Pre: shooting gallery
	Inventions: J: "Bang" Uzi, knife, dynamite MS: "Bang" harpoons, nunchuks
	Skits: Toddlers TV Trading cards
		What "Ward E" is to me
		Kill Hooker! And Silence Magnum Poimanently!
	Post: Tom Servo -- Executive Producer
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writers: Jann L. Johnson,
		Alexandra B. Carr 
		On-line Editor: Timothy Scott
		Audio Editor: Timothy Scott

306 Time of the Apes
	Pre: Tee Ball, Baseball season
	Inventions: J: Cellulite Phone  MS: Miracle Baby Wonder Growth Formula
	Skits:	Why Johnny doesn't care
		Scopes monkey trial
		Crow T. Robot's Fashion Minute
	Post: Sandy Frank song
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writers: Lynn-Anne Freise,
		Craig Tollifson, Tom Wedor, Jann L. Johnson,
		Alexandra B. Carr 
		Miracle Growth Baby (before): Eli Kenneth Mallon
		Miracle Grwoth Baby (after): Timothy Scott

307 Daddy-O (Alphabet Antics)
	Pre: Hanging round the water cooler
	Inventions: J: Air Freshener Mobile     MS: "Alien" Teething Nook
        Skits:  "Hike Your Pants Up" song
                The Drag Race
                Spit-Takes/Visit from Near-Sighted Guy
        Post:   Fruit Slapping
                Button Problem
	Credits: Bruce: Michael J. Nelson
		Additional Music: "The Pants Up Song" arranged with lyrics
		by Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy; "Baby Music" written
		and arranged by Michael J. Nelson

308 Gamera vs Gaos
        Pre:  Lucille Ball Meets Harvey Firestein
        Inventions:   J:  Kleenex Phone  MS:  Self-Image Printers
        Skits:  How to Make Gaos
                Gameradamnerung
                The Amazing Gaos (spinning Gameras)
        Post:  Ways to Snuff Gaos
	Credits: Additional Music: "Opus 4, Number 23, Plate Spinning Song"
		Written and Arranged by Michael J. Nelson 
	Notes: From the "Gamera Filmography" GAMERA VS. GAOS aka RETURN
	OF THE GIANT MONSTERS (1967) proved to be the most popular series
	entry in Japan. A volcanic eruption arouses a huge vampire bat that
	has a special affinity for human blood. Gamera appears and twice
	does battle with the creature, but is forced to withdraw each time
	after being injured by a supersonic sound beam emitted by it.
	It is soon discovered that sunlight is harmful to the giant bat,
	explaining why it appears only at night, and a plan to disorient
	the creature so it will be unable to retreat to its underground lair
	when the sun comes up by luring it with a substance similar to blood
	onto a rotating restaurant located on top of a hotel is then put
	into effect. At first it appears that the plan is going to work, but
	when the mechanism which keeps the restaurant turning breaks down,
	the creature escapes.
	--- David Milner

309 12/7/91 The Amazing Colossal Man
	Pre: Hiding from Joel
	Inventions: J: Non-Permanent Tattoos    MS: Music-Reviewing Plant Guy
        Skits:  Sensitivity Training (Things not to say around the
			wife of a nuclear accident victim)
                Joel gets HUGE!
                Arrival of the Amazing Colossal Man
        Post:   Things the Colossal Man could have done
	Credits: Robert Plant: Kevin Murphy
		Glen: Michael J. Nelson
		Additional Music: "Beethoven's Waldstein Sonata"
		Performed by Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From "Horrors From Screen to Scream": ...stands as being
	an imaginative film that holds up under the strain of low-budget
	blues. Col. Glen Manning (Glenn Langan) is the victim of a freak
	accident during the detonation of the first plutonium bomb.
	When a plane crashes near the site of the blast, Manning dashes
	to the wreckage only to receive the full force of the deadly blast
	head on. His skin burned from his body, Manning surprises military
	doctors by growing new skin and then growing to new heights.
	With radiation affecting his growth rate, the colonel's burgeoning
	body at first startles him, then enrages him as he realizes how
	freakish his condition is. Manning is troubled even more by a
	weak heart that cannot keep up with the antic of his ever-growing
	bulk. Langan offers a sensitive portrayal of the army freak, but
	the script gives him little to work from. Limited in scope and
	budget, the film ends on the usual monster-on-the-loose note.
	(War of the Colossal Beast is a sequel.)

310 Fugitive Alien
	Pre: Joel is a farmer, Gypsy is a cow
	Inventions: J: Musical Chair  MS: Auto-Rhino-Laryngilogical Dropper
	Skits:	Hat Party
		Ship Captain Joel
		Screenplay model
	Post: Buttons on the suit, Jack Perkins gets genetically altered
	Credits: Jack Perkins: Michael J. Nelson
		Special Make-up: Crist Ballas, Glen Griffin

311 It Conquered The World  (Snow Thrills)
	Pre: Ventriloquism with Crow as the Woozle who's name is Peanut
	Inventions: J: Sony Seaman      MS: Halloween Costume Nooses
        Skits:  Winter Sports Cavalcade
                Coffee Clash (Dinner with the Lockhorns)
                Famous Hollywood Siblings
        Post:   Peter Graves' Ending Speech
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writers: Jef Maynard,
		Jann Johnson, Alexandra Carr, Timothy Scott 
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Roger Corman cranked
	out this cute little quickie recounting the adventures of a cucumber
	creature from outer space who invades the earth via a pseudometeor
	and then proceeds to attempt to take it over. Aided by eight winged
	things (sort of vampire bats from beyond the sky types) who bite
	their victims and turn them into space zombies, the creature
	terrifies a number of Earthlings.
	From Future Tense: "The Cinema of Science Fiction": Lee Van Cleef
	stars as a scientist who is seduced with promises of fame and fortune
	by a Venusian who needs some assistance in conquering the Earth.
	The Venusian needs all the help it can get as it resembles
	Humpty Dumpty and is just about as maneuvarable. Living in a cave,
	it sends out little flying-bat creatures which fasten on people's
	necks and plant electrons in their spines, making them puppets
	of the alien's will. Eventually the scientist has a change of
	heart after his wife falls victim to the thing, and he decides
	to destroy it. In the film's hilarious climax we first see the
	creature ignoring a fusillade of army bullets and bazooka shells
	and then being overcome by the scientist, who wields a simple blowtorch.

312 Gamera vs. Guiron
	Pre: School lunches
	Inventions: MS: Psychology Today Centerfolds J: Collapsible Garbage Can
	Skits: Bouncy Gamera Song
		World of Amusement and Child-like Wonder
		Richard Burton--One of the Good, Dead ones
	Post: Gamera marching song / Michael Feinstein's "Gamera" at
		piano bar
	Credits: Michael Feinstein: Michael J. Nelson
		Additional Music: "Gamera (in its many forms)"
		Performed by Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From the "Gamera Filmography" GAMERA VS. GUIRON aka ATTACK
	OF THE MONSTERS (1969), the only Gamera movie in which a monster,
	other than Gamera, first seen in a previous series entry again
	appears in new, rather than stock, footage, had a few of its
	more graphic monster scenes edited out of it before it was released
	in the United States. Two curious children enter an alien space ship
	which has landed in Japan, and travel to the planet Tera in it.
	There, after witnessing a battle between a giant creature with
	a sharp, pointed head and one similar to monster Gaos,
	the children meet two alien women who lead them to believe that
	they will be well cared for when, in fact, the women plan to
	kill them. --- David Milner

313 Earth vs. The Spider  (Speech: Using Your Voice)
	Pre: Inside the robot mind
	Inventions: MS: Cheese Phone  J: CD-Player Blow Dryer
	Skits: Earth vs. Soup
		Visit from the Custodian of the 7th Galaxy
		Creepy Crawlers (sic transit)
	Post: Homework essays

314 Mighty Jack
	Pre: Joel's dead--not!
	Inventions: MS: Formal Flipper  J: "Ear" ear-muffs
	Skits: Mighty Jack Dog Food
		Boy, is he smart!
		Aquarium Camerawork
	Post: "Slow the Plot Down" shanty

315 Teenage Caveman  (Aquatic Wizards/Catching Trouble)
        Pre:  BORED - Poker game
        Inventions:  J:  Rainy Day Epicacs  MS:  Frank Threatens Dr. F
        Skits:  Catching the Great White Ross
                Fight in Deep 13 (with Star Trek fight music)
                Arguments against Change
        Post:  "We are the result of a a mad movie-watching experiment ..."
	Note: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": An intellectual caveboy
	crosses into the forbidden zone and finds out exactly why the
	elders choose to hide the origins of their species.

316 Gamera vs. Zigra
	Pre: Orbiting Root-Beer Kegger
	Inventions: MS: Three Stooges Guns  J: Crow-shish-ka-bob
	Skits: Tour of Gamera
		Gamera Diaramas
		Visit from Kenny and Helen
	Post: Interpretations of the Gamera Theme Song
	Credits: Kenny: Michael J. Nelson
		Helen: Bridget Jones
		Roadies: Kevin Murphy, Jef Maynard
		Additional special thanks: St. Paul Harley Davidson
	Notes: GAMERA VS. ZIGRA (1971), which has been shown only on cable
	television in the United States, was released in Japan just a few
	months before Daiei went out of business for seven years because of
	insolvency. After destroying a base on the moon, an alien spaceship
	makes its way to Earth and settles at the bottom of the ocean. An
	announcement then comes from it that the planet going to be taken
	over, and that people are going to be used for food. The military
	proves ineffective against the ship, but Gamera soon appears and
	destroys it. A creature somewhat similar in appearance to a shark
	emerges, and it quickly grows to enormous proportions because of
	the difference between the water pressure of its home planet of
	Zigra and that of the Earth. The two monsters do battle, and
	although the alien creature seems at first to be outmatched, the
	Zigran, even more intent on taking over the Earth now that its
	means of returning home has been destroyed, soon manages to
	immobilize Gamera with a light ray that stops all cellular activity.
	--- David Milner

317 Viking Women and The Sea Serpent (The Home Economics Story)
	Pre: Wonderful World of Waffles
	Inventions: MS: Reanimate Meat  J: Waffle Iron
	Skits: Naming New Uses for Waffles
		Waffles!
		Willie the Wisecracking Waffle
	Post: Waffles the Song

318 12/28/91 Star Force: Fugitive Alien II
        Pre:  The Nature of Puppets and Their Symbiotic Relation with Man
	Inventions: J: Big Head         MS: Big Noses (Super Schnoz)
        Skits:  Emergency 911: Tom Servo is Dying
                Captain Joe Action Figure
                "Fugitive Alien" Song Medley
        Post:   The Ultimate Bad Guy
	Credits: Additional Music: Lyrics: Kevin Murphy

319 War of The Colossal Beast  (Mr. B Natural)
        Pre:  Create-Your-Own Mexican Junk Food
        Inventions:  J:  Between Meal Mortar  MS:  Breakfast Bazooka
        Skits:  Mr. B Natural - Woman or Man?
                Who's That Guy with the Big Head
                James Ungateen (?) KTLA Predicts
        Post: Bad movie/bread made from home perm
	Credits: Glen: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Bert Gordon's sequel
	to his successful Amazing Colossal Man has gigantic Col. Manning
	coming back, but this time as an enraged and slightly battered
	(as a result of his bazooka-induced dive from Boulder Dam in the
	last film's finale) titan bent on destruction. Great goings-on
	as the giant wrecks everything in sight before being electrocuted
	on high-voltage wires. "Mr. B. Natural" is one of those instances
	where everything works. Great intro for your friends. The
	"KTLA Predicts" host segment sneaks in a nifty reference to
	Dr. Bronner's Pure Castile Soaps ("Dilute! Dilute! OK! OK!").
 
320 12/14/91 The Unearthly (Posture Pals, Appreciating Our Parents)
	Pre: 'Bots tape funny (dangerous!) home video
	Inventions: J: Celebrity Home Appliances      MS: Hard Pills to Swallow
        Skits:  Appreciating Gypsy
                The Many Faces of Tor Johnson
                "The Unearthly" Home Game
        Post:   Dead End Kids' Lingo
	Credits: Paint Box Artistry: Jef Maynard

321 Santa Claus Conquers The Martians
	Pre: Christmas catalogues
	Inventions: J: Misfit Toys      MS: Wish Squisher
        Skits:  "Let's Have a Patrick Swayze Christmas"
                Christmas Specials
                Christmas Essays
        Post:   Joel and Bots' Stockings
                Mads' "Gift of the Magi"
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writers: Lynn-Anne Freise,
		Tom Wedor, Craig Tollifson, Bob Schrad, Christopher Whiting 
		"A Patrick Swayze Christmas" Music and Lyrics: Michael J. Nelson

322 Master Ninja I
	Pre: American muscle cars
	Invention Exchange: J:  Pop-up classics MS: Gourmet IV bags
	Skits: The Van Patten Project
		Ninja Tom Servo
		Nun-chuks: "Chuks" Brainstorm
	Post: Funk Fusion TV-Action Band: Master Ninja Theme Song
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writer: Mike Gandolfi 

323 Castle of Fu Manchu
	Pre: Satellite of Love Marching Band
	Invention Exchange: Servo: Telephone Chip  J: Big Head  MS: Stinky Bomb
	Skits: Miss Saigon Syndrome
		Magic Carpet Trouble
		What's the Deal with Fu Manchu?--breakdown
	Post: You haven't won--you/ve lost!
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Tired of remaining
	dormant, Fu Manchu (Christopher Lee) and demonic daughter once
	again decide to take over the earth. Once again they are stopped.
	This film nearly broke'em-- skits performed with much sobbing and
	weak bravery. The film is, ya gotta admit it, pretty damn boring.

324 Master Ninja II
        Pre:  Improv Theatre
        Inventions:  J:  Gerbil Sphere II  MS:  Conveyor Belt Buffet
        Skits:  Dream 70's Van
                Col. Timothy Van Patten
                Pets for Fictional Detectives
        Post:  Lee Van Cleef Foam Core Doll, Favorite Movies
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writer: Mike Gandolfi 
		Additional special thanks: St. Paul Harley Davidson
 

Fourth Season (Comedy Central) (24 episodes, 1992-93)
-----------------------------------------------------

Credits for this season:

Head Writer: Michael J. Nelson
Writers: Trace Beaulieu, Kevin Murphy, Frank Conniff, Joel Hodgson, Paul 
Chaplin, Bridget Jones (402-424), Mary Jo Pehl (404-424)
Contributing Writers: Colleen Henjum, Jim Mallon
Host Segments Directed by: Jim Mallon (402-403, 405-413), Kevin Murphy (404, 
414, 417, 420, 423), Joel Hodgson (415, 418, 421), Trace Beaulieu (416, 419, 
422) 
Associate Producer: Kevin Murphy
Production Manager: Alexandria B. Carr (401-414), Jann L. Johnson (415-424)
Technical Supervisor: Timothy Scott
Production Coordinator: Jann L. Johnson (401-414), Ellen McDonough (415-424)
Toolmaster: Jef Maynard
Manager of Business Affairs: Heide A. LeClerc
Production Assistant: Ellie/Ellen McDonough (403-414), Sarah E. Wisner (417-
424)
Video Provided by: Fournelle Video Production Services, St. Paul (MN)
Audio: Brian Wright (402-414), Timothy Scott (414-424)
Editor: Timothy Scott
Associate Editor: Bradley J. Keely
Post Production Coordination: Alexandra B. Carr (401-414), Jann L. Johnson, 
Ellen McDonough (415-424)
Art Direction: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson, Jef Maynard
Set Design: Trace Beaulieu, Joel Hodgson
Lighting: Ken Fournelle, Timothy Scott (403-408, 416-417, 420-424)
Engineering: Rob "the engineer" Burkhardt
Hair and Make-up: Clayton James (402, 404-408, 410, 412-413, 415-424), Andrea 
J. DuCane (403, 409, 414), Crist Ballas (411) 
Prop Assistant: Barb Oswald (402), Patrick Brantsey (417-424)
Toolmaster Jr.: Barb Oswald (403-405, 410)
Interns: Patrick Brantsey, Nathan Devery (402-412), Brendan Glynn (402-403), 
Suzette Jamison (402-409), Steven Sande (402-405), Curtis Anderson (413-424), 
Kelly Ann Nathe (413-417)
Additional Music Written and Performed by: Michael J. Nelson, Kevin Murphy 
(418)
Special thanks: Skyline Displays Inc., Teachers of America, Mark Gilbertson, 
all MSTies coast-to-coast, the authors of the 1st Amendment
Executive Producers: Jim Mallon, Joel Hodgson

401 6/6/92 Space Travelers
	Pre: The Great Crowdini
	Inventions: J: Dollaroid  MS: Facial Tissue (with faces)
	Skits: American space race advancements
		Astronaut and CB lingo
		Problems we may have to face
	Post: Find the finder of lost loves
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writer: Bridget Jones
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": A good idea is a bit
	overworked in this John Sturges remake of his own Jeopardy (1952).
	While the world watches, a team of astronauts are lost in space.
	Maintaining voice communication, the spacemen calmly talk to the
	earth below of their helplessness and the population of the world
	screams for a rescue attempt.

402 6/13/92 Giant Gila Monster
	Pre: The thing with two heads/odd couple 1999/Forrester's dead
	Inventions: J: Prop Old Sitcom/Movie Radio
		MS: Renaissance Festival Punching Bags 
	Skits: Stupid/soda jerk
		Favorite funny drunk
		Servo on cinema (blocking) 
	Post: Hee-la rock group
	Credits: Additional Writer: John Carney
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Before the era of
	cheap sex and gore in the film industry there was such a thing
	as banality for banality's sake. Herein lies such fantastic stuff.
	A giant gila monster makes the rounds in tinker-toy towns and
	terrorizes local teens who are always pictured driving around
	in their hotrods or having sock hops. (This is the type of film,
	by the way, where the actors all use their _real_ first names
	in the script.) The lizard is eventually beaten by a brave lad
	who drives his hotrod full of nitro into the belly of the beast.
	Some fun, eh kids?

403 City Limits
	Pre: Ping pong balls/Servo has Crow's eyes
	Inventions: J: Fun Friend from Stake
	MS: Tupperware Container to Lock in Pop Star Freshness/Tupperware Coffin
	Skits: "Ode to Kim Cattrel"
		New comic superheros (Fantastic 85)
		Fantastic 85/185 continued 
	Post: City Limits trivia game
	Credits: Additional Writer: John Carney
		Morrisey: Michael J. Nelson

404 6/27/92 Teenagers from Outer Space
	Pre: NBC mystery movie electro-shock (*zap!*)
	Inventions: J: Scratch-and-sniff Report Cards
		MS: Resusci Annie Ventriloquism 
	Skits: Reel to real, Snacks in waste receptacle, Skelton visit
	Post: Duct tape fashions
	Credits: Resusci-Anne Provided by: Nancy Mason
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream":
	A young man from out of this world is sent to do the Earth in.
	Complications arise when he falls in love with a local teen queen.
	To make matters even worse, a monster from his spaceship is loose
	and, from what the audience can see of its shadowy form, it appears
	to be a lobster. With love showing the way, the homo sap from space
	guides his invading comrades' fleet into the side of a large hill.
	Destroying himself, the big lobster, and the thousands of ships in
	one large splat (unseen), the unearthly adolescent makes the
	supreme sacrifice in saving Earth.
	An excerpt from "The Incredibly Strange Creatures who Stopped
	Living and Became Mixed Up Zombies," by Lester Bangs. (Collected in
	Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung):
	"I recall reading an item on the entertainment page of the
	daily paper after Teenagers from Outer Space came out to the effect
	that responsible people all over were so turned off by this pic
	that the financial angels and bureaucratic bosses of the studio
	that sponsored and released it ganged up on the poor guy that made
	the film, and gave him a good talking-to about devoting his talents
	to such a piece of trash, and even if it was his first film he
	should think of the public interest, etc. The item ended by saying
	that the guy had actually apologized, and promised to do better
	with the money that was given him for his second film."
	(For those of you who haven't heard of Lester Bangs, he was a rock
	critic for various 60's and 70's era magazines such as Crawdaddy
	and Creem.  "Psychotic Reactions..." collects some of the best of
	his work, and should be required reading for anyone attempting to
	understand rock and roll.  Just ignore what he says about Lou Reed
	[he's far too enthusiastic] and Yes [he doesn't understand them].---Rsk)
	"Tom Graeff" Profile from Re/Search: Incredibly Strange Films:
	"Some directors make dozens of movies, but never anything
	memorable. In 1959 Tom Graeff made only one movie, Teenagers From
	Outer Space, but it's enough to earn him a place in this book. It
	featured giant lobster shadows and 'alien" teenagers in silver
	jumpsuits and motorcycle helmets."

405 7/4/92 Being from Another Planet
	Pre: Twenty questions
	Inventions: MS: Tragic Moments Figurines
		J: Jack Palance Impersonator Kit
	Skits: Lost in Space fan
		Haunted boiler room
		Joel's rainy day fun sketch and hexascreen holo-clowns 
	Post: TV's Frank Shopping Network
	Credits: Holo-clowns: Michael J. Nelson, Paul Chaplin

406 7/18/92 Attack of the Giant Leeches (Undersea Kingdom 1)
	Pre: Holo-clown sequencer
	Inventions: MS: Leech Nicotine Patch  J: SOL Insty Adolescent Kit
	Skits: Dress to take over the world
		Coffee and dreams
		"I'm a Danger to Myself and Others" 
	Post: Problems with film
	Credits: Holo-clowns: Michael J. Nelson, Paul Chaplin
		Giant Leech: Kevin Murphy
		Additional Music: "A Danger to Ourselves and Others",
			Michael J. Nelson, Joel Hodgson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": A small town situated
	in the Florida everglades is terrroized by a bad script, inept
	direction and several man-sized leeches. A bloody bore.

407 7/25/92 The Killer Shrews (Junior Rodeo Daredevils)
	Pre: Present time
	Inventions: MS: Revenge on people from the past (destroy the Earth)
		J: Jim Henson's Edgar Winter Babies 
	Skits: Will Rodgers thing, Killer Shrew board game, Killer Shrew drink
	Post: 'Bots are killer shrews/Frank had too much Killer Shrew drink
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writer: Steve Hollenhorst

408 8/1/92 Hercules Unchained
	Pre: Annual wash and wax day
	Inventions: MS: Decorator roaches  J: Steve-a-meter
	Skits: Gypsy's Olympiad set
		mythic foods (The Waters of Forgetfulness)
		'Bots try to get Joel to explain birds and bees
	Post: Why these movies?
	Credits:  Additional Contributing Writer: Don Jurek
		Steve Reeves: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Hercules comes to the
	attention of a queen who picks her lovers and then disposes of them
	by having them stuffed and mounted, in that order. Engagement notices
	are posted and Hercules begins to sweat.

409 8/15/92 Indestructible Man (Undersea Kingdom part 2)
	Pre: Joel is crazy?/party in Deep 13
	Inventions: MS: For men (but women like it, too)  J: Cereal Novels
	Skits: Any excuse for a parade
		What would you do if you were indestructible?
		Lon Chaney eye thing
	Post: Affidavit to stop cop donut jokes/MS get noise ticket
	Credits: Additional Contributing Writer: David Sussman
		Officer Kevin: Kevin Murphy
		Officer Mike: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": As a killer brought
	back to life after his electrocution, Lon Chaney, Jr. stumbles
	through a role which apparently has been patterned after his
	first monster thriller, _Man Made Monster_.  As soon as he is
	released from his confines, the monster begins killing all those
	who sent him up the river way back when. Dreadful gangster story
	is heightened in sheer futility by a ludicrous "you are there"
	type narration describing the killer's moves as he makes them.

410 8/22/92 Hercules Against the Moon Men
	Pre: Crow and Servo run away from home/sand storm/DEEP HURTING!
	Inventions: J: Freak out  MS: <none> (woven into tapestry of the movie)
	Skits: Boobie trap, 'Bots get implants/new tough-guy name, "Pants!"
	Post: Changing actors
	Credits:  Additional Music: "Ode to Pants" Written and
		Arranged by Michael J. Nelson, Frank Conniff
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Hercules battles
	creatures from outer space while his audience battles nausea.
	When a country enslaved by moonmen and forced to undergo strange
	sacrificial rituals for the brigade of baddies from beyond cry
	out for help, Hercules gets miffed.

411 8/29/92 The Magic Sword
	Pre: Joel is caricaturist
	Inventions: J: Big Gulperets  MS: Bio-hazard Clean-up Pillow
	Skits: Basil Rathbones (for dogs)
		Life in the Middle Ages
		"Ode on Estelle"
	Post: Curses on TV
	Credits: Additional Music: "Ode on Estelle" Written
		and Arranged by Michael J. Nelson, Paul Chaplin
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream":
	Fantasy filmmaker Bert Gordon's finest achievement. George, a
	lowly subject and the stepson of an elderly witch named Sybil, has
	long been the admirer of the kingdom's beautiful princess. When
	evil sorcerer Lodac kidnaps the girl to feed his pet dragon, George
	tricks his stepmother into revealing what magical treats she has
	cooked up for his twenty-first birthday. Locking mother dear in the
	basement, George collects his wondrous assortment of gifts (a magic
	sword, six of the bravest warriors in the history of the earth and
	a magic horse) and sets out to save the princess. Along the way he
	meets vampire hags, giant ghouls, deadly swamps and the ever-
	popular dragon. Confronting Lodac in his castle, George is
	surrounded by misshapen pinheads, dwarfs and a race of tiny people
	no more than six inches tall. Masterful fairy tale.

412 9/12/92 Hercules and the Captive Women
	Pre: Gypsy joins the experiment.
	Inventions: MS: Lawn-baby  J: The Womb-mate
	Skits: Good natured brawling
		A History of Hercules
       		Hercules Action Figure
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Hercules visits the
	lost city of Atlantis and gets lost among the Amazons currently
	inhabiting the struggling, sinking city. Matching wits with the
	evil queen, battling live-giving rocks, Hercules escapes. Don't
	you wish you were that lucky? (Also known as _Hercules and the
	Conquest of Atlantis_.)

413 9/19/92 Manhunt in Space (General Hospital #1)
	Pre: Servo is color blind
	Inventions: MS: "Utne Reade" Neo-Salon Bean Bag Pants
		J: Paper recyled clothes
	Skits: Soap opera
		"Space" modifier
		Winky visits
		Calls from home
	Post: Crow is guitar, Servo is amp/Mads can't get up
	Credits: Winky: Michael J. Nelson

414 9/26/92 Tormented
 	re: Crow, Servo and Gypsy in ventilation shaft
	Inventions: J: Aunt C/Katherine Wheel  MS: Drinking Jacket
	Skits: Joel's fallen from shaft
		Pop singers to drop from a lighthouse
		'Bots are bodiless
	Post: Happy thoughts and good things

415 11/25/92 The Beatniks (General Hospital #2)
	Pre: Rock, Scissors, Paper
	Inventions: MS: Good luck Troll Costumes  J: Pocket Pool
	Skits: These people aren't beatniks!
		Tont Travis: Teen-bot idol
		I'm Going to Make You a Star!
	Post: Is "dickweed" a swear word?  Crow in moon mode.

416 11/25/92 Fire Maidens of Outer Space
	Pre: Proper Posture--Crow's New Friend Timmy
	Inventions: MS: The Big Checkbook  J: Nike Airchilada
	Skits: Double Entendre
		The Twin-Screw Universal Controller
		Timmy - He's got to go
	Post: They're still sitting around!--letter--Timmy finds a new home
	Credits: Timmy: Jef Maynard
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream":
	More film flop. Fantastically abysmal production values
	equalled, if not surpassed, by totally outrageous plot. Space
	explorers meet a tribe of lost women and a few robots who menace
	everything in sight while classical music drones on in the
	background. Talk about cultural commitment.

417 11/28/92 Crash of the Moons (General Hospital #3)
	Pre: GRIT Salescrow
	Inventions: MS: Deep 13 Toothpaste  J: Rock 'n Wreck Guitar
	Skits: "The Gypsy Moons"
		Banner Grams
		Another Teleplay by Crow T. Robot
	Post: Visit from John Banner
	Credits: John Banner: Michael J. Nelson
	Additional Music: "The Gypsy Moons" Written and Arranged
		by Michael J. Nelson, lyrics by Bridget Jones 
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": Another bunch of
	Rocky Jones television rejects spliced into a stew of space sap.

418 12/5/92 Attack of the Eye Creatures
	Pre: Tom and Crow are *friends*
	Inventions: MS: Router Ouiji Board J: Funny Gag Fax
	Skits: Tom Servo analyzes "making out"
		Earl Holliman!
		The Rip Taylor Trio (Because it's FUNNY!)
	Post: They just didn't care.
	Credits: Larry Buchanan: Michael J. Nelson
	Notes: "Larry Buchanan" Profile from Re/Search: Incredibly Strange
	Films: "...During the latter half of the sixties, Buchanan was
	hired by AIP to make eight made-for-television movies-- for which
	he is best remembered. The first, The Eye Creatures, is a remake of
	the Ed L. Cahn sci-fi comedy, The Invasion of the Saucer Men. Most
	of ths subsequent AIP-television films were also remakes of
	previous AIP films, among them: Creature of Destruction, Year 2889,
	and the unforgettable Mars Needs Women.
	"These films were made on the lowest budgets imaginable. Some
	of them used the same rubber monster costume. The most meorable is
	Zontar, The Thing from Venus, a remake of Roger Corman's 1956
	classic It Conquered the World... 
	"Buchanan is noteworthy for his paranoia. A firm believer in
	almost any conspiracy theory, he's made several movies purporting
	to tell the "truth" about subjects that the government (or
	Hollywood) have hushed up... [Down On Us], manages to ties the
	deaths of Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison into a weird
	anti-rock conspiracy plot."

419 12/12/92 The Rebel Set (Johnny at the Fair)
	Pre: Joel reads scarey bedtime stories
	Inventions: MS: TV's Frank's Quick Primp Kit
		J: Paint-by-number Mark Rathko 
	Skits: Crow's acting lessons
		What would you do in Chicago?
		Merritt Stone 
	Post: Who is Merritt Stone?
	Notes: Edward Platt ("The Chief" from "Get Smart" plays a
	beatnik criminal mastermind.

420 12/26/92 The Human Duplicators
	Pre: Redesigning the 'bots/Mads have the sillies
	Inventions: J: Beanie-Chopper (should have gone through the roof)
		MS: William Conrad Fridge Alert 
	Skits: Spaceship craft project
		Servo duplicates himself
		Hugh Beaumont attacks
	Post: 'Bots admit to being robots
	Credits: Hugh Beaumont: Michael J. Nelson
		William Conrad: Kevin Murphy
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": A scientist sets up a
	mad lab to create a race of androids. Enter a giant from space to
	lend a not-so-helpful hand in the project and things get
	interesting (hopefully).

421 1/9/93 Monster A-Go-Go (Circus on Ice)
	Pre: Blessed are the Cheesemakers
	Inventions: MS: Johnny Long Torso  J: Non-violent Action Figures
	Skits: Gypsy doesn't "get" Crow.
		Keep-away.
		That Pina Colada Song
	Post: Tom, the Hap-py King!
	Notes: "Monster A-Go-Go" is credited to Bill Rebane, but the truth is
	far more EVIL!!!!
	Herschell Gordon Lewis made his mark by inventing the Gore film in
	the early 60's with "Blood Feast", "2000 Maniacs", and "Color Me
	Blood Red". But he made lots of films for Southern drive-ins,
	and one of these was a little hillbilly action flick called
	"Moonshine Mountain". He needed to get the film out fairly quickly,
	but he also needed a second feature for it. He searched around and
	found that Bill Rebane had been making a film called "Terror At
	Half Bay", and had run out of money. Lewis bought it, and
	discovered he had 100,000 feet of nothing. Some sequences were done
	but there was very little connecting footage. He shot closeups of
	hands, feet, people walking down halls, ANYTHING to get this one to
	hang together. He redid the dialogue <such as it was> and added the
	crummy narration. Using the name "Sheldon Seymour", Lewis did the
	new dialogue, narration, and editing. Dubbing it "Monster-A-Go-Go",
	he foisted this puswad onto the public, and it actually did quite
	well down south, with "Moonshine Mountain". 

422 1/16/93 The Day the Earth Froze (Here Comes the Circus)
	Pre: Family Portrait
	Inventions: J: Snaction  MS: Unhappy meals
	Skits: Ideas for a Clown Act
	What, I implore you, is a sampo?
	Gypsy: A One-Woman Show
	Post: Delicately wafting scents borne by the wind--letter
	Credits: "Gypsy Rose Me" Written and Arranged by
		Michael J. Nelson, lyrics by Mary Jo Pehl
	Notes: From "Horrors from Screen to Scream": A Swedish fantasy
	with some fine photographic wonders but a mixed bag of a plot.
	Hampered by a low budget and wooden characters, the film should
	appeal to the kids. A witch orders the sun not to rise and earth
	is turned into a ball of ice. Valiant heroes and a machine known
	as the "sampo" combat this Wizard of Oz reject.
		--- Michael Grubb

423 Bride of the Monster (Hired!)
	Pre: Watching Crow's dream
	Inventions: MS: Tough Love Seat  J: Microwave Faith Popcorn
	Skits: "Hired!" by the SOL Community Players
		Monsters of the Sea
		A World Without Advertising
	Post: Re-edit of the final scene--letter
	Credits: Camera: John Finley
		"Hired! Song" written and arranged by Micheal J. Nelson,
		Kevin Murphy
		This episode dedicated to the spirit of
		William A. Murphy.  Thanks, Dad.

424 Manos: Hands of Fate (Hired!)
	Pre: Wonderful Joel
	Inventions: MS: Chocolate Bunny Guillotine  J: The Cartuner
	Skits: The scenic tour
		Frank apologizes
		Scary exaggerated features
		Joel: the Master of Darkness
		Forrester apologizes
	Post: Lady wrestling game/Torgo's pizza delivery

