Newsgroups: rec.arts.animation
From: bgrubb@dante.nmsu.edu (GRUBB)
Subject: Johnny Quest episode Guide was Re: Johnny's Golden Quest on USA Network
Message-ID: <1petdkINN73e@dns1.NMSU.Edu>
Date: 1 Apr 1993 14:15:16 GMT
Organization: New Mexico State University, Las Cruces, NM
Lines: 274

There is such a list on ftp.coe.montana.edu here is a reprint of it:
"THE JONNY QUEST EPISODE GUIDE
-----------------------------

(All episodes listed here are from the original run of the series in 1964-65.)
Plus I should point out that there are plenty of what would be considered
SPOILERS if these shows hadn't been shown hundreds of times in the last
26 years. If you are SPOILER ALLERGIC, do not read!!!


1. MYSTERY OF THE LIZARD-MEN

Dr. Quest is called in to investigate a series of ships disappearing in
the Sargasso Sea. The plot, involving frogmen disguised as lizardmen, is
to use a laser beam to bring down the Man to the Moon rocket launch. Jonny 
and Race get captured and then escape and Dr. Quest foils the evil plans.
(This is one of the episodes that Hadji does not appear in.)

2. ARCTIC SPLASH DOWN

Dr. Quest and some enemy agents are in a race to recover a rocket brought
down in the Arctic by the enemy agents in an attempt to get ahold of Dr.
Quest's new missle directional device.

3. THE CURSE OF ANUBIS

My personal favorite episode along with "The Robot Spy". It involves an
Egyptian nationalist who steals a statue of the god, Anubis. He calls in 
Dr. Quest to investigate. His plot is to blame the theft on Dr. Quest in 
order to unite his peoples against the West. Little does he know that his
theft has awakened a 2000 year old, giant, unstoppable mummy bent on 
revenge. The thief traps Dr. Quest and Race in a catacomb and unleashes 
some poisonous asps to do them in. After they are freed by Jonny and Hadji,
the evil-doer meets his ends at the hands of the giant mummy.

4. PURSUIT OF THE PO-HO

Dr. Quest is called in to rescue a fellow scientist captured by the Po-Ho 
natives. Dr. Quest tries to use an airplane and a loudspeaker to do the old
"I am a god." trick on the natives but his trick backfires, and he gets
captured and is due to be sacrificed along with the other scientist. Race
stains himself with purple berry juice and pulls off the same "I am a god."
trick with more success and rescues the Doc and his friend.

5. RIDDLE OF THE GOLD

The first episode shown with the evil Dr. Zin, this has one of the more
complicated plots of the series. A henchman of Dr. Zin, Cassim, and the
Marharajah of some country are involved in a scheme with Zin to manufacture
gold. They have captured the scientist who has perfected the process and
lure in Dr. Quest to bump Quest off since Quest is determined to be the 
only other person that would be able to determine the gold is man-made.
Cassim kills and impersonates the Maharajah after the latter attempts a
greedy double-cross. After several attempts on the Quests, Jonny and Hadji
discover the captured scientist. Just as he warns them,, they are all
captured and put in a cave to be killed. Bandit ends up saving the day, and
Dr. Zin escapes vowing to return.

6. TREASURE OF THE TEMPLE

Dr. Quest and party go to explore some Mayan ruins in South America. They
don't know some bad guys are already there looking for a hidden treasure.
The crooks attempt to frighten off Dr. Quest and party to no avail. After
Jonny and Hadji stumble over the treasure room, the whole gang is captured
only to be rescued by a native the party had befriended earlier. In an
escape in an underground river and cavern, shooting weakens several
stalactites and.... well, you can guess what happens to the bad guys.

7. CALCUTTA ADVENTURE

(This is the episode that details how Hadji became part of the Quest clan.)
In India to demonstrate a new sonic beam device of great power, the Quests
meet and Indian orphan Hadji, and Hadji's friend, the Pasha Peddler (who
has the voice of the Maytag Repairman) a con man and salesman deluxe.
Checking out some sick natives, Quest finds a hidden mountain installation
who is responsible with their nerve gas experiments. Dr. Quest gets captured
and Pasha and the boys help Race rescue him. The sonic device takes care of
the snow covered moutain base.

8. DR. ZIN'S ROBOT SPY

Dr. Quest is working on a para-power ray gun (hey, I just relate the plot
lines!) and Dr. Zin sends a indestructible spider-like one-eyed robot spy
to spec it out. Nothing from tanks to flame throwers can stop the robot from
escaping with the plans until the para-power gun is used itself.

9. DOUBLE DANGER

This episode has it all. Dr. Zin plus one of only two appearances by the
sultry competant Jezebel Jade, mercenary-spy and Race's (ex?) flame.
Anyway, while Dr. Quest is researching a vine that will produce a suspended
animation effect on astronauts, Dr. Zin captures Race and replaces him with
an exact double. Zin wants to use the drug to produce nations of helpless
zombies at his control. The double is discovered after a suspicious Jade
asks phony Race for a kiss and the plot is discovered and foiled. As Jade
explains later, "There is only *ONE* Race Bannon!" adding to Race's 
reputation in ways the family hour would never allow!

10. SHADOW OF THE CONDOR

While flying through the Andes, plane problems cause Race to land on a 
hidden mountain top lair inhabited by a World War I German Baron and air
ace. The Baron manuevers Race into a dogfight combat in WWI planes but
doesn't bother to load Race's guns with ammunition. It looks like curtains
for Race until the title star comes winging in and causes the Baron to crash.

11. SKULL AND DOUBLE CROSSBONES

While Dr. Quest is exploring deep-sea marine life, Jonny finds a portion of
some Spanish treasure. The cook on the Quest's boat is a planted bad guy who
was hoping they would discover where the treasure was. After the Quest crew
is captured, Bandit swims to the Police and brings them back to save the day.

12. DREADFUL DOLL

Dr. Quest is called in to check out a little girl on a Caribean island who
seems to have been hoo-dooed by voo-doo. Dr. Quest, spoiling the whole
atmosphere of the episode, announces almost immediately that the girl has
been drugged. Seems someone wants to contruct a secret submarine base and
is using the voo-doo scare to get plantation owners to leave. First, Jonny
and Hadji recue a captured Race and then they all rescue the captured Dr.
Quest and foil the bad guys.

13. A SMALL MATTER OF PYGMIES

Played mostly for laughs with lots of short and little people jokes, Race
develops plane trouble again while flying to meet Dr. Quest (seems plane
repair was not among Dr. Quest's strengths!) and lands smack dab in the
middle of the pygmies. Dr. Quest shows up at the last minute to save Race
and the boys and gets the important letter Race was bringing him. An 
invitation to a talk on "Are Pygmies a Warm and Friendly People?"

14. THE DRAGONS OF ASHIDA

Dr. Quest goes to visit Dr. Ashida, a scientist gone off the deep end. Seems
Ashida is big on one on one combats, first involving giant lizards agianst
each other and then him against Race. But Race pisses him off by beating
him. After the party tries to leave the demented doctor's island, they are
forced back by the giant lizards. Now Race must face Ashida's giant
henchman, Sumi, in one on one combat to win the party's escape. Race wins
again but Ashida tries to keep them and throw Sumi to the giant lizards. But
they escape and Sumi makes Dr. Ashida the lizard-snack instead.

15. TURU THE TERRIBLE

Written in every globe-trotting scientist's handbook is the rule, "Thou
shalt uncover at least one land of lost dinosaurs." This time, the Quests
stumble over a pet pteranodon called Turu who is being kept by a wheel
chair bound baddie using Turu to terrorize natives into mining a precious
metal for him. The Quests bust up his scheme by busting up his prehistoric
bird with bazookas. Although the bad guy is a slaver, it still tugs your
heart strings when he leaps into a tar pit to try and save his mortally
wounded pet.

16. THE FRADULENT VOLCANO

After Dr. Quest snuffs out an oil fire with a new invention, an island 
calls him in to do the same to their recently erupting volcano. As a
precursor to SPECTRE's plans a few years later in "You Only Live Twice",
the volcanic eruptions are really Dr. Zin operating from a hidden base in
the volcano testing a new destructive weapon. Zin brings down Race and
Dr. Quest with an invisible ray (which reminds one of the para-power ray
gun he didn't get in "The Robot Spy") and captures them. Jonny, Hadji, and
a police man rescue them, the bad guys are foiled, but Dr. Zin, of course,
escapes yet again.

17. THE WEREWOLF OF THE TIMBERLAND

While hunting for some petrified wood in the Canadian hinterlands, the Quests
run into a logger who is using hollowed logs for smuggling. The bad guy is
using a werewolf costume to try and scare people away, but an Indian called
White Feather (who has Race Bannon's voice) and his pet wolf help Jonny
and Hadji reveal the scheme. Race almost shoots White Feather's wolf after
the wolf fights off the guy in the werewolf costume, but Jonny shows up in
time to save the wolf.

18. PIRATES FROM BELOW

Dr. Quest is working with a new submarine device which, of course, is
also wanted by some nasty bad guys. When Dr. Quest and Hadji are away, Race
and Jonny are captured. After Jonny is threatened, Race turns over the sub
to the bad guys. They escape and are recaptured and this time get Jonny to
reveal where Dr. Quest is by threatening Race. They all get captured, but
Hadji uses some hypnotism hocus-pocus to get them out and the bad guys
are felled by their own traps once again.

19. ATTACK OF THE TREE PEOPLE

Another one played mostly for laughs, as after a boat crash (no planes 
around?), Jonny and Hadji get seperated from Race and Dr. Quest and are
adopted by a bunch of anthromorphic apes. The boys get captured by some
two-bit hoods who later also capture Dr. Quest and Race and force them to
call for a big ransom to get the boys back. But the apes save the boys and
bop the bad guys in some humorous exchanges.

20. THE INVISIBLE MONSTER

Along with "The Sea Haunt", one of my *least* favorites. Most of the time,
Jonny Quest at least tried to vaguely stay within the realm of scientific
possibility, but this episode *really* pushes your suspension of disbelief.
It involves a 20 foot tall invisible energy monster (shades of "Forbidden
Planet") which they find by dropping paint bombs while flying above it in
their portable rocket backpacks. Dr. Quest lures it to its doom by using
light bulbs!

21. THE DEVIL'S TOWER

Borrowing from several other episodes, Dr. Quest loses a weather ballon on
a mile-high plateau which is occupied by another hidden German war criminal 
with an airplane who is using natives to mine for him. They all get captured
and the German tries to fly off with all his mined diamonds. Finding a
hidden passage to get down the mountainside, the German tries to throw
grenades at the Quests, but ends up eventually hitting his own plane. Ka-pow!

22. THE QUETONG MISSLE MYSTERY

Like "Calcutta Adventure", a bad guy's secret base's ecological pollution
ends up sickening some natives which brings in the Quest party. This time
the poison is from missle fuel from a secret missle base led by General
Fong. This time, a phony police man kidnaps the boys to make Quest back
off, but Race and Dr. Quest stage a two-man rescue using knockout gas. In
a race to escape through a mine field, the General orders the mines
exploded just in time to get his own boat.

23. THE HOUSE OF SEVEN GARGOYLES

(Great Swedish cartoon accents in this one!). Professor Erikson has invented
an anti-gravity device called the Erik-on Bar that, naturally, some bad guys
want to steal. A spy is hidden atop the Erikson's castle as a gargoyle. The
gargoyle steals the bar but then is shot by his boss off his perch on the
castle. As the Quests chase the bad guy's sub down a fjord in a helicopter,
the bad guy henchmen try to shoot the helicopter down which only causes an
avalanche that buries them and the bar.

24. TERROR ISLAND

Another great episode with the second and final appearance of Jezebel Jade.
Dr. Quest is kidnapped by an evil scientist growing giant monsters who wants
Dr. Quest to help him. In yet another ecological comment 10 years ahead of
its time, Dr. Quest points out how the bad guy's waste products are growing
giant monsters in the swamps outside. Anyway, Race knows when he is over his
head and goes to Jade for help. Then he decides not to wait for her, and ends
up (with the boys as stowaways) getting captured only to be rescued in the
end by Jade who tells Race, "I told you *I* would handle this." Gotta love her!  The bad guy ends up getting fried along with his giant creations.

25. MONSTERS IN THE MONASTERY

The Quest gang goes to visit Dr. Quest's friend, the Raj Guru, who is worried
that the Abominable Snowmen have come down from the mountains to terrorize
his village. But if you have been paying attention so far, you know it is
some bad guys trying to frighten off the people and topple Raj Guru. Jonny
and Hadji investigate, get captured, escape, have a wild chase scene, and
return with the proof of the scheme. However, since the REAL Abominable
Snowmen show up to polish off the bad guys, it becomes a moot point.

26. THE SEA HAUNT

The series goes out with a poor effort involving a laughable deep sea frog
monster and an offensive Asian galley cook cariacture on an abandoned boat. 
Like the other ridiculous monster in the series, this one is defeated using 
light bulbs and torches. Dr. Quest finds a treasure in gold aboard the boat 
which it is inferred that they will keep and they get rescued by a passing 
plane.

Dave Arlington"
-- 
-- 
Larry W. Virden                 INET: lvirden@cas.org
Personal: 674 Falls Place,   Reynoldsburg, OH 43068-1614


