 +--- ----------- -    --------------------------- -        -      ---------+
 
                            dumb issue number 003.    
                 
                 "my first experience with lsd." by, lucifer 
           
 +--- ----------- -    --------------------------- -        -      ---------+
         
        my ever so crafty cousin supplied me with this article not to long 
 ago.  he gave me permission to use it for dumb, so here it is.  enjoy. 

 belial 
 
 +--- ----------- -    --------------------------- -        -      ---------+
         
        wow, were should i start.  well.  i was at school one day when one of
 my close friends told me about this stuff that was going around. (lsd) he 
 told me that this stuff was the best shit in the world, so i was like maybe 
 one time wont hurt.  anyways, i bought a tab.  a little black/white 
 checkered peice of blotter paper.  took it home, and hid it for the weekend.

        the weekend came quick.  i was excited as hell, because i didnt know 
 what was going to happen to me.  anyway, at about 3:00 pm, my friend and i 
 went to his house (mom wasn't home) and we each put a tab into our mouths. 
 since it takes anywhere from 30 mins. to 45 mins. for the inital effects to 
 kick in, we sat down to watch tv.

        about 35 mins. later, i felt a slight buzzing in my ears.  my friend 
 heard it also.  i got up, and noticed that i felt really, well out of it i 
 guess, i also noticed that the blinds that cover his front window were 
 moving. (there was no fan on, and there was no wind) so i was like "shit 
 your blinds are moving." then the fun began.  we went into his room, put on 
 some music and i just fell onto the ground.  i couldn't move.  i looked at 
 the wall and saw it was like moving and stuff.  anyway.  the music was so 
 awsome.  we were listening to a band called phish, they rock when you are 
 messed up.  they suck when your sober, but damn they rule when your fucked. 
 anyway.  my friend and i thought it'd be better if we started to move.  we 
 got up (took us like 45 mins. alone to get up) and walked around.  it is 
 hard to describe what i felt/saw during this part, because i kinda forgot 
 what i did.  all that i remember doing after that is having my friends 
 sister come home, then we went outside to the park.  i remember we were 
 talking about stuff like "why do we walk?  do our feet tell us to walk?" and 
 stupid shit like that.  it felt like everytime i walked, my feet were left 
 behind and i was floating.  so we are having a dandy 'ole time running 
 around the park and looking at the clouds, when he blurts out "we have to go 
 home, my mom is bringing us pizza for dinner!" so we are walking home, me 
 and him talking about how when we open the pizza box there is going to be 
 some sort of face on the pizza.  so, we get home, sit around for a little 
 bit, waiting for his mom to arrive with the pizza.  she came home, remind 
 you we are at our most intense part of the trip, and we sat down to eat. 
 i'll tell you right now, i didn't think i was going to make it through 
 dinner.  here we are, two tripping fools eating with a mom.  everything 
 going ok.  so then i'm sitting there eating my pizza having a conversation 
 with his mom when all of a sudden, her eye falls onto her plate and her head 
 warps into this thing.  i was like ahhhh, but i couldn't say a thing, or 
 else we would get caught.  so, it passed and her head was back to normal.  
 we got passed dinner, i have no clue how, but we did.  since my parents went 
 out, we trekked over to my house where we spent the rest of the night.

        at about 6:30 we arrive at my house.  alot of weird shit is going on. 
 first off, every time i said somthing, the words came out of my mouth and 
 hit the person i was talking too.  that was fun.  second, i would look at 
 the floor and there would be all these little red  -  purple people there; 
 depending on the floor i looked at.  third, when i looked at the wall paper 
 on the wall, it would move in the awsomest [note:  is that a word? =)] ways. 
 then there were other things (trails, and very strange mental thoughts, 
 along with some weird dreams). 

        at like 9:30 i looked at myslef in the mirror, only it wasn't me it 
 was some old guy with a really long beard.  i got really freaked out and ran 
 out of the bathroom.  then my friend and i went to look at ourselves again, 
 and he made this really weird face.  next thing you know, his head is three 
 feet long.  that was really cool, but it freaked me out.  so, once again i 
 ran out of the dread room (bathroom) screaming. 

        at like 10:30 we were coming down.  so, we slapped acidwarp (tm) onto 
 the computer and stared at it for like 2 hours, =) with some rad music on 
 (phish).  i eventully ended up on my bed, and fell asleep.  i slept so deep 
 that night, with the most excellent dreams i ever had. 

        i woke up with no hangover, and felt great.  no spinal cramps, ect. 

        overall, i'd have to say this was an enlighting expeirence for me. 
 it was spiritual as well as fun at times.  all that shit that the government 
 says and that rot they teach you in school is all fake.  i don't understand 
 how someone could have a bad trip.  if you go in having a bad attitude, you 
 won't have a fun expeirience.  you won't die though.  if you go in under a 
 great mood, i will gauruntee this will be the best expierience of your life. 
 if everyone in the world was natrually tripping, i'll tell you right now, 
 there would be no war.  everyone would get along.  lsd has changed my view 
 of life.  it made me think about things i would have never thought of.  i 
 don't know if i'd ever do this again, but i'll tell you right now, if you 
 ever want to do any illegal substances, i'll say "go with lsd," but be 
 prepared.  it can be intense at times.  as with any drug, treat it with 
 respect. 

 +--- ----------- -    --------------------------- -        -      ---------+
 
