Archive-name: 3plus/xmasfun1.txt
Archive-author: Pussy Barber
Archive-title: Christmas with Shauna And Jean


    I'd met Jean the previous summer while vacationing in Palm Springs with
Shauna, my girlfriend.  Now Jean was coming up to visit us over the Christ-
mas and New Year's holidays.  Shauna was excited about Jean's visit, saying
she'd enjoyed our vacation down south.
    We'd gone to Palm Springs, staying in my boss's "winter house", and she
ran in Jean, on her summer break from UCLA.  Shauna brought Jean back to
the house, introducing us and inviting her for dinner.  Jean's looks are
incredible.  She's tall, about 5'9" or 5'10", lean and tanned, long blonde
hair (middle of back) and a smile that'd tempt a god.  Her breasts are small,
but lovely, her legs are lean and trim.  We ended up having sex in a threeway
and Shauna discovered many firsts about herself on that trip.  She discovered
she was bisexual,  that she could have multiple orgasms and that she could
get turned on by and turn me on by "dirty" talk.
    We picked Jean up at the airport, kissing her and greeting her warmly.  I
took both girls out to dinner at a nice, quiet Italian restaurant.  We talked
about how things were for us, Jean talking about how busy school kept her.
Shauna, no longer that "shy", broached the subject first, telling Jean that
she found she could actually make me come by just talking dirty.  They both
laughed, remembering our 3-way in Palm Springs (Jean likes to watch too, and
she's the one who started Shauna talking dirty).  We paid our bill and took
Jean home with us, talking excitedly all the way home.
    Inside our apartment, Shauna showed Jean around, showing off the new toys
I'd bought (the stereo and vcr), and the well stocked kitchen.  Jean looked
around and sat on the sofa, smiling.
    "Ummm," She started, "Where am I going to sleep?"
    Shauna didn't miss a beat, "With us of course!"
    Jean stood up and kissed Shauna on the mouth, squeezing her breast.
    "Hey now," I said in mock seriousness, "I thought the host'd get one too!"
    Jean turned to me and kissed me on the mouth, her tounge sliding into my
mouth, hungry and wanton.  Her hand rubbed my stiffening cock through my
pants.
    "C'mon." Shauna said quietly, leading us both to the bedroom.  Jean paused
and picked up her suitcase, following us into the bedroom.  The girls kissed
again and I started to undress them.
    I alternated between them, unfastening one button on Shauna's blouse, then
one on Jean's. Back to Shauna, then Jean.  I kept this up until they were
both topless, still kissing each other.  Jean's nipples stood up hard and
firm, Shauna's were the same.  I rubbed my hands over their tits, feeling how
warm they both were.  I moved to place their blouses on a chair and Jean
whispered something into Shauna's ear, causing them to laugh.
    "Take your clothes off and get in bed." Jean said. "We'll be right back."
    They took her suitcase and went into the bathroom, laughing and snickering
the whole way.  I dimmed the lights, leaving just a bare flicker in the bulb
from the dimmer switch.  Undressing quickly, I slid under the covers to await
these horny women.  Their giggles and ooo's and ahhh's in the bathroom made
me stiff, wondering what they were up to.
    "Ready?" Shauna called out.
    "Yep!" I called back.
    The bathroom lights went out, throwing the room into temporary darkness.
They waited until their eyes were accustomed to the dim light and slowly
crept into the room.
    "Close your eyes!" Shauna laughed.
    "No peeking!" Jean reminded.
    Eyes closed, I felt them move onto the bed, then a hand covered my eyes.
    "Keep 'em closed until we tell you!" Shauna said.  I mumbled my agreement
and waited, feeling them move about.  Seconds later I heard one of them gasp
slightly and my cock throbbed with anticipation.
    "O-Ok. You can open your eyes." Shauna said, her voice soft and sexy.
    I opened my eyes and ooo'd at the girls.  Shauna was on her back, legs
wide around Jean, and Jean was wearing a strap-on dildo, sliding into the
hot red-trimmed bush before her.  Shauna was cupping her full breasts, her
fingers pinching the nipples.
    "Surprised?" Jean asked.
    "Ohhhh yesss." was all I could manage, my cock ramrod hard.
    "I've wanted to fuck this sexy bitch ever since last summer." Jean hissed.
"Now why don't you let her suck your cock while I fuck her hot pussy?"
    Shauna and I moaned together, feeling horny.  I moved over and her hand
guided my cock to her,  taking my head into her warm mouth.  She sucked my
cock while I pinched her nipples, watching Jean rock her hips and that dildo
into her.  Jean pulled back and out, showing me the size of the dildo -- it
was about 10" long!
    She slid it back into Shauna's steaming pussy, and her words started out
dirty and got down right nasty as she began her own orgasm.
    "Oooo, suck his cock!" She hissed. "Suck it, make him cum in your mouth!
I want to watch him cum in your mouth while I fuck your sweet pussy.  I'm
gonna make you cum sooo much!  Make us both wet with your creamy cum.  Suck
it. Yeahhh, suck him deeeep, make him cum!"
    I was getting very excited by her dirty talk and Shauna even more so.  Her
hips were rocking up to meet each thrust.
    "Oh baby, you're such a hot slut...sucking his cock while I fuck you!  I
wanna see him flood your mouth full of cum!  I want to see him cum all over
your face...your tits!" Jean was really hot, ready for her own orgasm. "I'm
going to tounge your clit when he cums,  bury my face in your pussy!  Lick
your pussy and eat you 'til you cum too!"
    Shauna couldn't concentrate on my cock anymore, she was too close.  I sat
back, stroking myself, watching them fuck each other.  Shauna used her voice
to help Jean's impending orgasm.
    "Fuck my pussy!  C'mon bitch, I LOVE it!  Fuck me with your dildo!  Make
me cum!  Make me cum and I'll rub my juice all over your face!  You'd like
that wouldn't you?  -- my hot little slut!"
    I felt ready to come too, and I reached out and started pinching the
nipples of both girls.
    "C'mon you hot, wet, little sluts.  Make each other cum!  Cum for us!  I
want to taste you both!" I hissed at them. "I'm gonna suck your cunts all
night long!  Licking your cum from your thighs!"
    The both came, moaning and thrashing, Shauna's legs locking around Jean's
lean body.  Shauna's hips kept rocking, pushing the tickler back against
Jean's clit, making her come again.  When they finally settled down, I kissed
them both, thanking them for quite a thrilling show.
    We cuddled, Jean laying on top of Shauna, me beside them, caressing them
both.  When I unstrapped the dildo from Jean's hips, Shauna rolled over and
said it was her turn, taking the contraption and fitting it around her waist.
I looked at Jean and saw her rolling over, licking her lips and spreading her
legs for Shauna.  An idea dawned and I kissed Shauna and turned to Jean.
    "Do you want to be REALLY fucked good and hard?" I asked.
    Her hand on her pussy, she answered "Ohhhh yesss, fuck me good tonight."
    I pulled her on top of me, and laid down, my cock sliding easily into her
drenched pussy.  Jean knew right away what I had in mind (she'd fantasised
about it since buying the strap-on) and Shauna was looking confused.
    "Fuck my ass Shauna!" Jean moaned. "Fuck my ass with that big cock!"
    It took some work, but we managed to get that enormous dildo in her ass,
and I could feel it sliding back and forth inside her.  Each stroke that
Shauna made also stroked my cock.  In and out, back and forth, Shauna leaning
over to dirty-talk us both off.
    "Ohhh Jean, baby, you're such a hot slut!" She hissed. "A cock in your
dripping wet cunt and a big thick one up your ass!  Ohh your sooo hot, wet
and slick!"
    Shauna had been rubbing Jean's cream all over Jean's ass and her own tits,
making them both wet and slick.  I could feel Shauna's orgasm in her voice
as her talk got progressivly hotter and nastier.  Her words made me feel like
I was going to explode inside of Jean's pussy.
    "I'm gonna fuck your asshole nice and hard, make you cum with your holes
filled full!  When he cums inside you, I'm gonna pull him out and hold him
against your hot wet pussy, watching it spurt cum all over you.  Then I'm
going to lick it off your dripping cunt!"
    Jean started coming loud and hard. Her hips rocking against twin cocks
buried inside her.  I grabbed her and pulled her down, sucking on her large
nipples, tounging her areola and biting her nipples.  She screamed.
    Shauna's sudden withdrawl from Jean's ass suprised me and I felt my cock
begin spurting a gallon of hot white cream.
    "Ohhh GODDD!" I cried.
    Shauna pulled my cock from Jean's pussy, still spurting cum.  I felt her
mouth around me, and I felt warm wetness dripping against the root of my
shaft from Jean's sopping pussy.  Shauna put my cock back into Jean's pussy,
and Jean eagerly rocked me, keeping me hard.  Shauna moved, coming up to our
sides, and grabbed Jean's face, kissing her hard.
    Jean's response was to come again, her pussy contracting and milking my
already spent cock.  I looked up and saw Shauna pulling back, a long white
string of cum running down her breasts.  Jean saw it and began licking it
off, her hips rocking frantically against me.
    The girls laid down, Jean sliding wetly off of me, her head diving for
Shauna's sweet pussy.  While they continued, I took the strap-on that Shauna
had laid aside and went to the bathroom to wash it off (and compose myself).
When I came back, I could see Shauna on her back, licking Jean's pussy as
Jean leaned over and pounded the redhead's pussy with three fingers.  I stood
and watched and they both came, seconds apart, making loud noises together.
Fortunatly, most of our neighbors were gone for the holidays!
    Satisfied for now, we all cuddled up and slept.  Jean woke us at about
two a.m., sucking on my limp cock and fingering Shauna's pussy.  Aroused, we
both kissed while Jean kept working us both.  After about thirty minutes both
of us where terribly horny and Shauna made the first move.  She grabbed Jean
and pulled her up, kissing her for a moment before rolling her onto her back.
She pinned Jean's hands down by her head and slid up against Jean's tits.
    "Fuck me with your tits!" Shauna commanded.
    "Oooo yes.  I want to feel you cream on me." Jean moaned back.
    "Get your cock in her. Fuck her tight pussy hard for me." Shauna hornily
commanded. "Fuck her so she'll fuck me with her tits.  I'm gonna cream all
over your nice big nipples."
    I slipped into Jean's pussy, fucking her hard and fast.  I was careful not
to come, as my position gave me a new, exciting idea.  I was watching Shauna's
pussy open and slide over Jean's small tits, hearing the wet noises she made
each time her lips let go of the nipple.  Shauna was dripping wet, literally,
and her juice was making Jean's nipple and chest all shiny.  I refused to
let Jean wrap her legs around me, holding them up or pushing them down. I had
to be free at the right moment.  Jean's filthy talk exciting me to the edge.
    "Fuck me. Cum in me!" She said to me, then to Shauna, "ohh shit, you wet
slut! Cream on my titties. Let me suck your cream. Spread it all over my face
and tits!"
    Being held down, Jean found light restraint fun (she could've broken it
any time), and the sensation of not being able to move freely drove her wild.
    "Ohhhh, baby!" Jean went on, "you're sooo wet!  Sooo wet and creamy!  Cum
for me!  Cum on my tits...make them wet and slick with your creamy cum!"
    I felt myself started to come, the urge to slam into Jean almost overwhelm-
ing.  I pulled out, hissing my own contribution to our dirty talk as I moved
up and slid hard between the lips of Shauna's sopping cunt.
    "I'm going to fuck her, cum in her cunt for you Jean." I hissed, grabbing
Shauna's tits from behind. "Feel my balls moving?  I'm gonna spurt deep into
her hot slit, filling her with cum!"
    Shauna moaned, ready to come herself.  Jean's hips were rocking and I'm
sure her eyes were glassy with lust.
    "I'm going to cum, then pull out and let you eat that hot jism from her
soaking pussy!"
    Shauna's pussy grabbed my cock, squeezing hard.
    "I'm gonna CUMMMMMmmm" I shouted, dumping all my cum into Shauna.
    Shauna came too, and her hips pumped me for more.  Jean's hips were now
thrashing on the bed, lifting me against Shauna.  I pulled out and pushed
Shauna's ass up to Jean's mouth, seeing her drip both her cum and mine as
she moved up.  I turned around and kissed Jean's clit, intending to lick her
pussy until she came.  The touch of lips on her engorged clit sent her over
the edge, her legs locking straight out.  I caressed her hips and thighs
while watching Shauna greedily hump the her mouth.  Jean's chest and neck
glistened from wetness.
    I told Shauna to turn around, giving Jean a breather.  She half stood,
her eyes glassy, half open, lustful.  Her hand rubbing her clit, I drew her
down toward's Jean's pussy, stopping above it.  I pushed my cock at her.
    "Suck it slut." I hissed, knowing that would set her off. "Suck that wet
dripping cock."
    She swallowed me straight down to the root, amazing me with her mouth.
Shauna seemed lost in a carnal world, ready to do anything.  Jean lifted
her head an made some hand motions.  I tossed her the strap-on and she
used it by hand on Shauna's well fucked, cum drenched pussy.
    "Did you like fucking Jean's mouth?" I asked. "Cumming all over her face?"
    Shauna moaned.
    "Remember the last time," Jean said to Shauna, "that he came in my mouth?
All that hot cum dripping onto my tits?  His warm sperm running down my neck,
my tits, and into your mouth?"
    Shauna let go of my cock to moan and cry out.
    "Ohhhhh! Ohhhh! I'm c-c-cummmmming!"
    She fell onto Jean, convulsing around the massive fake cock inside her
clenching pussy.  She shook and moaned for a while, then started kissing
Jean's mound, thanking her in the best way, for making her come.
    We laid on either side of Jean then, rubbing the come all over her and
making her feel warm and loved before we drifted off to sleep, hugging each
other.

    The following morning we rushed to do some last minute Christmas shopping
and back home to wrap the gifts.  While the girls wrapped gifts, I excused
my self and left on an errand, returning about an hour later.  We were due
over at Shauna's parent's house for an early Christmas celebration, then off
to a party given by some friends of ours.  Jean of course was well known to
Shauna's parents, having been one of Shauna's best friends in high-school, and
we all shared a lovely afternoon, opening presents and eating good food (Oh!
Could Shauna's mother cook!).  Just before dinner, Shauna came over and she
whispered in my ear.
    "Jean and I aren't wearing any panties tonite." She laughed at the shocked
look on my face.  In fact, both Shauna and Jean were wearing only garter belts
and stockings under their almost ankle-length dresses.  I found out later that
they'd changed while I was on my errand.   All through dinner I found myself
fighting a building hard-on, especially as Jean kept looking at me with one
of her seductive looks.   The presents went quickly, and Shauna's younger
brother suprised us all by buying Shauna an emerald green teddy that tied on
the sides.  It was silky, satiny, sexy, LOW cut and very risque.  Even, to my
suprise, eliciting a "Ummm-Hmmmm!" from Shauna's dad.   All in all a nice way
to have fun.
    We left and hit the party, now in full swing.  Jean was welcomed and found
several friends that she hadn't seen in a while, talking excitedly with them.
We enjoyed the party, but everytime she could Shauna whispered one word in
my ear, just to remind me..."panties".  Shameful wench!  I fought the hard-on
again, and tried to enjoy the party (wondering which of the other women were
dressed the same way).  Jean introduced me to one of her girlfriends, a very
attractive brunette with sparkling blue eyes, and the three of us talked for
a bit. While the brunette was talking about something Jean excused herself
and whispered into my ear.
    "Meet me in the bathroom in two minutes. I want to suck you off."
    She simply walked away towards the bathroom.  I must have looked very em-
barrassed, as the brunette looked at Jean too.  She said something about Jean
not handling the spiked egg-nog too well (she hadn't had any).  We talked and
Shauna came over and guided the brunette away, giving me a wink.  I walked to
the bathroom and lightly knocked on the door.  Jean opened the door slightly,
and let me in.
    "Suprise!" She said, standing there in just her garter belt and stockings.
    She knelt down and unzipped my pants and started sucking my cock.  I was
checking the door to the bathroom every three seconds to be sure it was really
locked.  Fortunately, the house had three bathrooms, so no one would pound on
the door, demanding entry.  Jean sat on the floor, her fingers in her slit,
sucking me like a woman possessed.  She looked up at me and cupped her tits
together, daring me to cum all over them.  This was more than this old boy
could handle, what with voices right outside, people milling about, and
Shauna knowing what was going on.  I unloaded my sperm into her mouth,
in body wracking gushes, hearing her swallow my come.  After I came, she kept
some in her mouth, and using her fingers, spread it on her tits.  I lifted
her up and kissed her, not caring about the cum in her mouth and told her
she was a shamless little slut who needed a really good fucking later tonite.
    We dressed and casually rejoined the party, Jean smiling after fixing her
makeup and hair.  I noticed her move over and share a whisper with Shauna,
and Shauna's impish smile to me.  We stayed another hour, watching as some
guy and gal were caught in the garage, his head between her legs.  We left
and drove home, about a thirty minute drive.
    Shauna: "Well, did you enjoy cumming in her mouth?"
    Me: "Ohh Jeeezus!  You two are dangerous!"
    Jean: "Hmmm, you tasted good.  Did you really mean it about fucking me?"
    This talk went on and I wasn't suprised to see Shauna and Jean fingering
each other in the car.
    Me to Jean: "Did you tell Shauna about your tits?"
    Jean: "OH! I forgot!"
    She explained to Shauna about rubbing my semen on her nipples, saying that
it always made her sooo hot.  Shauna of course had to taste them, in the car,
on the freeway!  Somehow we managed to arrive home, fenders intact.
    Halfway across the threshold, Jean started to unzip her dress.
    "Un-Uh!  Not yet!" I warned.
    We went in and unwrapped several Christmas presents, with me handing them
one addressed to them both.  The eyed the package carefully and gleefully
ripped the paper off.
    "Oh my God!" Shauna cried.
    "Oh boy!" Was Jean's repsonse.
    Their gift was a long, 18" double-headed dildo, and electric vibrator with
several controls (more on that later), and some scented body oils.  They both
kissed me several times saying that we'd have to put them to good use.  We
laughed and suggested several ideas, when Shauna got up and came back with a
small package.  She handed me the gift, the tag saying "From Shauna & Jean".
I opened it slowly, teasing them about it.  While I opened the box, both
girls laughed, waiting to see my reaction.  I looked inside and found only a
note, written carefully in Shauna's graceful script.  It said:
    "By the time you read this, we'll have used your present for most of the
     night already.  We bought them for us all, but they're yours, to make us
     your hot and horny sluts any night you want."
I looked up, somewhat confused, until Jean and Shauna demonstrated.  They
both lifted their skirts, showing me their sexy garter belts, and each removed
ben-wah balls from their pussies.
    Jean said she'd never been so horny in her life, and that trying to stay
dignified at the party had been driving her crazy.  Shauna told me that she'd
wanted to rip our clothes off and fuck us both right there in the middle of
the party.  Only Jean's idea sounded more fun and exciting.
    We all hurried to the bedroom, laughing excitedly.  I wanted to watch both
girls "play" with their new toys, and did they ever!  They both took turns
using the 18" double-dildo, then both together.  They lustily talked to each
other and me, making us all very horny.  Riding the double-dildo, they brought
each other off quickly. While they rested, I sparingly rubbed some of the
scented oil on Jean's nipples, finding the aroma and taste pleasant.  Shauna
demanded her turn, and I switched oils, using one that got warm after you put
it on.  I put this sparingly under her breasts, running a line up to her nice
little nipples.  She ooo'd and ahh'd at the sensation, rubbing of the oil on
Jean's breasts too.
    I let them play for a bit, and brought out the vibrator.  Asking for some
"volunteers", I finally chose Shauna.  The vibrator was one that had a head
that pistoned back and forth, and allowed you to bend it, making the "plunge"
off-centered.  It also had a small "tounge" that moved rapidly, aimed right
for the clit of the lucky "volunteer".  I turned it on, and moved it down to
Shauna's excited pussy, Jean holding her in her arms.
    The little vibrator slipped into her pussy easily, and I kept my finger
in the way of the flickering "tounge".  Shauna ooo'd as it pistoned in and
out of her, telling us how good it felt.  I moved my finger aside, letting
the "tounge" flick on her clit.  Shauna gasped, her hips moving up from the
bed.
    "Ohhhhhh!" Shauna gasped. "God!  That tingles!"
    Jean was pulling on Shauna's nipples and rubbing her tits, and Shauna was
rocking her hips up and down against the double-teaming she was getting.  I
watched as Shauna pulled Jean's head down, kissing her fiercely.   Thick,
white cream came from her pussy, her hips rocking faster. I turned up the
controls of the vibrator, making her rock even faster.
    "Ohh God!  Ohhh yesss!  Hmmmmm yesss!"
    Suddenly I turned the controls down, making the change rapid and obvious.
Shauna moaned her displeasure, her hips still moving to the same fast rhythm
as before.
    "Give it to me!  Make me cum!" She pleaded.  Her hands clutched Jean's
arms, her eyes taking on that lusty look.
    I turned it up again, slowly, increasing the speed faster and faster.  Her
hips rocked and shook as she moaned and cried out, deep in her estacy.  Jean
was holding her, cupping her tits, smiling and watching.
    I waited.  When her orgasm came, Shauna raised her hips high off the bed,
moaning loudly, arching her back and closing her legs.  I barely managed to
remove the vibrator from between her legs before she caught my hand.  She
stayed arched for long moments, then fell onto the bed, her hips still rocking
and thrusting.  As she calmed, I bent down to kiss her orange bush, intending
to say "you're welcome".  I kissed her just above her clit.  Her legs opened,
and hips arched, and my lips found her wet slit.  I licked straight down,
just as her hands pressed my face against her pussy.  I tasted her delicious
cream, and she rocked her hips against my face hard and fast.  I kept licking
her and moments later she came again, covering my face with her warm sweet
juice.
    "Ohhh God! Oh my God! Ummmm, yesss, Ohhhh." She purred as she started to
relax after her second orgasm.
    I sat back, my face shiny and wet, smiling at her.  "Now, do I know how to
pick Chirstmas presents or what?"
    Shauna laughed lazily, and Jean chuckled.  I crooked my finger at Jean,
calling her to me.  "Your turn lucious."
    Jean slipped over to me, her eyes telling me that she was ready and very
highly aroused.  She kissed me hard, her tounge licking Shauna's wetness from
my chin and lips.  Jean lay down next to Shauna, reaching over to caress her
orange bush.  I slipped the vibrator between her legs, and switched it on.
Jean moaned right away, her hips quivering as the flickering tounge worked on
her clit.  I varied the speed several times, drawing out her rising orgasm.
While I did, Shauna whispered into my ear an idea she had, and I agreed.
    Shauna took the controls of the vibrator, changing the speed much more
subtley that I did.  I knelt next to Jean, stroking my cock while Shauna
began her part of her idea -- talking.
    "Don't you looove the way it fucks your pussy?" She started. "The little
tounge tingling your clit?  Spread your legs nice and wide for me.  That's it
show me your pussy."
    Jean's eyes were closed, her hands cupping and kneading her tits, pulling
roughly on the nipples.
    "Oooo. He's going to cum all over you while your pussy tingles!" Shauna
cooed to Jena. "I'm gonna watch him cum all over your titties while your
pussy creams.  I want to see his cum all over your delicious tits."
    Jean opened her glassy eyes, trying to focus on me.  She licked her lips
and cupped her tits up to me, offering them.
    "Cum on me..." Jean barely breathed the words out.
    I was nearly there, and Jean's hips were rocking, her carnal instincts had
taken control of her body, making her wanton and lustful.  I told Shauna to
move up next to me.  When she did, I placed her hand around my cock, telling
her to jack me off onto her girlfriend.  Her hand stroked me fast, trying to
beat Jean's onrushing orgasm.
    "Ohhhh, I'm going to jack him off on your tits Jean.  Make him shoot all
his creamy cum onto your nipples, your tits, your face and in your mouth. I'm
going to pump his cum all over you tonight...lick his creamy jism off your
tits...rubbing all over your pussy...making you cum too!"
    I felt my cock swell up, my hips thrust forward, the rush starting.
    "Ohh yes!  Here he CUMS!  Shoot your cum all over our sweet Jeanie!"
    A tremendous rush and my sperm flew out, landing on Jean's neck, dripping
onto the valley between her breasts.  Another rush, this time a thick white
stream spashing against her face and cheek, running down the side of her
face.  Another gush, this time Shauna had pointed my cock at Jean's tits,
and a pearly white gob of cream formed on her right nipple, running wetly
down several sides of her breasts and her fingers.  I was still coming when
Jean let out a long cry and her orgasm arrived.
    "Ohhhh yesssss....uhhhhhhhh!"
    My cock spent the last of it's cum onto Jean's chest, and she was rubbing
it all around her breasts and nipples, her tounge licking some from her lips.
Shauna sucked the head of my cock into her mouth, tounging the last drops off
greedily.  When we finally sat back, watching Jean calm down and relax, we
all cuddled again, and drifted into a lazy sleep.

    This went on until New Year's Eve.  I'd come home from the few days I had
to work between Christmas and New Years, generally finding two lovely women
waiting at home.  One night, I came home and found them cuddled on the sofa,
naked, obviously having a good time in my absense.  I cooked them dinner and
let them enjoy the rest of the evening together in the bedroom, while I sat
and watched a movie.  They called me to bed and we made it once before we all
fell asleep together.  Another night, they cooked dinner for me, having it
ready as I came in the door.  Their sexy looks clued me that I was going to
be desert that night.  They had used their ben-wah balls all day, going out
shopping and such, and were terribly horny.  They gently tied me to the bed,
taking turns getting each other off while I watched.  When I pleaded for them
to have mercy, they took turns sucking me until I came, letting me come into
both their mouths at once, watching them kiss as I creamed.  It's a wonder
that I could do any work at all that week...

    Shauna was terribly excited about New Year's eve, and we'd already talked
about a nice "quiet" night in bed together, ringing in the new year.  I just
figured that she was looking forward to it.  Little did I know that they'd
gone out of their way to rig a very special suprise for me!
    About seven p.m. several of our mutual friends came over, saying that they
were roving from party to party, inviting us to come along.  We declined and
thanked them politely.  After a while the gang left in someone's large van.
All but Alicia.  I'd always liked Alicia, she had a friendly and pleasant
nature.  To say she was pretty was an understatement.  Only five foot two,
but beautiful brown hair, curled attractively around her face.  Her brown
eyes were soft and gentle, her full lips invited kisses, and her tight, slim
figure enticing.  She was sexy without trying to be sexy.  Just so very nicely
put together that to change any part of her would have done an injustice.
    Alicia stayed and we talked until about nine p.m., switching on the TV to
watch the crowds in Times Square.  We made comments about crazy New Yorkers,
braving the freezing cold to stand and cheer a new year.  Someone shut off
the sound as we talked.  Some how the subject turned to sex outdoors, then
to sex indoors, but strange places.  I found myself getting aroused by the
frank discussions the girls were having.
    Jean mentioned wearing the garter belt and stockings (but nothing about
wearing or NOT wearing panties) to Alicia.  Her eyes went wide, and she ooo'd
saying how sexy that was.  I agreed, saying that it made it difficult for me
to keep my hands off.  Laughter.  Shauna said that she'd worn hers with me
when we went to a movie and that she...hadn't worn panties!  (Oh shock!)
Alicia laughed, looking at me and asked Shauna if it worked.
    "Worked?  When I told him he got so hard in the theater I thought his
pants would rip!" Shauna laughed (I blushed).
    Alicia laughed, saying that she liked to do that sort of thing too, but
didn't really like the garter belt and stockings -- to cumbersome.  Alicia
had found some "panty-less" hose that did the same thing and were much more
comfortable.  This time Shauna's eyes went wide and she pleaded to know where
she found them.  Jean wanted to know what they looked like (so did I).  It
was about ten fifteen when Alicia said she was wearing some now (with panties)
and would show them off.  The girls went to the bedroom and after about five
minutes I could hear laughing and excited voices.  I turned the volume up
on "The Year in Review" program running on the tube, trying not to rush back
and see what was REALLY going on.
    Some ten minutes later, Shauna came out, stark naked, followed by Jean,
equally naked leading tiny Alicia by the hand.  Alicia wore only her special
"panty-less" hose and I could not believe what I saw!   She stood there with
the girls, laughing at my wide-eyed stare, and I drank in her lovely form.
The part that had my attention was that her bush was not dark and full, but
neatly trimmed into a heart shape, covering only about one-third of her mons,
and was very light brown, almost as blonde as Jean's!
    Staring (probably open mouthed too), I watched while Jean turned and took
Alicia's face in her hands and kissed her long and deep.  Shauna stood nearby
her hand rubbing between her legs.  They kissed each other in turn, with
Alicia walking calmly over to me and sitting in my lap to kiss me.  I could
barely keep myself from having an orgasm on the spot!  I kissed her, my
hands caressed her soft lean form, cupping her small (32b) breasts into my
palm.  Her tounge was making promises that she was going to have to keep.
    Shauna and Jean sat next to us, and it was Jean who said softly "Shall we
invite her to our little party tonight?"
    The girls let Alicia have the honor of removing my clothes and we all sat
in the living room, touching and caressing each other.  I was really suprised
when Shauna told me what she and Jean had in mind.
    "Lets go to the bedroom.  We want to watch you make love to Alicia." Shauna
told me softly. "We want to be there watching you two while we make love
right next to you."
    We went to the bedroom and began our little foursome, with Alicia and I
moving slowly, each learning what the other liked.  When we back to fuck,
with Alicia on top of me, I worried that I'd hurt her because she seemed so
tiny.  She lowered herself onto me, her pussy damp from the lengthy tounging
I gave her and she began to rock, leaning forward to kiss me passionately.
Much to my suprise, Shauna and Jean were very quiet, kissing and caressing
each other, watching us.  After a few minutes, Alicia's hips were moving in
a wild rhythm, her head back and her hands on my shoulders, riding my cock
into estacy.  I grabbed her hips and pounded my cock into her, slamming her
down onto me, giving her the hard fuck she seemed to want.
    "Yesss. Fuck me hard." Alicia said softly.
    "Cum for me Alicia, cum." I crooned to her.
    "Fuck me.  Cum inside me." She replied.
    "I'll fill you with cum Alicia. Fill you full." I sensed her getting even
wilder, letting go entirely.
    "Yesss, baby, fill me with your cock." She whispered.
    "I want you on your back, your legs around me." I said none too softly.
    Her eyes opened and stared at me, a hot, fiery, carnal look.  She slowed
and stopped with me deep inside her sopping pussy, breathing hard.  She fell
onto me, kissing me wildly with her tounge.  We rolled over, embraced, inter-
twined.
    With me on top, her legs locked around my waist, I began to move inside
her, quickly building the pace.  She pulled me down, bringing my head to one
of her small breasts, the nipple covering most of its end.  I sucked it into
my mouth, swirling my tounge around her areola.  My hands slid under her ass,
cupping her up to my cock, slamming her against me.  I WANTED her, and I was
having her.  I wanted her to come, just as I did, sharing the pleasure that
she was giving me.
    I barely heard Shauna tell Jean, "Eat me."  I saw Alicia look over just
as my head turned.  Shauna was on her back, her head towards the foot of the
bed, legs spread, left leg held back against her stomach by Jean.  Shauna's
fingers were rubbing her clit, while Jean's tounge probed her slit.  Jean
had her hand on her own pussy, her fingers dancing.  I looked back at Alicia,
who turned her head back to me a second later.  Her eyes had that half-lidded
lustful gaze, and sweet Alicia suprised me.
    "Fuck my cunt!  Fuck me.  Cum deep inside my juicy, wet cunt!" She hissed.
"I want you to cum...cum in my pussy.  Then after you get hard, I want you
to cum in my mouth...all over my tits...I want your cum all over me!"
    I suddenly found myself aroused and almost ready to come from her very
unexpected lusty talk.  The way her voice sounded, her eyes, her lips, all
had the effect of bringing me so very close.  I could feel her pussy getting
tighter around me, milking me already.  I let go and returned her words.
    "I'm going to fill your tight cunt full of cum." I hissed back at her.
"Then I'm going to pull out and shoot more on your tits...your face...into
your mouth...cover you with hot, creamy cum...make you wet all over!"
    Her pussy contracted around me, her orgasm starting.  I could hear one of
the girls next to us starting to come too, moaning softly.
    "I want Jean to eat me when you cum!" Alicia cried.
    Jean was busy with Shauna, but I came anyway.  I plunged into Alicia's
tight pussy with several savagely primal strokes, then erupted with like a
fire-hose deep inside her.   I spurted and gushed what felt like a gallon of
cum into her, pulling her tightly too me.  Her pussy spasmed and milked the
sperm from my cock.  Her legs wrapped tightly around me, pulling us even
closer together.
    We lay panting and sweaty, holding each other, with my cock softening in-
side her drenched pussy.  I leaned back, looking into her eyes, her soft
brown eyes, shining with happiness.  We watched as Shauna got off again and
Jean brought herself off while tounging Shauna.  Alicia kissed me on my chest
lightly.
    "Ohhhh, thank you soooo much!" She said, leaning up and kissing me. "I've
never found a guy who could talk dirty like that and have me believe it."
    "You're welcome sexy." I said, feeling her pussy squeeze me tight after.
    Jean moved over to us, asking Alicia if she enjoyed it.  She did.  Jean
reached down and rubbed Alicia's heart-shaped bush, then she slid her mouth
down and licked the bare areas of her mons.  I could feel Alicia's pussy
contract slightly around me as Jean worked her way down.  When she finally
found Alicia's slit, she pushed me back and out, covering Alicia's tunnel
with her mouth.
    Alicia moaned softly.  "Yesss.  Ohhhhh, yesss."
    I sat back, my cock only semi-hard, and watched.  Jean was moving her head
back and forth, licking cum from the small girl's pussy.  Shauna moved over
and sucked on me while we both watched Jean continue her tounging, bringing
Alicia to another climax.
    Shauna brought out the toys, showing them to Alicia, who no longer seemed
sweet and innocent, just terribly enticing.  Shauna used the double-dildo,
putting one end into Alicia, the other into her and leaning over, bending the
plastic cock in half to kiss and lick the small tits of Alicia.   Jean and I
sat and watched as they continued to fuck each other, Shauna entranced by
the small breasts so different from hers.
    Jean got me hard and sat on my cock, facing my feet and feeling up both
Shauna and Alicia's tits.  For the most part, I just sat and watched, enjoy-
ing the spectacle and Jean's eager pussy.  Shauna was about to come, with
Alicia not far behind.  Jean urged them on.
    "Yesss. Cum. Fuck her." She said to them both. "Fuck each other's cunts
while we watch.  Can you see this Alicia?  His cock's in my wet pussy, ready
to cum.  I'll let you eat his cum from me this time.  Suck my pussy and make
your face wet."
    Alicia looked, her eyes glazed over with carnal lusting, her pussy filled,
her tits being sucked by a hungry mouth.  She began to come with Shauna, her
hips bucking against the fake cock.  Shauna's head came back, her mouth open
but silent, her eyes closed.  Jean pulled off of me, and turned around, her
lusty voice asking me if I was ready to come again.  She pulled me onto my
knees and started jacking me off towards Alicia's small tits.  Both girls
were now lost in a carnal universe, their hips rocking wildly.  Jean spoke
for the benifit of everyone's orgasm, including hers.
    "Yess. Cum.  I'm going to jack him off all over Alicia's tits...we can
both lick that creamy cum from her nipples...I want to see her covered in
cum...her tits shiny and wet...her mouth wrapped around your dripping cock."
    Alicia suprised everyone when she let go.
    "Yessss. Jack him off on my tits...suck my tits off...lick that cum from
me...rub your cock all over my face...I want Jean to rub her cunt all over
me too...Shauna's cunt juice on my tits...cover me with your cum...everyone...
cum all over me...soak me...wet me...cum everywhere...cum...cummmmmmm!"
    Alicia's orgasm shook the bed, making Shauna come with her and Jean came
close behind.  I took dead last.  I put my hand over Jean's faltering grip,
and came all over Alicia's tits.  Several long white streams ran down her
chest and stomach, some over one nipple ran down her side.  Jean almost fell
onto that nipple, her tounge licking wildly.  Shauna was several seconds
behind, opening her eyes later than Jean.  Three hips moved lustily as they
tounged Alicia's tits, licking my sperm from her.  Alicia's hand came up and
pulled my cock into her mouth, sucking the last drops from me.
    We heard the fireworks then, and the horns and noisemakers.  We looked at
the clock, and saw that it was just midnight.  What a way to bring in the
new year!

-- pleasant dreams --

--
