A CHRISTMAS CAROLA

My head was full of mixed emotions. The day had been most boring, and
I really didn't like being in town. The reason I was there was that I
was visiting my parents.  After all, it was Christmas. Well, actually
it had been Christmas, and now it was the 26th... Boxing Day...

Visiting 'home' in the north is nice, actually, but a full week of
sleazy cousins... and the whole family... it sure gets to one's
nerves!  I decided to get out and take a walk. Yes, a walk! That was a
good idea... It was already past midnight, and there were lots of
people downtown, returning home from the restaurants in couples,
kissing and hugging.. Drunk. I'd like to be drunk. But, who would I go
to the restaurant with? There's nobody left.. each and everyone seems
to be somewhere else, having a Real Christmas.

It was a cold night, so I took my time dressing up properly. Almost
minus 30 degrees outside... why am I really going to do this?  The
down coat, a wool hat, a final peek from the kitchen window, and could
see her face now. She was staring straight to my eyes. She had a
beautiful face, as far as I could tell. He had a hood of her coat up,
so that very little could be seen of her. She was wearing a long,
thick, warm-looking overcoat, extending down to her ankles, where a
pair of 'nutukkaat' (soft winter boots made of reindeer skin) could be
seen. Slowly, I started to walk again. Slowly. Carefully. I couldn't
get my eyes off her any more. She walked on, too. The snow was making
a kind of crispy sound under my feet. I could hear her steps, already,
too.

Thirty feet. We stopped again, almost simultaneously. Now I could see
her more clearly. Some red hair could be seen under the hood of her
coat. She was smiling! Her smile was somehow captivating. Definitely
not innocent, somewhat teasing, even. Her cheek were nicely red from
the cold, and her eyes seemed dark, deep and unrevealing from that
distance.

Another few steps we took. Ten feet. Now I could see her face very
clearly. I could almost smell her, and feel the warmth radiating from
her face. Another few steps. She came closer. Still that odd smile on
her face. Now I would have been able to touch her, if we both had
extended our arms. Nothing happened, though. We just stood there. I
remember thinking we must have looked quite ridiculous, closing in
leap after leap. But I couldn't break away from the deep, blue, but
very warm look of her eyes. The smile was somehow suggestive, I
thought, when she opened her mouth as to say something. I hurried to
open the conversation:

"Having a nice walk too, aren't you?"

What a stupid line.. Now she probably will laugh.. and think that I am
just another moron. To my great surprise, she didn't even laugh, but
answered in a deep and somewhat naughty voice:

"Yes. And I can see you're alone as well."

She took another step towards me. Now she was really close. So close
that I was feeling a little uncomfortable with the distance. I could
already smell her. The scent was not noticeably a perfume, although it
must have been one. Rather, in a strange way, she smelled.. yes.. she
definitely smelled like a woman!

"Do you have any particular plans for tonight?",

she asked, and took another step, so that she actually was in my arms,
by any reasonable measurement. I almost stepped back. I was surprised,
but managed to hold my position. I remember wondering what I should do
with my arms. She was almost cuddling her body against mine, her hands
at my chest.

"I don't either... but I know something we could do...".

What kind of a woman is she anyway, I thought, but couldn't resist her
female presence. Almost automatically my hands found their way around
her waist, and I pulled her tentatively against me. She didn't resist
at all, quite on the contrary. She was tall girl, maybe 25 years of
age, her eyes at my chin level. She grabbed my waist with her hands,
and held me too.

"And I bet you don't have any better suggestions, either...".

She looked into my eyes again, holding herself back, hands around my
waist. Those deep blue eyes, and her red hair, wildly trying to get
out of under her hat, somehow developed a strange contrast. She took
off her gloves, and put them into a pocket of her coat, and touched my
cheek with her warm, soft and little hand. It slowly moved down to my
neck, and took a firm grasp, pulling myself closer to her face. Her
lips were moist and naturally red, with no lipstick on. Her makeup was
also very light. She didn't need more.

Our lips touched each other lightly. At first carefully, then more and
more demanding, she bit my lips with her teeth, her tongue playing
with mine. She tasted of cinnamon. The contrast between the warm,
almost hot kiss and the cold night made an unearthly contrast. I knew
nothing of what would follow...

The grab at my neck became more demanding, and she grasped me against
her almost violently. It was only now that I could notice that her
body was lean, she was almost skinny.. With her other hand, she opened
her coat in the front, and took my gloves off, throwing them on the
ice. After that, she led my hands inside her coat. Much to my
surprise, I could feel bare skin! Well, almost bare. She was wearing
those kinky kind of panties you can find in magazines! I could feel
the thin clothes, but I couldn't see their colour, of course. She
opened the zipper of my jacket, also, and, still kissing passionately,
put her hands around me and held herself firmly against me.

I couldn't hold back any more, and I explored her bare skin under her
coat, which was now completely open in the front. With our lips still
pressed together, I brought my hand up to touch her breasts. She was
breathing heavily, while I gently caressed her hardened nipples,
grabbing the whole breast firmly in my palm at times, and other times
just barely touching the side of her chest. After a while I let my
hand travel down her stomach, carefully avoiding touching anywhere
near her waist.

I could feel her growing more and more impatient. She tried to lead my
hand with hers, but I firmly refused. Instead, I grabbed her even
tighter with my left hand, kissing the side of her neck, while putting
my right palm on her inner thigh. I let it only lie there for awhile,
after which I s-l-o-w-l-y started moving it upwards. I played with her
garter for a while, and then reached up to the soft and silky panties.
At first, I let my hand travel up in the front, just barely touching
the cloth. After that, back down, brushing the front with the back of
my fingers. Very lightly. Then I took a firm grasp on her waist, and
pulled her against me for a while.

Even through my heavy clothing, I let her feel me close to her for a
while, after which I pulled my hand up the front of her thigh again.
Now I just put my moved whole palm on her panties, in front. I could
feel first the cloth, and under that the hair, and the warm pussy
under my palm. I just held my hand there, and she rubbed herself
against it carefully. With my fingertips, I could reach even further
down on her, and I applied a little pressure against her. There was a
wet spot at the front of her panties.

Now she got her hand up to my shoulders, and she pushed me firmly down
on the ice, covered with snow. She pushed me to the side of the path,
where the snow was a little bit softer. What if somebody sees us? We
were out there, in the open, a couple of hundred yards from the
riverbank.  I was lying on my back, and the snow was feeling cold even
through my jacket. She sat on my stomach, and quickly grabbed my
pullover from the waist up, and unbuttoned my shirt under it. After
that, she straightened herself and let her coat all the way open in
the front.

I was astonished. She had almost NO clothes at all under it. Just a
red, VERY small and revealing bra, and a matching pair of stockings
and garters, plus silky panties, which didn't actually hide that much.
Her body was thin, and her breasts quite small, nipples erect with a
slight red tone. She pulled herself down again, gave me a long and
passionate kiss, after which she moved down, kissing my revealed
stomach. She moved still further down, unzipping my pants. With a
little help from my side, she pulled my pants (plus the double long
underwear) down to my knees.

What a feeling! I could really feel the cold...! And my jacket was
only half-length, meaning that my ass was right against the snow! Not
to mention the effect of the cold winter air on my penis, which
naturally was looking towards the black sky with a million stars...
She didn't give me much time to complain about this uncomfortable
state, but rather grabbed the shaft of my cock with her hands and took
it in her mouth. At least it was warm again! Her tongue was playing
some unimaginable tricks on me, and her hands were gently caressing my
balls.

After a while she pulled herself up and sat down on me. Slowly she let
herself down, her pussy swallowing my penis all the way down. She
started to pump herself up and down, faster and faster.. when she was
all the way up, I was practically out of her, the cold winter air
creating a shocking effect on me. When she lowered herself, I tried to
push back, in order to get my ass up from the biting cold snow.  There
were we, on the open ice, above us the beautiful sky, and the
spectacular aurora, which I could see directly above us now when I was
up inside her.

We were sweating, though it was cold, and we were breathing the dry
and cold air into our lungs.. it burned. Our breaths became visible
once exhaled, mixing with each other, just as we were tangled
together. I played with her firm, erect breasts, while she was still
moving faster.

It must have not been longer than a few minutes when I started to feel
like I was close to coming. My ass was already numb from the cold, but
the opposite side was experiencing something wonderful! She moaned a
little while pumping up and down on me, and suddenly arched herself
back, letting out a faint cry, after which she quickly pulled herself
down against my warm body. It was then that I pushed the last few
powerful strokes, letting myself come inside her. Her pussy was
convulsing around my cock, and I finally felt completely satisfied.

We couldn't stay like that for long, since the cold started biting
everywhere pretty soon.. and I really wanted to get my ass out of the
freezing snow! She stood up, smiling, and helped me up. While I was
dressing up again, she said:

"Poor you.. your ass must have completely frozen by now..."

I mumbled something about not even noticing, while there had been
something else to think of, but she quickly continued:

"Well, come on, I guess we have to do something about it. I have a
fireplace at my house, it'll surely warm you up."

I think you must have already guessed that I returned to my (quite
worried) family no sooner than the 29th.. after which I left town to
get back to the university I attend. She joined me for some (if
possible, even more unforgettable) New Year festivities a day later.

I haven't seen Carola for a while now, but I know she is still living
in my home town.. Maybe I should pick up the phone. After all, it's
not too long until Christmas..                                        