Archive-name: Casual/xtasy.txt
Archive-author: Anonymous
Archive-title: Xtasy


     He settled himself back onto both elbows and loosened his
belt.  I got up onto my knees, hands resting on my thighs, licking
my lips nervously, though I'm sure that the moonlight made me seem
a cat, licking my lips with great relish at the thought of the
feast of cream to come.

      With a wolfish grin, he unbuttoned his fly and raised his
hips into the air to ease his jeans down to his knees.  I moved to
help him free his legs, taking care not to spill the contents of
his pockets into the grass.  I bundled his jeans to one side, and
moved between his legs. 
      Taking care to warm my hand, I brushed my fingertips over his
belly hair, down onto his thigh and up onto his cock.  With the
other hand, I stroked the hair of his scrotum, and then cupped his
balls gently, enjoying the play of them within their meaty sack.
His cock thickened, appreciative of my attentions to its lower
companions.  I wrapped my finger and thumb around the thick root at
its base and then licked upward, from my thumb to the head of his
cock.

      I looked up at his face, took the end into my mouth and
smiled.  Then I closed my eyes and worked him into my mouth, back
against my tonsils until my lips touched my thumb.  I paused to let
my throat relax, not wanting to choke, though I have found that
some men entertain the notion that it is an accomplishment to have
one's meat so far into a woman's mouth as to choke her. I drew a
deep breath through my nose, and then pulled my mouth back, running
my tongue along the large vein on the bottom side of his cock as I
withdrew, manipulating his balls with my hand. When I reached the
top, I stopped to lick at the slit in the head, watching his eyes
open to watch me at play.

      I wet the fingers of my off hand and gently rolled the loose
skin where the scrotum attaches to the body between my thumb and
forefinger, and began to pump my mouth onto his cock.  I found a
comfortable rhythm, and met his upward thrusts when I could.

      Tears welled up in my eyes and rolled down my cheeks, shining
in the moonlight.  I wiped them away and stopped to smile to let
him know that all was well.  No tears of joy, these - just a
response to the gag reflex I was fighting down.  Soon enough, I
knew, the sniffles would start, making it so difficult to breath.

      He took advantage of the lull to get up onto his knees. He
raised me and took me into his arms, his erection slapping against
my belly.  He hugged me fiercely to him, and then took my face in
his hands and kissed me hard upon the mouth.  Then he pressed
downward on my shoulders in an unspoken request for more of the
same, a man of few words, promising much action.

      I dropped down onto my belly, propped up by my elbows,
nestled between his spread thighs.  He pulled my head forward until
my mouth was around his cock and held it there, rocking forward to
fuck my face in a steady rhythm, sometimes pulling back to press
through my lips before resuming his thrusts.

      I caught what air I could, inhaling his meaty cock along with
it.  I savored the low moans he made, the hiss of his breath as he
probed my tonsils.  I kept my hand on his balls - I wanted to feel
them tighten as he came.  With the other hand I teased my nipple
through my blouse.

      The speed of his meaty insertions increased, and his breath
came short, his balls pulsed and he buried his cock in my throat,
holding my head against him.  I let go of his balls and grabbed his
ass with both hands, kneading the flesh and pulling him against me,
as he emptied himself into my throat...        

      While he was still shuddering with the intensity of his
release, I pumped the last drops of cum from within his softening
shaft, licking each bead away as it appeared.  When he complained
that it tickled, I stopped and we lay down, side by side.

      I spread my hand and moved it lightly over his chest, wanting
to hug him against me, but fighting it down.  There was time, oh,
so much time...

      I rolled onto my back and admired the moon, the water, the
brush of the breeze upon my face, still damp with the effort of
bringing him off with my mouth.  I sat up and peeled my blouse off,
loosened my bra and lay back down on the blanket.

      He threw one arm behind his neck to pillow his head, easing
my bra off the nearest shoulder with his right hand, flinging the
rest over me.  The coolness of the evening brought my nipples out
and up, the contrast of their darker color against the whiteness of
my breasts silhouetting them in the moon's pale light.

      He thumbed my left nipple, smiling as it sprang back into
place.  I watched his face, absorbed in his play, and asked him to
pinch it.  He rolled it between thumb and forefinger, then clamped
down.  My cunt ran wet with juice as I arched my back and moaned,
feeling the lust in my belly...

      He rolled onto his side, and slipped his hand under the
elastic band of my pants, over my navel, into my underwear and
across my pubic hair.  His middle finger slipped between my lower
lips and pressed firmly against my clitoris.  Within a couple of
circular strokes, I was breathing hard, moving against his hand,
his right hand still pinching my nipple, tightly.

      "Tell me what you'd like me to do,"  he said, with a trace of
playfulness in his voice.

      "I'd like you to pull my pants down to my ankles and push my
legs forward and fuck me good and hard."

      "Not so fast, not so fast... we've got plenty of time, and I
want this to last!  Let's see how you like my fingers..."

      He got up onto his knees and pulled my pants down, exposing
my furred furrow to the night air.  I could smell my juices,
vaguely buttery, as he spread my lips wider and slipped two fingers
into my wet middle hole.  I clenched against his hand and felt
warmth spreading outward to my ass and belly and thighs as my body
began to respond to his touch.  He planted his thumb on my clit,
rotoring it about, and began pumping his fingers into me.

     I threw my head from side to side as he began alternately
pinching one nipple and the other, as he continued his fingerplay
between my thighs.  I clenched my fists and forearms, I thrust my
tits toward the night sky, I held my breath, and came and came. His
fingers never let up... he inserted a third, as I gasped and moaned
and came.  He sucked my left nipple and I sobbed with joy.  My
belly drew in and out like a trampoline, and I raked my fingers
through my loose hair, clasping my hands to my head to keep it from
flying off...  it felt SO good.  The only thing, the only thing
that could be better, I thought...

      I groped about with my left hand, trying to find his cock
and encountered a rapidly recovering erection.  I stroked his balls
as best I could and put a gentle grip onto his handle, and milked
it with my fingers.  It stiffened appreciably as I tugged lightly
on the center portion of his shaft, and went rock hard when I
begged him to fuck me.
      He broke off his dextrous assault on my delicates and cast
about for his shirt...    

      I heard the crinkling sound of plastic and saw him remove an
accordion-pleated assortment of condoms.

      "My!" I giggled, "I didn't know you were such an optimistic
boy scout!"

      "I'm an explorer scout," he replied drolly.  "I'll just slip
one of these on and send in a probe..."

      "Allow me," I said, in a low and insistent tone of voice.

      "Fair wench, I am ever at thy service.  Do with me as thou
wilt..." he sighed, clasping his hands together, letting the
wrapped condoms fall to the blanket.

      I tore the endmost package from the chain, ripped it open,
then bent to attend to his cock, making sure it was nice and stiff. 
I fondled his balls, pumped his prick one last time, and then
plucked the condom from the wrapper. Looking at it as best I could
in the moonlight, I worked out which side up, and slipped it down
over the head of his eager meat.  Then I unrolled it down his
length, not stopping until my hand was almost flush with his belly,
his pubic hair tickling my fingers.

      "Can you see the flag?" he chuckled, and I could see his
belly tensed with excitement, making laughter hard.


      "Yes, and it's not at half staff," I retorted, turning away,
showing him my backside in mock indignance. 

      "Ah, so it's to be like this, is it," he mused.  "Well! I'll
just get to work, then..."


      He slipped his hand between my legs to feel my moist cunt,
moved forward to rub my button for a moment, and then rubbed the
head of his sheathed cock against my clit.  I nearly jumped out of
my skin for the cold of the lubricant, but the pressure was
pleasant, making me want him inside me all the more.

      Impatient, I said, "enough, enough - I want you IN me!"

      "'As you wish,'" he chided, and ran his cock in circles
around my labia, zeroing in on my pussy.

      With an inaudible pop! and the lovely squeaking feeling of
latex on skin, he pressed into me, jogging a bit, and then pressing
again, until he filled me.  I held very still, loving that
sensation as I do, already on the verge of orgasm, as he withdrew,
to begin his rhythmic thrusts.


      I groaned quietly each time his belly came up against my ass,
feeling my belly tighten, the goosebumps on my arms and legs, my
breasts shuddering with each thrust, swinging freely.


      After a few minutes of this divine movement, he leaned
forward to let me feel his weight on my back, his cock still
planted deep within me, reaching around to squeeze my nipples,
kissing between my shoulder blades.  He breathed on the nape of my
neck and I arched my back in delight.  He put his hand on my chin
and slipped a finger into my mouth - I sucked on it, I kissed his
palm, I let him feel the smile he had brought me by giving me these
happy moments.

      Then he slipped both hands beneath my shoulders and pulled me
back onto him, so that I was kneeling between his legs, my ass
resting on his lap, my weight impaling me on his cock.  He rocked
me gently, and then began pinching my nipples and gently biting my
shoulders.

      "I want you to fuck yourself with my cock," he whispered in
my ear...       toes, my feet cradling his hips.

      I raised myself off of him, skewered as I had been, until the
crown of his cock was just barely inside me, his wonderful
man-meant cooling a little in the evening air.  I ground my hips in
a circular motion, clenching the mouth of my cunt, then relaxing,
letting my juices flow down to better lubricate the condom.  His
crude speech had made me wet, and I made the best use I knew of
that wetness.

      I began a steady rhythm of grinding, clenching and then
plunging his cock inside me, but that didn't last long. It felt too
good to go on teasing us both.  Soon, I was humping away, my lower
lips wetly smacking as they met his hairy thighs with each
shuddering collision.  I clenched, when I could remember to, and
tightened my cunt around the stiffness of him, until he grasped my
waist and pulled me ack against him, my head on his shoulder.

      He kissed me and thrust his tongue into my mouth. I moaned
with the pleasure of fullness and being held so firmly about my
waist.  The damp grass was soaking up into the blanket where my
knees pressed it to the ground.  A light breeze brought my nipples
rigidly to attention again. I pinched, pulled and twisted them,
knowing he could see me playing with my tits so cruelly...

      "Gawd, I want to fuck your tits!  They sure look like they're
big enough..." he observed, breathing warmly on my neck.

      "Maybe if we go to the showers...?  We could use some shampoo
or some lotion.  Lotion would be better, so I could suck and lick
your cock while you fuck my tits, and catch your cum in my mouth
when you shoot your load towards my chin," I told him.

      "I'd like that, I'd like that a lot," he replied. "Now get on
your back - I want you to cum with your legs in the air, like the
song says... 'Never a care, with your legs in the air!'"

      "Oooooh - you KNOW what I like!" I whispered back, and
eagerly complied by rolling onto the blanket onto my back. 

      I offered a leg to help him steady himself as he rose from
his sitting position.  He moved between my legs and, holding onto
one leg for balance, he circled my clit with his wet,
condom-covered cock.

      I arched my back in response, offering my wet and open cunt
to him, silently begging him to fill me.

      He set the end of his prick just within my lips, and then
grabbed my other leg at the ankle.  He rocked my legs forward,
exposing my ass and part of my back to the night air, putting my
ankles onto his shoulders. He reached forward and pulled hard on my
nipples once, and then drove his cock down into me from above.

      He ramrodded my pussy several times in this way, leaving me
stunned and breathless and starting to cum, again.  He bent my legs
and put my ankles against his hips, my knees thrust forward.  He
used my knees as chair arms, and I reached up to lace my fingers
with his as he pumped into me.  Our fingers were still laced, his
whole body shuddering, as his cum filled the condom, deep within
me...
      I lay back and smiled into the night sky.  Life, I said to
myself, is so damned good. 

--
