Archive-name: 3plus/xxxmas.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Very Merry XXXmas, A


   My wife  and I  recently had  an opportunity  to become  involved with a
   group of married couples who love sex.  We met our now loving group at a
   party which started out  innocently enough over the  Christmas holidays.
   My wife got an invitation to attend a party of her friends at the office
   and we went thinking we would pass some pleasant time over the holidays.
   To our surprise this  invitation turned out to  be a welcome into  a hot
   sex party.

   My wife Sue  and I had  always enjoyed sex  and had on  occasion swapped
   mates on a  one to one  basis with some  close friends but  never on the
   orgy scale of a major swing club.  Sue loves to go both ways and has had
   a relationship with a  number of her female  friends over the years.   I
   have had the benefit of her  bi relationships as often I would  join her
   and her lover for a afternoon of  lust.  Sue is five feet 10 with  large
   firm tits and a fantastic ass.  She loves to suck and fuck and  delights
   in eating out pussy  while a stiff cock  is rammed up her  cunt.  I have
   the lucky privilege of  having a thick ten  inch cock which can  cum and
   cum without tiring a fact that pleases Sue no end.

   We arrived at the  party and was greeted  by the hostess, Sally  a close
   friend of my wifes but not one  of her bi lovers.  Sally showed us  into
   the living room and  introduced us to her  husband Doug and three  other
   couples.  Donna a tall  blond with large tits  and long legs who  looked
   like she could be great in bed  and her husband Tom, a good looking  guy
   with a large bulge showing he was obviously well hung.

   Donna was  sitting on  the couch  with her  feet up  on the coffee table
   showing quit a lot of firm  thigh.  Eileen a big dark haired  woman with
   very large tits which were stretching her blouse and sporting very erect
   nipples.  Her husband Pete was definitely looking over Sue in a way that
   I found quite  provocative while Sue  stared openly at  the lump in  his
   pants.  The last couple  was Ceil and Andy,  Ceil was a petite  red head
   dressed in a short mini and  was showing lots of firm leg.   Her husband
   was sitting across from Donna and I could tell his attention was focused
   on her legs watching for a good beaver shot from my estimation.

   We  introduced  ourselves  and  the  conversation  continued with Eileen
   telling a story about their  recent vacation.  Eileen wasn't shy  at all
   as she regaled the group with the goings on at a club in california.  It
   seems that they had  spent some time at  a special nude only  club which
   had a very hot activity schedule.  Sue asked me to accompany her to  the
   kitchen and fix her a drink.  Once in the kitchen Sue started to rub  my
   cock through my pants and told me that she was getting very turned on by
   the conversation.   I reached  up under  her skirt  and rubbed her pussy
   through her panties as she rubbed my prick.  Just then our hostess Sally
   came into the kitchen behind Sue, seeing what was going on Sally put her
   fingers  to  her  lips  in  a  signal  to keep her presence a secret.  I
   watched as Sally pulled up her skirt exposing a nicely trimmed pussy for
   my  inspection.   Sally  spread  her  cunt  lips and licking her fingers
   slowly  forced  two  of  her  fingers  into  her  wet  twat.  Seeing her
   intention was  to have  a bit  of fun  I began  to pull  up Sue's  skirt
   exposing her panty covered ass to my hands and Sally's gaze.  I  slipped
   Sue's panties down over her firm  ass and spread her ass cheeks  opening
   her ass so Sally could see her hot tight anal pucker.  Sue responded  by
   unzipping my  pants and  fishing out  my now  stiff cock.  Pulling Sue's
   head to  my cock  I forced  my stiff  shaft deep  into her hot mouth and
   throat as I licked  my fingers and pressed  them up Sue's hot  tight ass
   and cunt.  Sue was really worked up by now and Sally had removed all  of
   her cloths and stood naked at the end of the counter.

   Sally came boldly over to us  and pulled my fingers from my  wife's anus
   and replaced  them with  her tongue.   Sue gave  a slight  start but her
   mouth never left my stiff cock as Sally began to lick and tongue fuck my
   wife's asshole.  Sue  was lost in  a world of  her own now  and her legs
   spread giving both Sally and I more access to her hot steaming holes.  I
   started to unbutton my wife's blouse and undid her bra freeing her  firm
   tits.  I pulled Sue's blouse and bra  off and began to pull on her  very
   stiff nipples as Sue  deep throated my cock.   I pulled my fingers  from
   Sue's cunt and Sally began to eat my wife's pussy in earnest making  Sue
   moan with  pleasure.  Sue  had my  rod buried  deep in  her throat and I
   could feel the  sperm building up  in my balls  as she stroked  my stiff
   cock in and  out of her  velvet mouth.  Sue  began to cum  releasing her
   sweet pussy juice into Sally's waiting mouth as I filled Sue's mouth and
   throat with my  thick creamy load.   Sue gulped it  down like honey  and
   sucked the remnants  of my climax  from my still  stiff cock.  I  pulled
   back an watched as Sally sucked Sue's clit and licked up my wife's sweet
   slippery pussy juice.   I was still  hard as a  rock when Doug,  Sally's
   husband came into the kitchen to see what was going on, I guess we  made
   quite a  commotion.  Doug  looked over  at me  and smiled  then began to
   remove his shirt and  pants exposing a thick  long tool which was  fully
   erect in no time.  Doug approached Sue, Sally his wife spread Sue's cunt
   and guided her  husbands rock hard  cock into my  wife's still quivering
   cunt.   I  watched  as  Doug  began  to  stroke into my wife's pussy and
   squeezed my wifes  firm tits and  nipples as he  filled her creamy  cunt
   with his long hard cock.

   Sally  had  left  her  position  under  my  wife and came to my side.  I
   grabbed Sally's full firm tits and slowly forced my fingers into her hot
   wet slit.  Moving  her to the  kitchen table I  layed her back  onto the
   table and spread her legs exposing her nicely trimmed cunt.  Doug was in
   full swing now ramming his cock up Sue's pussy as he pulled on her  tits
   and twisted her stiff nipples.  I spread Sally's cunt lips and gave  her
   a few licks making her cunt jump under my tongue.  I placed the head  of
   my  cock  against  Sally's  slippery  pussy  lips and slowly pressed the
   entire length  of my  10" cock  up her  tight cunt  in one  slow motion.
   Sally cried out as my big prick entered her tight slippery slit and  she
   pulled my  hands to  her tits  and urged  me on.   I began stroking into
   Sally with long firm strokes as  I pulled her stiff hard nipples  making
   her repeatedly cry out  for more.  Sue was  moaning loudly now and  Doug
   was ramming his cock into her  pussy with quick rapid strokes.  I  heard
   Sue begin her climax just as Doug began to grunt out his orgasm and fill
   my wife's hot pussy with his steamy sperm.  Hearing her husband reaching
   fulfillment brought Sally  to orgasm as  my prick reamed  into her sweet
   slit.  Sally's cunt griped my  cock tightly as she twitched  in orgasmic
   bliss and I succumb to the pleasure of the moment filling her tight  box
   with my own load of sticky sperm.

   As we wound down  from our pleasure trance  I noticed we were  not alone
   the other couples were standing in the kitchen door watching our  sexual
   antics.  At first I was concerned  how they would react but as  I looked
   over their faces I noticed real lust not shock.  Andy Ceil's husband had
   his hand on  Donna's tit and  was twisting her  prominent nipple between
   his fingers  as he  gently massaged  her breast.   Ceil was  standing in
   front of Pete and her  skirt was hiked up and  I could see Pete had  one
   hand up between her legs from the back as he rubbed her small firm  tits
   with his other hand.  Eileen was  rubbing her cunt against Tom's leg  as
   he worked both of her large tits with his hands making her nipples stand
   out  against  the  tight  material  of  her silky blouse.  Seeing we had
   audience Doug and Sue joined Sally and I by the table and Doug began  to
   feed his  wife his  cum slicked  cock as  Sue bent  down to lick Sally's
   stiff clit as I  slowly stroked my cock  into her overheated pussy.   We
   continued like this for a few  minutes and got a round of  applause from
   our impromptu audience.

   Donna suggested we retire  to the living room  where we could all  enjoy
   the fun and we heartily concurred.   Helping Sally off the table we  all
   went into the living room.  I suggested the three still dressed  couples
   pair off in non spouse couples and strip each other so that we could all
   get down to basics.  They all  agreed and Sue, Sally, Doug and  I rested
   on the couch  as we watched  the other guests  get naked and  turned on.
   Ceil paired  off with  Pete and  Pete soon  had her  naked exposing  the
   cutest red haired pussy and a nice set of small firm tits with hard pink
   nipples.   Ceil  returned  the  favor  by  ripping off Pete's cloths and
   stroking his stiff cock then taking his cock balls deep into her  throat
   while he pulled on her nipples and rubbed her tits.  Eileen was  quickly
   stripped by Tom and  her tits were at  least 38's, her pussy  was nicely
   shaven and her pink cunt lips hung invitingly between her legs.   Eileen
   was  quick  to  strip  Tom's  cloths  off  and soon had his stiff member
   between her tits urging him to tit fuck her as she bent to take the head
   of his  prick into  her mouth.   Donna took  the lead  and striped  Andy
   exposing his cock  and forcing his  prick into her  mouth as she  pulled
   gently  on  his  balls  and  played  with  his ass.  Andy broke away and
   rapidly removed Donna's cloths showing  us her firm body with  full firm
   tits and a fantastic ass.  Andy spread her legs and got down and ate her
   pussy like a man possessed.

   Watching all  of this  had Doug  and I  stiff again  and Sally  began to
   stroke my stiff pole bringing it to her lips and forcing her mouth  down
   my pole until my balls rested against her chin.  Looking over I saw that
   Doug was getting a similar workout  from my wife Sue and her  cheeks and
   throat were bulging with his stiff prick.  Since our wives were  between
   us on the couch I reached  over and pressed my fingers up  Sue's exposed
   cunt and  asshole.  Sue  moaned and  thrust Doug's  cock deeper into her
   throat.  Doug following  my lead grabbed  his wife's ass  and spread her
   cheeks forcing  two fingers  up her  creamy slit  and his  thumb up  her
   asshole.  I  could feel  Sally's throat  tighten around  my cock as Doug
   probed her cunt and anus.  Things were heating up on the floor in  front
   of us Andy had Donna  down on her back and  was ramming his pick up  her
   hot blond pussy  making her cry  out her pleasure  on each stroke  as he
   pulled  her  stiff  nipples.   Tom  had  Eileen  up on all fours and was
   rapidly stroking his long thick cock into her shaved cunt.  Each  thrust
   made Eileen's tits jump and sway  as they hung down swollen with  sexual
   excitement.  Ceil was laying under Eileen as Pete stroked his  cock into
   her red haired pussy, she was moaning as his cock invaded the depths  of
   her tight young slit.  Ceil had  her hands around Eileen's tits and  was
   sucking on her nipples as they  swayed under the weight of the  pounding
   Tom was giving Eileen's  cunt.  It wasn't long  before the pent up  lust
   brought  the  group  on  the  floor  to  a long loud orgasmic climax.  I
   watched Andy stiffen as he  squirted his load up Donna's  quivering slit
   and worked her  pussy until she  came to a  twitching climax.  Ceil  was
   right  with  her  and  she  climaxed  her legs locking around Pete's ass
   forcing him balls deep  in her stretched pussy  and making him fire  his
   load deep into the recesses of  her hot twat.  Eileen started to  twitch
   with orgasm as  Tom poured his  load into her  waiting cunt filling  her
   pussy with his hot load.  Being  spent for the moment the three  couples
   layed on the floor and rubbed  each other until they had regained  their
   breath.

   By this time Doug and I were both more than ready to go as were Sue  and
   Sally.  Looking over the group on the floor I suggested we join them and
   start the fucking and sucking  all over again.  Sue and  Sally scampered
   off the  couch and  joined the  couples on  the floor.   Sue nuzzled  up
   between Eileen's wide open thighs and began to lick and suck her  shaved
   pussy  sucking  Tom's  load  from  Eileen's  open snatch.  This got Andy
   excited and he moved around under Sue's sopping pussy and began to  lick
   her  cum  stained  twat.   Sue  begged  Andy  to  fuck  her pussy and he
   positioned himself behind my wife and pressed his cock up her slick twat
   ramming his pole deep into her hot pussy with hard pounding strokes.   I
   went over to  Eileen's head and  rubbed my cock  into her lips.   Eileen
   opened her  mouth and  swallowed my  cock deep  into her  throat as  she
   played with my balls and fingered my ass.  Sally spread Ceil's legs  and
   began to  tongue fuck  the red  heads cute  cum slick  pussy lapping  up
   Pete's load  while she  rubbed Ceil's  clit and  gently probed  her anal
   pucker.  Doug followed  my lead and  straddled Ceil's face  offering her
   his stiff cock which she quickly gobbled down until only his balls  were
   still visible.  Pete's cock was stiff  again and he moved in on  Sally's
   exposed and waiting twat.  After giving her cunt a few preliminary licks
   Pete mounted  Sally doggy  style pounding  his ridged  pole up her sperm
   lubed cunt.  Pete probed Sally deeply making her moan with each  thrust.
   Needing some  pussy myself  I pulled  Eileen away  from my wife's wanton
   mouth and raised  her legs up  and continued the  pussy licking Sue  had
   started.  In no  time Eileen began  to quiver with  orgasmic delight.  I
   moved up to her tits sucking and nibbling her erect nipples as I  rammed
   my cock deep  into her hot  cunt.  Tom had  positioned his wife  Donna's
   head under Sue  so Donna could  suck and lick  Sue's hanging tits.   Tom
   meanwhile had raised Donna's legs  to his shoulders and was  fucking his
   prick up her pretty blond pussy.  Doug turned Ceil around and while  she
   kissed Sally  and reached  up and  played with  Sally's tits and frigged
   Sally's clit  Doug was  pounding his  cock up  Ceil's tight  little pink
   pussy.  With all that  attention Sally went over  the edge and began  to
   cum hollering for Pete to fill her pussy with his sperm.  Pete stiffened
   noticeably and began  to pump Sally's  slit full of  his hot cum.   Andy
   started to grunt and Sue called out for him to ram her pussy and fill it
   with his sperm as Sue came to a shuttering climax.  I felt Eileen  begin
   to quiver  again and  her cunt  gripped my  invading cock  like a  vise.
   Eileen begged me to  fill her cunt an  as her climax peaked  I pumped my
   load deep into  her hot tight  slit.  Donna had  Sue's whole tit  in her
   mouth by  now and  I could  tell she  was cumming  by the  way her belly
   rippled with each stroke of Tom's cock.  Tom was ready and he shot a big
   load into Donna's gripping cunt  as they both climaxed together.   Sally
   now coming down from  her orgasm began to  suck Ceil's pert tits  making
   Ceil  get  more  excited.   Ceil  began  screaming  and  arched her back
   pressing her cunt into Doug's  hard pounding strokes until they climaxed
   and Doug  filled that  tight little  pink pussy  with a  massive load of
   jism.  We all layed down in a heap licking and sucking each other trying
   to rest for the next pairing.

   Slowly we regained our former lust and one by one couples paired off and
   began to go  at it again.   Pete rolled Donna  on her back  and began to
   suck her cunt while massaging her firm tits and stiffing nipples.  Since
   Donna was so tall I decided that there would be room enough for Ceil  to
   sit on Donna's face while Pete fucked the tall blond.  I pulled Ceil  to
   me and got her in a  sixty nine position spreading her legs  and licking
   her pink pussy and erect clit.   Ceil responded in kind and soon  had my
   cock deep  in her  throat as  she played  with my  balls and fingered my
   asshole.  Seeing  Ceil's anal  predilections I  pushed my  finger up her
   anus and was rewarded  with a cry of  passion as she took  the whole ten
   inches of my prick deep into  her throat.  I wanted to watch  the others
   as they progressed with their love making so after a short time I pulled
   Ceil up and had her straddle  Donna's mouth.  By now Pete had  his stiff
   prick buried deep up Donna's cunt and was plunging in and out of her hot
   box with  long slow  strokes.  Donna  was well  on her  way to a massive
   climax and pulled Ceil's hips down and began to suck her clit.  I  moved
   in behind Ceil and rammed my cock into her hot tight pink cunt  pressing
   forward until my balls were resting on Donna's face and I could feel her
   tongue on my cock as she licked Ceil's stretched pussy and clit.  I  set
   up a  firm slow  stroking in  Ceil's cunt  which made  her pant  out her
   passion.  Looking around I saw that I was not the only one stroking  and
   poking, Doug had Eileen up on  all fours and was pumping her  pussy with
   his long  cock as  he probe  her asshole  with two  fingers.  Eileen was
   almost incoherent her  passion and the  pleasure she was  receiving made
   her appear as  a woman possessed.   Sue and Sally  positioned themselves
   under  Eileen's  tits  and  were  both  sucking  her  stiff  nipples and
   squeezing her large tits.   Tom was fucking his  cock deep into my  wife
   Sue's pussy and  I could see  her pubic area  tremble with each  stroke.
   Andy had Sally's legs spread obscenely and was probing her hot wet  cunt
   with his  stiff pole  making her  tits shake  with each  thrust.  I felt
   Ceil's tight cunt begin to spasm  signalling her climax was close and  I
   grabbed her tits and  pulled on her nipples  as she came.  Ceil's  tight
   cunt gripped my cock with new intensity  and I felt my cum boil up  from
   my balls and fill her pussy as we climaxed together.  Ceil overcome with
   pleasure sank down on Donna, seeing an opportunity for more I pulled  my
   still hard prick out of Ceil's  cunt and spread her ass cheeks  exposing
   her pink puckered asshole.  I rubbed  some cum from her cunt on  her ass
   and pressed my cock  up her tight anus.   Ceil began to moan  again as I
   stroked my full ten inches up  her hot tight rectum.  Donna was  sucking
   down the juice and cum from Ceil's pussy as she too began to climax  her
   hips were thrusting up  and I could tell  from his expression that  Pete
   was filling her cunt with his warm sperm.  Doug began his characteristic
   grunting as he filled Eileen's cunt with sperm and Sue and Sally  helped
   Eileen over the top by frigging her clit.  Eileen came so hard that  she
   passed out and Sue and Sally had to pull their heads out from under her.
   Tom was pounding  Sue's cum slick  pussy and I  knew they would  cum any
   minute, Sally was already in climax her hips thrusting up to meet Andy's
   hard thrusts.  I  could see Andy's  load leaking from  Sally's satisfied
   pussy as I  hear my wife  start to cum  and looked on  as Tom filled her
   pussy with yet  another load of  cum.  I was  now pounding Ceil's  tight
   asshole with all  my might and  I her cry  out as another  orgasm ripped
   thru her small firm body.  Ceil's anus clamped down hard on my prick and
   I felt my sperm fill  her tight little butt as  I rammed my cock up  her
   asshole.  I pulled out of the little red head's well fucked asshole  and
   she rolled over on  her side panting from  her pleasure.  Donna went  to
   Ceil  and  licked  her  anus  collecting  my  load  from her now dilated
   asshole.

   Everyone was more than a little fucked out and I went to the kitchen  to
   get  some  wine  to  help  us  all  get  going again.  By the time I had
   returned  the  ladies  had  perked  up  considerably  and Sue was gently
   licking Eileen's  cunt while  Donna had  her fingers  up Ceil's cunt and
   asshole.  Sally was licking Donna's puckered anus while she pushed three
   fingers into Donna's wet pink pussy.  The guys however were still fucked
   out and  although they  were stroking  their cocks  none of  them had  a
   serviceable erection.  We drank the wine and discussed other parties  we
   had  been  to  and  other  sexual  experiences  which  each  couple  had
   participated in.  Slowly  the sex talk  and the wine  worked their magic
   and hard cocks were again  beginning to appear.  Ceil began  the session
   by sucking her husband Andy's cock and balls while she shoved her finger
   up his asshole and massaged his prostrate.  Seeing her success the other
   wifes join in and began to work their mates for our final orgy scene.  I
   watched Eileen suck Pete  as Sue began to  work on my half  hard rod and
   pressed her finger deep into my asshole soon she had me fully erect.

   Once all  of us  had stiff  pricks the  ladies switched  and the fucking
   began.  Donna came over  to me and pushed  me on my back  sucking my now
   rigid cock as she straddled my face and planted her sweet blond bush  on
   my mouth.  I went to work on  her cunt and clit as she deep  throated my
   cock and fingered my asshole.  Seeing her desire I spread her ass cheeks
   and  pushed  two  fingers  up  her  open  anus.   Sue  moved to Pete and
   straddled his  prick stroking  it as  she slowly  slid down impaling her
   cunt on his stiff throbbing cock.   I watched as Pete's cock spread  her
   cunt lips and slowly worked its  way up my wife's pink wet  pussy.  Once
   Pete was  fully up  her slit  Sue began  to bounce  up and  down ramming
   Pete's cock deep into her hot wet vagina.  Pete reached up and began  to
   pull her stiff nipples as she fucked her pussy with his prick.  Doug had
   his wife Sally on  all fours her legs  spread obscenely and was  licking
   her pussy as he probed her asshole with two fingers.  Ceil grabbed Tom's
   cock and lead him over to where Sally was, got under Sally and began  to
   suck her tits as Tom spread Ceil's  legs and pushed his fat cock up  her
   red haired cunt.  Eileen went over to Andy and grabbed his cock  leading
   him to Donna and  I. Eileen pushed Donna  down toward my cock  and Donna
   turned and mounted my stiff meat shoving my entire 10 inches up her  wet
   hot pussy.  Eileen got  to one side and  began to lick and  suck Donna's
   stiff clit as my cock rammed up her hot tight pussy. Andy mounted Eileen
   doggy style and rammed  his meat up her  cum stained pussy and  began to
   bang away making her tits jump and bounce with the force of his plunges.
   Donna began  to cum  almost at  once and  I could  feel her hot wet slit
   tighten around my cock.  Once she had finished her climax Donna rose  up
   and grabbed my cock directing it up her asshole.  I felt her tight  butt
   put pressure on my cock and began  to ram my tool up her asshole  as she
   rammed herself down on my stiff prick.  I could hear my wife Sue calling
   out her orgasm and demanding that Pete fuck her asshole.  Looking over I
   could see Pete's sperm running out of  my wife's cunt as she rose up  to
   get Pete's cock free.  Then Sue rammed herself down impaling her asshole
   on Pete's slippery erection stretching her anus with each thrust.  Sally
   was cumming now  and Doug filled  her tight cunt  with his creamy  load.
   Ceil  was  thrashing  around  her  orgasm  taking her breath away as Tom
   filled her pink pussy with his sperm.  Soon Donna was cumming again  and
   I fired another load into her body this time filling her hot rectum with
   my hot sperm.  My  wife climaxed again as  Pete filled her hot  ass with
   his load  and Sue  collapsed on  the floor  fully satiated.   Eileen was
   cumming and Andy filed her hot pussy with sperm as she climaxed multiple
   times.  Everyone was  fucked out and  we all lay  back resting until  we
   could regain our breath.  The rest  of the evening went well and  we all
   got to be good friends.  We now get together about twice a month to suck
   and fuck ourselves silly.  Since our initial meeting we have added a few
   people to the group and I've never had a better XMAS present.

--
