





         THE ARTAUD TEASER
              edited by Splicer
                   stolen shamelessly from The Artaud Anthology
                        published by City Lights
          
          
          
          
         Antonin Artaud was a French surrealist poet and philosopher.
         He worked extensively in experimental theater and in the
         pioneering of the French film industry.  He is considered to
         be the "Grandaddy of Psychadelia" for his exploits with
         peyote in Mexico in the 30's.
          
         His writing defines the consciousness of that which straddles
         the line between genius and madness.  These are a few samples
         of his writing from The Artaud Anthology, a collection of his
         works published by City Lights.  I am hoping that this
         exposure will spur many of you to go out and buy the book, or
         check it out from a library.  If you buy it, I'll feel less
         guilty about putting it into circulation without permission,
         but most of all, this is very important work by a great
         thinker that deserves more limelight than has been afforded
         to him as yet.
          
         This collection contains four pieces: Description of a
         Physical State, Fragments of a Journal in Hell, Inquest, and
         fragments of Electroshock.
          
         ARTAUD CHRONOLOGY:
         1896:  born in Marseille, September 4
         1920:  comes to Paris
         1924-1927:  takes part in surrealism; activity as a stage and
                     film actor
         1927-1936:  break with surrealism; development of ideas of
                     the Theater of Cruelty; attempted realization of
                     said theater with performance of The Cenci
         1936:  January-November in Mexico, experiments with peyote,
                return to france, condition shaky
         1937:  Travel to Ireland.  Aboard a boat, he is
                straightjacketed after threatening damage to himself,
                and sent by the police back to France
         1937-1946:  many stays at hospitals (in Rouen, Paris, and
                     Rodez) Release after nine years and returns to
                     Paris
         1947:  lecture in the Theatre du Vieux Columbier, January 13
         1948:  dies at the Hospice d'Ivry (Paris) March 4
          
         Enjoy!











                     DESCRIPTION OF A PHYSICAL STATE
                              Antonin Artaud
     
         Corrosive sensation in the limbs,
         muscles as if twisted, then laid open; brittle feeling of
    being made of glass; wincing and cringing at any move or sound.
    Unconscious incoherence of steps, of getstures, of movements.
    Willpower constantly inhibited in even the simplest gestures,
         renunciation of simple gestures,
         overwhelming and CENTRAL fatigue, sort of a dark horse
    fatigue running for something or other.  Body motions run haywire
    in sort of death exhaustion, mind fatigued at simplest muscular
    tension like gesture of grasping -- unconsciously clinging to
    something,
         holding it together by constant will power.
         A fatigue of cosmic Creation, sensation of the body being
    dragged on and on, feeling unbeleivable fragility become splitting
    pain,
         state of numbness, sort of localized numbness on skin surface
    which does not hinder a single motion but alters nevertheless that
    internal feeling in your limbs so that the mere act of standing
    vertical is achieved only at the price of a victorious struggle.
         Localized (in all probability) on the skin surface but felt
    like the radical suppression of a limb, transmitting to the brain
    no more than images of bloody old cottons pulled out in the shape
    of arms and legs, images of distant and dislocated members.  Sort
    of inward breakdown of entire nervous system.
         Giddiness in motion, some kind of oblique dizziness
    accompanying each attempted effort, heat coagulation enclosing the
    whole skull area or detatching itself bit by bit, moving slabs of
    heat.
         Painful exascerbation of the skull, bladelike pressure on the
    nerves, back of neck determined to suffer, temples turning into
    glass or marble, head stamped on by horse's hooves.
         So now it is high time to speak of the disembodiment of
    reality, this sort of breakdown which, one would think, is applied
    to a self-multiplication proliferating among things and the
    perceptions of them in our mind, which is where they do belong.
         This instantaneous classification of things in the brain
    cells and not so much in their particularly logical order but in
    their own sentimental affective order,
         (which is no longer done):
         These things no more smell, no more sex.  But their
    logical order is sometimes broken precisely because they do lack
    this emotional smell.  Words decay at the unconscious command of
    the brain, all words for whatever and no matter what mental
    operation, especially those which have to do with the most
    habitual and active states of mind.
     
                                           Translated by David Rattray
                                                      Typed by Splicer
                        FRAGMENTS OF A JOURNAL IN HELL
                                Antonin Artaud
     
         Neither my screaming nor my fever is really mine.  My secondary
    faculties (these elements of my mind and soul are hidden) are
    disintegrating, but just imagine how they are hanging on.
     
     
         Something halfway between the typical atmosphere I breathe and the
    tip of my reality.
         I hunger less for food than some kind of elementary consciousness.
         That knot of life where thought-emission hangs.
         A knot of central suffocation.
     
     
         Simply to find basis in some unambiguous truth, that is, one which
    would depend on one unique razor's edge.
     
     
     
         This problem of the emancipation of my conscious being is no
    longer presented in its exclusively excruciating aspect.  I feel new
    factors intervening in the process by which my life is being denatured,
    and that I have something like a new awareness of my intimate loss.
     
     
     
         I see in the fact that the die is cast and I am plunging into the
    affirmation of a guessed-at-truth, however risky, my entire reason for
    being alive.
         Sometimes I linger for hours over the impression some idea or
    sound has made on me.  My emotion does not develop in time, it has no
    temporal sequence at all.  The ebb and flow of my soul are in perfect
    accord with the absolute ideality of mind.
     
     
     
         To confront the metaphysical system I made for myself as a
    consequence of this void I carry within me.
     
     
     
         From this pain rooted in me like a wedge, at the center of my
    purest reality, at the point of my sensibility where the two worlds of
    body and mind are joined, I learn to distract myself by the effect of a
    false suggestion.
         For in the space of that minut the illumination of a lie can last,
    I manufacture a notion of escape; I rush off in any wrong direction my
    blood takes.  I close the eyes of my intelligence and open my mouth to
    the speech of the unspoken; I give myself the illusion of a system
    whose vocabulary escapes me.  But from this minute of error there
    remains the feeling that I have snatched something real from the
    unknown.  I beleive in spontaneous bewitchments.  It is impossible that
    I shall not some day discover a truth somewhere on the routes my blood
    carries me.
     
     
     
         Paralysis is gaining, so I am less and less able to turn about.  I
    no longer have any support, any base... I search for myself I don't
    know where.  My mind is no longer able to go in the directions my
    emotions and the fantasies welling up in me send it.  I feel castrated
    even in my slightest impulses.  I am finally able to see the light
    through myself only by means of an utter renunciation of my
    intelligence and feeling.  It must be understood that it is the living
    man in me who is affected, and that this paralysis stifling me is at
    the center -- not of my feeling I am a predestined man, but of my usual
    personality.  I am definately set apart from life.  My torment is as
    subtle and refined as it is harsh.  It costs me mad efforts of
    imagination, increased tenfold by the grip of this stifling asphyxia,
    to succeed in thinking my ills.  And if I keep on and perservere in
    this pursuit, in my need to fix once and for all the state of my
    suffocation...
         You were wrong to mention this paralysis that threatens me.  It
    really is threatening and gaining on me every day.  It already exists,
    and like a horrible reality.  Certainly I still (but for how long?) do
    as I please with the limbs of my body, but it has been a long time
    since I had any control over my mind and so my unconscious controls me
    altogether, by impulses coming up from my nervous rages and the tornado
    of my blood.  Hurried and rapid images which speak to me only in words
    of anger and blind hate but are over as fast as a knife stabbing, or
    lightning in congested sky.
     
     
     
         I am stigmatized by an urgent death, so that actual death holds no
    terrors for me.
     
     
     
         I have a feeling the despair these dreadful forms advancing on me
    bring with them is alive.  It slips into this life-knot beyond which
    the routes of eternity extend.  It is really eternal separation.  They
    slip their knife into this center where I feel myself human; they sever
    the vital connections by which I am joined to the dream of my lucid
    reality
         Forms of a capital despair (really essential)
         Crossroads of separations,
         Crossroads of the awareness of my flesh,
         Abandoned by my body,
         Abandoned by every possible human feeling.
         I cannot compare it to anything but the state known at the heart
    of delirium during a grave illness.
     
     
     
         It is this contradiction between my inner facility and my external
    difficulty which creates the torment I am dying of.
         Let time march on and the social convulsions of the world ravage
    the thoughts of men, I am still immune from all thought immersed in
    phenomena.  Just leave me to my extinguished clouds, my immortal
    impotence, my unreasonable hopes.  But I want it understood that I will
    not abdicate a single one of my errors.  If I used poor judgement, my
    flesh was at fault; but these illuminations my mind allows to filter
    through hour after hour are my flesh, whose blood is sheathed in
    lightning.
     
     
     
         He speaks to me of Narcissism and my answer to him is, we are
    speaking about my life.  This is no ego but the cult of flesh, with the
    whole weight and substance of this word Flesh.  Things do not move me
    except as they affect my flesh and coincide with it at the exact point
    where they stir it, and not beyond that point.  Nothing moves me or
    interests me except what addresses itself directly to the body.  And
    now he speaks to me about the Self.  My answer to him is the Ego and
    the Self are two distinct terms and not to be confused; in fact it is
    precisely this pair of determinants which, balancing each other,
    maintain the body's equilibrium.
     
     
     
         I can feel the ground slipping out from under my thought, and I am
    forced to contemplate these terms I use, unsupported by their intimate
    meaning or personal substratum in me.  Even better than that, the point
    whereby this substratum seems to connect with my life becomes all of a
    sudden strangely tangible and virtual for me.  I am struck by the idea
    of an unexpected and fixed space where normally all is movements,
    communication, interferences, trajectory.
         But this erosion which subverts the very basis of my thought in
    its most urgent communications with the intelligence and the
    instinctual parts of the mind does not take place in the domain of an
    intangible abstraction, where only higher faculties of the intellect
    would participate.  More than the mind which holds together, bristling
    with points, it is the nervous trajectory of thought which this erosion
    subverts and perverts.  It is in the limbs and the blood that this
    absence and this standstill are especially felt.
     
     
     
         A terrible cold,
         An atrocious abstinance,
         The limbo of a nightmare of bone and muscles, with the sensation
    of stomach fuctions snapping like a flag in the phosphorescences of the
    storm.
         Larval images that are pushed as if by a finger and have no
    relationship to any material thing.
     
     
     
         I am human by my hands and my feet, my guts, my meat heart, my
    stomach whose knots fasten me to the rot of life.
     
     
     
         They speak to me of words but this thing has nothing to do with
    words; it is a question of the mind's duration.
         It should not be imagined that the soul has nothing to do with
    this bark of words peeling off.  Life is there, alongside the mind, and
    the human being is inside the circle this mind turns on, and joined to
    it by a multitude of fibers...
     
     
     
         No, all the physical rendings, all the diminuations of physical
    activity and this vexation at feeling dependent on one's body, and this
    body itself weighed down with marble and resting on a poor support, do
    not equal the anguish which comes from being deprived of physical
    knowledge and the sense of one's own interior balance.  When the soul
    lacks a language or language a mind, and the rupture ploughs a vast
    furrow of despair and blood in the sensory field, this is the greatest
    pain; for it subverts not only the bark or the skeleton, but the very
    STUFF of the body.  In losing this erratic spark which one felt WAS,
    there is this abyss consuming the entire field of the possible
    universe, and this feeling of uselessness that is like the knot of
    death.  This uselessness is like the moral tone of this abyss and of
    its intense stupifaction, and the physical color of it is the taste of
    blood spurting in cascades from the orifices of the skull.
     
     
     
         There is no use telling me this cutthroat is inside me: I am part
    of life, I represent the destiny that elects me, and it is impossible
    that all eartly life would count me in with it at a given moment, for
    by its very nature it threatens the life-principle.
         There is a certain thing above all human activity: it is the
    example of this monotonous crucifixion, this crucifixion wherein the
    soul is forever being lost.
     
     
     
         The cord which connects my intelligence, which preoccupies me,
    with the unconscious, which feeds me, reveals me more and more subtle
    fibers at the heart of its tree-like tissue.  And it is a new life
    being born, a life which is more and more profound, eloquent, deep
    rooted.
     
     
     
         Nothing precise can ever be reported by this soul which is
    strangling itself, for the torment which kills it, flays it fiber by
    fiber, takes place below the mind's threshold, below the threshold of
    what language can say; since the very connection (of what constitutes
    this soul and keeps it mentally together) is getting torn open little
    by little as life calls it toward unbroken lucidity.  And there will
    never be lucidity concerning this passion, this kind of cyclical and
    fundamental martyrdom.  And yet it does live, but its duration is here
    and there eclipsed, the fleeting keeps mingling with the fixed, and the
    chaos with this incisive language of a lucidity without duration.  This
    curse could be highly instructive for the depths it fills, but this
    world will never learn.
     
     
     
         The emotion brought about by the blooming of a form, the
    adaptation of my bodily fluids to the virtuality of a discourse at all
    is a state much more precious to me than the gratification of my
    activity.
         It is the touchstone of certain spiritual lies.
     
     
     
         This sort of backward step the mind takes when consciousness
    stares it in the face, to search for the emotion of being alive.  That
    emotion, situated outside the particular spot where the mind looked for
    it, and emerging with its density rich in forms and densely flowing;
    that emotion which gives the overwhelming sound of matter to the
    spirit, the entire soul passing into its ardent fire.  But what
    delights the soul even more than fire is the limpidity, the facility,
    the natural and glacial candor of this too fresh matter which breathes
    both hot and cold.
         He is the one who knows what the appearance of this matter
    signifies and what underground massacre was the price of its unfolding.
    This material is the standard of a nothingness, which does not know
    itself.
     
     
     
         When I think of myself, my thought seeks itself in the ether of a
    new dimension.  I am on the moon as others are sitting at their
    balcony.  I am part of the gravitation of the planets in the fissures
    of my mind.
     
     
     
         Life will perpetuate itself, events will go on happening,
    spiritual conflicts will be resolved, and I will play no part in them.
    I have nothing to hope for on either side, moral or physical.  For me
    there is perpetual sorrow and shadow, the night of the soul, and I have
    no voice to cry out.
         Cast your riches far from this numb body, for it is insensible to
    the seasons of the spirit or the flesh.
     
     
     
         I have chosen the domain of sorrow and shadow as others have
    chosen that of the glow and the accumulation of things.
         I do not labor within the scope of my domain.
         My only labor is eternity itself
     
                                                Translated by David Rattray
                                                Typed by Splicer
     

























































                                    INQUEST
                                Antonin Artaud
     
         YOU LIVE, YOU DIE.  WHAT HAS FREE WILL GOT TO DO WITH IT ALL?
              IT SEEMS YOU KILL YOURSELF THE WAY YOU HAVE A DREAM.
                    THIS IS NO MORAL QUESTION WE ARE ASKING:
     
                            IS SUICIDE A SOLUTION?
     
         No, suicide is still a hypothesis.  I claim the right to be
    skeptical about suicide, just as I am skeptical about all the rest of
    reality.  For the moment, and pending further orders, one must be
    frightfully skeptical, not about existence itself, which anybody at all
    can grasp, but rather about the inward agitation and profound feelings
    in things, in acts, in reality.  I beleive in nothing I am not joined
    to by the tangible and meteoric umbilical cord of my own thoughts.
    Even so, too many meteors are out of action.  And I am vexed by other
    man's sentient blueprints of existance, and I resolutely abominate all
    reality.  Suicide is no more than the fabulous and distant conquest of
    clear-thinking men, but suicide itself as a state of being is
    absolutely incomprehensible to me.  An invalid doing himself in would
    be utterly without representational value, but the state of a soul of a
    man who planned his suicide well, down to the material circumstances,
    the exact minute of undoing, would be marvelous.  I have no idea what
    things really are, no idea of human state; nothing of this world turns
    for me, nothing turns in me.  Being alive, I suffer horribly.  I fail
    to reach any existing state.  And most certainly I died long ago; my
    suicide has already taken place.  That is, I have already been
    suicided.  But what you think of is an anterior state of suicide, a
    suicide that would make us retrace our steps on the yonder side of
    existence rather than the side of death.  For that would be the only
    suicide that might make sense to me.  I feel no hunger for death; I
    simply hunger not to be, never to have dropped into this sink of
    imbecilities, abdications, renunciations, and obtuse contacts which
    make up the conscious self of Antonin Artaud and are even weaker than
    he is.  The conscious self of this wandering invalid, who from time to
    time keeps trying to exhibit his shadow, which he himself spat on a
    long time ago; this self on crutches, limping along; this virtual,
    impossible self which nevertheless is part of reality.  None like him
    ever felt his weakness, yet his weakness is the most important weakness
    of all mankind.  To be destroyed, not to exist.
     
                                                Translated by David Rattroy
                                                Typed by Splicer
     





















                                 ELECTROSHOCK
                                  (fragments)
                                Antonin Artaud
     
         And so, on the surface of daily life, consciousness forms beings
    and bodies that one can see gathering and colliding in the atmosphere,
    to distinguish their personalities.  And these bodies form hideous
    cabals where every eventuality comes into the world to argue against
    what is beyond appeal.
         I am not Andre Breton and I did not go to Baltimore but this is
    what I saw on the banks of the Hudson.
     
     
     
         I died at Rodez under electroshock.
         I died.  Legally and medically died.
         Electroshock coma lasts fifteen minutes.  A half an hour or more
    and then the patient breathes.
         Now one hour after the shock I still had not awakened and had
    stopped breathing.  Surprised at my abnormal rigidity, an attendant had
    gone to get the physician in charge, who after examining me with a
    stethoscope found no more signs of life in me.
         I have personal memories of my death at that moment, but it is not
    on those that I base my testimony as to the fact.
         I limit myself strictly to the details furnished me by Dr. Jean
    Dequeker, a young intern at the Rodez asylum, who had them from the
    lips of Dr. Ferdiere himself.
         And the latter asserts that he thought me dead that day, and that
    he had already sent for two asylum attendants to instruct them on the
    removal of my corpse to the morgue, since an hour and a half after
    shock I had still not come to myself.
         And it seems that just at the moment that these attendants arrived
    to take my body out, it gave a slight shudder, after which I was
    suddenly wide awake.
         Personally I have a different recollection of the affair.
         But I kept this recollection to myself, and secret, until the day
    when Dr. Jean Dequeker on the outside confirmed it to me.
         And this recollection is that everything which Dr. Jean Dequeker
    told me, I had seen, but not from this side of the world but from the
    other, and quite simply from the cell where the shock took place and
    under its ceiling; although for moments there was neither cell nor
    ceiling for me, but rather a rod above my body, floating in the air
    like a sort of fluidified balloon suspended between my body and the
    ceiling.
         And I shall indeed never forget in any possible life the horrible
    passage of this sphincter of revulsion and asphyxia, through which the
    criminal mob of beings forces the patient in extremis before letting go
    of him.  At the bedside of a dying man there are more than 10,000
    beings, and I took note of this at that moment.
         There is a conscious unanimity among all these beings, who are
    unwilling to let the dead man come back to life before he has paid them
    by giving up his corpse totally and absolutely; for existence will not
    give even his inert body back to him, in fact especially his body.
         And what do you expect a dead man to do with the body in the
    grave?
         At such a time, "I am you and your consciousness is me," is what
    all the beings say: salesmen, druggists, grocers, subway conductors,
    sextons, knifegrinders, railroad gatekeepers, shopkeepers, bankers,
    priests, factory managers, educators, scientists, doctors,
         not one of them missing at the crucial moment.
         Pity that no other dead person outside myself should have returned
    to confirm the matter, for generally the dead do not return.
         The electroshock accomplished, this one didn't run its course, as
    had the first two.
         I felt that it wasn't going away.
         And my whole inward body, the whole lie of this inward electric
    body which for a certain number of centuries has been the burden of
    every human being, turned inside out, became in me like an immense
    turning outward in flames, monads of nothingness bristling to the
    limits of an existance held prisoner in my lead body, which could
    neither get out of its lead body nor stand up like a lead soldier.
     
     
     
         I could no longer be my body, I didn't want to be this breath
    turning to death all around it, until its extreme dissolution.
     
     
     
         Thus wrung out and twisted, fiber on fiber, I felt myself to be
    the hideous corridor of an impossible revulsion.  And I know not what
    suspension of the void invaded me with its groping blind spots,
    but I was that void,
    and in suspension,
    as for my soul, I was nothing more than a spasm among several chokings.
     
     
     
         Where to go and how to get out was the only one thought leaping in
    my throat blocked and secured on all sides.
         Every wall of charred meat assured me
         it would be neither through the soul nor the mind,
         all that is of a former world,
         this is what each heartbeat told me.
     
     
     
         It is the body that will remain
     
     
     
         without the mind,
     
     
     
         the mind, i.e., the patient.
     
     
     
         N.B. Cool dry pluton in its encounter with hot black pluton:
    that's me.
     
     
                                       *
     
    He affirms that his sin
    was in wishing a place
    in the mother of the fathermother
    and bullshitting the holy ghost to render it
    favorable to his plans
     
    This sin consisted of a
    temptation visited upon me to pass the breath
    of my heart through a tube
    to both sides of the surface
     
    to consent to the worm
    and to leer of my own free will
    like a knifeblade
    at my own soft flop
    at the flop world
    at the total exhaustion of the body
    in front of a
    galastralgical
    gluttonous curiosity
    bloated on the pus of the notorious father,
    white pus of blood curdled in laughter;
    and to have taken after this child's sweet laughter
    who sacrifices himself for life,
    his whole rosy body seized by
    love in his alterboy's vestements;
    and gives the zob or nob of strength
    to the thick being
    spreads over the rice
    baby who
    is laughing at
    the surprised blood
    of his whole life
    as an
    eggwhite emptied then
    volatized in the
    gas of the holy ghost
     
     
                                       *
     
    The night of the 10 earthquaked cities,
    of the Irish who were dismissed and who returned,
    of the 300 houses collapsed,
    of the 100,000 corpses left unburied,
    of the Tibetans of abominations paid by the saw of the virgin mother,
    of the mouths gagged and charred,
    of the grey-suited beards,
    of the newsreel images: vessels opened on the high seas,
    losing their crew like tons of cargo
    flaming out of their jagged portholes,
    then of the anti-flesh inventions,
    of sexuality observed over the truncated shoulder
    of the dolmen which I myself am when I amass my
    slaughtered totems,
    which I've just resuscitated
     
     
                                       *
     
              It is I who commited suicide one day
              and tore my body from myself
              and battle against what is left of it
              and wish forever to come back to myself
     
              who have founded a false world in the mean time:
                                   this one
     
     
                                       *
     
         When consciousness overflows a body, there is also a body
    detatching itself from consciousness,
         no,
         there is a body overflowing the body this consciousness came from,
         and the whole of this new body is consciousness:
         Think hard and long about someone you...
     
         1) the vampire with its arms folded in my left ball
     
         2) the woman with the supported nape
     
         3) the grey devil
     
         4) the black father
                 a laying-on of black crablice
     
         5) and finally last night
            at the New Athens
            the great revealation concerning the whole system of forming
            god in the slimey eggwhite of my left ball
            after the revealation of the antichrist abyss.
     
         The life we lead is a front for all which the frightful criminal
    filthymindedness of some of us has left us.
         A grotesque masquerade of acts and sentiments.
         Our ideas are only the leftovers of a breath,
             breath of our choked and trussed lungs.
         Which is to say for example that if the arterial tension of man is
    12,
         it could be 12 times 12 if it were not constrained and squashed
    down some place so as not to surpass this sordid level.
         And damned if some physician doesn't come telling me that this is
    called hypertension and it is not good to be in a state of
    hypertension.
         As for me, I answer that we are all in a state of hypertension,
         we can't lose an atom without the risk of immediately becoming a
    skeleton again; while life is an incredible proliferation,
         the atom, once hatched, proceeds to lay another, which in fact
    immediately explodes another.
         The human body is a battlefield where we would do well to return.
         Now there is nothingness, now death, now putrefaction, now
    ressurection: to wait for I don't know what apacolypse beyond that,
    what explosion of what beyond in order to get straightened out
         with things,
         is a dirty joke.
         Have to grab life by the balls right now.
         Who is the man who decided to live with the notion he was not
    being fitted for the coffin?
         Who, on the other hand, is the man who thinks he still may profit
    by his own death?
         Try as they may to make us beleive it, we gain no profit from the
    notion that we will be dead men, going back to the dead, taking our
    places in the legion of the dead, letting our limbs seperate from our
    selves, and falling down in a heap of the serical charnal houses
    (liquids).
         One doesn't die because one has to die,
         one dies because it is a wrinkle forced on the
                    consciousness
                    one day
                    not so long ago.
         For one doesn't die in order to come back and remake one's life,
    but only in order to give up life and get rid of whatever life one had.
         And whoever dies, dies because he wanted the coffin.
         He accepted one day this spasm of being put through the coffin --
         a forced acceptance perhaps, but effective nonetheless,
         and no man dies without consenting to it.
         Consciousness lives before birth.  It lives somewhere, if only for
    an hour.
         All living consciounesses have existed, I don't know in what
    sphere or what abyss.
         And these abysms consciousness rediscovers here.
         What good in fact would the unconscious be if it were not to
    contain, in the very depths of itself, this pre-world, which is not one
    anyway, but merely the old burden, rejecte (by others than ourselves),
    of everything which the consciosness could not or would not allow,
    cannot or will not admit, not under our own control but under the
    control within us of this other who is not who is not the double or
    counterpart of the self, who is not the  the immanent derma of all that
    the conscious self envelops, and who is not the being that it is not
    and will become or will not become, but really and palpably an other, a
    sort of false spy-glove that keeps it under surveillance from morning
    to night in the hope that consciousness will put it on.
         And this other is no more than what all the others are who have
    always wanted a finger in every person's consciousness.
         Psychoanalysis has written a book on the failure of the old
    Baudelaire, whose life did not precede him by 100 years but rather by
    this sort of secular infinity of time which came back to him when he
    lost his speech and learned and tried to say it, but who beleived him,
    and who beleives the affirmations of great poets who have become sick
    trying to dominate life?  For Baudelaire did not die of syphillis, as
    has been said, he died from the absolute lack of belief attatched to
    the incredible discoveries he had made in his syphillis and repeated in
    his aphasia.
         When he learned it, then he tried saying it,
         that he had lost one of his selves in Thebes, 4,000 years before
    Jesus Christ.
         And that this self was that of an old king.
         When he discovered and tried saying that he was not and never had
    been Mumbledepeg,
         but on the contrary that poet in a paradise alley where they were
    mending poetry, in Brittany, long before the Druids ever settled there.
         And the skeleton of th human cock, against all onomatopoeia and
    reason, in order to rediscover life, found
         a sound without echo or cry,
         without shadow or double in life,
         without the old yoke of the organ that accounts for the five
    senses,
         one day, much later, when the time came for the consciousness of
    the masses, and the sound of his poetry was the inert weight of planks,
    the horrible squishing of those six planks they could never fit his
    corpse into.
         For to cure Charles Baudelaire, it would have been necessary to
    surround him with only a few organisms
              enough
                   never to be afraid of facing a delirium in order to
    rediscover truth.
         Therefore psychoanalysis was unable not to fear reality, however
    monstrous it might seem, and not to reject -- in the dream-symbols
    representing it -- the whole sadistic machinery of crime, the weaver of
    a vital stuff which Charles Baudelaire wished to mend, and for the sake
    of which I ask that, for who knows how much time to come, the few men
    who are its victims continue, as they are condemned prisoners born to
    be fated scapegoats.
     
                                                Translated by David Rattray
                                                Typed by Splicer



















