            Clete & Don's Excellent Adventure Part 1

     Okay, this is the first in a series of text files that we are
writing about our excellent adventures while on various drugs.
Some of the names may have been changed to protect the innocent,
but probably not.

ABOUT US-
     Well, since I'm (Don) typing this file, it'll all be from my
point of view, I'm about 20 years old, and not much more than a bum
I run Post World War III BBS and I play bass in a metal band Clete
is about 20 years old also and he delivers pizzas for Round Table,
and he talks a lot when he on drugs.

ABOUT OUR PIPES-
     Well, we both have our respectable pipes, but what's really
neat is  our bongs. First we got The Cannon, which was purchased at
Anna Purna's in Berkeley, it got its name because it kinda looks
like an art deco  cannon, that and its good at blowing you away,
but the bong has had a lot of miles put on it and is about to be
retired now. So we got a new bong, The Destroyer, aptly named
also, this one has a huge chamber that just ruins you. And our
best bong, The DeathStar, this is a bong made out of an old party
ball, good party bong, once you fill up the chamber it'll last you
all night.

     Now, on with our first adventure. I'm actually going to put
two adventures into one since the first one is small and somewhat
insignificant.

     We had this friend of ours at one point who had a pound of
good humboldt green bud. We were over at his house for a party one
night, and he drags all the people into the bathroom who smoke
pot. He whips out this freezer bag just packed with buds.

     "Anyone wanna get stoned?"

     Well, we had no choice but to pack a bowl or five and get
high. There were about ten of us in this teeny little bathroom.
When we got done we all pile out of the bathroom laughing and
coughing just reeking of pot, the rest of the people at the party
found this highly (no pun intended) amusing.

     So Clete, Paul and I go out to the back yard and start going
wild on the trampoline. Being as baked as we were, this was not an
easy task. We kept running into each other and falling off the
trampoline. Clete gave it up after about half an hour, while Paul
and I went back smoked 2 more bowls and kept it up for another 2
hours.

     By this time the party pretty much was dying, and the guy with
the pound had passed out and let the bag on the bathroom counter.Well, spread the wealth as i alway say. So Paul and I
liberated about an ounce between us, it was a good night.

     About a week later Clete went to a dead concert and got more
drugs than he knew what to do with, he came back with 6 hits of
GreenPeace. About a week after the concert we decide to drop acid
and smoke a lot of pot one night, and just go nuts. So he picks me
up at my house and, of course, we instantly pack a bowl and get
stoned, since i had about a 1/4oz. with me, we weren't too worried
about conservation, we decided to stop by our friend John Yo's
house that night to see if he cared to join us.

     "Hey John, wanna come hang with us tonight?"
     "Uhh, I dunno, what you guys gunna do?"
     "Uhmm, drop acid and smoke a lot of pot, hahahaha"
     "Ahh, no thanks, you guys go ahead and have fun"

     So we take off, smoke another bowl, and Clete decides we
should go niche to drop acid. I agree and we crank up the music
and find a spot. On the way there I start thinking about why were
going to niche to drop. Well, I decide to ask him why were doing
this, and since the music is up REALLY loud, i puff up a big
breath and get ready to yell. Of course, just as I start yelling,
Clete pops the tape out and turns the sound off cause he wants a
new tape, and you thought that only happened at parties where your 
about penile warts or something.

     So anyway, we go and drop our acid and decide we need to waste
some more time before we go back to his house so that we can be
sure his mom had gone to bed. So we go to the Danville Luckys to
purchase some munchies. When we get to the store, i throw the pot
into the glove compartment not wanting to take it into the store.
We go in and buy chocolate milk and chiclets. As were leaving we 
notice two rollings sitting in the parking lot bullshitting, they
left as we did. So we pull out of the place real nice and easy,
not going to fast or anything. We make a left turn onto Sycamore,
and the cruiser behind us flips on those menacing lights.

     The cop comes up to the drivers side and tells Clete he has a
headlight out (Which I think was broken while we were running over
cones on 680 late one night). And of course the cop asks for
registration and all that bullshit Clete opens the glove
compartment, and boom, the pot falls out, right into the beam of
light from the cops flashlight. Clete quickly dumps most of the 
stuff out of the glove box between my legs, which I then close.
Were both scared to death now. The cop takes the stuff and goes
back to the car to write a fix-it. While he gone I grab the pot
and stick it under my seat cover, and pray. The cop comes back on
MY side of the car, and start lecturing us on the headlight, all
the while he had his light between my legs looking for something.
Since he didn't find anything he figured he had to say something.



     "You boys just purchase a 12 pack there?"
     "Nope, chocolate milk and chiclets!"
     "Oh, well, drive safe."
     "Yeah, Sure."

     Hmm, heart attack city, so, we had to smoke more pot to calm
down. Now the adrenaline rush got the acid straight to our head,
so we decided wed better get home quick before we cant drive.

     We get to cletes house and his mom is in bed an we are happy.
Now, we spend next two hours doing nothing but smoking pot,
watching TV and playing Crystal Quest on the Mac. Scary thing is
we smoked enough pot to smog his living room, we found this out
after I took a big ole choker hit and puked in the sink, not a
lot, but a little, well, we look around and decide some fresh air
is a good idea, so we pack a bowl and head out the back door. In
back of Cletes house is this big field, we hopped the fence and
started running around in the field shouting.

     "I'm alive, I'm alive! Look at all the stars, they're all
     spinning in funky ways."
     "Well, quit running in circles, I'll bet they stop."
     "Oh yeah, your right, oops.

     So we start walking around in this park, piss on a tree or two
and hallucinate heavily, Clete keeps walking around, and I get
bored and decide to go across the street to the elementary school
that's there. We're tripping pretty hard by this time, so i was
walking pretty slow, not sure if the ground will still be there on
the next step. I walked around to the back of the school and find 
this really stoney playground, its make out of plastic and metal,
and there are no sharp corners on it, and everything is pretty
geometrical. It was a very precise looking playground, we played
on this thing for quite a while. After that we found a way onto
the roof. Which wasn't very easy, since you had to prop yourself
between a wall and a brick pillar and try to walk your way up.
It's hard to do when your sober, much worse on acid, I suspect it
took us about 10 minutes to get up there. We found this little
hole like thing and sat in it and looked at the stars. For me they
started dancing, it was weird watching stars waltz.

     We started getting cold so we went back to Cletes and decided
we should drive somewhere. So we gather up the rest of the pot,
pile in the Pot Mobile (Cletes '79 Blue Toyota Corolla) and start
driving. Were flying down Tassahara Rd. and I decide that I want
to drive. Ok, fine, but, I haven had a license for about a year,
I'm on acid, I have almost 1/4 oz. of pot in my pocket, but I do it
anyway. We head out Bollinger Canyon road (it looked nifty). We
were flying along, doing about 50, and decide to smoke another
bowl. So Clete packs it passes it to me, I start taking a hit as
we come over this little hill, and I just happen to notice this
opossum in the middle of the road! Clete screams I swerve and
barely miss the damn thing. Ugh, what else could almost go wrong
on this night?
     Going along Bollinger Canyon and before we got to 580, we took
a left turn somewhere, and got really fucking lost. We just kept
driving and driving along this long twisty road having no idea
where we were. It took us about an hour to get out of that one,
ugh.

     After that we decided we had enough travelling for the night,
and rightfully so, and head back to his place.

     That was pretty much the end of that adventure, not our
greatest, but our first major one in a long string to follow.

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Salted Slug Systems                      Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           415-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
