                 Clete & Don's Excellent Adventure Part 3
                               Redondo Beach

        Okay Boys and Girls, its that time again, time for another one of
Clete'N'Dons adventures (Bill'N'Ted, eat your heart out).  This time
we went to Redondo Beach, some people have heard me tell this story
many times, but I'll relive forever in this electronic memoir. But first
before i get started, I have some updating to do, its been a while and
some things have changed for Clete and myself.

        Okay, I (Don) have gotten a job, okay, you can all stop saying
Bullshit and whatnot now.  Yes, I am employed, I currently work for a
small press called AE Printing, I run a press and stuff, but we have the
best small press prices youll ever find, so if you have any need for a
small press, contact me, Ill hook you up with one of the owners, I am also
going to school again (shit, he got a fucking life), yeah yeah, right
I got to DVC, big whoop.  As for Clete, he moved out of his moms place
and moved in with his dad in San Carlos (just south of San Francisco)
I still live in Pleasant Hill (East of Oakland near Walnut Creek), which
as you can undersatnd makes things a little awkward since i still dont
drive, so Clete moved in with his dad and was supposed to get a job with
Apple being a beta-tester, but they flaked, so now i think hes applying to
NCR to be a beta-tester or some such bullshit, what it boils down to is that
hes being what i was, and getting away with it much better than I did.
His dads house is pretty plus, has a very nice stereo system, but not as
awesome as mine (heh heh heh, I have Klipsch speakers, his dads only has
Infinitys, I get MUCH better bass out of mine). Its a pretty Yuppie place
but they have this deck that is so out of hand, I'll go into that in another
adventure. Now, on with this one

   This was a most heinous night in the history of Clete & Don, for on this
We were not aware of the journey that awaited us, it was most cool.
It all started out in Martinez at Joe's house, he still had 2 doses left
over from Fry Fest I, so we got them and dropped them instantly, we then went
on out to his sisters house in Brentwood, where we hung out played some
horseshoes (dont ask me, they are your typical suburban fruitcakes, but
they are cool people none the less), and drank a couple beers, we could
feel the acid starting to kick in and we decided it was time to leave, they
kept asking us to stay for dinner, but there was no way we could do that
especially when his sister had some lady over that was one of her superiors
at wherever it is that she works, so that would not have been good, so we
got out fo there with the quickness.  I think we may have gotten some pot
from her, but im not sure, i know we had some dirty 30 left, so we weren't
in total dire straights.  So after we bail out there we keep on heading towards
Sacramento on highway 4, somewhere out there in Butt Fuck Egypt we got lost
and depressed, everything was so dead, and lifeless.  Therefore we had the
bright idea to go the beach.  About two weeks earlier, some of us, Joe, Jenn
Rob, Me, Clete, Rich went to this beach in halfmoon bay, had a bonfire, slept
there and stuff, with no hassle, so we decided to go back since that would be
mucho trippy, so we go along some road that connects Brentwood and Liverbore
and get on 580 and start heading west.  We get to the San Mateo bridge, had
some problmes handing the guy the one, but managed it.  We then cranked up
Boston (Playing Foreplay) and smoked a bowl while going about 90 right at
sunset, I tell you, it was a really wonderful expirence, if you ever get the
chance, make sure you try that, its great.
        So, we manage to get to Half Moon Bay and stop in a 7-11, we need big
gulps, moral impreative.  But, there was so many people in there, i mean
the place was packed, and they were all STARING at me! I swear they were, thats
why i left clete to deal with it, i couldnt hang, i was getting freaked, so we
get done with that little episode, and head on out to REDONDO BEACH (lotsa
reverb here).  We get there, and start going down the cliff, no, this cliff
isnt too bad, not very steep, buts its pretty dangerous in the dark, and of
course, we didnt use a flashlight, so after almost getting ourselves killed
we get to the beach, about 200 yards away from where we were, some kids were
having a bonfire, cool we thought, we can hang with this.  So we go down the
beach a ways from them and start hallucinating.  But i just happen to notice
these odd lights just offshore, seem to be coming our way, looks kinda like
a boat, but im not really sure.  I look down the beach about 300 yeards and
theres this big light sweeping donw the beach, I instantly hit the dirt,
Clete was a couple feet in front of me with his back to the ocean looking
at me, wondering what the hell i was doing, he doesnt see the light sweeping
the beach.  Im yeliing at him, theres a spotlight, get down ect. and he
notices it at the last second, right as it sweeps over us he drops. I figure
they saw us since the beam stopped right where we were and looked like
it was being focused on us, so Clete was shitting bricks, thinking they
are going to land and arrest us and hes looking for the pot so he can ditch
it if nessecary, and hes just havin a cow, and i was just laying there
laughing my head off, hes freaking out, were on this beach in the middle of
the night, were on a lot fo drugs, and they have a big spotlight on us
and i have a head full of acid, it was too much, so of course i did the
only things i could do, laugh, it was pretty hairy though. Anyways
the light finally goes away and we feel a little better, but not much
since clete thinks he lost the pot, so we spend the next 5 or 10 minutes
looking for it with no luck.  but while were looking, we hear a helicopter
and its getting closer and louder, just to be safe we move back up the beach
a bit and were sitting there on some rocks, and it starts getting really loud
then, we see it, this hbuge Huey not more than 200 feet off the ground with
on of those HUGE spotlights you see in movies sweeping the beach, so of course
we start screaming and shitting bricks.  The light passes by us not more than
10 feet from out feet, I was trying to crawl out of my skin, and i was so damn
scared, i thought i was going to die, i could see the beam, it seemed to move in
10 foot chunks, almost animated.  Well, the chopper went away and we just sat
there on some rocks with our brains scrambled, our pulses doubled and totally
scared, we had given up the pot as a loss, and decided to smoke the rest of the
bowl we had with us (we had some in the bowl and the chamber, so we werent
totally SOL), i reasoned that they were just trying to scare us and wouldnt
come back, so we should smoke a bowl to calm down and start hallucianting like
we should be.  So we smoked a bowl and started tripping again and basically
calmed down, which was nice, but after about 15 minutes, the fucking chopper
came back, it was a little farther out the beach, but there it was, and ya
know, it scared us just as much the second time, after it left again i noticed
that patrol boat was sweeping up the beach again, it was unanimously decided
that this was a good time to get the hell out, we were pushing our luck.
So we made a mad dash up that hill and into the car, about halfway up the hill
we ran onto some problems, we were hallucinating lights all over the place
we were afraid the parking lot was crawling with cops, so it took us about
15 minutes to get up that last stretch, of course there were no cops up there
so we sat in the car and stuck in the second disk of The Wall, we had listend
to the first disk sitting there in the parking lot before we went down.
after we got in the car we left, with much haste, and headed back north on
highway 1, about half a mile down the road, Clete found the pot!
(HAPPY HAPPY, JOY JOY) He had put it in a pocket he forgot to check while
we were at the beach, so we tootled on up 1 through Pacifica and into SF
and kept on going across the Golden Gate, got onto 101, went to the Richmond
bridge, went across, got on 80, took 80 on up to 24 and headed back out to
Cletes moms house, and pretty much sat there for the rest of the night going
shiiiit, what a trip, we were all over 3 countys, it was brutal, so that
about wraps that one up.
Untill Next time: Bunk Doses really suck!

Coming soon-
Mt. Diablo Turns into a Bud
Christmas Eve
Redondo Revisted!
and more (we hope)

(C)1992 Clete'N'Don Productions                              4/10/92


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Salted Slug Systems                      Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           415-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
