

     HOW TO RECOGNIZE A DOPE HOUSE, AND WHAT TO DO ABOUT IT.


Every neighborhood seems to have at least one house which attracts
more visitors than normal. This could be due to a number of
reasons.

Although there a number of different legitimate reasons that a
residence in a neighborhood will receive an inordinate amount of
foot and vehicle traffic, there is also an illegitmate reason. The
people in the residence could be selling narcotics.

There are certain things that should be looked for if you suspect
that the resident is selling narcotics.

     1. Are persons going to the residence and staying a short time 
        (five to ten minutes) then leaving?

     2. Is there pedestrian and vehicle traffic at the residence  
        all hours of the day and night?

     3. Are money exchanges taking place at the front door or in  
        the yard area of the residence, with the visitor receiving
        a small package that can be concealed in a pocket?
     
     4. Are persons bringing electronic equipment (televisions,
        stereos, car radios, VCR's) and leaving without them?

     5. Are teenagers frequenting the residence when normally they
        should be in school?
     
     6. Do the visitors appear unkempt, driving vehicles in need
        of repair, and for the most part, unaccompanied by small
        children?

Should you observe some or all of the above activity, it would be
beneficial to you and your neighborhood to contact the agency
responsible for narcotics investigation in your neighborhood.

Your local, state, or federal law enforcement agency is available
to you should you suspect a drug trafficker in your neighborhood.
You are encouraged to contact your local police department or state
police drug task force.

     Some of the questions they will ask you are:

     1. The type of controlled substance you beleive is being 
        sold. 

     2. The address of the suspected drug house and a discription 
        of it.

     3. Information in regard to the person(s) suspected of selling 
        narcotics. (name, age, race, height, weight, hair color...)

     
     4. Phone number of the suspect(s), if known.

     5. Description of vehicle(s) operated by suspect(s).
        (make, model, color, year, license plate number)

     6. Dates and times of subjects visiting the residence and    
        staying for short periods of time, along with descriptions
        of them and their vehicles.

If you do not wish to contact the law enforcement agency directly,
you can send the information to:
  
               KIDS & COPS BBS     617-599-2499
               300/1200/2400/9600      8-N-1      
                    *** 24 hours a day ***         

                           - OR -

               LYNN POLICE DEPARTMENT
               c/o Officer Richard Frampton
               18 Sutton Street
               Lynn, Massachusetts  01901

KIDS & COPS users can go to Area #2 (messages to SysOp) and leave
me a message there. Be Certain To Mark It PRIVATE or other users
will be able to read it.
                          
KIDS & COPS will also accept other "crime tips"...just follow the
above reporting format.


ALL INFORMATION RECEIVED WILL BE GIVEN TO THE PROPER AGENCY AND
KEPT STRICTLY CONFIDENT OTHERWISE.