NOTE: THIS FILE IS FORMATTED FOR PRINTING. IT CONTAINS FORM FEEDS
and SPECIAL IBM GRAPHICS CHARACTER TO REPRESENT SPECIAL CHEMICAL
COMPOUNDS...





COVER



                                 Legal Highs



                            A CONCISE ENCYCLOPEDIA
                         OF LEGAL HERBS AND CHEMICALS
                         WITH PSYCHOACTIVE PROPERTIES




                             Where to obtain them
                               How to use them
                            What are their effects














                                   Produced By

                          THE TWENTIETH CENTURY ALCHEMIST


 
Level Press
POB 4858
San Francisco, CA 94101

Published 1973



                   Transcribed to Electronic Media by Elric of Imrryr
                   In association with Lunatic Laboritories, Unlimited
                   Please read my notes and additional comments at the
                   end of this file, which provides some additional 
                   insight on the data that was found in the original 
                   document.






                                INTRODUCTION




        The materials discussed in this book are legal despite the fact 
that they have psychotropic properties. Some are far more potent than 
many controlled substances. They have not been designated as illegal by 
any stae or federal codes because they are relatively obscure and have 
never benn subjected to abuse. Although chemicals such as mescaline and 
lysergic acid amide are controlled by Title 21 of the United States Code 
(1970 edition), their plant sources (except for ergot and peyote) are 
not so controlled. It is therefore legal to possess San Pedro cactus, 
morning glory seeds, Hawaiian wood rose, etc., as long as there is no 
indication that they are intended for other than normal horticultural or 
ornamental purposes. The materials listed here are legal at the time of 
this writing. They may be outlawed at any future date. It may be of 
interest to some readers that the Church of the Tree of Life has 
declared as its religious sacraments most substances in this book. 
Because these substances were legal at the time of the Church's 
inception and incorporation their use cannot be denirf to members 
through any future legislation without directly violating the 
Constitution's guarantee of religios freedom. Those interested should 
send a stamped self-addressed envelope to the Church of the Tree of 
Life, 451 Columbus Avenue, San Francisco, California 94133.

        The purpose of this book is provide the user with concise 
reference information on various legal psychotropic materials. These 
include plant materials in their crude herbal form and chemicals either 
synthesized or extracted from natural materials. For each item there is 
a brief description of the material, the method of preparation, dosage 
and use, analysis of active constituents, effects and contraindications 
(side effects, dangers, etc.) and names of commercial suppliers. The 
latter are given as letter codes. The corresponding names and address 
are to be found in the section titled "Suppliers." Because of increasing 
interest in horticulture of psychotropic plants sources of seeds and 
live plants are also given.
        Some of the materials disacussed are very dangerous and are 
strongly disrecommended. They are included because many people have 
already shown an interest in experimenting with them. We feel that it is 
important to discuss them while clearly indicating their dangers.
        Although we feel confident in the accuracy  of the information 
in this guide, we can in no way assume responsibility for the 
experiences of persons following these data for personal drug use.


ADRENOCHROME SEMICARBAZONE - 3-hydroxy-1-methyl-5,6-indol-inedione 
semicarbazone.

Material: Oxidized epinerphrine (adrenaline) with semicarbazide

Usage: 100 mg is thoroughly dissolved in just enough alcohol, melted fat 
(butter), or vegetable oil and ingested. Because of its poor solubility 
in water these must be used to aid absorption.

Effects: Physical stimulation, feeling of well-being, slight reduction 
of though processes.

Contraindication: None noted. Acts as a systemic hemostatic preventing 
capillary bleeding during injury. Adrenochrome causes chemically induced 
schizophrenia. Its semicarbazone does not.

Supplier: KK, KAL, TM.


ALPHA-CHLORALOSE - a-D-glucochloralose.

Material: Synthetic chemical prepared by reaching chloral with glucose 
under heat.

Usage: 350-500 mg orally.

Effects: Euphoriant affecting CNS in a manner similar to PCP 
(phencyclidine), accompanied with mental changes like those from smoking 
hashish.

Contraindication: Although a central depressant, in some
individuals it may cause nervousness. Less toxic than PCP or
chloral. Dangerous if taken with even small amounts of alcohol
(even beer). May cause convulsions.

Supplier: KK, MCB, COC, KAL, TM.

ASARONE - 1,2,4-trimethoxy-5-propenylbenzene or 2,4,5-trimethoxy-1-
benzene.

Material: A chemical related to mescaline and the amphetamines
found in the roots of sweet flag (Acorus calamus) and Asarum spp.
It is chemically the precursor of TMA-2
(2,4,5-trimethoxy-a-methyl-4,5-methylenedioxy-phenylethylamine),
a hallucingen with 18 times the gram potency of mescaline.
Asarone is converted to TMA-2 in the body by aminization which
takes place shortly after ingestion.

Usage: 45-350 mg orally on empty stomach. Individual sensitivity
varies widely.

Effects: Simultaneous stimulant, hallucingen, and sedative. One
or another of these traits may be more pronounced depending upon
the dose and the individual. CNS stimulant, antispasmatic.

Contraindications: Should not be taken with MAO inhibitors.

Supplier: KK, TM.


ATROPINE SULFATE 

Material: Sulfate of tropane alkaloid in belladonna, datura and
several other solanaceous plants.

Usage: 0.5-5 mg orally.

Effects: Competitive acetylcholine inhibitor at receptor site
(postganglionic junction). Does not prevent acetylcholine
liberation. Hallucinogen, similar to scopolamine, but producing
more excitement and less stupor. Potentiates other pyschotropics
including opium, cannabis, harmala alkaloids, mescaline.

Contraindications: Highly toxic. Side effects include dryness and
soreness of moucous membranes, blurred vision, urinary retention,
severe hallucinations, retrograde amnesia lasting several hours
to several days. Not recommended without expert supervision.
Possible brain damage from large amounts.

Supplier: KK, MCB, COC, KAL, TM.


BELLADONNA - Deadly Nightshade. Atropa belladonna L. Family
Solanaceae (Potato family).

Material: Leaves and roots pf perennial herb found in wooded
hills and shaded areas of central and southern Europe, southwest
Asia, and Algeria, and naturalized in USA.

Usage: Crushed dried leaves 30-200 mg or root 30-120 mg taken
orally or smoked.

Active Constituents: Atropine, scopolamine and other tropanes.
Leaves contain 0.3-0.5% total alkaloids, roots 0.4-0.7%.

Effects: Hallucinogen, hypnotic, anticholinergic.

Contraindications: Extremely toxic. Evem moderate does could be
fatal. Root contains apoatropine which can be lethal even in
small amounts, especially when taken orally. Use not recommended.
See atropine and scopolamine.

Supplier: Seeds RCS.


BETEL NUT (Areca catechu). Family Palmaceae (Palm family).

Material: The large seed of this Asian palm tree.

Usage: It is warapped in the leaf of the betel pepper (Piper
chavica betel) and sprinkled with brunt lime, catechu gum from
the Malayan acacia tree (Acacia catechu) an nutmeg, cardamom or
other spices. This morsel is placed in the mouth and sucked on
for several hours.

Active Constituents: Arecoline (methyl-1,2,5,6-tetrahydro-1-methylnicotinate),
a volatile oil, is released from the nut by action of saliva and lime.
Betel leaf contains chavicol, allylpyrocathechol, chavibetol and
cadinene.

Effects: Arecoline is a central nervous system stimulant. It
increases respiration and decreases the work load of the heart.
Betel leaf has mild stimulanting properties.

Contraindications: Excessive arecoline from immoderate use or
from unripe nuts can cause dizziness, vomiting, diarrhea and
convulsions. Frequent use stains mouth, gums and teeth deep red
(caused by catechu gum). Long-term overuse of betel nut is said
to weaken sexual potency.

Supplier: Areca nuts and betel leaves MGH; young palms RCS.


BROOM (Genista, Cytisus, Spartium spp.). Family Leguminosae (Bean
family).

Material: Blossoms of any of several species including Canary
Island broom (Genista canariensis), Scotch broom (Cytisus
scoparius), and Spanish broom (Spartium junceum).

Usage: Blossoms are colected, aged in a sealed jar for 10 days,
dried, and rolled into cigarettes. Smoke is inhaled and held.

Active Constituents: Cytisine (a toxic pyridine).

Effects: One cigarette produces relaxed feelings for 2 hours.
More causes deeper relaxation and longer-lasting effects (4-5
hours). Relaxation is deepest during first 2 hours and is
followed by mental alertness and increased awareness of color
without hallucinations.

Contraindictions: Usually no undesirable side effects of
hangover. Some persons experience mild headache immediately after
smoking. Broom flowers are extremely toxic when ingested. Has
heart-stimulating properties like digitalis.

Supplier: Commom in parks and gardens. Dried broom MGH; viable
seeds and plants RCS.


CABEZA DE ANGEL (Calliandra anomala). Family Leguminosae (Bean
family).

Material: Resins of shrub with feathery, crimson flowers found in
level or mountainous places and near streams in southern Mexico
and Guatemala; sometimes cultivated as ornamental in California.

Usage: Formerly used by Aztecs. Incisions made in bark, resins
collected after several days, dried, pulverized, mixed with ash
and snuffed.

Active Constituents: Unidentified.

Effects: Hypnotic, induces sleep. Also used medicinally for
dysentery, swellings, fever and malaria.

Contrandications: None known.

Supplier: Seeds and cuttings RCS (inquire).

CALAMUS Sweet flag, rat root (Acorus calamus). Family Araceae
(Arum family).

Material: Roots of tall, fragrant, sword-leaved plant found in
marshes and borders of ponds and steams in Europe, Asia, and
North America from NOva Scotia to Minnesota, southward to Florida
and Texas.

Usage: Roots are collected in late autumn or spring, washed,
voided of root fibres and dried with moderate heat. Root may be
chewed or broken up and boiled as tea. Doses range from 2 to 10
inches of root. Root deteriorates with age. Usually inactive
after 1 year. Store closed in cool dry place.

Active Constituents: Asarone and ·-asarone.

Effects: A piece of dried root the thickness of a pencil and
about 2" long provides stimulation and buoyant feelings. A piece
10" long acts as a mind alterant and hallucinogen. (See asarone).

Contraindications: The FDA frowns upon the sale and use of
calamus and has issued directives to certain herb dealers not to
sell it to the public. An FDA directive is simply a polite word
for a threat of hassling without a law to back it. At present
there are no laws against calamus. Some experiments have
indicated that excessive amounts of calamus oil can increase the
tumor rate in rats. many of the Cree Indians of Northern Alberta
chew calamus root for oral hygiene and as a stimulating tonic.
They apparently suffer no unpleasant side effects. In fact, those
who use it seem to be in better general health than those who do
not.

Supplier: Dried root MGH; viable root RCS.


CALEA Claea zacatechichi. family Compositae (Sunflower family).

Material: Leaves of a shrub from central Mexico and Costa Rica.

Usage: 1oz. of crushed dried leaves is steeped in 1 pt. water or
extracted into alcohol. Tea is drunk slowly. A cigarette of the
leaves may be smoked to increase the effect.

Active Constituents: Alkaliods have not been found in calea.
Psychoactive components uncertain but believed to be in aromatic
and bitter principle.

Effects: Feelings of repose after 30 minutes with increased
awareness of heart and pulse. One oz. clarifies mind and senses.
Larger amounts may induce hallucinations.

Contraindications: None known.

Supplier: Must be procured in Mexico. Oaxaca marketplace.


CALIFORNIA POPPY Eschscholtzia californica. Family Papaveraceae
(Poppy family).

Material: Leaves, flowers and capsules of commom wildflower.

Usage: Materials are dried and smoked.

Active Constituents: Opium-related alkaloids; protopine,
chelerythrine, sangunarine, ‡- and ·-homochelidonine, and several
glucosides.

Effects: Very mild marijuana-like euphoria from  smoking lasting
20-30 minutes. Concentrated extract of plant may be more potent
when ingested or smoked.

Contraindications: No apparent side effects. Not habit forming.
Apperas to be ineffective when used again within 24 hours.

Supplier: Grows wild (protected by California law; misdemeanor,
fine for plucking). Seeds B, FM, G, NK, RCS.

CATNIP Nepeta catoria. Family Labiatae (Mint Family).

Material: Leaves

Usage: Leaves are smoked alone or with tobacco in equal parts.
Also extract is sprayed on tobacco or other smoking material.

Active Constituents: Metatabilacetone, nepetalactone, nepetalic
acid.

Effects: Mild marijuana-like euphoria, more intense and
longer-lasting with tabacco.

Contraindications: No harmful effects known. Tabacco is harmful
and addicting.

Supplier: MGH or pet stores. Extract in aerosol from pet stores.
Viable seeds B, FM, G, NK, RCS.


CHICALOTE Also called Prickly Poppy. Argemone mexicana. family
Papaveraceae (Poppy family).

Material: Seeds and golden sap from unripe capsules of
prickly-leaved, yellow flowered perennial found in dry fields and
roadsides of southwestern USA and Mexico.

Usage: Capsule is pierced or opened, sap collected, dried, smoked
or ingested like opium.

Active Constituents: Protopine, berberine (morphine-related
alkaloids), and several isoquinilines.

Effects: Sedative, analgesic and euphoriant. Mild hallucingenic
effects from seeds.

Contraindications: None known from discreet use. Continued use
can aggravate glaucoma and cause endemic dropsy.

Supplier: Viable seeds RCS.


CHODAT; HSIAO-TS'AO Polygala sibiricia; P. tenuifolia. Family
Ploygalaceae (Milkwort family).

Material: Yellow-brown roots with acrid-sweet taste of plant
native to temperate Asia (northern China and Japan).

Usage: 1 tbsp. brewed as tea or powedered and combined with other
herbs. taken daily for several weeks.

Active Consitituents: Senegin (7% of dried weight).

Effects: Many medicinal uses. Used in Taoist medicine to improve
memory and mental powers.

Contraindications: None known. Too much may induce vomiting.

Supplier: This when available or related species P. senaga MGH.


COLORINES Erythrina flabelliformis and other species. family
Leguminosae (Bean family).

Material: Bright red beans of woody shrubs or trees found in
southwestern USA, Mexico, and Guatemala.

Usage: ¨ to ´ seed is chewed and swallowed.

Active Constituents: Undetermined toxic indole and isoquinilines.

Effects: Stupor and hallucinations.

Contraindications: Extremely toxic. Not recommended.

Supplier: Grows wild in flat dry areas.


DAMIANA Turnera diffusa. Family Turneraceae.

Material: Fragrant leaves of shrub found in tropical America,
Texas, and California.

Usage: 2 tbsp. leaves simmered in 1 pt. water. Tea is drunk at
same time as pipeful of leaves are smoked.

Active Constituents: Undetermined principle in oily fraction of
extract.

Effects: Mild aphrodisiac and marijuana-like auphoria lasting
1-1.5 hours. Regular, moderate use has tonic effect on sexual
organs.

Contraindications: SMoke harsh on lungs, best used in water-pipe.
Tea has slightly bitter taste; honey may be added. Some say
excessive long-term use may be toxic to liver.

Supplier: MGH


DILL Anethum gravelens. Family Umbelliferae (Carot family).

Material: Oil from seeds.

Usage: Oil is ingested.

Active Consitiuents: Dillapiole (non-amine precursor of
2,3-dimethoxy-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine [dmmda-2]).

Effects and Contraindictions: See parsley.

Supplier: Spice section of grocery stores; herb dealers, MGH.
Viable seeds B, FM, G, RCS.


DO•ANA Coryphantha macromeris. Family Cactaceae (Cactus family).

Material: Small spiny cactus from northern Mexico and southern
Texas.

Usage: Spines are removed and 8-12 fresh or dried cacti are
consumed on empty stomach. These may be chewed or crushed and
brewed for 1 hour as tea.

Active Constituents: Macromerine (L-‡-3,4-dimethoxyphenyl-·-dimethyl-
amineoethanol), a ·-phenethylamine 1/5 the gram potency of
mescaline.

Effects: Hallucinogen somewhat similar to mescaline.

Contraindications: Should not be taken in large doses with strong
MAO inhibitors. Otherwise none known.

Supplier: Cuttings AHD; seeds RCS, NMCR.


EPENA Also called yopo. Virola calophylla. Family Myristicaceae
(Nutmeg family).

Material: Red resin beneath the bark of tree found in rain
forests of Coloumbia and Brazil.

Usage: Resin is scraped or boiled from bark, dried, pulverized,
mixed with ashes and snuffed.

Active Constituents: N,N-dimethyltryptamine (DMT),
5-methoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine (5-MeO-DMT), bufotenine.

Effects: Powerful instantaneous hallucingen. Peak effects last
about 30 minutes. COlor and size changes, dizziness.
Aftereffects: buoyant feelings, pleasant stimulation lasting
several hours.


5-FLURO-A-METHYLTRYPTAMINE

Material: Synthetic tryptamine.

Usage: 25 mg is ingested.

Effects: Hallucinogen and stimulant; causes dreamlike state
similar to psilocybin but without drowsiness or lassitude.

Contraindications: MAO imhibitor. (See list of incompatible.)

Supplier: KK, TM.

o   Other methylated tryptamines with similar psychoactive
properties include: 6-fluro-‡-methyltryptamine,
7-methyltryptamine, N-methyltryptamine, 5-methyltryptamine. The
dosage, effects, and contraindications are about the same for
these as for above. Some of the non-methylated derivatives are
also active. These include 5- and 6-flurotryptamine and 5- and
6-flurotryptophan. Supplier: KK, TM.

FLY AGARIC Amanita muscaria. Family Agaricaceae (Agaric family).

Material: Mushroom with red caps and white flakes found in birch
or pine forests during rainy season in north temperate zones of
eastern and western hemispheres.

Usage: Mushrooms are collected and dried in the sun or in oven at
200¯. No more than one medium-size mushroom should not taken
until individual's tolerance is determined.

Active Constituents: Muscimol, and ibotenic acid, which converts
to muscimol upon drying. Some muscarine is also present but
because of its difficulty in passing the blood-brain barrier it
is believed not to be responsible for psychoactive effects.
 
Effects: Effects vary with individual, source of mushroom, and
dose. The usual pattern is dizziness, twitching and possible
nausea after 30 minutes followed by numbness of feet and twilight
sleep for 2 hours, with colorful visions and intesified awareness
of sounds. Hallucinations and distortion of size are common.
Entire experience lasts about 5-6 hours. Muscimol is a
hallucinogen whivh affects the central nervous system. Ibotenic
acid causes flushing of the skin and lethargy. Muscarine is a
highly toxic hallucinogen.

Contraindications: Before harvesting these or any mushrooms for
ingestion one should establish positive identification. Several
closely related amanita species are extremely toxic. These
include A. pantherina, A. vorosa, A. verna, and A. phalloides
(destroying angel). Large amounts of A. muscaria can also be
fatal. Three mushrooms is the absolute maximum recommended.

Note: Most ingested muscimol is passed unaltered into the urine.
Siberian mushroom users make the practice of drinking this urine
to recycle the psychoactive materials.

Supplier: Must be gathered from nature.


GI'-I-SA-WA Lycoperdon marginatum and L. mixtecorum. Family
Lycoperdaceae.

Material: Puffball fungus found at high altitudes in temperate
forests of Mexico.

Usage: Puffball and/or spores are ingested.

Active Constituents: Unidentified alkaloid.

Effects: Half-sleep state with non-visual hallucinations (voices,
echoes, and other sounds).

Contraindications: None known.

Supplier: Some related species grow wild in USA.


GUARANA Paullinia cupana HBK. Family Sapindaceae (Soapberry
family).

Material: Seeds of woody liana from forests of Brazil.

Usage: Seeds are allowed to mold, are ground, mixed with cassava
flour and water to form paste, and dried in cylindrical shapes.
For use ´ tsp. is scraped from cylinder, dissolved in 1 cup hot
water with honey, and drunk.

Active Constituents: Caffeine 5% (2 ´ times that of coffee).

Effects: Stimulant.

Contraindications: Long-term excessive use of caffeine may causes
nervousness, insomia, habituation.

Supplier: MGH


HARMINE 7-methoxy-1-methyl-9H-pyrido (3,4-b) indole.

Material: Indole-based alkaloid found in several plants including
Banisteriopsis caapi (from which the South American
hallucinogenic brew yage is prepared), Peganum harmala (Syrian
rue), Zygophyllum fabago, and Passiflora incarnata (Passion
flower).

Usage: 25-750 mg harmine (see effects) is ingested on an empty
stomach stomach. In its hydrochloride form harmine may be snuffed
(20-200 mg). Injection dosages are smaller: SC 40-70 mg; IV 10-30
mg. Absorbed poorly through stomach.

Effects: Harmine and related alkaloids are serotonin antagonists,
hallucinogens, CNS stimulants, and short-term MAO inhibitors (100
x MAO inhibition of iproniazid but lasting only several hours).
Small doses (25-50 mg) act as mild and therapeutic cerebral
stimulant, sometimes producing drowsy or dreamy state for 1-2
hours. Larger doses up to 750 mg may have hallucinogenic effects,
the intensity of which varies widely with the individual. Doses
of 25-250 mg taken with LSD or psilocybin alter the quality of
the experience of the latter. Telepathic experience have been
reported with this combination.

Contraindications: Harmine is a brief MAO inhibitor. It should
not be used with alcohol and certain foods and drugs (see list at
end of file). When snuffed harmine may be slightly irritating to
nasal passages. Large amounts may depress CNS. Since individual
sensitivity varies this may occur with 250-750 mg.

Supplier: KK, KAL, TM.

o       Notes on other harmala alkaloids: Different harmala
alkaloids vary in potency. The equivalent of 100 mg harmine is 50
mg harmaline, 35 mg tetrahydraharman, 25 mg harmalol or harmol, 4
mg methoxyharmalan. Harmal alkaloids are synergistic (mutually
potentiating) and are therefore most effective when combined in
an appropriate balance. Tropines (belladonna alkaloids) also
potentiate harmals. Harmol and harmalol (phenols) in overdoses
can cause progressive CNS paralysis. All above are supplied by
KK, KAL, and TM.


HAWAIIAN WOOD ROSE, Baby Argyreia nervosa. Family Convolvulaceae
(Bindweed family).

Material: Seeds within round pods of climbing plant found in
Asian and Hawaiian forests.

Usage: Seeds are removed from pods, white layer is scraped or
singed from seed coat and seeds are ground and consumed or soaked
in water, strained and drunk. Dose 4-8 seeds.

Active Constituents: D-lysergic acid amide and related compounds.

Effects: LSD-like experience with extreme lassitude. Nausea may
be experienced during first hour or two. Total experience lasts
about 6 hours. Tranquil feelings may continue for 12 or more
hours afterwards.

Contraindications: Pregnant women or persons with hisory of liver
disorders should not take lysergic acid amides.

Supplier: RCS.


HAWAIIAN WOOD ROSE, LARGE  Merremia tuberosa. family
Convolvulaceae (Bindweed family).

Material: Large, black seeds within lantern-like pods of Hawaiian
vine.

Usage, Effects, and Contraindications: Similar to baby wood rose.
Dose 4-8 large seeds.

Supplier: RCS


HELIOTROPE Valeriana officinalis. Family Valerianaceae.

Material: Roots of fairly common garden plant.

Usage: ´ oz. boiled for 5 minutes in 1 pt. water, strained and
drunk.

Active Constituents: Chatinine, valerine (alkaloids), valeric
(propylacetic) acid.

Effects: Tranquilizer and sedative.

Contraindications: Has unpleasant smell but tolrable taste. May
add honey.

Supplier: Herb MGH; seeds RCS.


HENBANE Hyoscyamus niger L. Family Solanaceae (Potato family).

Material: Various parts of hairy, sticky biennial or annual found
in waste places, roadsides, and sandy areas of Europe (sometimes
USA).

Usage: Leaves and seeds are smoked in India and Africa for
inebriting effect. Brew made by boiling crushed roots.

Active Constituents: Hyoscyamine, scopolamine and other tropanes.

Effects: Hallucinogen and sedative. Hyoscyamine is similar to
atropine but more powerful in its effects upon the peripheral
nervous system.

Contraindications: Same as thornapple. European sorcerers of
middle ages claimed that excessive use cause permanent insanity.

Supplier: Must find in habitat.


HOPS Humulus lupulus. Family Cannabinacea.

Material: Flaky-textured and pleasantly bitter fruiting parts of
perennial vine used as a flavoring in beer brewing.

Usage: May be smoked like marijuana, extracted into alcohol or
steeped in water (1 oz./pt.).

Active Constituents: Lupuline (a resinous powder chemically
related to THC).

Effects: Sedative. When smoked gives mild marijuana-like high
with sedative qualities.

Contraindications: Excessive use over a long period may cause
dizziness, mental stupor and mild juandice symptoms in some
individuals.

Note: Several popular books on the cultivation of cannabis have
pointed out that hops vines may be grafted to marijuana root
stocks. The result is aplant which appears to be a normal hops
vine but which contains the active constituents of marijuana.
This means that people can raise their own marijuana disguised as
hops and not be discovered by law agents. Because of this the
government has asked hops growers to refuse to sell hops cuttings
to the general public. There are no laws against hops but they
are now difficult to obtain. Hops are mostly propagated from root
cuttings. Viable seeds are rare.

Supplier: Dried hop or viable roots MGH; viable seeds RCS.


HYDRANGEA Hydrangea paniculata grandiflora. Family Saxifragaceae.

Material: Leaves of common garden shrub.

Usage: Leaves are dried and smoked. One cigarette only.

Active Constituents: Hydrangin, saponin and cyanogenic
substances.

Effects: Mild marijuana-like high, subtoxic inebriation.

Contraindications: Too much may produce more cyanide than the
system can metabolize. Not recommended.

Supplier: Nurseries, RCS.


INDIAN SNAKEROOT Rauwolfia serpentina. Family Apocynaceae
(Dogbane Family).

Material: Root of shrub native of Indian.

Usage: 50-150 mg of root is chewed and ingested.

Active Constituents: Reserpine, rescinnamine, yohimbine,
ajmaline, serpentine (indole alkaloids).

Effects: Lowers blood pressure, tranquilizers mind without
causing stupor and ataxia. Effects are delayed for serveral days
to several weeks because reserpine must be converted in the body
into secondary substances. Used medicinally to treat insanity and
by holy men to produce states of tranquility conducive to
meditation. Effects last for several days.

Contraindications: See reserpine.

Supplier: MGH (inquire). See reserpine and recinnamine.


INTOXICATING MINT Lagochilus inebrians. Family Labiatae (Mint
family).

Materials: Leaves of Central Asian shrub.

Usage: Leaves are dried and steeped to make tea.

Active Constituents: Unidentified polyhydric alcohol.

Effects: Tranquilizer, intoxicant, mild hallucinogen.

Contraindications: None known.

Supplier: MGH (inquire first).


IOCHROMA Iochroma sp. Family Solanaceae (Potato family).

Material: Leaves of shrub or small tree with tubular flowers
(purple, blue, scarlet, or white) found in wooded areas of Peru,
Chile, and Columbia (especially Andean highlands), also
cultivated in gardens in USA.

Usage: Leaves are smoked or made into tea.

Active Constituents: Unidentified (probably tropanes).

Effects: Hallucinogen.

Contraindications: Insuffivient data. Caution advised with all
tropane bearing materials.

Supplier: Cutting RCS.

JUNIPER Juniperus macropoda. Family Cupressaceae (Cypress
family).

Material: Leaves and branches of bush or tree found in
northwestern Himalayan area. Berries of some juniper species are
used in gin.

Usage: Leaves and branches are spread upon embers of fire. Person
places blanket over head while inhaling smoke.

Active Constituents: Norpseudoephedrine, vitamin C (which helps
to counteract some bad effects of the drug).

Effects: Stimulation, euphoria, mental clarity, followed
occasionally by hallucinations terminating in drowsiness, sleep,
or depression. Resoiratory and pulse rate increase.

Contraindications: Initial use sometimes accompanied by
dizziness, lassitude, epigastric pain, decreased cardiovascular
capacity. Prolonged use may result in cardiac diseases, appetite
loss, reduction in sexual drive, delirium tremens.

Supplier: Cutting RCS (inquire).


KOLA NUTS Cola nitida. Family Sterculiaceae (Cacao family).

Material: Seeds of African tree.

Usage: Seeds are chewed or ground and boiled in water, 1
tbsp./cup.

Active Constituents: Caffeine 2%, theobromine, kolanin (a
glucoside).

Effects: Stimulant and economizer of muscular and nervous
energies, Aids combustion of fats and carbohydrates, reduces
combustion of nitrogen and phosphorus in body.

Contraindications: Long-term excessive use of caffeine may cause
nervousness, insomnia, habituation.

Supplier: MGH


KUTHMITHI Withania somnifera. Family Solanaceae (Potato family).

Material: Root-bark of shrub found in open places and disturbed
areas of South Africa, tropical Africa and India. Other parts of
plant used medicinally as local pain reliever, leaves to rid
lice, fruit to make soap.

Usage: Root-bark boiled as infusion.

Active Constituents: Somniferine, withaferin, and other
alkaloids.

Effects: Sedative.

Contraindications: No apparent undesirable side effects. Given
safely to infants in North Africa.

Supplier: Cuttings RCS (inquire).


LION'S TAIL Lenotis leonurus R. Br. Family Labiatae (Mint
family).

Material: Resins from leaves of tall South African perennial
shrub found in gardens of warmer parts of U.S.

Usage: Dark green resin is scraped or extracted from leaves and
flower parts and added to tabacco or other smoking mixtures.
Dried leaves may also be smoked or chewed.

Effects: Similar to marijuana and/or tobacco.

Active Constituents: Unidentified resinous materials (possibly
leonurine).

Contraindications: Persistent use may lead to habituation (same
degree as tobacco).

Supplier: Some Southern California nurseries; RCS (inquire).


LOBELIA Lobelia inflata. Family Lobeliaceae.

Material: Leaves, stems, and seeds of North American plant
sometimes called Indian tobacco.

Usage: May be smoked or steeded - 1tbs./pt. water.

Active Constituents: Lobeline - 2-[6-·-hydroxyphenethyl)-1-methyl-2-
piperidyl]  acetophenone - and related alkaloids.

Effects: When smokded produces mild marijuana-like quphoria and
improves mental clarity. Tea acts simultaneously as a stimulant
and relaxant. Lesser amount tend to act as stimulant; larger
amounts as a relaxant. Also may cause tingling body sensations
and altered mental state.

Contraindication: Has acrid taste, causes unpleasant, prickly
feelings in mouth and throat. May cause nausea, vomiting, and
cirulatory disturbances. Smoking may cause brief headaches in
persons subject to migraine.

Supplier: Herb and herbal seed MGH; viable seed RCS.


MADAGASCAR PERIWINKLE Catharanthus roseus, formerly Vinca rosea.
Family Apocynaceae (Dogbane family).

Material: Leaves of everblooming subshrub native to Madagascar,
now grown as ornamental throughout USA and foubnd wild in
Florida.

Usage: Dried leaves are smoked.

Active Constituents: Indole alkaloids resembling ibogaine:
akummine, catharosine, vindoline, vincristine, vinblastine,
vincamine.

Effects: Euphoria and hallucinations, Vincamine improves mental
ability in cerebrovascular disorders.

Contraindications: Causes immediate reduction of white
corpuscles. Excessive or prolonged use causes itching abd burning
skin, hair loss, ataxia, and degeneration of muscle tissue.
Strongly disrecommended.

Supplier: Plants, nurseries; viable seeds RCS.

MANDRAKE Mandragora officinarum L. Family Solanaceae (Potato
family).

Material: Various parts especially parsnip-shaped rppt of
perennial plant found in fields and stony places of southern
Europe.

Usage: Brew amde from boiling crushed root.

Active Constituents: Scopolamine, hyoscyamine, mandragorine and
other tropanes.

Effects: Hallucinations followed by deathlike trance and sleep.

Contraindications: Same as thornapple. Said to cause insanity.
Not recommended.

Supplier: Must be obtained in Europe.

MARABA Kaempferia galanga L. Family Zingiberaceae (Ginger
family).

Material: Rhizome chweed and ingested.

Active Constituents: Unidentified substance(s) in volatile oils
of rhizome.

Effects: Hallucinogen.

Contraindications: None known. Has long histroy of medicinal use.

Supplier: MGH (inquire).

MATê Ilex paraguayensis. Family Aquifoliaceae (Holly family).

Material: Leaves of small evergreen tree found near streams in
forests of Brazil, Aregentina and Paraguay.

Usage: Leaves steeped in hot water and drunk.

Active Consituents: Caffeine and other purines.

Effects: Stimulant. Not as upsetting to system as coffee or tea.

Contraindications: Long-term excessive use of caffeine may cause
nervousness, insomnia, habituation.

Supplier: MGH, health stores.


MESCAL BEANS Sophora secundiflora. Family Leguminosae (Bean
family).

Material: Red Bean of evergreen shrub found in Texas, New Mexico
and northern Mexico.

Usage: ¨ bean or less is roasted near a fire until it turns
yellow, ground to meal, chewed and swallowed.

Active Constituents: Cytisine (a toxic pyridine).

Effects: Vomoting, intoxication and increased heartbeat, followed
by 3 days of drowsiness or sleep.

Contraindications: Extremely toxic. Even just a little too much
(´ bean for some) may cause convulsions and death. Was used in
ritual by Plains Indians before they had peyote. Now it is no
longer used.

Supplier: Grows wild on limestone hills. Viable seeds RCS.


5-MeO-DMT 5-methoxy-n,n-dimethyltryptamine.

Material: Indole-based alkaloid found in seeds, pods, bark and
resins of several South American trees, including Piptadenia
peregrina and Virola calophylla, used in the snuffs yopo, epena,
and parica.

Usage: 3.5-5 mg are on top of parsley flakes in a small-bowl hash
pipe and smoked in one inhalation, or broken into fine particles
and snuffed.

Effects: Overwhelming psychedelic effects occir almost instantly,
softening to a pleasant LSD-like sensation after 2-3 minutes.
Changes in perception may occur including brightening of colors
and macroscopia (size changes). Total experience last 20-30
minutes.

Contraindications: Some persons experience dizziness,
disorientation and sensations of pressure during first 2-3
minutes especially with larger doses. If this occurs it is best
to try and flow with the experience because it will quickly pass
and give way to more comfortable feeling. One should not take
5-MeO-DMT on a full stomach or when feeling bloated, as pressure
and nausea may occur. The drug leaves no hangover or undesirable
aftereffects. One usually feels pleasantly stimulated for several
hours afterwards. If taken too soon before retiring, it may
interfere with sleep. Because of intense initial effects one
should never use this substance while driving. Very large doses.
sufficient to cause heavy blood rush to the head, may rupture
weak capillaries in the brain. Continued to excess this might
eventually impair mental functions. MAO Inhibitor (see end of
file).

Suplier: KK, TM.


MORMON TEA Ephedra nevadensis. Family Gnetaceae.

Material: Above ground parts of leafless desert shrub found in
American Southwest.

Usage: ´ oz./1 pt. water boiled for 10 minutes.

Active Constituents: D-norpseudoephedrine. (Note: In contrast to
the Asian species E. equisetina and E. sinica, E. nevadensis
contains little or no ephedrine).

Effects: Stimulant. Also relieves congestion and asthma.

Contraindications: No serious side effects known. May depress
appetite if used to excess.

Supplier: Dried herb MGH; viable seeds RCS.


MORNING GLORY Ipomoea violacea. Family Convolculaceae (Bindweed
family).

Material: Seeds and to a lesser extent all other parts of plant
except roots. Strongest varieties are: Heavenly Blue, Pearly
Gates, Flying Saucers, Wedding Bells, Blue Star, Summer Skies,
and Badoh Negro (Mexican variety).

Usage: 5-10 grams of seeds are throughly chewed and swallowed or
may be thoroughly ground and soaked in ´ cup water for half an
hour, strained and drunk.

Active Constituents: D-lysergic acid amide and ergometrine.

Effects: LSD-like experience lasting 6 hours.

Contraindication: Persons with history of hepatitis or other
liver disorders should not take lysergic acid amides. Ergometrine
has uterus stimulating properties and should not be taken by
pregnant women. Some supplier treat morning-glory seeds with
poison to discourage use as a mind alterant, or with methyl
mercury to prevent spoilage (symptons: vomiting, diarrhea). If
treated seeds are planted toxins are not transmitted to next
generation. Some persons wearing treated seeds as beads on bare
skin have developed rash.

Supplier: Untreat seeds RCS.


NUTMEG Myristica fragrans. Family Myristicaceae (Nutmeg family).

Material: Seeds of tropical evergreen tree found in East and West
Indies.

Usage: 5-20 grams of whole or ground nutmeg is ingested.

Active Constituents: Methylenedioxy-substituted compounds:
myristicin (non-amine precursor of 3-methoxy-4,5-
methylenedioxyamphetamine [M-MDA]), elemicin, and safrole (non-amine
precursor of 3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine [MDA]). These and other
aromatic fractions combine synergistically to produce psychotropic
effect. Terpenes enhance absorption.

Effects: Possible nausea during first 45 minutes, followed in
several hours by silly feelings and giggling, and then dryness of
mouth and throat, flushing of skin and blodshot eyes, heavy
intoxicated feeling, incoherant speech and impaired moter
function. This is followed by tranquil feelings, stupor with
inability to sleep, euphoria and twilight state dreams. Total
experience last about 12 hours, followed by 24 hours of
drowsiness and sleep.

Contraindication: May cause temporary constipation and difficulty
in urination. Nutmeg oils increase fat deposits on liver. Safrole
is carcinogenic  and toxic to liver. Benefucial as spice or in
small amounts; not recommended as hallucingen.

Supplier: Grocery stores; viable seeds RCS.


OLOLUIQUE Rivea corymbosa. Family Convolvulaceae (Bindweed
family).

Material: Seeds of vine found in mountains of southern Mexico.

Usage: 15 or more seeds are thoroughly ground and soaked in ´ cup
water.

Active Constituents: D-lysergic acid amide, lysergol, and
turbicoryn (a crystalline glucoside).

Effects: LSD-like experience lasting about 6 hours, with relaxed
feelings afterwards. Nausea may be experienced during first hour.
D-lysergic acid amide is a hallucinogen. Turbicoryn stimulates
the CNS and has anti-tension properties

Contraindications: Persons with history of liver disorders should
not take lysergic acid amides.

Supplier: Must be procured in Mexico.


PARSLEY Petroselinum crispum. Family Umbelliferae (Carrot
family).

Material Oil of seeds.

Usage: Ingested

Active Consituents: Apiole (non-amine precursor of 2,5-dimethoxy-
3,4-methlenedioxyamphetamine [DMMDA]) and another u identified
olefinic substance with an allyl side chain which is the
non-amine precursor of 2,3,4,5-tetramethoxyamphetamine (Tetra
MA).

Effects: Uncertain (stimulant-hallucinogen?). Useful as stomachic
in small doses.

Contrainications: Psychotropically effective doses toxic to liver
and harmful to kidneys. Not recommended.

Supplier Herb dealers, MGH; viable seed RCS, B, G, NK, FM.


PASSIONFLOWER Passiflora incarnata. Family Passifloraceae
(passionflower family).

Material Leaves and stems of perennial vine native to West Indies
and southern USA, now cultivated throughout world.

Usage: May be smoked, steeped as tea (´ oz./1 pt. boiled water)
or reduced to crude alkaloidal mix.

Active Consituents: Harmine and related alkaloids. Approximately
1 gm mixed harmal alkaloids per kilo. Also several unidentified
alkaloids.

Effects: Smoked, very mild, short-lasting marijuana-like high.
Tea, tranquilizer and sedative. Harmala alkaloids are
hallucingens.

Contraindictions: Other materials in crude alkaloid reduction may
cause nausea. Harmala alkaloids are short-term MAO inhibitors.
See list of dangerous combinations, at end of file.

Supplier: Herb, MGH; seed and plants, RCS.


PEMOLIONE 2-imimo-5-phenyl-4-oxazolidinone.

Material: Hydantoin-group chemical prepared synthetically.

Usage: 20-50 mg orally.

Effect: Mental stimulant with very little CNS stimulation,
lasting 6-12 hours.

Contraindictions: No serious side effects. Insomnia may occur if
sufficient time is not alloweed between taking pemoline and
retiring.

Supplier: KK, TM.


PEMOLINE MAGNESIUM [2-imino-5-phenyl-4-oxazolidinonato(2)-]
diaquomagnesium.

Material: A complex from equimolar mixture of pemoline and
magnesium hydroxide under study in Abbott Laboratories as an
adjunct to learning and memory.

Usage: Pemoline magnesium is not always available. To prepare the
magnesium complex 500 mg of pemoline is mixed with 170 mg or more
of magnesium hydroxide and moistened, or with ´ tsp. or more milk
of magnesia. Mixture should be stirred thoroughly as a paste and
allowed 30 minutes to insure reaction before using. This material
is divided into 10-14 equal portions. One portion is ingested
each morning for 10-14 consecutive days. The effects are
cumulative. Results are most noticeable when combined with high
protein diet, abundant vitamin C and balanced B complex intake,
and adequate calcium and magnesium consumption. For more
pronounced and immediate effects as a cerebral and CNS stimulant,
200-500 mg of pemoline magnesium may be taken as once.

Effects: Larger dosage acts as a CNS stimulant and psychic
stimulant, improving mental faculties, especially memory, for
6-24 hours. Its effects are similar to the emphetamines without
causing dryness of mucous membrance tissues and cardiac stress.
Smaller consecutive doses act as mild CNS and psychic stimulant
and accumulate magnesium in cerebal synapses. Magnesium acts as a
catalyst conductor in the synapses of the brain's memory centers.
Taken in this manner magnesium pemoline may increase efficiency
of memory up to 60% in both young persons and senile older
people. After completing the series these effects may last from
several weeks to several months, tapering gradually. Effects can
be regained by taking boosters series when needed. It can be
taken either while learning or while attempting to recall learned
material. Assits RNA formation in brain.

Contraindications: Large doses (or even smaller doses if taken
too soon before retiring may interefere with sleep.

Supplier: Pemoline magnesium hydroxide, and sometimes pemoline
magnesium (inquire), KK, TM.


PIPILZINTZINTLI Salvia diveinorum. Family Labiatae (Mint family).

Material: Leaves of plant found in southern Mexico. Also used for
same effects are leaves of Coleus blumei and C. pumila, common
house plants.

Usage: About 70 large fresh leaves are thoroughly chewed and
swallowed or crushed and soaked in 1 pt. water for 1 hour,
strained and drunk. If osterizer is avilable leaves may be
liquefied in water.

Active Consituents: Uncertain, believed to be an unstable
crystalline polyhydric alcohol.

Effects: Similar to psilocybin with colorful visual patterns, but
milder and lasting only 2 hours.

Contraindications: Some people experience nausea during first ´
hour; otherwise no unpleasant or harmful side effects known.

Supplier: S. divinorum must usually be procured in Mexico. It is
extremely rare. The Church of the Tree of Life (451 Columbus
Avenua, San Francisco, California 94133) has a large specimen,
one of the few existing in the USA. They will send a rooted
cutting to anyone who donates $100 or more to the church. Coleus
plants may be bought in any nursery; coleus seeds B, FM, G, NK,
RCS.


PSILOCYBE MUSHROOMS Psilocybe mexicana. Family Agaricaceae
(Agaric family)

Material: Carpophores and myvelia of this mushroom, found in
southern Mexico, and of other chemically related species (see
below) found in North and South America.

Usage: 4-20 fresh mushrooms are consumed on empty stomach. Number
deopends upon size, time of harvest, and individual's tolerance.

Active Constituents: Psilocybin and psilocin.

Effects: Muscular relaxation and mild visual changes during first
15-30 minutes followed by giddiness, straying of concentration,
visual and auditory hallucinations, lassitude, and feelings of
disassociation without loss of awareness. Peak 1-1´ hours after
ingestion. Total experience approximately 6 hours.

Contraindictions: Taken too soon after food may cause nausea.
Mazatec Indians claim that constant use of these mushrooms over
extended period will accelerate aging process. One death
(6-year-old boy) was attributed to the ingestion of alarge number
of P. baeocystis, which contains baeocystin and nor-baeocystin.
Normal use by adults does not indicate toxicity.

Supplier: Many species may be found wild throughout USA and
Canada. Amoung them are: Psilocybe baeocystis, P. caerulescens
(strongest variety), P. caerulipes, P. cubensis var. cyanescens,
P. cyanescens, P. pellipes, Conocybe cyanopes, Copelandia
cyanescens, Panaeolus foenisecci, P. subbalteatus, Pholiotina
cyanopoda. Do not consume mushrooms gather wild until positively
identified by expert mycologist.


RESCINNAMINE 3,4,5-trimethoxycinnamoyl methyl reserpate.

Material: Indole-based alkaloid in Rauwolfia sepentina.

Usage: 0.5-2.5 mg orally.

Effects: Hypotensive, sedative, tranquilizer similar to
reserpine.

Contraindictions: Similar to reserpine but less severe.

Supplier: KK, TM.


RESERPINE 3,4,5-trimethoxybenzoyl methyl reserpate.

Material: Major active indole-based alkaloid in Rauwolfia spp.

Usage: 0.05-2.5 mg orally.

Effects: Hypotensive, sedative, tranquilizer. Depletes serotonin
and nor-epinephrine in brain tissue. Delayed but prolonged
effect. See Indian Snakeroot.

Contraindictions: Usually safe if not taken in overdoses or
excessively. Too much or with sensitive individuals may cause
nasal stuffiness, diarrhea, slowed heartbeat, drowsiness,
fatigue. Too frequent use may cause weight gain. MAO inhibitor
interfere with serotonon and norepinephrine depleting action of
reserpine.

Supplier: KK, TM, MCB, COC


SAN PEDRO Trichocereus pachanoi. Family Cactaceae (Cactus
Family).

Material: Tall braching cactus from Peru and Ecuador.

Usage: A piece 3" diameter x 3-6" long is cut, peeled and eaten
(do not waste that which clings to the inside of the skin as it
is most potent), or instead of peeling, mash it or cut it into
small pieces and biol in 1 quart water for hours, strain and
drink slowly.

Active Constituents: Mescaline (1.2 g/k fresh weight),
homoveratrylamine, 3-methoxytyramine.

Effects: Similar to peyote but more tranquil. takes 1-1´ hours to
come on, lasts about 6 hours.

COntraindications: Some people experience mausea from mescaline.
It is best to take mescaline, peyote or San Pedro slowly over a
period of 45 minutes to aviod chemical shock to the system.

Supplier: Cutting AND, NMCR; seeds NMCR, RCSD.


SASSAFRAS Sassafras officinale albidum. Family Lauraceae (Laurel
family).

Material: Aromatic root-bark of North American tree.

Usage: Brewed as tea (1 oz./pt. water). Oil fraction extracted in
alcohol or distilled. Safrole is not water-soluble. Starting dose
100-200 mg of extracted and dried oil.

Active Consituents: Safrole (non-amine precursor of MDA
[3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine]).

Effects: Tea in large doses acts as stimulant and induces
perspiration. Safrole (MDA) stimulant, hallucinogen; aphrodisiac
in large doses, euphoriant in small doses.

Contraindications: Safrole is toxic to liver (avoid repeated
use). Increases incidence of tumors in laboratory animals.
Excessive doses may cause vomiting, shock, aphasia, and death by
central paralysis of respiration. Normal use as tea is safe.

Supplier: Fresh root wild, eastern USA, collected in early sprint
or autumn. Dried root MGH; young trees RCS.


SCOPOLAMINE HYDROBROMIDE

Material: Hydrobromide salt of tropane alkaloid found in
belladonna, datura, and other solanaceaous plants.

Usage: 0.5-5 mg orally on empty stomach.

Effects: CNS depressant, anticholonergic, sedative in small doses
(0.3-0.8 mg). Euphoriant, hallucinogen and narcotic in large
doses. Takes effect within 15 minutes; lasts 4-12 hours.

Contraindications: Dry mouth and mucous membrances, blurred
vision, difficult swallowing, hot dry skin, headache, restless
fatigue. Must not be used by persons with cardiovascular
disorders or glaucoma. Excessive use may cause brain
decomposition. Not recommended.

Supplier: MCB, KAL, KK, TM.


SHANSI Coriaria thymifolia. Family Coriariaceae.

Material: Purple berries of frond-like shrub found in ANdes and
of other similar species (C. japonica, C. Muscifolia).

Usage: Berries are eaten. Active substances also on leaves.

Active Consituents: Catecholic compunds, sesquiterpenes;
coriamyrtine, coriatine, tutine and pseudotutine.

Effects: Stimulation, hallucinations and sensations of flight.

Contraindications: Little known about this substance. Some tribes
regard it as toxic. LArge doses may cause stupor, coma,
convulsions.

Supplier: Some nurseries carry related species.


SINICUICHI Heimia salicifolia. Family Lythraceae (Loosestrife
family).

Material: Leaves of plant found from Mexico to Argentina.

Usage: Plucked leaves are allowed to wilt slightly, are crushed
in water (or liquefied in blender), permitted to ferment for 1
day in the sun and drunk. If fresh material is not available
dried herb may be steeped in hot water and allowed to sit in sun
for 1 day before drinking. Ten grams dried herb or equivalent of
fresh leaves suggested as starting dose.

Active Constituents: Cryogenine (1-carbamyl-2-phenylhydrazine),
an alkaloid.

Effects: Pleasant drowsiness, skeletal muscle relaxation, slowing
of heartbeat, dilation of coronary vessels, inhibition of
acetylcholine, enhancement of epinephrine, slight reduction of
blood pressure, cooling of body, mild intoxication and giddiness,
darkening of vision, auditory hallucinations (sounds seem
distant), and increased memory function.

Contraindications: No hangover or undesirable side effects.
Overindulgence causes golden-yellow tinge to vision on following
day. Continued immoderate use may eventually hamper memory.

Supplier: Must be procured in Mexico (Oaxaca marketplace).


SO'KSI Mirabilis multiflora. Family Nyctaginaceae (Four-o'clock
family).

Material: Root of magenta-flowered oerennial found at elevations
of 2500-5600 ft. on hillsides amoung rocks and shrubs throughout
Arizona, Utah, Colorado and northern Mexico.

Usage: Large root is chewed and juice is swallowed. Used by Hopi
medicine men for diagnostic divination.

Active Constituents: Unidentified.

Effects: Hallucinogen.

Contraindictions: None known. Root of similar species M. jalapa
(four-o'clocks) may posses similar activity, but is also powerful
emetic.

Supplier: Viable seeds RCS. Plants found wild in SW USA. Caution:
M. multiflora has 2-5 flowers per calyx; M. jalapa has only one.
M. jalapa seeds RCS, FM, NK, B, G.


SYRIAN RUE Peganum harmala. Family Zygophyllaceae (Caltrop
family.)

Material: Seeds of woody perennial native  to Middle East. (Roots
also active but seldom used.)

Usage 1 oz. seeds are thoroughly chewed and swallowed. Mosy
effective when combined with other psychotropic materials,
especially those containing tropanes.

Active Constituents: Harmine, harmaline and harmalol.

Effects and Contraindications: Hallucinogen; see harmine et al.

Supplier: MGH (inquire).


THORN-APPLE Datura inoxia Mill. Family Solanaceae (Potato
family).

Material: Roots, stems, leaves, flowers or seeds of short annual
herb found in dry open places and garbage dumps of Mexixo and
southwestern USA.

Usage: Stems and leaves smoked to relieve asthma or produce mild
intoxication. Roots and seeds for divinatory uses. Root is
crushed in water and drunk. Leaves and seeds added to ganga
(cannabis) in India for extra effects.

Active Constituents: Scopolamine, atropine, hyoscyamine and other
tropanes.

Effects: Hallucinogen and hypnotic.

Contraindications: Excessive amounts toxic. May cause blacking
out and severe headaches. Yaqui Indian brujos claim that smoking
or ingestion of flowers will cause insanity. See scopolamine and
stropine.

Supplier: Seeds RCS. Other similar species include: D. fastuosa,
D. metel, D. Meteloides (toloachi), D. stramonium (jimson weed).
See also tree daturas, atropine, scopolamine.


TREE DATURAS Datura, subgenus Brugmansia; includes D. candida, D.
suaveolens, D. sanguinea, D. arborea, D. aurea, D. dolichocarpa,
D. vulcanicola. Family Solanaceae (Potato family).

Material: Various parts of short tree with dropping fragrant,
trumpet-shaped flowers native to South America found in many
gardens throughout USA (especially California).

Usage: Leaves are sometimes smoked. Other parts brewed in hot
water. In Andes small amount of seed is pulverized and added to
beverages. Infusion given orally or rectally in adolescent ritual
among some western Amazon tribes.

Active Constituents: Scopolamine, hyoscyamine, nor-hyoscyamine
and other tropanes.

Effects: Leaves similar to D. inoxia. Seeds cause mental
confusion, delirium followed by fitful sleep with colorful
hallucinations.

Contraindictions: More toxic than D. inoxia. Excessive amounts
may cause amnesia.

Supplier: Seeds of D. arborea, D. candida and D. suaveolens RCS.
See also atropine and scopolamine.


L-TRYPTOPHAN 1-a-aminoindole-3-propionic acid.

Material: Amino acid essential to human nutrition.

Usage 5-8 grams are ingested on empty stomach.

Effects: Drowsiness, euphoria and mental changes similar to mild
(5 mg) does of psilocybin.

Contraindictions: Tendency to fall asleep. Excessive use could
cause dietary amino acid imbalence.

Supplier: MCB, COC, TM, KAL, KK (Note: Trytophan was recently
banned by the FDA for human consumption, this may make it harder
to find, try chemical supply stores - EoI).


WILD FENNEL Foeniculum vulgare Mill.  Family Umbelliferae (Carrot
family).

Material: Oil from seeds of feathery-leafed weed bearing
yellow-green umbels with anise fragrance found in waste places of
southern Europe and west coast USA.

Usage: 5-20 drops of oil orally.

Active Constituents: Estragole (non-amine precursor of
4-methoxyamphetamine [MA]).

Effects: Epileptic-like convulsions and hallucinations.

Contraindications: Epileptic syndrome is undesirable.
Constituents in the oil are toxic to liver and harsh to kidneys.
Normal amounts as used in falvoring are apparently safe;
hallucingenic dosage may be disastrous.

Supplier: Grows wild. Seeds MGH; viable seeds RCS.


WORMWOOD Artemisia absinthium. Family Compositae (Sunflower
family).

Material: Leaves and stems of common herb.

Usage: Bitter essential oil is extracted into alcohol. SOmetimes
combined with Pernod or anisette to make absinthe.

Active Consituents: Absinthine (a dimeric guaianolide),
anabsinthin, and volatile oil mainly consisting of thujone.

Effects: Narcotic.

Contraindications: Excessive long-term ise of liqueur may be
habit forming and debilitating. Ingestion of volatile oil or
liqueur may cause GI disturbances, nervousness, stupor and
convulsion due to thujone.

Supplier: Dried herb MGH; viable seeds RCS.


YAGE (Pronounced ya-hee; also called ayahuasca.) Banusteriopsis
caapi. Family Malpighiaceae.

Material: Lower parts of stem from vine found in Amazon and
Orinoco basins of South America.

Usage: Stem is pounded in mortar, usually with other local
psychoactive materials (mostly solanaceous plants), boiled in
just enough water 2-24 hours, strained, reduced to 1/10 volume, 4
oz cup is drunk by natives. Other should start with 1/3 this
amount.

Active Constituents: Harmine, harmaline, harmalol and
tetrahydroharmine. Approximetely 500 mg total alkaloids per 4 oz.
cup prepared as above.

Effects: Trembling within a few minutes followed by perspiration
and physical stimulation for 10-15 minutes, then calm with mental
clouding, hallucination, increased color, blue-violet shades,
size changes, and improved night vision. Harmala alkaloids are
short-term MAO inhibitors.

Contraindications: See harmine et al.

Supplier: No local sourse of yage. See harmine et al (EoI: See my
notes at end under Suppliers..)


Yohimbe Corynanthe yohimbe. Family Rubiaceae (madder family).

Material: The inner bark of a tropical West African tree.

Usage: 6-10 tsp of shaved bark boiled 10 minues in 1 pint water,
strained and sipped slowly. Addition of 500 mg vitamin C per cup
make it take effect more quickly and potently (probably by
forming easily assimilated ascorbates of the alkaloids).

Active Constituents: Yohimbine, yohimbiline, ajmaline
(indole-type alkaloids).

Effects: First effects after 30 minutes (15 minutes with
viatamin C), warm, pleassant spinal shiver, followed by psychic
stimulation, heghtening of emotional and sexual feelings, mild
perceptual changes without hallucinations, sometimes spontaneous
erections. Sexual activity is especially pleasurable. Feelings of
bodies melting into one another. Total experience lasts 2-4
hours. Aftereffects: pleasant, relazed feeling with no hangover.
See yohimbine.

Contraindications: Tannins and alkaloids make tea somewhat bitter
and unpleasant. Addition of honey may help. Slight nausea may be
experience by some individuals during 30 minutes. Vitamin C
lessens this. MAO inhibitor; see dangerous combinations, p. 27.
See also yohimbine.

Supplier: MGH


YOHIMBINE HYDROCHLORIDE

Material: Yohimbine is one of several indole-based alkaloids
found in Corynanthe yohimbe, Rauwolfia serpentina, and several
other plants.

Usage: In hydrochloride form it may be either ingested or
snuffed. Dose 15-50 mg (amount size of 1 line of cocaine equals
10 mg).

Effects: Central stimulant, mild hallucinogen, sympathomimetic
with both cholinergic and adrenergic blocking properties,
serotonin inhibitor with both cholinergic and adrenergic blocking
properties, serotonin inhibitor, hypotensive (decreases blood
pressure), and activator of spinal ganglia affecting erectile
tissue of sexual organs (aphrodisiac). Taken orally first effects
occur after 15-30 minutes. Snuffed first effects occur within 5
minutes. Initial effects may include subtle psychic and
perceptual changes, stimulant similar to cocaine, and spinal
shivers. Total experience lasts 2-4 hours gradually tapering.

Contraindications: If taken too close to bedtime may cause
insomnia. If taken while physically exhausted hypotensive
properties may be sharply exafferated. Shuld not be used by
persons with ailment of injury of kidneys, liver or heart, or
inclination towards diabetes or hypoglycemia. MAO inhibitor (see
list of dangerous combinations, p. 27). Anxiety may also occur.
Sodium amobarbitol or Librium alleviate this. Imipramine may
worsen it. Nausea may occur from ingestion of yohimbine, but is
not likely when snuffed.

Supplier: COC, KK, TM, Chemical Supply Stores.


                                SUPPLIERS

        The companies listed here are straight, legitimate
business, Their function is to provide herbs, botanicals, or
chemicals in general. They do not expect that their products are
to be used psychotropically. Type your order, sound normal, do
not ask questions about dose, use, effects, etc. If they think
that you are using  their products as drugs they will probably
refuse to do business with you. Of an item is not in their
catalog inquire about its availability before ordering it.
Include stamped, self-addressed envelope with all queries.
Include 50 cents for postage and handling when requesting
catalogs.

[Note from EoI: I think that many of the chemical companies
listed here have gone out of business. With the 'War on Drugs'
and all it is much harder to order chemicals of any kind. Most of
the chemicals listed here are available from a few supply
companies, look in your local area for ones dealing in
pharmacutical products. I'll list a few extra companies below the
list from the book that may be useful.]


                      LETTER CODES USED IN THIS BOOK

AHD     A. Hugh Dial, 7685 Deer Trail, Yucca Valley, Calif.
B       W. Atlee Burpee Seed Co, 6450 Rutland, Riverside, Calif
                  "              18th & Hunting Park Ave, Philadelphia PA
                  "              615 N. 2nd, Clinton, Lowa.
COC     Columbia Organic Chemicals, 912 Drake St, Columbia, SC
FM*     Ferry-Morse Seed Co., 111 Ferry-Morse Way, Mountain View, Calif
                  "           Stephen Beal Dr., Fulton Ky.
G       Germain's Inc., 4820 E. 50th Vernon, Calif. 90058
KAL     K & K Laboratories, 121 Express St. Plainview, NY.
MCB     Matherson-Coleman-Bell, POB 1622, Milwaukee, Wisc.
MGH*    Magic Garden Herb Co., PON 332, Fairfax Calif 94930
NK*     Northrop-King Seed Cp., 2850 South Highway 99, Fresno, Calif
                   "            1500 NE Jackson, Minneapolis, Minn.
NMCR    New Mexico Cactus Research, POB 787, Belen, NM
RCS*    Redwood City Seed Co., POB 361, Redwood City Calif, 94061
TM      Terrestrial Materials, POB 2152, San Francisco, Calif.

Companies with a '*' next to their letter codes are ones that I
know are still in business as of July 1990. All the ones below
are also in business as of this date.

----------------------------------------------------------------
                                OTHERS

Spectrum Chemical       14422 South San Pedro, Gardena CA 213-516-8000
Has Yohimbine Hydrochloride, and others. Will not sell to
individuals, so you will be to order as a 'Company'.

.... of the Jungle      POB 1801, Sebastopol, CA 95473
Sells many of the South America plants list here, plus many
others not listed. Has some info available on usage. Catalog
$2.00 (Worth it).

Island Spore Co.        POB 8055, Honolulu, Hawaii 96830
Seels Hawaiian Woodrose seeds, and mushroom spore prints, etc.

Thompson & Morgan       POB 1308, Jackson, NJ 08527 201-363-2225
Largest seeds catalog in the world. They supposely sell peyote
seeds. Catalog Free.

Inner Center    POB 362 Hermosa Beach, CA 90254
Is supposed to sell many of the substances listed in this file.
Send $0.25 for the catalog.

Avoid trying to ordering anything from Alrich Chemicals (East
Coast) they have strong ties with law enforcement and generally
assume the worst of their customers.

                        !!DANGEROUS COMBINATIONS!!

READ THIS!! VERY IMPORTANT. IGNORING THIS COULD LEAD TO SERIOUS
MEDICAL PROBLEMS (like death...)

        Unless one is very experienced in pharmacology it is
unwise to experiment with combinations of drugs. Even when using
a single drug, thought should be given to all substances, both
food and drug, which have been taken recently. Most primitive
people fast or at least adstain from certain substances for
several days prior to taking a sacrament. Substances most
universally avoided are alcohol, coffee, meat, fat and salt. Some
drugs potentiate others. For example, atropine will increase the
potency of mescaline, harmine, cannabis and opiates. Many of the
substances discussed in this book are MAO inhibitors. MAO
(monoamine oxidase) is an enzyme produced in the body which
breaks down amines and renders them harmless and ineffective. A
MAO inhibtor interfere with the protective enzyme and leaves the
body vulnerable to these amines. A common substance such as
tyramine, which is usually metabolized with little or no
pharmacological effect, may become dangerous in the presence of
an MAO inhibitor and cause headache, stiff neck, cardiovascular
difficulties, and even death. MAO inhibitors may intensify and
prolong the effects of other drugs (CNS depressants, narcotic
analgesics, anticholinergics, dibenzazepine antidepressants,
etc.) by interfering with their metabolism. In the presence of an
MAO inhibitor many substances which are ordinarily non-active
because of their swift metabolism may become potent psychoactive
drugs. The phenomenon may create a new series of mind alterants.
However, because of the complex and precarious variables
involved, it is risky and foolish for anyone to experiment with
these possibilities on the non-professional level.
        The most commonly used MAO inhibitors include hydrazines
such as iproniazid, Marsilid, Marplan, Niamid, Nardil, Catron;
also non-hydrazines such as propargylamines, cyclopropylamines,
aminopyrazine derivatives, indolealkylamines, and carbolines.
MAO-inhibiting materials discussed in this book include
yohimbine, various trytamines, especially 5-MeO-DMT and the
‡-methyltryptamines, and the various harmala alkaloids. The
latter are especially potent inhibitors but, like yohimbine and
the trytamines, are shoty-lasting in action (30 minutes to
several hours). Some of the commercial MAO inhibitors listed
above are effective for several days to several weeks.
        Amoung the materials which may be dangerous in
combination with MAO inhibitors are sedatives, tranquilizers,
antihistamines, narcotics and alcohol - any of which can cause
hypotensive crisis (severe blood pressure drop); and amphetamines
(even diet pills), mescaline, asarone, nutmeg (active doses),
macromerine, ephedrine, oils of dill, parsley or wild fennel,
beer, wine, cocoa, aged cheese and other tyrosine-containing
foods (tyrosine is converted into tyramine by bacteria in the
bowel) - any of which can cause hypertensive crises (severe blood
pressure rise).

                                FREEDOM

We upload the right of the individual to do with itself what it
wishes when it does not harm or transgress the rights of others.

We believe that it is better to grant people their natural right
to use upon themselves any substance they desire while supplying
them with factual information on use and misuse rather than to
attempt in vain  to curb abuse through legislation.

We are not children, nor are we stupid. As adult human beings we
are responsible for ourselves and have the right to make our own
decisions.

Those who use the information in this book for personal
experimentation are offered the following advice:

1)  Begin with doses below those given. If no undesirable
side-effects occur gradual increase of dosage may be tried on
separate occasions until desired effect occurs

2)  Do not combine drugs unless you know what you are doing. See
section titled 'Dangerous Combinations."

3) Allow rest periods of at least one week between experiments.

4)  When experimenting be relaxed, well rested, in good health,
and momentarily relieved of responsibilities.

5)  Do not permit yourself to become dependent upon any of these
substances for relaxation, stimulation, etc. Seek your high in
health, love, and awareness. Learn techniques of yoga, tai chi,
etc., for relaxation. Employ mediation for consciousness
expansion.


                        STAY HIGH - STAY FREE


-----------------------------------------------------------------
        Some Final Notes from Elric of Imrryr..

I've tried the following items from this book:

Calamus: Made me very sick (like a hang-over). Try small doses to
find out if your system can handle it. If you have the equipment
try reducing it down in alcohol.

Damiana: Not very impressive, unless you are out of marijuana.

5-Fluoro-A-Methyltryptamine & 5-MeO-DMT (From Inner Center). It works,
short strong halluncination, but may also give you a head-ache.

Hops: See Damiana

Morning Glory: Made me VERY sick. Try with caution, the 'high'
may not be worth the hang-over.

Nutmeg: It works, but is very rough on your system (cramps,
head-aches, etc).

Passionflower: Not very interesting by itself, but if smoked just
before taking LSD or 'shroom will almost double the power of the
trip. Be careful because it is a MAO inhibitor.

Psilocybe Mushrooms: The common 'shroom, now illegal but still
easy to buy or find. Grow kits still legal in most areas.

San Pedro: Taste foul, but does not cause stomach upset like
peyote. Nice halluncinations if you can force yourself to eat
enough. Try reducing by boiling, or treating with high proof
grain alcohol. If you know chemistry it is possible to make
Mescaline from this substance.

Sassafras: Made me over-sensitive, jumpy, and irritable. Use with
caution.

L-Tryptophan: It works, but will upset your body's chemical
balance. Don't use it to often, and eat a balanced meal
afterwards. Don't mix with MAO inhibitors; causes body cramps, and
headaches.

        That is all...

                Elric of Imrryr

Completed 7/17/90


Downloaded From Lunatic Labs Unlimited 213-655-0691
