

                        ***  Legal Highs   ***

                         re-typed by: Coroner


     The following are excerpts from the book "Legal Highs". All
drugs listed are 100% legal to possess and buy, HOWEVER any use of
these herbs for psychotropic purposes is against federal law. The
dosage, effects, contraindictions (harmful side-effects), and
suppliers are listed here. In writing this file I have chosen not to list
the more harmful drugs listed in the book, as experimentation with
these by amateurs could easily lead to death. If you're a REAL BIG
drug-drug head or are just really interested in the subject, then I
suggest you get a copy of the book. It may be hard to find, but is
well worth the search.

Here we go...

Supplier abbreviations used herein ---

AHD  -  A. Hugh Dial, 7685 Deer Trail, Yucca Valley, CA
B    -  W. Atlee Burpee Seed Co., 6450 Rutland, Riverside, CA
     &  18th & Hunting Park., Philadelphia, PA
     &  615 N. 2nd, Clinton Iowa
FM   -  Ferry-Morse Seed Co., 111 Ferry-Morse Way, Mountain View, CA
     &  Stephen Beal Dr., Fulton, KY
G    -  Germain's Inc., 4820 E. 50th, Vernon, CA
GBR  -  Gardens of the Blue Ridge, PO Box 10, Pineola, NC, 28662
MGH  -  Magic Garden Herb Co., PO Box 332, Fairfax, CA, 949300
NK   -  Northrop-King Seed Co.,2850 S. Highway 99, Fresno, CA
     &  1500 N.E. Jackson, Minneapolis, MN
NMCR -  New Mexico Cactus Research, PO Box 787, Belen, NM
WP   -  Wine and the People, PO Box 2914, Oakland, CA

NOTE: It is best to send off for a catalog from these places
      before trying to order anything


  BETEL NUT (Areca catechu)
   Material: Large seed of an Asian palm tree
   Usage: It is wrapped in the leaf of the betel pepper and
          sprinkled with burnt lime, catechu gum from the Malayan
          acacia tree, and nutmeg, cardamom or other spices. This
          morsel is placed in mouth and sucked on for several hours.
   Effects: Arecoline (the main active constituent) is a central
            nervous system stimulant. It increases respiration and
            decreases the work load of the heart. Betel leaf has
            mild stimulating properties.
   Contraindictions: Excessive arecoline from immoderate use or
                     unripe nuts can cause dizziness, vomiting,
                     diarrhea and convulsions. Frequent use stains
                     mouth, gums, and teeth deep red. Long-term
                     overuse is said to weaken sexual potency.
   Supplier: MGH, RCS


  BROOM (Genista, Cytisus,, Spartium, spp.)
   Material: Blossoms of any of several species including Canary
             Island Broom and Spanish Broom.
   Usage: Blossoms are collected, aged in a sealed jar for 10 days,
          dried, and rolled into cigarettes. Smoke is inhaled and
          held.
   Effects: One cigarette produces relaxed feeling for 2 hours. More
            causes deeper relaxation and longer lasting effects (4-5 hours).
            Relaxation is deepest during 2 hoursand is followed by
            mental alertness and increased awareness of color
            without hallucinations.
   Contraindictions: Usually no undesirable side effects or hangover
                     Some persons experience mild headaches immediately
                     after smoking. Broom flowers are extremely toxic
                     when ingested. Has heart stimulating properties,
                     like digitalis.
   Supplier: Common in parks and gardens. Dried Broom, MGH; viable
             seeds, RCS.


  CALAMUS (Acorus calamus)
   Material: Roots of tall, flagrant, sword-leafed plant found in
             marshes and borders of pondsand streams in Europe, Asia
             and North America from Nova Scotia to Minnesota,
             southward to Florida and Texas.
   Usage: Roots are collected in late Autumn or Spring, washed, voided
          of root fibres and dried with moderate heat. Root may be chewed
          or be broken up and boiled as a tea. Doses range from 2 to
          10 inches of root. Root deteriorates with age. Usually inactive
          after 1 year. Store closed in a cool dry place.
   Effects: A piece of dried root the thickness of a pencil and about
            2 inches long provides stimulation and boyant feelings.
            A piece 10 inches long and acts as a mind alterant and
            hallucinogen.
   Contraindictions: The FDA frowns upon the sale and use of Calamus
                     and has issued directives to certain herb dealers
                     not to sell it to the public. An FDA directive
                     is simply a polite word for a threat of hassling
                     without a law to back it. At present there are
                     no laws against calamus. Some experiments have
                     indicated that excessive amounts of Calamus oil
                     can increase the tumor rate in rats. Many of the
                     Cree Indians of Northern Alberta chew Calamus root
                     for oral hygiene and as a stimulating tonic.
                     They apparently suffer no unpleasant side- effects.
                     In fact, those who use it seem to be in better
                     general health than those who do not.
  Supplier: dried root, MGH; viable root, RCS, GBR


  CALIFORNIA POPPY (Eschscholtzia californica)
   Material: leaves, flowers, and capsules of common wildflower
   Usage: Materials are dried and smoked.
   Effects: Very mild marijuana-like euphoria from smoking lasting 20-30
            minutes. Concentrated extract of plant may be more potent when
            ingested or smoked.
   Contraindictions: No apparent side-effects. Not habit-forming.
                     Appears to be innefective when used again within
                     24 hours.
   Supplier: grows wild; seeds, B, FM, G, NK, RCS


  DONANA
   Material: Small, spiny cactus from northern Mexico and southern Texas
   Usage:Spines are removed and 8-12 fresh or dried cacti are consumed
         on empty stomach. These may be chewed or crushed and brewed
         for 1 hour as tea.
   Effects: Hallucinogen somewhat similar to mescaline.
   Contraindictions: Should not be taken in large doses with strong
                     MAO Inhibitors. Otherwise, none known.
   Supplier: cuttings, AHD; seeds, RCS, NMCR


  HAWAIIAN WOOD ROSE, BABY & LARGE (Argyreia nervosa)
   Material: Seeds within round pods of climbing plant found in Asian
             and Hawaiian forests.
   Usage: Seed are removed from pod, white layer is scraped or singed
          from seed coat and seeds are ground and consumed or soaked
          in water, strained, and drunk. Dose 4-8 seeds.
   Effects: LSD-like experince with extreme lassitude. Nausea may be
            experienced during first hour or two. Total experience lasts
            about 6 hours. Tranquil feelings may continue for 12 or
           more hours afterwards.
   Contraindictions: Pregnant women or persons with history of liver
                     disorders should not take lysergic acid amides.
   Supplier: MGH


   HELIOTROPE (Valeriana officinalis)
   Material: Roots of fairly common garden plant.
   Usage: 1/2 oz. boiled for 5 minutes in 1 pt. water, strained and
          drunk.
   Effects: Tranquilizer and sedative.
   Contraindictions: Has unpleasant smell but tolerable taste. May
                     add honey.
   Supplier: herb, MGH; seeds, RCS


  INTOXICATING MINT (Lagochilus inebrians)
   Material: Leaves of central Asian shrub.
   Usage: Leaves are dried and steeped to make tea.
   Effects: Tranquilizer, intoxicant, mild hallucinogen.
   Contraindictions: None known.
   Supplier: MGH


  KAVA KAVA (Piper methysticum)
   Material: Root pulp and lower stems of tall perennial shrub from
             South Pacific islands, Hawaiian Islands, and New Guinea.
   Usage: In the islands two methods are used. If dried kava roots are
          simply made into a tea, the water-soluble components are
          released and it acts as a mild stimulating tonic. If materials
          chewed, then spit into a bowl and mixed with coconut milk,
          powerful narcotic resins are released in emulsion. Those who
          do not wish to pre-chew the root may do either of the
          following for the same result: (1) 1 oz. pulverized or finely
          ground kava is mixed with 10 oz. water or cocnut milk, 2 tbsp.
          coconut oil or olive oil, and 1 tbsp. lecithin and blended
          in an osterizer until liquid takes on milky appearance. Serves
          2-4 persons. (2) Extract resins with isopropyl (rubbing alchohol)
          in heat bath, remove solvents by evaporation. Redissolve in just
          enough warm brandy, rum, or vodka. Honey may be added to
          sweeten. A small cordial glass per person should be
          enough. The first method emulsifies the resins, the second
          method dissolves them in alchohol. The latter is the more
          potent method because alchohol switly caries resins into the
          system.
   Effects: Pleasant stimulation after 30 minutes (sooner in alchohol).
            After another 30 minutes, euphoric and lethargic sedative
            effects are felt but with unimpaired mental alertness.
            Depresses spinal activity, not cerebral activity. After
            a time, one may sleep. Total experience lasts 2-3 hours.
            Aftereffects: pleasant, relaxed feelings. No hangover.
   Contraindictions: Generally nontoxic. If fresh root or alchohol extract
                     is used excessively for several months, it may
                     become habit-forming and cause yellowing, rashes,
                     scaliness or ulcers of skin, diarrhea, emaciation,
                     loss of appettite, reddening and weakening of eyes.
                     These symptoms disappear rapidly when kava intake
                     is reduced. These conditions do not occur
                     with normal use (once per week in islands). Used
                     normally, kava is stimulating to appetite, and
                     generally beneficial.
   Supplier: MGH


  YOHIMBE (Corynanthe yohimbe)
   Material: The inner bark of a tropical West African tree.
   Usage: 6-10 tsp. of shaved bark boiled in 1 pt. water, strained
          and sipped slowly. Addition of 500 mg Vitamin C per cup makes
          it take effect more quickly and potently.
   Effects: First effects after 30 minutes (15 minutes with Vitamin C),
            warm, pleasant spinal shivers, followed by psychic stimulation,
            heightening of emotional and sexual feelings, mild
            perceptual changes without hallucinatons, sometimes spontaneous
            erections. Sexual activity is especially pleasurable.
            Feelings of bodies melting into one another. Total experience
            lasts 2-4 hours. Aftereffects: pleasant, relaxed feeling
            with no hangover.
   Contraindictions: Tannins and alkaloids make tea somewhat bitter
                     and unpleasant. Addition of honey may help. Slight
                     nausea may be experienced by someindividuals during
                     first 30 minutes. Vitamin C lessens this. MAO
                     inhibitor.
   Supplier: MGH


WARNING: While I have listed only the safer herbal "drugs", 
         combinations of some drugs may be harmful or fatal. When
         experimenting with these or any drugs, it is wise to wait
         a week in between experiments.


EOF


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
