
dir
   87Sep06 3:06 am from THE MAGI
DESIGNER DRUGS BASIC SERIES I : MDA  XTC's older sister
 XTC or methylenedioxy-methamphetamine gained noteriety last year as a designer

drug included in a ban against designer drugs in general. It was lumped
together with some very dangerous heroin analogs and the lot of them made
Schedule I controlled substances. This was done under quite some protest as it
is a very mild hallucinogen similar to mescaline and being used by
psychotherapists at the time. It was known as the Love Drug in some circles
(just as MDA) as it's effects are very conducive to snuggling and getting
close to some- one. The following synthesis is for MDA banned during
the original drug scare days of the early 70's. XTC was a designer drug
because it was a chemical analog of MDA that was not on the books yet.
 The basic starting material for MDA is the substance 3,4 methylenedioxy
benzaldehyde, also known as piperonal, and available in some herb stores as
heliotropin crystals (alongside their perfume oils).
 The first step is to form the nitropropene. Do this by dissolving
approximately 40g of the piperonal with about 16g nitroethane in 150ml of
glacial acetic acid with 15g Sodium Acetate. Cool, filter,and purify by
recrystallizing from acetic or methanol.

 The next step is to reduce the nitropropene to the amphetamine
(Methylenedioxy-amphetamine) with a Zinc - Mercury amalgam prepared from 200g
of Zn and 20g HgCl(2) (Mercury Chloride). Suspend .2 moles of the nitropropene
in 2 liters of ethanol with the amalgam, and add with vigorous stirring
portions of conc. HCl until the yellow color disappears. Continue stirring for
one-half hour, filter, evaporate in vacuum to get freebase oil of MDA.

 Finally the Hydrochloride salt has to be formed to make it water soluble and
snortable, ingestable etc. Dissolve the oil in Dry Ether and slowly bubble dry
HCl gas through solution. Crystal precipitate will form.

                  Production of :

                           THE MAGIC THEATRE




From Lunatic Labs UnLtd. 415-278-7421
Press a key...

The PIRATES' HOLLOW   415-236-2371   ;(

