                     Natural Highs Faq
------------------------------------------------------------------

This is posted by me for HEX who doesnt have a hard disk. All
questions/comments to him please.  From alt.drugs , internet 
newsgroup.


NATURAL HIGHS FAQ

Authors: Vince Cavasin  (cavasin@convex.com), Paul A. Houle
         (pahsnsr@jupiter.nmt.edu), Adam Boggs (boggs@alumni.cs.Colorado.edu),
         Petrus Pennanen (ppennane@klaava.Helsinki.FI)
Editors: krawchuk@cpsc.ucalgary.ca, tom@genie.slhs.udel.edu,
         eric@beastie.colby.edu
Last Update: 2/6/92
Subject: Natural Highs faq (short version)

DISCLAIMER

The information presented herein is for ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY and can
be found in ethnobotanical literature.  Most (if not all) of the substances
listed in this faq are illegal to ingest and/or possess.  The authors and
editors assume no responsibility should the information presented here be
used, misused, misunderstood, inaccurate or even read.  Reading this faq
constitutes an agreement to these terms.  If you are afraid you might be
tempted to use any of the substances mentioned here in illegal ways when
presented with the knowledge to do so, STOP READING NOW.

Many of the botanicals listed here are highly toxic and deadly.  Always
keep them away from children.

This faq may be reproduced verbatim, in whole or in part, by any means, and
distributed freely by whatever means available, provided no charge is made for
the copy and this disclaimer is included.



INTRODUCTION

The following information was taken without permission from the book _Legal
Highs_ by Adam Gottlieb, 1973, Twentieth Century Alchemist, from _The
Botany and Chemistry of Hallucinogens_ by Schultes & Hofmann, 2nd Ed. 1980,
from _The Audobon Society Field Guide to North American Mushrooms_ by Gary H.
Lincoff and Carol Nehring, 1981, Random House, from _Narcotic Plants: Revised
and Enlarged_ by William Emboden, 1979, MacMillan Publishing, from various
mail-order greenhouse literature, from personal experiences of many people
(friends of friends, and fictional characters that exist only in the authors'
and editors' imaginations) and (mostly) from alt.drugs. Some sections contain
a "References" section if the author of that section felt like going to the
trouble; some mention references on the fly in the text, and some are just
unreferenced.  Some personal correspondance is included too; in this case if I
could get the author's consent I included his name/email address; if I could
not track down the author, I included the mail anonymously. If the author of a
particular piece of mail doesn't want it included, I won't include it
(although I may paraphrase it without attribution).  Send mail to
cavasin@convex.com if you recognize something in here as your own and want it
removed, or want to correct or add an attribution.

I left minimal header information in the stuff that was pulled from the net
to give credit where due and to provide follow-up paths (do so at your own
risk).  I didn't have the time (let alone motivation) to mail everyone whose
comments are included here to see if it was alright to include them, but if
the info was posted to the net once, I can't see a problem with putting it in
a faq.  A later version might have more eloquent and concise attributions.

Much of the net stuff was edited extensively in that irrelevant info was
deleted from specific posts; however, the context and spirit of the remaining
information was preserved.

The substances listed here are arranged in a fairly straightforward format.
If a certain section is missing from a certain substance, it means that I had
no information to put in that section or it didn't apply.  The substances are
ordered alphebetically, sorted according to Botanical Family name, then
Genus name, then (if necessary) Species name.  This was a completely fascist
decision on my part, and I did it only because it was the easiest ordering to
maintain.  Note that the name given in the heading is a common name and has
NOTHING to do with the way the list is ordered.

At the moment I haven't got time to organize this stuff anymore than it
already is (and that's not much).  Hopefully in the future I will find time to
organize and index it, and to expand it to include dozens of other natural
highs.  Until then, this mess will have to do.

Spelling errors are numerous and rampant, and I take no responsibility for
any of them even tho many of them are undoubtedly mine.


A WORD ABOUT MAO INHIBITORS

Some of the substances described here are MAO inhibitors; this information is
provided under the "Interaction precautions" section for the substance in
question.

MAO stands for MonoAmine Oxidase, an enzyme that breaks down certain amines
and renders them ineffective.  MAO inhibitors, then, are substances that
interfere with the action of monoamine oxidase, leaving the amines intact.
If the amines in question are dangerous, they can cause nasty--even
deadly--side effects.

The bottom line is this: when using an MAO inhibiting drug, don't ingest
anything that contains potentially dangerous amines. If a substance is listed
as an MAO inhibitor here, it may be dangerous when used in combination with
any of the following substances:

- sedatives
- tranquilizers
- antihistamines
- narcotics
- alcohol
- amphetamines (even diet pills)
- mescaline
- asarone
- nutmeg
- macromerine
- ephedrine
- dill oil
- parsley oil
- wild fennel oil
- cocoa
- coffee (or any substance that contains large amounts of caffeine)
- aged cheeses
- any tyrosine-containing food

THIS LIST IS BY NO MEANS COMPLETE OR ALL-INCLUSIVE.  COMBINE DRUGS 
AT YOUR OWN
RISK.

=====================================================================
==========

HALLUCINOGENIC MUSHROOMS

Family: Agaricaceae
Genus:  Psilocybe
Species: baeocystis (Potent Psilocybe)
         caerulipes (Blue Foot Psilocybe)
         coprophila (Dung-loving Psilocybe)
         cubensis (Common Large Psilocybe)
         cyanescens (Bluing Psilocybe)
         pelliculosa (Conifer Psilocybe)
         semilanceata (Liberty Cap)
         stunzii (Stunz's Blue Legs)

Amanita Muscaria (Fly Agaric), Conocybe smithii (Bog Conocybe) and Gymopilus
spectabilis (Big Laughing Gym) are among the other mushroom species known to
be hallucinogenic.  However, Fly Agarics are classified as poisonous, and,
according to _The Audobon Society Field Guide to North American Mushrooms_,
the Fly Agarics that grow in North America cause "dilerium, raving, and
profuse sweating", unlike their hallucinogenic Siberian counterparts.
(Perhaps WOSD propaganda, I realize, but worth considering, at least for those of
you who don't normally rave...)

WARNING: mushrooms should NEVER be ingested unless positively identified to be
non-poisonous by a mycologist.  Often the only differences between highly
toxic mushrooms and edible mushrooms are extremely subtle and require a great
deal of training to distinguish.  Also, several hallucinogenic varieties have

been shown to be toxic to humans in medium to large doses.

Usage: Like most natural plant products,  psychedelic mushrooms vary
considerably in strength due to genetics,  growth medium,  and
other factors.  An effective dose of dried psychedelic mushrooms is on the

order of 1 gram.  This would be on the order of one or two whole mushrooms
(best bet is to weigh them and make sure).  Because strength varies widely,
you should ask other people who have had mushrooms from the same source about
the relative strength.  For mushrooms from an unknown source,  .5 grams of
dried mushrooms is probably a decent place to start.

'Shrooms are best taken on an empty stomach.  Carlos Castenada
describes the effects of a mushroom-based preparation when smoked,  and
anyone who has taken 'Shrooms would agree that the effects that he
describes are much more intense than the effects of reasonable dosages
taken orally.  Although many people think that Carlos made the whole
thing up,  it is possible that mushrooms are smokable and that smoked
mushrooms might produce a different experience than ingested,  because
'Shrooms contain many compounds known as tryptamines (as in dimethyl-
tryptamine (DMT)) which are also psychoactive when smoked but not
active orally.  Other than Carlos,  I've never heard of anyone else
smoking mushrooms or mushroom products,  so I can't vouch for the
effects.

If you don't like the taste of 'Shrooms,  it is also possible
to consume a tea made by boiling mushroom fragments in water.  The idea
here is to sprinkle dried mushroom fragments on water and boil them until
they sink,  and then filter out the actual 'Shrooms and enjoy the tea.

Effects: The effects of psychedelic mushrooms are comparable to those of
LSD,  but different in a number of ways.  For one thing,  the trip
lasts aproximately 6 hours,  about half of what an LSD trip does.  Mushrooms
also have less stimulant effect than LSD.  Mushrooms tend to be more
visual than LSD and less auditory.  LSD is probably better for enhancing
perception of music,  although psilocybin does alter the perception of
sound (seems to make background noise louder) and like tryptamine-
based psychedelics,  also tends to induce auditory hallucinations that
sound like 'noise'.

'Shrooms do have definite physical effects that are both similar
and different to those of LSD.  Shrooms tend to cause 'Liquid Breathing',
especially before the onset of psychedelic effects.  (Like LSD)  Shrooms
don't cause stomach cramps,  but they do seem to cause a headache
sometimes.

A short term cross tolerance does develop between pscilocybin,
mescaline,  and LSD,  but there appears to be no long term tolerance,
except for learned behavior which allows one,  for instance,  to learn
how to talk somewhat coherently despite what psychedelics do to the
language centers and short term memory.

Another important difference between 'shrooms and LSD is that
the onset time of effects from ingestion is MUCH shorter.  In the
experience of people that I know,  the onset of effects is aproximately
30-45 minutes after ingestion,  and the transition from physical effects to
mild depersonalization to intense hallucination is very short,  even in
the subjective time of the tripper.  There is a period of aproximately
one hour where psychedelic effects (visual/auditory hallucination,
flickering of visual field,  time overlay effect,  time distortion,
breakdown of linguistic centers,  etc.) are VERY intense,  and the
rest of the trip seems to be more psychological,  that is,  very
little hallucination,  mostly depersonalization and time distorsion.
This is a very excellent time to spend in a natural environment
(your local woods,  desert,  or savanna) because it tends to produce
shamanistic,  in touch with nature feelings much better than LSD
does.

Bad trips are very possible with mushrooms,  and are probably
very similar to bad trips on acid.  If you know or suspect that a
tripper is experiencing eyes-open visual hallucinations,  you might
want to take them to a place where no there are no regular geometric
patterns that cover most of the visual field.  High dosages of mushrooms
seem to affect perception of regular tiled surfaces much more so than
irregular surfaces.  If possible,  suggest to the tripper that you go
to a place where there is a featureless floor (say a drab carpet or
a concrete floor).  It's also good to find a warm place,  but always
heed to the will of the tripper so long as he doesn't want to do anything
stupid like jump off a cliff.  See if you can find some mellow music that
is pleasing to the tripper (Say,  the Grateful Dead or Spyro Gyra) and
remember that little things like turning the intensity of light up or
down can have a big emotional effect.  Be sure to ask about these 
things.

When talking to someone on a bad trip,  it often helps to keep
changing his train of thought;  many people find that this keeps the
anxiety at a lower level.  The primary rule is to watch the reaction
of the tripper to what you do,  and take his needs and fears into
consideration.  Keep him with people that he trusts and try to remove
any people that he doesn't trust.  Of course,  this advice is valid for
hallucinogens in general.

History:  The practice of growing mushrooms dates back to around 100 B.C.,
and is based partly upon the discovery of minature mushroom stones found
near Gautemala City.  Other finds further north also indicate an extensive
mushroom cult in the early civilizations. When Cortez arrived in Central
America, he found the natives using mushrooms as a sacrament.  They called
them "teonanacatl", or "God's Flesh."  The Spainards reacted strongly to the
mushrooms, giving written accounts of the loathsome mushroom rituals that
"provoke lust... cause not death, but madness... and bring before the eyes
wars and the likeness of demons."  Teonanacatl was then banned from the
church as contributing to pagan behavior and idolitry.  The only tribe
definately known to have consumed the mushrooms, however, is the Chichimecas.
Six tribes consume mushrooms today in Oaxaca: Mazatecs, Chinantecs, Chatinos,
Zapotecs, Mixtecs, and Mijes.  It has recently been suggested that mushroom
use by the Chol and Lacandon Maya may be a vestage from the earlier Mayans
that disappeared for a time, and then was readopted.  Present day ritual
among them Mazatec includes many rituals from the Catholic Church.  Even
though the Catholics tried to eliminate the detested fungi, the Indians
still chant saints of the church and incorporate litanies, which are
undoubtedly post-Christian elements of their ritual.

Interaction precautions:  I wouldn't recomend using them with alcohol or other
depressants.  Also,  people who are being medicated for a psychological
conditions,  particularly with MAO-inhibitor class drugs probably DON'T want
to use 'Shrooms or any psychedelic because MAO-inhibitors tend to interact
seriously with most psychoactive compounds.

Active Ingredients: The primary active components of 'Shrooms are psilocybin
and psilocin,  which also is an immediate metabolite of psilocybin. There are
a whole family of other tryptamine-related substances in 'Shrooms but most
of them are not active when eaten.


"The dried mushrooms contain from 0.2 to 0.4 percent psilocybin
(Schultes, et al., 1973) by weight.  Some strains of Stropharia
cubensis [P. cubensis to most folks] have been reported to contain
as much as 0.5% psilocybin (Wasson & Heim, 1959, p. 260).  Psilocin
is present only in trace amounts [other sources say it's 50/50
psilocybin/psilocin].  A dose of about 10-12 milligrams of
psilocybin, or about 5 grams dry weight of mushrooms, or 50 grams
wet weight, is sufficient to manifest the full spectrum of
hallucinogenic effects in a 160 lb. adult.  These effects include
visual and auditory hallucinations, extreme hilarity, distorions of
time and space perception, and a sense of emotional detatchment
from the environment.  Less marked effects can be detected at doses
as low as 2mg. which is about 1-2 dried mushrooms.  Fresh mushrooms
seem to be somewhat stronger than dried ones [probably oxidation].
Psilocybin is one of the least toxic of all hallucinogens.  A full,
effective dose is 12mg while mescaline, by comparison, has a
minimum effective does of 200mg for an average-size adult, and a
toxicity 2.5 times that of psilocybin (Aboul-Enein, 1974."

For further reading: Several books are available on the subject of growing
mushrooms, which is a rather complex task because it involves maintaining a
sterile environment and quite a bit of biology lab skills. The best book on
the subject is "Psilocybin:  The magic mushroom grower's guide" by Oss and
Oeric from And/Or press.  Spores are available by mail order;  check
High Times magazine.  These are legal to sell because they contain no
psychoactive compounds.  Spores can also be obtained by taking a cap
print from mushrooms that you obtain from another source,  like the wild.



========================================

[some interesting info on Fly Agarics follows.  Note that these are much more
poisonous than psilocybe varieties, the info above does not necessarily apply
to them, and the info below does not necessarily apply to psilocybes. --ED]

          (David A. Honig)
             botanicals
Organization: UC Irvine Department of ICS


anyone know the legality of fly agaric?  anyone have any experience with it?
I'm sure it's legal.  _Merck's_ sez that neither ibotenic acid and muscarine
>were "controlled substances" (what a *dumb* term) as of '76; was there maybe
a "Toadstool Regulation Act" I missed?  Anyway, you could call it"soma" and
have a real good case for religious use...

I don't know what the dose would be.  The LD-50 iv in mice for muscarine is
0.23 mg/kg; ibotenic acid is (for mice/rats) 15/42 iv and 38/129
oral.  I'd be careful with anything with such a wide difference in toxicity
between fairly similar species.  I vaguely recall that muscarine is only
found in the younger shrooms; it looks like you'd want to avoid them,
unless it's also responsible for most of the interesting effects.

vince


I obtained some dried Amanita via an unnamed source.  They make you puke
(what else is new) and go into a dreamy state.  Not "psychedelic" or
terribly euphoric.  A friend (who is a botanist) has tried fresh ones,
reports that they're better.

IMHO, they're not worth your time unless your into ethnopsychopharmacology.


--
David A. Honig

MESCALINE-BEARING CACTI

Family: Cactaceae
Genus: Gymnocalycium
Species: gibbosum: Native to Argentina
         leeanum: Native to Argentina, Uruquay

Genus: Islaya
Species: minor: Native to South Peru

Genus: Lophophora
Species: diffusa (Peyote): Native to Mexico
         williamsii (Peyote, Mescal,Chaute etc.): the classic 
Peyote, grows in
         north central Mexico and south Texas.

Genus: Opuntia
Species: imbricata: Native to S-W USA to Central Mexico.
         spinosior: Native to Arizona, New Mexico, Northern Mexico.

Genus: Pelecyphora
Species: aselliformis (Peyotillo, Peyote meco): Native to San Luis 
Potosi,
                                                Mexico

Genus: Pereskia
Species: corrugata
         tampicana: Native to Tampico, Mexico.

Genus: Pereskiopsis
Species: scandens: Native to Yucatan, Mexico.

Genus: Stetsonia
Species: coryne: Native to Northwestern Argentina.

Genus: Trichocereus
Species: cuzcoensis: Native to Cuzco, Peru.
         fulvianus: Native to Chile.
         macrogonus: Native to South America.
         pachanoi (San Pedro, Giganton): Native to Peru, Equador.
         peruvianus (Peruvian Fence Post): Native to Peru.
         scopulicola
         taquimbalensis: Native to Bolivia.
         terscheckii (Cardon grande): Native to Northwestern Argentina.
         validus: Native to Bolivia.
         werdermannianus: Native to Tupiza & Charcoma, Bolivia.

         Trichocerei are columnar, branched or candelabra like cacti, which
         usually grow very fast. Cereus is a different genus, whose members
         haven't been found to contain mescaline.

Cultivation: (from seed) Sow the seeds an inch apart on the surface of
sterilized, moist, sifted cactus mix. The pH should be 4.5-6.5. Cover
the tray or pot with an airtight plastic bag. Place in bright but indirect
light for 12 hours a day at less than 30 degrees centigrade. Don't let the
temperature get too high, and check to make sure the soil surface is moist,
but not too wet. A fungicide may be needed.

Cactus seeds will generally germinate in 1-3 weeks. When the seedlings
are about 2 cm tall (60-90 days for fast-growing species) transplant
them to individual pots. Handle them very cautiously and use moist soil
with pH 4.5-6.5 in the new pot. A good soil mix is 1/3 normal flower soil,
1/3 peat and 1/3 coarse sand or gravel. If you're growing a Trichocereus,
water once a week with a concentration of a flower fertilizer normally
used for flowering plants. Don't use standard plant fertilizers, as they
contain too much nitrogen.  Bright light is needed 12-18 hours a day, and
the temperature should be 25-35 'C.

The easiest way of propagation is taking cuttings. Cut the mother plant
with a clean and sharp knife leaving 5-10 cm of it above ground. Cut
back slightly the edges of the cut to ensure that the new roots grow
downward. Place the cutting in vertical position to dry for 2 weeks to a
month depending on the size of the cutting. The compost where they are
placed after this should be very slightly moist, not wet.

For more information about growing cacti read e.g. Cullman, B|tz &
Gr|ner 1984: Encyclopedia of Cacti, Alphabooks A&C Black, ISBN 
0-906670-37-3.

Usage: An easy method is to chop a cactus to small pieces, dry the pieces
and boil in water with plenty of lemon juice until there's not much
liquid left. To reduce nausea you should drink the liquid slowly over
a half an hour while avoiding excessive movement. For the same reason don't
eat solid food on the day of ingestion. A normal dose of mescaline sulfate
is 200-400 mg, which probably corresponds to 10-25 g of dry Peyote or
T. peruvianus, or 50-200 g of fresh San Pedro. Potency varies, so try a
small dose first. It's also possible to extract mescaline from cacti.

Effects: Mescaline produces a trip very similar to LSD lasting about
12 hours. The effects take a bit longer to come on. Mescaline is
cross-tolerant with LSD, psilocin and other psychedelics. A common side-
effect is nausea, which is worse when ingesting Peyote than other cacti
because of the extra alkaloids found in Peyote. If you manage to hold
the cactus in your stomach for 15-30 minutes before throwing it up,
you can still have a fine and nausea-free trip.

Mescaline does not cause chromosome damage in normal doses.

History: Peyote has been in use in America for at least 2000 years. The
Spanish conquistadors didn't like the use of drug plants by the Indians,
and catholic clerics declared officially in 1620 that since the use of
peyote was the work of the devil, all Christians were prohibited from
using it. The active prohibition of peyote still persists. A religious
manual written in 1760 presented the following series of questions for
the penitent:
        Have you ever killed anyone?
        How many have you murdered?
        Have you eaten the flesh of man?
        Have you eaten peyote?

Peyote was used for several centuries in Mexico before peyotism spread
into the US in the second half of the 19th century. Today it's legal for
the members of the Native American Church to use Peyote in several 
states.

The San Pedro cactus has been used by Peruvian folk healers to combat
the supernatural elements that cause diseases.

Active Constituents (of some cacti)

Botanical name            mescaline  other alkaloids
Lophophora williamsii    ~1%    dry  Ann,And,Ant,Annd,H,L,P,T
Trichocereus peruvianus   0.8%  dry  T
             pachanoi     0.1%  wet  Annd,H,T
             bridgesii    0.1%  wet  T
             validus      0.1%  wet
             macrogonus  <0.05% wet  T
             terscheck.  <0.05% wet  Ann
             werdermann. <0.05% wet  T
             taquimbal.  <0.05% wet  H
             cuzcoensis  <0.01% wet  T
Stetsonia coryne         <0.01% wet  T
Pelecyphora aselliformis  0.00002%   And,H,P

Mescaline content is probably given as hydrochloride, 128 mg mescaline
HCl = 200 mg mescaline sulfate. Doses of mescaline are usually measured
as sulfate. "Dry" means dry weight, "wet" fresh weight.

Ann  = anhalonine    causes paralysis followed by hyperexitability in rabbits
And  = anhalodine    stimulant, not potent
Annd = anhalonidine  similar to pellotine
H    = hordenine
L    = lophophorine  causes convulsions, similar to strychnine
P    = pellotine     causes drowsiness and slowing of heartbeat
T    = tyramine

References:

Agurell, S. 1969: Cactaceae alkaloids I. Lloydia 32,2
Agurell, S. 1971: Cactaceae alkaloids X. Alkaloids of Trichocereus
  Species and Some Other Cacti. Lloydia 34,2
Anderson, E.F. 1980: Peyote - the Divine Cactus. The University of Arizona
  Press, ISBN 0-8165-0613-2.
Pardanani, J.H. & McLaughlin, J.L. 1977: Cactus Alkaloids XXXVI. Mescaline
  and Related Compounds from Trichocereus Peruvianus. Lloydia 40,6


LETTUCE OPIUM

Family: Compositae
Genus: Lactuca
Species: virosa

Usage: Materials are extracted in a juicer and eaten fresh or dried 
and smoked.

Effects: Mild sedative effect similar to opium.  Very, very mild buzz, almost
unnoticable.  Not worth the hassle of obtaining from the plant, and not worth
the cost of buying refined herb.  Watch out for "incense" concoctions sold in
head shops and through mail order that claim to have alternative uses. These
are usually worthless, overpriced Lettuce opium preparations.

History: Formerly used in medicine as an opium substitute.

Active Constituents: lactucin, lactucerol (taraxaxterol), lactucic 
acid

                      -----------
                      lactucarium
                      -----------

Organization: University of Helsinki

Ronald Siegel writes in _Intoxication_:

"In each major category of intoxicant used by our species, there appear
to be one or two drug plants that researchers have noted are more
controllable, hence safer, than all the other plants or synthetics in
that category. [...] Among the narcotics, which include opium and its
derivatives, there is lactucarium, the smokable extract derived from
Lactuca Virosa."
"Consider the case of lactucarium, which never caught on as a
modern opium substitute because either so mild or so inconsistent in
quality that people thought it was a fake.
   Lactucarium smells like opium and tastes just as bitter. When smoked
or swallowed, it is so mildly intoxicating it remains legal. There are
no visions like the ones De Quincey had from eating opium, but the
euphoria and dreamy intoxication last slightly longer. Although
lactucarium is structurally unrelated to the opiates, it will still
soothe irritating cough, ease minor pains, and help induce sleep, hence
its more common name of 'lettuce opium.' The history of lettuce opium in
America paralleled that of coca tea. Both drugs enjoyed widespread
medical use in nineteenth century and brief periods of experimental
nonmedical use in more recent years.
   In the mid-1970s, smokable extracts of lettuce opium were marketed
throughout the United States under such brand names as L'Opium and
Lettucene. 'Buy your lettuce before they make it illegal!' announced the
national ads. Hundreds of thousands did exactly that when the craze
peaked in the late 1970s. There was not a single case of toxicity or
dependency. But there was a lot of competition as different
manufacturers rushed to get a share of the new market. Most of these
newer brands were made from ordinary garden lettuce, which lacked the
intoxicating lactucarium. Subsequently, sales fell, some suppliers of
real lactucarium went out of business, and the fad all but disappeared.
While lactucarium is still available, heroin users are not rushing to
buy it and probably never will: it's simply too weak."

Petrus Pennanen



HAWAIIAN BABY WOODROSE SEEDS

Family: Convolvulaceae
Genus: Argyreia
Species: nervosa
Usage: seed pods contain 4-6 seeds.  Seeds are removed from pods and
fungus-like coating is scraped or flamed off (author recommends scaping as
much as possible and flaming the rest, as the coating can be thick and it's
easy to end up turning the whole seed into a chunk of carbon if you just flame
it).  4-8 seeds are chewed on an empty stomach (to minimize nausea).  Seeds
sold commercially are generally already removed from the pods.  The seeds
themselves resemble small chocolate chips, but are hard as rocks and have the
coating mentioned above.

Nausea can be lessened by ingesting one or two dramamine 30 minutes to one
hour before ingesting the HBW seeds.  More dramamine can be taken after the
nausea sets in, however, dramamine can be a DANGEROUS drug in high doses and
its synergistic effects with LSA are unknown.  Exceeding the recommended
dosage given on the dramamine box is probably a pretty stupid thing to do
under any circumstances.

If dramamine is not used, inducing vomiting when nausea starts will provide
relief but effects will continue.  You can also grind and soak the seeds in
water, then strain them out and drink the water.  If ground seeds are used,
make sure they are fresh ground.

Effects: LSD-like effects, but less intense, with less visuals.  Trip lasts
6-8 hours; tranquil feelings may last additional 12 hours.  Sleep is deep and
refreshing after trip, however some users may experience a hangover
characterized by blurred vision, vertigo, and physical intertia.

History:  Used by the poorer Hawaiians for a high.  Shipping of these
seeds became popular, as did a great controversy over the propriety of
world-wide distribution.

Interaction precautions: same as for Morning Glory seeds.

Active Constituents: D-lysergic Acid Amide and related compounds.

Note:  Hawaiian Large woodrose seeds supposedly have the same 
effect.  Dosage is identical.




MORNING GLORY SEEDS

Family: Convolvulaceae
Genus: Ipomoea
Species: arborescens (Quauhzahautl): tree grows to 15' high.  
Native to Mexico.
         carnea (fistolusa): bush with pink flowers native to Ecuador.
         costata: native to australia.
         leptophylia: wine colored flowers 3" across.  Huge edible roots.
         meulleri: native to australia.
         murucoides: (Pajaro bobo) native to oaxca.
         purpurea: native to mexico, common throughout N. America as an
                   ornamental.
         violacea (Tlitliltzin): sacred Mayan morning glory. Widely used for
                                 its psychoactive effects in the Heavenly
                                 blue, Pearly Gates, Flying Suacers and
                                 Wedding Bells strains.

Usage: 5-10 grams of seeds can be ingested as follows:
- thoroughly chew and swallow

- grind and soak in water for 1/2 hour, strain and drink

- sprout by soaking in water for 3-4 days (change water often), after which
the white mushy part is removed from the shell and eaten.  This is probably
the best method for avoiding side effects, although I have I have reason to
believe sprouting the seeds lessens their effectiveness.

Most commercially available Morning glory seeds are treated with chemicals to
thwart consumption.  Seeds are also sometimes treated with Methyl mercury to
prevent spoilage.  Chemically treated seeds can cause severe nausea, vomiting
and diarrhea.

Effects: LSD like experience lasting about 6 hours, but with less
hallucinogenic effects.  Nausea is common even with untreated seeds.  Less
anxiety, less intensity than LSD in normal doses.

Nausea can be lessened by ingesting one or two dramamine 30 minutes to one
hour before ingesting the MG seeds.  More dramamine can be taken after the
nausea sets in, however, dramamine can be a DANGEROUS drug in high doses and
its synergistic effects with LSA are unknown.  Exceeding the recommended
dosage given on the dramamine box is probably a pretty stupid thing to do
under any circumstances.

History: The Zapotecs used ipomoea violacea by grinding the seeds up and
wrapping them in a meal cloth.  They would then soak it in cold water and
would find out information about the illness of a patient, a troublemaker
among the people, or the location of a lost object.

Interaction precautions: should not be taken by people with a history of liver
disorders or hepatitis.  Should not be taken by pregnant women.


Active Constituents: D-lysergic acid amide




NATIVE SOUTH AMERICAN INTOXICANTS

Family: Acanthaceae
Genus:  Justicia
Species: pectoralis (var. stenophylla)

Usage: Waikas of Orinoco headwaters in Venezuela add dried and pulverized
leaves of this herb to their Virola-snuff.

Effects: Unknown

Active Constituents: Intensely aromatic smelling leaves probably contain
tryptamines.

Plants are available from ...Of the jungle for $35.

Family: Leguminosae
Genus:  Anadenanthera (Piptadenia)
species: peregrina
         colubrina

Usage: Black beans from these trees are toasted, pulverized and mixed with
ashes or calcined shells to make psychedelic snuff called yopo by Indians in
Orinoco basin in Colombia, Venezuela and possibly in southern part of
Brasilian Amazon. Yopo is blown into the nostrils through bamboo tubes
or snuffed by birdbone tubes. The trees grow in open plain areas, and
leaves, bark and seeds contain DMT, 5-MeO-DMT and related compounds
(Schultes 1976,1977; Pachter et al. 1959).

Active Constituents: DMT, 5-MeO-DMT and related compounds.

Family: Leguminosae
Genus:  Mimosa
Species: tenuiflora (== hostilis) "tepescohuite"
         verrucosa

General: The roots of M. hostilis, which is *not* the common houseplant M.
pudica ("sensitive plant"), contain 0.57% DMT and are used by Indians of
Pernambuso State in Brazil as part of their Yurema cult (Pachter et al. 1959,
Schultes 1977, Meckes-Lozoya et al. 1990). Bark of M. verrucosa
also contains D


Active Constituents: DMT

Family: Malpighiaceae
Genus:  Banisteriopsis
Species: rusbyana
         argentea

Usage: Natives of western Amazon add DMT-containing leaves of the vine B.
rusbyana to a drink made from B. caapi, which contains
 beta-carbolines harmine and harmaline, to heighten and lengthen the
 visions (Schultes 1977, Smith 1977).

Active Constituents: leaves contain DMT.

Family: Myristicaceae
Genus:  Virola
Species: calophylla
         calophylloidea
         rufula
         sebifera
         theiodora

Usage: The bark resin of these trees is used to prepare 
hallucinogenic snuffs
in northwestern Brazil by boiling, drying and pulverizing it. 
Sometimes leaves of a Justicia are added.

Amazonian Colombia natives roll small pellets of boiled resin in a
evaporated filtrate of bark ashes of Gustavia Poeppigiana and ingest
them to bring on a rapid intoxication (Smith 1977, Schultes 1977).

Effects: The snuff acts rapidly and violently, "effects include excitement,
numbness of the limbs, twitching of facial muscles, nausea, hallucinations,
and finally a deep sleep; macroscopia is frequent and enters into Waika
beliefs about the spirits resident in the drug."

Active Constituents: Snuffs made from V. theiodora bark contain up to 11%
5-MeO-DMT and DMT. Leaves, roots and flowers also contain DMT.

Family: Rubiaceae
Genus:  Psychotria
Species: viridis (psychotriaefolia)

Usage: Psychotria leaves are added to a hallucinogenic drink prepared from
Banisteriopsis caapi and B. rusbyana (which contain beta-carbolines) to
strengthen and lengthen the effects in western Amazon.

Active Constituents: P. viridis contains DMT (Schultes 1977).

5 seeds $10 from ...Of the jungle, leaves are also available.

References:

Meckes-Lozoya, M., Lozoya, X., Marles, R.J., Soucy-Breau, C., Sen, A.,
  Arnason, J.T. 1990. N,N-dimethyltryptamine alkaloid in Mimosa tenuiflora
  bark (tepescohuite). Arch. Invest. Med. Mex. 21(2) 175-7
Pachter, I.J, Zacharias, D.E & Ribeir, O. 1959. Indole Alkaloids of Acer
  saccharinum (the Silever Maple), Dictyoloma incanescens, Piptadenia
  colubrina, and Mimosa hostilis. J Org Chem 24 1285-7
Schultes, R.E. 1976. Indole Alkaloids in Plant Hallucinogens. J of
  Psychedelic Drugs Vol 8 No 1 7-25.
Schultes, R.E. 1977. The Botanical and Chemical Distribution of Hallucinogens.
  J of Psychedelic Drugs Vol 9 No 3 247-263
Smith, T.A. 1977. Review: Tryptamine and Related Compounds in Plants.
  Phytochemistry Vol 16 171-175.




NUTMEG

Family: Myristicaceae
Genus: Myristica
Species: fragrans

Usage: 5-20 grams of ground nutmeg is ingested.  Fresh ground is best.  Can
also be taken in a "space paste" concoction (see below).  Space paste is
difficult/expensive to make and tastes like shit; however, it may actually
decrease the side effects.

Effects: Possible nausea during first hour; may cause vomiting or
diarrhea in isolated cases.  Takes anywhere from one to five hours for effects
to set in.  Then expect severe cottonmouth, flushing of skin, severely
bloodshot eyes, dilated pupils.  Personally I compare it to a very, very
heavy hash buzz.  "Intense sedation".  Impaired speech and motor functions.
Hallucinations uncommon in average (5-10 gm) doses.  Generally followed by
long, deep, almost coma-like sleep (expect 16 hours of sleep afterward) and
feelings of lethargy after sleep.  May cause constipation, water retention.
Safrole is carcinogenic and toxic to the liver.

History: Nutmeg was a very important trade item in the 15th and 16th
centuries.  It was a precious commodity due to the enormous medicinal
properties of its seeds.  Slaves on the ships bringing nutmeg to Europe
got in trouble for eating part of the cargo.  They knew that a few large
kernels of nutmeg would bring them a pleasant, euphoric feeling, and relieved
their weariness and pain.  Nutmeg was even used when the feeble King Charles
II almost died of a clot or hemorrhage.  His death a few days later did
nothing to detract from its useful reputation.  Rumor spread through London
that Nutmegs could act as an abortifacient.  The ladies who procured abortions
from nutmeg were called "nutmeg ladies."

Interaction precautions: MAO inhibitor

Active Constituents: Methylenedioxy-substituted compounds: myristicin
(non-amine precursor of 3-methoxy-4,5-methylenedioxyamphetamine [M-MDA])
elemicin, and safrole.


                        ------------
                        Nutmeg Story
                        ------------

Organization: Georgia Institute of Technology

Friday, a "friend" of mine decided to see what all the talk about nutmeg
was all about... here's what happened...

 8:15  -- "he" took 1 tablespoon of ground nutmeg...
 9:15  -- "he" took 1 more tablespoon of ground nutmeg...
11:15  -- "he" took still 1 more tablespoon of ground nutmeg...

As of now, "he"  didn't feel anything... "He" got the  beginnings of a buzz
at about 12:30 which gradually increased in intensity...
By 3 am or so, he compared it to moderate cannibis buzz
It peaked at at 5 am, and he then went to sleep.

The effects continued through saturday afternoon and
night, though not as intense as late friday night (or saturday morning
technically).

By sunday morning, the effects were totally gone.

The main point is, that except for lots of drowsiness, my "friend" never
suffered any of the ill effects that people have described ...
(such as nausea and headaches)
It was very comprable to a medium marijuana buzz. There were
no hallucinations, but maybe a larger dose is needed for this.

Next week my "friend" will go for 5 tablespons over the course
of a few hours.. Will he live to describe the experience??


            -----------------------------------------------
            Space paste! (was Re: nutmeg as a hallucinogen)
            -----------------------------------------------

Organization: The Scantily Clad Orangutans, Inc.

'Space Paste'

heart chakra, but it's a legal high that will get you pleasantly
buzzed. :-)  DON NOT OMIT ANY INGREDIENTS. Trust me.
4 parts         nutmeg (ground from whole nutmeg)
4 parts         almonds (soak almonds overnight and rinse)
4 parts         *raw* pistachios
2 parts         cinnamon
1 part          cumin
1 part          tarragon
1 part          oregano
1 part          basil
1 part          tumeric
1/2 part        cayenne pepper
1/2 part        black pepper
To taste:       Maple Syrup

One part equals 1/4 cup.

[if you want to make enough for about 500 people, that is.  Try 1 part=1
tablespoon--ed]

- Use only whole nutmeg. Not pre-ground.
- Grind up all ingredients with a spice grinder or food processor.
- Mix in Maple syrup until consistency of paste.
- Do not omit any ingredient, or it will NOT work.

Okay, you've gone this far, time to enjoy. The strong at heart will
spread some on toast. I like it blended in milk. It has a real strong
taste, so it's best to put it in the milk, fire up the blender, pour it
into a glass and chug it down in one gulp.

Start with two tablespoons. Effects begin in two hours. I've known
brave souls who take a cup at a time. Maybe that's why they disappear
for a couple of days.

--
``You have been so accustomed to objectification that you lost the
knowledge of yourself, simply because the Self cannot be 
objectified.''
-- Ramana Maharshi


                    --------------------
                    More on Nutmeg Story
                    --------------------

Well, I am recovering from a horrible experience.
Tuesday night about 10:30pm, I took 5 tablespoons of Nutmeg.
I am still hungover, almost 2 days later.

I got the initial stimulation, euphoria, but not much more than what
one gets around 2 tablespoons. That was fine and dandy.
I fell asleep at about 1:30am, with nothing psychedelic occurring yet.
I woke up at 3 am spinning, like I was drunk.
I awoke again at 9am, and got out of bed. I had to: thirsty as hell,
no saliva.
I had wicked troubles walking, far too dizzy and -out-of-it-. Just like I had
no control over my body. Also, any movement that I did make nauseated me.
By 9:30 I had my drink of water, and I collapsed on the kitchen floor,
sleeping until noon. I thought that I would have something to eat, at that
time, but was far too dizzy still to do anything.  By this time I was in a
panic, thinking that I had comitted suicide, etc.etc. My body felt like it
was melding with the floor; I also felt that my whole body was made of vomit.
Quite odd.
I crawled (literally) up to bed again and slept like a stone until 6pm.
I managed to eat some stuff. I could stand for 30 seconds at a time, by this
time.  I watched a movie, dozing on and off. I looked at myself in a mirror:
horrible sight, very red sunken eyes etc.etc. Went to bed and awoke this
morning at 11:30am.  Awoke with something like a horrible hangover. 
I feel like I have had a wicked flu yesterday and today.

Besides some odd physical sensations and perceptions, even this dosage
was not overtly hallucinogenic.  I did not experience any colour / visual
perception changes this time, like at the lower dosage. Perhaps I 
was just too sleepy to notice.

This experience was just downright gross.I think I have given up experimentin
with Nutmeg (and Mace) [ even though I really like the taste of the stuff.
Some people complain theycan't get the stuff down --- they must not be
using fresh stuff].
It was really an offputting experience. Tonight, I think I am just
going to hunt down something  illegal but safer.



YOHIMBE BARK

Family: Rubiaceae
Genus: Corynanthe
Species: yohimbe

Usage: 6-10 teaspoons of shaved bark are boiled 10 minutes in 1 pt. water,
strained and sipped slowly.  Addition of 500 mg of vitamin C per cup makes it
take effect more quickly and potently (probably by forming easily assimilated
ascorbates of the alkaloids).  Bark can also be smoked.  Yohimbine
hydrochloride, a refined powder version, can also be snuffed. Also available
at many health/herb stores is a liquid extract.

Effects: Called "the most potent aphrodisiac known" and "the only true
aphrodisiac".  Whether aphrodisiacs exist outside of mythology or not is a
topic for debate, as is the definition of "aphrodisiac".  Anyway, first
effects after 30 minutes (sooner with vitamin C) consist of warm, pleasant
spinal shivers, followed by psychic stimulation, heightening of emotional and
sexual feelings, mild perceptual changes without hallucinations, sometimes
spontaneous erections.  Some experience nausea during first 30 minutes.
Sexual activity is especially pleasurable.  According
to one source "Bantu orgies have been known to last over a week" [Ed: don't
they get hungry?].  Total experience lasts 2-4 hours, however, several
experiences lasting up to 24 hours have been reported.  
Aftereffects include pleasant, relaxed feelings with no hangover, but
difficulty sleeping for a few hours (probably largely due to the increased
mental activity).
Since they sell the stuff in health food stores and I'm not sure what it's
legitimate uses are, I'm willing to admit that I've tried it.  My 
experience was worth repeating.  This of course constitutes no endorsement on
my part of illegal or legal drugs or of the use of yohimbe for any reason at
all.

I ground about 7 teaspoons of shaved bark in a spice grinder (fresh grinding
seems to help with release of the active ingredients) and then boiled it in a
pint of water for about 10 minutes.  The stuff absorbs a lot of water.  Also,
when freshly ground, you get some FINE FINE FINE particles. It took me a good
15 minutes to filter the stuff out through coffee filters (had to 
use a bunch




AUSTRALIAN SUPPLEMENT FOR THE NATURAL HIGHS FAQ

Author: Michael from Melbourne (Hex)

INTRODUCTION

Hi there, I decided to do an Australian Supplement for the Natural Highs
FAQ. Information was taken without permission from my Ethnobotany lecture
notes, from The Genus Psilocybe by Gaston Guzman, 1983 (a very detailed
study on Psilocybes), from Mushrooms and Toadstools of Australia, by
C.I. Shepherd and C.J. Totterfell, 1988 (good book on Australian genera),
from The Magical and Ritual use of Herbs by Richard Alan Miller,(a very
useful and interesting book, most of the plants in this list are from here),
and from Wild Medicine in Australia by A.B. & J.W. Cribb, 1981.

As a note for anthropologists and ethnobotanists, the Australian Aborigine
did not take any of the plant species that produced hallucinations, so who
knows how many native species are hallucinogenic. If you know of any not
on this list please post on alt.drugs and we will expand the list.




HALLUCINOGENIC MUSHROOOMS

Family:  Strophariaceae
Genus:   Psilocybe           (Gold Tops)
Species: group 1
           cubensis
           subcubensis

         group 2
           australiana
           eucalypta
           semilanceata
           subaeruginosa
           tasmaniana

In the psilocbyes the group 1 species fruit in the late spring and summer
while the group 2 species fruit in the late autumm and winter. Group 1
species habitat is in dung and rich pastures, while the group 2 species is
in native and occasionally in introduced forests. P. semilanceata also
grows in dung rich pastures.

Usage: Most people take from 6 to 12 mushrooms, but start off with a small
amount (like about 3 mushrooms) until you know your limits.


Family:  Amanitaceae
Genus:   Amanita
Species: muscaria            (Fly Agaric)

The famous white warted red capped toadstool. Fruits late autumm and
winter. Habitat in introduced pine, birch and beech forests.

Usage: Fresh mushroom should be sliced vertically in 1 cm segments and
heated in an oven at 75 - 80 Celceus (165 - 175F) until dried. Start by
having 1/4 to 1/2 of a 10cm diameter sized mushroom until you know your
tolerences.

Active Constituents: These mushrooms contain musimole, A CNS hallucinogen,
ibotenic acid which causes flushing of the skin and drowsiness, and
muscarine, a highly toxic hallucinogen. The low heat in cooking the mushroom
decarboxylates and dehydrates the ibotenic acid into muscimole and
evaporates most of the muscarine.

Effects: Both Visual & Auditory hallucinations, OOBE's and being
transformed into an animal are some of the interesting hallucinations.


Family:  Coprinaceae
Genus:   Copelandia
Species: cyanescens          (Blue Meanies)

A whitish grey to pale brown 4 cm diameter cap with a dark centre on a
slender, hollow up to 11 cm tall stem. Brusing causes the cap and stem to
stain blue. Grows on dung and in rich pastures in NT, Qld and NSW.

Active Constituents: Contains both psilocybin and psilocin but this species
is only about 1/3 the strenght of Gold Tops.


Family:  Coprinaceae
Genus:   Panaeolus
Species: campanulatus

A reddish brown to sooty brown 4 cm diamter cap that is smooth to slightly
sticky when wet. Stem is up to 14 cm, slender and concolorous with the cap.
Grows on dung and in rich parstures in the ACT, NSW and Vic.

Effects: From Victorian Toadstools and Mushrooms by J. Willis, 1950, "rumor
has it that they will cause an intoxication, under which the victim suffers
a strange sensation of growing taller and taller and over-topping the
objects round about him."

Active Constituents: Both psilocybin and psilocin.


Family:  Coprinaceae
Genus:   Panaeolina
Species: foenisecii          (Haymakers toadstool)

A cap that is dark brown when wet to a clay colour when dry and is up to
2 cm in diameter but usually smaller. The stem is slender, hollow and up to
5 cm tall. It grows singly or in groups in grassy places.

Mentioned in Mushrooms and Toadstools of Australia as being poisonous and
hallucinogenic.

Active Constituents: Both psilocybin and psilocin.


OTHER MUSHROOMS

Conocybe, Gymnopilus and Stropharia species do occur in Australia but there
is no record of them being hallucinogenic, but Stroparia coronilla is
recorded as being slightly poisonous (in a book that regards psilocybin and
psilocin as poisons).

Boletus luridus and B. erythropus of the Family Boletaceae, are some of the
porous fungi that are poorly studied. They stain blue when bruised. It is
regarded as poisonous and contains muscarine, this toadstool is possibly
hallucinogenic but as I dont know, anybody who has tested it please put
your results up on alt.drugs so we can confirm or deny this.

Family:  Solanaceae
Genus:   Duboisia
Species: hopwoodii

A small tree or shrub about 3 m high with narrow linear leaves up to 15 cm
long. Its flowers have a broad bell shaped white corolla with a purple
striped tube and five lobes. The fruit is a black 6 mm long berry that
contains two seeds in a dark pulp.  It grows in the arid regions of
central Australia.

Usage: The dried and powdered leaves and twigs, often mixed with the ash of
Acacia species, was then placed in the side of the mouth like a plug of
tobacco and chewed. After Europeans introduced smoking it was also
sometimes smoked.

Effects: It is both a stimulant and a narcotic.

History: Used and prized by the Aborigines and traded across Australia.
When the first white men tried it they described it as having the kick of
a slug of gin.

Active Constituents:  nicotine and nor-nicotine, minor amounts of the
hallucinogen hyosime but no hallucinations have ever been reported from
using it.




GALANGAL

Family:  Zingiberaceae
Genus:   Kaempferia
Species: galanga

A smooth stemless herb that grows to about 1.5 meters, it has long leaves
with narrow blades that spread out horizontally. The flowers form a terminal
spike and are white with deep red veining. It grows in open grassy areas and
is found from tropical Africa through India to northern Queensland.

Usage: Eat approx. 6 cm of the raw root. Or take a tablespoon of root, cut
small and add to a cup of boiling water. Then drink cold.

Effects: Mild hallucinations.

History: Used by the natives of New Guinea as a hallucinogen. As described
in the movie The Valley, obscured by clouds (the one with the Pink Floyd
soundtrack). Also used in the Philippines as a folk medicine.




AGARA

Family:  Himantandraceae
Genus:   Galbulimima
Species: belgraveana

A large rainforest tree that grows up to 35 meters tall with glossy leaves.
Flowers have two calyx lobes, no petals and a large number of flattened
stamens. It has red fleshy fruit with a resinous scent. Found in Queensland
and New Guinea, it is most commonly found growing from 1200 to 2700 meters
but can be found as low as 5 meters above sea level. It is only used by
New Guineans who use it as a pre battle hallucinogen, it was not used by
the Australian Aborigine at all.

Usage: The bark was chewed and rubbed on the legs of tribal warriors.

Effects: Intoxication and hallucinations followed by extreme drowsiness.

Active Constituents: Twenty eight different alkaloids including himandrine
and himbacine have been reported.




KAVA KAVA

Family:  Piperceae
Genus:   Piper
Species: methysticum

A shrub up to 4 meters tall with heart shaped leaves up to 16 cm long and
short spikes rising from the base of the leaf stem. The spikes are densely
covered with flowers. The plant grows in cool, moist highlands or wet
forests up to 300 meters above sea level. It grows best where summer
temperatures are between 26 - 32 Celceus. Its range is across the South
Pacific.

Usage: The upper rhyzome is used, traditionally in a tea (yaqona). For
maximum effects mix 1 ounce Kava with 10 ounces of water (preferably
coconut milk), two tablespoons coconut oil or olive oil, and 1 tablespoon
lecithin. Blend until the liquid takes on a milky appearance. Serves 1 - 2
people.The resins can also be extracted with isopropyl alcohol in a heat
bath.The solvent is removed by evaporation. Redissolve in just enough
warmed brandy, rum, vodka, or honey. The upper rhyzome is starchy 
with a faint pleasant odor and a pungent bitter taste.

Effects: Small amounts produce euphoria, large amounts produce extreme
relaxation, lethargy and eventually sleep. Often visual and auditory
hallucinations lasting 2 - 3 hours with no hangover. Effects are not
noticed when used for the first few times (like marijuana). It also
produces numbing of the mouth.
Continual chewing eventually destroys the tooth enamel. Also constant and
excessive use with alcohol can become habit forming and after several
months cause yellowing of the skin, bloodshot and weak eyes, as well as
other side effects. The symptoms disappear within two weeks after the
drinking has stopped.

History: Kava is used by the Samoans as part of there religous ceremonies
and by the Fijians for guests as part of there ceremonies welcoming special
guests and friends. Five varieties are cultivated in Fiji, three white and
two black. The faster maturing black varieties are prefered for the
commercial crop while the slightly slower growing white varieties are
considered the best for personal use.

Active Constituents: Kava has six resinous alpha pyrones; kawain,
dihydrokawain, methysician, dihydromethystician, yangonin and
dihydroyangonin. None of these are water soluble except when emulsified.
They are soluble in alcohol, oil and gastric juices.




BETEL NUT

Family:  Palmaceau
Genus:   Aveca
Species: catechu

A slender tree up to 25 meters high that grows in hot but shady habitats.
The leaf blades grow to 1 meter across with many pinnae. Betel palms produce
250 nuts per year and they grow from India across to the South Pacific.

Usage: Mix 1/2 gm of burnt lime (hydrated calcium oxide) with one Betel Nut,
preferably in a semi powdered form. It is then placed in the side of the
mouth for a two hour period, and the saliva is spat out occasionally. It is
also brewed like coffee, made into cigarettes, or it can be mixed with
acacia gum, some burnt lime and a dash of nutmeg and used as a sweet as
done in Malaysia.

Effects: Arecoline is a mild CNS stimulent. It increases respiration and
decreases the workload of the heart. It allows a journey to become more
vivid by allowing time to be percived differently.

History: By 1930 there were about 20 million Betel nut chewers in India.
Regular usage does stain the mouth, gums and teeth a deep red. Excessive
use can cause innebriation and dizziness. Long term users cause damages to
the teeth and soft tissue of the mouth.

Active Constituents: Arecoline is a volatile oil released from the nut by
saliva and lime. Betel leaf contains chavicol, allylpyrocathechol,
chavibetol and cadinene.




CALAMUS

Family:  Araceae
Genus:   Acorus
Species: calamus

A perennial herb that has a horizontal rootstock up to 1.5 meters long. The
leaves grow from 1/2 to 2 meters tall, are sword like and have a crimped
edge. The flowers are minute greenish-yellow on a cylindrical spike. The
herb grows in marshes and along the borders of creeks. It is originally from
India but has been introduced to Europe, North America and also Australia.

Usage: Either eat the raw root when dry which is like ginger in both
texture and taste. Or it can also be made into a drink by boiling 1 ounce
of calamus root in 600 ml of water.

Effects: It acts as a stimulent when a 4 cm segment of root is eaten and it
alleviates fatigue. When more than a 24 cm root segment is eaten it is a
hallucinogen.

Active Constituents: Asarone and B-arasone are in the essential oil of
calamus. These are the non-amine precursors to TMA-2. The asarone is
converted to TMA-2 in the body shortly after ingestion.

History: The Moso sorcerers of Yunnan, China have used calamus as a
healing herb for asthma and fevers. The Cree Indians over 40 years old use
small amounts of it as an anti fatigue herb while larger amounts are used
as a mind altering sacramnet for boys to be initiated as a warrior.


                      -------
                      Calamus
                      -------

I was taught long ago in Vermont by a lady who was into herbs there, that
Sweet Flag (calamus) was chewed by local folks on long walking trips.  It
was useful for three reasons (all of which I can attest to subjectively):

        (1)  It staves off fatigue
                I suspect some of this has to do with:

        (2)  It staves off boredom
                I've found it to be a mild euphoric.  Does this have to
                do with it being a stimulant?  Maybe.  Hallucinogen?  Well,
                I've never hallucinated on it.  But it is a euphoric.  It
                makes an entertaining tea in combination with passion
                flower and damiana.

        (3)  It keeps your mouth stimulated and moist
                The fresh root, or fresh-dried, has a tingly effect on
                the mouth that lingers, staves off thirst, and is pleasant
                only with habit, from what I understand.  I've always liked
                it but some folks really despise it.

A piece of root the size of a medium kidney bean will last you quite a while
walking.  I wait until the tingle in the mouth has completely disappeared
before I take another bite.  I used to walk 23-25 miles at 4-5 miles/hr in
a summer evening sometimes (with or without the calamus).  I suspect with
the calamus, I might have been able to cover twice that distance with no
strain at all with the calamus in the course of a day.  Given sufficient
need, I would be willing to believe that I could make 70-75 miles, but I'd
hate to think what shape I'd be in the next day.

Calamus was associated with spirit-walking, I remember hearing, when people
would cover completely improbable distances in the course of very short
times.  However, I remember hearing this as "indian traditional stuff" which
in Vermont could mean Algonquin, Iraquoi, or someone reading it in a book..
I also couldn't swear that that wasn't a simple reference to shamanic
journeying which might or might not refer to physical distances...


Shava Nerad Averett
  all materials (c)1992, Shava Nerad Averett, and have nothing significant
  to do with the University of North Carolina, a mostly owned subsidiary
    of the NC Legislature, a mostly owned subsidiary of the DOT.    



ACACIA
                    -----------------------
                    Native Australian Drugs
                    -----------------------

Family:  Leguminosae
Genus:   Acacia
Species: confusa
         maidenii
         phlebophylla
         polycatha ssp. campylacantha
         nubica
         senegal
         et al.

Dried A. confusa stems contain 0.04% N-methyltryptamine and 0.02% DMT
(Arthur et al. 1967). The dried leaves of A. phlebophylla contain 0.3% DMT
(Rovelli & Vaughan, 1967). The bark of A. maidenii contains 0.6% of
N-methyltryptamine and DMT in the proportions approx. 2:3 (Fitzgerald &
Sioumis, 1965). Smith (1977) mentions other species.

Seeds of several acacia species are available from ..Of the jungle.

Arthur, H.R., Loo, S.N. & Lamberton, J.A., 1967. Nb-methylated tryptamines
  and other constituents of Acacia confusia Merr. of Hong Kong.  Aust. J.
  Chem. 20, 811.
Fitzgerald, J.S. & Sioumis, A.A., 1965. Alkaloids of Australian
  Leguminosae V.  Aust. J. Chem. 18, 433.
Rovelli, B. & Vaughan, G.N., 1967. Alkaloids of Acacia I.  Aust. J. Chem.
  20, 1299.
Smith, T.A., 1977. Review: Tryptamine and Related Compounds in Plants.
  Phytochemistry v16, 171-175.


