Newsgroups: alt.drugs

                            MDMA  - FDA REPORT 
RESPONSE:
 
   The Food and Drug Administration has received inquiries about
the drug  MDMA  (3,4-METHYLENEDIOXYMETHAMPHETAMINE) referred
to in news media stories as an unregulated "DESIGNER DRUG."
 
   The following may be used to answer inquiries.
 
    MDMA  is a psychotropic drug, street named "ADAM" and
" ECSTASY, " popular among a small number of therapists and
psychiatrists, although it has never been approved by FDA.  The
therapists claim that  MDMA  increases perceptions of self-insight
and empathy.  Recreational users claim that the drug relaxes
inhibitions and enhances communications and sex.  However, no
INDs have been filed with FDA.
 
   Chemically,  MDMA  is related to both the amphetamines and
mescaline and especially to a potent stimulant known as MDA.
Although it was developed in the 1970's, there was no
enforcement activity involving  MDMA  manufacture or possession
prior to last July.  At that time, after a strong upsurge of
 MDMA  street use, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA)
proposed listing it as a "Schedule 1 Controlled Substance" --
the category for drugs with no medical use and a high abuse
potential.  In the Schedule 1 category (which includes heroin,
LSD and MDA), clandestine production or sale of  MDMA  would be
punishable by up to 15 years in prison and a $125,000 fine.
 
   The DEA proposal was protested by some nurses, physicians and
professors of pharmacology who wrote letters demanding a
hearing.  They challenged the proposed scheduling on the grounds
that the drug has only a low or moderate abuse potential and has
great therapeutic usefulness.
 
   DEA announced May 31, 1985 it will not wait for hearings before
acting because recent data indicate that the drug is being
abused in 28 states.  DEA is using a 1984 change in the
Controlled Substances Act which allows emergency scheduling of
drugs for one year.  DEA's emergency ban will become effective
July 1.
 
   The emergency action is an interim measure to curb  MDMA  abuse
until the longer administrative process can be completed.  DEA
has scheduled hearings June 10 and 11 in Los Angeles and July 10
and 11 in Kansas City.  A third hearing will be scheduled later
in Washington, DC.  FDA will participate in the hearings to
testify on the pharmacological aspects of the drug.

