Hair Testing | the Next Wave
By David Ross
 
The 60s may be turning into the 90s, but at least one fashion may not 
return: long hair.
 
The latest weapon in the Drug War is hair analysis. Psychemedics Corp. 
of Santa Monica, California, has mounted a massive media and advertising 
campaign hoping to have their patented RadioImmunoAssay of Hair (RIAH, 
or "HAIR" backwards) become a "complementary test to urinalysis."
 
News "stories," magazine articles and even editorial columns (William 
F. Buckley, Jr., for example) have touted the praises of this new 
"weapon" to ensure a "genuinely drug-free workplace."
 
RIAH is the brainchild of Annette and Werner Baumgartner, whose Ianus 
Foundation project was funded by the Veterans Administration, the U.S.
Navy, the FBI, the American Society for Industrial Security and the 
National Institute of Justice.
 
How Hair Testing Works
 
 
Now that they are ready to market their product/service, the 
Baumgartner's have formed Psychemedics Corp. Their literature calls 
Psychemedics "the world's first laboratory to offer a cost-effective 
method for testing hair rather than body fluids for the detection of 
drugs of abuse."  They claim to be "at the leading edge of drug test 
technology."
 
Psychemedics claims RIAH is based on "a simple scientific principle."
Blood, circulating through the body, deposits traces of illegal drugs 
in the hair follicle. These drug-traces, they claim, become entrapped 
in the hair in amounts proportional to those ingested. With their 
process, they claim, a history of a person's drug-taking is mapped 
out in the hair.
 
The Same Old Lies
 
 
Werner Baumgartner apparently has more than just financial pride in 
his project þ his articles and news releases overflow with 
politicalisms about the scourge of drug abuse, and with suggestions 
about how using his product to see the "history" of a drug "abuser" 
can enable company management to make a "decision over whether or 
not an otherwise qualified candidate. . .  is worth the risk of 
probationary employment."  He touts the use of RIAH not only in 
employment decisions, but also in law-enforcement, medical and 
insurance situations.
 
Does Hair Testing Work?
 
 
According to Psychemedics' literature, the test cannot be beaten. 
Excessive washing of hair only helps them filter out airborne 
contaminants. Shaving one's head only creates suspicion, and besides, 
body hair works just as well. The RIAH system, Baumgartner claims, 
also works with fingernail scrapings.
 
The fine print of their literature, however, points out that 
"treated hair," i.e., bleached, dyed or permed hair, does create a 
problem for their test.
 
Psychemedics' media packet also includes a "non-biased" report 
entitled Quality Assurance Testing of RIAH, prepared by Walsh & 
Associates, whoever they are. The author, William J. Walsh, certifies 
that blind tests of Psychemedics laboratory were 100% accurate. Walsh, 
like Baumgartner, gets passionate in his report, resorting to tired 
lies such as "light recreational" use of drugs usually leads to 
hard-core addiction. One quote: "An effective drug-testing program 
must have the capability of identifying beginning drug abusers."
 
Making A Buck
 
 
Depending on the number of hair samples you send in to Psychemedics, 
prices per test range from $28 (the quantity discount, for 2500+ at 
one time) to $65 (5-24 samples).
 
A curious parenthetical statement appears on their price list: "To 
include 5% automatically confirmed positive, add $3 per sample."
 
For an additional $25 per sample, Psychemedics will graciously 
provide what they call "Safety Net" (a registered service mark, 
no less!). "Safety Net" simply means they'll test the sample the 
second time if it comes back positive the first time.
 
Their literature also includes a "selected corporate customer list," 
which includes: American Savings Bank, Anheuser-Busch, Barnett Bank, 
Blockbusters (the video-rental company), Caesars Tahoe (a casino), 
Corrections Corp. of America (the private prison people), the Federal 
Reserve Bank, various auto dealerships, Harrah's (another casino), 
Home Federal Bank, MGM Grand (yet another casino), Magma Copper Mines, 
hospitals, supermarkets, Ross Stores (Ross For Less), police 
departments, Trust Company Bank, ad nauseam.
 
Other blurbs and press releases by Psychemedics indicate their product 
can spot between 50% and 600% MORE drug users than urine testing.  One 
can only guess that Psychemedics wants to do its part in filling Newt 
Gingrich's "Western Prison Zone" [see page 3].
