                  旼컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴커
                   BeerLink...        Alpha Version 0.2 
                     ...A HomeBrewer's Development Tool 
                  읕컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴컴켸


If you are a FIRST-TIME user of BeerLink, you should refer to the BEERLINK.DOC
file in the BeerLink archive for installation instructions!!

Update Alpha Version 0.2

To update from Alpha Version 0.1, copy *ONLY* the following files to the 
specified directories:

BEERLINK.EXE	to the BEERLINK home directory
BEERLINK.OVR	to the BEERLINK home directory
BEERLINK.SCR	to the BEERLINK home directory
LOGS.DAT	to the DATA directory (as specified in your BEERLINK.CFG)

The new LOGS.DAT is because some fields were added to the Log Screen.  If you
try to use your previous LOGS.DAT, you will find it filled with garbage.  I
apologize for any incovenience that this may cause...  

CHANGES from Alpha Version 0.1

Many thanks go to Tim Evans for taking the time to send me NetMail FULL of
good suggestions!  Here are the changes since v0.1 and the ideas that I plan
to tackle immediately:

Updated in Alpha Version 0.2:

 - Log info now includes the *actual* HBU/IBU/Gravities/Alcohol of the brew.
   This can be used to record your actual results vs. assuming the Recipe
   calculation turned out to be right.  One thing to consider:  If these 
   measures turn out significantly different than what is calculated for the
   Recipe, you may have actually created a *NEW* Recipe! :)

 - Added ability to delete Log records.  Slipped by in the first release! :)

 - Implemented date range checking in the Log Screen

 - Established standard for field colors for easy identification (see docs)

 - Changed field ordering to make date input easier

 - Added screen titles at the TOP of the screens, so they are easy to see!

Planned for future releases:

 - Stop that dang screen flashing!  I recommend that you use the TAB key to
   move from field to field until I figure out the right implementation for
   the screens.

 - Filter/Search function

 - Data file merge utility
