          
          
          
                          Buy a New Car in Europe
          
               The next time you're ready to buy a new car, look
          to the showrooms in Europe.  In Europe, you can choose
          from many makes and models (with optional U.S.
          environmental and safety standards, if you want to sell
          the car in the United States).  These cars are exactly
          the same as those you'd see at showrooms in your
          country.  But they cost less, and European sales tax
          (which can run as high as 35%) is not added to cars
          bought by foreigners. 
               All things considered, you can save enough
          purchasing your new car in Europe to pay for your
          trip -- and have money left over.  By purchasing the
          car in Europe, you save more than enough to enjoy a
          week or two tooling Europe's country roads in your new
          automobile.  And if you do use your new Mercedes as
          transportation during your European vacation, you'll
          also save the cost of renting a car. 
               Almost any European car dealership in your country
          can handle the transaction for you.  When you plan your
          trip, try to arrange to pick up the car and to leave it
          for delivery to your country in cities specified by the
          dealer.  Volvos, for example, will be shipped free to
          the United States if you drop the car off in either
          London or Antwerp. 
               If you intend to resell the car in the United
          States, Be sure to specify that your car be equipped to
          conform to Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards and
          to U.S. or California emissions regulations.  If you
          get a car that does not meet these standards,
          modification costs will wipe out any savings you reap.
               Rest assured that any new car bought in Europe
          comes with the same manufacturer's warranty as a car
          bought in your country.  We're not talking "grey
          market" deals here, we're talking about tourist
          purchase arranged by the car's manufacturer and
          authorized dealers. 
               The following European dealers handle cars built
          to U.S. specifications: 
               Shipside Tax Free World on Wheels B.V., Shipside
          Buildings, Kruisweg 631, P.O. Box 430, 2130 AK
          Hoofddorp, The Netherlands; (201)818-0400 in the United
          States.  This company operates showrooms and delivery
          centers at airports in Amsterdam and Brussels.  It
          offers a large selection of makes and models.  A free
          catalog is available upon request. 
               Cars of Copenhagen, Vodroffsvej 55, DK-1900,
          Copenhagen, Denmark; tel. (45-3) 5-37-7800. 
               Iczovitz Tax-Free Cars, Claridenstrasse 36,
          CH-8027 Zurich, Switzerland.  This company sells the
          following makes built to U.S. specifications: Audi,
          Mercedes, Saab, Volvo, and Volkswagen.
               For a real insider's guide to buying a tax-free
          car in Europe, the definitive book is available from
          Scope International Ltd., Forestside House, Forestside,
          Rowlands Castle, Hants. PO9 6EE, Great Britain.  Tell
          them you want information on the tax-free car report.
          
          
          
