



                              EXCERPTS FROM:



                               Y O U N G ' S

            D E M O N S T R A T I V E    T R A N S L A T I O N

                                    O F

                  S C I E N T I F I C    S E C R E T S ;

                                    O R

               A    C O L L E C T I O N    O F    A B O V E

                  5 0 0    U S E F U L    R E C E I P T S

            O N    A    V A R I E T Y    O F    S U B J E C T S









                               T O R O N T O

          P R I N T E D    B Y    R O W S E L L   &   E L L I S,

                     K I N G    S T R E E T    E A S T

                                ----------

                                  1 8 6 1




                  304. RAILROAD SYSTEM OF HORSE TRAINING
This excellent and very simple method of horse training is nearly all 
accomplished by what is called the persuader or bit; which is made as 
follows: take a piece of strong rope eight or ten feet long and a quarter 
of an inch thick, then part the horse's mane in the centre, turning one 
half towards the ears, and the other towards the back of the horse; next 
tie the rope by one end in a hard knot that will not slip - not too 
tightly - round the horse's neck in the place at which the mane is 
divided, having the knot on the right side of the neck; then pass the 
loose end of the rope forwards, along the right side of the neck, into the 
horse's mouth and back along the left side of the neck to that part of the 
rope which surrounds the horse's neck, and underneath which it is passed; 
than take the loose end of the rope in your hand, and you have the 
persuader or bit completed. By pulling on the end which you now hold, you 
draw his mouth up towards his throat, and can thereby inflict the most 
excruciating torture that is possible for a horse to undergo, and the 
beauty of it is, without the least injury to the animal. One pull on this 
persuader is more dreaded by the horse than a whole day's flogging with 
raw-hide. In fact he cannot stand it; no matter how ugly his tricks may 
be, such as kicking, balking or anything else, if you use the persuader on 
him at the time, you can conquer him at once; make him as meek as a lamb, 
and glad to do anything to escape the torture inflicted by the persuader. 
A few times is all you will have to use it, even on the most sulky animal, 
until you will see no more of his tricks, and he is completely conquered.



                         305. TO HALTER WILD COLTS
How to approach and halter the wildest colt of any age without danger, and 
lead him quietly, is as follows: choose a large floor, that of a 
wagonhouse answers well, strew it over with straw two or three inches 
deep, turn your colt into it, follow him in with a good whip, shut the 
door, and he will clear to the furthest corner, follow him, and whip him 
well on the hips, he will clear to another corner, follow him, treat him 
in the same manner, and he will soon begin to turn his head towards you, 
then stop and bid him come to you, if he does not come, lay on the whip 
again, being always careful not to touch him about the head or shoulders, 
but always about the hips, in a short time he will come to you when you 
bid him, then rub his ears, nose, neck, chest, &c., and pet him all you 
can; halter and lead him about the floor; it at any time he clears from 
you, pay the whip well on his hips until he comes to you again; after a 
little use him the same way in a small yard, and after this you can do as 
you like with him in any place.

                       306. HORSES WITH TENDER EARS
How to make a horse, that is afraid of his head or ears, easy to bridle or 
halter, is as follows: - if your horse is very fractious and wild, you 
will need to treat him according to receipt No.305, first: at all events 
you will want the floor well covered with straw, then raise the left fore
leg and strap it so that your horse will stand on three legs, then tie a 
strap just above his right fore foot, and standing on the left side of the 
horse, holding the strap in your hand, chirp to him, and the moment he 
attempts to move forwards, he is on his knees; you may then fasten the 
strap to that on the left leg, or hold it in your hand, as you please; 
then after the horse gets done struggling and working, rub his nose and 
ears gently, and put the halter on and take it off repeatedly, to show him 
that it may be done without hurting him, and in a short time he will not 
mind the halter or bridle.

                    307. HOW TO CONTROL A VICIOUS HORSE
How to acquire the most perfect control over the most vicious and wildest 
horse, in a short time, without the use of drugs or charms, is by going 
according to receipts No.305 and No.306, and sometimes you may have to use 
the persuader.

                         308. TO BREAK A WILD COLT
How to break the wildest colt in a short time, so that a boy of 14 years 
old can ride or handle him in perfect safety. This is done by means of the 
persuader receipts No.305 and No.306, and if the boy is to ride him, after 
the horse is on his knees, as directed in receipt No.306, and the horse is 
tired out by struggling, then let somebody get on his back, sit there for 
a while, then move on to his shoulders, and back unto his hips, and so 
work round the horse until he does not mind it, and has no fear from it. 
When he has a few lessons like this, any lad may ride him in safety.


                     309. TO MAKE A STALLION LIE DOWN
How to make the worst stallion lie down and allow you to perform any 
surgical operation on him that you wish, without the assistance of any 
one. If the horse is very ugly, you may need to follow, first, receipt 
No.305, and perhaps, use the persuader, but it is principally done by 
receipt No.306, with this addition: when you have the horse on his knees, 
you standing on his left side, and holding the strap which is attached to 
his right fore foot in your hand, as taught in receipt No.306, then put a 
headstall on him, and to its ring on the left side of his mouth, tie 
firmly a stick about an inch and a half thick, which, let run up on the 
left side of his neck, to the top of his shoulders, then tie the strap, 
which is attached to the right foot, to this pole; now pull the horse over 
on his left side, and you have him powerless, his fore feet are drawn up, 
and on account of the pole he cannot raise his head, so that you have 
perfect control over him to do as you please.

                        310. PULLING AT THE HALTER
To break a horse from pulling at the halter. This is done by means of the 
persuader; if he pulls once on this, he will never try it again.

                            311. WILD STALLIONS
How to break the wildest stallion in a short time, so that a boy can lead 
him in perfect safety. This is done by putting the horse through a regular 
course of training, according to receipts No.305 and No.306, and the use 
of the persuader.

                             312. BALKY HORSES
How to make the worst of balky horses pull true. Whenever your horse 
balks, if you there and then, openly and publicly make use of the 
persuader, and jerk him well with it, he will be glad to go, and in a 
short time you will have to use it no more; but as long as this system is 
kept secret, and when a horse balks, you do not then use the persuader, 
you will never break the horse from balking.

                            313. SHOEING HORSES
How to make a horse stand to be shod. This is accomplished by having the 
persuader fitted on, and whenever the horse makes an attempt to be ugly, 
pull on the persuader, and he will very soon be glad to stand as quiet as 
a lamb.

                                314. "WHOA"
How to make a horse understand the word "whoa" so perfectly, that he will 
always stop when spoken to, no matter what may occur to frighten him. This 
is done by having the persuader fitted on, and whenever you sat "whoa", in 
a loud and stern tone of voice, pull on the persuader, and it is 
impossible for a horse to fear or dread anything else as much as this, he 
will stop instantly, no matter what may occur to frighten him.


                               315. THROWING
How to break a horse off the habit of throwing his rider. This is 
accomplished by means of the persuader, and receipt No.308.

                               316. SCARING
How to break a horse off scaring at umbrellas or buffalo robes, so that 
you may toss them at him without disturbing him. To accomplish this you 
want to get the horse on his knees, according to receipt No.306; then 
bring your robes and umbrellas near him, let him smell them, toss them at 
him, and throw them over his head carefully, and so continue to work, 
showing him that they do not harm him, until all fear of them is lost.

                            317. KICKING HORSES
How to break the worst class of kicking horses. To accomplish this, you 
will want to put the horse through a regular course of training, according 
to this system, until you have him well conquered; then keep the persuader 
on, and if he should ever attempt to kick, at that moment jerk well on the 
persuader, and he will think of everything but kicking; when he attempts 
it a few times, and you check him in this manner, he will quit it 
altogether.

                            318. TO BIT A HORSE
How to bit a horse more perfectly, in ten minutes, at a cost of ten cents, 
that can be done with any other bit and rig, at a cost of five to ten 
dollars. This bit is what is called the persuader, and it is the best bit 
that ever was used for bitting colts. It puts a most beautiful curve in 
the neck, and leaves the colt at ease while wearing it. When it is used 
for this purpose, the end that you hold in your hand in other cases, is 
now to be tied to that part of the persuader which surrounds the neck of 
the horse or colt.

                  319. JOCKEY TRICKS - TO PRODUCE FOUNDER
How to make a horse appear as if he was badly foundered in one night's 
time. Take a fine wire, or any substitute, and fasten it tightly round the 
castor tit, the back side of the pasture joint at night; smooth the hair 
down nicely over it, and by morning he will walk as stiff as any foundered 
horse.

                         320. FOOD AND STARVATION
How to make a horse stand by his food and starve to death. Grease the 
front teeth and roof of the mouth with common beef-tallow, and he will not 
eat until you wash it out; this, in conjunction with the above, will 
consummate a complete founder.

                               321. GLANDERS
How to make a horse appear as if he had the glanders, in one night's time. 
This is done by melting fresh butter and pouring it into his ears, not too 
hot.



                               322. BALKING
How to make a true pulling horse balk. Take tincture of cantharides 1 oz., 
and corrosive sublimate 1 drachm; mix and bathe his shoulders at night.

                          323. TO COVER UP HEAVES
How to cover up the heaves so effectually, that you may work, ride, or run 
him, and they cannot be detected. This will last from twelve to 
twenty-four hours, long enough to trade off. Drench the horse with 
one-fourth pound of common bird shot, and he will not heave until they 
pass through him.

                           324. THE COUNTENANCE
How to put a young countenance on a horse. Make a small incision near the 
sunk place over the eye, insert the point of a blow-pipe or goose-quill, 
and blow it up; close the external wound with thread, and it is done.

                               325. THE CRIB
How to cure a horse of the crib, or sucking wind; saw between the upper 
front teeth.

                               326 QUESTIONS
To teach a horse to answer questions. This is done by pricking him with a 
pin; for instance, you may say to the horse, is your name Tom ? and at 
that moment prick him with a pin so that he will squeal; then ask him is 
your name Sam ? don't prick him and he will not squeal. Then say again is 
your name Tom, prick him again, and he will squeal; so continue, and after 
a time he will squeal without being pricked when you ask him the first 
question, &c.

                           327. TO NERVE A HORSE
How to nerve a horse that is lame. Make a small incision about half way 
from the knee to the joint on the outside of the leg, and at the back part 
of the shin bone; you will find a small white tendon or cord; cut it off 
and close the external wound with a stick, and he will walk off on the 
hardest pavement, and not lame a particle.



                            328. A HORSE'S AGE
The following rules will enable any man to ascertain with tolerable 
certainty the age of any horse. Every horse has six teeth above and six 
below; before he arrives at the age of three he sheds his two middle teeth 
by the young teeth rising and shoving the old ones out of their place. 
When he arrives at the age of three, he sheds one more on each side of the 
middle teeth; when four years old he sheds two corner and the last of his 
fore teeth; between four and five he cuts his under tusks, and when five 
will cut his upper tusks, and have a mouth full and complete, and the 
teeth will have hollows of a very dark brown colour. At six years old the 
grooves and hollows in a horse's mouth will begin to fill up a little and 
their tusks have their full growth, with their points sharp, and a little 
concave. At seven years old the grooves and hollows will be pretty well 
filled below. At eight the whole of the hollows and groves are filled up, 
and you see the appearance of what is termed smooth below. At nine years 
old, the point of the tusk is worn off, and the part that was concave 
begins to fill up and become rounded. Between nine and ten years of age a 
horse generally looses the marks of the mouth. After nine years old a 
wrinkle comes on the eyelid at the upper corner of the lower lid, and 
every year thereafter he has one well defined wrinkle for each year over 
nine. If, for instance, a horse has three wrinkles, he is twelve; if four, 
he is thirteen, &c.

                         329. HEAD, NECK OR LUNGS
How to tell by looking at a horse whether there is any thing the matter 
with his head, neck or lungs. A knowledge of this is as useful as it is 
simple. If there is nothing the matter with the head, neck or lungs of a 
horse, the nostrils will have a clean, healthy, and bright appearance, but 
if there is, they have always a dirty, muddy, or in some way an unhealthy 
appearance.

                     330. PROF. MANDIE'S HORSE TAMING
Take finely grated horse caster, or the warty excrescence from the horse's 
leg, oils of rhodium, and cumin, keep these in separate bottles well 
corked; put some of the oil of cumin on your hand and approach the horse 
on the windy side that he may smell it; he will then move towards you, 
then rub some of the cumin on his nose; give him a little of the castor on 
sugar, salt, or any thing he likes, and get 8 or 10 drops of the oil of 
rhodium on the point of his tongue; you can then get him to do any thing 
you please. Follow up your advantage by all the kindness and attention 
possible towards the animal, and your control is certain. This is only fit 
for nervous horses; but the railroad system is certain. In all kinds of 
ugly horses it is the best of methods.



                           331. BOTTS IN HORSES
This may be relied on as a certain and safe remedy for botts in horses. 
When the horse is attacked, pound some common glass very fine, sift it 
through a fine piece of muslin, take a tablespoonful, put it inside a ball 
of dough, (not mixed with the dough,) then put it down the horse's throat, 
and in from two to five minutes the horse will get up and feel and will be 
well. The moment the glass touches the botts though they may have eaten 
their way into the coats of the stomach, so that but a small portion is 
exposed, they will let go their hold, will pucker up and be driven off by 
the bowels. This remedy is perfectly safe, and is the only certain cure 
for botts under the sun. Try it.

                         332. RING BONE AND SPAVIN
Take of sweet oil, 4 oz.; spirits of turpentine, 2 ozs.; oil if stone, 1/2 
oz. Mix and apply three times a day. If the horse is over four years old, 
or in any case where there is not sufficient, in addition to it, you will 
fit a bar of lead just above it, wiring the ends together, so it 
constantly wears upon the enlargement, and the two together, will cure 
nine cases out of every ten in six weeks.

                        333. POLL EVIL AND FISTULA
Take 1 lb. common potash dissolved in 1/2 pint of water. Add 1/2 oz. 
extract of belladona and 1 oz. gum-arabic dissolved in a little water; 
work all into a paste with wheat flour, and box or bottle up tight. In 
applying this, the place should be well cleansed with soap-suds, (castile 
soap is best) then tallow should be applied all around by the paste 
dissolving and running over it. Now this paste must be pressed to the 
bottom of all the orifices; if very deep it must be made sufficiently thin 
to inject by means of a small syringe, and repeated once in two days, 
until the callous pipes, and hard fibrous base around the poll evil, or 
fistula, is completely destroyed. Sometimes one application has cured 
cases of this kind, but it will generally require two or three. If the 
horse cannot be kept up, you will put a piece of oiled cloth over the 
place. The advantage of this caustic over all others is that less pain and 
inflammation is induced. The sores may be cured by the following or 
Sloan's ointment: ceder oil is to be applied to the tendons, to prevent 
them stiffening, in pole evil, or other cases.

                  334. DeGRAY, OR SLOAN'S HORSE OINTMENT
Take of rosin 4 oz., lard 8 oz., honey 2 oz., mix and melt slowly, gently 
bring it to a boil, and as it begins to boil slowly, add a little less 
than a pint of spirits of turpentine, stirring all the time it is being 
added, then remove from the stove, and stir till cool. This is an 
extraordinary ointment for bruses in flesh or hoof, broken knees, galled 
backs, bites, cracked heels, &c. or when a hoirse is gelded, to heal and 
keep away flies.


                       335. NERVE AND BONE LINIMENT
Take of beef's gall 1 quart, alcohol 1 pint, volatile liniment 1 lb., 
spirits of turpentine 1 lb., oil of origanum 4 oz., aqua ammonia 4 oz., 
tincture of cayenne 1/2 pint, oil of amber 3 oz., tincture of spanish fly 
6 oz., mix and shake well. Uses too well known to need description.

                     336. TO CURE FOUNDERS IN 24 HOURS
Boil or steam oat straw for half an hour, then wrap it round the horses 
legs while quite hot, cover up with wet woollen rags to keep in the steam: 
in six hours renew the application. Take 1 gallon of blood from the neck 
vein, and give a quart of linseed oil. He may be worked next day.

                     337. TO CURE COLIC IN TEN MINUTES
Bleed freely at the horse's mouth, and take 1 oz. of oil of juniper, 1 oz. 
of laudanum, and 2 ozs. of sweet spirits of nitre. Mix in a pint of gruel, 
and drench him with it.

                             338. GARGLING OIL
Take of tanner's oil 1 quart, oil of vitriol 2 oz., spirits of turpentine 
1 oz. Mix all together, leave the bottles open till it stops working, then 
it is ready for use.

                       339. MERCHANT'S GARGLING OIL
Take of linseed oil 2 1/2 galls., spirits of turpentine 2 1/2 galls., 
western petroleum 1 gall., liquor potass 8 oz., sap green 1 oz., mix all 
together, and it is ready for use.

                            340. PURGING BALLS
Take of aloes, 3 oz.; anise seed, 3 oz.; pulverise and mix with castile 
soap. This makes one ball for a horse.

                             341. URINE BALLS
Take of white resin, 1/2 lb.; castile soap, 1/2 lb.; venice turpentine, 
1/2 pint; mix well together; make the balls the size of butternuts. Give 
the horse three the first day, two the second day, and one the third day.

                            342. FOR THE HEAVES
Give the horse 1/2 drachm of nitric acid, in a pint of sweet milk. Repeat 
once in two days, once in three days, and once in four days. This receipt 
is highly prized, and is good; but the best remedy for heaves is so simple 
that scarcely any one will try it; it is to take fresh sumack tops, break 
two or three bunches of them up in the horse's feed, three times a day. 
This will actually cure the heaves unless, they are very bad.


                       343 INFLAMMATION OF THE LUNGS
The symptoms of inflammation of the lungs in the horse is as follows: - it 
is usually ushered in by a shivering fit, the horse is cold all over, 
reaction soon takes place, the body becomes warmer, and the extremities 
extremely cold. The breathing is quick, he refuses to lie down. If when 
wearied out, he lies down, it is but for a moment.
Treatment - This may be commenced by a good bleeding, which is to be 
followed by a drachm of emetic tartar, and three drachms of nitre, every 
eight hours, rubbing the extremities, and giving bran-mashes; throw warm 
blankets over the animal, hanging down to the floor, and place vessels of 
hot water in which put hot stones or bricks, and sweat freely, also, give 
one scruple of opium, and two of calomel, twice a day. The sides of the 
chest may be thoroughly blistered. This is the proper treatment.

                          344. STOMACH AND BOWELS
Inflammation of the stomach and bowels in the horse, resembles colic in 
its symptoms, except in colic the pains pass off at times, and return 
again, whereas in inflammation, the pain is constant, and the animal is 
never easy; after a time the eye acquires a wild haggard, unnatural stare, 
and the pupil, or dark spot in the eye, dilates.
Treatment - Take away, at once, six or eight quarts of blood, and repeat 
the bleeding if the pain returns. Follow the bleeding by one scruple of 
opium, and two of calomel, twice a day; also blister the sides of the 
chest; give him bran mash and purging balls, (Receipt No. 340).

                     345. INFLAMMATION OF THE KIDNEYS
The principal symptoms of inflammation of the kidneys in the horse, is, 
pressure on the loins elicit symptoms of pain, the breathing is hurried, 
there is a constant desire to void urine, although passed in small 
quantities, highly coloured, and sometimes tinged with blood.
Treatment - This is blood letting, active purging, mustard poultices as 
near the kidneys as possible, and the horse warmly clothed, &c., as in 
other inflammations.

                          346. CONDITION POWDERS
Take of flax-seed meal 2 lbs., finygreek meal 2 lbs., liver antimony 1/2 
lb., and nitre 1/2 lb., mix well; give a tablespoon for three days and 
omit three days, &c.

                           347. FOR BONE SPAVIN
Take of cantharides 2 oz., strong mercurial ointment 4 oz., oil of 
turpentine 4 oz., iodine 3 oz., mix all with a sufficiency of lard to make 
a thin ointment; apply to the spavin only once a day until it bursts; then 
oil it with sweet oil until healed. If the bunch is not then removed, 
apply it again, and again if necessary, which is seldom the case.


                      348. TO MAKE A HORSE FOLLOW YOU
The horse is treated in the same manner as mentioned in the receipt NO. 
305, always being careful to whip him on the hips. When he will follow you 
round the barn floor, then treat him in the same manner in a yard, and 
when he follows you here, he will any place.

                        349. COLTS CHEWING HALTERS
Take scab from the wart on the inside of the leg, rub the halter 
thoroughly with it, and they will not be found chewing their halters very 
soon.

                       350 A. HORSES JUMPING FENCES
Pass a small and strong cord around his body just behind his shoulders, 
and tie the halter to this cord between his forelegs, so as to leave the 
distance about two feet from the cord to his head; if then he attempts to 
jump, he is compelled to throw his head forward, which draws hard on the 
cord, and causes it to cut into his back, and he instantly desists. The 
cord should not be more than a quarter of an inch in diameter.

                           350 B. BLAZE OR STAR
When we have a pair of horses that match well in every respect, except 
that one has a blaze or star on the face, it becomes very interesting and 
important to know how to make their faces match. Take a piece of oznaburgs 
the size you want the star or blaze; spread it with warm pitch and apply 
it to the horses face; let it remain two or three days, by which time it 
will bring off the hair clean, and make the part a little tender; then 
take of elixor vitriol a small quantity, anoint the part two or three 
times; or, take of a very common weed called asmart, a small handfull, 
bruise it, and add to it about a gill of water, use it as a wash until the 
face gets well, when the hair will grow out entirely white.

                             351. BLACK SPOTS
To spot a white horse with black spots, take litharge 3 oz., quick lime 6 
oz., beat fine and mix together; put it into a pan and pour a sharp ley 
over it; then boil it and you will have a fat substance swim on top, with 
which anoint the horse in such places as you design to have black, and it 
will turn to the colour immediately.

                        352. INFLUENZA OR HORSE-AIL
The first symptom is debility. The horse appears dumpish, refuses to eat, 
mouth hot, in six or twelve hours the appetite diminishes, legs and 
eyelids swell. This disease may end in chronic cough, a bad discharge from 
the nose, and in inveterate cases in glanders.
Treatment - Keep the horse on light food, as mashes, scalded shorts, green 
grass, &c., and if he is very plethoric, he should be half starved and 
bled from the mouth. If the throat is sore, rub it with warm vinegar and 
salt, or blister; walk him a little for exercise, administer the 
following: oil of croton, 5 drops; nitrate of potassa 4 to 6 drachms; 
potassio-tartrate of antimony, 1 drachm; spirit of nitric ether, 4 drachms 
to 1 oz; solution of acetate of ammonia 2 to 4 ozs.; and warm water 
sufficient to make a draught; and when the head is much affected, add a 
drachm of camphor. This draught may be administered once and sometimes 
twice a day, the croton oil being omitted after the first dose; after the 
first day, 2 drachms of powdered gentian may be added.


                     353. STRANGLES OR HORSE DISTEMPER
Symptoms - A discharge from the nostrils, with a swelling under the 
throat, a disinclination to eat. Thirst, but after a gulp or two the horse 
ceases to drink. In attempting to swallow, a convulsive cough comes on; 
mouth hot and tongue coated with a white fur. The tumor under the jaw soon 
fills the whole space, and is evidently one uniform body, and may thus be 
distinguished from glanders or the enlarged glands of catarrh.
Treatment - Blister over the tumor at once; when the glands remain hard 
and do not suppurate, it may lead to glanders, in which case rub it with 
iodine ointment, and give internally, hydriodate of potash in daily doses 
of 10 to 40 grains, combined with gentian and ginger. As soon as the 
swelling is fit, lance it freely and apply a linseed poultice; give bran 
mashes, fresh grass, &c.

                               354. STAGGERS
Symptoms - Giddiness, he may fall down, or suddenly turn several times 
round first; he may be quiet, or struggle violently.
Treatment - If the horse be full and well fed, take 3 or 4 quarts of blood 
at once; cease using him for a time, and give him an occasional physic 
ball or powdered aloes 6 drachms and a little in honey.

                            355. GREEN OINTMENT
Take of lard, 6 lbs., put into a ten gallon kettle; add 2 gallons of 
water; cut jimpson seeds and fill them in, and cook from 4 to 6 hours 
slowly, till all the water is gone; then put into jars, and add to each 
pound of ointment one ounce of turpentine. Good for galls, cuts, 
scratches, &c.

                   356. HOOF EVIL OR THRUSH GREASE HEELS
Bleed and physic, and poultice the feet with boiled turnips and some 
finely ground charcoal at night, for two or three nights; then wash the 
feet clean with castile soap and soft water, and apply the blue ointment 
every day; keep the horse on a floor and he will be well in 12 days.

                            357. BLUE OINTMENT
Take the ointment of rosin, 4 ozs; finely ground verdigris, 1/2 oz; 
turpentine, 2 oz; mutton tallow, 2 lbs; oil of origanum, 1/2 oz; tincture 
of iodine, 1/2 oz. Mix all together. This is one of the best medicines 
that can be made for scratches, hoof-evil, and cuts, and is good to apply 
on fistula after the rowels have been taken out. It is as good for human 
as horse flesh.

                      358. HOOF BOUND OR TENDER FEET
Never have the feet spread at the heels, nor rasped about the nail holes; 
use the liquid, and apply it according to directions. For hoof bound or 
tender feet, apply it all around the top of the hoof down one inch every 
day. First have a stiff shoe on the foot, and cleanse the cut or cork. 
Never cut or burn for it.


                             359. HOOF LIQUID
Take of linseed or neatsfoot oil, 1/2 a pint; turpentine, 4 oz; oil of 
tar, 6 oz; origanum, 3 oz; mix and shake well together.

                               360. HOOF AIL
     Apply blue vitriol, and put on a tarred rag to keep out the dirt.

                           361. BIG, OR MILK LEG
Apply the liquid blister every there hours until it blisters; then in six 
hours grease with soft oil of any kind; then in eight days wash the part 
clean, and apply it again.  Repeat it there or four times, then use the 
iodine ointment.  If this does not remove it all, apply the ringbone and 
spavin medicine, this will remove it all.

                           362. IODINE OINTMENT
Get 1oz. of the grease iodine, put in 1 pint of alcohol; let this stand in 
the sun two days, and you have the tincture of iodine. Take 2oz. of the 
tincture and 1/2lb. of lard; mix well, and you have the iodine ointment.

                         363. SPRAIN IN THE STIFLE
Symptoms - The horse holds up his foot, moans when moved, swells in the 
stifle. This is what is called stifling; there is no such thing as this 
joint getting out of place.
Treatment - Bleed two gallons, foment the stifle with hot water, rub it 
dry, then bathe it well with the general liniment every morning and night, 
give him mash, and he will soon be well. Never allow any stifle-shoe or 
cord on the foot or leg.

                           364. GENERAL LINIMENT
Take of turpentine, 1/2 pint; linseed oil, 1/2 pint; aqua-ammonia, 4 oz.; 
tincture of iodine, 1 oz.; shake all well together. This is used for 
different things spoken of in the different receipts, sores or swellings, 
sprains, &c.

                            365. LIQUID BLISTER
Take of alcohol, 1 pint; turpentine, 1/2 pint; aqua-ammonia, 4 oz.; oil of 
origanum, 1 oz.; mix, apply this as spoken of, every three hours until it 
blisters.

                            366. TO CURE CORNS
Take of the shoe, cut out the corns, and drop in a few drops of muriatic 
acid, then make the shoes so they will not bear on the part affected. 
Apply the hoof liquid to the hoof to remove the fever. This is a sure cure 
for corns in horses.

                        367. WATER FARCY, OR DROPSY
This is a swelling along under the chest, and forward to the breast; 
bleed, rowel in the breast and along the swelling, six inches apart, apply 
the general liniment to the swelling, move the rowels every day, let them 
stay in until the swelling goes down. Give soft food, mashes, with the 
cleansing powder in them.


                           368. CLEANSING POWDER
This is to be used when the blood is out of order.  It is good to restore 
lost appetite, good for yellow water, whenever it is to be used it is 
spoken of in the receipts.  Take of good ginger 1 lb., powdered gentian 
4oz., crude antimony 1/2 oz., mix well together. Give one large spoonful 
every day in wet food. This is perfectly safe.

                              369. POLL EVIL 
Cure before it breaks, run a rowel or seaton from the lower part of the 
top through the centre of the enlargement, then make the following lotion. 
Take of sal-ammoniac 2 oz., spirts of turpentine 1/2 a pint, linseed oil 4 
oz., and spirts of tar 4 oz., shake well, and apply it all over the 
swelling every other day. Let the seaton stay in until all the swelling is 
gone down, move it every day, and when all is gone throw it out. Bleed 
when you first open it, and keep the part clean.

                              370. GLANDERS 
Bleed copiously, put a rowel or seaton of polk root between the jaw and 
breast, put tar thoroughly up the nostrils twice a day. This is the best 
remedy ever in use.

                             371. FRESH WOUNDS
If there is an artery cut, tie it if possible; if not possible, or if 
there is much bleeding without the separation of an artery, apply the 
following wash: nitrate of silver 4 grains, soft water 1 oz., wet the 
wound with this, then draw the edges together by stitches one inch apart, 
then wash clean, and if any swelling in twenty-four hours, bleed and apply 
the blue ointment, or any of the liniments spoken of, Keep the bowels 
open.

                               372 THE LIVER
In disease of the liver or yellow water, give the following ball every 
morning until it operates upon the bowels. Take of aloes 7 drachms, 
calomel 1 drachm, ginger 4 drachms, and molassas enough to make it into a 
ball, wrap it in a paper and give it; give scalded bran and oats, grass if 
it can be got; when his bowels have moved, stop the physic, and give 1 oz. 
spirits of camphor in half a pint of water, every morning, for twelve 
days, rowel in the breast, and give a few doses of cleansing powder. Turn 
him out.

                      373. BALLS FOR WORMS IN HORSES
Take of barbadose aloes 6 drachms, powdered ginger 1 1/2 oz., oil of 
wormwood 20 drops, powdered natron 2 drachms, and molassas to form a ball.

                         374. BALLS FOR HIDE BOUND
Take of barbadose aloes 1 oz., castile soap 9 drachms, and ginger 6 
drachms. Make into a ball.


                           375. HEALING OINTMENT
Take of lard 5 parts, rosin 1 part, melt them together; when they begin to 
get cool add two parts of calamine powder, stirring well till cool. If the 
wound is unhealthy add a little turpentine.

                           376. GALLS ON HORSES
        Bathe the parts affected with spirits saturated with alum.

                           377. GRUBS IN HORSES
Take of red precipitate a teaspoonful, form into a ball, repeat if 
necessary in 30 minutes.

                      378. STIFF SHOULDERS OR SWEENEY
Rowel from the top of the shoulder blade down as far as there is no 
pealing. First cut through the skin, and then two thin fibres or 
strippings, use the blunt needle, move it back and forwards five or six 
inches, draw in a tape or seaton, and the next morning wet it with 
tincture of cantharides, do this every other day, move them every day, 
wash the part clean, let the tape stay in until the matter changes to 
blood, this is for both diseases. Let him run out if possible. He will be 
well in six or eight weeks. If for sweeney you may work him all the time.

                        379. SICK STOMACH IN HORSES
Bleed half a gallon, then if he will eat a mash give him one, give no hay, 
then give him 1/2 oz. of rhubarb every night until it moves his bowels, 
then take of gentian root 4 oz., fenu-greek 2 oz., nitre 1/2 oz., mix and 
give a large spoonful every day. Do not give him too much to eat when his 
appetite returns.

                              380. LUNG FEVER
Bleed four gallons from the neck vein, and take 1 oz. of aquanite, add to 
it half a gallon of cold water, drench him with a gill of it every three 
hours, drench him over the lungs, then give him water to drink that hay 
has been boiled in, and to each gallon of it add 1 oz. of gum-arabic, and 
1/2 oz. of spirits of nitre; give this every four hours; foment and rub 
the legs with alcohol and camphor, until they get warm; do not move the 
horse. Keep him in open stall if hot weather.

                         381. EYE WASH FOR HORSES
Take of sugar of lead, 2 drachms; white vitriol, 1 drachm; and soft water, 
1 quart; mix and dissolve; wash the eyes out well every morning, having 
first washed then well with cold water, continue this for three or four 
weeks; and then, if the eyes are not much better, bleed and give a mild 
physic. The horse should be kept on low diet, and not over heated or 
worked too hard. Scalded shorts or oats are good.

                          382. MANGE AND SURFEIT
Bleed and physic, then take sulphur, 1/2 lb.; and lard, 2 lbs.; mix well; 
grease the part affected every three or four days; stand the horse in the 
sun until it dries in; give him a few doses of the cleansing powder.


                       383. CONTRACTION OF THE NECK
If it is taken in the first stages, bleed from the neck 2 galls.; then 
ferment or bathe the part well with hot water; rub it dry, and apply the 
general lineament every day, two or three times; this will cure if it is 
of long standing. Then blister all along the part affected with the liquid 
blister. Do this every three weeks until he is well, and rub with the 
white ointment, Do not work the horse till well.

                            384. WHITE OINTMENT
For rheumatism, sprains, burns, swelling, bruises, or any inflammation on 
man or beast, chapped hands or lips, black eyes, or any kind of bruises. 
Take of fresh butter 2 lbs.; tincture of iodine, 1/2 oz.; oil of origanum, 
2 ozs.; mix well for fifteen minutes, and it is fit for use; apply it 
every night; rub it in well with your hand.

                           385. OLD HORSES YOUNG
Drops to make old horses as lively as young. Take the tincture of 
assafoetida, 1 oz.; tincture of cantharides, 1 oz.; antimony, 2 oz.; 
fenugreek, 1 oz.; and fourth proof brandy, 1/2 gal.; mix all and let stand 
ten or twelve days; then give ten drops in a pail, or one gallon, of 
water.

                         386. RHEUMATIC LINEAMENT
Take of alcohol, 1/2 pint; oil of origanum, 1/2 oz.; cayenne pepper, 1/2 
oz.; gum myrrh, 1/2 oz.; and lobelia, 1 teaspoonful; mix and let stand one 
day; then bathe the part affected.

                        387. TO KILL LICE ON CATTLE
Take of buttermilk, 1 quart; salt, 1/3 pint; mix and dissolve; pour this 
along the back, letting it run down each side; if this should ever fail 
use the water in which potatoes have been boiled, in the same way, it will 
be effectual.

                           388. HORSES FROM FIRE
The difficulty of getting horses from burning stables is well known. The 
remedy is to blindfold them perfectly, and by gentle usage, they may be 
easily led out. If you like you may also throw the harness upon them.

                              389. SNOW BALLS
To prevent snow balls on horses' feet clean their hoofs well, and rub with 
soft soap before going out in the snow.
============================================================================
Another text file from Stonehenge BBS [415] 479-8328
============================================================================
