



This is a compilation of thoughts gathered by SUICIDAL during a few days of
work, read 'em and THINK about 'em, it's good for you.
Some you may recognise, some you may not, the important thing is that you
broaden your mind, I have tried to put one qoute for each feeling that I have
encountered, enjoy.
 SUICIDAL

===============================================================================


If war is good for the economy, then money sucks!


When a man lies, he murders a part of the world.
These are the pale deaths which men miscall thier lives.
All this I cannot bear to witness any longer,
cannot the kingdom of salvation take me home.


Do as I say, not as I do.
 

How will I laugh tomorrow when I can't even smile today?


You can call me ugly - but I still dress the way I choose.


Don't judge a man until you have walked ten miles in his shoes.
 

Might not be smart, but if I'm strong,
I know for sure no one will ever prove me wrong.


The more you wait, the more the chance it will be too late.


Practise what you preach.


Our only hope to breathe again, to stop the madness closing in,
what will we do when all is lost , environmental holocaust......


Tremble you weaklings, cower in fear, I am your ruler, land sea and air.
Immense in my girth, erect I stand tall, I am a nuclear murderer,
I am Polaris.


Just because I'm not saying it, doesn't mean I'm not thinking it.


Two wrongs doesn't make a wright.


A face never lies.


Arrogance and ignorance go hand in hand.


Only the good die young.
 

Never turn your back on a friend.
 

Fight wars - Die in a blaze of glory, return home as meat in a plastic sack.


Hatred in its personified form surely is the devil itself.
Those who are weak are easily controlled by this emotion so destructive
and overpowering.
The capacity to hate lies dormant in each one of us and when in full force,
it changes who we are, as if by possession.


White thunder - A dead man you're in, so deep you'll never climb out.


If you're not now, you never were.


Am I supposed to believe everything, or just everything said by you?


How can you call me stupid when you don't understand what I say?


Who is the biggest fool, the fool or the fool who follows him?


I shed a tear I won't deny it, but just one tear and I already cried it.


The less you have, the more you gain.
 

New blood joins this earth and quickly he's subdued.
Through constant pained disgrace the young boy learns their rules.


Judge not lest ye be judged yourself.


I never said I don't like religion, I just don't like TV.


Lies and hate and agony, through my eyes is all I see.
   
 
He who lives by the sword, will surely also die by the sword.


Master, master, where's the dreams that I've been after?
Master, master, promised only lies.
 

1. Water gives life to all creating beings.
2. Water always seeks its own course.
3. Water possesses both the active courage to overcome all obstacles
   and the passive conformity to fit any container.
4. Water, clean in itself, cleanses filth and contains both pure and impure.
5. Water, expecting no repentance, grants strength and light and gives
   the immeasurable access to fertility of life.
6. Water fills the oceans, and whithout losing its being, becomes steam,
   cloud, rain, snow or fog.
To live with a mind like water grants the key to piece of mind, good health
and a long life.


Honesty is my only excuse.


Who's to say what's for me to say?
Who's to say what's for me to do?
Who's to say what's for me to be?


All in all, we're just another brick in the wall.


Doesn't matter what you see, or into it what you read.
You can do it your own way if it's done how I say.
 

I hunger after independence, lenghthen freedom's ring.


Blackened is the end,
Winter it will send,
Throwing all you see,
Into obscurity.
Death of mother Earth,
Never a rebirth,
evolution's end,
Never will it mend!


When did the truth become an offence?


No hope, no life, just pain and fear.
No food, no love, no seed, Childhood's end.


Who died and made you God?


No one but me can save myself, but it's too late.
Now I can't think, think why I should even try.
Yesterday seems as though it never existed.
Death greets me warm, now I will just say goodbye.
 

Day after day, day after day, we struck nor breath nor motion.
As idle as a painted ship uopn a painted ocean.
Water, water everywhere and all the boards did shrink.
Water, water everywhere nor any drop to drink.
One after one by the star dogged moon, too quick for groan or sigh,
each turned his face whit a ghastly pang and cursed mw with his eye.
Four times fifty living men (and I heard nor sigh nor groan) with a heavy 
thump, a lifeless lump, they drop down one by one.


The body bags and little rags of children torn in two.
And the jellied brains of those who remain to put the finger right on you.
As the madmen play on words and make us all dance to their song.
To the tune of starving millions to make a better kind of gun.


That is not dead, which can eternal lie.
Yet with strange aeons, even death may die.


O God of earth and altar, bow down and hear our cry, our earthly rulers 
faulter, our people drift and die, the walls of gold entomb us,the swords of scorn 
divide , take, not thy thunder from us, but take away our pride.


There are times when I've wondered and times when I've cried.
When my prayers were they answered at times when I've lied.
But if you asked me a question, would I tell you the truth, 
now there's something to bet on, you've got nothing to lose.


Mothr russia how are you sleeping, tells the tale of a great empire.
Turning around the old man ponders, reminiscing an age gone by.


There's no back door to heaven. 


I feel like shit, I'm sorry to say.
Do you think I like feeling this way?
Always feeliing out of place, hiding behind a smiling face.
There just ain't no pretty words can't you see it fucking hurts!
And when I feel like shit, I feel like shit!


For a price I'd do about anything, except pull the trigger.


Peace sells, but who's buying?


Leave me alone, get off my bone, 'cause I'm doing my own.


You say I need more compassion - I can forgive, I just can't forget.


Problems aren't ever solved, they're just rearranged.


Too many times - I felt so sad and lonely
Too many times - I needed someone there
Too many times - I tried to tell you something
Too many times - It seemed like noone cared
Too many times - didn't even have a second
Too many times - you thought I was much too strong
Too many times - you said the feeling wouldn't last forever
Too many times - I proved you so damn wrong!


I waited so long - for someone to take my hand, and say they understand
And I waited so long - for someone to show the way, to make a better day
And I waited so long - for someone to spare a kiss for the love I miss
And I waited so long - for someone to look me in the eye - and say it's worth
another try.


You can try to control my temper, but when I feel like shit, I feel like shit.


Everything you do, do well.


Sleep my friend and you will see that dream is my reality.
They keep me locked up in this cage, 
can't they see it's why my brain says rage?


Soldier boy, made of clay
Now an empty shell
Twentyone, only son
But he served us well
Bred to kill, not to care
Do just as we say
Finished here, greetings death
He's yours to take away


Time for lust, time for life, time to kiss your life goodbye.
Send me money, send me green, heaven you will meet.
Make a contribution, and you'll get the better seat.


Violence breeds more violence.


Now, 1984 is a reality.


Love is nowhere near the strength of hate and fear.


Freedom of choice:
Choice is made for you my friend.
Freedom of speech:
Speech is words that they will bend.
Freedom no longer frees you!


Misery is not my friend, but I break before I bend.


It's better to die on your feet, than to live on your knees.


Out for my own, out to be free.
One with my mind, they just can't see.
No need to hear things that they say.
Life is for my own, to live my own way.


Freezing
Can't move at all
Screaming 
Can't hear my call
I am dying to live 
Cry out
I'm trapped under ice.


Speak that which has not yet been spoken,
Do that which has not yet been done,
Live that life which has not yet been lived,
And if your spirit hasn't been broken,
And if you can still see the sun,
And if you to no man have kneeled, 
Then you can die a lucky man.


I'd rather feel like shit, than be full of it.
 

If you look in my heart, you'd see it, I'm trying to be something better.
If you look in my heart, you'd feel it, I've got to keep moving on.
If you look in my heart, you'd know it, I'm trying to make my world better.
If you look in my heart, you'd see it, I've got to do it on my own.


A room full of people, can't nobody hear me, can't nobody help me, I'm alone.
Notice the way I live, it's not the way I want it, but I just can't get it.


Freedom can't be legislated!


You can put a bullet through my head, but you can't kill the word I said.


The only thing worse than the fascist is the tolerance of the pacifist.


It's better to light a candle than to curse the dark.






