 To those of you who are considering buying a new or used car...

   If you are even slightly interested in any Subaru products, please read
   on.

   In 1988, my wife purchased a Subaru GL 4WD Sedan.  The car was serviced,
   as recommended by Subaru of America (SOA) every 7500 miles.  In June 1991,
   with 60,000 miles on the car, we forked out $800 for front brakes (the
   second set) and replacement of both valve cover gaskets due to massive
   oil leaks.  Five months later, in November 1991, we took the car back for
   more oil and anti-freeze leaks.  As it turned out, the car had blown head
   gaskets and a cracked water pump. The damages that time were $740. 

   After that repair, I was obviously a little annoyed.  The car had to go back
   3 more times to fix more anti-freeze and oil leaks in the next 3 months, all
   of which were fixed free of charge.  But we still smelled burning oil.

   So I took the car back one more time and they finally found it...the seal
   between the engine and transmission was leaking and they wanted another $300
   to fix it, to which I said no way!

   After some fighting and dealing with the regional service representative,
   they offered us a reasonable trade price for our 1988 towards a 1992
   Loyale (very similar car).

   Well, that was last February and here I sit this January, our 1992 Subaru
   with 16,600 miles in the shop having the engine torn down for...you guessed
   it...oil leaks from the valve cover gaskets, head gasket and cam shaft cover
   gaskets.

   I called SOA's 800 customer assistance line to complain.  After being called
   back by a supervisor I was told "That's what your warranty is for" and was
   basically brushed off as a complainer.

   But wait, I`m not done yet!  My sister leased a 1988 Subaru 4WD Wagon and
   experienced the exact same problems.  So did my sister in law.  And many
   other people I know have related stories of coworkers and friends who have
   similar problems with their Subarus.  What a coincidence! (NOT!)

   Here's the bottom line.  Subaru is what NOT to drive.  The cars are not
   built well and fall apart regardless of any attempts you make to maintain
   them.  SOA does not stand behind its product and refuses to aknowledge that
   there is a problem.  Please take my warning.  Anyone who does not believe
   me is more than welcome to see all the receipts and maintenance records for
   both cars.  I have been burned twice by Subaru and I probably should not
   have bought the second car.  But I am intent on informing as many people
   as possible about my experience and would appreciate if you all would relate
   this story to your friends and family before they even consider buying a
   Subaru.

   Thank you for your time.

   Larry Schenk,  mc 52-40
5
