1972 - 1992   DVARP Twentieth Anniversary

1892 - 1992   Philadelphia Electric Streetcar Centennial

The

Delaware Valley

	Rail Passenger



February 3, 1992

Vol. X, No. 2

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please write or call us:

P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger…

2	Bush to rail passengers: Drive a car!  

	DVARP to rail passengers:  Get involved in politics! 

3	Ninth Street:  SEPTA Board votes for shutdown after SEPTA-DVARP summit meeting.  Why does DVARP continue to fight for direct train service?

What are the problems with the DVARP plan, how is DVARP trying to solve them, and is SEPTA trying to solve them?

6	On the Railroad Lines:  Bridges keep rolling in.  Automated train schedules on your telephone now.  Repair work follows passenger comments.

RMS moves ahead on privately-run Newtown train. 

7	More SEPTA commuter news:  When will Fern Rock Trans. Center open?  Ticket machines:  the whole story.  Trespassing tickets.

9	More on the 30th Street fire:  power distribution explained.

10	In South Jersey:  Where should NJ Transit store its Trenton trains?  

Florio says no NJT fare increase: will fares become a political issue?

Passenger service for Cape May.  DVARP members supply transit info.

12	City and suburban transit news:  Subway crime down 43%: here’s why.  Take your bike on the subway: nights and weekends, get a permit.

13	Take a train trip this summer!  DVARP tells you where to get information.

14	Should trains be ready for early boarding?  John Pawson says yes. 

15	Up and Down the Corridor, Meetings of Interest.  Membership renewal.



SEPTA Schedule Change

Remember that new timetables go into effect on most of SEPTA’s city and suburban transit routes on February 23.  Be sure to pick up updated schedules at customer service locations, or call 580-7777.



Shutdown Countdown:  63 Days

The shutdown of direct train service on half of SEPTA’s commuter rail lines starts in 9 weeks.  DVARP urges affected passengers to start planning their alternate route now.  Look for alternate SEPTA routes, try the Broad St. Subway before the shutdown starts, and the first shutdown days will go smoother for everyone.  If you can use a lower-zone pass for your commute, remember to order it from your employer for April.



Bush Budget:  Highways, not Transit

The Fiscal 1993 budget proposed by the Bush Administration again demonstrates the President’s pro-highway bias.  Despite clear messages from the public and from Congress which led to the enactment of a transportation bill which for the first time expressed a balanced transportation policy, Bush’s budget would cut public transportation funds to less than FY 92 levels and transfer the money to highway programs.

We would understand cuts in public transit funding made to balance the Federal budget, but this is just the old car-first policy which got our country into transportation trouble.  George Bush still doesn’t get it.

	FY 1992	FY 1993	FY 1993

	actual spending	authorization

(passed December)	appropriation

(Bush budget)

Transit	$3.65 B	†$5.2 B	*$3.0 B

Highways	$16.4 B	$18.8 B	$19.0 B

† additional funding for Washington DC Metro construction provided separately

* includes DC Metro construction funds

SEPTA stands to lose $25 million in Federal aid; statewide, Pennsylvania transit agencies would lose $36 million.  An Inquirer article reports that Pennsylvania has missed two of the deadlines of the Clean Air Act.  The Act mandates large cuts in single-occupant automobile travel over the next few years.  Less transit and more highways will cause more air pollution— which will result in one billion dollar cut in Federal funds to Pennsylvania.

Supporters of public transportation will have to remain organized this year, to mount a campaign to declare the President’s transportation priorities “dead on arrival” and replace the Bush transportation budget with a budget including the full funding authorized by the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act.  

Fortunately, some members of Congress have already expressed their concern.  The Daily News quoted Bob Borski (D-Pa.): “I’m just outraged;” and Robert Roe (D-NJ): “It was the clear Congressional intent to increase funding for transit… and we intend to fulfill that commitment to America’s transit riders.”  Roe chairs the Public Works and Transportation Committee.  All DVARP members are urged to support their area transit coalitions, and to begin now by writing to their senators and representatives.—Chuck Bode



Political Opportunities in 1992

Many state and national officials are retiring rather than running for reelection this year.  Some of them have been strong supporters of public transportation and will be sorely missed.  In the Pennsylvania Legislature, retiring members include Gerard Kosinski, Ruth Harper, Richard Hayden, and Nicholas Maiale, all of Philadelphia; Jean Wilson of Bucks County, Peter Vroon of Chester Co., Stephen Freind and Robert Wright of Del. Co., Gus Yatron of Berks, and Jon Fox, Lois Hagerty, and Charles Nahill of Montgomery County.

Without an incumbent running for reelection, campaigns are much more competitive.  Public transportation supporters can find it easier to get their issue on the table.  DVARP will follow the political process, both on the local and on the national level.

You should do your part, too.  Political debates and candidate forums are a good opportunity to get candidates to state their views on our transportation system.  Letters to newspapers and to politicians have much more impact than most people think, so write them.  The most direct way to get action might even be to run for office yourself. —Chuck Bode, Matthew Mitchell



Ninth Street Update: DVARP-SEPTA Meeting

DVARP has continued to work on resolving the many details that are required to operate alternative service for peak-period peak-direction passengers on the R2, R3, R5, and R6 lines.  SEPTA has continued to work on determining that it cannot operate alternative train service.  This course of events led to a frustrating 2 1/2 hour meeting January 21 between SEPTA and DVARP.  Present from SEPTA were General Manager Louis Gambaccini, Deputy General Manager Howard Roberts, Assistant General Manager (Railroad) James Palmer, and Chief Transportation Officer (Railroad) Joseph Heilmen.  DVARP members at the meeting were Chuck Bode, Tom Borawski, Bob Machler, Matt Mitchell, John Pawson, and Mark Sanders.

The meeting was held at the request of SEPTA.  SEPTA wanted DVARP to understand why they believe alternate service cannot be operated and wanted to know why DVARP has been so “militant” over the line closures.  SEPTA management had prepared a slide presentation and handout for the Board detailing its side of the story and claiming that DVARP “threatens the long-term viability of railroad service to the region.” (emphasis added)

The discussion covered several general areas.  One was physical facilities— track, signals, catenary, etc. of SEPTA, Conrail, and Amtrak.  This topic became so complicated that a continuation meeting was held between Harry Garforth, Manager of Rail Planning for SEPTA, and John Pawson.  

While we were unable to reach agreement on alternative service, everyone present seemed to feel that the meeting had helped clear the air, and that future Railroad Division projects will benefit from better communications with DVARP and the passengers.  

The essence of the present problem seems to be a wide gulf between the philosophies of the DVARP Ninth St. Task Force and of SEPTA.  DVARP has cited many instances in which railroads and their workers applied themselves wholeheartedly to challenges facing their service.  Natural disasters, fores, strikes, and even reconstruction work have occasioned alternative service.  When the will was there, the many minor problems each operator faced were quickly resolved.  DVARP continues to believe that the passengers deserve good alternative service, and if the will were there, there would be a way to get it.  SEPTA seems to believe that the many minor problems make up a monumental problem so difficult that SEPTA cannot solve it.  

SEPTA’s Side

Another area of contention is the analysis of DVARP’s plan.  SEPTA’s slides contained the following statements: 

Track capacity limitations preclude any significant diesel train operation.

Conrail will permit only two am and two pm trains to use their freight route.

Amtrak will be unable to handle more than two am and two pm trains to 30th Street Station lower level.

Amtrak’s switches require outbound R6 trains to travel against the normal traffic flow to Zoo junction from North Philadelphia.  This will result in significant delays to R7 and R8 trains which also operate on this segment of track.

The alternatives proposed by DVARP do not allow for adequate train service, two proposed trains versus 18 actual trains on the R2, R3, and R5.  The DVARP proposal does not address the needs of those who ride 10 peak period trains which operate on the R7 and R8.  

A forced transfer at 30th Street Station… is more onerous than that required… at Fern Rock to the Broad Street Subway Line.  Travel time from Jenkintown Station to Suburban Station is 30 minutes via Broad Street Subway vs. 50 minutes via diesel route.

How much alternate service?

The DVARP Ninth Street Task Force spent much time trying determine what could form a reasonable alternative through service which could be put into place in the few months before the shutdown.  While DVARP has been requesting since 1986 that SEPTA offer alternative through service, we recognize that at this late time, it would be difficult to offer extensive alternative service.  Thus DVARP concentrated on the alternatives which required the least construction or repair of physical facilities.  Because capacity limitations prevented operation of all desirable trains, DVARP gave highest priority to the longest lines, which happen also to carry the most passengers.  Contrary to SEPTA’s claim that DVARP sought only two trains, pages G4 and G5 of the Appendix to DVARP’s report show 11 trains each way, while page G6 shows four peak period R6 trains each way and suggests all-day service on R6.  DVARP recognized the conflict with Conrail freight service, and made all-day service through Jenkintown a secondary priority.

DVARP also allowed for direct R7 and R8 service if resources could be found.  Page F4 of DVARP’s Appendix stated:  “DVARP urges SEPTA to select a prospective operator promptly, and to allow that firm to operate direct Newtown to Center City service over the diversion route.  The Chestnut Hill East Line joins the Ninth Street Branch at Wayne Junction.  If the Blue Line Connecting Track at Roberts Yard is repaired, R7 trains could reach the diversion route.”

More or less cooperation?

At the meeting, SEPTA indicated that it had good relations with Conrail and Amtrak at the local level.  Out of fear of causing bad relations, SEPTA does not want to request use of their facilities.  SEPTA contact with Conrail seems to have been limited to one local contact who indicated that the two privately-run Newtown trains could be operated as a favor, but that more trains would not be allowed.  Contact with Amtrak seems to have been the statement some time ago of a top Amtrak official that such operation would not be permitted.

In support of their points, SEPTA indicated that Conrail was continuing to remove connection switches to Amtrak and SEPTA tracks.  DVARP has advocated shared operation of tracks to reduce the cost to all operators.  If every operator must have its own dedicated track, then many potential services could never be justified.  This makes one ponder that with completely independent systems, what is the point of having any kind of relationship.  Removing connections makes the total rail passenger and freight system less flexible for everybody.  

We call on SEPTA, Conrail, Amtrak, NJ Transit, and other companies to work together for the common good.  If fear of bad relations is enough to prevent train services, then we may as well give up all hope now.  We recognize that adjustments and compromises are required, but that is what managers are paid to do.

The transfer point and travel time for R2, R3, and R5 passengers in the DVARP plan is the passenger’s choice.  The diesel trains can stop at Fern Rock so that passengers have the choice of using the subway or continuing on to 30th Street and transferring there if necessary.  It is operationally demanding, but possible, for the diesel trains to terminate at Suburban Station.  If the operationally-easier lower-level tracks at 30th Street are used, passengers who find the walk to the suburban platforms onerous can instead use the Broad St. Subway.  DVARP does not claim that the detour operation will be as good as the normal operation; only that we expect that many passengers will prefer the detour to what will be a crowded subway.

Next month:  Coping with the shutdown—how you and SEPTA can make it easier

Is DVARP “militant?”

The third contentious issue is why DVARP is so insistent on this alternative service, to the point of being “militant.”  The reason is quite simple.  SEPTA ignored all reasonable requests for an alternative, from 1986 to 1991.  The only way DVARP could gain SEPTA’s attention was to be more vocal.  DVARP exists for the purpose of informing the public about good rail service.  If testifying at hearings, contacting the media, distributing leaflets, and publishing a newsletter are “militant,” how does SEPTA describe the groups which obtained a court injunction delaying a transit fare increase and costing SEPTA millions of dollars?

Subway and Security

SEPTA was mistaken in their allegations that DVARP is discouraging people from riding the subway.  We exist to promote all rail transit: subway, trolley, and commuter rail, and to promote bus service as part of the total public transportation network which must be an alternative to automobile-dominated society.  DVARP wants the subway to be successful because it is the most efficient means of transportation for the market it serves.  We often hold it out as an example of the need for and benefits of reinvestment in SEPTA infrastructure.  

The security question is a non-issue with DVARP.  We agree that the subway is safe to ride, but isolated bad incidents continue to occur, and the general media continues to reinforce perceptions of danger with articles such as the January 27 Daily News story: “Reform school girls still ride the subway.”  But crime is only one of the reasons for the continued negative image of the subway among commuter rail riders.  Regardless of the reason, many of these people do not want to ride the subway, and choose to pay much more to ride commuter rail.  DVARP, alone or in conjunction with SEPTA, cannot reverse the years of negative perceptions.  

There seem to be two groups of passengers:  those we met and those SEPTA surveyed.  SEPTA says that 90% of the affected passengers are going to use the alternative service (bus, subway, or parallel rail line).  Why it is then that we have found few passengers who support SEPTA’s plan, but instead find passengers preparing to quit their Center City jobs or discovering how much money they will save in car/vanpools?  Why do we and SEPTA hear such utter outrage from passengers as far away as San Francisco?  A letter we received from an out-of-towner who goes from the Airport to Doylestown on the trains.  He is terrified of having to take his suitcases in the subway and indicated that he will have to have someone drive him.  We don’t make the bad news; we just want to remind SEPTA that there could be something they have missed out there.  

DVARP is continuing to work out the problems

The Ninth Street Task Force is continuing to work on the plan for alternate service.  One discovery is that answers from Conrail and Amtrak depend on who is asked the question.  That suggests a definite possibility for negotiations necessary for alternate service.  The exact route and timing of freight trains has a significant impact on the DVARP plan.  If the “Blue Line Connecting Track” at Roberts Yard is repaired, some of the freight trains can operate on a totally separate set of tracks from those proposed by DVARP for the alternative service.  

Another interesting discovery was the report in Progressive Railroading that Republic Locomotive is building two diesel locomotives with head-end power for SEPTA “that will initially provide power to pull passenger trains through construction areas where infrastructure is under renovation and catenary lines have been removed.”  This hasn’t been included in SEPTA’s Capital Budget; what is in the works? —CB



On the Railroad Lines…

R3

Train Schedules: Press 3 Now

SEPTA has joined Amtrak, Long Island, and other railroads by testing an automated voice mail system for train information.  Extensive information on schedules, fares, and station locations and hours can be obtained from “SEPTA InfoLink,” now testing for the R3 West Trenton and R8 Chestnut Hill West.

Dial 580-7600, and recorded menus will ask you to enter the line number and spell out the station name on your touch-tone phone.  From there, you can get schedules for inbound and outbound trains, fare information, and station information.  

As computer technology progresses, systems like this will get cheaper and more sophisticated.  Voice mail can field the routine calls, reducing costs and easing the call load on SEPTA customer service personnel.  Even if you don’t use the R3 or R8, try the line and let SEPTA know what you think.—MDM



Rydal Bridge: Another Success Story

Yet another prefabricated bridge was rolled into place last month by SEPTA, at Rydal station on the R3 West Trenton line.  Shuttle buses substituted for trains the weekend of Jan. 18-19, and R3 service was back to normal Monday morning.  Work on the bridge abutments continues.

SEPTA’s handling of the minor service disruption was improved.  Announcements were carried on the new public address system at Jenkintown Station, informing passengers of the shuttle operation and directing inbound passengers to the outbound platform.  R2 trains carrying passengers from the R3 shuttle bus did protect the R3 stop at Elkins Park by asking any passengers if they wished to alight there.—MDM



R5

Bieber Bus an Emergency Alternative

The next time power or signal failures disrupt train service, consider an alternate route on the Bieber bus line.  Northward trips leave from the Greyhound Terminal at 10th and Filbert at 9:00 am, 2:00, 4:00, 5:30, and 9:00 pm.  The buses stop in North Wales (46 minutes from Center City), Montgomeryville (50 min.), and Colmar (58 min.) on their way to Quakertown, Kutztown and Reading.  Southbound buses leave Colmar at 6:37, 7:42, 9:42, and 12:42 am, and 6:42 pm.  Call Bieber at 215-683-7333 for more information.—MDM



Fort Washington Fix-up

Regular patrons of the Fort Washington station will remember SEPTA crews painting the station last year.  Many passengers wondered why SEPTA was using the Buildings Section crew, who normally do carpentry and other repairs, to paint.  Further, why was such a "rush" job done-- no sandblasting or any other surface preparation.

Word comes from SEPTA that the crew was there to replace the roof, and that they quickly repainted the station as a stopgap until the Station Revitalization Program kicks in 1993.  So as you wait for your train and look up at the peeling paint, keep in mind that help is on the way. -Tom Borawski



R6

Minor Repairs to Tracks and Bala Station

Pallets of track plates are in place along the R6, certainly a welcome sight.  New rail has been in place, ready for installation for some time.     On the Ivy Ridge side, word comes from SEPTA that the Philadelphia side stairway at Bala Station has been condemned by the City of Philadelphia's Engineering Department. Vandals had removed the barricades sealing off these stairs.

DVARP notified SEPTA of this vandalism and the stairway was soon resealed.  DVARP members are encouraged to report such damage to SEPTA, particularly if the vandalism results in a public hazard.  With the shark-like litigious atmosphere in the country today, public agencies like SEPTA can ill-afford to pay for lawsuits which are the byproduct of a vandal's stupidity.—TB



R8

Train Schedules: Press 8 Now

For news about “SEPTA InfoLink,” please see the R3 story.



Private Operator Makes Progress With Conrail, Amtrak

At the end of January, SEPTA was due to receive bids for private, unsubsidized operation of the Fox Chase-Newtown line.  One of the interested companies, Railroad Management Services of Bear, Delaware, has obtained tentative permission from Conrail for a one-hour "window" in both morning and afternoon peaks for operation of two trains in each peak via Conrail trackage between Zoo Junction and Newtown Junction.  Similarly, RMS has the permission of Amtrak to use tentatively one track in the lower level of 30th Street Station for terminating and originating its trains.  These trains would be switched to Amtrak's Penn Coach Yard midday via the south switching lead to the lower level station.  Morning arrival times, we understand, would be 7:30 and 8:30.  RMS passengers would connect to and from SEPTA trains (possibly dedicated shuttles) for the brief ride to or from Penn Center or Market East stations.

One problem, DVARP understands, is that Conrail's expedited "orange juice" train runs northward three days per week, passing en route Zoo Junction about 7:30 am, just in the middle of the morning inbound commuter peak. —John Pawson

Fern Rock Delayed Once More

Honest folks, we weren’t speculating when we reported last month that the new Fern Rock station was about to open.  We got that information from two different SEPTA sources.  But the grand opening was delayed again, for reasons unknown.  Now we are hearing that the station may not be opened until the start of the “RailWorks” rail service shutdown.  Construction progress continues in fits and starts.  The remaining signage was installed last month, but catenary work on the third track has not been completed.—MDM



Penn Center Faces Water Threat

There's a time bomb ticking at Penn Center.  The removal of the Sheraton Hotel building has eliminated the sheltering effect which it gave to the northeast part of the station.  Rainwater now penetrates the street-level slab which floods the pedestrian concourse at intervals.  It descends to the level of the northernmost station platform.  Rust streaks can be seen.  If nothing is done in a few years, some costly structural problems may result.—JRP



Section A.  Remember Section A?

If you use Market East Station, you may find it more pleasant to use Section A of the station, the 12th Street half.  Most passengers use Section B, adjoining the Gallery.  Often you’ll have to stand in line several minutes for tickets in Section B, while nobody is waiting at the Section A window.  The Section A ticket office is open from 7 to 10 am and 3 to 7 pm.—MDM



Ticket Machine Update

SEPTA informs us that the ticket machines removed from Airport stations (see January DVRP)  were relocated to other stations, including the new Terminal A.  Duplicate machines have been relocated from other stations, too.  We are told that ridership and ticket sales figures are frequently monitored to ensure that machines are placed where they are needed most.  Some of the machines are being overhauled in preparation for placement at Center City subway stations for the “RailWorks” shutdown and detours.

SEPTA is placing revived emphasis on ensuring that all machines are working properly, rather than placing extra machines at each location.  Provided that the reliability can be improved, that’s smart management.  At this point, reliability of the machines is up by about 50%, to an average of about 2500 transactions between failures.

Unfortunately, things have actually gotten worse from the passengers’ point of view.  Machines at such important stations as Bryn Mawr, Jenkintown, and Glenside have been out of service for weeks and months at a time.  Huge red signs have been placed on many machines, blaming their condition on vandalism by the passengers.  Further vandalproofing is being installed on the machines; the job is supposed to be done by the end of March. 

Although similar machines are in use in cities worldwide and vandalism is a problem for public transit agencies in many of those cities, the machine manufacturer, Autelca/Ascom, does not make any special parts for vandalproofing; they must be fabricated almost by hand; hence the delay.  Autelca has enjoyed close to a world-wide monopoly on this type of machine, but competition from other firms entering the market may result in a more versatile and reliable machine.  

The signs say SEPTA “regrets” than the “discounted fare” is no longer available at these stations.  We say that SEPTA must get back in the commuter rail mainstream by treating the price of a pre-purchased ticket as the “base fare” and charging a higher fare only if tickets are available at the time and place of boarding.  

Transit Fare Policies 

SEPTA’s stated rationale for unavoidable penalty fares is to treat commuter rail and rapid transit passengers alike.  OK, SEPTA, if we accept this premise, will you provide commuter rail passengers with one fare instrument (a token) good for all commuter rail trips, good at all times, and never expiring?—MDM



Snow Removal:  How’s Your Station?

At most stations, shoveling snow from platforms and plowing parking lots is done by outside contractors, not SEPTA.  As a result, the quality and promptness of the work can vary greatly.  Did the contractors do an especially good or bad job at your station?  Take a moment to check, then make a note of it for SEPTA-on-Site or tell DVARP.—MDM



New Risk in Crossing Tracks

SEPTA police ticketed 32 individuals for crossing railroad tracks at Fern Rock last month.  We continue to see rail commuters crossing tracks where they are not allowed to.  Police enforcement of the law is the least of the risks these people take.  With electric power and welded track, SEPTA and Amtrak trains are very quiet.  They can run in either direction on any track, and one right after the other.  Cross tracks only where officially allowed, stop, and look.  Don’t be the next one-paragraph obituary in the paper.—MDM



DVARP gratefully acknowledges John Kline for updates on operating information; and news contributors Bob Bodan, Ron Kilcoyne, E. Everett Edwards, Don Wentzel.



30th Street:  What Caused the Chaos?

Although no printed explanation was given to the passengers, SEPTA managers have been forthcoming with details of what went wrong December 23rd, when the 30th Street fire had repercussions all over the railroad.

Power to the Center City Tunnel is controlled by SEPTA, but supplied from Amtrak substations.  Amtrak controls those substations from 30th Street.  When the fire was discovered, Amtrak personnel were evacuated from the station, and shut off the substations on the way out, causing a power outage in the tunnel and stopping service.

If power in the tunnel is cut off from the Amtrak side, SEPTA can feed power from the former Reading power supply at Wayne Junction.  The process of switching power safely takes several steps.  First, switches must be opened to isolate the power lines at Penn Center from the power lines at 30th Street.  Next, the switches at the north end of the tunnel must be closed to connect tunnel power lines with Reading-side power lines.  Power surges which can blow the circuit breakers must be avoided.  

Before any trains are moved, they must be prevented from contacting the “section break” between Penn Center and 30th Street.  Otherwise, a train pantograph could span the gap between the two sets of wires and energize the 30th Street wires, which would be very dangerous to firefighters or others at 30th Street.  

That explains the initial service disruption of about 2 hours.  Once the first Reading-side trains were taking the stranded passengers home, a different set of problems came up.  First, incoming trains had to be turned around, without using the switches west of Penn Center, and the traffic jam in the tunnel cleared out.  Second, trains and crews had to be found to run the subsequent trains.   Crews had to eventually get back to the station where they reported for work.  SEPTA also had to comply with Federal regulations limiting crew hours on duty and requiring specified rest periods before the next day’s operation.   These problems led to the second round of annullments.

Some of those annullments probably could have been prevented had SEPTA been willing or capable to.  The ordinary railroad practice is to transport crews by taxi or supervisor’s car if they must go on or off duty away from their normal reporting location.  With no trains running to Pennsy-side points except for the R5 shuttle trains, at least some crews had to be taxiied.  Did cost limit the shuttling of crews or could SEPTA managers not sort out the crew chaos in time to run the trains?—MDM



SEPTA Board News:  Casey’s Representative Seated

Recently seated on the SEPTA Board was Patrick McCarthy, Governor Casey’s appointee.  McCarthy is a Center City lawyer and former political staffer.  The seat was vacant for several months following Patrick Swygert’s resignation move to New York.

In other Board matters, the Wednesday meeting schedule may change for the convenience of Board appointees who are members of the state legislature.  All four of the new appointees were absent from last month’s meeting.  A parliamentary procedure called the “consent calendar” has streamlined Board meetings at the expense of public accountability.  Most issues are discussed by the Board in committee meetings, then presented for approval at the public meeting as a package.—MDM,CB



Happy Birthday, Reading Market!

The Reading Terminal Market is a century old this month.  DVARP wishes the market and its merchants continued success, and thanks them for their support.  DVARP maintains two information boards in the market. 



NJT

Florio Budget: No Fare Increase

The 1992-93 New Jersey budget proposed by Governor Florio includes sufficient funding for NJ Transit to avoid a fare increase on bus or rail.  Florio also supported continued funding for capital improvements, pitching their job creation benefits.  The budget goes to the Republican-controlled legislature, where transit funding may be cut in favor of a tax rollback.  Garden State residents should contact their Senators and Assembly members to urge support for transit funding.—MDM



Cape May Rail Operator Addresses DVARP:	Shuttle Service in 1993 Projected

Cape May Seashore Lines President Tony Macrie was a special guest at DVARP’s January General Meeting.  Macrie detailed plans for his firm’s planned operation of passenger trains to the tip of the Jersey Shore, correcting and expanding on reports which appeared in last month’s DVRP.  

CMSL has exclusive rights to operate passenger trains on the Cape May Line.  Southern Railway of New Jersey has exclusive freight operating rights.  Macrie is making good progress towards the goal of running trains from a park and ride site at Wildwood Jct. eight miles to a terminal near the beach in Cape May.  Local officials in Cape May County have been  highly supportive of the operation, which is expected to reduce congestion caused by beach-bound auto traffic.

Macrie gave honest appraisals of track and structure conditions and described the difficulties of starting a short line passenger operation.  NJ Transit demanded much documentation, such as business and marketing plans, before granting an operating agreement, and required extensive insurance coverage as a condition of the contract. NJT and CMSL now have a good working relationship; local political support helped greatly in overcoming any bureaucratic obstacles.  Macrie had high praise for Cape May officials.  

On the right-of-way, the track obstructions at Rio Grande will be removed soon.  No other encroachments on the line were reported, even in Cape May.  The track is rated FRA Class 2, allowing 30 mph passenger operation.  Rail is in good shape; some ties need replacement.  Grade crossing protection remains intact.  The only significant problem is repair of the moveable bridge over the Cape May Canal.  The private operator is responsible for any necessary improvements to the physical plant, though all those  improvements immediately become the property of NJ Transit.  

There is little hope for restoration of train service to Ocean City, NJ anytime soon.  While the right-of-way is still clear, many of the trestles and bridges carrying the tracks to the barrier island town are in dreadful condition.  Macrie called the job of repairing those structures “monumental.”

Continuing the train service north to a connection with the Atlantic City line is also unlikely to happen soon.  The Tuckahoe to Winslow Jct. track (Conrail’s Beasley’s Point Secondary) would need capital improvements which CMSL is not in a position to finance.  The line continues to carry freight, including Conrail coal and oil trains to the Beasley’s Point electric plant.—MDM



New Camden Ferry Set to Open

Opening day for the privately-operated ferry service from Penn’s Landing in Philadelphia to the New Jersey State Aquarium in Camden is scheduled for March 31.



NJT to Extend Corridor Trains?

A DVARP member reports that tracks in Morrisville Yard area are being reelectrified.  Apparently, NJ Transit intends to store some of its cars it the  Bucks County location.  The Newark Star-Ledger reported political objections to locating the yard out of state.  The article reported that NJT will spend $21 million for the facility, and has awarded a $2.4 million contract for its design.  NJT currently stores 55 cars just north of Trenton on property leased from Amtrak.  26 more cars are stored in New Brunswick, requiring 24 miles of non-revenue running twice a day that costs $500,000 per year.  Storage tracks at Trenton station are surrounded by environmentally-protected wetlands.

As would be expected, politicians want the facility to be built in their own districts to benefit from the jobs created.  Both Burlington and Camden counties have been proposed locations.  Locating the yard here could lead to resumption of passenger train service on at least part of the Camden-Bordentown-Trenton (C-B-T) line, a long-time DVARP goal.  But the C-B-T line is not electrified, and electrification is probably not justified.  Only three of the NJT Corridor trains are diesel-powered.   

We offer a few thoughts on the issue.  First, at least some of the difficulty seems to be with the NJT lease from Amtrak of the current yard near Trenton.  That should be a non-issue.  It is long-past time that Amtrak, NJT, and SEPTA all work together for the common good of all agencies and all passengers.  Attempts to profit at the expense of the other carriers are in the long run costly.  “Turf battles” help no one, the passengers least of all.  

Second, the need for additional storage facilities could be eliminated and deadhead mileage converted to revenue mileage in either of two ways.  1)  Extend the three diesel trains over the C-B-T line to Pennsauken, then connect to the Atlantic City line at Pennsauken and service the trains at 30th Street Station.  2)  Extend the trains via the “Trenton Cut-off” and use SEPTA’s Frazer facility.  Either plan would be a more productive use of the $21 million.—CB



South Jersey Transit Update

Thanks to members James Thornton and Kevin Korrell, we now have learned the fate of the intercity transit routes mentioned in last month’s DVRP.   The Burlington County Transit routes from South Jersey to South and Northeast Philadelphia appear to have been abandoned for lack of ridership.  

The Gloucester County routes continue to operate on abbreviated routes and schedules.  Federal subsidies were cut off when the area was reclassified from rural to urban in 1984.  Contact Gloucester County Transportation, P.O. Box 337, Woodbury, NJ  08096 for service details.  

The Garden State Coachways service to New York is now operated by Atlantic Express.  They continue to operate to and from the park and ride lot at Westhampton (NJTP exit 5), but have revised service south of there.  Some buses currently run to Willingboro.

Another service was brought to our attention; it may be very useful for connections at 30th Street Station.  New Jersey Southern has one round trip daily from Willingboro, Moorestown and Mount Laurel, and Cherry Hill to Center City and Amtrak’s station.  The inbound bus leaves Willingboro each weekday at 6:50 am and arrives 30th Street at 7:47; the return trip leaves 30th and Market (NW corner) at 5:05 pm, arriving Willingboro at 6:08.  One way fare: $2.50.  Call 609-764-1101 for details.

All New Jersey Transit bus schedules changed on January 4.  NJT has extended its 552 Wildwood/Cape May bus to the Atlantic City Rail Terminal, making connections to the shore train service possible.  Call NJT at 1-800-582-5946 (NJ only) or 215-569-3752 for schedules and more information.—CB, MDM



BSS

Crime Down on Subways

Statistics released by SEPTA show a big decrease in serious crimes reported on the Broad Street and Market-Frankford lines in 1991.  The number of incidents fell from 1,191 in 1990 to 675 last year, a decrease of 43 percent.  Much of the decrease can be attributed to the late-night closing of subway lines which began last spring.  SEPTA did not release any figures on crimes against passengers waiting on the street for substitute bus service.  The SEPTA statistics count only crimes occurring within trains and stations; for example, the gold-chain murder at Fern Rock last fall was not included in the figures.  

Other factors contributing to the decline in crime were the addition of K-9 units to the SEPTA Police force, and continuing redeployment of police forces.  A further decline should be expected this year, due both to the subway being closed late at night all year and the added security patrols expected during the diversion of Regional Rail passengers onto the subway.  The bottom line is that at most hours and at most places, the subway is safe to ride, so long as passengers use common sense.—MDM



Bike-on-Subway in ‘92

SEPTA has extended the Bike-on-Rail Program to the Broad St. and Market-Frankford lines.  Passengers with a valid permit can take bicycles on board the subway and elevated trains only after 7:00 pm weekdays, but all day Saturday and Sunday and certain holidays.

Permits must be applied for in person at SEPTA’s 841 Chestnut St. customer service office; there is a $5.00 fee.  Permits are valid through Dec. 31, 1992.  Permits are also available at Wilmington Station to Delaware residents only.  Cyclists must read and agree to the rather extensive list of rules and policies.—MDM



MFSE

8th Street Held Hostage: Week 9

Despite the new City administration, the City-maintained escalator at 8th and Market Sts. SEPTA/PATCO station is still out of service.  Signs on the station headhouse say the escalator was to be shut down for repairs for four weeks beginning November 11.  —MDM



SSL

Diversion March 7-8

Construction in the subway-surface tunnel will mean diversion of trolleys to 40th and Market the weekend of March 7 and 8.  Green Line management began informing passengers of the diversion more than a month in advance, a first in the memory of DVARP correspondents who use the line.  Allow extra travel time to and from West Philadelphia those days.—MDM



SEPTA Drops Exchange Coupon 

Ever since SEPTA began its policy of allowing City TransPass holders to ride off-peak Regional Rail trains for free within City limits, passengers have had to obtain free “TransPass Exchange Coupons” and surrender them on board the train.  SEPTA eliminated this requirement January 1.  Now passengers need only show their City pass.  The free ride policy is a terrific bargain for City residents, especially in the Northeast, Germantown, Mount Airy, and Chestnut Hill.—MDM



TRANSIT NOTES:  Remember that many City Transit and Red Arrow schedules will change on February 23.  See January’s DVRP for highlights.  SEPTA’s Dial-a-Schedule answering machine is back in service.  Call 580-7777, leave your name and address and what route schedules you need on the tape.  

SEPTA plans a minor extension to Route 50 in South Philadelphia.



Planning a trip this summer?  Take a train overseas… 

Now is the time to get information from the railways of the countries about destinations, schedules, and rail passes.  Various rail guides and maps, plus the Thomas Cook European Timetable, are available at Rand McNally, 17th and Market Sts., Philadelphia.  Here is a partial list of U.S. offices of foreign railways.

Rail Europe (Eurailpass™ and passes for railways of most European countries): 

   226 Westchester Ave., White Plains, NY  10604  1-800-345-1990 or (914) 682-5172

British Rail:  1500 Broadway, New York, NY  10036-4015  (212) 575-2667

SNCF (France):  610 Fifth Av., New York, NY  10020  (212) 582-2816

German Federal Railways:  747 Third Av., New York, NY  10017  (212) 308-3106

Italian State Railways:  666 Fifth Av., New York, NY  10036  (212) 397-2667

Austrian Federal Railways:  545 Fifth Av., New York, NY  10017

Belgian National Railways:  745 Fifth Av., New York, NY  10051

Swiss Federal Railways:  608 Fifth Av., New York, NY  10020  (212) 757-5944

Netherlands Railways:  576 Fifth Av., New York, NY  10036  (212) 245-5320

Japan Railways Group:  45 Rockefeller Center, Room 1961, New York, NY  10111  

	(212) 757-9070

VIA Rail Canada:  see your travel agent or call 1-800-561-3949



…or take an all-American train!

Here at home, Amtrak has released its 1992 Travel Planner.  You can pick one up at 30th Street or other Amtrak stations or travel agencies.  Special fare plans are a recession-fighting bargain for you and your family.  If you wish to travel to more than one destination, Amtrak’s fares beat any plane.  The new air-rail plan lets you travel one way by train, the other by plane, at a price that’s sometimes less than even the heavily-restricted airfares.  The All-Aboard-America ticket gives you three stopovers:  coast to coast for only $339, east-midwest only $269, as far as Chicago, New Orleans, or Florida for only $189.  Fares are even lower before May 21.

Reservations for summer-season Amtrak trains fill up quickly.  Call early (1-800-USA-RAIL) for lowest fares and best choice of travel dates, or see your travel agent.  



CORRECTION:  Amtrak will only be testing the Swedish X2000 train on the Northeast Corridor, and has not yet committed to any specific technology, tilting or non-tilting.  



DVARP Telephone Directory

If you have suggestions, questions, or ideas, please write or call DVARP.  Below is an partial list of phone numbers of DVARP officers and committee chairs.

215-222-3373  DVARP main number (answering machine on this line)

215-222-3373  Chuck Bode, President and Light Rail Committee

215-855-3996  Tom Borawski, Vice-President-Transportation

215-222-3373  Robert H. Machler, Vice President-Administration

	for questions about membership status & renewal

215-386-2644  Sharon Shneyer, Vice President-Public Relations

215-782-8826  Mark Sanders, Treasurer

215-659-7736  John Pawson, Commuter RR Committee (6 to 9 pm, please)

215-885-7448  Matthew Mitchell, Transit Committee and Ninth St. Task Force

215-353-0930  Bob Bodan, Octoraro Task Force



Boarding the 5:17 at 5:08:  A Lost Amenity?

Non-commuters may not understand this, but veteran center city commuters will.  After a hard day of work, few amenities of a well-run commuter service are as immediately satisfying as being able to board one's train well before the advertised departure time.  No enduring the cold or heat on the station platform.  No standing on concrete as if for a subway train.  No jostling to board.  Just board at will and catch up on your reading or relax.

This amenity is still available at most downtown commuter train terminals.  At Hoboken, the writer recently boarded two different commuter trains 15 minutes early.  A Metra story in the trade press notes one train which can be boarded 22 minutes before scheduled departure.

SEPTA still runs a handful of afternoon peak trains to the ex-Pennsyvania side of its regional rail system which retain this amenity.  Checking a 4:50 Parkesburg Limited at Penn Center recently, we found that departure track five was indicated at least 12 minutes before departure.  Some fifty passengers already had boarded the train.

Could this amenity be extended to Reading-side commuters from Penn Center Suburban Station, the station of choice for about 70% of SEPTA's downtown commuters?  Yes, for a significant number, it is possible.  Eastbound track one at the station has the capacity to offer such early boarding for those who use the trios of major expresses on R5, R2 and R3 North.  These trains appear to be used by about half of the Reading-side commuters.  Meanwhile, the locals on these lines and the R7, R6 and R1 trains (nearly all of which come through from the Pennsy side) could move on track two in the usual fashion.

It is true that Market East borders would not be advantaged and that the small number who board at 30th Street would be inconvenienced.  However, it is a greater-good-for-the-greater- number percentage play.  To some extent, it would convert the present exasperating quasi-rapid-transit operation back into a more satisfying commuter rail service again.  It may help to regain some of the 25% of the commuters who were lost to the system during the early 1980's. -JRP  



Videocameras Cut Vandalism, Fraud on Buses

SEPTA is expanding its test program of videocameras on buses.  Initiated to combat fraudulent claims, the cameras also deterred window-scratching and other vandalism by schoolchildren.  50 more buses are to be equipped at a cost of $2,500 each.  The systems pay for themselves quickly, considering the high cost of investigating and settling accident claims against the City Transit Division.  Bus windows call $400 each, installed.  As the program grows, tales of abuse like the 34 people who sued SEPTA for injuries suffered in the crash of a bus carrying only 11, will hopefully become a thing of the past.—MDM



Books Noted:  High Speed Rail

Supertrains: Solutions to America’s Transportation Gridlock proposes high-speed rail as the answer to traffic and environmental problems caused by overuse of highways and airports.  Author Joseph Vranich describes rail advances overseas and asks why they haven’t been duplicated in America.  His answer is that highway and airline interests, beneficiaries of billions of dollars of government subsidies, have derailed this competing mode.  The story of the “airline-airport-aerospace industrial complex” and its hidden subsidies is one which needs wider telling.  The foreword is by novelist Tom Clancy, who foreshadows a crisis matching those in his thrillers should a balanced transportation policy be further delayed.  



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern Commuter Rail and Rail Transit Services

New York to Delay Capital Spending?

State budget problems are leading New York politicians to consider going back on their policy of funding MTA capital needs for six years at a time.  SEPTA GM Louis Gambaccini has often pointed to that predictable funding as a system where reconstruction and expansion of the system can be planned in advance, and costly restructuring of projects because of funding cuts can be avoided.



New Homeless Policy is Working

Efforts in New York to get homeless persons out of rail stations and other transportation facilities have not had the dire consequences predicted by plan opponents.  Because the stepped-up enforcement was accompanied by increased outreach by social service agencies, the persons affected have been entering treatment rather than languishing on the streets.



Meetings of Interest

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Feb. 15, 1:00 pm at Temple University Center City, 1616 Walnut St., Philadelphia.  Look for room assignment in building lobby.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Feb. 18, 5:45 pm, in SEPTA Board Room.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Feb. 19, at 69th St. and Norristown.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed., Feb. 19, 216 Moore, University of Pennsylvania, 33rd and Walnut, Phila.  Topic:  Dallas Light Rail Communications and Signalling.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Route 50 Extension: Feb. 20.

Institute for Cooperation in Environmental Management Delaware Valley Air Initiative:  Fri., Feb. 21, 9:00 am, at Ben Franklin House, 834 Chestnut St., Philadelphia.  Info:  Richard Cook, 215-829-9470

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Wed., Feb. 26, 3:00, in SEPTA Board Room, Third Floor, 714 Market St., Philadelphia. 

Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission Board meeting:  Thur. Feb. 27, 10:30 am, at the Bourse Building, 21 South Fifth St. (8th floor)

Civic League of New Castle County (Del.) Forum on Transportation and the Environment:

Sat., Feb. 29, 8:30 am, New Castle County Police Headquarters, 3601 Dupont Highway. (DART routes 17 & 22)  Info:  Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association:  Thurs., Mar. 5, 6:30 pm at Wilmington Station.  

Info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed., Mar. 11.  Topic:  SEPTA Central Control.

NARP Region 3 Meeting:  Sat., Mar. 14, noon to 5 at Showboat Hotel-Casino, Atlantic City.  Luncheon $25 in advance, $30 at door.  For reservations, send check (payable to NJARP) to Doug Bowen, 450 S. 7th, Hoboken, NJ  07030.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Mar. 21.

SEPTA on Site (Railroad):  Thursdays 7:00 to 9:00 am, alternating between Suburban Station (Feb. 20, Mar. 5)  and Market East (Feb. 13 and 27)



DVARP Membership Renewals Coming In

Almost half of DVARP’s members have renewed their memberships so far.  If you haven’t done so yet, please do so by sending a check to DVARP, P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, 19101.  Write your member number (found on your mailing label) on your check to speed processing.

DVARP Membership renewal categories and rates for 1992:

Regular (R)	$15.00	Family (F: 1 mailing, 2 votes)	$20.00

Supporting (Q)	$25.00	Sustaining (S)	$50.00

Patron (N)	$75.00	Benefactor (B)	$100.00

Under 21, over 65, retired, or unemployed (A)	$7.50

Family membership label codes:  supporting: #, sustaining: &, patron: *, benefactor: $;

Code P is for a non-member subscription to The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger ($15.00), L is for library rate ($5.00).



