The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

Electronic Edition

July  1993

Vol. XI, No. 7



Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the 

interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present 

and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern 

Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



The Electronic Edition is published as a service to the network community.  

You can support our continued efforts in bringing this newsletter to you by 

joining DVARP.  Introductory membership for the remainder of 1993 is $7.00.



Current DVARP newsletter access points:

by mail:  The RAILROAD List (brought to you by Geert K. Marien)

  to have newsletter sent to you, send the message:

  GET DVARP 9307 RAILNEWS to LISTSERV@CUNYVM (BITNET)

    or LISTSERV@CUNYVM.CUNY.EDU

  for an index, send the message:  INDEX RAILNEWS

by FTP:  (courtesy of Dr. Bob Wier, East Tennesee State Univ.)

  FTP to hipp.etsu.edu, directory pub/railroad/dvarp

by modem:  (Railnet BBS)

  216-786-0476, serial settings 2400-8-N-1

Thanks to all our supporters!



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373



President: Chuck Bode	contents: page 2

Editor: Matthew Mitchell	

for other officers and committee chairs, see page 19



Chestnut Hill West trains were faster in 1893 than in 1993!

See John Pawson's special report on page 6



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger.

1	Ride with us on the new Norristown car!

2	SEPTA threatens 6-7% fare hike if Harrisburg , Washington fail to 

send more money.

3	RailWorks Roundup:  Construction progress OK, Ridership-NOT! 

5	On the Railroad Lines:  minor RRD service restorations, keep away 

from 13th St.

6	Chestnut Hill line was faster in 1893 than in 1993!

9	Privatization stories from SEPTA, New Jersey

11	The shuttle to "El"

12	SEPTA, private operators present Newtown plans: is a Willow Grove 

routing rational?

14	DVARP members report on RailWorks diesel detour service.

17	ICE and X2000 offer competing high-speed visions, NJT reports 

ridership gain.

18	Dates of Interest:  DVARP annual picnic slated for August 21.  

Newsletter index now available.

19	Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory:  get your newsletter by 

computer!



entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP, 

except photos (C) 1993 credited photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are notnecessarily 

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373



DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  

Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1993!    

Name	

Address	

City, State, Zip	

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

	DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00 	(  ) Family:  $20.00	(  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00	(  ) Patron: $75.00	(  ) Benefactor: $100.00

		(  ) Introductory rate-new members only: $7.00	



On Board the N-5	by Matthew Mitchell

The first of SEPTA's oft-delayed and controversial Norristown High-Speed 

Line cars has been in regular revenue service for several months now, and 

the remaining 25 cars of the order are starting to arrive on the property.  

Will passengers find the new rolling stock worth the wait?  Let's take a 

ride from 69th Street to Bryn Mawr to find out.

Operator's control panel of the N-5 car.	file photos

Before the rush-hour "tripper" leaves the terminal, we look at the 

operator's control panel, which looks more complex than that of either the 

vintage 1924-33 equipment which raced up and down the P&W for over half a 

century or the ex-Chicago and Market-Frankford trains which now provide 

most of the Norristown service.  

But in fact, operation of the N-5s is not complicated. A single master 

controller operates both power and brakes, and must be held down by the 

operator to prevent actuation of the "deadman" emergency brake.  Over a 

score of switches control lights, doors, and other accessories.  Controls 

for these functions were scattered throughout the cab of the old equipment, 

and their operation could be idiosyncratic.

The biggest change in operation compared to the old cars is the presence of 

a cab signal system.  Once the fixed component of the signal equipment is 

fully in place, a series of lights on the perimeter of the speedometer (top 

center of instrument panel) will indicate the maximum authorized speed.  

Should that be exceeded, the brakes will be automatically be applied.



SEPTA Threatens Fare Increase

SEPTA Treasurer Feather Houstoun revealed to the media last week that the 

transit agency will seek a fare increase of 6 to 7 percent if state 

appropriations to SEPTA remain at proposed levels.  She and General Manager 

Lou Gambaccini repeated the warning at the June meeting of the SEPTA Board.

The form of that fare increase has yet to be disclosed.  Houston reports 

that SEPTA does not intend to raise the $1.50 transit base fare, so the 

burden will fall on regular transit riders and on commuter rail riders.  

The last two fare increases each hit the railroad twice as hard as it hit 

the transit divisions.  

While DVARP hopes that the needed subsidy dollars will materialize, we will 

prepare for fare hearings in the fall.-MDM 



DVARP Harrisburg Kit Headed Your Way

DVARP will be sending its Pennsylvania members a kit to help you lobby for 

needed funding for transit when the summer recess is over for the House and 

Senate [near Thanksgiving, some summer!] in Harrisburg. It may be part of a 

newsletter or a separate mailing.  Watch for it. In the mean time those who 

know your Representative and Senator's phone number should be calling them 

often enough to make them think you're an inlaw.-TB



Fumo Bill Sunk For Summer

The Pennsylvania legislative stalemate caused by the death of Sen. Frank 

Lynch (D-Phila.) resulted in the demise of legislation which would have 

sharply changed the makeup of the SEPTA Board and its powers.  The Senate 

is expected to stay in recess until November, so a special election can be 

held to fill Lynch's seat and control of the chamber will not pass to the 

Republicans.

In the aftermath of the legislative session, the intent of the bill pushed 

by Sen. Vince Fumo (D-Phila.) became clearer.  It's no secret any more that 

the powerful Fumo wants Lou Gambaccini ousted as head of SEPTA.  His bill 

would grant sole power for hiring and firing the General Manager to a 

"qualified majority" made up of four of the five Harrisburg appointees to 

the SEPTA Board (one each by the Democratic and Republican leaders of each 

house of the Legislature and one Governor's appointee).

Fumo also wants the Harrisburg politicians to have control over no-bid 

contracts for professional services.  The first months of Tom  Hayward's 

era as Chairman have been marked by fierce behind-the-scenes struggles over 

fat fees for financial and legal services.  If SEPTA floats a multi-billion 

dollar bond issue to pay for capital improvements, the underwriting 

commissions will be a huge plum to be handed to the political allies of 

those who control the Board.-MDM 



RailWorks(R) Roundup

RailWorks(R) is a registered trademark of SEPTA.



Construction on Schedule

SEPTA PR flyers continue to report that contstruction crews replacing eight 

bridges, finishing two stations, and renewing railroad infrastructure are 

right on schedule for reopening the railroad on September 5.

An important milestone will be reached early next month.  All of the North 

Philadelphia streets closed for bridge reconstruction are slated to open 

August 5.  If that target is made, then the odds are good that our trains 

to Center City will be back on time.



Ridership Loss Worries

News accounts are repeating what we said here a year ago: that SEPTA is in 

big trouble because RailWorks ridership losses were worse than SEPTA's 

predictions.

While the worry has not yet turned to panic at SEPTA headquarters, dramatic 

actions are called for.  Once the railroad reopens, a stepped-up 

advertising campaign will be launched to try to win back those who turned 

to their cars or stopped going to Center City because of the rail shutdown.

To date, the RailWorks PR machine has  spent much of its time and money 

placating residents in the North Philadelphia construction area.  A half-

dozen RailWorks information centers have been opened in neighborhood 

community centers, while SEPTA has given money to programs such as 

Concerned Black Men (a youth mentoring program).  Will this make a real 

difference in the progress of the construction and boost SEPTA ridership in 

North Philadelphia, or is this just a new form of patronage?



 DVARP passenger counts conducted at Fern Rock indicate those commuters who 

completely abandoned the RailWorks alternatives did so again.  Unlike last 

year, the afternoon outbound station rush hour count is below 4000, 

hopefully due to diesel service patronage.  

Technical note-DVARP is conducting its counts using a new system based on 

an Intel 8051-family microcontroller and an Epson real time clock IC, and 

built by multital-ented volunteer Tom Borawski. 



"West Doyminster" Vanpool 

by Tom Borawski

(The story you are about to hear is true; the names were changed to obscure 

the guilty)

DVARP interviewed the operator of a van pool which runs between Center City 

and West Doyminster.  As an "end of the line" van pool, it is superior to 

SEPTA in time competitiveness, having a ten minute advantage over the 

railroad in gross terms and the added advantage of door-to-door service.  

The limited-or lack- of express service to West Doyminster is keenly felt.

(picture of vanpool flyer)

The economics of the van pool work out to be even with the railroad when 

the van has more than ten riders.  Currently the West Doyminster Van Pool 

is using a luxury van which with parking and gas costs $1450 per month to 

operate.  Substituting a nonluxury van will bring the van pool's costs down 

to $1300 per month.

There is one other factor to van pool operation which gives hope that 

despite the economic and chronological disadvantages the railroad has, lost 

riders will be regained: administering van pools is a pain.  Someone has to 

organize the riders. Someone has to deal with maintenance.  Someone has to 

pay the bills.  Hopefully after Railworks, that someone will have reliable 

and time-competitive train service so that the headaches of the van pool 

can go away and the streets of West Doyminster are one van less crowded. 



Direct Service Difficulties

SEPTA has had a very hard time trying to keep its RailWorks alternative 

direct diesel train service running reliably.  While the morning trains 

have racked up a fair record, the first two months of homeward service have 

been plagued by equipment problems which have on several occasions led to 

cancellation of trains.  DVARP members Larry DeYoung and Matthew Mitchell 

report their experiences, beginning on page 14. 



Temple Station Cost:: The Review Was Untrue 

by Tom Borawski

In previous DVRP articles (March, May) we reported that the cost of the 

Temple University Station was $37 million.  As mentioned in March, we got 

that information from the Winter '93 Temple University Review which printed 

the following: "Also under construction is the new SEPTA Rail Station at 

10th and Berks.  The Federal Government is contributing $36.7 million for 

this project, while Temple is providing $300,000."  Those figures were 

repeated in the Spring Review, along with a photo of the artwork to be put 

up in the station.  As reported last month, those figures are wrong.  

Fred Mlynarski, SEPTA's AGM for Engineering and Construction writes:

The cost for the new Temple University Station is NOT $37 million as 

reported by DVARP.  Thirty-seven million was the engineer's estimate for 

the entire RailWorks GC-2T contract which includes not only the new station 

work, but also replacement of 6 bridges, 2.5 miles of new track, extensive 

retaining wall repairs and numerous other non-station construction items.  

The station elements of this contract were estimated to cost $4.1 million, 

with station features of the bridge replacements at Berks and Norris 

Streets adding another $3.0 million, for a total station cost estimate of 

$7.1 million.

The above figures are all pre-contract award estimates. The actual final 

cost of the new station is significantly lower as the winning low bid for 

RailWorks contract GC-2T was $26.7 million.  The low bid price for the 

station work and station features associated with Berks and Norris Street 

bridges was $6.0 million.  This cost, $6.0 million, is the figure DVARP 

should use as the cost of the new Temple University Station.

DVARP contacted Ruth Schultz, editor of the Review, who acknowledged that 

$37 million was not the cost of the station.  We did not receive word if 

Temple is going to print a correction.  DVARP thanks AGM Fred Mlynarski for 

setting the record straight. 



Newsstand Reply

Richard DiLullo, SEPTA's Marketing manager replies to the May DVRP story 

about Remington's News Service's loss of the Suburban Station newsstand 

concession.  He writes, "...the article titled 'Railworks is Killing Me!' 

gives the impression that the Remington Newsstand lost their lease because 

of RailWorks.  Remington asked SEPTA to rebid their location.  [in hopes 

that the reduced number of passing commuters would result in a cheaper 

lease rate]  Bradd Allen Bookstores subsequently submitted the highest bid 

and was awarded the location." 



TIP Process Ripped

NARP News reports on testimony given by Robert Molfsky, who represents the 

Amalgamated Transit Union, before the U.S. House Public Works and 

Transportation Subcommittee.  He criticized the Delaware Valley Planning 

Commission for giving the public an inadequate opportunity for involvement 

in planning decisions. 

Molofsky said: "[DVRPC] gave the public just one week to comment on its 

first Transportation Improvement Program and no opportunity to comment on 

its [clean air] conformity analysis."  He also cited the lack of SEPTA 

representation on the DVRPC board, "How (will) a voice for flexibility...be 

heard if the leading transit authority in the area is not on the MPO?"-TB 



How About "Star SEPTA?"

According to the Norristown Times Herald, emergency cellular telephone 

service is operating on the entire length of the Blue Route in Montgomery & 

Delaware counties.  Motorists dial *12 for road assistance.  The paper does 

not mention who is funding the free service. 

A companion service-say dial *SEPTA-for transit alternatives and scheduling 

sounds like a worthy project for ISTEA funds.  The DVRPC TIP contains many 

park and ride projects along the Blue Route.  Drivers will need the 

information tools to finish the job.-TB 



News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, Chuck 

Bode, 

Tom Borawski, Don Nigro, John Pawson.



On the Railroad Lines.

Number please?

RRD is renumbering its Silverliner IV cars to the 400 series in conjunction 

with a program to remove PCB's from transformers, according to Peter Hanlon 

of SEPTA.



R1: Extra Elkins Stop

The first train in the morning, number 5501 now stops at Elkins Park, 

southbound, at 5:47 am.  

*SEPTA says the Jenkintown pedestrian subway is scheduled to be repainted.  

The graffiti in it has gotten much worse recently.



R2  211 Abandonment?

SEPTA has scheduled a public hearing this month on its proposal to abandon 

the Route 211 bus, which extends the R2 service from Warminster to Ivyland.  

Ridership is not up to expectations, in good part because the service 

reliability has been abysmal.  Bus trips have often been missed, or failed 

to make the advertised train connections.  See page 18 for hearing time and 

place.



R3   Extra West Trenton Train

SEPTA has extended inbound train 9391, which now originates at West Trenton 

at 6:43 am and makes all stops to Fern Rock.

*SEPTA has been unable to meet its reliability goals with the afternoon 

direct diesel service from 30th Street to West Trenton.  See RailWorks 

Roundup for more.



R5    Overbrook Station Grant

 The Inquirer reports that the "Ice Tea Act" is the funding source for 

$800,000 of a million-dollar project to restore the historic Overbrook 

station, with the remainder coming from state and local sources.  The paper 

reports that the Overbrook station restoration was among 44 Pennsylvania 

projects (9 from our region) in the initial batch of ISTEA awards. 



R6     Norristown Sidings Out

SEPTA has removed some unused freight sidings in the vicinity of Elm Street 

Station.  Rails are already rusty on sections of the line. 



R8     Rails to Trash?

The Inquirer reports that a seven mile link of a proposed Pittsburgh to 

Washington (PA) Rails-to-Trails project is "littered with furniture, tires, 

refrigerators, animal carcasses and other refuse."

 The paper notes that the corridor is "lined by 17 illegal dumps that 

contain about 1000 tons of trash." No information regarding use of the 

trail by motorcycle enthusiasts was given. 



STD     MontCo Shares 125a Credit

When we reported onthe new 125a bus to Collegeville, we failed to mention 

the support of Montgomery County, which is covering half of any deficits in 

the route's trial operation.



MFSE     13th St.: Use Caution!

Though the Rendell Administration is trying to coax homeless persons out of 

the concourse outside the eastbound subway station at 13th Street, the 

encampment continues, and in fact has expanded all the way to 12th St., 

creating a health and safety hazard for passengers entering or exiting 

there at all hours.

Therefore, our warning to passengers is still on.  If you are traveling to 

or from 13th St., or Juniper Subway-Surface station, enter or exit only 

through the westbound subway entrance (on the north side of Market) and 

cross under through Juniper Station to access the eastbound platform.-MDM



SSL     Nightowls Skip Juniper

SEPTA is now closing Juniper Subway-Surface station from 12:30 to 5:00 am.  

SEPTA wants to be able to lock up the 13th Street subway station during 

those hours, but was unable to previously, since passenger had to be able 

to access Juniper.



CTD     More Bus & Trolley Changes 

Only a month after the delayed implementation of the spring City Transit 

Division schedules, summer schedules took effect last month.  Why?  Because 

school's out and workers are taking vacations (SEPTA workers too!) and we 

don't need as much peak service as in the rest of the year.  The seasonal 

reductions are usually ended at the annual September schedule change.

Make sure you have up-to-date schedules for your routes:  stop at your 

nearest SEPTA customer service center or phone 580-7777.



Chestnut Hill West Trains Were Faster  a Century Ago

by John Pawson 

Yes, it was possible to take a steam train with wooden open-platform 

coaches from old Broad Street Station to Chestnut Hill in less time than it 

can be done on SEPTA RRD electric trains over a similar but slightly 

shorter route today.

Timetable	5/21/1893	9/20/1923	9/27/36	7/28/47	4/28/63

	10/30/83	11/10/84	5/2/93

Operator, 

notable facts



Typical time to:	PRR

branch built 1884	PRR

electrified 1918	PRR	PRR	PRR

(for PSIC)

Silverliner

service	SEPTA	SEPTA

through-

tunnel service	SEPTA

RailWorks

expanded service

30th Street area	3'	4'	3'	3'	3'	3'	4'	4'

North Phila.	10'	12-13'	11'	11'	11'	11'	15'	16'

Chestnut Hill	30'	32-33'	30'	30'	28-30'	28-30'

	32'	33-35'

Total outbound trains	33	35	37	37	36	28	25	34

between 5:00 and 6:00 pm	5	5	6	6	5	4	4	3



Let's compare one typical outbound departure of the May 21, 1893 timetable 

with a corresponding R8 train today.  Then with 11 intermediate stops, the 

3:55 from Broad Street took 30 minutes.  Now, the 3:53 (which also makes 11 

stops) requires 33 minutes.  Other trains exhibit similar lengthening of 

schedules except in cases where stops have been abandoned over the years.  

The trends of running time and service levels can be seen in the chart 

which was taken from timetables of various years.

The pressures which altered the running times are not always obvious, but 

history provides clues.  A surprising level of service was operated in 1893 

over a branch line only nine years old.  An inbound morning peak express (a 

run which perhaps never has been equalled) having only three intermediate 

stops ran from the Hill to Broad Street in just 23 minutes.  Of course, 

these trains consisted of steam locomotives hauling light wooden cars which 

were of poor impact resistance and combustible.

Following the 1880-1910 industrialization, much of the railroad became 

congested by more freight traffic.  The tortuous duck-unders at Zoo 

Junction were introduced to keep the passenger trains moving, at the price 

of slightly longer running time.  The line's 1918 electrification offered 

better acceleration with steel MU cars, but the wearing effects of the 

World War I traffic may still be evident in the 1923 timetable.  Later it 

was only possible to restore, but not surpass the 30-minute schedule of 

1893.  

Introduction of quick-accelerating Silverliners in 1962 allowed the fastest 

service (28 minutes) that passengers have ever enjoyed.  However, travel 

time was significantly extended when the Center City tunnel went into use 

and Reading and Pennsy systems were combined by SEPTA in late 1984.  At 

that time, the public was told that Amtrak delays might affect service on 

the Reading side of the system, and vice-versa.  Evidently, SEPTA "padded" 

schedules as it through-routed the trains in an attempt to compensate for 

the delays which might occur on the first leg of each through run.

Travellers report that even today's slack schedules too often are not met 

because of interference from Amtrak's Northeast Corridor trains.  Over the 

last two decades, the intercity passenger trains run by Amtrak have 

increased both in numbers of trains and in speed.  A faster train requires 

a longer clear space (what could be called a "shield") ahead of itself.  

Where once the same entity dispatched and operated both intercity and 

commuter trains, now the track ownership, dispatching, and operation of 

intercity trains are vested in Amtrak, while the commuter trains are 

SEPTA's to run-a clear case of responsibility without effective authority.

Amtrak control is costly

There are conflicts between SEPTA and Amtrak trains at various places on 

the Regional Rail system, but mostly they occur in the four-mile section 

between Zoo Junction and Frankford Junction.  Amtrak, SEPTA, and now New 

Jersey Transit use four or more main tracks, while Conrail uses a mostly-

separate route on the south side of the right of way.

The schematic drawing (overleaf) shows how R8 Chestnut Hill West trains 

move through this complex of tracks.  At Amtrak's discretion, inbound R8 

trains merge with the flow of southbound Amtrak Northeast Corridor and 

SEPTA R7 trains at North Philadelphia or on the Schuylkill River bridge, 

then go their separate ways at Zoo Junction.  In the 7:00 to 9:00 am 

inbound traffic peak, only five Amtrak trains conflict with the SEPTA 

trains.

(diagram here)

However, between 4:30 and 6:30 pm, the outbound SEPTA trains must contend 

with both north- and southbound Amtrak trains at North Philadelphia; and 

there are about 18 Amtrak trains during those two hours.  If each Amtrak 

train carries a five-minute "shield," then RRD trains can occupy that 

critical location only about 25% of the time.  Just scheduling them is 

difficult; but when Amtrak or SEPTA runs late, the SEPTA trains are bound 

to wait.

Are there answers?

Solutions for these problems can be classified as "soft" (little or no 

construction) or "hard" (much construction needed).  There are at least 

seven.

1. Turn R7 and R8 trains over to Amtrak to run as contractor.  Ignoring the 

fact that Amtrak operation would be costlier (Amtrak has higher labor costs 

than SEPTA), Amtrak has its own economic priorities.  The Northeast 

Corridor operations net it more revenue than any SEPTA commuter trains 

which it could run.  Moreover, NEC services (especially the Metroliners) 

have a significant political constituency.  Finally, Congress wants to 

reduce Amtrak's deficits, so Amtrak must enhance and expedite its NEC 

services to make more revenue.

2. Let SEPTA and area politicians "jawbone" Amtrak to win more favorable 

dispatching.  This only runs into the same political and economic problems.

3. Turn over the Northeast Corridor within the five-county SEPTA area from 

Amtrak to SEPTA. either in whole or in critical part.  This change would 

put SEPTA securely in control, just as Metro North's ownership and 

dispatching of the NEC between New Rochelle and New Haven speed its own 

trains, reportedly sometimes at the expense of Amtrak's.  This solution, 

too, would seem to be unsuitable to Amtrak and its political constituency.

4. Build flyovers at points where Amtrak and SEPTA trains have conflicting 

paths, just as once they were built to separate the paths of passenger and 

freight trains.  Metro North is building a flyover at New Rochelle, NY 

where Amtrak conflicts with its commuter trains; and the new Los Angeles 

Metrolink has built one to separate its trains from freight traffic.  

Totally new structures might cost $30 million or more each and could take a 

decade from concept to completion.

5. Change the R8 routing.  Link the Chestnut Hill West line to the SEPTA R6 

Norristown Line near 16th Street Junction, to avoid use of Amtrak property.  

This "Swampoodle Connector" was once in SEPTA's Capital Plan, but has since 

disappeared.  In any case, problems of conflicts between Amtrak trains and 

R7 Trenton or NJ Transit trains would remain.

6. Reassign the four passenger tracks of the NEC as two parallel two-track 

railroads, at least in the critical  Zoo-Frankford Junction area.  This is 

a common British practice.  Physically, all tracks are signalled for 

operation in both directions, making this at least a technically attractive 

idea.  SEPTA would run the northernmost two tracks as its own railroad; 

Amtrak the next two.  Obviously some track reconfigurations would be needed 

at each end of the juxtaposed area.  

7. A judicious and cost-effective combination of two or more of the above 

solutions.  One example is shown below.

(another diagram here)

Solve this problem!

The Rider Report Card (see June DVRP)  and other passenger observations 

make it clear that about half of SEPTA's commuters-those whose trains must 

use some Amtrak-controlled rails-are subject to Amtrak-related delays and 

that some of those passengers are not satisfied with the situation.

An article in Trains (July 93) titled "Metra-Best Commuter Train" shows 

trackage control is a key factor in commuter service excellence.  Despite 

their well-known fast running and tight schedules, Metra's trains were 97% 

on-time last year, compared to SEPTA's loosely-scheduled trains which may 

or may not have reached only 93%.  

Metra or its contractors own or dispatch almost all of the tracks over 

which the commuter trains run, while Metra provides contractors with 

financial incentives to give its trains priority.  Evidently, Amtrak and 

freight trains rarely interfere with its operations.  And when the Canadian 

Pacific's takeover of Soo Line (which dispatches the two ex-Milwaukee Road 

lines) caused control to be shifted to Minneapolis and in some cases 

Canada, Metra took the initiative to gain control of the commuter tracks.  

As Metra's "On the (Bi)Level" newsletter put it:  "Most visible difference 

will be more yellow pick-up trucks and fewer maroon ones.  Most significant 

difference will be a work force that performs with commuter trains in 

mind." 

Why does Amtrak own or control operations on such a big chunk of the 

region's commuter rail system, even the Paoli and Atlantic City lines, on 

which commuters are more numerous than Amtrak passengers?  The answer is 

financial and political-Amtrak's capital and operating subsidies are 

largely paid by the Federal government, while a far greater proportion of 

commuter trains' cost must be borne by local taxpayers.  So there's great 

incentive to shift ownership (and with it control of operations) to Amtrak 

and the financial burden to Capitol Hill.  Let Amtrak bear the "ownership 

cost" and never mind the other side of the coin-that Amtrak control is a 

big factor in slow and unreliable commuter service!

That trains here  on one line ran faster a century ago than they do today 

embarrasses our sense of progress.  Public transportation, unfortunately, 

does not attract automobile-oriented commuters with excuses, especially 

those that sound penny-wise but pound-foolish.  Telling them that commuter 

trains must operate as a by-product of Amtrak funding does not make them 

tolerant of slowness and lateness.

If the region really wants-that is, believes that it deserves-a first-class 

rail commuter system such as Chicagoland enjoys, then these matters can no 

longer be ignored or concealed.  They must be confronted and resolved.  If 

not, the present mediocre service will continue, at least until one day the 

taxpayers decide that having no system suits them better than having a 

second-class system dependent on Amtrak.



Private Bus Contractors on SEPTA and NJT 

by Tom Borawski

In March the SEPTA Board awarded a contract to Krapf's Coaches to provide 

Route 131 service between West Chester and Wilmington for two years.  The 

bid was awarded after an outside firm evaluated the costs of having SEPTA 

provide the service or having an outsider do it.  Gordon Linton pointed out 

that other bus routes were put out to bid and it was found that SEPTA could 

provide the service at the lowest cost.  Harry Lombardo, President of TWU 

Local 234 told the board that his union would file a grievance against 

SEPTA as the work legally belonged to his union.

One year ago New Jersey Transit was embroiled in a scandal which is a 

textbook case on how not to manage a privatized route.  The Farrelly 

family, owners of the Middlesex Metro and Monmouth bus companies, allegedly 

skimmed more than $1 million from NJT. Such allegations as putting their 

maid on the bus company payroll and charging home improvements, furniture, 

appliances and car repairs to the bus companies were part of the 

investigation according to the Home News.  The Star Ledger quotes New 

Jersey State Commission of Investigation (SCI) Chairman James Zazzali as 

saying, "Their greed was exceeded only by their arrogance."

Last August, NJT had to take over the routes and the Farrelly companies 

were stripped of their subsidies.  The Star Ledger reports that the NJT 

Board dismissed Chief Auditor Michael J. Fucilli for the failure to detect 

the abuses. 

Buried in the headlines was the statement that SCI investigated three other 

bus companies last year and found no wrongdoing.  Perhaps NJT's experience 

shows both the right and wrong way of contracting out these services.  



On Board the N-5

continued from page 1

As the operator comes on board and takes his seat, we'll move back into the 

car and take our seat, immediately noticing how huge the interior of the 

car is, especially when compared to the old Brill Bullets.  The aisle is 

very wide, and ceiling much much higher.  This large size is one of the 

factors contributing to the serious weight problems of the new cars; they 

are six tons heavier than the contract specifications called for, and SEPTA 

will pay for this over the life of the cars in added power and track 

maintenance costs.  The two-tone brown seats are also wide, and thickly 

cushioned.  We've got plenty of elbow room.  "Riiowwwt!" is the call from 

the platform, and an insistent beeping sound, much louder than that of the 

Kawasaki trolleys, alerts us to the closing door way up at the front of the 

car.  

N-5 offers passengers comfortable seats and a great view of passing 

scenery.

Moving out from the platform, over the switches and out onto the line, the 

big picture windows give us an excellent view of the yard complex at 69th 

Street, including all the construction of the addition to 72nd Street Shop, 

where these cars will be serviced.  Big changes are afoot here, as solid-

state electronics replace old mechanical equipment and AC traction motors 

replace maintenance-intensive DC motors.  Shop artisans will no longer have 

to fabricate their own spare parts from scratch.

Only a gentle push at our backs lets us know the train has started up the 

upgrade to Parkview.  Acceleration is smooth, but insistent, and soft 

singing of thyristor choppers and blower motors replaces the siren sound of 

the Bullets' gearboxes.  

We are quickly up to cruising speed and noticing the solid, smooth ride of 

the N-5 on the continuous welded rail.  The ultra-light Bullets tended to 

bounce around, especially where track had not been surfaced recently, while 

the Chicago trains "hunt" (that is to say lurch from side-to-side at high 

speeds) even on the new track.  The N-5 cars' primary suspension is a set 

of V-shaped rubber blocks between the axles and the truck frames, which 

keeps the unsprung mass of the trucks low for a less-jarring ride.

The transition to the older track is noticeable, but the ride is still 

pleasant, making it hard to choose between reading the newspaper and 

viewing the always-scenic P&W right of way.  The braking action of the new 

car is also strong and smooth, and since the operator is still getting used 

to the performance of the new car, he errs on the side of caution and 

brakes a bit too strongly.  We creep the last few yards to the platform at 

Penfield and the front door opens with a solid-sounding thump.  Passengers 

get off, and that annoying beeping sounds again before the door closes.  

That's the law now; the Feds don't trust an operator to watch out for blind 

people and warn them himself.

Though long-time riders will miss the fresh air from windows that opened, 

the air conditioning keeps us comfortable.  "Wynnewood" is announced over 

the PA system, quite clearly and at a reasonable volume, and the woman in 

front of us presses the yellow tape switch for her stop.  There isn't one 

next to our seat, but we're going to the end of the run, so it won't be a 

problem.  

The roar of Chicago cars on an inbound express train which passes us near 

Ardmore Avenue flexes the windows a little.  The high rates of acceleration 

and braking at each stop have us almost two minutes ahead of schedule by 

the time we leave Haverford.  Now that nearly all the passengers have 

gotten off, the interior seems especially huge.  We get up and walk to the 

front of the car, watching out the big front window as the N-5 gobbles up 

track almost effortlessly.  The operator tells us he likes the new car, 

too, though it's quite different from the Chicago trains he learned the 

route on.  Much more comfortable and easy to drive.  He adds that lots of 

passengers have made favorable comments, and asked when all the trains will 

be like this one.  He wishes he had the answer for that question, but every 

time someone tells him 'real soon now,' real soon never comes.  But it 

seems that the last bugs are being worked out now that assembly has been 

shifted to ABB's own plant in New York state and the test miles keep 

getting racked up on car 451.

Close-up view of the trucks shows rubber chevron suspension.

We hear that the numbers of the new cars will be changed into a 140 series.  

Will this end the hex on the N-5 cars?  Will SEPTA schedulers take 

advantage of the better performance by tightening up scheduled running 

times?  And will the passenger-pleasing N-5 cars be enough to reverse the 

Norristown High-Speed Line's declining share of suburban ridership?  Or 

will the deteriorating and sometimes intimidating conditions on the Market-

Frankford El keep passengers away from the revitalized Norristown Line?



The Shuttle to "El"     by William A. Ritzler

After meeting some relatives at their home in Frankford, we walked to the 

Margaret-Orthodox station of SEPTA's Blue Line on our way to see the X-2000 

at 30th Street. Upon arriving at the station, we found an inconspicous, 

graffiti covered sign telling us that service was suspended. We settled in 

to wait for the shuttle bus providing alternate service.

After about 10 minutes, a bus arrived with no seats available. The four of 

us boarded along with many other passengers. The bus proceeded slowly, 

picking up passengers at many corners. Speed was also reduced due to 

detours required by the El reconstruction. After the Erie-Torresdale 

station, the bus experienced crush loading. Frustration climaxed with a 

loud verbal exchange between passengers and the driver.

After a very long forty minutes, we arrived at Berks station. We 

disembarked and climbed the stairs just in time to view a departing 

elevated train. The platform attendant responded to the passengers' 

complaints by pointing out the next arriving train. 

An elderly woman was forced to return downtown because she could not use 

the stairs. Although she obviously needed a cane to walk, none of the SEPTA 

employees downtown had thought to tell her that there is no escalator at 

Berks. SEPTA personnel on the scene were unsympathetic. 

The train departed after a ten minute layover. We arrived at 30th Street 

one hour and fifteen minutes after beginning our journey. [normal scheduled 

time is about 22 minutes.] The return trip provided similar experiences. 

Is this really the best SEPTA can do? Would Lou Gambaccini be inclined to 

use such a service?



DVARP needs passengers like you to report news from your line:  

call 215-222-3373 with news tips



SEPTA Receives Newtown Rail Proposals

by John Pawson

Both bidders who on April 12 presented SEPTA with private-sector plans to 

serve the Newtown Line described those plans at a May 13 meeting of the 

Newtown Township Transportation Advisory Committee. They are: National 

Interurban Coalition, composed of Rail Easton and other companies, who were 

represented at the Newtown meeting by Rodney Fisk; and Northeast 

Transportation and Development Corporation, a joint venture of Newtown 

Short Line and other firms, who were represented by Robert Regensberger.

Each bidder proposed to operate through peak-direction service between 

Newtown and center-city Philadelphia. The two groups voiced their belief 

that only a through service would be marketable. We received the impression 

that some SEPTA staffers are apprehensive about private operation over the 

in-service R8 line because they fear problems from unionized SEPTA workers 

if that is done.

NIC proposes to receive two two-car train-sets from the Duewag type 628 

production line set up for German Federal Railway, but modified for US 

service. Later, four more sets of the twin double-truck cars would arrive, 

along with back-up RDCs from VIA Rail Canada.

By Spring 1994, NIC would operate the initial two-train service between 

Newtown and Suburban Station, using the RailWorks routing now operated by 

RRD.  Fisk said that the low-pollution engines of the Duewag trains are 

already certified by the U.S. Bureau of Mines [for tunnel use].  Running 

closed-door over the in-service R8 trackage, the end-to-end travel time is 

expected to be 55 minutes, Off-peak service would operate as a shuttle 

north of Fox Chase.

Operation of excursions between Suburban Station and the factory outlets in 

Reading is a key part of NIC's economic plan.  Later, additional trains 

would operate on the Quakertown line, ultimately to Allentown, assuming 

support from LANTA, the public transit agency in that area.  

With a $32.8 million investment, NIC expects to begin service on all of 

those routes.  The $1.2 million committed to the Newtown Line by Bucks 

County would be leveraged to $36 million using Federal and state 

components. The mileage-driven Federal capital subsidy would be sufficient 

to retire the privately funded part of the capital requirements. The 

$300,000 annual payment by SEPTA in lieu of its current Fox Chase-Newtown 

bus losses would become a contingent reserve, probably not needed to cover 

operating costs.

NTDC proposes a different operating method for Newtown service. SEPTA push-

pull cars and electric locomotives would be used in conjunction with 

otherwise-obtained diesel locomotives. Operations would follow the current 

R8 service between Fox Chase and 30th Street Station: and like the NIC 

proposal, there would be no stops in currently-served areas outside Center 

City. The electric locomotive would be attached at some point on the Fox 

Chase line. Three or four peak round trips would be run, the latter number 

if Conrail keeps intact the double-track of the R8 line between Newt-own 

and Cheltenham Junctions. Also like the NIC proposal, fares and tickets 

would resemble SEPTA's.

Moderator Eli Cooper noted that mandates to reduce automobile commuting 

will induce more center city employees to ride SEPTA trains. In order to 

make the most of limited commuter parking, he urged recognition by SEPTA of 

an "all lines running" policy. Regensberger suggested that SEPTA needs 

outside pressure, given the history of slow progress toward privatization 

of a service which has lapsed for over ten years.



Newtown Service Via Willow Grove?

In December, SEPTA planners examined a scheme for diverting the Newtown 

Line service away from the well-known landed  estate near Bryn Athyn. This 

concept would create a Newtown service which on a map would resemble a 

letter "z" turned on its end.  As its cross-link, the concept would use two 

miles of the east-west Conrail Morrisville Line between the parallel north-

south R2 Warminster and R8 Newtown lines.

Thus under this concept, the Newtown service would duplicate the R2 service 

between Center City and a point 1 mile north of Willow Grove, then turn 

east along the Morrisville Line, then northeast to include the outer end of 

the Newtown Line: stations County Line through Newtown.  Trackage north of 

Fox Chase in the Pennypack Creek valley presumably would be abandoned in 

order to end opposition from the Bryn Athyn billionaires.

It's a fascinating, if desperate, connect-the-dots exercise.  For one 

thing, it politically props up the increasingly dubious Cross-County Metro 

plan by using two miles of that route's intended right of way. It ignores 

the slowness of the Warminster Line and its reliability problem which 

results from its mostly-single-track construction through built-up areas.

Land around the two railroad intersection points is mostly developed, so 

ramps would be needed to bring the lower-level SEPTA lines up to the 

Conrail grade.  In alignment terms, the connection north of Willow Grove is 

described as a "jughandle".

The worst realization in this appeasement scheme comes when one estimates 

the resulting Suburban Station-Newtown travel time.  If the jughandle and 

ramps can survive NIMBYism and are built, the running time would be at 

least 70 minutes. Without the jughandle, a passenger transfer would be 

needed; and travel time increases to at least 75 minutes. Compare that to 

the 55 minutes of the private proposal to run via Fox Chase.

There is a legend in Westchester County, NY that the Rockefeller family 

forced the New York Central Railroad in 1931 to relocate its Putnam 

Division rail commuter line away from the family estate at Pocantico Hills.  

Are we about to see a reenactment here in this supposedly egalitarian age?-

JRP



About last month.

We had production problems with last month's DVRP which caused it to be 

mailed about a week later than usual.

Occasional slip-ups & delays are almost inevitable when you rely on 

volunteer labor.  (We do sometimes have to pay attention to our real jobs!)  

While the editor has a new printer which should solve some of the problems, 

you can do two things to get your newsletter sooner:

1) Volunteer to help label, staple and mail the newsletter.  A few hours of 

your time makes quite a difference!

2) If you have a computer with a modem or network connection, you can 

download the text even before the newsletter is back from the printer.  See 

page 19.



Commemorative Passes Coming Soon

SEPTA's John McGee informs us that the August and September passes will be 

collectors editions commemorating historic Philadelphia trolleys (August) 

and the 25th anniversary of the City Transit Division (September).  The CTD 

commemorative pass used actual paint chips from vehicles to get the colors 

"just right."



Channel 10 to air TransitChek Ads

WCAU TV-10 will air a series of public service announcements promoting the 

Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission's TransitChek Program.  

TransitCheck lets employers give tax-deductible benefits to employees who 

ride public transit, just like they subsidize those who park their cars at 

work.  For more information call the DVRPC at 1-800-355-5000. 



Kiosk Update

SEPTA reports that the new information kiosks will be updated.  Thus their 

present emptiness is temporary.  Hey SEPTA, don'tt forget the kiosk at 

Olney:  the bus schedules in it are a full year out of date! 



SEPTA Faces Discrimination Charges

A pair of accusations of racial prejudice have put a dark cloud over 

SEPTA's labor-management relations at a time when SEPTA can ill afford 

negative publicity.  Three subway-elevated cashiers who were fired by SEPTA 

for embezzling fare money are charging that they were singled out for the 

fraud probe because of their race, and then framed by the investigating 

officers.

Meanwhile, the Inquirer reports that seven white SEPTA Police officers have 

filed a suit against the authority alleging that the officers were 

disciplined more severely because of their race.  



Important Meeting in Canada

Transport 2000, the nationwide public transport passengers' association of 

Canada, announces its National Passenger Trains Conference, to be held in 

Ottawa August 19 and 20.  The timing is fortuitous, as Federal elections 

are to be held in the fall and the conference will draw attention to 

transportation issues and recent cuts in support for public transport by 

all levels of government.

For information and registration, write to National Passenger Trains 

Conference, P.O. Box 46066, 2339 Ogilvie Road, Gloucester, ON  K1J 9M7, or 

call 613-747-0262.



Stories from Diesel Riders:

	SEPTA Needs Customer Service Skills

by Larry DeYoung

On Monday, May 3 (RailWorks shutdown day 1) I rode the SEPTA diesel train 

from the R5 Doylestown line to 30th Street. The train consisted of four 

push-pull cars and both of SEPTA's RL1000s. After Fern Rock, we proceeded 

onto Conrail via Newtown Jct., and did not use the Blue Line track, as had 

been predicted. It was a straight-ahead move through Zoo, and into 30th 

Street upper level, track 2, about two minutes behind the advertised 8:06. 

The ride over Conrail was generally smooth, but excruciatingly, seemingly 

unnecessarily, slow. 

Since the return trip on the Doylestown line is scheduled to leave 30th 

Street before the end of my workday at 4:40, I decided to try the 5:20 

diesel R3 West Trenton train to Fern Rock, where the timetables seem to 

allow for a cross-platform transfer to the R5 at 5:55. The R3, ostensibly 

due to the clearances of the leased NJ Transit U34CH (#4154), leaves from 

the lower level of 30th Street (see below). The morning route was reversed 

for the evening trip, and arrival at Fern Rock allowed enough time to catch 

my R5 train (in fact, they held the R5 for a slightly late Broad Street 

Subway train). All in all, not bad, except that the R5 MU train only had 

two cars (as it would all week), and the passengers were packed in like 

sardines. The ridership was extremely low on the diesel trains and onboard 

information was nil, but the trip was comfortable in the Bombardier 

coaches.

Tuesday bought a similar experience in the morning, and no change of trains 

at Fern Rock made for pleasant commuting. The return on R3 that evening was 

a bit aggravating, however, as we got stabbed [delayed when the tracks 

ahead were blocked, ed.] by a Conrail coal train pulling up onto the High 

Line from Zoo to run around his train. As a consequence, we got to Fern 

Rock at 5:55, and SEPTA sent the R5 out from Fern  Rock just as I stepped 

out of the R3. I guess no one ever thought passengers might do what I am 

doing! I caught the next R5. The message: bring reading material, you may 

need it. 

Wednesday outbound looked quite a bit like Monday, but at 30th Street they 

had the passengers queue up upstairs before going down to platform level, 

an ominous sign for following days, as it turned out. The train was backed 

down well into the station, filling the platform level with diesel exhaust. 

By the way, the new RL-1000's are much quieter than the old U34CH.

On Thursday, the morning R5 took the Blue Line track [located between the 

main line and Roberts Yard-ed.] for the first time; in fact, most of 

Newtown Junction was missing! SEPTA is rebuilding the crossovers, it seems. 

Otherwise, the inbound trip was smooth as before, and with the same light 

passenger load.  

A longer line waited at 30th Street Thursday night; passengers were 

beginning to get the word about the direct diesel service. However, they 

were not to be happy riders, as, due to what was muttered as "radio 

problems," the train did not arrive in the station until 5:50. There was 

absolutely no communication with passengers on the train, and passenger and 

crew attitudes could best be described as "sullen." This is not helping to 

win passengers for the future, and presumably, these are the people already 

committed to mass transit! Needless to say, my cross-platform transfer at 

Fern Rock was out of the question, and the next one was in jeopardy. There 

was much grousing among the passengers, and SEPTA's feeble attempt to 

explain things did not help. When one passenger asked about the service 

guarantee claim cards, he was told abruptly that he could get them at Fern 

Rock or at Suburban Station, the two places people taking this service 

should never have to visit! We ran via Newtown Jct. and made Fern Rock in 

time to catch the 6:23 R5.

Friday morning brought another straight shot into the upper level of 30th 

Street, again via the Blue Line track. Conrail dispatchers had to do a bit 

of work as we overtook a freight at West Falls which was too long for the 

passing siding and was pieced out across three tracks in order to let us 

through. 

On Monday morning, May 10, I got to Ambler station as the bells were 

ringing to bring down the Butler Pike crossing gates for the 7:17 departure 

of the diesel train, which I could have sworn I had heard at 7:02 from the 

house. I had; the 7:17 was Silverliner IVs. The diesel would be waiting for 

us at Fern Rock, we were told. We arrived Fern Rock about ten minutes late, 

on track "0" to the confusion of outbound passengers there, and the diesel 

train was across the platform on track 2 with four "Bomb cars" and one RL-

1000: Amazing! An attempt to provide convenience when there was an 

equipment problem.... I wonder how that one underpowered RL-1000 did; I did 

not take the diesel train as I had business near Suburban Station. The 

Broad Street line worked well, and the cars seemed somewhat less crowded 

than last year. 

Again Monday evening I took the Broad Street Line due to my business near 

Suburban Station (and the discouraging 2-for-4 record of the R3 at 30th 

Street). The connection was better than the timetable due to a delay to the 

outbound R5 train, which was hot and overcrowded. The conductor tried to 

tell us something over the PA about diesel service and equipment 

restrictions, but the PA was garbling the message. The engineer issued a 

command (some tact-in-speaking lessons would be in order, too!) about 

disembarking at Jenkintown, but commuters are creatures of habit and 

several insisted in getting off in the middle of the tom-up platform and 

the trying to squeeze by the fence.

On Tuesday the 11th the R5 ran straight through with push-pull equipment 

again, but the diesel power was the U34CH. Arrival at 30th Street was about 

five minutes late and on the upper level, track 2. What equipment 

restriction? Several R3 passengers told me that Friday's homeward bound 

5:20 had again been again a half-hour late, and that Monday's (May 10) had 

been annulled and they were left on their own with instructions to go to 

Market East and then backtrack to the Broad Street line! 

Questions: Why does the R5 diesel train outbound from 30th St. leave before 

most peoples' work days are over? Why so slow on the non-speed-restricted 

Conrail track? Why let the passengers get overcrowded on RRD trains to and 

from Fern Rock?

Conclusions? A grade of C-. Passing, but barely.  Good elements are 

canceled out by the bad, which seems somehow to be normal for SEPTA (see 

the recent commentary in Trains about Amtrak's apparent lack of standards: 

Amtrak is not alone.) 

SEPTA Needs Customer Service Help

SEPTA people appear not to realize that attention seemingly minor details 

and reliable execution, as a routine, matter in a service business.  

Sometimes, it isn't clear if they realize they are in a service business! 

It seems that SEPTA's mission is building infrastructure and running 

equipment, not providing comfortable, reliable, economical transportation 

for the public. 

I wonder how long the alternative diesel service, with what seems to be an 

unnecessarily slow pace and very little publicity, will last at present 

ridership levels.

Four suggestions: 1) In unfamiliar circumstances, passengers feel 

particularly helpless when something goes wrong. The crews and supervisors 

need to be trained to give more and better information, and the destination 

signs on the trains, which are used haphazardly, must be accurate! These 

information failures are a management problem. 

2) Why not run longer MU trains on the R5 at evening rush hour and let 

people have a little elbow room after jamming onto the subway? 

3) Why not offer free parking at the affected stations during RailWorks, to 

encourage people to continue using the rail service? 

4) Use pricing techniques to induce people to ride during off-peak times 

when, it seems, almost noone is riding the system. Examples:  Metra offers 

a $5.00 all-day pass for weekend riders, even where the one-way fare is 

$5.00 or more; the Phillies are hot-offer special RailWorks/Broad Street 

Line incentives to go to ball games; publicize the free weekend parking at 

stations in the suburbs. 

If I can think of these things while sitting at a terminal during my lunch 

hour, there must be some better ones out there, too!

SEPTA, every press report says you have handled your relationship with the 

neighborhoods in which the RailWorks construction is taking place 

exceptionally well. Try applying some of that effort and creativity to your 

passengers as well!  I am a firm supporter and user of mass transit for 

environmental reasons, as well as for peace of mind. The latter is being 

eroded to the point where I could consider driving for the duration of this 

shutdown. It must never be forgotten that most of us suburban commuters do 

have options.  The train has to have some basic appeal over our cars, or we 

will use the cars. It is that simple.



Stories from Diesel Riders:

	Detour is Civilized and Scenic

by Matthew Mitchell

Business last month found me traveling to 30th Street or out of town on 

several occasions, so I've welcomed the DVARP diesel alternative to the 

hassle of catching the subway.  Since the morning diesel trains are run as 

expresses, they skip my home stop at Glenside so I have to transfer to the 

diesels at Fern Rock.  The connection takes no longer than to the subway, 

and spares me all those steps to climb and crowds to bustle through.

I expected the worst on my first trip, so I caught the R3 to allow extra 

time.  It arrived at Fern Rock only a minute down, and most of the 

passengers got off to catch the subway.  Only about 10-15 percent of SEPTA 

rail commuters go to 30th Street, and without running the diesel to 

Suburban, you won't catch the big crowds.  But that's fine because I like 

peace and quiet.

I got a lot of that on the ride down the Trenton Line and through Fairmount 

Park.  Not much work got done, as I gazed out the window at some pretty 

scenes which one wouldn't normally associate with North Philadelphia.  

Swinging around the RailWorks construction staging yard on the old "Low 

Grade Line," a tall stalk of bright yellow wildflowers catches my eye, and 

I a make a note to myself to look that up when I get home.  (Hollyhock.)

We make a steady 30 mph down the hill to the Twin Bridges, where a sculler 

on the river is turning back for his boathouse.  Does he not like trains?  

Is he too intent on rowing for a wave or even to look up?  A mixed freight 

is on the siding, and I watch it to see where the cars are from and what 

they might be carrying:  chemicals, scrap metal, lumber.  Two brand-new 

locomotives at the head end are waiting for us to pass.

Hard by the tracks in the park is a community garden, tilled by city people 

who look like they were country-born.  They certainly know what to do with 

their crops, and must spend plenty of time there, given the old sofas and 

seats out of cars in front of most of the plots.  They probably were near 

the railroad where they grew up too.

How suprised are the drivers on the Schuylkill when a SEPTA train passes 

over the highway?  Though we aren't matching them for speed, I wouldn't 

trade places with them; I'll be in a much better frame of mind to start 

work than they will be.

Hitting the switches, we can speed up for a short stretch into the station.  

The other passengers gather up their coffee cups and newspapers (at least 

they should be) and line up at the door.  When it opens, I find I made a 

smart move by sitting in the first car; it's closest to the escalator.  

Right on time, or at least close enough.  With plenty of time to wait for 

my meeting, it's a good thing the new eateries in the station are open, 

because I have to check each one out before choosing one.

The Friday after that, I make my plans so that I finish my day in West 

Philly to use the homeward diesel.  I can bring a shopping bag of market 

produce on board without worrying about getting it bruised on the subway; 

little things add to the inconvenience of the rail shutdown.  The ride home 

is tranquil; I sit on the right to stay out of the sun's glare, and a half 

hour later, scores of frazzled people come on at Fern Rock.  The produce is 

safe, though.  

By the time I have to make a tight morning Amtrak connection, I have the 

hang of this diesel service.  

That night isn't so pleasant.  The crowd at the top of the stairs at 30th 

Street swells with people for a Harrisburg trip, but nobody says anything 

about the SEPTA train.  I take little dashes over for a coffee and to see 

some radio station's promotion.  The person at the information desk has no 

information: our train isn't even on the big board.  

Finally a man in a hardhat comes up and speaks to the woman restraining us 

from the stairs.  The escalator reverses and we swarm down to the train.

A plane to catch Monday at 10:30.  I'll need to make the 9:00 R1.  Leave at 

8 for  a subway connection or go early for the diesel?  The choice is easy, 

though I would rather have had my R1 direct from Glenside to the Airport.  

At the Fern Rock platform, another MU comes in with R3 signs.  When I ask 

where the diesel is, the engineers says that he's it-30th Street is 

annulled today.  @%*%#!  Of all the days to have to climb all those stairs!  

Glad I gave myself that extra time.



German ICE 

Arrives for Amtrak Tour

While the Swedish X2000 train barnstorms the USA, whetting the public's 

appetite for high-speed rail service, a competitor from Germany is on the 

docks in Baltimore.

The InterCity Express (ICE) train, built by the Siemens Corp. for the 

German Federal Railways, typifies another approach to high-speed ground 

transportation.  While the X2000 was designed to increase train speeds on 

existing rights of way in Sweden, the ICE reaches its top speeds on a 

brand-new dedicated high-speed track, such as on the Japanese shinkansen.  

The ICE does not have X2000's tilting feature.

The ICE train is larger and faster than the X2000; while both exhibit 

contemporary  European styling, passengers' reactions to their differences 

in interior details will be as important to Amtrak in setting the 

specifications for its own high-speed trains as the results of on-track 

tests.

The multinational companies which dominate the passenger rail equipment 

market are eyeing the impending Amtrak purchase of 26 trains as an 

opportunity to crack a vast market, so competition will be keen and each 

maker will seek partnerships with US firms so that it can say its trains 

will create jobs for American workers.  That stimulus card may be the trump 

for rail advocates in their fight for government support.

The ICE train is tentatively scheduled to make test runs from Philadelphia 

to Harrisburg and Washington to New York, then make its exhibition tour 

before going into regular Metroliner service in the fall.  Trains and dates 

for that service have not been firmed up yet.  



X2000 reprise

Meanwhile, Amtrak has announced that the Swedish X2000 train will stay on 

in America for additional testing in everyday Metroliner service.  Reaction 

from the general public on its nationwide tour has been full of excitement.  

Once people see a real high-speed train, they want one for their state, and 

plans which have been languishing on drawing boards are being turned into 

reality.-MDM



NJT "Schedule-by-Fax"

A service not listed on New Jersey Transit timetables allows those with fax 

machines to get train schedules directly.  The number, 1-800-626-RIDE, is a 

computer voicemail system.  Those interested in a schedule of any NJT train 

line use the second sub-menu where they have the option of having the 

schedule faxed or mailed to them.  The bus schedule voicemail system asks 

the rider for origination and destination points with the appropriate 

schedule mailed, not faxed.

Other services include mailing the NJT Summer Services Travel Guide and the 

state-wide transit guide.-TB 



NJT Ridership Up

The May Monthly Business Report from Executive Director Shirley A. Delibero 

shows an increase in both bus and rail ridership.  The report 

states,"During the first nine months of FY93, 1.4 percent more people 

boarded our trains and 0.9 percent more took advantage of our bus service."

Line by line increases were as follows:

       Morris & Essex...... +1.2%

       Hoboken............. +0.3%

       NEC................. +0.7%

       N. Jersey Coast..... +3.7%

       Raritan Valley...... +3.6%

       Atlantic City....... -1.6%

The Atlantic City line figure should improve with the recent extension of 

service to Philadelphia 30th Street Station.

The report states that NJT is planning for a Summer service advertising 

campaign that "is the agency's hottest yet."-TB, DN 



Will Fares Go Up?

At press time, the New Jersey Legislature is about to pass the budget.  At 

this time, enough funding for NJ Transit is included to prevent a fare 

increase.  With the election coming soon, a fare increase is as unwelcome 

as a tax increase to Garden State commuters.



Another Phillies Express

The last two NJT baseball trains of the season will be Sunday, August 25 

and Sunday, September 26.  Tickets are going fast: call 609-343-7163 for 

reservations.



DVARP Picnic: Aug. 21

Ralph Page has again offered to host our annual picnic at his home in 

Willow Grove.  The address is 3140 Woodland Ave, phone 659-4953.  Only a 

limited amount of business is transacted at the August meeting, talking 

about train trips past and future and remembering the people who have 

helped our organization is the more important agenda item.  

If you come, please bring a dish to share, You can get there on the R2 

train (remember RailWorks is in effect) or the 22 or 98 bus.  

Call DVARP for more information.



Shore-Train Excursion: July 18

NJ Transit service from Philadelphia to Atlantic City is back!  Come 

celebrate with an ad hoc group of people from DVARP, Shore-Train Riders 

Club, and Concerned Citizens of the Delaware Valley (both DVARP 

predecessors and allies-see August 92 DVRP for a history lesson)

 We will be meeting at 30th Street on the NJ Transit train at 9:45 am to 

share the ride.  Return from A.C. is on your own schedule.  Call Bob 

Machler, 215-222-3373, message box 6, for more information.



And the Delaware Fair!

Some tickets still remain for this year's special train to the Delaware 

State Fair.  The July 24 trip is sponsored by Delmarva Rail Passenger 

Association, who will use it to promote the idea of rail service to Dover 

and points south.  This year, passengers can catch the train at 

Philadelphia as well as Claymont and Wilmington.  Call 302-995-6419 for 

information and reservations, or purchase tickets at Wilmington Station.



DVARP Offers '92 Newsletter Index

Thanks to the hard work of DVARP volunteer John Hay, DVARP is proud to 

offer you a complete index to Volume X of The Delaware Valley Rail 

Passenger.

Virtually every person, station or train mentioned in the newsletter last 

year has been indexed, so you can access information quickly.  To got your 

copy, send $2.00 for postage and handling to DVARP.



Volunteers Always Welcome

Got some spare time this summer?  Want to put a little of it to good use.  

Call Betsey Clark, our volunteer coordinator: 215-222-3373, message box 4.  

We have oppor-tunities for people with all kinds of skills!



Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban 

Station or Market East Station.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Sat., July 10, 2:00 at Chestnut Hill Loop, 

Germantown Av./Bethlehem Pike.

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., July 17, 11:00 to 12:30 at 104 Edison 

Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., July 17, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at Temple Univ. 

Center City, 1616 Walnut St.

CCDV/Shore-Train Riders Excursion to Atlantic City:  Sun., July 18.  meet 

at 30th Street at 9:45 am: Bob Machler, DVARP voice mailbox #6.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., July 20, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board 

Room, 714 Market St.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., July 21, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 

to 5:30 pm at 69th St., 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown 

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., July 22, 3:00 at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market 

St., Third Floor, Phila. 

watch newspaper legal notices for possible changes.

DRPA Rail Excursion to Delaware State Fair:  Sat., July 24.  Special Amtrak 

train makes round trip from Philadelphia to Harrington and Seaford.  

Schedule and reservations (required): Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.  Tickets 

also available at Delaware Transportation Store, Wilmington Amtrak Station.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Proposed Route 211 Abandonment:  Thu., July 29, 

1:00 at Spring Mill Country Club, 80 Jacksonville Rd., Warminster.

Deadline for August newsletter material:  Fri., July 30 to Matthew Mitchell 

or in DVARP mailbox.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Aug. 5, 7:00 pm at Senate 

Chambers, Legislative Hall, Dover.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Aug. 14, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 

1121 Chestnut St, Phila.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to 

confirm time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services



Drawbridge Replacement Under Traffic

The Pequonnock River Bridge in Bridgeport, CT is being replaced under 

traffic according to Passenger Transport.  More than 100 trains a day will 

operate through the construction zone.  The project also includes 

replacement of 2500 feet of deteriorated steel viaduct in Bridgeport.  



Clean Air Act: A Womens Issue ?

The Newark Star-Ledger reports that a university researcher is studying the 

impact that the Clean Air Act will have on working women.  The paper 

reports that sanctions on employees, such as parking fees or mandatory work 

schedule changes, unfairly hurt women more than men.  

Compiled by Tom Borawski, with Mike McEneny, Matthew Mitchell, Steve 

Spitzmiller



LIRR Crime Card

LIRR uses a "Crime Prone Conditions" card which lists 10 acts of stupidity 

passengers may commit from "Displaying money needlessly" to "When using the 

public phones, not hiding your calling card PIN #."  Policemen seeing the 

lapse check the appropriate box and hand it to the passenger.



Baltimore Light Rail Extension

The Lithicum to Glen Burnie segment of the MTA Central Light Rail Line 

should be opening soon.



Computer Corner:  Got a modem? Get our newsletter!

Though it's a long-distance call for most of our readers, those of you who 

can't wait for your Delaware Valley Rail Passenger can now get it by modem, 

even if you don't have an internet connection.

We have arranged for the DVRP to be carried on the "Railnet BBS"-216-786-

0476.  Modem settings: 2400 baud , 8-N-1.  The newsletter is uploaded to 

our various electronic outlets (see April and June DVRP) about the 4th or 

5th of each month, allow a few days after that for the file to be available 

for download.-MDM



DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory

  DVARP main number (voice mail line)	 215-222-3373 

1  Chuck Bode, President	 215-222-3373 

-> Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation	 215-552-4198 

6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration	 215-222-3373 

5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations	 215-386-2644 

4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator	 215-222-3373 

2 John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.	 215-659-7736 

	(6 to 9 pm please)

3  Matthew Mitchell, Transit Committee	 215-885-7448 

7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committe	 609-869-9048 

7  Octararo Task Force	 215-222-3373

Computer e-mail address (internet)	iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu



Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, July 16, 1:00 to 4:00	Temple Univ. Center City, 1616 Walnut 

Please see board in lobby for room assignment.

Food and drinks prohibited in meeting room

Saturday, August  21, 1:00 to 4:00	Annual Picnic,  Willow Grove

At the home of Ralph Page, 3140 Woodland Ave.

See page 18 for details

Saturday, September 18	Location to be announced



Agenda for the July meeting:

1:00 introductions, agenda, minutes

1:15 Issues requiring immediate action:

	SEPTA budget and possible fare increase

2:00 Other business:

	Intercity and high-speed rail

Commuter Rail Committee:

	Post-RailWorks ridership rebuilding

Transit Committee

	SEPTA service levels

South Jersey Committee

Light Rail Committee

3:00  Administrative:

	Incorporation of DVARP

	Newsletter Editorial Policy

	Procedures for election of officers 



Committee Meetings:

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Sat., July 10, 2:00 at Chestnut Hill 

Trolley Loop, Germantown Ave and Bethlehem Pike.

South Jersey Task Force:  Sat., July 17, 11:00 at 104 Edison Ave., 

Collingswood, NJ

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Aug. 14, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 

Chestnut St. 

Light Rail Committee:  no meeting this month

Transit Committee:  no meeting this month




