The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

December  1994
Vol. XII, No. 12

ISSN 1073-6859

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the 
interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and 
potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, 
southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.


For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:
P.O. Box 7505,  Philadelphia, PA  19101       215-222-3373

NEW E-MAIL ADDRESS
<dvarp@libertynet.org>

The electronic edition is produced as a public service to the network 
community.   It is archived on the CUNYVM Listserver in the RAILNEWS 
directory. An index of back issues is available by sending INDEX RAILNEWS to 
LISTSERV@CUNYVM. Thanks  to Geert K. Marien (GKMQC@CUNYVM) for maintaining 
this archive! If you have comments or questions, contact us, not Geert!
  The DVRP is also archived on these FTP servers
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/trains/text or graphics/trains/incoming
ftp://hipp.etsu.edu/pub/railroad/dvarp (Thanks to Bob Weir)

Coming soon:  recent issues will be available on WWW
   see home page opening soon--http:///libertynet.org/~dvarp/dvarp.html

Volumes X (1992) and XI (1993) are on floppy disk for $4.00 each from DVARP.

We hope you consider joining DVARP; your financial support makes possible 
this newsletter and our many other activities on behalf of rail and transit
passengers.  Annual dues for 1995 are $16.00.  see the coupon at ##R.

Contents copyright (C) 1994 DVARP, except photos (C) 1994 credited 
photographers

Acting Editor: Chuck Bode     Online Liason: Matthew Mitchell
For other DVARP officers and committee chairs, find ##Q

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily 
those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373


contents: 
   use the search function of your word processor to find articles
##A   SEPTA Proposes Fare Increase
##B   SEPTA Service Standards Progress
##C   Turmoil at the Top:  Seven Key SEPTA Managers Out
##D   Northeast Transit Plans Presented
##E   Newtown Line Saga Continues
##F   Reinventing Amtrak: The Other Shoe Drops
##G   Red Rose Transit Authority News
##H   Elmwood Depot Open House
##I   Customer Service Volunteer Initiative - One Month On
##J   Rails and Trails  by James S. Morgan
##K   Center City Commutation Trends
##L   Commuter Rail Still Not Considered in Northeast Transit Plans
##M   Quote of the month
##N   Fare Giveaways Would Hurt Commuters
##O   Letters To The Editor
##P   DVARP Internal News
          DVARP Position on the Fare Increase
          DVARP Election
          Candidacy Statements for DVARP Board Election:
##Q  DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory
##R  DVARP Membership Coupon

News Reports

##A   SEPTA Proposes Fare Increase

  The recent federal/state elections seem to have been the
last straw.  When the FY95 budget was proposed, there was
an unfunded gap to be covered later.  Despite a vigorous
petition drive by DVARP, Harrisburg failed to fund the gap. 
Congress and the President subsequently reduced federal
operating funds.  SEPTA remained mum on what was being
done--no big panic like before.  Could they have been hoping
for favorable election results to spare passengers?  Ten days
after the election, SEPTA published many details of a fare
increase intended to increase revenue by 7%, covering 25%
of the gap.

  Various interesting concepts are proposed along with
increasing fares.  For  passengers using passes zone one
would become part of the City zone--which for pass
passengers would include RRD zone 1, but passengers using
tokens, cash, and tickets would still have to pay full zone one
fares.  TransPasses and TrailPasses would also include 
"anywhere" status on weekends and holidays.

  A change long advocated by DVARP would increase
RRD ticket validity from 120 to 180 days, except when
tickets are changed as to color and/or design as well as price.

  The Daypass would become good for one ride to any
RRD station, rather than the present Airport trip limitation. 
Employers joining the Compass program in the future would
be required to match the 5% discount--presumably resulting
in a 10% discount to the passenger-employee.  RRD zone 1-5
fares would increasee 25 or 50 cents each.  Peak and off-
peak are "price-unified" for zone 6--the all-day one-way fare
becomes $5.00, with a $9.50 roundtrip fare to Trenton.  The
three intermediate RRD fares become two:  $2.25 for 1 or 2
zones and $2.75 for more than 2 zones.  The TransPass
would no longer be good for a $1.00 on peak RRD fares 
The 40 cent Route C premimum would be eliminated.

  Charter rates would increase 15%.  A "standard promotional"
fare for implementation "as needed" would be $3.00 RRD round
trip and $11.00 family along with a 50 cent children's fare on
transit divisions. 

Some proposed changes  which can be tabulated include:
Instrument	Current	Proposed	Increase	
Token	$1.05	$1.15	9.52%	
Weekly TransPass	$16.00	$17.25	7.81%	
Monthly TransPass	$58.00	$64.00	10.34%	
Transfer	$0.40	$0.50	25.00%	
Zone fare	$0.40	$0.50	25.00%	
Route C Premium	$0.40	0	-100.00%	
PATCO Joint Fare	$1.60	$1.80	12.50%	
Weekly Zone 2 Pass	$23.00	$24.50	6.52%	
Weekly Zone 3 Pass	$28.00	$30.00	7.14%	
Weekly Zone 4 Pass	$32.00	$34.50	7.81%	
Wk Anywhere Pass	$37.00	$40.00	8.11%	
Monthly Z 2 Pass	$86.00	$91.50	6.40%	
Monthly Z 3 Pass	$102.00	$109.50	7.35%	
Monthly Z 4 Pass	$117.00	$126.00	7.69%	
Monthly Z5/6 Pass	$132.00	$142.00	7.58%	
Cross-County Pass	$69.00	$75.00	8.70%	
Monthly Intermediate Pass	$43.00	$49.00	13.95%	
RRD 1-2 zone intermediate	$2.00	$2.25	12.50%	
RRD 3 zone intermediate	$2.50	$2.75	10.00%	
RRD 4+ zone intermediate	$3.00	$2.75	-8.33%

An area of continuing difficulty is proposed for change.  The RRD extension 
of journey is revised.  As stated in the tariff:  "Passengers wishing to 
travel to a zone beyond the limits of the zone of their fare instrument 
will be charged the intermediate one-way fare between the zone on the 
boarding instrument and the destination zone.  (TransPass riders travelling 
beyond zone 1 Regional Rail stations will be charged the intermediate one-
way fare betweem zone 1 and the destination zone.)

  There tariffs make a one-half inch stack of paper.  We are unable to 
condense all the changes into the DVRP.  Interested members are encouraged 
to study the tariffs and attend the hearings.  Five hearings are scheduled.  
Dec. 19, 1pm at Bucks Co. Court
House, Doylestown; 

Dec. 19, 6pm at Montgomery Co. Court House, Norristown; 
Dec. 20, 1pm at West Chester Area Senior Center, 325 W. Market St., West 
Chester; 
Dec. 20, 6pm at Delaware County Court House Administrative Building; and 
Dec. 21, 10am to 2pm and 5pm to 7pm at Benjamin Franklin House Ballroom, 
9th & Chestnut Sts., Philadelphia.

##B   SEPTA Service Standards Progress

  The Service Standards Committee has issued a revised draft standard 
following public input last August (refer to DVRP 8/94 for details of the 
initial proposal.)  In addition to the revised standard, a ten page report 
was issued November 16 detailing how
the Committee evaluated the public input.  Many recommended changes were 
incorporated into the revised draft.  
  As recommended by DVARP the service coverage standard was modified to 
include a minimum service frequency of 30 minutes for areas to be 
considered served or well served.  The transit stop spacing standard was 
modified to allow for certain local
conditions and to exempt express routes and routes on limited access 
highways--again DVARP recommendations.

  Several changes were made to the route performance standard.  The factor 
used to determine maximum acceptable subsidy will be reviewed annually.   A 
unit cost table has been added and the route table reformatted.  These 
changes were proposed by
DVARP.   Other changes include exempting routes subsidized by sources 
outside of regular funding.  Route 27 between Barren Hill and Plymouth 
Meeting is in this category.  The marketing effort for poorly performing 
routes was amended to include community
involvement.

  The on-time standard remains limited to the MFSE/BSS lines.  However, 
SEPTA revealed that an automated vehicle location system is being 
considered.  If that system is implemented, an on-time standard would be 
established for other CTD routes.

  Several changes were made to the service standards process portion of the 
document.  Most importantly, the section was reorganized to clarify the 
several processes.  If the process changes, a public meeting on the changes 
has been added--another DVARP
recommendation.  The Citizen's Advisory Committee has been specifically 
included in the process.  Provision has been made to implement changes with 
either the summer or the fall schedule change, and to extend the evaluation 
period beyond one year if necessary. 
Finally, the points used to evaluate changes have been revised in line with 
public suggestions.

  DVARP had made numerous other recommendations, including adding standards 
for factors important to passengers such as availability of fare 
instruments for purchase and availability of seats on off-peak trips.  The 
report indicated that many proposed
changes were rejected because this is a first-time effort for SEPTA.

  A public meeting to discuss the changes was held November 30.  There was 
less than two weeks notice for the meeting, but SEPTA sent an invitation, a 
revised draft, and a copy of the report to everyone who registered at the 
August hearings.  Everyone
present at the meeting agreed that the service standards process has worked 
well.  Only a few minor adjustments were recommended at the meeting.

  The changes made to the draft standard all appear to be improvements 
based on the public input at the hearings.  This is a good omen.  As 
passengers we can be encouraged that SEPTA is trying to listen to us.  CB

##C   Turmoil at the Top:  Seven Key SEPTA Managers Out
by Matthew Mitchell

In an unprecedented upheaval at SEPTA headquarters, seven top staffers, six 
of them at Assistant General Manager level, have either resigned or been 
suspended from their positions.  Treasurer Feather Houstoun, Railroad AGM 
Jim Palmer, Subway AGM Judith
Pierce, and Public Relations chief Rick Wooten have all quit SEPTA for 
varying reasons, while Purchasing AGM John Prader, Planning and Development 
AGM Carol Lavoritano, and Special Services director Robert Coressel have 
been suspended with pay
during an investigation into the handling of payments on paratransit 
contracts.

The changes eclipse the management shakeup of 1991, in which several of 
General Manager Lou Gambaccini's lieutenants were reassigned, and are the 
biggest bombshell at SEPTA HQ since the abrupt resignation of Bill Stead.  
Several individuals who were
once seen as potential successors to Gambaccini when his contract runs out 
in 1997 are now out of the company, and a scramble to reestablish the 
pecking order is likely to ensue.  Deputy General Manager Howard Roberts 
appears to have consolidated his
position as Gambaccini's number one subordinate.

Feather Houstoun, a trusted partner of Gambaccini's, was lured from New 
Jersey early in the Gambaccini administration.  She left to take another 
job which has not been disclosed.  (One rumor has her going back into 
government; either with the new Republican
majority in Congress or for Governor Whitman in New Jersey)  Houstoun 
played an under-appreciated role in the job of rebuilding SEPTA's fiscal 
foundation.  Judith Pierce, who worked her way through the ranks, leaves to 
take charge of the Los Angeles
rapid transit system.

It was widely reported that Wooten left SEPTA over philosophical 
differences with Gambaccini.  Wooten's public relations tasks took many 
forms, from the campaign to build political support for SEPTA to the 
rebuilding of railroad ridership after the RailWorks(R)
construction shutdowns.  His immediate future is not known, nor is that of 
Palmer, who was a controversial figure in SEPTA's Railroad Division ever 
since coming to the job from the Frankford Elevated Reconstruction Project.  
Sources say Palmer was under
pressure to resign.

Three More Suspended

Prader, Lavoritano, and Coressel are under investigation for their roles in 
a scandal over advance payments to SEPTA contractors.  They are not accused 
of any wrongdoing as yet; initial signs are than none of them benefitted 
personally from the arrangement.

It is alleged that the three approved payments to private paratransit 
contractors in advance of their performing the work called for.  The 
shared-ride program for senior citizens has had a troubled history, both 
before and after its takeover by SEPTA.  It may
be that these payments were made to ensure that the carriers wouldn't fail 
financially and leave the program's customers without transportation, but a 
final analysis must wait until the investigation is completed.  The 
suspensions make clear Gambaccini's concern
about the situation.  While some politicians called for the three staffers 
to be suspended without pay, the decision was defended as a recognition 
that no one had proven any wrongdoing yet, and a concession to the 
fragility of SEPTA's credibility.

There is precedent for this in the investigation of the procurement of 
commuter rail cars from Bombardier during the Gould administration at 
SEPTA.  Improprieties in acceptance of gifts and an airplane ride were at 
issue there, but when completed, Pennsylvania
Auditor General Don Bailey's report found that the only regret should have 
been that SEPTA did not exercise the option clause in the contract.

We have only limited information of new personnel and assignments.  Mike 
Burns from Wayne Junction Shop, and recently from MBTA Boston, now heads 
Regional Railroad Division.  Kim Scott Heinle has been promoted to AGM.  
Cecil Bond is now 
responsible for budgets.  Juan M. Torres is Acting AGM, Subway/Elevated 
Division.  The reorganization appears to have extended several levels down 
in some divisions.

##D   Northeast Transit Plans Presented
by Matthew Mitchell

  Consultants working for the Philadelphia City Planning Commission held 
two informational meetings last month to inform Northeast Philadelphia 
residents about the various options for rapid transit or light rail service 
expansions in their community.  Turnout
of interested citizens was good, and the consultants were well-prepared to 
respond to their concerns.
  Seven options are presently in the study, which has now reached the 
preliminary concept stage, where routes are selected and costs and 
ridership estimated.  Six of the options involve extensions of the Market-
Frankford or Broad Street subway-elevated
lines; the seventh is an independent light rail line originally proposed by 
SEPTA in 1992.
  Two routing options have been targeted in the Northeast: Roosevelt 
Boulevard, which has long been seen as a candidate for a transit line, and 
a Bustleton Avenue route which would link up with the right of way of 
Conrail's Trenton Line, once the Reading's
New York Short Line.  On the Boulevard, both subway and elevated alignments 
have been considered.  The capital cost of the project depends heavily on 
the choice of alignment, but projected ridership is remarkably consistent 
for all the plans except the light
rail line.
  Tunneling is more expensive than building an elevated structure, but the 
per-mile costs of both types of right-of-way are very high.  Therefore, the 
Broad Street Subway extension under the Boulevard is the most costly 
choice, at an estimated $2.2 billion. 
The Subway extension over the Bustleton Ave./NYSL route is almost as 
expensive.  The Market-Frankford elevated extension is the cheapest 
alternative, at $800 million.  The other three rapid transit options are 
all in the vicinity of $1.3 billion.

The consultants used SEPTA figures for costs and ridership of the light 
rail option, so they might not be directly comparable to the other numbers, 
but it was estimated to cost $545 million and attract 36,000 daily riders, 
compared to the 64,000 to 73,000 estimated
to use the transit options.  Most of these passengers already use SEPTA: 
most taking long bus rides to catch the El at Frankford Terminal.  
Estimates of new ridership range from 8,000 to 11,000.  But the benefit to 
existing riders and the entire Northeast should
not be ignored.  Bus riders would save a lot of time with a one-seat rail 
trip to Center City: twenty minutes each way or more.  Traffic congestion, 
traffic danger, noise, and pollution would be reduced for all Northeast 
residents; and jobs would stay in Philadelphia
rather than shifting to the suburbs our out of the region entirely.  There 
are plenty of good reasons for supporting expanded rail service in this 
part of Philadelphia.
  The light rail route would follow the New York Short Line from the 
Woodhaven Road terminus, then stay on the Conrail/SEPTA route nearly to 
Fern Rock.  Rather than connecting to any existing transit route, the line 
would use the former freight tracks
along American Street, part of which are grade-separated.  The trolleys 
would then continue on-street to Center City.
  The study was performed and presented at the meetings by:  Andrew Lenton 
and Barbara Kaplan of the City Planning Commission; James Krse, Alan Urek, 
and Sheri Sansone of Kise, Franks, and Straw; and Ken Korack and Clare 
Epsteen of Transportation Resources Associates.

##E   Newtown Line Saga Continues

  Following the recent collapse of privatization efforts, SEPTA has begun 
considering operating the line itself.  The idea was reported in three 
recent Bucks County Courier Times articles.  SEPTA has asked the DVRPC to 
evaluate two proposals.
  One proposal would use the former route with apparently minimal repairs--
limiting speed to only 30mph!  Travel time is estimated at 71 minutes from 
Newtown, about 11 minutes slower than the last through service in the 
1970s.
  The other would bring trains from Newtown to about County Line station 
where a connection would be built to the Conrail Trenton Cutoff right-of-
way.  A new 50 mph track would be added on the Conrail r/w as far as the R2 
line near Fulmor.  The articles were unclear, but apparently passengers 
would be expected to transfer to R2 trains to continue to Center City.  
Cost of this option is $32 million.
  The DVRPC evaluation results are expected in January.  Funding is 
unclear.  Bucks and Montgomery Counties seem expected to pay 25% of the 
cost between them.  The rest comes from SEPTA.  Exactly where broke SEPTA 
has $24 million hiding is a mystery, especially after the recent election 
results in both Harrisburg and Washington.
  
  The newspaper credits Deputy General Manager Howard Roberts with the new 
initiative.  No service is proposed in Montgomery county, apparently to 
avoid any opposition.  The new track plan also leaves the r/w in Montgomery 
County available for use as a trail.  Interestingly, the paper describes 
this as a "congested area of Montgomery County".  However, because the plan 
reduces the number of Bucks County residents driving in Montgomery County 
there is a possibility of financial support from Montgomery
County.  The Courier Times  supports the initiative calling it win-win.   
(Thanks to M. J. Donovan for the clippings.)  CB

##F   Reinventing Amtrak: The Other Shoe Drops
by Matthew Mitchell and Don Nigro

After eleven months of the Tom Downs era at Amtrak, the honeymoon is over.  
Numerous sources, including internal Amtrak documents and reports by NARP 
and other passenger organizations, all point to drastic retrenchments in 
staffing and service at the National Railroad Passenger Corporation.  
Severance offers were made to nearly every management employee in hopes of 
shrinking the rolls by 1,500 or one-fourth of the total; the pace of 
scrapping of old rolling stock has picked up, and a meeting on the 12th
and 13th of this month is expected to result in the elimination of several 
Amtrak services.

Amtrak has taken a financial beating in 1994, resulting from the continued 
economic slump.  Ridership has slipped, while the need to remain 
competitive with the airlines (which have been engaging in cut-throat fare 
wars) has hurt revenue per passenger-mile.  Bad publicity resulting from 
the Sunset Limited catastrophe and other accidents has caused additional 
losses.

With working capital depleted by the poor short-term results, and Downs 
refusing to go back to past strategies of deferring maintenance and 
reducing the quality of service, reducing costs appears to be the only 
solution.  While hoping for a modest increase
in Federal funding, an escape with only minimal cuts from the budget axe is 
a more realistic objective in Washington.  The measures Downs is taking 
will have to be drastic.

Elimination of 1,500 administrative jobs is unlikely to solve the problem 
alone.  Cuts in service are almost inevitable; and the Philadelphia-
Harrisburg "Keystone Service" may possibly go.  If so, the Harrisburg 
trains could get a reprieve from the Pennsylvania state government, but 
that is far from assured.  DVARP is lobbying to finally put the 
Philadelphia-Harrisburg Keystone trains on a secure footing by having the 
state take full responsibility for them and contract them out to SEPTA or a 
private operator.  Meanwhile, NARP is taking steps to preserve Amtrak's 
Federal appropriation in the face of new congressional efforts to cut 
spending. 

##G   Red Rose Transit Authority News

  Need a unique present.  RRTA of Lancaster County, Pa., sells gift 
certificates for ten trip tickets and monthly passes.  They even mail them 
in a holiday card.
  Captain Planet visited the Information Center October 15, encouraging use 
of public transportation.  300 planeteers came to the event.
  RRTA expected to carry its 40 millionth passenger during November.  The 
lucky passengers will receive a year's free transit on RRTA and several 
gift certificates.
  Bus stop signs are coming--75% of the stops have received signs to date.
  The new federal transit funding cuts reduced operating funds 11.5% 
causing RRTA to curtail service expansion and instead plan cutbacks.  
(Thanks to RRTA for the info.)  CB

##H   Elmwood Depot Open House

  October 2 was open house at Elmwood Depot, a birthday party for 
streetcars.  This is one of a series of events the Light Rail Division is 
having throughout the year to build community relations.  The entire depot 
was open for inspection and photography. 
The  rail grinder for light rail track was on display.  LRV 9111 was 
returned from Germantown Depot and PCC 2701 was sent to Penns Landing, 
presenting an opportunity to see how streetcars are trucked around town 
where there is no track.  A PCC made
several trips out Island Avenue bringing back memories for many.  The crew 
room was turned into a display and model railroad room for the day.  
Outside, employees turned chief sold hot dogs and hamburgers.  With good 
weather everyone observed was
having a good time.  Another well done event.  CB

##I   Customer Service Volunteer Initiative - One Month On


  After  filling out forms for a month we can report both good and bad 
news.  First the bad.  A good look at public transportation finds a general 
mess.  Nearly every SEPTA vehicle has many windows badly scratched with 
graffiti.  Stations are becoming graffiti targets again, with SEPTA taking 
a week or more to paint it out.  The buses and streetcars are generally 
long overdue for painting and window cleaning.  Destination signs and 
engine compartment doors are broken. Stations fill with trash despite 
porters cleaning several times a day.  Homeless are often in the stations.  
Rail cars and buses alike rock and bump as they move--filling out the forms 
on a moving vehicle is a challenge.

  Thus discouraged, we took our supply of forms to "comparison shop" PATCO, 
the area's premier transit service.  Whoops.  Perceptions are everything.  
Actually taking time to look--same as at SEPTA--found graffiti at 
Collingswood station and flapping interior trim in the car.  Eight Street 
Station is dim and grimy.  In summary, funding shortfalls seem well on the 
way to returning SEPTA--and its peers-- to the bad old days of a few years 
ago.

  Well, there is one difference.  Back then there seemed to be nothing to 
do about the problem.  Now action is taken.  Shortly after sending in forms 
about dirty windows, we noticed some clean windows--somebody actually read 
the forms and took action. 
Light Rail Division was first to get back with a  response.  They washed 
the interior sides of all the LRV windows.  Now passengers can see out 
again.  In addition Light Rail Division is putting effort into getting 
schedules on the cars, making announcements, and security.  Subway/elevated 
has  painted out all the graffiti we reported.  Just carefully inspecting 
stations has resulted in employees suddenly appearing in vigorous action--
could it be reporting on what they are doing causes productivity to 
increase?  CB

##J   Rails and Trails  by James S. Morgan
  When Don Nigro asked if I would be interested in representing DVARP at 
the Open House to be held at Parvin State Park near Elmer, New Jersey on 
September 24 regarding the proposal to convert the so-called Bridgeton 
Secondary Route into a trail,
I jumped at the chance.  I have long wished to evaluate a Rails to Trails 
operation first hand.  My conclusion from the experience is generally that 
DVARP should assess Rails to Trails projects on a case by case basis.  
DVARP should remain neutral with regard
to the Bridgeton trail proposal.  Our organization should seek to assess 
and encourage the interest residents along the line have manifested toward 
a return of rail service.
  The Bridgeton Secondary Route is the original West Jersey line from 
Bridgeton to Camden surveyed in 1853 and completed in 1861.  The line 
transported primarily glass and agricultural goods.  Note that much of the 
glass traffic came from two factories
in Elmer.  The Central Railway of New Jersey hauled most of the bottles 
from the giant Owens-Illinois plant number 14 in Bridgeton until the plant 
switched to shipping by truck in 1955.  The Jersey Central likewise hauled 
the sand from the quarries at Dividing
Creek, which now go to other factories over the Winchester and Western.  
This is because the  West Jersey relinquished its interest in the Bridgeton 
& Port Norris line to Bivalve in 1878, permitting the CNJ to acquire it.  A 
great deal of canned goods were
shipped from Bridgeton over the West Jersey line.  The creamery and a 
lumber yard at Monroeville serve as examples of on-line agricultural 
sources in former days, and Nineteenth Century photographs depict seas of 
buckboards surrounding the Elmer station,
waiting to load their produce onto the train.  The line was heavily used 
for commuting.
  The route subsequently devolved to the West Jersey & Seashore, then the 
Pennsylvania-Reading Seashore Line, and finally to Conrail.  Some of it is 
still in use south of Carll's Corner.  The line was embargoed in 1984, and 
dismantling of track between
Carll's Corner and Glassboro began in 1986.  Freights access Bridgeton from 
Glassboro today by travelling the Millville line as far as Vineland and 
then proceeding to Bridgeton via the CNJ route, now operated by the 
Winchester & Western.
  What is of interest to passenger rail advocates is that passenger service 
ceased on the CNJ route in 1929.  The Jersey Central route was a convenient 
way to access the Jersey shore from New York.  It proved to be a detour for 
those wishing to travel from
Bridgeton to Philadelphia.  On the other hand, the light passenger service 
was relatively more successful on the Bridgeton  Secondary route.  It 
lasted until 1952.  
  Two factors served to bring about the demise of the line.  The first was 
the end of Railway Post Office service in 1949.  Mail service at this time 
justified two trains each way daily.  According to Don Wentzel, South 
Jersey Magazine railroad editor and
former postal employee, dropping the RPO's impaired the quality of postal 
service at that time.  Amtrak today ships mail in bulk. Because of the 
premature retirement of the RPO's, the sorting technology was never 
developed which would permit them to handle
the current volume of mail.  The second was the fact that the line 
generated little traffic.  It was indeed a classic air line route from 
Glassboro to Bridgeton, but when the line was embargoed, the only customer 
on the line was Schalick Mills, a feed concern
just off the Bridgeton route in Elmer on the stump of the old Elmer-
Riddletown line (abandoned 1943).  The abandoned Schalick storage bin 
stands today.  Conrail did not consider the 70 carloads a year which 
Schalick required (down from 158 ten years earlier)
sufficient reason to keep the line open.  PSE&G, which operates a nuclear 
power plant in Salem, was not interested in joining Schalick in fighting to 
save the line.  The Schalick brothers considered buying up a portion of the 
line (the mill is 8 miles from Glassboro,
12.5 from Bridgeton) and operating it as a shortline.  They sought 
congressional intervention.  Their efforts were to no avail.  Conrail opted 
for the roundabout way to Bridgeton on the Millville line which offers 
numerous customer sidings beginning with Vineland.
  Don Wentzel was generous enough to give me a tour of both lines on 
October 13.  While there are frontage roads along most of the Glassboro-
Vineland-Bridgeton route, the old West Jersey runs through farm fields, and 
some woods on the southern portion
of the line, often miles from parallel roads.  The northern station stops 
(Aura, Harding, Monroeville and Elmer) were located in towns.  With regard 
to the southern three stops, proceeding southward from Elmer, Palatine once 
served a long-vanished amusement
park.  Money to construct the Husted station was donated by the Husted 
family, and the station has been preserved as a dwelling, albeit several 
hundred yards from its original site. Finley was simply the name of a group 
of houses on the outskirts of Bridgeton
and Carll's Corner.  There never were towns around the three southernmost 
stations, although today there are scattered houses within a short distance 
of them.
  The Gloucester County Passenger Rail Initiative plans to extend service 
from Camden to Glassboro.  In the future, such service could extend to 
Vineland, but it might end right there.  Passenger service to Bridgeton via 
Vineland might fail today for the
same reason it failed in 1929.  I decided that it was my duty as DVARP 
representative to seek to assure preservation of the right of way until its 
possible use value could be decided.  The issue is, would conversion of the 
right of way between Carll's Corner
and Glassboro to a trail best preserve the right of way for future use?
  Thomas F. Hampton of the New Jersey Department of Environmental 
Protection and Energy informed me in a letter dated October 6, 1994 that, 
based upon the open house, the project draft plan will be modified such 
that:  "To be included in the document
will be a statement saying that if the need arises for a rail line between 
Glassboro and Bridgeton, shared use of the line for such a purpose would be 
possible."  A discussion with Valerie Celise of the same department during 
the Parvin open house indicated
that as few as five years ago, conversion of a rail right of way to a trail 
was generally irreversible, but trailfans have seen that they need to 
cooperate more with rail interest groups, and a Rails-with-Trails use is 
gaining acceptance.  
  This letter accompanied three documents which I requested from Mr. 
Hampton, "Transportation Enhancements," by the New Jersey Department of 
Transportation, the "Draft:  Conceptual Plan for the Bridgeton Secondary 
Line Trail" of August 1994, and
"Rails-With-Trails:  Sharing Corridors for Recreation and Transportation" 
by Michael Brilliot and Julie A. Winterich of the Rails-to-Trails 
Conservancy.  The first document provides an overview of the Intermodal 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act (ISTEA). 
ISTEA is a federal act under which states are reimbursed for their 
transportation enhancement activities.  New Jersey expects to set aside $10 
million in federal funding annually through 1997 under the program.  
Eligible projects include provision of facilities
for pedestrians and bicycles, scenic or historic highway programs, 
acquisition of scenic easements and scenic or historic sites, landscaping 
or other scenic beautification, historic preservation, rehabilitation and 
operation of historic transportation structures,
preservation of abandoned railway corridors (including conversion to 
pedestrian or bicycle trails), mitigation of water pollution from highway 
runoff, and archaeological planning and research.  Project selection 
criteria and the project selection process
are detailed in the publication.
  The Draft, after discussing the history of the line and its current use, 
focuses upon issues which could affect acquisition.  First, of course, is 
the fact that Conrail may no longer own any of the line.  Conrail sold 
portions to the borough of Elmer, Elk Township,
and the Monroeville Fire Volunteer Company in addition to private 
individuals.  The borough of Elmer has been selling the portions it 
acquired to adjacent property owners.  Then according to Fred Winkler of 
the Winchester and Western and the Delaware
Valley Regional Planning Committee, title of the portions Conrail did not 
sell has passed to the New Jersey Department of Transportation, which has 
rail banked the line.  The NJDOT could exercise its right to eminent domain 
over the entire line.  On the other
hand, Route 55 crosses the line, an engineering error which could easily 
have been avoided.  Reactivation of the line would require construction of 
a bridge.  
  Regarding other factors, residents along the line have voiced a variety 
of objections to the trail project.  When I first arrived at Parvin, it 
appeared that the opponents of trails were also opponents of rails, and 
some were.  Flag-waving demonstrators bearing
signs reading, "No Rails, No Trails," greeted Open House participants.  
After chatting with Valerie Celise at the proponents' table (where Ernest 
Barry stood armed with a scrapbook of oldtime rail photos taken on the 
line, "In case any railfans show up,") I
walked over to talk to David Schirick of Citizens Committee against the 
Trail (CAT).  After hearing his arguments against the trail, I asked what 
he thought of returning rail service to the line.  He stated that the line 
was built to serve the farmers' needs.  The
railroad acquired many tracts for the sum of $1.  If the farmers could not 
have rail service, they wished to buy the land back.  He said no, take the 
rails some other place, it is only on the east coast that there are enough 
people for rail service.  I should note
that it was he who showed me the publications which I eventually ordered 
from Mr. Hampton.
  At that point, I walked over to the trail advocates' table and signed the 
trail petition in an individual capacity, telling Ernest Barry that I was 
doing so solely to enter my name on a mailing list so as to receive 
information.  About the only document on
the proponents' table was his scrapbook.  Then I discovered something no 
one had told me about, another room filled with arguing people, report 
forms and some publications, albeit not the draft project or the overview 
of ISTEA.  I sat down and filled out
a report.  I noted that I was from DVARP, that the Gloucester passenger 
rail initiative was seeking to extend service to Glassboro.  The Bridgeton 
Secondary Line might be a useful extension.  But I stated that I wanted 
more information on the legal basis of
the project, and that I was not sure that the trail project would preserve 
the right of way for future rail use.  Teenage girls with CAT badges were 
reading the reports as they were filed.
  When I drove to Parvin, I passed through Brotmanville and Norma.  The 
population of Brotmanville is almost entirely African-American.  Norma has 
a large Jewish population and a Mennonite church.  The Jewish community at 
Norma dates from the
early 1800s, but Norma lies on the CNJ line.  Elmer and Lawnside were the 
two major south Jersey stations on the Underground Railroad.  I saw a black 
farmer with a CAT badge who turned out to be from the only African-American 
community on the line
at Aura and began questioning him on his attitudes toward the project.  
This began to attract other CAT members.  As I was leaving, David Schirick 
said that his group had nothing against the rails.  They really were not 
against hikers and bikers, just ATVs
(all terrain vehicles).  When the tracks were there, the trains kept the 
vehicles and litterers out.  Some farmers would like to have freight 
service.  I had difficulty explaining that DVARP was only a passenger rail 
advocacy group.  Skip Meyers, president of
USANA, the United Sportsmen's Association of North America, voiced similar 
opinions.  USANA operates New Jersey's largest shooting range at Aura, 
which the right of way bisects.
  Turning to objections to the trail project, I spent the weeks after the 
trip to Parvin talking with officials from the municipal entities along the 
right of way, specifically Elk Township (Aura), Upper Pittsgrove Township 
(Monroeville), the Borough of Elmer,
Pittsgrove Township and Upper Deerfield Township, and Glassboro.  I am 
mentioning no names so that no one wishing to remain anonymous may be 
identified by elimination.  Only Glassboro is in favor of the trail 
project.  The first five municipal entities
mentioned have courteously supplied me with copies of the resolutions they 
have passed against the project.  All townships or boroughs which either 
own part of the right of way or in which individuals or organizations own 
parts of it in such a way that the
land forms part of the municipal tax base are opposed to the trail project.  
Some fear that the State of New Jersey may use its power of eminent domain 
to implement it.  Common to all resolutions is the fear that the trail 
would not be adequately policed.  The
right of way is 66 feet wide for most of its length, and there are, as 
mentioned above, no frontage roads.  At the present time, residents must 
rely on the New Jersey State Police in Bridgeton for problems arising from 
the right of way.  Currently, the right of
way is used by persons with ATVs who often trespass on adjacent farmlands 
and damage crops.  The right of way is being used for dumping primarily 
because it can accommodate vehicles.  Although this is not explicitly 
stated in any resolutions, municipal
officials feel that ATV gangs can be intimidating to adjacent property 
owners.  Municipal officials object that they should not have to clean up 
after horseback riders.  In addition, several officials voiced concern that 
trail users might be injured by agricultural
pesticides.  The Draft states that the DEP will regulate pesticide use so 
as to protect trail users.  USANA's shooting ranges apparently point away 
from the line, but trespassers could subject themselves to the risk of 
severe injury.
  What about objections to reactivation of rail use?  Some officials in 
municipalities which own portions of the right of way are hostile to using 
it for trails or rails.  I asked one official if his municipality would act 
as a roadblock if communities to the north
and south wished the line to return to service.  He stated that he was told 
this was impossible.  Residents have been told it would be cheaper for them 
to drive to Glassboro than to reopen the line.  But some officials said 
that rail commuter service would open
up travel opportunities to residents and help the area develop.  This is 
particularly true in southern townships.  Even an official in a northern 
municipality stated that the trail would not be objectionable if rail 
service were resumed.
  A railfan has chided me for talking to the farmers, USANA and the 
municipal officials.  A call to the NRHS national office indicates that 
support for Rails-to-Trails is not a national organizational policy.  I 
told Valerie Celise that Rails-to-Trails is a catchy
phrase that targets rails.  I asked her why trailfans do not also pursue 
issues like zoning.  One trailfan was loudly holding forth to a CAT member 
on all the trails Germany provides.  I was tempted to tell him that this is 
so because Germany has more rails and
prohibits scatter settlement.  The same railfan also suggested that once 
the adjacent property owners buy up the right of way, it can never be 
reactivated.  In such case, the property owners will harm only their own 
interests.  

Analysis Section

##K   Center City Commutation Trends
by John A. Dawson

  As part of its decennial census, the U.S. Census Bureau collects 
voluminous information on how workers commute to their jobs.  Since this 
then serves as the basis for planning new transportation facilities, it is 
important to understand what this data is
telling us.
  In many ways the Philadelphia area is following national trends, and many 
of these trends are not favorable to public transportation.  In our region 
the share of workers driving alone to work has increased from 59% in 1980 
to 68% in 1990, ride-sharing
has fallen from 18% to 12%, and transit use went from 14% to 11%.  [In this 
context transit includes all public transportation, including regional 
rail.]
  Much of this shift away from transit can be explained as a consequence of 
the movement of people and jobs to the suburbs, where development favors 
the automobile.  However, even when one only looks at jobs in central 
business districts, the shift is
still there.  The following table, based on 1990 census data, shows how 
employees reached their jobs in Center City Philadelphia:

County of	Number of	Share Using
Residence	Workers	Transit	

Philadelphia	156,142	45.7%	
Bucks	8,898	31.4%	
Chester	5,584	51.7	
Delaware	22,635	48.7	
Montgomery	17,623	40.4	
Total PA Suburbs	54,740	43.5%	

Burlington	6,509	35.8%	
Camden	17,149	52.2	
Gloucester	5,133	23.6	
Mercer	555	34.1	
Total NJ Suburbs	29,346	43.2%	

External	6,431	20.0%	

Grand Total	246,659	44.3%

Because the Census only reports employees who worked at their primary jobs 
during the census week, the above numbers should be increased by 10% in 
order to account for absences and workers holding multiple jobs.  However, 
this adjustment should not have a significant effect on the modal split.
  First, note that 63% of Center City employees live in Philadelphia, 22% 
come from suburban counties in Pennsylvania, and 12% commute from suburban 
New Jersey.  Only 3% come from outside the region, the largest share coming 
from New Castle County
in Delaware.
  The bad news is that only 44% of Center City employees commute by public 
transportation.  This is the first census since the Census Bureau started 
collecting journey-to-work data that this share has been below 50%.  In 
1980 the transit share to Center
City was 58% and in 1970 it was 64%.  Even for workers resident in 
Philadelphia, only 46% took transit; however, it should be mentioned that 
16,000 city residents walked to their jobs and another 1,000 came by 
bicycle.  Although there is a considerable spread
in the transit share among individual counties, in aggregate the suburbs 
send almost as large a share of their workers on public transportation as 
does the city.
  The good news is that workers apparently respond to good service.  The 
only counties to send over half their workers on public transportation are 
Camden and Chester.  At first glance, these counties do not appear to have 
much in common.  One is in New Jersey, the other is in Pennsylvania; one is 
close in, the other far out; and one is almost completely suburbanized, 
while the other is still largely rural.  But what they do share is good 
service.  Camden County has the Lindenwold Line, PATCO's heavy rail
transit line, running up its spine, and Chester County is served by Route 
R5, SEPTA's best regional rail line.  At the other end of the spectrum is 
Gloucester County, which puts only 24% of its Center City workers on public 
transportation.  But Gloucester County has no rail service at all, relying 
entirely on buses.  Presumably, this situation will change when and if rail 
service is inaugurated to Glassboro.
   While the shift of homes and jobs to the suburbs is a major factor in 
diminishing transit's role, it is not the only one.  The lesson here is 
that unless we continually improve public transportation, we will lose 
ground to highways.  As the Red Queen told
Alice, "It takes all the running you can do to stay in one place."

##L   Commuter Rail Still Not Considered in Northeast Transit Plans
by Matthew Mitchell
Despite a DVARP request and a newsletter story suggesting that commuter 
rail may be a more cost-effective alternative due to its ability to use 
existing infrastructure, the mode still is not included in the study.  
Though first citing lower capacity as the reason,
a consultant soon let on that the study was initially formulated as rapid-
transit only, as per the earmark of Federal funds which paid for it.  The 
light rail option was added at the request of SEPTA.  

The continued disregard of the commuter rail option may be based on some 
unbalanced assumptions.  Conventional wisdom holds that the operating costs 
of commuter rail would be prohibitive, but the study's cost figures assume 
much automation of fare collection. 
If that assumption was also made for commuter rail, operating costs would 
come down.  Likewise, the study's revenue assumptions are based on 
establishment of zoned transit fares in the Northeast, something which is 
far from a political certainty.  In fact,
zoned fares on transit would make the existing R3, R7, and R8 commuter 
trains which skirt the Northeast a more attractive alternative.  

A few other problems creep up in the study.  It recognizes that many of the 
riders of a Northeast Metro would be diverted from other routes, but the 
operating costs are stated on an incremental basis for only the Market-
Frankford extensions.  The savings which
would result from the reduced Market-Frankford demand are not accounted for 
in the Broad Street or light rail plans.  Not only does this skew the 
operating cost figures, but it also adds to the capital costs of the other 
plans, since more cars are figured to be
needed.  

Inclusion of the light rail option is clearly an afterthought which has not 
been worked up as fully as the subway or elevated plans.  Changes in bus 
service which are used to sharpen the operating cost estimate are not 
included for option 7, and other calculations
are similarly handled.  There is some welcome outside critique of the SEPTA 
proposal, though.  Its projected running time of 36 minutes is seen as 
over-optimistic.  Still, even a reasonable 'back-of-the-envelope' analysis 
of competing modes is an essential
thing to have as this stage of the planning process.

Where would that leave commuter rail?  A future article will try to tackle 
that, as well as project bottom-line costs of the other alternatives.  The 
capacity argument against commuter rail is suspect, though.  Based on SEPTA 
ridership statistics, daily ridership
of 70,000 would scale to a peak-hour, peak-direction ridership of about 
6,000 to 6,500: less if the reverse-commute fraction is high.  This kind of 
ridership can be accommodated on commuter rail: with eight six-car trains 
per hour (a 7.5 minute headway--slightly
fewer trains than on the peak hour of the Paoli line) 6,500 passengers can 
be handled with everyone getting a seat!

Views and Opinions Section

##M   Quote of the month
  "If the destination is common sense, then you can't get there from here 
-- not this way."  Bucks County Courier Times editorial board, November 18, 
describing government funding of highways, cutting transit subsidies, and 
demanding cleaner air.

##N   Fare Giveaways Would Hurt Commuters
by John R. Pawson
No one likes to pay more for transportation than is necessary.  However, 
enlightened people recognize that underpricing can lead to low-quality 
service.  Alone of the 13 U.S. commuter rail operations, RRD is criticized 
as being too good in some qualities and
too high in price; some would have it downgraded to rail-transit quality 
and price levels.  So in that light, we should scrutinize the current SEPTA 
fare-change proposals.

  For the sake of achieving a higher, less assailable operating-cost 
recovery, RRD's revenue is most critical.  It is interesting to see how 
that parameter might be improved so that opponents no longer have an excuse 
to pursue the railroad's transitization.

  This year RRD's operating cost is $172 million; its expected revenue is 
$64 million; and its resulting loss (which must be made up mainly by state 
and local subsidies) is $108 million.  Operating-cost recovery therefore is 
37%.  (U.S. commuter rail average
is 48%.)

  Suppose we set an objective of 50% cost recovery for RRD.  What revenue 
addition would be required, or what cost reduction would be needed to reach 
this objective?  First fixing cost, we find that revenue would have to rise 
from $64 million to $86 million,
a $22 million increase.  Alternately fixing revenue, the operating cost 
would have to be reduced from $172 million to $128 million, a cut of $44 
million.  The conclusion is that an added dollar of revenue gives twice the 
leverage of $1 in cost reduction.
  So every means should be considered to increase revenues; it's more 
important than cutting cost, not just equivalent.  Moreover, the last thing 
SEPTA should do is to give away value which customers are willing to pay 
for.

  Giving away value is almost as old as SEPTA's operation of the railroad.  
A few years after the takeover from Conrail, a trial-balloon was lofted--
SEPTA would charge the same railroad fare for all distances travelled, like 
transit's "flat fare".  Anyone who
has passed Economics 101 or who has some economic common sense knows that 
some short-distance passengers would leave, depriving SEPTA of some 
revenue.  Concurrently, more revenue would be lost from long-distance 
customers by undercharging them. 
Fortunately, this anti-economic scheme was discarded.

  More recently, all Transpass holders have been allowed to ride off-peak 
RRD trains within city limits without extra payment.  They are getting 
something free for which most of them would pay.

  Most recently, a Wednesday night-in-town $2 round-trip fare was added.  
Many reverse commuters who use tickets which cost more than $2 buy these 
tickets to use going home Wednesday evenings, then throw away the return 
portion of the ticket.

  Under SEPTA's current fare proposals, these giveaways are to be added to 
those already existing:
  1. Fern Rock, a zone 2 station within the zone 2 ring, is to be made a 
zone 1 station.
  2. Zone 1 customers are to be allowed to ride Saturdays, Sundays, and 
Holidays anywhere in SEPTA's service area by showing a Transpass; no 
additional fare is to be required.
  3. Zone 1 Trailpasses are to be discontinued, their place taken by the 
standard Transpass.  So current zone 1 monthly Trailpass users who now pay 
$68 monthly will enjoy instead the new $64 Transpass rate with all of its 
free-riding potential to boot. 
Meanwhile, most other passengers are to pay about 7% more for their 
tickets.

  It's difficult for laypersons to estimate the effective loss to SEPTA of 
all past and proposed RRD-related dilutions of revenue.  The easiest figure 
to estimate is the foregone revenue which would result from eliminating the 
zone 1 Trailpass instead if increasing
its rates (e.g., the monthly pass from $68 to $72).  In that case alone, 
SEPTA would forego about $130,000 annually.

  Other, less obvious losses, as well as operating cost increases are 
likely, too.  For instance, more seats must be provided in RRD trains for 
those diverted from City Transit Division.

  Why do this?  The realist, on seeing economic sub-optimization, tends to 
think that there must be a political factor involved.  Evidently, that 
factor relates to Philadelphia's reported demand to be allowed a reduction 
in its annual payments for RRD.  But
how can a series of giveaways to benefit zone 1 passengers (some of whom 
are quite well-off)--a matter between SEPTA and some of its customers--
relate logically to negotiations between SEPTA and one of its supporting 
governments?

  Regardless of the non-sequitur, it appears that the SEPTA fare changes 
were conceived before Election Day, 1994.  In view of the results of that 
election, the fare giveaways would seem as politically ill-timed as they 
are economically negative.  The mandate
would seem to be for more cost-effective government.  More to the point, 
legislators from inner-city areas (as zone 1) are yielding positions of 
authority to suburban legislators who likely are out of sympathy with 
adding more fare loopholes.
  If political and economic common sense is to be followed, SEPTA should 
move in the opposite direction.  Maximize revenues by closing loopholes.  
Eliminate the current Transpass-on-RRD privileges.  Rationalize or end the 
$2 Wednesday night fare. 
Tailor parking fees to the supply-demand situation at each lot.  Finally, 
offer weekday commuters a no-frills, weekdays-only, railroad-only 
CommuterRailPass for, say, 92% of the going all-inclusive Trailpass rate.

  Most commuters are uninterested in all sorts of extra services and in 
cross-subsidizing them.  Why should the be required to pay for them?

##O   Letters To The Editor

I recently took a trip from my home in Philadelphia to a meeting in Bryn 
Mawr using the El and the Paoli local.  My experience highlights the 
problems SEPTA faces in providing an alternative to auto travel.

  I left my house after 6:30 in the evening and walked to the Girard stop 
of the El.  Except for some remaining construction details, the station was 
clean and well lit.  The next El train arrived within a couple of minutes.  
The car I was on was clean, well
lit and had no apparent mechanical or graffiti problems.

As the doors closed at 15th Street, some kid threw bubble gum into the car 
and hit me.
As I was walking from the El stop to the train station at 30th Street I was 
panhandled for money.
When I arrived at the upper level platform in 30th Street Train Station I 
was panhandled for money.
As I waited at the upper level platform in 30th Street Train Station I was 
panhandled for money by yet another individual.

The 7:19 pm Local was on time, clean, had three nearly full cars, and the 
train crew announced all the stops over a properly working intercom.

After my meeting a friend drove me back to 30th and Market Streets, where I 
caught the El home.  As I was walking in the El stop at 30th Street I was 
panhandled for money.

  The next El train arrived within a couple of minutes.  The car I was on 
was clean, well lit and had no apparent mechanical or graffiti problems.  I 
was home by 9:30 pm.

  SEPTA needs a service policy statement about "professional" panhandlers.  
All the panhandlers I encountered were full time career beggars; one of 
them routinely does the "evening shift" at 30th Street; another one was 
better dressed than I can afford with a new YSL running suit and $100 
running shoes.

  The bottom line is:  Even though SEPTA's Transportation, M/W, and 
Mechanical departments "did a good job," I cannot recommend the trip to 
anyone.  There were five different assaults on my person during this trip 
-- four were on SEPTA property. 
If any one of these events had been serious I would be dead.

Brian Helfrich

##P   DVARP Internal News

DVARP Position on the Fare Increase

  Our final position is still being developed by a working group.  Member 
input is encouraged, through the mailbox of telephone.  At the November 19 
general meeting, the members voted to include four points in our statement.
1.  Support for the general concept of an increase that generates the 
expected 7% revenue increase.  This was based on the lack of realistic 
alternate funding sources.
2. Recommendation that transfers be priced at 25 cents.  This was based on 
the inconvenience of the transfer and the fact that most transferring 
passengers do not have an alternative.  In effect the transfer price is a 
penalty fare for not working a one seat ride
from home--hardly reasonable if the concept of metropolitan areas is to 
remain valid.
3. Opposition to extending RRD zone 1 to include Fern Rock Transfer.  
First, it was felt that this would cause those park and riding at Fern Rock 
to use RRD rather than BSS, thus overloading RRD trains for a short 
segment.  More importantly, this is a fare
increase for inner city workers reverse commuting.  Four times as many 
passengers currently board going north as south at Fern Rock Transfer.
4. A new (additional) fare instrument, the Commuter Rail Pass, is proposed.  
This would have zones 1, 2, 3, 4, and Anywhere identical to the TrailPass 
on RRD trains.  However, there would be no transit division privileges with 
this pass.  The price of a Commuter
Rail Pass would be 92% of the corresponding TrailPass.  This pass was 
designed by DVARP's Commuter Rail Committee for many RRD passengers who do 
not  use transit routes, but who feel that the transit priviledges of the 
TrailPass have increased the
price for this unused feature. 

DVARP Election
  As reported last month, this month DVARP is having an election.  For 
efficiency, there are two issues on the ballot.  The first issue is should 
DVARP change structure.  Currently, DVARP has monthly general membership 
meetings at which those members
present vote on the issues.  Officers, elected by the general membership, 
carry out the decisions and make any decisions that arise between meetings.  
The proposal is to form a Board of Directors which would have monthly Board 
meetings.  While the Board
meetings would be open to all members, only Board members would vote on the 
issues.  Also, the Board--rather than the membership--would elect the 
officers.  The feeling is that this will make the meetings more efficient, 
thereby saving scarce volunteer time.

  The second issue is the election of Directors.  Of course, if the Board 
structure is voted down then the Directors would not take office and the 
current officers would remain until another election is held for new 
officers.

  Please take a few minutes and read the statements by the candidates for 
Director.  Then vote for not more than 9 candidates.  Provision is made on 
the ballot for write-ins; no more than 9 total from both write-ins and 
candidates may be selected on your
ballot.

  Members in good standing are entitled to vote.  These members have a code 
1994 or higher at the right edge of the top line of the mailing label, but 
do NOT have a code P, L, or C after the year.  DVARP's postal permit 
requires that all newsletters weigh
the same.  This prevented including a second ballot for family members.  
Family members should make a copy of the ballot and send both ballots in 
together.  Family memberships have the code $, *, &, #, or F at the extreme 
right side of the top line of the
mailing label.  Members who want to keep their newsletter may also use a 
copy of the ballot.

  There are four ways to submit your ballot.  First bring it to the 
December meeting BEFORE 1:15pm.  The other three ways use the mail and 
require that the outermost covering identify you so that the ballot can be 
verified to be from a member in good
standing.  Three methods are provided to allow for members with varying 
levels of concern for both secret ballot and out-of-pocket cost.  Cheapest 
method is to fold the ballot into a mailer, tape it shut, apply a 29 cent 
stamp, write your name and address on
the outside, and mail.  Next cheapest is to put the ballot in an envelop, 
apply the stamp, write your name and address on the envelop, and mail.  
These envelopes will be separated from the ballots before going into the 
pile for counting at the meeting.  Third
method is to put the ballot inside an unmarked, sealed envelope, put that 
envelope inside a second envelope, apply the stamp, write your name and 
address on the outer envelope and mail.  The outer envelope will be 
separated from the ballot after verification
for membership before going into the pile for counting--the inner envelope 
will insure a secret ballot.  To ensure an impartial election ballots are 
to be sent to the Election Chairman, who is not a candidate:  John
Wireman, 574A Rosalie St.,  Philadelphia, Pa, 19120.

Candidacy Statements for DVARP Board Election:

Chuck Bode
 Baltimore Ave., Philadelphia, PA
Top priority is significantly increasing ridership on public 
transportation, especially the rail lines.  For DVARP:  focus on increasing 
membership and visibility, increasing level of communication with transit 
and planning agencies and with elected and appointed
officials.  DVARP should work more closely with associations sharing 
similar objectives including ARPs, environmental, and community groups.  
Served DVARP as president, secretary, chairman of light rail committee, 
testified at numerous hearings.  Engineer
in computer field.

John A. Dawson
17 Cornell Rd., Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004-2104
Home: (610) 667-9260,    Work: (215) 592-18000, x-153
A good public transportation system is an asset for any metropolitan area, 
and here in this region, we have inherited a comprehensive and basically 
sound system.  But it needs to be modernized, and
it can be made to work better.  I believe that DVARP should promote an 
integrated public transportation system, work to see that it is adequately 
funded, encourage its use, seek to improve its efficiency
and effectiveness, and act as a consumer advocate for riders.  I am a 
transportation planner, and have served several years on NARP's Board of 
Directors.

Robert H. Machler
NE Philadelphia, Pa.
Background:  Retired elec. engineer, NARP member since 1970, an original 
founder of DVARP--active since 1972 including advocacy for balanced 
transportation funding including contacts with elected
officials and SEPTA.
DVARP's goals should be:
 Preserve SEPTA's commuter rail system as a commuter rail system.
 Service to Newtown via Fox Chase & other nonserviced areas initially at 
least via nonelectric (such as diesel) power.
 Preserve and restore the trolley system.
 Preserve our existing city railroad stations.  Rebuild and restore 
service at Frankford Junction Station (SEPTA/NJT).
 Make transit/train stops safer via electronic surveillance, police mini 
stations, better lights, commercial activity.

Matthew D. Mitchell, Ph.D.
 Glenside, Abington Twp., Montgomery Co., PA
As an active DVARP member since 1986, I have applied my observations, 
experience, and analytical and writing skills wherever our organization has 
needed them.  I have organized major projects
like the commuter rail on-time and service survey and the nationwide 
volunteer project to make Amtrak schedules available to the public via the 
internet.  I coordinated the writing of many DVARP
policy papers, including the report on the Harrisburg service, our 
testimony for the RailWorks(R) shutdown hearing, numerous budget 
statements, and countless statements for SEPTA route tariff hearings. 

I have chaired DVARP's Transit Committee since 1989; but most members know 
me for the work I have done with the DVARP newsletter.  And thanks to my 
service on the Citizens Advisory
Committee to SEPTA (1987-90) and with DVARP, I have a good professional 
relationship with many of SEPTA's officers and staff.

The work I do for DVARP is complemented in my professional life, where I 
analyze and make recommendations on medical technology.  
I welcome the proposed change to our organizational structure, and will 
work to continue DVARP's reputation for objective advocacy for the train 
and transit users of the entire region.

Bill Mulloy
Upper Darby, Delaware Co., PA
I am employed as a civil engineer although I am not currently working in 
the transportation field.  I am interested in all modes of transportation 
and believe in the intermodal approach to solving transportation problems.

I have a particular interest in light rail and have recently begun 
researching the trolley bus (trackless trolley) mode.  I am looking into 
the feasibility of applying the trolleybus mode to the Chestnut St./Walnut 
St. corridor between Center City and 69th Street
(Route 21).

I believe that DVARP would benefit from offering social and special topic 
activities.  The monthly business meeting and committee meetings serve a 
purpose, but are only attracting a small fraction of the membership.  I 
feel that social and special topics activities
would attract new people and those individuals could likely be recruited to 
help with DVARP business and projects needing volunteers.  I have several 
ideas that I would like to try out:  field trips to museums, showing of 
videos in member's homes, and joint
meetings with other organizations having similar goals and interests.

Don Nigro
Collingswood (Camden) -- Computer analyst.  DVARP's representative to the 
Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission (DVRPC) Regional Citizens 
Committee (RCC).  Chairperson of the RCC Transportation/Work Program 
Subcommittee.  The RCC's
voting representative on the DVRPC Regional Transportation Committee.  
DVARP's South Jersey Coordinator and Chairperson of DVARP's South Jersey 
Committee.  

Strong advocate for improving rail travel (and thereby its patronage and 
cost recovery) through enhancing speed and reliability of the service.  
Where applicable, champions a one-seat ride to Center City, Philadelphia, 
whether it be for Northeast Philadelphia,
Newtown, Quakertown, Pottstown, Mt. Holly or Glassboro.  Supports the 
restoration of Philadelphia trolley service.  Rights-of-way 
preservationist.

John R. Pawson
Willow Grove, Montgomery Co., PA
My qualifications:  Experienced seven years commuting by railroad here, 
four by rapid transit, three by streetcar, one by bus.  Past DVARP 
president.
What SEPTA needs:  Three distinctly different divisions with different 
clienteles and customer expectations call for more decentralization and 
greater decision-making authority and responsibility
for each division and its chief.
What DVARP needs:  Correspondingly, DVARP should decentralize, too.  Policy 
decisions must be made by those who would have to live with and travel 
according to those decisions.  This
is the only democratic solution to the divisive struggle in DVARP over the 
future of SEPTA's Railroad Division.

William A. Ritzler
Pitman, Gloucester Co., NJ
Member DVARP, NJARP, and NARP.  Vice-chairman DVARP South Jersey Committee.  
DVARP representative to NJ Transit Citizens Advisory Committee for 
Burlington-Gloucester Corridor
Study.  Created t approved proposal to restructure DVARP.  Supports the 
following proposals:
1) A one-seat ride in the Burlington and Gloucester corridors.
2) Burlington corridor to Mt. Holly via existing railroad right-of-way
3) Commuter rail for Northeast Philadelphia.
4) R6 Norristown via Bala-Cynwyd.
5) SEPTA operation of Harrisburg service.
6) Evaluate current commuter rail mode on R7 CHE, R8 CHW, and R8 Fox Chase 
lines.

Sharon Shneyer
245 South Melville Street, Philadelphia, PA 19139
Long-time rail and transit activist, starting with the Seashore trains.  I 
am tired of rail being accused as too expensive and not practical.  I would 
like to see better transit connections at rail stations
and improvements in the NEC and Harrisburg service as well.  My involvement 
with other ARPS, NARP and related groups will be vital to DVARP.  We face 
the biggest threat to Amtrak's existence since the Reagan era.

##Q  DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory
   DVARP main number (voice mail line)   215-222-3373 
9  Chuck Bode, President                 215-222-3373 
6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration  215-222-3373 
5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations   215-386-2644
3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor   215-885-7448
      <mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov>
4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator   215-222-3373 
8  Mark Sanders, Treasurer               215-222-3373
2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.        215-659-7736 
       (6 to 9 pm please)
3  Transit Committee                     215-222-3373 
7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committee     609-869-0020
   Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator       215-232-6303

Computer e-mail (internet)   dvarp@libertynet.org 



##R  DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  

	Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1994!	

Name		

Address	

City, State, Zip	

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00 	(  ) Family:  $20.00	(  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00	(  ) Patron: $75.00	(  ) Benefactor: $100.00

(  ) Introductorynew members only: $10.00	(  ) under 21 or over 65: 
$7.50	





