1972 - 1992   DVARP Twentieth Anniversary

1892 - 1992   Philadelphia Electric Streetcar Centennial

The

Delaware Valley

	Rail Passenger



September 8, 1992

Vol. X, No. 9

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373

President: Chuck Bode	for other officers and committee chairs, see page 14



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger…

2	SEPTA Capital Budget hearing; DVARP asks for total reform.

3	Hundreds speak out at SEPTA rail cut hearings.

4	On the Railroad Lines:  Airport Line trains to be extended to Glenside? 

	Kudos for R2 conductor.  Surprise: Chestnut Hill West service cuts!

	Sudden Frankford Junction closing smells fishy.

6	Railworks Roundup:   Raise a toast; Fox Chase trains are back!

7	Long-overdue Norristown car now in service!

8	Trolley Coalition news:  Route 15 gets repaired bridge, modern trolleys.

9	City Transit schedules change Sunday; highlights here.

	Broad-Ridge will return after RailWorks®

13	Rethink post-Railworks commuter stops to increase revenue, reduce costs. 

14	Amtrak update:  Report to Congress on new routes.  Dates of Interest

15	Up and Down the Corridor:  Virginia success.  

	Try DVARP’s new voice mail network!



Passengers Win !!!

SEPTA Restores Fox Chase Train with DVARP Plan!

After a year-long fight, DVARP won restored commuter rail service for Fox Chase passengers who had lost it due to the Railworks® project. With the cooperation of Conrail, SEPTA is running two diesel-powered round-trips each weekday over the detour route proposed by DVARP.  The service will run until regular service is restored October 5.  	



DVARP Plays Big Part at Capital Hearing:

SEPTA Trolley Shutdown Called Unwise

Turnout at the SEPTA Capital Budget and Capital Program hearing (see August DVRP) was predictably light, despite the long-term significance of the plans up for consideration.  A number of individuals and groups had strong criticism of SEPTA’s plan to temporarily replace streetcars with electric buses on three city lines.  The opposition was based not only on a desire to keep the trolleys running, but on economic grounds as well. 

DVARP’s statement was presented to the hearing examiner by Donald Nigro, chairman of DVARP’s Capital Budget Task Force.  The testimony constructively criticized the capital budget process, design, and format, while suggesting substantial improvements. Critiques on most of the individual SEPTA capital projects were presented, and desirable new opportunities for SEPTA were outlined. Finally, the statement reiterated DVARP’s previous call for SEPTA’s internal reorganization. 

The following is excerpted from the statement sections on budget process, design, and format (copies of the full 24 page document may be obtained by sending a $3.00 check to DVARP): 

The SEPTA budget process by which management makes important policy decisions and gives the Board no real alternative but to approve them is not acceptable.  DVARP presents direction for ensuring that important policy decisions are made at the proper level of SEPTA and in a public-spirited manner.  Once implemented, this proposal would begin to rebuild the trust which, unfortunately, has been diminished by the authority’s management. 

Capital expenditures should be used to reduce operating costs, to increase ridership, and to generate revenue in a cost effective manner.  Logically, capital programs can only follow operating programs.  DVARP believes that the SEPTA Board should have an operating program.  Based on the long term program, the Board would guide the preparation of an annual operating plan spelling out the level of service for each of SEPTA’s routes and desirable changes to the operation in the coming years.  Then, the staff would determine what resources are needed to implement the Board’s annual operating plan.  Next, staff would develop the appropriate budgets, bringing the inevitable conflicts between what is desirable and what is attainable to the Board, so the Board could adjust the operating plan accordingly.

Getting the process in the appropriate sequence will reverse the present wasteful approach in which the staff makes assumptions about operations in the absence of the Board’s stated policy.  Such a plan would also put SEPTA’s priorities in order.  (A possible schedule for the revised annual planning and budgeting process was included within DVARP’s submitted written statement.) 

Reforming the Capital Budget process is essential so that the public obtains the maximum benefits from its investment in SEPTA. This call for reform is not new.  DVARP ask that the hearing examiner review the 1987 Citizens Advisory Committee Report On SEPTA and inquire how many and which of the Committee’s recommendations have been implemented in the five years since it release. 

In the 1993 Capital Budget, some projects are clearly defined. However, many of the Capital Budget projects, as currently presented, contain multiple loosely related elements.  The public gets no idea of the scope of these projects and thus cannot determine if they are an appropriate use of public money.  Even discrete projects are inadequately detailed at present. 

Costs and benefits for each significant element of each project should be quantified.  That the STD Track Improvement Program will improve the ride, operating efficiency and reliability of the system while reducing track maintenance costs is a given—otherwise why do the project?  Will the speed improve and, if so, how much?  How much will maintenance costs be reduced and where is this shown in the Operating Budget?  Development of the factors used in the ranking process also needs to be discussed for each project. 

Each project should be described in a manner where all major, separable parts are individually described and costed.  Only in this manner can the passengers, the public, and elected officials make rational decisions on the relative value of various potential capital expenditures during periods of insufficient funding.  

	—Don Nigro



Hundreds Denounce Proposed SEPTA Rail Cuts

 Last week’s public hearings on the curtailment of weekend train service on half of SEPTA’s commuter rail lines, the closure of four stations, and various other service cuts brought out an unprecedented number of citizens in opposition.  In the face of the opposition’s vehemence, SEPTA backed away from the planned cuts; spokespersons stressed that the cuts were not final.

Mr. Krambles comes to town 

The first surprise was that George Krambles, was to be the Hearing Examiner.  It was certainly not the last surprise.  Krambles is the former General Manager of the Chicago Transit Authority and a well-known commentator on transit issues.  Krambles writes a column for the New Electric Railway Journal, published by the conservative Free Congress Educational Foundation.  Krambles himself is not involved in politics, though.  The choice of Krambles as Hearing Examiner was a wise one.  As an outsider, he is in a better position to take a fresh look at SEPTA’s budget problems; while as a transit specialist rather than a lawyer, he can better judge the issue of whether management is making wise decisions.  Krambles plans to issue his report in time for the Board to decide on the cuts at its September 24 meeting.

SEPTA was represented by David Layton and Harry Garforth.  Mr. Layton, Deputy Director for Budgets and Planning, blamed “a continued ridership slump has reduced the original projections and a total subsidy shortfall of more than $27 million has made it necessary to achieve the level of almost $65 million in expense reductions to achieve a balanced budget…. Changes and reductions to the primary service we provide to our passengers have been kept as small as feasible.”

Layton revealed a surprising figure: “We changed the schedules drastically for the Railworks  project.  We operate two railroads instead of one.  That cost us a premium of six or seven million dollars on a base of $150 million.” (ed. note: despite the shutdown of service on three entire lines and part of three others) DVARP then asked: “Was the operating budget effect of ‘making two railroads’ considered in the decision several years ago to close the railroad during the construction project.”  Layton did not know the answer since he was not around at the time of the decision but stated “We would be happy to do… research to answer that question.”  

On numerous other occasions, Krambles ordered staff to provide written answers to questions asked by members of the public.  SEPTA staff worked overtime to respond to many of these questions, in an unprecedented show of public candor.  Is this truly a change of attitude for the Authority or was it an attempt to persuade Krambles of SEPTA’s reasonableness.  

Mr. Garforth, Manager of Rail Planning, listed the travel alternatives for affected passengers, but did not mention that many of these alternatives would take much longer, and fail to serve some affected areas.  It was left to the public to put those points on the record.

Good-bye Philadelphia! 

Delaware Valley College was represented both by a student and the college’s business manager.  He noted that the hearing took place on registration day and that a much greater number of Del Val students would have protested.  

The Executive Director of the Partnership for Transportation Action TMA, James DeVany, stated, “We can't lay claim to the shrinking number of arms and legs that are trying to carry the continually growing head of SEPTA....My appearance is not to prevent SEPTA from making logical economic moves. But to prevent those moves from being made in a vacuum.  With the sole beneficiary intended as the surviving organization.” 

Dozens of people told how the inconvenience of SEPTA service, especially policies like the 120-day ticket expiration and unavoidable fare penalties, discouraged weekend ridership.  In response to a statement by Regina Litman, a DVARP member, Layton said that SEPTA is looking at the on-board fare policy.  But these complaints are far from new.  Also in a response to a statement of Ms. Litman, SEPTA will clarify the status of holiday service.  They seem to have forgotten that weekend schedules are operated on holidays like the Fourth of July, when hundreds of thousands of people are trying to go to Philadelphia.

Benjamin Jones, Doylestown Borough Manager, warned that the elimination of weekend services moves the Central Bucks region from that of a suburb of Philadelphia to an extended suburb of New York , further isolating Philadelphia. 

Donald Davis told Garforth: “I am a businessman.  If I find my business is falling off, I don't take goods off the shelf.  What I do is run specials.  I then advertise.  I make it known that, ‘I am here! Come and see me! Because I can do things for you that no one else can do!’ I have not heard an advertisement for any kind of SEPTA service in years.”  He added,“You keep talking about driving to Lansdale.  Do you really want me to drive to Lansdale?? I've got one of the best seeing-eye dogs in the Delaware Valley but she doesn’t drive.”  He concluded: “Nowhere have I heard the most obvious savings that can be made, namely, a tremendous cut in the payroll beginning with the very top, Mr. Gambaccini, and running down to the lowest paid janitor, perhaps ten percent.” 

Raymond J. Regan, Chairman of Supervisors, Warminster Township, stated,“What you're talking about is not amputation of a finger or a toe but more like a wrist or an ankle.”  When Layton responded that the railroad will be ready for an economic resurgence and the physical plant will be maintained, Regan replied,“a lot of stagecoach towns are waiting for their service too.” 

William Polk, a member of both the SEPTA Citizens Advisory Committee and the Transportation Advisory Board of Montgomery County, entered personal testimony: “We cannot, must not, let it happen.”  He suggested that since Railworks  has come in well under budget, that the leftover dollars be used to attract back the lost riders. 

An aide to Peter Kostmeyer testified for the U.S. Representative, stating “SEPTA is in essence a compact between the city and the suburbs, from which Federal, state and county monies received by SEPTA flow.  Elected officials have to answer to the substantial majority who do not use SEPTA and perhaps cannot see the benefit of it, although it is quite real. This compact … depends upon a certain degree of faith and fidelity.  Imagine how long a personal relationship would last if both parties pledged to be faithful to one another except on weekends.”  Chester County’s hearing featured passengers who were concerned about the future of Coatesville and Parkesburg service.

Access embarrassment in MontCo; Commissioner goes ballistic

The hearing for Montgomery County was not held in the Courthouse in Norristown, but in King of Prussia which is not affected by the rail cuts.  The venue was the King of Prussia Hilton.  DVARP pointed out that the intersection in front of the hotel was marked with “No pedestrian crossing” signs and that persons crossing Route 202 at that point can be ticketed by Upper Merion Police.  Edward J. Wilkes, Chairman of the township’s Supervisors, confirmed DVARP’s point that a bus passenger crossing the street to get to the Hilton would be subject to a fine.  He added,“Not only is it illegal but it is dangerous.”  When Krambles indicated he came to the hearing by transit, Wilkes replied,“I didn't hear that.” 

Leo Bagley, Associate Director of the Montgomery County Planning Commission, read the official statement of the County Commissioners.   He stated,“No information has been presented to us that would justify these particular reductions.  Information has not been presented that other alternatives were considered.  The secretiveness of the process used to identify these cuts does not lend credence to this proposal.” 

Commissioner Hoffel added that,“Just today, Chairman Mele and I traveled to Washington D.C. to talk to officials at the Federal Transit Administration about feasibility funding for the so-called ‘Air Train’…it seems like the wrong time for SEPTA to be advocating cuts in service.… [Bagley] and his colleagues on the planning staff have not been able to get satisfactorily information from the SEPTA staff regarding these proposals.... All the counties contribute money to the system.  We have representatives from Montgomery County on the SEPTA Board.  THEY were unable to satisfy the informational requests made by our planning commission staff....One thing that caught my eye was the figure that some $1.2 million in tariff items has been identified in proposed savings and $2.3 million were identified in non-tariff items....It looks to me like the staff has proposed these cuts so that twice as many as the cuts don’t need board approval.” Commissioner Mele added,“Montgomery County is a growing county: and you're not helping us.  If anything, you are hurting us.” 

State Representative Ellen Harley, supported DVARP’s position, while Peter Quinn of The Greater Valley Forge TMA, asked that the county commissioners and their planning staff be made an integral part of SEPTA's planning process. 

Tim Grambley, General Manager of Philadelphia Marriott West Hotel in West Conshohocken, stated,“I'm here this evening to represent the 220 employees of our hotel and the 35 million dollar investment that we have.  Gentlemen, We need SEPTA because we need labor...Secondly, we sell our weekend guests the opportunity to use SEPTA to visit the Philadelphia city attractions.  This business for our hotel is growing and offers the potential of 500 guests per weekend.” 

A spokeswoman for Marjorie Mezvinsky, the Democratic congressional candidate in the 13th district, delivered her statement:“...Shame on you SEPTA management for pushing for more of our tax dollars while cutting back our service...”  She added that Mezvinsky’s “81 year-old mother uses the Cynwyd Line to visit us.” 

Tom Dorricott, Vice General Chairman of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, highlighted the cost reduction proposal previously presented by the union at SEPTA’s Operating Budget hearing.  BLE recommended administrative cuts including elimination of two day “Diversity Classes” for all of SEPTA’s 5000 employees.  A conservative estimate of savings from that move alone is $1 million.

Philadelphia Marathon

Although the hearings pertained to commuter rail cuts, attendance at the mid-day/evening hearings in Center City was very strong, including many DVARP members.  Although SEPTA did not give its lengthy slide show, the evening hearing lasted over 3 1/2 hours.  Councilman Herb DeBeary (D-4th) scored the line of the day when he suggested SEPTA change its slogan to “You can’t get there from here.”  Councilwoman Happy Fernandez (D-AL) added her opposition too.

The evening hearing started with DVARP’s presentation and then heard from Vukan Vuchic of the University of Pennsylvania.  He said he was working on a project with SEPTA to increase ridership and that,“It is therefore very unfortunate if any cuts in service must be made now, because if we drop the passengers now it is very hard to get them back.” Reports by Dr. Vuchic and by Dr. Richard Voith of the Federal Reserve were referred to frequently, as both concluded that the cuts would actually make SEPTA’s problems worse.

Ted Rickles described the emotions of all of us who lobbied for PennMove and now face service reduction.  He asked about the pre-Railworks  ridership slump of 11%.  He pointed out that part of that loss should be attributed to pre-Railworks evacuation., citing his experience with the Route X bus.  X ridership went down immediately after abandonment hearing notices were posted.  He said,“after the hearing was over and the bus was kept, people didn't come back....Railworks  could very well have affected people long before you are taking account of.” 

Mr. Dennis Winters, Conservation Chair of the Southeastern PA group of the Sierra Club as well as Secretary of the Clean Air Council (Where have they been lately?) submitted personal testimony, not representing the aforementioned groups.  He related the experience he had in advertising public transit in Fort Wayne, IN and asked,“Why is there no obvious or effective marketing program in this area?”  He mentioned that he had schedules in his possession dated August 16th that reflect the changes already.  Mr. Garforth vigorously shook his head no. 

Lance Haver, Executive Director of CEPA, sought to have the hearings and the cuts struck down on narrow legal grounds.  When he persisted in questioning a sidebar conversation between Krambles and the SEPTA lawyer assigned to make sure that the hearings complied with Act 26, Krambles became impatient, as he appears to be more interested in the merits of the case than in legal technicalities.  Haver proceeded to criticize SEPTA’s “Come home to your routes” ad campaign, resulting in the swearing-in of AGM Jim Palmer to admit that the campaign caused no significant increase in RRD ridership.  Haver concluded with an unsuccessful fishing expedition alleging that SEPTA could borrow its way out of the crisis.

To try to document SEPTA’s intransigence in implementing outside suggestions, Bob Bodan of DVARP introduced into the record a letter from SEPTA saying that Fox Chase train service would not be possible.  Matthew Mitchell introduced documents showing SEPTA’s previous underestimations of ridership losses resulting from rail service cuts, in order to prove that the proposed cuts would make the budget problem worse instead of better.

Several passengers who use the R7 Frankford Junction station spoke of the major inconveniences they face is the stop is abandoned.   They believed that the sudden closing of the station before the public hearing was intended to circumvent the legal abandonment process.  Palmer insisted that “it was not driven by these hearings, I can assure you.” -Tom Borawski, with Matthew Mitchell



On the Railroad Lines…

R1

Will Airport Trains Reach Glenside?

Sources say that SEPTA plans to extend all R1 Airport Line trains to Glenside.  Whether this change is dependent on Board approval of cuts to other service is not clear at this time.  The extension is only 5.6 miles, as pre-Railworks® Airport trains already traveled to Roberts Yard.  The extension could result in revenue enhancement and cost-savings, if R1s make the local stops instead of R2, R3, and R5 trains.  Another important reason to rethink service patterns.  (see page 13)

Rosenbluth Backs Rail

A weekend convention in July brought 1600 Rosenbluth Travel employees to Philadelphia.  Rosenbluth arranged with SEPTA to provide prepaid fares for the visitors, while SEPTA added extra cars to the service to accommodate the almost-doubled ridership.  A good partnership!  Will SEPTA build on this to market the line more aggressively to convention planners, especially when the Convention Center opens?

R2

Conductor Gets His Passengers There

When the compressor of an R2 train failed August 20 at Glenside, the conductor showed initiative and care for his customers by shepherding them to the nearby route 22 bus and arranging for it to get them to their destinations.  While we praise this individual, we regret that too many similar incidents do not have such a happy ending.   

R7

SEPTA Closes Frankford Jct. Before Hearing 

Citing a “safety hazard,” SEPTA abruptly closed the Frankford Junction station, a year after Frankford was abandoned.  Now SEPTA wants to abandon Frankford Junction, too, for financial reasons.  Railroad AGM James Palmer insisted that the discovery of problems was just a coincidence.  Routine inspection of the station turned up falling masonry in the access tunnel.

Neighbors protested the cut in service here and at Andalusia at last week’s hearings.  Frankford neighbors are now at risk of losing both their Regional Rail stations:  Frankford was closed earlier this year.  One Frankford Junction user testified that access to the platforms is still possible if only the deteriorated section of tunnel is closed.  

Andalusia’s supporters cited the upcoming reconstruction of I-95 as a reason to keep their station.  SEPTA’s documentation of the need to close these and the other stations seemed shallow and hastily prepared.  There may be very good justification for closing some or all of these stations, but the way SEPTA goes about this business makes it very hard to focus on the facts.  

R8

SEPTA Goes Back on Chestnut Hill Pledge

When it proposed closing the R7 Chestnut Hill East line for Railworks®, SEPTA told passengers that alternate service would be available on the R8 Chestnut Hill West line.  However, new schedules issued last month included a 50 percent cut in all weekend R8 service.  Trains are running only hourly on Saturday, every two hours Sunday.

compiled by staff

DVARP thanks J. Thomas Collins, Ron DeGraw, Harry Garforth, and Peter Hanlon

 of SEPTA for news updates



A Gentleman’s C?

SEPTA has revised the form used for its quarterly passenger survey.  The letter grade system for characteristics like service convenience and train reliability is retained, but the definition of each grade has been changed.  A C grade is now considered “satisfactory” for example.  There are two possible explanations:  either SEPTA wants even tougher standards or it wants to try to put a better face on its C average.

The new forms include more space for written comments, a change which DVARP applauds.  Rail passengers care greatly about the quality of their service, and often have good ideas and important observations from their everyday experience on the lines.  Remember to share your good ideas with DVARP, too, so we can persuade SEPTA to respond to them.—MDM



Transit Initiatives for City Nights

SEPTA is using its new authority for temporary routes and fares to join the new campaign to promote Center City shopping, dining, and culture.  The welcome marketing efforts touch both transit and commuter rail modes.  The new Route 82 “ColumBus” provides service from Center City (via Market St. and Spring Garden El station) to the Delaware Av. entertainment district on Friday night, Saturday, and Sunday.  Buses run till 10 pm Friday and Saturday, till 7 on Sunday, and the fare is only 50 cents.  

Also, in conjunction with the “Make it a Night” promotion, SEPTA is cutting rail fares to just $1.00 on Wednesday nights September 16th to 30th.  The bargain rate is good on inbound trains after 5:00 pm and outbound after 7:30.  Whether or not the RailWorks® lines are included is not known at this time.  



RailWorks®  Roundup

Fox Chase Trains Roll Again 	(continued from page 1)

The restoration of service came as a surprise to the DVARP volunteers who had negotiated with SEPTA, pleaded at hearings, lobbied lawmakers, and continued to publicize the availability of this alternate route.  DVARP also generated much of the publicity for the restored service, using a fax modem to speed the message to newspapers.  

Keeping with a DVARP tradition, a celebration was held on board the first train, with bagels, cream cheese, and juice for the passengers and crew.  Beautiful Fairmount Park scenery and a route guide prepared by DVARP helped make the trip far more enjoyable than a bus ride to the crowded Frankford El.  

DVARP member Matt Mitchell passes out bagels and juice at Fox Chase the first day of restored service.  photo: Chuck Bode

SEPTA used its recently-acquired RL-1 locomotives to pull four push-pull coaches for each train.  The first trip ran smoothly and comfortably, with no delays en route.  It arrived at 30th Street upper level four minutes early, and an electric train right across the platform whisked commuters to Suburban Station and Market East.  

The restored service is a huge triumph for DVARP, as SEPTA had for months insisted that such a service was impractical.  DVARP overcame all those objections, even to the point of drawing up a schedule to demonstrate that conflicts with Conrail freight movements could be avoided.

DVARP’s efforts to get this service took several forms, starting with research into schedules, equipment availability, and identifying other railroads which successfully detoured trains around reconstruction projects.  Several volunteers collated all this into a major report for the December hearings on the rail shutdown, which was followed-up by high-level SEPTA-DVARP meetings. (see January 1992 DVRP)  While the public hearing and media campaigns for restored train service continued, other volunteers lobbied elected officials to put pressure on SEPTA to run the trains.  It was not easy, but DVARP’s broad-based effort and perseverance paid off.

Ridership on the restored train service is not expected to be high, due to the limited hours of service and the fact that many passengers had already committed themselves to bus service by buying a transit pass instead of a rail pass.  It is better to consider this service as a test-run for service alternatives during next year’s Railworks® construction.  These alternatives include detour service for R2, R3, and R5 passengers, as well (DVARP has shown SEPTA where more equipment can be leased); and full-day detour service.  Restoration of diesel-powered train service on the Fox Chase line, and more importantly restoration of diesel train service operated by SEPTA, brings restored Newtown train service closer to reality.—MDM



Construction On Schedule?  

SEPTA distributed to passengers last week another flyer with photos of Railworks® construction sites.  While the text mentioned a planned ten-day testing period, it did not explicitly tell of the status of construction (last reported progressing on schedule) or whether an early end to this year’s service outage was possible.

Railworks® is a registered trademark of SEPTA



STD

Welcome Norristown Car!

A piece of good news was overshadowed by the many other SEPTA developments in late August: the long-awaited debut of the prototype N-5 light rail vehicle.  Fifteen months after arriving in Upper Darby, and five years after the contract was let, the car has entered service on peak-hour trips between 69th St. and Bryn Mawr.  See the June ‘91 DVRP for photo, more details.  The second car is due soon, with the rest of the 26-car order in 1993.—MDM



“Not My Job” Syndrome = Upset Customers, Bad Press

An embarrassing article in the Inquirer  last month told of the problems two senior citizens faced in trying to get information on SEPTA Suburban Transit Division service.  For budgetary reasons, the information office at 69th St. was closed this summer, but that doesn’t mean that the information ceases to exist.  According to the story, timetable racks at the terminal were empty, and neither operators nor cashiers had the timetables the customers wanted.  What happened to “quality control?”  Why can’t cashiers or sales agents give information to people who ask for it?

It is disappointing that no SEPTA employees stopped to help these customers.  A few moments of personal attention from an operator, supervisor, or cashier would have turned this very public black eye into public words of praise.  Are all SEPTA personnel callous and uninterested?  Or is there an institutional attitude that says “it’s not my job?”   Stories like this are why DVARP insists that business as usual at SEPTA cannot go on.—MDM



RED ARROW NOTES: The management of Wynnewood Shopping Center has forbidden Route 105 buses from entering the center.  To their credit, STD management is not taking this insult to their passengers lying down.  They ask you to call 642-0188 to protest. 

Regular suburban timetable changes have been moved to a twice-a-year April and October schedule.  The next changes will be effective October.



Support Tax-free Transit Benefits!

Once again, Congress is considering legislation to balance tax subsidies of employer-paid transportation. (e.g. TransitChek)  The bill will raise the ceiling on tax-free mass transit benefits from $21 to $60, bringing it in line with the average monthly cost of big-city transit service.  To ensure that the bill is “revenue-neutral”, tax-free subsidies for parking cars will be capped at $145.



DVARP Organizes Trolley Coalition

Continuing the fight to save streetcar service in Philadelphia, DVARP has joined with environmental and community groups to form a coalition to preserve the service.  While SEPTA management has sought to paint the opponents of their plan as “trolley jollies,” bait that was swallowed hook, line, and sinker by the Inquirer, the fact is that these groups are demanding the retention of old streetcars because SEPTA has never restored any of the streetcar lines it converted to diesel buses.  For these people, it is not an issue of history, it is an issue of quality of life to have quiet and clean trolleys instead of noisy and dirty buses.  

To join the Philadelphia Trolley Coalition or get more information, call or write DVARP.



Route 15 Construction Ends:  New LRV’s on Line!

Repairs to the Belmont Ave. bridge over Amtrak have been completed to the point where SEPTA Route 15 streetcars can return to their normal route on Girard Ave. instead of the detour route via 40th and Lancaster.  Passengers got a second bit of welcome relief, too.  As DVARP and the City of Philadelphia have suggested, modern cars have been plying the route. (photo below)  Imagine the ridership possible if SEPTA were to restore track connections to the 23 and operate direct trolley service from Center City to the Zoo!

A Kawasaki LRV crosses the newly-repaired bridge at Belmont and Girard Aves.

photo: Chuck Bode 



Route 6 Setback

Route 6 trolley tracks have been ripped up or paved over on numerous blocks in the Olney Terminal vicinity.  Rail service on the heavily-patronized Ogontz Ave. route in West Oak Lane was “suspended” five years ago.  Retention of the line was recommended in the “Philadelphia Trolley Feasibility Study,” but the present dismantlement of infrastructure makes this less likely.



SEPTA to Run Historic Shuttle

To try to placate trolley supporters, SEPTA will institute a weekend-only PCC car shuttle on Germantown Ave. from Gorgas Lane to Chestnut Hill while the remaining streetcar lines are replaced by diesel buses.  Refusing to be painted by SEPTA and the Inquirer as nostalgia buffs or “trolley jollies,” the Philadelphia Trolley Coalition is not happy with the operation, as it gives the community few of the benefits that everyday full-route streetcar service does.



BSS

Ridge Trains to Return: Signals Not Fixed

DVARP has received word that service on the Ridge Ave. spur will return October 5, when the subway returns to normal operation.  The reversing deck at Erie is still out of service, though; trains will deadhead to Olney and back.  Although this option has been available since “a signal cable failed” more than three months ago, operating constraints have prevented restoration of the service.  It is clear that the subway is already over its capacity to turn trains at the north end, as evidenced by almost daily delays.  The shutdown also reduces peak Broad St. car needs by six cars, which is very convenient for operating personnel trying to manage increased demand caused by Railworks®, while top staff is seeking to abandon all off-peak service on the spur.  Are they hoping that passengers will forget about the service?—MDM



City Transit Schedule Change Highlights

As no hearings were required, SEPTA is going ahead with a substantial overall reduction of CTD service:  29 routes face weekday service cuts, 15 will be cut on weekends.  It is important for all transit passengers to pick up new timetables, as other lines will have all-new schedules.  They will be available at SEPTA locations including 841 Chestnut, Market East, and 15th St. Sales Office by Sept. 10.  If you can’t get there, call the SEPTA answering machine at 580-7777 to request timetables for any route.

Route 121 faces elimination of several trips, while the 46 will no longer extend to Darby.  All 46 trips will terminate at 58th and Baltimore.  Non-cut highlights include the minor extension (mostly in South Phila.) of routes 12, 26, 37, 43, 50, and 63.  Plymouth Meeting trips of the 27 bus will be speeded up by skipping the Barren Hill loop.  Finally, there are major changes to the Route 76 Ben FrankLine.  While the service frequency is cut, the route has been extended to the Zoo.  At the other end, the north-south segment along 2nd St. has been dropped in favor of a route via Penn’s Landing.  Although the schedule is unclear about this, it appears that the 76 will become a limited-stop route, with stops every four blocks.  



CITY TRANSIT NOTES: New fareboxes are in use on a trial basis on Red Arrow and Southern District vehicles.  If operators use them correctly, they will yield more complete and accurate passenger counts, and reduce fare evasion.

New Market-Frankford timetables will include slower running times.

The information kiosks mentioned in July’s DVRP are also being installed at City Transit locations, a good example of how some solutions are applicable to all modes of transit.

Another batch of new shelters at bus and trolley stops is being installed.  While they feature heavy-duty construction and space for advertising (which means they are installed at no cost to SEPTA) they do not include space for transit information or a place for passengers to sit.  The latter problem was solved in San Francisco with tip-down seats that transit passengers can lean on, but vagrants cannot lie down on.



Elections are Soon:  Are You Registered?

This November’s election is important to the future of our region’s transportation system, especially in Pennsylvania, where all of the State Legislature and half the State Senate is up for grabs along with a U.S. Senate seat.  Retirements and redistricting have led to close contests for congressional seats like the Pennsylvania 13th.  And of course, there is a Presidential campaign.  

All of these elections make it important that you register and vote in November.  Registration deadlines will be coming up in weeks.  If you moved, you must reregister in order to vote.  If you haven’t voted in the last two years, you must reregister.  If you aren’t sure whether you are on the rolls, reregister anyway!  Look in the blue pages of your telephone directory for the number of your County Board of Elections, visit your state representative’s office, of call the League of Women Voters (215-627-7937) to obtain a registration card.  



Rethink North Philadelphia Rail Stops	by Matthew Mitchell

The reopening of the Ninth Street Branch should be accompanied by a new service plan for the local stops between Market East and Jenkintown.  The opening of Fern Rock Transportation Center, the closing of four other stops, and an increase in service to Temple University has resulted in an irrational service pattern where the shortest-distance trains make the fewest local stops.  

Travel patterns have changed significantly where SEPTA has led the reverse-commute bandwagon effectively.  Meanwhile, increasing service speed is vital to maximizing the bread-and-butter suburb-to-city ridership.  Flexibility is necessary to balance these and other conflicting needs, but SEPTA has instead locked itself into anachronistic service patterns.   The reopening of through train service next month is a good time to end this problem.  

Compared to other commuter rail operators, SEPTA is rather inflexible in its rush hour stopping patterns.  SEPTA is locked further into inefficient operating patterns by the strict pairing of Reading- and Pennsylvania-side lines.  Only a handful of trains each day vary from the assigned pairings.

Can a revamp of service patterns boost ridership and cut costs?  Let’s look at ridership at the local stations (1988 survey), recognizing that the new connection at Fern Rock may change travel patterns.  Temple University is an important destination, including a large fraction of the relatively small total of through-tunnel rides.  The peak-to-off-peak ratio there is smaller than in Center City.  Many Temple riders will benefit from the new subway connection.  Daily ridership there was just over 1200, about equal to ridership at Ambler.  North Broad ridership was also about 1200, many of whom either were connecting for Temple University or reverse commuters.  Until now, North Broad was the only connecting point for the Broad St. Subway.  It is expected to be deemphasized now that the safer and more convenient Fern Rock connection is open.  Wayne Junction ridership was in the vicinity of 1500, which included many passengers traveling to Center City.  Logan has been a flag stop for selected R2 trains; it had about 40 daily passengers, half or more of whom were reverse commuters.  Fern Rock and Tabor (now closed) originated passengers for both directions, a total in the low 200s.

What could we do?

Though all the possibilities cannot be discussed in this newsletter, here are some starting points for route restructuring.  Local trains on the longest and most-used Reading-side line, the R5 to Doylestown, stopped at every station but Logan.  Station stops add about a minute to train running times for braking and acceleration, even if no passengers board.  That added time discourages ridership.  Wouldn’t it make more sense for the short-distance trains, with their fewer passengers, to make the North Philadelphia stops?   

If through-tunnel ridership from the North Philadelphia stations to the R2, R3, or R5 lines is of concern, then line pairings should be changed.  The latter may in itself be worthwhile; running a two-or three-car peak-hour R8 train through to the R5 line cost less than running a five-car R5 train through.  If another train covers the Pennsy-side run, then the R5 train can be run as an express with discharge-only stops, saving even more time.   

Almost all of the reverse-peak service (which operates at base headways) could be operated with through trains off the R6, R7, and R8 Reading-side lines and with local trains from the Pennsy side.  For example, the R8 Fox Chase trains which now terminate in Center City would take the runthrough to Paoli previously covered by an R5 Lansdale train.  The R5 train could then skip the local stops, whose reverse commuters are served by the inbound R8, and run non-stop to Center City, not having to wait there for an outbound departure time.  The faster speed boosts ridership and revenue, car miles are reduced, and reverse-commute service is maintained.  Everyone wins!

  

Amtrak Talks About Service Extensions

Amtrak recently released the results of a long-range planning and feasibility study, which identifies over a dozen possible services to be added in addition to the two under way for 1993.  (Sunset Limited extension from New Orleans to Miami— scheduled to start April ‘93, and Boston to Portland, ME— late 1993)  While capital investment would have to be found for start-up costs like locomotives, coaches, stations, and track improvements; most of the trains would run an operating surplus.  While some of the potential new routes may not appear to have huge potential ridership, U.S. Mail revenue and connecting passengers make a major contribution.  

From east to west, the routes proposed by Amtrak include:

•New York to Harrisburg via Allentown and Reading.

•Cleveland to Cincinnati via Columbus. (there is widespread interest in this service in Ohio: high-speed rail service has been proposed locally)

•A third New York to Florida train, via Charlotte, NC and Florida’s east coast.

•New York to Atlanta via Tennessee.

•Chicago to Florida via Nashville and Atlanta.  (this train has been heavily promoted by several of the states along the route; a test train was run last year)

•Milwaukee to Green Bay, Milwaukee to Madison.(extensions of trains from Chicago)

•Chicago to Omaha via Des Moines.  (The proposal to divide the California Zephyr/ Pioneer/Desert Wind into two sections, one via this route and one on the current southern Iowa route, is also on the table.)

•Minneapolis to Kansas City.  (This has the best potential financial performance of the services studied.)

•Kansas City to Omaha (extension of train from St. Louis)

•Chicago to Dallas via Oklahoma.  (branch of the Southwest Chief; Oklahoma currently has no Amtrak service)

•Chicago to Seattle.  (restoring the original North Coast Hiawatha)

•Seattle to Vancouver, BC.  (possibly a second Coast Starlight south to L.A)

•Denver to Seattle/Portland via Montana.

•Denver to Dallas



Dates of Interest

SEPTA City Transit Schedule Changes:  effective Sun., Sept. 13.  

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Sept. 15, 5:45 pm, in SEPTA Board Room.

SEPTA on Site (STD): Wed., Sept. 16, 7:30 to 9:30 am at 69th St. and Norristown.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Sept. 19, 1:00 pm, 104 Edison Ave., Collingswood.

Greater Valley Forge Transportation Management Association: Tues. Sept. 22, 8:00 am at Upper Merion Municipal Bldg., 175 W. Valley Forge Rd.  guest: Curt Weldon.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Sept. 24, 3:00, in SEPTA Board Room, Third Floor, 714 Market St., Philadelphia. 

West Jersey NRHS Discussion of South Jersey Transit Study, featuring J. William Vigrass.  Mon., Sept. 28, 7:30 at Haddonfield Borough Hall.  info:  Fred Fisher 609-663-4565.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thurs., Oct. 1, 6:30, at Wilmington Station.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

DVARP Transit Committee Meeting:  Fri., Oct. 2, 5:00-6:15, at Jefferson Alumni Hall, 1020 Locust St.  info:  Matthew Mitchell, 885-7448.

Railworks® ends, all SEPTA RRD schedules will change:  Sun., Oct. 4

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Oct. 17, Lansdale.

Temple University Regional Transportation Conference:  Sat., Oct. 17 at Temple U. Ambler Campus.  info and registration: Kevin Wood, 215-283-1307.

Listings are based on information provided to DVARP.  Members are advised to contact the sponsoring group to confirm time and place.



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

Light Rail for New York

Bids are being sought for construction and operation of a light rail transit line on 42nd St. in Manhattan.  Two unusual features of the venture are that the contract is to be awarded on a “super-turnkey” basis, where the contractor has full responsibility not only for designing and building the line, but also running it; and the fact that this is a project of the City of New York, not the MTA or any of its operating agencies.



Old Dominion Success

Ridership continues to grow on the Virginia Railway Express as planners look towards instituting mid-day service.  They recognize that the additional service will help boost rush-hour ridership by making the service more useful and convenient.  On-time performance on both the Manassas and Fredricksburg lines is now well over 90%.  

There is serious thought being given to linking the new service with Maryland’s MARC trains from Washington to Baltimore and Perryville.  Not only would through service via D.C. benefit Virginians who work in Maryland suburbs or support the Orioles, but MARC patrons would gain access to the huge business centers of Alexandria and Crystal City.



Old Colony Groundbreaking

Work has begun on the reconstruction of three former New Haven RR lines into commuter rail lines for Boston’s South Shore suburbs.  The service will reduce traffic on the notorious Southeast Expressway and ease park & ride demand for the Red Line subway.



Northeast Notes: Construction work is resulting in cancellation of some off-peak Jamaica-Brooklyn trains on the LIRR…  DC Metro service will now start at 8 am on Sundays…  Look for interim NJ Transit Northeast Corridor timetables, showing weekend construction effects.



Phone and Mail Changes for DVARP

You may have already noticed two important changes in the way DVARP communicates with you.  We have obtained a mailing permit for bulk rate mail, which will reduce our mailing costs, enabling us to continue the expanded length of the newsletter.  Since most copies are sent to the immediate vicinity of Philadelphia, delivery should remain prompt.  It is expected that this newsletter will be mailed on Friday, Sept. 11.  If you find that your newsletter took an unusually long time to get to you, please let us know.

DVARP also has a new voice mail system, to direct messages to the appropriate volunteers.  If you have a touch-tone telephone, you can select a mailbox by following the recorded instructions and pressing the appropriate key.  If you call from a rotary-dial phone, just stay on the line, and messages will be directed to the main message box.  For your convenience, the message box numbers are now included in the directory below.

0  215-222-3373  DVARP main number (voice mail line)

1  215-222-3373  Chuck Bode, President

5  215-552-8873  Tom Borawski, Vice-President-Transportation

6  215-222-3373  Robert H. Machler, Vice President-Administration

5  215-386-2644  Sharon Shneyer, Vice President-Public Relations

6  215-782-8826  Mark Sanders, Treasurer

4  215-222-3373  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator

2 215-659-7736  John Pawson, Commuter RR Committee (6 to 9 pm, please)

3  215-885-7448  Matthew Mitchell, Transit Committee

7  609-869-9048  Don Nigro, SEPTA Capital Budget Task Force

8  215-353-0930  Bob Bodan, Octoraro Task Force



Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily 

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments.



