The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger
July  1994
Vol. XII, No. 7
ISSN 1073-6859

For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:
P.O. Box 7505,  Philadelphia, PA  19101       215-222-3373
<mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov> or <73243.1224@compuserve.com>

The electronic edition is produced as a public service to the network 
community.   It is archived on the CUNYVM Listserver in the RAILNEWS 
directory. An index of back issues is available by sending INDEX RAILNEWS to 
LISTSERV@CUNYVM. Thanks  to Geert K. Marien (GKMQC@CUNYVM) for maintaining 
this archive! If you have comments or questions, contact us, not Geert!
  The DVRP is also archived on these FTP servers
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/trains/text or graphics/trains/incoming
ftp://hipp.etsu.edu/pub/railroad/dvarp (Thanks to Bob Weir)
Volumes X (1992) and XI (1993) are on floppy disk for $4.00 each from DVARP.

We hope you consider joining DVARP; your financial support makes possible 
this newsletter and our many other activities on behalf of rail and transit
passengers.  Annual dues are $15.00.  see the coupon below.

Contents copyright (C) 1994 DVARP, except photos (C) 1994 credited 
photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily 
those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373

DVARP President: Chuck Bode      Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell
Production Manager: Tom Borawski
for other officers and committee chairs, search for ##BB   

**Schedule change alert:  
SEPTA R7 and R8 schedules change July 11.
R5 Paoli Schedules change July 17
Cherry Hill Station opens July 2

contents: 
   use the search function of your word processor to find articles
##A  State Budget Fiasco Resolved: SEPTA Funding Secure    by Betsey Clark
     Columnist And Editorial Take Issue With Legislature.
##B  From the Editor's Seat:
     The History of SEPTA IS The History of Philadelphia
##C  On the Railroad Lines...
     Tragic Toll Grows
     Pass-buying Gets Easier
     Another Stair Switch
   ##R3  West Trenton Project
      Elwyn Shuttles Again
   ##R5  Bryn Mawr Back
      PennDOT pushes R5 Off TIP into Ire
      PUC May Resolve Crossing Dispute
   ##R7  New AM Connection
      Red Carpet for Bristol Events
   ##R8  Another Train Restored
      More Marketing Moves
   ##CTD  New Security Mascots
   ##LRD  Trolleys Coming Back!
      Eye on the Infrastructure: Track Upgrades
   ##STD  Frontier Peak Service Boosted
   Safe and Sound, Thanks to Conrail
   Cape May Setback
   ##PATCO  Payment, Port Disputes
##D  Third-Quarter SEPTA Ridership Stats
##E  SEPTA's Regional Rail System Must Be Modernized, 
     not Returned into a 19th Century Railroad   by Vukan Vuchic
##F  Cab Ride on the Corridor    by Matthew Mitchell
##G  Six Super Summer Train Trips    by Matthew Mitchell
##H  DVRPC Citizens Pick New Leader
##I  NJ Meeting Considers Transit's Future
##J  Annual Picnic Coming
##K  Volunteers Wanted
##L  Dates of Interest
##M  Up and Down the Corridor
   LIRR Deal Ends Two-Day Strike
   Blue in Boston, Revere
   Boston Workers Make a Point
##N  Correction Correction
##O  Upcoming DVARP Meetings:


DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  
   Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1994!     6/94

Name     

Address   

City, State, Zip   

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:
   DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00    (  ) Family:  $20.00   (  ) Supporting: $25.00
(  ) Sustaining: $50.00 (  ) Patron: $75.00    (  ) Benefactor: $100.00
(  ) Under 21 or over 65: $7.50   
(  ) Introductory membership remainder of 1994): $10.00


##A  State Budget Fiasco Resolved: SEPTA Funding Secure    by Betsey Clark

A technical error cropping up during the State Legislature's annual rush to 
complete a budget before the June 30 deadline temporarily threatened fiscal 
calamity for SEPTA and other Pennsylvania public transit operators.  An 
error in the recently-approved bill cutting state taxes on businesses (a 
minor shift in language describing revenue sources) left a nine-month 
funding gap for the transit agencies.  This change inadvertently shifted 
the effective date of revenue availability; the dedicated taxes and fees 
collected for transit funding could not be collected until April of 1995.   

The potential loss was estimated to be between $54 million and $120 
million.   SEPTA's share of the it would have been about $84 million, which 
would be felt between July 1 and April 1, 1995.  Fortunately, the State 
House and Senate approved a tax code correction that restored the funding.

In the process, though, many senators raised serious questions about SEPTA 
General Manager Lou Gambaccini's new contract.  The contract stipulated 
that Gambaccini would not be getting a large salary increase; he would 
continue to earn $191,724 annually.  The doubts that the legislators raised 
concerned Gambaccini's perks, which include the following:

*A proposed $190,141 payment to close out his current contract.  Some of 
these perks provided for payment of relocation costs in connection with the 
sale of Mr. Gambaccini's home and reimbursement of legal costs sustained by 
him when he negotiated his contract.

*Term life insurance with a face value of $480,000.
*Membership in a health club
*A company car.
*Unlimited travel and expense accounts.

As a result of these questions about Gambaccini's new contract, legislation 
was introduced by Senator William J. Stewart (D-Cambria Co.) which would 
limit the general manager's pay to 125% of the governor's pay which comes 
to about $105,000 per year.  Benefits would be capped at 40% of the general 
manager's salary.  Restrictions would be retroactive to include any 
contract approved on or after June 21.  Stewart said that Senator Vince 
Fumo (D-Phila.) urged him to introduce this measure.  Fumo has long been a 
Gambaccini antagonist.

On June 21, the House passed two bills: one containing the tax correction 
and the other (HB 1338) calling for structural changes to the SEPTA Board 
to allow its state-appointed members more power over the contracts of the 
general manager, general counsel, and professional services [such as 
lawyers and financial agents] retained without competitive bidding.  The 
Senate sidestepped the latter bill pushed by House members disturbed about 
Mr. Gambaccini's contract.  Instead, they passed, 46-4, only the bill that 
contained the tax correction, thus restoring SEPTA's funding.

In the meantime, the SEPTA Board has put off its vote on Gambaccini's 
contract until a later date.  In reaction to the threat to SEPTA's 
survival, DVARP sent out faxes to legislators urging prompt correction of 
the technical error.  

Columnist And Editorial Take Issue With Legislature.

Not surprisingly, there was considerable opposition to the efforts by our 
state legislators to impose further restrictions and control on SEPTA.  
Daily News Columnist W. Russell G. Byers  interpreted HB 1338 as a power 
grab for SEPTA by state politicians. (June 23)  He felt that if it had 
become law, a "Super Board" would have been created, replacing the SEPTA 
Board as we now know it.  It would have been composed of five people who 
would have absolute power to:

*Hire and fire the General Manager.
*Appoint an outside part-time counsel to the board who shall "approve all 
     matters relating to bonds and indentures."
*Approve no-bid professional services contracts. Quoting the bill:
"Professional Services:  Nothing in this section or any law of this 
Commonwealth shall require the authority to competitively bid architectural 
design, engineering, construction management, accounting, financial, legal, 
or other professional services required by the authority.  Nevertheless, 
all contracts not competitively bid shall be subject to the approval of a 
qualified majority."  [ed: the legislative appointees]

Byers adds:  "Does any of that sound like pinstripe patronage to you?  It 
certainly should, but it doesn't stop there.  Notice that no 'law of this 
Commonwealth shall require the authority to competitively  bid' any of 
those contracts.  Notice, also, that all outside bond and indenture work 
must be specifically authorized by people who 'shall serve at the pleasure 
of the appointing legislative leader(s).'"

He reminded readers of last year's Market-Frankford car controversy, where 
legislators nearly forced SEPTA to spend $17 million to direct the contract 
to a Pittsbugh-area firm instead of the lowest bidder, implying that 
patronage would replace good financial sense if the Legislature were to 
have control over SEPTA contracts.

The Daily News backed up Byers' position in its editorial "SEPTA Chief's 
Pay is a Red Herring":  

"While the federales devise ever-more-intrusive ways to get people out of 
their cars and into public transit before we all asphyxiate, Congress and 
the state legislatures keep making sure it won't work....Congress is good 
at this hustle, too.  They are as aware as state legislators are that 
considerably more money is in road construction than in a commuter rail 
line.   They are also aware you can pretend that mass transit is merely a 
city problem, that defunding it is somehow a blow for clean skies over 
Montana-or something.  They pretend that all this has nothing to do with 
increasing miles driven and increasing pollution.  They pretend by making 
everybody equal-by sending similar amounts to West Nowhere, Ala. and New 
York City-they are being fair."-BC


##B  From the Editor's Seat:
The History of SEPTA IS The History of Philadelphia

A lot of people must wonder whether SEPTA's 'transit museum' exhibits 
planned for the street floors of its new 1234 Market St. HQ are a good idea 
for a company that's too often at the brink of fiscal crisis.

I see a lot of ways that this will have a good impact on the bottom line.  
Even if SEPTA only breaks even on a souvenir stand, it comes out ahead.  
How many of you still see people carrying the "Better than Driving" tote 
bags to work every day?  You can't buy that kind of advertising exposure, 
especially considering it identifies a lot of businesspeople and other 
middle and upper-class people as SEPTA users.

If SEPTA can put in some kind of exhibit sure to attract kids, such as a 
chance to sit at the simulated controls of a SEPTA train, they'll get those 
kids as excited about transit as they are about cars.  That's the kind of 
influence that shapes attitudes for life.

A museum would be a great way to boost employee morale and improve 
management-labor relations.  Lots of SEPTA people do remarkable jobs every 
day, and a museum is a chance to show off their skills.  Like they did for 
Trolleyfest and the Franklin Institute's SEPTA bus mock-up, they'll prob-
ably offer to build exhibits on their own time.

But I got to thinking that while 1234's lobby might be a nice place for a 
museum, where it really ought to go is the headhouse of Reading Terminal.  
That building epitomizes the merchantile past of our city, and is sitting 
there at 12th and Market, gateway to a future represented by the Convention 
Center, and a transportation landmark worth saving in its own right.

And then I thought, we ought to have a museum of the entire history of 
Philadelphia there, dedicated to the things which gave our area its 
character.  The next morning, I saw that same idea floated in the 
Inquirer's architecture column (June 26, page F1).  Columnist Thomas Hine 
reminded me about about the Atwater Kent Museum (I'll admit to not having 
gone there yet), but he also pointed out that the headhouse's location 
would be a natural for a new center, aimed at conventiongoers, shoppers 
and businesspeople, and other folks who might not be able to take the time 
to do the Atwater Kent.

Museum people talk about expanding the mission and value of their efforts 
by making them interactive, so here's an idea for them.  I'd like to see 
some kind of exhibit at the Atwater Kent or at a SEPTA museum showing how 
the development patterns of our neighborhoods and towns were the result of 
the train and trolley lines which radiated from Center City.  Then, with 
slides or computers, let people try different approaches to planning and 
development: car-dependent places with no sense of community, or rail-
centered towns with a healthy mix of jobs, homes, and shared space.

Looking Good!

I've been long overdue in awarding an "attaway" to the Finance Department 
people who design our SEPTA passes each month.  The colorful seasonal 
designs not only hinder counterfeiting, they go a little further, making 
our routine commute more pleasant and reminding us of the good things about 
SEPTA and our area.-MDM


##C  On the Railroad Lines...

Tragic Toll Grows

At least four more trespassers were struck and killed by trains in the 
region in the last month.  The toll included two teenage girls who while 
walking on the R3 Media tracks near Fernwood, were struck by a train 
traveling to Elwyn on the normally-inbound track.  Please don't meet the 
same fate: remember that SEPTA trains are very quiet, and as the slogan 
goes-expect a train on any track, in any direction, at any time. 

Pass-buying Gets Easier

A special 'will-call' window has been added to the SEPTA ticket office at 
Suburban Station, for the convenience of commuters buying monthly 
TrailPasses. If they drop a credit card slip or a check into the special 
box in the morning, their pass will be ready to pack up in the afternoon: 
no lines!  No special form is necessary; see the passenger services office 
if you have questions.

Another Stair Switch

SEPTA riders at 30th Street Station had only a few weeks to enjoy the 
renovated esscalators.  The east stairways have been closed until August 
for ongoing abestos abatement and other upgrading work, and the west stairs 
reopened.

##R3--West Trenton Project

Reconstruction crews have gone to work on the overhead catenary of the West 
Trenton line, and on signal equipment too.  The line has been problem-
plagued during the rush hours these past few months.  Fortunately for the 
passengers, full R3 service will be maintained during this project.

Elwyn Shuttles Again

SEPTA will replace several weekday trains with shuttle buses between Media 
and Elwyn through the end of July. The buses will connect with outbound 
trains scheduled to arrive in Media at 6:50 am, 7:56 am, 8:27 am and 7:30 
pm A bus will also be operated between Elwyn and Media for the inbound 
train scheduled to leave Elwyn Station at 6:35 pm. The bus will leave Elwyn 
at 6:25 pm (10 minutes earlier than the scheduled train departure time) in 
order to connect with the train at Media.

##R5  Bryn Mawr Back

Paoli-Parkesburg peak-hour service will return to normal July 18, as Amtrak 
returns the fire-damaged signal tower at Bryn Mawr to service.  The date is 
a week later than Amtrak and SEPTA originally projected.  The new switch 
and signal control system will be remotely operated from Paoli, good news 
from a cost standpoint, since operators will no longer have to be stationed 
at Bryn Mawr.  

PennDOT pushes R5 Off TIP into Ire

The Times-Herald reports that the timing of SEPTA's R5 planned 
reconstruction work has become uncertain because state officials ordered 
the project be placed in the Congestion Mitigation & Air Quality (CMAQ) 
program rather than the state's Transportation Improvement Program (TIP).

The move by the state could result in simultaneous R5 and Route 309 
construction: a commuting headache for North Penn residents.  It had been 
hoped that the R5 trains would help keep people moving during the 309 
project.-TB

PUC May Resolve Crossing Dispute

The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission may be called in to mediate a 
dispute over installation of new crossing gates at five intersections in 
North Wales.  The closing of some of those crossings and upgrade of the 
rest has been asked for in the aftermath of a fatal accident last fall.

According to the Lansdale Reporter, PennDOT has asked the PUC to determine 
the extent of work needed and how much SEPTA, the Borough of North Wales, 
and PennDOT must chip in for the $1.6 million project.  The five crossings 
targeted are Main, Second, Third, Walnut and Beaver streets.

##R7  New AM Connection

SEPTA will add an early-morning train to Trenton on July 11.  The train 
will leave Temple U at 5:39 am, and Suburban Station at 5:49, making 
intermediate stops to arrive Trenton at 6:43.  This connects to the 6:48 NJ 
Transit train for arrival at Penn Station before 8:00.  See the flyer now 
posted at stations for times at other stations.

R7 Red Carpet for Bristol Events

Civic leaders in Bristol, Bucks County are encouraging people to come to 
special weekend events by train.  A free shuttle bus will bring people from 
the train station to attractions like the Italian Festival and the William 
Penn birthday celebration.

##R8  Another Train Restored

Ann additional morning train will run to Chestnut Hill beginning July 11.  
It will originate at Suburban Station at 6:08 am, and arrive Chestnut Hill 
West at 6:42.  See the SEPTA flyer posted at stations for intermediate 
times.  

More Marketing Moves

A new SEPTA brochure aims to boost RRD ridership among North Philadelphia 
residents.  Titled "SEPTA Regional Rail: Your Ticket to Suburban Jobs, 
Shops, and Fun," the piece gives instructions for catching and riding RRD 
trains, lists some key destinations, and describes how the trains offer 
better service than SEPTA transit lines.  The colorful brochure also 
features pictures of black RRD riders.  

DVARP and others have expressed dismay about how few Philadelphia residents 
use RRD; this marketing effort should make an improvement in that figure.



##CTD  New Security Mascots

The Subway-Elevated Division introduced owl and lion mascots on station 
posters publicizing passenger security measures being taken on the Blue and 
Orange Lines.  


##LRD  Trolleys Coming Back!

SEPTA officials suprised light rail supporters by revealing plans for a 
Center City trolley loop, using the Route 23 tracks on 11th and 12th Sts.  
Work on various track sections will begin shortly.  A few of SEPTA's 
remaining PCC cars will be used to provide the service, which is to connect 
the Convention Center with the South Street entertainment district. A 
connection to the Zoo might be a future destination.

Eye on the Infrastructure: Track Upgrades

SEPTA crews are repairing Route 10 tracks at 63rd and Malvern, so trolleys 
are being detoured from 63rd and Lansdowne down to Girard Ave, and back to 
Center City on Girard.  Passengers must transfer to or from bus shuttles 
westbound at 63rd St., and eastbound at 48th.

Ongoing Route 11 work is necessitating shuttle bus service from 40th St. to 
Darby.  Work in the 49th St. area is expected to end late this month, at 
which time the trolley-bus transfer will be moved back to 49th and 
Woodland.  The shuttle on the outer end of the line will continue until 
fall.


##STD  Frontier Peak Service Boosted

Montgomery County and SEPTA are continuing to work to make public transit 
attractive to all citizens.  The County has sponsored service increases on 
three key Frontier Division routes.  With them, the 95, 96, and 98 offer 
half-hourly service from Norristown from 6 to 9 am and 3 to 6 pm.  

Safe and Sound, Thanks to Conrail

The controversial movement of nuclear fuel from Long Island to Limerick has 
been completed with no incidents.  Conrail moved the cargo from a barge 
dock in Delaware County through Philadelphia to the Montgomery County power 
plant.

Cape May Setback

Opening of the new passenger train service to the beach at Cape May will be 
delayed due to problems in getting special parts for the drawbridge.  The 
bridge is not expected to be ready until September.

##PATCO  Payment, Port Disputes

Disagreements between Pennsylvania and New Jersey representatives on the 
Delaware River Port Authority are threatening a shutdown of PATCO service.  
Pennsylvania members want PATCO to pay more rent to the City of 
Philadelphia, and would be likely to come out of the pockets of the 
farepayers, most of whom live in New Jersey.  


##D  Third-Quarter Ridership Stats
            ridership (000s)    change
Surface (bus)         79,657    -6.1%
Subway-Elevated       40,367    +2.0%
Light Rail             7,511    +0.8%
City Trans. total    127,535    -3.3%

Red Arrow          9,188    -4.7%
Frontier           1,504    -6.8%
Suburban Total    10,692    -5.0%

RRD Total         15,107    +5.2%

SEPTA Total      153,334    -2.6%

RRD Weekday Ridership by Line:
March 94 vs. March 93

R1 Airport      2,240    +22.4%
R2 Wilmington   6,435     +1.1%
R3 Elwyn        8,214     +5.0%
R5 Paoli       20,322     -1.1%
R6 Cynwyd         274     -3.1%
R7 Trenton      8,494     +2.8%
R8 C.H. West    5,623    +36.3%
PRR total      51,602

R2 Warminster   5,866    +27.6%
R3 West TrentoN 7,106    +13.9%
R5 Doylestown   9,821     +7.2%
R6 Norristown   4,321    +56.7%
R7 C.H. East    4,598    +25.0%
R8 Fox Chase    3,574    +23.3%
RDG total      35,286    

RRD total      86,888    +10.6%


CREDITS:
News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Chuck Bode, Howard 
Bender, Tom Borawski, Betsey Clarke, Lucia Esther, John Hay, Bob Machler, 
Mike McEnaney, Tom Moran, Don Nigro, Owen Robitano.

Additional news from BITNET, Boston Globe, the Central-Ledger, Conrail 
Newswire, Lansdale Reporter, Norristown Times-Herald, Passenger Transport, 
Philadelphia Daily News, Philadelphia Inquirer, USENET

The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger is a charter member of the Rail Online 
Newswire.

##E  SEPTA's Regional Rail System Must Be Modernized, 
     not Returned into a 19th Century Railroad
  by Vukan R. Vuchic Ph.D., Professor of Transportation Engineering, 
    University of Pennsylvania
  a reply to the review: "Build it and They Will Come" 
    [Matthew Mitchell-April DVRP]

Our DVARP has done excellent service to the Philadelphia Region with its 
critical stands, analyses and proposals for transit improvements over many 
years.  However, some DVARP members are doing less than constructive 
service by opposing any new ideas, particularly with respect to the 
Regional Rail (RGR) System.  They seem to believe that this system should 
be made as close to a 19th Century railroad as possible.

The traditional, old-fashioned "commuter railroad" served only commuters 
during the peaks to get into and out of the city center.  Metropolitan 
areas of today are very different from our cities 100 years ago, and 
transit systems must respond to the new tasks.  Contemporary "Regional 
Metro" systems serve also off-peak riders, they are integrated with transit 
and have many operating advantageous elements of transit (smaller crews, 
shorter headways, allowing many-to-many types of trips, integration with 
other transit, etc.).  Typical for this opposition to upgrading and 
modernization have been several recent articles by Mr. Matthew Mitchell.  
This is an answer to his review of the plan for long-range upgrading of 
SEPTA's Regional Rail System which we recently completed.

Having been a member of DVARP for a couple of decades and worked on transit 
improvements in Philadelphia for over 27 years, I would think that the 
first comprehensive analysis and plan for modernization of the regional 
rail system performed in many decades should be understood and generally 
supported by DVARP and all other transit supporters.  Instead of presenting 
a factual discussion (including endorsements and challenges to individual 
items), Mr. Matthew Mitchell gives a "praise-ridicule" review based on very 
incomplete understanding of our report. He comments that "in the zeal to 
promote what might be a better idea, does the report sacrifice 
objectivity?"  High level platforms are in "our idealized world"; our 
suggestion for crew reductions is, he claims, based on our inadequate 
understanding of Regional Rail cost structure!

Without refuting in detail these obviously erratic and confused comments on 
details of our report, I want to briefly state what the report, A Plan For 
Septa's Regional Metrorail System is, and what it proposes.  The report was 
produced by the research teams at the University of Pennsylvania and 
University of Delaware under leadership of Professor Shinya Kikuchi and 
myself. The work was sponsored by SEPTA and a grant from US DOT's 
Universities Transportation Research Program.

1. SEPTA's Regional Rail (RGR) network with some 200 miles of lines and 
over 160 stations, carrying (now) only 80,000 weekday riders, represents a 
greatly underutilized region's facility.  To improve its efficiency, the 
system must be modernized to offer more service, attract many new riders 
(and, thus, increase revenues), as well as to have lower operating costs, 
particularly those per train-kilometer.

2. In spite of individual innovations (rolling stock in 1970's, new 
signals, trailpasses, etc.), there has been no integrated plan for 
coordination among: platform designs-door supervision-train dispatching-
fare collection-crew sizes-shorter headways-attracted ridership.  The 
report presents such an integrated system plan.

3. After extensive analysis of all conceivable alternatives, gradual (line 
by line) construction of high-level platforms is recommended (Long Island 
Railroad, Metro North and NJT have done such construction in much shorter 
time periods).

4. Self-service fare collection is recommended to replace the obsolete 
manual collection, allowing reductions of crew sizes which today still 
consist of up to 5 persons!  Efficiency of peak-hour services would 
increase from this change even more than off-peak.

5. 70 new cars with driver-controlled doors should be purchased to provide 
all off-peak services in a much more efficient manner than now:  4 door 
channels would replace the present one or two.  Peak hours would continue 
to be served by the existing fleet, but without the need to raise and lower 
door traps.  The new cars would have substantially lower operating costs 
than the Silverliners.

6. Additional savings can be achieved by operation of single-car trains.  
Train detection capability has to be checked and ensured for this.

7. The investment required for this major upgrading of the entire RGR 
system is estimated at approximately $225M (this amount varies among 
several combinations of the recommended changes).  Large amount?  
Certainly, compared with operating costs, but certainly not large as an 
investment if Philadelphia is to get a modern, more attractive and more 
efficient RGR system instead of the present of one where the crews collect 
fares, punch tickets and move the door traps as they did 60 years ago. 
Bearing in mind that Atlanta, San Francisco, Los Angeles and many other 
peer cities have had voter support to invest 10 to 40 times greater invest-
ments into their transit systems, this investment would be extremely 
moderate and highly cost-effective.

8. The proposal is NOT to convert SEPTA's RGR system into a Washington 
Metro type system, as was implied by Mitchell. Enclosed, controlled 
stations are neither realistic nor necessary for the RGR system.  The 
intention is to take as many elements of light rail-type operations as 
possible and apply them to the RGR system, freeing it from a number of 
obsolete railroad practices:  rapid and easy boarding-alighting on multiple 
doors, self-service fare collection, simple station platform designs 
(depending on each line's train length and local conditions), etc.  The 
stations would resemble more those of the Norristown High-speed line 100 
than PATCO's stations.

9. The report is not a fixed, definitive plan:  It offers several 
alternative packages and proposes gradual but systematic upgrading of the 
network.  Certainly, designs of stations must be prepared, fare collection 
system selected.  Passenger projections must be done in much more depth.  
However, the plan is basically very realistic because each one of the 
proposed upgrading elements has been introduced successfully on many 
transit systems around the world.  The report will, hopefully, lead to a 
coordinated approach to the upgrading of the entire system, instead of 
continuation of independent work on its individual components.

The need to modernize our Regional Rail services-make them more attractive 
and more efficient-has been recognized by many SEPTA officials and other 
concerned persons in the Philadelphia Region.  This report presents such a 
plan and indications are that SEPTA will utilize it to develop a policy and 
plan for a coordinated upgrading of its Regional Rail System. 

*Dr. Mitchell replies:
I regret that Dr. Vuchic interprets my critical comments about the report 
as opposition to his plan, and that that review could be construed as 
DVARP's position.  But as an interested mass transit commentator and rider 
who finds a lot of promise in the metrorail concept, I was disappointed 
that the study left important questions unanswered, especially in 
comparison to the thorough analysis of other technical points.  I was not 
the only person to notice those omissions.  I hope Vuchic and Kikuchi will 
take the opportunity to strengthen their case by anticipating and answering 
questions like mine, since the people who will vote up or down on such a 
project will certainly have the same questions.


##F  Cab Ride on the Corridor    by Matthew Mitchell

Even though the scenery changes with the seasons, and little suprises like 
a heron swooping over the water beside a bridge fill the weekly Amtrak trip 
back home from Maryland, I can't help but feel a bit of routine set in.  
Once in a while though, the train trip can be special.

I get off work a bit early; and if I hustle up to BWI, I can get the train 
before my usual one.  Since it goes to Atlantic City, that early train is 
pushed by a diesel locomotive instead of pulled by an electric.  At the 
head end is one of the original Metroliners, converted by Amtrak's 
Wilmington Shop team into a cab-car for push-pull service.  But that car 
has been closed by the conductor, since our passenger load today is light.  
I take a seat, and going for a drink of water, I see why the head car is 
closed: the conductor likes his cigarettes, and he can sit back and enjoy a 
smoke without offending passengers who are not permitted to smoke on board.

A decent number of passengers board at Baltimore, including a loud man in a 
casino ballcap who wants a seat in the first car.  The conductor relents 
and opens it, and I grab my seat check and suitcase and go there too: my 
first ride in one of the converted Metroliners.  As soon as my ticket is 
checked, I walk up to the head end to watch out the front window.  The 
conductor comes up to the cab for another smoke, and when he leaves, the 
engineer notices me and invites me in.  He doesn't have to ask twice.

I know that running a passenger train carries a lot of responsibility, so I 
stand aside and keep quiet.  But Jim (not his real name) enjoys the 
company, and I guess that conversation breaks up the motonony of the tracks 
and keeps him alert and safe.  I'm pleased to do my part for safety.

We've gotten out of the city of Baltimore, so Jim hauls back on the 
throttle to Run 8.  I feel a little more push, and as our speed balances 
out, I watch out the left for the mileposts.  We click off three miles in a 
very smooth 36-37 seconds apiece, and seeing me look at my watch, Jim notes 
we are limited by our locomotive to 100 mph.  It's a GP40TC, which Amtrak 
bought second-hand from GO Transit in Toronto.  

A glance at the speedometer confirms my calculations: 100 on the nose.  And 
even though our speed is in three figures, it doesn't look that special out 
the cab window: just smooth welded rail, concrete ties, and green catenary 
wires stretching off into the distance.  I look down, and the ties fly by 
so fast it's hard to see them individually.  I wonder if 135 is any 
different.

The throttle is eased off a bit as we pass Havre de Grace and onto the 
Susquehanna River bridge.  From here I see how narrow the bridge is, and am 
grateful both that I'm not afraid of heights and that the flanged wheel 
gives us a safe footing.  The piers of the original bridge are down on the 
right, as is a boater looking up at us and waving.

We maintain the slighly lower speed on the other side, and whistle our 
presence to a crew doing work on an adjoining track.  They've stepped back 
away from us, welcoming the break.  A few of them wave, too.  

With the memory of newsletter items about incidents on SEPTA fresh in my 
mind, I ask whether there is much of a trespasser problem on the Corridor.  
The answer is few, but one trespasser being hit by a train is too many.  
Striking inanimate objects like shopping carts or tires left on the tracks 
by vandals is more common, and there are far too many grade crossings and 
far too many close calls on the Atlantic City Line.  I tell him I 
understand how awful it must be to be in the cab knowing that nothing you 
can do will stop the train in time to save the life of the person in that 
car, and tell him about the cover story we ran last fall by the woman from 
Conrail.

As we approach the Delaware line, an AEM-7 appears on the opposite track.  
We meet it in a flash, but there's still time for a wave to the fellows in 
their cab.  They've got a short consist, maybe a Metroliner, so our closing 
speed probably exceeded 200 miles per hour.  Their shock wave slams into 
our windows with a loud thud. A quick drop in speed for a curve, and we 
move back to Run 8 again. This engine accelerates well for a diesel, 
especially with the light load.  I step aside to let the conductor in; he 
wants another smoke.

The sounds of this trip are as interesting as the sights.  An occasional 
radio call to conform our position-we check in passing key points; and 
every minute or so, the alertor from the cab signal system sounds.  On 
SEPTA, this is a shrill wail as annoying as a car alarm, but this cab car's 
signal is much more subtle.  It starts out quiet, increasing in volume 
until Jim taps the mushroom button to acknowledge it.

It's a lot easier to spot trackside sights from the cab than from the coach 
windows.  It's easy to figure out which is the Newark station, and I take 
advantage of this perspective to make a mental note of the spots DelDOT 
will put stations for its restored train service south of Wilmington.

The yellow signs on the catenary crossspans indicate the speed restriction 
for the curves approaching Wilmington.  Jim lowers the throttle again, this 
time further than before; and makes a light brake application.  People are 
waiting on the platform as we proceed through Wilmington Station without a 
stop; they must be waiting for a southbound.

Yellow signals at Wine: we can't accelerate out of Wilmington.  Jim curses 
SEPTA.  Their train left a few minutes before, and hasn't cleared the block 
ahead yet.  A mention of my frustrations with SEPTA unleashes another 
torrent of insults: they're not real railroaders there, no spirit, just 
punching the clock, and their union has gotten a raw deal.  Jim says this 
SEPTA train rarely moves out on time, and this holdup happens nearly every 
day. Finally the cab signal clears, and hauling out the throttle is the 
punctuation mark on our grumbling.  We pass the SEPTA train between Marcus 
Hook and Chester.  I glance at my watch and figure I might be meeting that 
train at 30th Street for the last leg home.

Now the stations and the signals come more frequently, as do the homeward 
commuter trains on the opposite track.  We also meet one of the long-
distance trains.  In front view, its E60 locomotive has all the visual 
charm of a cinder block, but it sure can haul.  The familiar landmarks pass 
by, and when we get to the trolley depot at Elmwood, I know I have only a 
few minutes to gather my gear.  I go back to my seat, pull a spare 
newsletter from my bag, and leave it on top of Jim's case and jacket: no 
reading material in the cab other than the printed train orders.  One more 
look in, and I tip my cap to Jim, thank him, and he thanks me for the 
company.  I leave him with my usual "Have a safe weekend."  He will, I'm 
sure.

Next Month in the DVRP:
City Unveils New Transportation Vision

##G  Six Super Summer Train Trips    by Matthew Mitchell

Commuters are creatures of habit.  We catch the train in the morning, sit 
in the same seat every day.  About all that changes is what's in the 
newspaper we read.  All that monotony makes us forget about why we find 
riding the train better than driving.

Time to cure that!  Grab family or friend, a travel guide from the library, 
and a camera or diary to record your experiences.  We're going to take a 
vacation where getting there is as nice as the destination.  We're taking a 
train trip!

Beauty to Find in so Many Ways:  Join the Philadelphia Orchestra at its 
summer home in Saratoga Springs, NY.  Amtrak's Adirondack travels there 
every morning from New York, with connections from Philadelphia, and there 
is a new summer weekend train, too.  Call Amtrak for details and schedules: 
1-800-USA-RAIL.  Make sure to get a seat on the left side of the train 
going up the Husdon Valley, for the best view of the Palisades, West Point, 
and the other highlights of the trip.  Once you get to the luxurious resort 
town at the foot of the Adirondacks, spend your days seeing the mansions 
and art galleries or cheering a horse on at the race track, and your nights 
with the Orchestra, Ballet, or at the Jazz Festival.

Dandy Destination:  SEPTA's first "Ramble" in almost a decade is a do-it-
yourself trip to picturesque Doylestown, the heart of Bucks County.  Visit 
the SEPTA ticket office for an R5 ticket and the "Destination Doylestown" 
package.  That deal will save you money on museum admissions and other 
attractions.  While the Doylestown train is unacceptably slow for 
commuters, the leisurely pace is great for sightseeing.  You'll pass farms 
and forests, factories and homes.  Once you arrive at Doylestown, all the 
attractions are an easy (and clearly-marked) walk away.

Down the Shore-the Smart Way:  NJ Transit's Atlantic City Rail Line is a 
great travel bargain at only $6.00 from Philadelphia to A.C. ($3.00 from 
Lindenwold) and the service is quite convenient for any kind of day or 
evening trip.  By taking the train, you'll be watching the unique Pinelands 
environment instead of watching out for that casino bus coming up fast in 
your rear view mirror. Take the free NJT shuttle bus from the train station 
to the Boardwalk, then walk up and down as you please, or stop for some 
beach time or to see a show.  Even if you don't set foot in the casinos, 
you'll have a winning trip.

Harbor Highlights:  Got to get away for a spur-of-the-moment weekend?  
Amtrak puts Baltimore just 90 minutes away.  Use Railphone(R) to call for a 
hotel reservation right from the train. Then when you get to Penn Station, 
catch a cab or bus to the Inner Harbor.  If you're lucky, you can score 
some Orioles tickets; if not get your old-time baseball fix by visiting 
Babe Ruth's birthplace.  Families can find fun and education at the Museum 
of Industry and the Science Center.  Like trains?  See the B&O Museum and 
the trolley museum, and then take a ride up to Towson on the new light rail 
line.  Art lovers can make a weekend out of visits to the BMA and the 
Walters Art Gallery.

Mutiny on the Schuylkill:  The boss is on vacation, and showing up to work 
in Hawaiian shirts isn't enough of a razzberry to blow at the working 
world?  Sneak out of the office, down to the station, and catch the next R6 
train to Manayunk.  You and your officemates can browse through the trendy 
shops, then have lunch together at one of the many interesting restaurants.  
C'mon, it'll boost everyone's morale, so you can put it on the expense 
account.

Our Steel History:  The Strasburg area in Lancaster County is the home of a 
great concentration of rail-related attractions, including the Railroad 
Museum of Pennsylvania, the Strasburg Railroad, and the Train Collectors 
Association museum.  Every kid should have the chance to see these big and 
little trains, and if you were deprived of this experience in your 
childhood, it's not too late!


##H  DVRPC Citizens Pick New Leader

The DVRPC Regional Citizens Committee (RCC) elected Kevin Doherty to be the 
its next chairman.  Although Doherty has sat on the committee for only a 
few years, his professional career, which includes community relations work 
for New York Metropolitan Transportation Authority, SEPTA and New Jersey 
Transit, makes him eminently qualified for the position.  He has exhibited 
excellent skills as a facilitator and leader.

Doherty succeeds F. Karl Schauffele as the RCC's chairman.  Schauffele, in 
one way or another, has worked with the DVRPC since its inception.  He has 
been a strong and crucial champion of regionalism,  which at times was 
seriously threaten by various factions.  DVARP wishes him the best in his 
future endeavors and thanks him for his contributions to the Delaware 
Valley.-DN

##I  NJ Meeting Considers Transit's Future

Last month, the Eagleton Institute of Politics at Rutgers University hosted 
a symposium on the long-range future of public transit in New Jersey.  
NJDOT Commissioner Frank Wilson invited 50 of the state's leading 
transportation experts.  The invitees came from various backgrounds 
including metropolitan planning organizations NJ Transit and NJDOT planning 
offices, the legislature, and transit advocates (including DVARP/NJ-ARP 
South Jersey Coordinator, Donald Nigro).  Transit's future roles, its 
technologies, and its financing were some of the topics discussed.  

One of the most frequently heard messages was that transit needs a level 
playing field with the single occupant vehicle.  However, until this 
occurs, many concluded, transit's efforts are best directed toward 
strategic incremental growth.  A few individuals advocated privatization of 
public transit.  But Gerry Williams, Chairman of the South Jersey Transit 
Advisory Committee, cautioned against privatization, which he said could 
lead to "cherry picking" and a loss of seamless connections and ticketing.

To DVARP's knowledge, this is the first time that such a refreshingly 
varied group of individuals were brought together to discuss the long term 
challenges and opportunities that lie ahead for transit within New Jersey; 
for this, much credit is due to Frank Wilson, Shirley Delibero, and the 
Eagleton Institute.-DN

##J  Annual Picnic Coming

The traditional August outing to Willow Grove for a picnic lunch and 
informal meeting will be a week later than usual: August 27, from 12:45 to 
3:45 at the home of DVARP member Ralph Page.  A grill will be available, 
please bring your own entree and something else to share with the rest of 
the group.

##K  Volunteers Wanted

Enjoy photography?  Want to see your work published?  The DVRP needs more 
stock and news photos.  A new production manager is also needed: that job 
entails picking up the newsletter from our printer (presently located in 
Willow Grove) and arranging a time and place for volunteers to label and 
staple it.  Call Matt Mitchell at 215-222-3373, message box 3 if you're 
interested in either of these opportunities.


##L  Dates of Interest

DVARP Incorporation Committee: Sat., July 9, 11:15 at Chestnut Gourmet 1121 
Chestnut St., Phila.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., July 9, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 
1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

EPA/Northeast Ozone Transport Commission Public Roundtable on Low-Emission 
Vehicles:  Wed., July 13 at Holiday Inn Crown Plaza, 1605 Broadway, New 
York City.  Contact: Mike Shields, 202-260-3450.

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., July 16, 11:15 at 104 Edison Ave., 
Collingswood, NJ.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., July 16, 1:00 to 4:00 at 104 Edison Ave, 
Collingswood, NJ.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., July 19, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 
to 5:30 pm at 69th St. Terminal, 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown 
Transportation Center.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., July 18, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board 
Room, 714 Market St.

Rail to the [Delaware State] Fair:  Sat., July 23.  Train leaves Claymont, 
DE at 10:25 am, stops at Wilmington and Newark, continues to Fairgrounds in 
Harrington, and Frankford, DE..  Return trip from fair leaves 6:21 pm, 
arrives Claymont 9:26 pm.  For tickets or more information, call Delaware 
Railroad Administration, 302-577-RAIL.

Deadline for August newsletter material:  Tues., July 26, to Matthew 
Mitchell or in DVARP mailbox.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., July 28, 3:00 pm at SEPTA Board Room, 714 
Market St.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Aug. 4, 7:00 pm, at State Senate 
Chamber, Legislative Hall, Dover.  Call Ken Berg, 410-648-5961, for more 
information.

DVARP Incorporation Committee: Sat., Aug. 13, 11:15 at Chestnut Gourmet 
1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Aug. 13, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 
1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

DVARP Annual Picnic and Meeting: Sat., Aug. 27, 12:45 to 3:45 at 3140 
Woodland Ave. Willow Grove.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to 
confirm time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.



##M  Up and Down the Corridor
News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

LIRR Deal Ends Two-Day Strike

Conductors and other Long Island Rail Road personnel represented by the 
United Transportation Union walked off their jobs in the culmination of a 
years-long dispute with the MTA over wages and work rules.  The strike shut 
down the system Friday June 18, forcing commuters to use chartered buses or 
their cars to get to city subway stations, from which they could catch 
Manhattan-bound trains.  Some chose to just stay home, or overnight in New 
York to avoid the chaos altogether.  When Congress failed to intervene and 
impose a contract settlement on the parties, a deal was hammered out 
Saturday.  Train service resumed Sunday.

The proposed settlement includes modest retroactive wage increases and no 
change in work rules.  Under the old contract, conductors typically made 
$46,000 per year.  While some felt those salaries were too high, the real 
hit to MTA's (and the taxpayers') pocketbook came from personnel 
assignments and other work rules which inflate the number of workers needed 
to run the railroad.

New York governor Mario Cuomo came under fire in the aftermath of the 
strike.  Before the walkout, he called on MTA officials to hold firm in 
demands for work rule reforms and wage concessions, but once the trains 
stopped running, he quickly made concessions to the union.  Some accuse 
Cuomo of making the shift to avoid a prolonged strike which would have hurt 
Cuomo's chances for reelection this fall.

Blue in Boston, Revere

Boston's MBTA began a year-long shutdown of the outer end of its Blue Line 
rapid transit route, for systematic reconstruction of bridges, track, and 
stations.  Service will be terminated at Orient Point; Logan Airport will 
continue to be served by the 'T' as usual.

Boston Workers Make a Point

MBTA officials were embarrassed when maintenance crews turned down a 
request to make pen and pencil sets to be handed out as souvenirs at the 
APTA conference to be hosted by the 'T' this fall.  Management had hoped to 
show off their employee's workmanship with the desk sets, but it seems they 
had just issued an order to the shop crews forbidding them from doing such 
nonessential work for themselves.  

##N  Correction Correction:  Back to Geography class...
The correct endpoint of the proposed Susquehanna Line service is 
Warwick, NY.  The West Shore Line would run to West Haverstraw, NY. 
Thanks to the readers who pointed this out!


##O  Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, July 16, 1:00 to 4:00    104 Edison Ave., Collingswood NJ
(note change of location!)

PATCO trains operate frequently; travel time to Collingswood 14 minutes.  
From Collingswood PATCO, walk one block west under tracks to Edison Ave., 
turn left.

Saturday, August 27, 12:45 to 3:45    DVARP Annual Picnic and Meeting
(note change of date!)    3140 Woodland Ave., Willow Grove, PA

SEPTA R2 train departs Suburban Station 12:05, arrives Roslyn 12:41, or use 
bus routes 22 or 98.  Rides will be available from Roslyn.  Return train 
leaves Roslyn 3:53.

Saturday, September 17, 1:00 to 4:00    Temple University Center City



Agenda for the July meeting:
1:00 Introductions, agenda, minutes
1:15 Issues requiring immediate action
    Regional TIP
2:30 Other issues
  South Jersey Committee:
    PATCO 
    Shore service
  Administration/General:
    Meeting Schedule and Locations
    Committee Structure
    Newsletter
    Incorporation
    Philosophy Statement

Committee Meetings:

South Jersey Committee:  Sat., July 16, 11:15 at 104 Edison Ave., 
Collingswood, NJ

Incorporation Committee:  Sat., Aug 13, 11:15 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 
Chestnut St.

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Aug 13, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 
Chestnut St.

Transit Committee:  Call DVARP Voice-mail, 215-222-3373, message box 3.

---END---
