The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

Electronic Edition

December  1993

Vol. XI, No. 12



Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in 

the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the 

present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of 

southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373

<73243.1224@compuserve.com>  <---NEW E-MAIL ADDRESS



The Electronic Edition is published as a service to the net community

by DVARP.  Please send your comments to <mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov>.

Archives are maintained at <listserv@cunyvm.cuny.edu>.  To obtain a

newsletter file from January 1992 to the present, send an e-mail message

to the listserv saying GET DVARP 9201 RAILNEWS (substitute the year and

month you want for 9201).  This newsletter can also be obtained by FTP

to hipp.etsu.edu, directory pub/railroad/dvarp.  DVARP thanks archivists

Geert K. Marien and Dr. Robert Wier for providing these archive sites.



Time to Renew Your DVARP Membership!

       use the coupon on page 15

No Dues Increase in 1994--details page 14



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger.

1     Broadway Limited farce demonstrates serious problems with Amtrak 

      management

3     Riders win!  Feds increase capital funding, concourse vagrants 

      have new home, El car deal done.

4     On the Railroad Lines:  Cynwyd line threatened by bridge closing, 

      SEPTA people make merry.

7     South Jersey Update:  Ridership up, but NJT not resting on its 

      laurels

8     Harrisburg Line:  John Pawson explains why SEPTA should have 

      control of it.

10    Europeans, Americans teaming up to bid on high-speed trains for 

      Amtrak.

11    Federal hearing on intermodal planning and implementation: 

      different views of progress made.

13    PA, NJ, NY seek Phoebe Snow's return.

14-15  Dates of Interest, Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory



DVARP President: Chuck Bode          

Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell

Production Manager: Tom Borawski

for other officers and committee chairs, see page 15    



entire contents copyright c 1993  DVARP,

   except photos c 1993 credited photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not 

necessarily those of DVARP or its members. 

We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373



A "Broadway" Farce in Two Acts      by Chuck Bode          

   Act I--The Westbound Broadway Limited, October 17th: A Hot Train

   The trip begins normally--the Broadway Limited leaving Philadelphia 

17 minutes late.  Numerous package cars, about five coaches, a snack 

car, a dinner, and two sleepers in that order form today's train. 

Despite reports of sold out trains, this one is only about 50% full--

which will shortly be fortunate.  Out on the mainline all seems well: 

the crew collects tickets and fills out reports of who is to get off at 

which station.

   The crew assures a concerned passenger that the train will make up 

delay time and arrive on time. Another passenger across the aisle is 

going to Huntingdon. She is also concerned about being late. She had to 

arrange to be met.  Seems Huntingdon does not have even one taxi and she 

is too old to walk home.  She hopes her ride will wait the 20 extra 

minutes because there is no way for him to know where the train is.  The 

passenger next to her is less help. She rides the Broadway almost once a 

month and says it is never on time and is often hours late.  Her husband 

is to meet her at Pittsburgh.  As the saying goes--watch this space.

   Over the PA an announcement is made that there will be three seatings 

for dinner--5:30, and two later about 7 and 8:30.  A member of the 

dining car staff comes through the train taking dinner reservations.  

Decisions, decisions.  One of our party is hungry so we settle on 5:30.  

A stop to pick up passengers at Paoli is normal.  A few hundred feet 

west of Malvern Station the train comes to a stop.  Why would the 

Broadway stop in the middle of nowhere?

   Now about 5:35 our party heads to the diner, easier to walk in a 

motionless train.  Entering the diner one sharp nose asks about an odd 

burning smell?  This is a "hot car"--whatever that is supposed to mean--

seems to be the explanation. We are seated and our order taken.  We 

remain in the curve west of Malvern--studying the superelevation with 

our water glasses. We notice that the crew begins telling arriving 

diners that the car is closed? A PA announcement is made for crew 

members--to come to the diner for dinner?

   There seem to be a few attempts to back the train and the crew is on 

the ground.  About 6:15 our waiter tells us that passengers whose meals 

have been started can remain and finish, but that desert will not be 

served because the diner is to be removed from the train.

   Logical places to remove the car would seem to be Paoli or Thorndale 

which have switches and side tracks to store the car.  With a diesel 

engine there should be no problem running around the train to remove the 

car--just takes time.  Maybe Amtrak is sending a switch engine from 30th 

Street to make the project easier--it ought to be here by now.  We 

finish eating and return to our coach.  Frustrated passengers are being 

told the snack-lounge car is closed but not why.  Therein is the nub of 

the problem--passengers not informed for hours.  Some passengers would 

not be told what was going on until after 9.

   About 7--well over an hour motionless--an announcement is made for 

crew to assist moving food to the snack car. An announcement is made for 

help moving sleeping car passengers and their luggage forward.

   The train has now blocked one track for an extended time at peak 

commuter time.  Beside it is a second track.  For some strange reason 

only a couple eastbound trains go by.  Wonder why none of the trains use 

the other track? Must be a lot of mad commuters by now.  At 7:20 one 

Harrisburg train used the other track so we know it could be done.

   At 7:23 the Broadway moves--minus a diner and two sleepers. Finally 

underway, an announcement is made that some cars have been left behind. 

Otherwise, all that the passengers are being told is to stay in their 

seats and not move about--might as well be on an airplane with the seat 

belt sign lit. Oh yes, that passenger for Huntingdon is by now extremely 

concerned--but she has decided to try to find a place to call the 

police--her only hope for not spending the night outdoors at a deserted 

station.

   Recalling stories of how railroads strove to recover lost time, we 

hope Amtrak can uphold the tradition.  Now three cars shorter the train 

should go faster.  Time passes and a parade of passengers with much 

luggage moves forward through the coaches.  We get later--Lancaster is 1 

hour 58 minutes late, Harrisburg 2 hours 10 minutes. More time, maybe 

9:30, and our coach is told there is free food in the snack car.

   We stop for Huntingdon at 11:04: 2 hours and 11 minutes late. The 

passenger's ride waited for her!  She hadn't been on a train for many 

years. I suspect we won't ever see her again.

   Let's analyze act one.  The train broke down.  It took only minutes 

to determine the problem and apparently the crew knew then that the car 

could not be moved.  Why did it take over an hour and a half to uncouple 

the cars? Passengers and their luggage could have been removed in much 

less time.  A pizza place with delivery truck could have stocked the 

snack car along the way.

   We are left to conclude that the onboard crew eventually made a good 

series of decisions under difficult circumstances.  They relocated the 

affected passengers and the food. They fed the sleeping car passengers 

first, then worked one coach at a time proceeding away from the snack 

car feeding the other passengers. They made food free, but that was 

probably as much to simplify logistics as for goodwill.

   We are also left to conclude that "management infrastructure" is 

weak. Some distant place must have had to authorize leaving the cars--as 

we will see in act two, there was no choice.  Lack of training is a 

management failure, which is the only cause of the total lack of timely 

and useful announcements.  There is no reason passengers should not have 

been told that a breakdown occurred, that the snack car was closed 

because it was being used as a diner or that limited facilities made it 

necessary to feed passengers one car at a time.

   Act II--Who Minds the Store?

   After the trip we began to inquire about what happened. Railfans seem 

to have information sources everywhere--a second CIA. What they report 

makes the management failure after the train stopped seem minor.the 

Broadway was on fire.

   The Broadway starts in New York City.  From there to Philadelphia it 

passed numerous other trains--NJ Transit, SEPTA, and Amtrak. At least as 

far back as Croydon, SEPTA trains were reporting that the Broadway had a 

serious problem.

   Who decided not to investigate the situation then?  Surely there are 

people to inspect at 30th Street Station.  This is the last major Amtrak 

facility until Chicago. Why wasn't a through inspection made to 

determine why passing trains would report fire under the Broadway?  Such 

a report from a bystander ought to be checked.  Surely reports from 

experienced train crews would be taken seriously?  Not by Amtrak. 

   Additional reports of trouble were made by SEPTA trains between 30th 

Street Station and Paoli.  There are even SEPTA mechanical staff at 

Paoli.  They may not be familiar with details of Amtrak cars, but they 

could probably observe a major problem.

   How major was the problem?  When the train finally stopped a wheel 

was flat--a flat 6 inches long!  It required repairs so serious that the 

car sat at Paoli for days.  How close was the Broadway to derailing 

before someone did something?

   Amtrak may cry lack of money, but the immediate problem seems to be 

lack of management. A secondary problem seems to be splitting the 

railroad into multiple pieces and removing many of the facilities.  When 

it was one PRR, crew worked up from years of experience in freight 

service.  That meant passenger crews were thoroughly qualified in 

dealing with mechanical operations and problems. There was also a pool 

of other employees to assist during problems--everybody worked for one 

boss rather than Amtrak, Conrail and SEPTA.

   The one boss, one railroad concept also meant assistance from the 

closest location during problems--PRR had engines at Paoli and 

Thorndale. But Amtrak banished Conrail and its freight from the line. 

Must have also banished SEPTA that evening.

   The issue affects every railroad user, passenger and freight. Is it 

in their best interest to continue discarding facilities and balkanizing 

the facilities? Or will it eventually lead to no facilities and no 

trains despite the illusory financial success in cutting costs by 

stripping off assets?



From the Editor's Seat:

       No Free Ride!

   Are suburban employers justified in crying that trip reduction 

regulations are an unfair burden?  I say no.  

   The people who are crying have been getting a free ride for years, 

but it's over now.  The government's subsidy of automotive 

transportation is so all-pervasive that people see it as some kind of 

basic right.  For the good of all of us who live and work in the 

suburbs, that attitude has to change.

   Frantic development of the remaining open space in the suburbs has 

been hastened by policies which give away infrastructure improvements to 

businesses which locate on previously undeveloped sites.  They buy the 

land cheap, and new roads, sewers, and other improvements subsidized by 

your tax dollars inflate the value of the property.  The cheaper cost of 

relocation to rural areas is also being subsidized by the employees, 

with the time and money they spend driving to the out-of-the-way site.

   County and local governments have started to recoup through 

development fees at least part of the costs they incur, but the 

developers refuse to pay the entire cost.  Meanwhile, many sites which 

already have been developed lie fallow, a blight on their communities.

   Those employers made their bed, relying on the automobile for all 

their transportation needs and imposing a burden on the community.  Now 

let them lie in it.



No free ride for drivers, either.

   Given that most businesses aren't going to pick up stakes and move, 

it's clear the solution is carpools and mass transit.  Is paying for new 

mass transit routes an unfair burden on employers?  Is subsidizing 

transit commuters an unfair burden?  Let's look at the question the 

other way: how many billions of dollars do businesses spend on subsidies 

(yes, they certainly are subsidies!) paid to employees who drive alone 

to work?  Redirect those subsidies to transportation services that are 

less hostile to the community, and the net cost is zero.  That's right, 

zero!  The law calls for a reduction in car use of only 25 percent.  If 

three drivers start paying $30 a month for parking instead of being 

subsidized, the employer gets 90 dollars to spend on a transit pass for 

the fourth.  Net cost: zero.  There is a cost for the paperwork showing 

compliance with the regulations, but if the employers had done the right 

thing in the first place; things never would hav gotten to where the 

state had to step in.



Happy Holidays!

   When you wish a safe journey to frineds and family who are traveling 

this holiday season, remind them the safest and most pleasant way to go 

is the train!--MDM



Board Awards El Car Contract

   The SEPTA Board awarded the $285 million contract for 220 Market-

Frankford cars to ABB Traction, after a third study found the New York 

firm to be a responsible bidder.  Local subcontractors hoping for a 

piece of the ABB deal added to the tumult of job creation claims and 

threats of reprisal which had been building up for months.  With FTA 

Administrator Gordon Linton in the audience, the Board voted 13-1 in 

favor of ABB. With such an overwhelming majority one would think that 

not much was said during the Board meeting; however, that is not our 

Board's way.

   At one point (after Andrew Warren asked for the vote to be taken), a 

plea by Board Member Jettie Newkirk to stop "political posturing" 

yielded an additional ten minutes of political posturing. Board members 

pledge eternal vigilance over ABB. After reading Steve Masters' story on 

the N5 in last month's DVRP, surveillance from Constantinople-on-Market 

may be wise.



Concourse Cleared of Homeless Persons

   The City and SEPTA started cleaning the concourse on the 13th of 

November after removing homeless people who had been encamped there over 

a year.  The Inquirer reported that David Cohen, the Mayor's chief of 

staff, said that no one who wanted a bed at the city's facilities had 

been turned away.  To discourage further encampments, exits from the 

eastbound side of 13th St. Station are being closed at 8:00 pm.  The 

South Concourse is now locked down after the last subway train passes 

each night.  With the health and safety hazard to passengers and SEPTA 

employees alleviated, DVARP has lifted its warning to avoid 13th Street 

eastbound.



Fed Budget Brings Boost to Transit

   While Federal funding of mass transit is significantly increased over 

FY 1993's budget, the full funding levels authorized by the ISTEA law 

still have not been achieved.  When the House and Senate got through 

with President Clinton's proposed budget, the riders and capital 

planners of the nation's mass transit systems were winners.  Programs 

allocating capital funds to transit agencies based on fixed criteria 

like number of miles of service operated were sharply increased.  

Transit operators and supporters are still worried about the cost of 

compliance with Federal mandates like the Clean Air Act, Americans With 

Disabilities Act, and Railroad Retirement taxes, for which Congress has 

set aside no money.

   On the capital grant front, Congress shifted its funding preference 

from building new rail systems and lines to rebuilding older systems 

like SEPTA's.  Federal operating funds allocated to SEPTA should stay 

about the same, an outcome pretty much expected.  It's likely that 

legislators were influenced by transit's promise that increased funding 

would result in increased jobs in America's cities.  APTA's breakdown of 

the Federal transit budget appears below:

                            FY 93     ISTEA     FY94     Change

   Section 3:  Capital Grants     Authorized

   New Starts/Extensions     721.8     820.0     667.9      -7.5%

   Rail Modernization        666.3     820.0     760.1     +14.1%

   Bus                       336.9     410.0     357.0      +6.0%

   Formula Funding:

   Sec. 9 Urban             1560.5    2642.6    2226.6     +42.7%

   operating portion         802.3    1059.3     802.3       0.0%

   Sec. 18 Rural              90.8     153.8     129.6     +42.7%

   Sec 16b Elderly            48.6      68.7      58.7     +20.8%

   Interstate Transfer        75.0      ---       45.0     -40.0%

   Planning/Research          91.0     160.7      98.3      +8.0%

   TOTAL FTA@               3799.6    5325.0    4582.6     +20.6%

     @includes administration, Washington Metro



Computer Corner:

   Internet SEPTA Schedules a Success

   Hundreds of people have checked out the SEPTA commuter rail schedules 

available on the PennInfo computer system.  You don't have to be a Penn 

student to use them: anyone with an internet connected computer can 

enter the command telnet penninfo. upenn.edu to access the system.  

SEPTA's latest printed schedules now also show how.



Subway Info On-line

   Pierre David of Versailles, France has created an on-line direction-

finder for several subway systems including New York and Paris.  For 

details, e-mail to Pierre.David@ masi.uvsq.fr



DVARP Newsletter Disks Available

   Once again, you can obtain a full year of the Delaware Valley Rail 

Passenger on floppy disk.  Send $4.00 to DVARP for disk and postage, and 

specify IBM or Macintosh format: 5.25 or 3.5 inch.

        

   On the Railroad Lines.



Engineer and Conductor Unions Consider Merger 

   UTU News reports that informal discussions are underway between 

officers of the United Transportation Union (which represents SEPTA's 

conductors) and the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (which 

represents the engineers) to determine if a merger of the two unions can 

be achieved.

   The News quotes UTU President G. Thomas DuBose, "I want to emphasize 

that, at this time, neither union has agreed to any merger plan or 

conditions, but both sides do agree that further talks are necessary, 

and that a merger would serve the long-term interest of both 

memberships." 



R1   Surfacing Complete

   The track maintenance project which disrupted weeknight service to 

Elkins Park, Jenkintown, and Warminster is now done and schedules are 

back to normal.

Wire Pulled Down

   The Reading trunk suffered hour-long delays October 28 due to downed 

wires just north of Jenkintown.  The trunk suffered 30 minute delays 

during the morning rush November 10 due to a "Conrail equipment 

problem," reportedly a derailment.



R2   Delaware Deal Done

   Delaware Transportation Authority (DTA) and SEPTA have amended the 

operating agreement for service to Wilmington. The agreement will 

"permit SEPTA to capture its incremental costs" while DTA will be 

"credited for revenues attributable to passengers originating in 

Wilmington."

Sharon Hill Station Benefit

   Looking for a conversation starter for your desk or living room? A 

holiday gift for a model railroading friend? Sharon Hill Historical 

Society is selling HO scale "save our station" boxcar kits as a 

fundraising effort for restoration of the Sharon Hill train station at 

$10.98 each, including postage, from SHHS, c/o John A. Nawn, 144 Laurel 

Rd., Sharon Hill, Pa. 19079-1322. --CB



R3     SEPTA Girds for I-95 Project

   As PennDOT prepares to rebuild the Delaware Expressway, parking lots 

at SEPTA Regional Rail stations will be expanded at Yardley, Woodbourne, 

Langhorne, Neshaminy Falls, Trevose, and Philmont in 1994.

   The West Trenton line had 15 minute delays during the morning rush 

November 11th due to "late track work."



R5     North Wales Safety Talks

   Representatives from SEPTA, PennDOT and the Public Utilities 

Commission met with North Wales Borough and Upper Gwynedd Township 

officials to discuss crossing safety.  The Inquirer reports that the 

meeting was arranged by State Senator Holl after the September 30th 

accident which killed a North Wales child.

Lansdale Station an Historic Dump

   State Senator Edwin Holl has written to SEPTA GM Gambaccini asking 

that SEPTA renovate the Lansdale Station according to the Reporter.  The 

station was built in 1902.



R6    New Warning Sign, But Crews Still Flagging

   At Markley Street in Norristown a new electric "no right turn" sign 

has been installed which lights up when the crossing gates are 

activated.  Crews are still hand flagging the railroad crossing at Main 

Street.



52nd Street Jumpover to be Phased Out

   (photo of structure)

   DVARP has learned that the structure which connects the R6 Cynwyd 

line to the Amtrak main line will be phased out in approximately one 

year.  The current alternative is to use the track 1 tunnel which has in 

the past proven to be unworkable (because of the requirement to travel 

against the usual flow of traffic).  A new Cynwyd line connection must 

be made now before the bridge is history.



Bala Station: From Lease to Easement

   Leases which allowed commuters access to Bala Station through private 

property have been converted to perpetual easement.



Kazoo-Toting SEPTA Volunteers Bring Christmas Cheer

   The Paoli, Chestnut Hill West, Frankford, and Broad-Ridge lines 

hosted Santa specials on 'Black Friday'this year.  Upon the train's 

arrival, the 'circumferentially-challenged' man in red lead a parade of 

Mummers and kids to the musical tree at center court. Sixty SEPTA 

volunteers started musical careers by handing out free kazoos to the 

kids.  DVARP Volunteer Coordinator Betsy Clark reports that the R8 

Chestnut Hill West run was packed.  Thank you SEPTA volunteers and Happy 

Holidays to you all!

   

CTD     Track Upgrade

   New welded rail was installed Sunday November 21 on the southbound 

local track between Erie and Girard.  Trains operated on the express 

track while shuttle buses served the local stations.

@Weekend service disruptions on the Frankford El are suspended until 

January.  

@Market-Frankford cashier Harold Murray earned a Star Award for 

assisting a SEPTA Police Officer in the apprehension of a thief. 

   

STD

@KYW reported that Route 100 was offering only "limited service" on 

Saturday Nov. 20. No reason for the disruption was given.

@The latest Route 125a schedule offers through buses from Center City to 

Collegeville and Upper Providence.  Six round-trips are now offered for 

those working at the MontCo companies sponsoring the service, three for 

suburban residents who work in Philadelphia.



Such A Deal: 8› a Token

   Ever wonder how much tokens cost SEPTA?  The Board recently awarded a 

$170,000 contract to buy 2 million tokens.  That works out to 8› per 

token.



New Bus Microphones for Handicapped Will Help Everyone

   SEPTA awarded a $242,000 contract to Neoplan, the manufacturer of 

SEPTA's bus fleet, for lapel microphones to be added to bus PA systems.  

The mikes are required by the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) but 

will help everybody, as long as the operators actually use them.  

   SEPTA rules require drivers to announce all Center City stops, and 

other points which are marked with little 'megaphone' stickers on the 

transit stop sign.



Eye on the Infrastructure:  Route 13 Work Expanded

   The Board approved an $73,000 increase in the contract price for the 

Chester Avenue Track and Roadway Improvements Project.  The total 

contract value stands at $683,000.



National Post Ends for Gambaccini

   SEPTA GM Louis Gambaccini's term as Chairman of the American Public 

Transportation Association ended in October as he was replaced by Rod 

Dirdon of Santa Clara County (San Jose), California.



Section 9 Subsidy Update

   The Federal formula subsidy for rail operations, on which Newtown 

privatization plans rest (see cover story: October DVRP) is $21,000 per 

year per mile, according to SEPTA CFO Feather Houstoun.



SEPTA Joins Trip Reduction Team

   SEPTA finally accepted its role as provider of transportation 

solutions to employers faced with state manates to reduce the number of 

cars employees drive to work.  A SEPTA brochure outlines several 

employer-oriented SEPTA programs, like COMPASS, the corporate pass sales 

program, and the employer-supported services like Route 125a.  

Meanwhile, WCAU-TV jumped on the media support of transit bandwagon by 

sponsoring a brochure touting the DVRPC's TransitChek commuter benefit 

program.

   In its brochure, SEPTA promises two new services:  customized transit 

itineraries for new employees, and a 'guaranteed ride home' for 

employees in areas with limited transit service who have to leave work 

early or late.  The latter program has been successful in several other 

systems.

   The Market Development Office at SEPTA is responsible for serving the 

employers:  if your employer isn't 'on-board' with SEPTA yet, do your 

fellow employees a favor and get the boss to call 580-7963.



News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Chuck Bode, 

   Howard Bender, Tom Borawski, Betsey Clark, Regina Litman, James Lutz, 

Don Nigro, John Pawson, Dan Radack, William Ritzler, Lee Winson.

   Additional news from BITNET, ESPA Express, Highway Builder, 

   Jenkintown Times-Chronicle, KYW, Lansdale Reporter, NMRA Bulletin, 

Newark Star-Ledger, Norristown Times-Herald, Passenger Transport, 

Philadelphia Inquirer, Surface Transportation Policy Project, 

   USENET, UTU News Online.



Montco to SEPTA: Take Our Money

   The Times Herald reports that Montco Commission Chairman Mario Mele 

told SEPTA officials, "Transportation is an area where I'd like to spend 

more..it will be cheaper for the taxpayers in the long run.We can't have 

more cars on the roads and we can't build more roads." 



Route X Extension Mulled

   Route X, one of SEPTA's least-known and least-used routes, may 

undergo a metamorphosis into a longer, stronger Route 77.  The current 

Chestnut Hill-Glenside-Jenkintown service would be extended to Northeast 

Philadelphia via Township Line Rd. and Cottman Av., making the first 

circumferential SEPTA route in the north suburbs.  Transit supporters in 

Montgomery County have been asking for the extension for years, but have 

not been able to find the funding SEPTA needs to extend the route. 

   Now the County Commissioners are considering providing that support.  

But another obstacle to the extension may be opposition from Jenkintown 

residents living along the route, but there is likely to be plenty of 

support from other residents who would be able to access shopping, 

medical services, and jobs with the new bus service.



422 Corridor Transit Plan Dropped

   An effort to regulate suburban sprawl and bring back the railroad 

village has been officially dropped by the Montgomery County Planning 

Commission, according to the Inquirer.  The villages would have been 

called "Transit Activity Centers."  The clustering of development was an 

effort to preserve open space, reduce traffic congestion, and save 

millions in infrastructure costs: water, sewage and electricity.

   The plan was killed by local municipalities intent on maintaining 

control of the planning process.  Some residents appear to favor sprawl 

since the proposed villages resembled the city they were escaping from.  

There were fears that the land designated as "open space" would be 

reduced in value.



Auto Subsidy = 10 x Transit's

   A study released by Professor John Pucher of Rutgers shows that the 

subsidy provided to motorists is ten times that of the average transit 

user.  He has calculated that the price of gasoline would have to rise 

to between $6 and $8 a gallon to cover the full social costs and 

economic costs of driving.



BARTA Celebrates 20 Years

   BARTA, serving Berks County and Reading, celebrated its 20th birthday 

Oct 8 by serving coffee and cake to the passengers.  BARTA also 

published a 16 page area transit guide as a newspaper supplement paid 

for by advertisements in the supplement. 



Red Rose Captures Design Award

   Red Rose Transit Authority (Lancaster) won the 1992 PennDOT 

Excellence in Transportation Design/Construction Award. This award had 

once been limited to highway and bridge projects; 1992 was the first 

year it was expanded to include transit & airport projects. 

   The winning project was renovation of the Lancaster Information 

Center during fall 1991. Renovations included addition of a change 

machine, telephone, schedule rack, snack area, and seating.  DVARP 

congratulates RRTA for this achievement.  

   November was the 18th year RRTA participated in the Toys for Tots 

program. RRTA accepted donation of a toy as the base fare from November 

1 through 21.



Cyclists Aggressive in Anti-Car Protests

   A group called Bicycle Action Movement held several demonstrations 

recently, to call attention to the dangerous conditions cyclists face on 

Philadelphia streets.  State and City officials have been very slow to 

recognize cycling as a useful transportation alternative, and to 

implement sections of the ISTEA law which mandate planning for bicycle 

routes as part of the overall intermodal transportation planning 

process.  

   One recent example of the car-only attitude was the Walnut Street 

Bridge reconstruction, which failed to include a bike lane or shoulder 

for safe biking.  Cyclists held a "die-in" there when the bridge opened: 

the first such protest here.  More recent demonstrations have blocked 

car traffic around City Hall and at other locations in Center City.  The 

protests acheived their goal of publicizing cyclists' problems, but 

there is a long way to go before drivers and PennDOT share the road.  

   While the Delaware Valley Bicycle Coalition was not affiliated with 

the demonstrations; it is sympathetic with the protestors' objective.  

DVBC President Noel Weyrich said he would "support any activity that 

underlines to City officials that they are not doing nearly enough for 

bicyclists."



NJT Ridership Up 4%

   The Newark Star-Ledger reports that ridership on NJ Transit's buses 

and trains has grown almost 4 percent over the last 6 months.  Rail 

ridership increased 3.5% for the period. NJT Executive Director Shirley 

DeLibero attributes the increase to employment gains in the region, 

improved service, television advertising and the steady fares. NJT 

registered a 1.7% increase last year.  The numbers for specific lines 

are as follows:

   (April-June '93 Vs. April-June '92)

   Northeast Corridor       +3.5%

   N. Jersey Coast Line     +7.8%

   Raritan Valley Line      +6.9%

   Morris & Essex Line      +2.4%

   Main-Bergen Line         +1.4%

   Boonton Line             +0.5%

   Pascack Valley Line      -7.0%

   Atlantic City Line       +1.4%

   TOTAL                    +3.5%



NEC Station to serve Newark Airport

   NJT has hired architects to begin design of a new Northeast Corridor 

station which will serve Newark International Airport according to the 

Star-Ledger. The paper said that current plans call for trains to make 

stops at the new station every 15 minutes.  The station will be linked 

to the airport via a one mile extension of the airport monorail system 

now under construction.  The paper said the new station and monorail 

extension are expected to cost about $157 million.



SEPTA Sleeps, New Jersey Acts

   The Star-Ledger reports that New Jersey Transit unveiled a $7 million 

experimental program to add 41 bus and rail services for suburban office 

parks, malls and industrial parks not now well served by transit.  In 

addition new park and ride facilities will be constructed in Woodbury-

Avondale area and at the Vince Lombardi Service area in the NJ Turnpike.  

Also routes would add evening and weekend service and "reverse commute" 

service will be expanded in certain bus routes.



DVARP Hits West Trenton Study

   A DVARP response to an NJ Transit study claiming that restoration of 

West Trenton-Bound Brook-Newark service would not be viable identified 

several benefits missed in the NJT document.  While the original study 

said that riders would be diverted from the Northeast Corridor line, the 

new service was not credited for NJT cost savings or reduced traffic 

gridlock which would result.  

   The study also assumed a very inefficient operation, with as much 

deadhead as revenue mileage.  If DVARP's proposal to run the trains into 

Pennsylvania were adopted, the trains would pick up more passengers who 

would pay more money to ride.  Jenkintown alone boarded 39 percent of 

the passengers of the old Crusader.  



Garden State Notes

@New Jersey Transit continues to try to make its train schedules more 

user-friendly.  New-look schedules were published for some of the 

Hoboken Division lines.

@Phila. Extension Brings AC Rider Boost

   Ridership on the NJ Transit Atlantic City Rail line was up over 20 

percent recently, thanks to the extension of service to 30th Street.  

Fare revenue increased even more.

@NJT revised some South Jersey bus schedules November 6.



A Bad Idea is Catching

   Once transit managers in other parts of North America saw SEPTA 

steamroll its customers with the RailWorksr service shutdown, they got 

the idea they could do likewise in their own cities.  The latest to 

consider carrying out all-important construction projects without the 

needless bother of serving customers is the Chicago Transit Authority, 

which would close the entire Lake-Englewood-Jackson Park El for two 

years.



1994 TIP Process Underway

   The DVRPC is about to begin developing the FY95-2000 TIP. As part of 

the preparation process DVRPC is soliciting comments on last year's TIP 

development process and the types of projects selected for inclusion in 

the TIP. Copies of last year's TIP have been distributed to 22 libraries 

for public review. Written comments will be accepted through January 15, 

1994. 

DVRPC Seeks Comments on Process

   For evaluation of the development process of the regionwide 

Transportation Improvement Program, the Delaware Valley Regional 

Planning Commission is requesting your views on the planning process.  

Did you think your voice was effectively heard?  Did the projects DVRPC 

recommended fulfill the goals of furthering economic and community 

growth while reducing negative impacts like air pollution and traffic 

congestion?  Send your suggestions to DVRPC, The Bourse, 21 South 5th 

St., Philadelphia, 19106-2582.



FTA & FHWA Workshops

   The Federal Transit Administration and Federal Highway Administration 

will hold a series of regional outreach meetings/workshops on 

metropolitan planning, statewide planning regulations, management 

systems, and CAA air quality conformity regulations.

   Staff from the Federal agencies will brief meeting attendees about 

the new regulations and answer questions on their implementation.  While 

members of metropolitan planning organizations are the target audience, 

the public is welcome to participate.

   This is an opportunity for you to learn about and perhaps shape the 

planning process. Workshops will be held in New Brunswick and 

Washington: see page 14 for dates.  Information is available from the 

National Transit Institute at 908-932-1706. 



**Harrisburg Service Reprised and Boosted     by John Pawson

   At a fortuitous time, Amtrak decided to bring its New York-Pittsburgh 

train, the Pennsylvanian, out of the 403(b) funding category and into 

its regular system.  Because the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania no longer 

must make up half the train's operating losses, the state allocation of 

$500,000 was switched to support until June 30, 1994 the 600-series 

trains on the Philadelphia-Harrisburg run which Amtrak had wanted to 

discontinue.

   The newly available money will support--temporarily--both of these 

trains and the new trains which will fill service gaps which have 

existed for a decade or more.  As a result, the number of weekly trains 

has risen from 78 to 90 instead of falling to 70.  A few of the trains 

are running through between Harrisburg and New York, although there is a 

20 minute layover at 30th Street Station in Philadelphia.  The changes 

came too late to be included in the recent crop of Amtrak timetables; so 

a special table was published.

   By no means is the long-term future of all the 600-series trains 

secure.  After next June 30, the full-year requirement to support the 

trains will likely be $750,000 or more.  

   The political impact also is important.  The Pennsylvanian enjoys a 

large ridership in total, but its average passenger load falls 

considerably the farther the trains gets from New York City.  The 

state's subsidy for the train is viewed as a needed addition to sparse 

public transportation in central and western Pennsylvania.  Obviously, 

these areas will not long welcome what they are apt to see as money 

intended for themselves being spent to support the commuters between 

Harrisburg and Philadelphia.  Consequently, we can expect political 

jockeying over the state's fixed resources during the next few months.

   Paoli-Parkesburg commuters delayed by Amtrak interference

   For every rider which Amtrak carries somewhere on the Philadelphia-

Harrisburg route, SEPTA's Railroad Division carries about 12.  

Nevertheless, the route's two dispatchers favor the trains of the 

company which pays their salaries, Amtrak.  This situation is seen as 

unjust by many R5 commuters.  Indeed, now that many of SEPTA's 

infrastructure problems are at least partially resolved, what is called 

"Amtrak interference" has become the chief cause of RRD train delays.  

In fact, the systemwide percentage of all delays attributed to Amtrak 

has reached 72%.

   For example, a few Monday mornings ago, an inbound SEPTA Parkesburg 

Limited was not crossed to the express track on leaving Paoli station.  

Instead, this train was kept on the local track; and by following the 

local trains, it is said to have arrived in Center City 15 minutes late.  

The reported reason:  Amtrak kept the express track open for its own 

late-running commuter train.

Duplication is costly to the taxpayers

   Not only are the SEPTA R5 trains subject to delays caused by late-

running Amtrak trains, but their basic operating patterns are in 

numerous ways severely restricted.

   1. There are only two station platforms at Paoli.  Frequently, a 

late-running Amtrak train occupies one of them during peak commuter 

periods.  Fortunately, the problem has eased somewhat since the 

westbound Broadway was rescheduled outside the afternoon commuter peak.

   2. RRD Paoli trains cannot run directly to or from the SEPTA yard at 

Frazer.  Reportedly, Amtrak will not permit construction of a direct 

entrance switch on its main track east of the yard.  The only yard 

entrance is at its west end, and that connection is a poor one.  This 

situation requires RRD trains going to and from the yard to travel 11 

miles further west to a crossover.  The entire Paoli-Frazer movement 

takes 40 minutes despite the fact that the two locations are only four 

miles apart!

   3. Similarly, getting Parkesburg trains to and from the Frazer yard 

requires a run 13 miles west to Leaman Place, where the next crossover 

is found.  We understand Amtrak won't allow the use of an existing out-

of-service interlocking just east of Parkesburg because its policy is 

that all short-turn trains must pass beyond their last station before 

turning.  Consequently, an hour and a half is required to get the 

Parkesburg Limiteds into and out of service.  By contrast, it takes only 

about an hour to move a train between Parkesburg and Harrisburg.  Time 

is money!

An alternative to duplicative service

   In view of the added expense and delays caused by operation of two 

commuter services over the same tracks, one may ask: does Amtrak really 

want to run the 600-series trains?  The answer is no.  In a 1989 letter 

to a state representative, an Amtrak official wrote:

   In general, we agree that with the exception of the Valley Forge 

[NYC-Harrisburg], Broadway [NYC-Chicago], and Pennsylvanian [NYC-

Pittsburgh], this route is essentially a local one.  We. agree that it 

would make sense to transfer it to either SEPTA or the state, and have 

suggested this proposition to the Commonwealth in the past

   It is interesting that in the past, Amtrak has run a true intercity 

train for the Philadelphia-Harrisburg market. The Keystone Executive was 

scheduled for just three stops between Suburban Station and Harrisburg, 

and was one of the fastest trains ever to run on the line.  However, its 

patronage could not justify continued operation, and the round trip was 

discontinued. This incident is another indication of the predominant 

nature of the line as back-to-back commuter markets.  

   In view of all these facts, the $500,000 eight-month subsidy paid to 

Amtrak should be seen as a good stopgap, but not as an appropriate long-

term solution.  

   Unfortunately, SEPTA is still a favored 'whipping boy' in the 

transportation industry.  Its image outside this area is still one of 

grafitti-covered buses and stinking subways.  The present reality of 

SEPTA's Railroad Division is certainly not perfection, but a decade of 

gradual improvement.  Is anyone or any organization perfect?  Note, too, 

that RRD's passengers have acknowledged that the service has been better 

year by year.  PennDOT, the other operating agency suggested by Amtrak, 

has no operating experience, no trains, and no passengers who could 

demonstrate its qualification.

   On this corridor, PennDOT's position over the last five years has 

been unclear.  Early in 1988, it requested proposals for an "Intercity 

Rail Passenger Study."  Apparently that study was cancelled; and another 

one "Philadelphia-Harrisburg Rail Study," was issued in January 1992.  

Although "intercity" does not appear in the title, a reading of it 

suggests a slant that way.  The study very effectively evaluates the 

infrastructure and operation of the line as an intercity service.  

However, it has little to say about the line's obsolescence for 

efficient operation of commuter trains, even though they are the most 

important traffic.  Apparently, PennDOT got in 1992 what it asked for in 

1988: a square peg to fit a round hole.

What's in a word?

   Why do these two words "intercity" and "commuter" seems so deftly to 

influence the passenger rail planning process?  Simply because if the 

"intercity" tag is applied to a service or a line instead of "commuter," 

there is the potential for much additional money to shower down from the 

Federal taxpayers.  If Amtrak can be persuaded to operate a train or own 

a line as part of its regular intercity system, all of the operating 

subsidy will come from Washington as part of Amtrak's annual funding 

process.  If Amtrak will run a train under its 403(b) program, one-half 

the subsidy is forthcoming from Washington.  However, if it's a commuter 

train or a commuter line, the state and local people better be prepared 

to support most of the losses themselves.  

   Of course, in the long run, economic realism prevails over such 

gimmickry.  Numerous examples exist of state and local people gathering 

their courage and passing up the Federal bounty in order to stay in 

control of a situation and to solve their problems in a satisfactory and 

cost-effective manner.  But it does take courage and long-term thinking.

The key to the future lies in the past

   We seem to have forgotten that what Amtrak calls its Keystone Service 

was created locally from scratch in late 1965.  A few Silverliners were 

detailed to run a fast service which ran express between Suburban 

Station and Paoli, but local from there to Harrisburg.  The concept drew 

skepticism from a number of sources, including the Pennsylvania RR.  

Newly-organized SEPTA helped to oversee the operations.  Local control 

and nurturing built the traffic to a peak in 1980.  Before that time, 

however, Amtrak had taken over the operation, and local influence 

naturally declined. Today the traffic remains well below the 1980 level.

   It was a young Amtrak, too, which asked the Interstate Commerce 

Commission to give it control of the Harrisburg line.    Eventually, the 

ICC decided it was a commuter service in nature; and Amtrak went to 

court.  In a still-controversial decision, the court appears to have 

been persuaded by a bankrupt Penn Central that Amtrak would be the best 

suitor to own the line and run its services in order to wipe them off 

PC's list of liabilities, a short-sighted criterion at best.

   Now, Amtrak's initial ardor long has cooled, as the letter shows.  

Amtrak would prefer to follow its legislative charge to operate true 

intercity trains which for it are more renumerative.  Still waiting in 

the wings is SEPTA.  The railroad to Paoli and beyond is such a major 

part of the RRD system that RRD is not financially viable without the 

Paoli Line and its 20,000 daily passengers. Takeover by SEPTA seems only 

proper.

   The Harrisburg trains are saved through the first half of 1994.  It's 

time for PennDOT to consider the immediate and long-term operating 

alternatives.  When they do, we believe that the cost of all the present 

inefficiencies and service duplications, and the $750,000-plus that 

Amtrak will ask for will be greater than what would be needed to engage 

SEPTA to run the trains and stations in attractive fashion.  The state 

may even be able to persuade Lancaster and Dauphin Counties to provide 

their proper local share for the service and its physical support, just 

as Philadelphia, Bucks, Chester, Delaware, and Montgomery Counties have 

been doing for decades.

   Next they should decide what to do about ownership of the line and 

how to deal with its technological obsolescence: matters for future 

articles here.



State Police Don't Work for Free

   According to Highway Builder, Pennsylvania State Police billed 

PennDOT $275 million for "highway patrol services."  More of your tax 

dollars subsidizing automobile and truck transportation.



Golfing with the Pols.

   Two legislative golf tournaments were sponsored this summer by 

Pennsylvania's road contractor trade group, the Associated Pennsylvania 

Constructors (APC).  One was held at the Centre Valley Golf course and 

the other at Hidden Valley Golf course.  

   Highway Builder carried a photo of State Senator J. Doyle Corman--

wine glass in hand--hobnobbing with contractors at the Summer APC Board 

Meeting/Golf Tournament.  Corman is also Minority Chairman of the State 

Transportation Commission.



Six Teams Seek High-Speed Contract

   Several magazines have reported that Amtrak has pre-qualified six 

consortiums to bid on the 26 high speed trains to be ordered in the 3rd 

quarter of 1994. 

   Each of the potential bidders is a partnership between European and 

US firms; the new trains are expected to be built in the USA, using 

European and American technology.

   Lead companies, their countries, and the trains they might offer 

include: ABB Traction (Sweden-X2000), AEG Transportation (Germany-ICE), 

Bombardier (Canada-TMST)/GEC Alsthom (France-TGV), Breda (Italy), 

Morrison-Knudsen (USA)/Fiat Ferroviara (Italy-ETR500), and Talgo 

(Spain).  US locomotive makers General Electric and General Motors 

Electro-Motive Division are partners in several of the consortia.

   Italy has developed a tilting train, Pendolino, which fits all the 

equipment in the truck and body bolster. An Amfleet car is now testing 

Pendolino equipment. This concept offers the potential to save millions 

of dollars by reusing most of the components of the existing cars. Could 

all the Amfleet and Horizon cars be modified this way for the cost of 26 

completely new trains? If so, much of the country could benefit, not 

just one route.



Bigfoot on the Highways

   UTU News reports that a group of shippers is pushing for nationwide 

approval of 57-foot (or longer) highway trailers--over opposition from 

railroads, the driving public, and truckers themselves.  The fight for 

monster trucks is shifting to the state level. The 57 foot trailers also 

are incompatible with present rail intermodal equipment.

   Individuals concerned about rail competitiveness and highway safety 

should let their state lawmakers know they oppose higher truck weights 

or longer lengths.



Federal Research Lab Working for BART

   The Sandia Technology Bulletin reports that Sandia National Labs--

better known as a nuclear weapons research facility--is doing research 

for Bay Area Rapid Transit on quieting its older railcars.  The article 

did not mention who is funding the research.  Perhaps Sandia can figure 

out a way to keep the N5 cars from slipping or how to operate single car 

consists on the Pennsy side.



US DOT Comes to Philadelphia      by Chuck Bode

   Top officials of the Department of Transportation are making a ten 

stop tour of the country to hear directly from local officials.  

Attending a hearing in Philadephia November 18 were Deputy Secretary 

Mortimer Downey, FTA Administrator Gordon Linton, FHWA Administrator 

Rodney Slater, Sally Cooper of FRA; and John Horsley, Deputy Assistant 

Secretary for Governmental Affairs.  The day was divided into three 

parts, each with a panel of officials who testified and a period for 

questions from the audience.

   The three panels covered transportation issues, planning under the 

ISTEA legislation, and funding projects under ISTEA.  Much of the panel 

testimony was favorable to public transportation. Of course, each person 

presented the best side of his or her organization--sometimes much 

different from the side seen by public transit advocates. 

   Defenders of the status quo said that the air is not as bad as 

regulations claim, that more funds and more time is needed for pollution 

to be abated, and that increasing use of public transportation will not 

reduce air pollution. (It was claimed that as much as 90% of pollution 

is generated when a car is started, so driving a short distance to a 

transit station is nearly as harmful as driving the entire trip.)  Rural 

interests were adamantly against public transportation; they demanded 

more superhighways.

   John Coscia of DVRPC stated that there are not enough funds for both 

mobility and clean air--mobility will have to be restricted. Anne Canby 

of DelDOT explained the bureaucratic difficulties with small 

transportation improvement projects and the issue of state legislators 

being cut out of the process. Andrew Warren made an interesting point: 

the biggest travel days are Saturday and Sunday--a four day workweek may 

actually increase vehicle miles traveled. 

   PennDOT's Howard Yerusalim claimed that Pennsylvania could meet the 

initial Clean Air Act standards without any transportation control 

measures. Thus, he explains, Federal transit funding is not being used 

now, but being saved for application in later years on further pollution 

reductions.  He again stated that transit was needed only for poor 

people.  Significantly, he is concerned that new highways will end at 

state borders--rail and bus passengers already experience that; maybe he 

should ride a train or bus some time.

   Frank Mascara of Washington County, PA, said it was difficult for him 

to believe Federal agencies lacked the will to expand the highway 

system. He saw a strong relationship between highways and economic 

development., and led a delegation to Washington to lobby for more 

highway dollars.  He concluded that the marriage to the auto is strong 

and healthy.

   Gerry Williams described Conrail's problems dealing with 90 different 

planning bodies.  Conrail tries to avoid public funding for the logical 

reason that they do not want the strings attached. Conrail is terrified 

of ISTEA because it creates more transportation options and those 

options involve crossings with, or use of, Conrail track. Expanding 

passenger rail service is also a complication because Conrail has 

downsized so much. This problem seems solvable with enough outside 

funding and over one billion dollars of liability insurance.

   There were about 75 in the audience, coming from as far away as the 

Carolinas. Most of the audience was from the industry: transit operator, 

planning agency, government official or supplier/contractor.  The 

contractors' representatives could be heard complaining about the pro-

transit tone of the testimony--they were there to monitor the meeting 

for highway contractors, not to seek out new markets for their clients.

   Throughout the day this writer noticed one omission. While there was 

much talk of public participation resulting from ISTEA and CAA, it was 

ironic that at this meeting there weren't many members of the public. 

More impressive would be US DOT attending the hearing for a large fare 

increase--when the real public appears.

   Forum on Land Use Upcoming

   The Center for Greater Philadelphia's "Region at the Crossroads" 

forum series will conclude with a session on land use and growth 

management Jan. 14 in Morrisville and a wrap-up session called "Building 

the Regional Network" Feb. 16 in Center City.  For information about the 

series, contact the center at 215-898-8713. 



Phoebe Snow to Ride Again?

   Empire State Passenger Association is proposing restoration of 

passenger train service to Binghamton or Elmira, using either former 

Erie (via Port Jervis) or former DL&W (via Scranton) right-of-way.  New 

Jersey is interested in extending service to the western reaches of the 

state near Delaware Water Gap, whose New York-bound commuter population 

is straining Garden State highways.  Congressman Joseph McDade (R-

Scranton) wants Amtrak service to his district.  Could the three 

conicidental interests turn into results?  McDade has obtained a 

$200,000 Federal study of the Scranton service, and that service may be 

supported by Pennsylvania.

   Meanwhile, New York DOT's analysis of the Southern Tier service is 

not optimistic; the train might lose $1.8 million per year.  But if the 

Lackawanna route, which serves Pennsylvania and New Jersey riders, is 

chosen, the losses may be smaller and sources of support broader.  The 

biggest obstacle to this service is the fact that a track segment in New 

Jersey called the Lackawanna Cutoff was abandoned by Conrail in 1984.  

NJ-ARP and local rail supporters have gotten the state to start the 

process of buying back the line, so while trains to Scranton may still 

be far in the future, Phoebe Snow (longtime mascot of the DL&W) has a 

smile on her face.--MDM



More Balance in Ohio Plan

   Ohio ARP reports that Ohio DOT's new statewide transportation plan is 

bringing needed balance to the planning process.  The "Access Ohio" plan 

proposes expanded service between Pittsburgh, Youngstown, and Cleveland 

as well as a rail alternative in the important 3-C Corridor (Cleveland-

Columbus-Cincinnati).  It also proposes over $5 billion in highway 

projects, a figure OARP and others hope to whittle down by challenging 

in court those projects which would increase pollution or otherwise have 

harmful effects on the citizens of Ohio.  OARP is generally pleased, 

though, as the plan is a breakthrough in recognizing that transportation 

is more than just cars and trucks.

   One feature of the planning process which may have led to the more 

balanced result is the open-door approach Ohio DOT took in drafting the 

plan.  Over 3,500 citizens testified in public hearings, providing a 

needed counterweight to the lobbyists who won't rest until every square 

foot of the state is paved over.  The lesson is there for Pennsylvania, 

New Jersey, and Delaware:  try getting state officials to open up to the 

public.



DVARP Holds the Line on Dues

   After extended discussion, the members attending the November General 

Meeting unanimously voted to not raise membership dues in 1994.  It was 

instead agreed to try to increase membership and to urge members able to 

afford higher dues to renew at the higher rates or contribute to DVARP 

projects such as "Eye on the Infrastructure."

   Your early renewal will help the volunteers who process memberships 

and reduce the cost of collecting dues. Please put your membership 

number (top right corner of the mailing label) on your check so the 

volunteers will not have to look it up. 

   Your efforts to recruit new DVARP members will strengthen DVARP 

financially and in influence.  One easy activity is to talk about DVARP 

at group events (community meetings, church, etc.) We will try to get a 

supply of newsletters to members who would like to distribute them at 

such meetings or at locations where passengers could pick them up: just 

call us. --CB



Thanks to Abington Volunteers!

   Matt Mitchell and Bill Polk staffed a DVARP table at the Abington 

Train Show last month, handing out new SEPTA schedules and maps, DVARP 

brochures, and information about how good rail service adds to the 

quality of life.  

   Thanks also to Marge Sullivan, Rich DiLullo, and Harry Garforth of 

SEPTA for providing the schedules and maps.



Delmarva Announces 1994 Meetings

   Our colleagues in Delaware will continue their regular meeting 

schedule into 1994.  The meeting date is the first Thursday of each 

month.  Most meetings will be held at the Wilmington Amtrak Stationat 

6:30 pm, while every third meeting (including February) will be held in 

the State Senate Chambers in Dover at 7:00.  For more information, 

contact DRPA President Ken Berg at 410-648-4405.

   

Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban 

Station or Market East Station.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Dec. 11, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 

1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

SEPTA Public Hearing on annual update of ADA Paratransit plan:  Mon., 

Dec. 13th, 10:00 am at 714 Market St, 1st floor. 

FTA/FHWA Workshop on Transportation and Planning Regulations:  Dec. 14-

16 at Hyatt Regency Hotel, New Brunswick, NJ.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Dec. 15, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 

3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St. Terminal, 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown 

Transportation Center.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition 101st birthday party for Philadelphia's 

streetcars: Wed, Dec. 15, 6:30 pm at Spaghetti Warehouse, 1026 Spring 

Garden St. Cost $15.00. Reservations required: call Joel Spivak 215-755-

7717.

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Dec. 18, 10:00 to 11:30 at 104 

Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Dec. 18, 1:00 to 4:00 at 10 South Ave., 

Jenkintown-Wyncote.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Dec. 21, 5:45 pm at SEPTA 

Board Room, 714 Market St.

Deadline for January newsletter material:  Wed., Dec. 29, to Matthew 

Mitchell or in DVARP mailbox.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Jan. 6., 6:30 pm, in 

Stationmaster's Office, Amtrak Wilmington Station.  Call Doug Andrews, 

302-995-6419, for more information.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Jan. 8, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 

1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting: Jan. 9-13, Washington, DC.  

for information contact Angela Arrington, 202-334-2934.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed. Jan. 12, luncheon meeting at 

Philadelphia Electric Co., 2300 Market St., Philadelphia.  Topic: 

"Static Frequency Converters for Richmond."

FTA/FHWA Workshop on Transportation & Planning Regulations:  Jan. 13-14 

at Sheraton Hotel, Washington

Center for Greater Philadelphia "Region at the Crossroads" Forum on Land 

Use and Growth Management:  Thurs. Jan. 13, 8:00 to 10:00 am at 

Pennsbury Manor, 400 Pennsbury Memorial Rd., Morrisville, PA.  

Information:  Ted Hershberg, 215-898-8713.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Jan. 15, 1:15 to 4:15 at Mary Campbell 

Library, Post Road, Marcus Hook.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition: Sun Jan. 23, 2:00 pm at the Blue Bell, 

Woodland and Island Avenue. Bring your own brown bag lunch, beverage and 

dessert provided. Meeting includes tour of Elmwood depot.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to 

confirm time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.



DVARP Membership/Renewal Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  

     Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1994!     12/93

Name     Membership Number

Address     

City, State, Zip     

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

     DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00    (  ) Family:  $20.00     (  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00 (  ) Patron: $75.00     (  ) Benefactor: $100.00

     New members joining DVARP between October 1 and December 31 will be 

enrolled for 1994.



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

MARC Considers Gallery Cars

   A bi-level commuter car was placed on late-summer public display at 

Washington Union Station so that MARC could get its customers' opinions 

about it.  The car is the latest iteration of the 'gallery car' design 

used in Chicago and San Francisco.  The car entrance is in the center; 

the entrance level has 2+2 seating while there are single seats and 

aisles on both sides of the upper level.  The lower-level aisle extends 

up into the upper level to allow conductors to see and collect tickets 

from upper-level passengers--hence the 'gallery' name.  These cars offer 

over 140 seats, compared to the 110-120 seats (in crowded 3+2 layout) in 

single-level commuter cars.



MARC to Boost Camden Line

   Commuters using the former B&O line between Baltimore and Washington 

will benefitt from increased service when schedules change next month. 



Kudos to MNCR

   Metro-North won an APTA Achievement Award for increasing its 

ridership in the face of the recession which hit New York especially 

hard.  Improvements in customer service, effective marketing, and 

maintaining good train performance contributed to the positive results.



Ski Train for Maine?

   Sunday River Ski Resort in Bethel, Maine plans to start ski train 

service from Portland as soon as December 26.  St. Lawrence and Atlantic 

is to run the train, using equipment from the defunct Hoosierland Dinner 

Train..  When Amtrak service to Portland is introduced next year, a 

direct connection is proposed.



About This Month's DVRP

   Because the flood of holiday mail causes delays to third-class mail, 

this month's newsletter is being mailed first-class.  The one-time 

change limits this issue to only 16 pages; several stories have been 

held over to January '94.  The mails may not be back up to speed in 

January; we hope your next DVRP arrives on time, and apologize in 

advance if it doesn't--MDM



DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory

  DVARP main number (voice mail line)      215-222-3373 

1  Chuck Bode, President      215-222-3373 

5  Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation      215-552-4198 

6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration      215-222-3373 

6  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations      215-386-2644

3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor       215-885-7448

4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator      215-222-3373 

8  Treasurer      215-222-3373

2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.      215-659-7736 

     (6 to 9 pm please)

3  Transit Committee      215-222-3373 

7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committee      609-869-0020

1  Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator     215-232-6303

Media Hotline (digital beeper)     215-552-4198

Computer e-mail (internet)     73243.1224@compuserve.com 





Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, December 18, 1:00 to 4:00           

     10 South Av., Jenkintown-Wyncote

cross to inbound platform, walk north (past Stazi Milano) through 

parking lot, and over foot bridge in park, turn left at first street to 

#10 on right.



Saturday, January 15, 1994,  1:15 to 4:15      

    Mary Campbell Library, Marcus Hook

Saturday, February 19, 1994, 1:00 to 4:00       

    Temple University Center City



Agenda for the January meeting:

1:00 Introductions, agenda, minutes

1:05 Issues requiring immediate action

2:00 Other issues

     Commuter Rail Committee:

        Harrisburg Line

     South Jersey Committee:

        West Trenton service



Administration:

        Incorporation

        Goals for 1994

General:  

DVRPC Transport. Improvement Plan

        DVARP brochure

        Outreach and membership building



Committee Meetings:

South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Dec. 18, 10:00 at 104 Edison Ave., 

   Collingswood, NJ

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Jan. 8, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 

   Chestnut St.

-end-

