The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger





February 1995



Vol. XIII, No. 2



ISSN 1073-6859



Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the

interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present

and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern

Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:



P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA  19101 215-222-3373 <dvarp@libertynet.org>



Schedule change alert:  New SEPTA R8 and R5 Doylestown schedules are in

effect.  Some Amtrak long-distance trains were reduced in frequency (see

page 10)  SEPTA City Transit schedules change February 5.



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...



1     SEPTA Board delays vote on Newtown shuttle after DVARP questions

      its effectiveness.

      DVARP restructuring brings new officers and a new way of doing

      business.



3     DVARP gets a partial win on SEPTA fare proposal, even though it

      wasn't in on the deal.

      Clinton Admin., House Republicans considering folding Amtrak $$$

      into block grants.



5     On the Railroad Lines:  Houstoun, Wooten join Ridge admin.;

      Overbrook Shop opens



6     Transit News Update:  CTD contract battle underway;

      Center City trolley to start April.



7     Commuter rail expansion stories around the country;

      Whitman: no NJT fare hike.



8     DVARP's own place on the internet: check it out!



10    Amtrak News:  New Maine and Carolina trains will not be cut;

      NY-Albany speed-up.



11    Up and Down the Corridor:  Amtrak notices MARC's success,

      hires their boss.



13    DVARP praised in Bucks news article



14-15 Volunteer Opportunities,

      Dates of Interest,

      DVARP Directory,

      Membership renewal



DVARP President: Donald Nigro Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell



for other officers and committee chairs, see page 15



entire contents copyright (c) 1995 DVARP, except photos (c) 1995 credited

photographers



Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373





Board Applies Brakes to Newtown Bungle



by Don Nigro



The SEPTA Board announced at its January 26 meeting that it would give

"further consideration" to the Newtown service restoration project before it

is added to the Capital Budget for Fiscal 1995.  The project, as conceived

by some within the SEPTA staff, would involve a shuttle service on the outer

9 miles of the 15 mile Fox Chase-Newtown rail line, connecting through onto

the Conrail Morrisville Line for two miles to a point at SEPTA's Warminster

Line where passengers would transfer at a proposed $8.6 million bi-level

station to R2 trains.  The $32 million capital investment with its proposed

eighteen round trips per weekday would have relatively minimal ridership and

would require 77 minutes travel time between Newtown and Center City.



At the SEPTA Board meeting, DVARP President Donald Nigro applauded the

decision to closely examine staff's ineffective and costly Newtown service

restoration plans.  Indeed, the system worked as it should.  As Nigro stated

at the meeting, "the grave concerns expressed by DVARP, Newtown Township and

other bodies were heard by this Board."



Three days before the Board meeting, DVARP hand-delivered the following

letter to Thomas Hayward, Chairman of SEPTA's Board.



January 22, 1995



Dear Mr. Hayward:



DVARP is appalled at the secrecy, reckless haste, and disregard for the

interests of passengers and taxpayers alike in SEPTA staff's handling in the

past two months of the Newtown service restoration matter.



Staff summarily chose to back what demonstrably is the worst and weakest of

all service plans offered to date.  Most recently, it all but rejected a

private operator's plan which would have cost SEPTA and the public

relatively little.  Now we have been "set up" for a $32 million construction

project, a plan that is about 60% more costly than any plan offered

previously.





continued on page 12



DVARP Reorganizes          by Matthew Mitchell New Board is Installed at

January Meeting



The nine-member Board of Directors elected by DVARP members in December took

office at the DVARP meeting last month.  The Board then immediately tackled

a full slate of important issues, fulfilling the role envisioned by the

proponents of the reorganization.



Prior to the meeting, Chuck Bode announced his intention to resign the

presidency, so the new Board's first order of business was the unanimous

election of Don Nigro as the new president.  Bode had served in the office

for nearly three and one-half years, and saw the



continued on page 13







From the Editor's Seat: The Fare Deal



While the outcome of the public decision-making process of how SEPTA's fares

should be increased was about as good as could be expected (DVARP asked for

the transfer charge to be rolled back to a quarter), we have some problems

with how SEPTA's Board and staff got there.



Three examples illustrate what we talked about in a DVARP letter to Tom

Hayward and Lou Gambaccini:  in the days leading up to the Board meeting in

which the fare package was voted on, Board Members Jettie Newkirk and Dick

Voith (both Philadelphia appointees) negotiated the terms of it with a few

special interest groups.  After the increase was approved, the city and

SEPTA worked out a token deal with the public and parochial schools.  And a

few weeks before the public hearings, DVARP President Chuck Bode met with

John McGee, the Revenue Development officer responsible for structuring the

fare proposal, to exchange views.



While these all are good examples of communication between SEPTA and

interested outsiders, and Newkirk and Voith deserve commendation for their

efforts to make sure the Board really does act in the public interest, the

fare deal crossed the line between letting the people have a say in public

policy and a bad backroom deal, because only a select few groups got this

special treatment.  Everyone else had to go through the public hearing

process.



A lot more people got constructively involved in the process than were were

represented in that back room.  The Citizen Advisory Committee (Voith served

on it), exists precisely to represent all of SEPTA's riders.  Why weren't

they the key players in this deal?



It set a bad precedent.  Do we really want democracy to be a contest of who

can yell loudest in front of the TV cameras?



Glad to be Back



I appreciate the kind words spoken by the DVARP Board members who last month

invited me back to edit this newsletter.  I hope to live up to their

expectations and yours.  For a dozen years, the DVRP has been a cornerstone

of this organization, and has done as much as anything to build our

reputation for delivering rational and unbiased views on transportation

issues.



Chuck Bode, Don Nigro, and Bob Machler deserve high praise for all the work

they did to get The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger to you the past four

months, while DVARP's future was being resolved.  They took on the big

responsibility with no complaints, and they did a great job despite the

distractions.



And I'm glad to be back in another way too: back home full-time in the

Delaware Valley for good after a year commuting weekly to the Washington

area--MDM





Board Approves Fare Hike with Last-Minute Change



SEPTA fares increased an average of seven percent last month, after a late

revision to management's proposed transit tariffs. A ten-cent increase in

the cash base fare replaced the ten-cent increase in the transfer charge

after negotiations between SEPTA and several fare increase opponents on the

eve of the Board meeting in which the fares were to be considered.



But the dealing wasn't over.  In the days before the fare increase went into

effect, the Rendell Administration helped several top SEPTA staffers

negotiate a deal with the School District and with the Archdiocese of

Philadelphia so they could acquire the tokens they needed for the rest of

the school year at the old price.  SEPTA held firm on its insistence that

added subsidies for school to kens were the responsibility of the schools,

but gave the schools a short extension on paying for the tokens they ordered

before the fare increase went into effect.  An anonymous benefactor helped

the Catholic schools obtain a loan for their tokens.



This fare increase came with much less controversy than the increases of

five and six years ago.  Attendance was less than expected at most of the

public hearings.  Opposition to the fares came mostly from well-orchestrated

groups rather than a ground swell of public concern.  The long period since

the previous increase, the modest size of the increase, and the trend of

improving rather than declining service turned opposition to SEPTA's

proposal into grudging acceptance.  In the best of all possible worlds,

Federal and state governments would raise their subsidies of SEPTA's

operating budget, but most observers agreed with DVARP that such an ending

was very unlikely, and a fare increase was the lesser of two evils when

compared to service cuts.--MDM







Clinton, House Seek Big Policy Changes: Could This be the End of Amtrak?



by Matthew Mitchell



Recent actions in Washington presage a major change in how the Federal

government supports intercity rail service.  Both Republicans in the House

of Representatives and the Clinton Administration propose to zero-out direct

support for Amtrak in the Federal budget.



House bill H.R. 259, introduced by Joel Hefley (R-CO) and having ten

Republican co-sponsors as of this writing, paves the way for elimination of

Amtrak, though it is couched in the language of 'making Amtrak more

competitive.'  Besides pha-sing out all Federal support of the railroad over

five years, the bill includes provi-sions removing obstacles to service

elimi-nations, most notably Federal labor pro-tection laws which obligate

railroads to guarantee up to six years' wages to employees losing their jobs

as a result of service abandonments.



While Rep. Robert Walker (R-PA) holds a high post in the House Republican

leadership, the serious cuts to the Keystone trains many of his

constituents ride has caused him to break ranks with his colleagues and

oppose Amtrak's elimination.  It is yet to be seen whether this conversion

goes so far as support of continued Federal operating funding.  Senate

Republicans also have been cool to the idea of killing Amtrak, so changes

to the House bill could be seen before final passage.



The full text of the bill is available from DVARP by sending us a $1.00 for

copying and postage, or on-line at:



http://libertynet.org/~dvarp/docs/hr259.txt



Meanwhile, the Clinton Administra-tion's plan for restructuring the

Depart-ment of Transportation calls for replacing direct funding of Amtrak

and other trans-portation programs with block grants to the states.  State

and local officials would then determine whether to purchase service from

Amtrak with the money or apply it to highways, public transit, or other

ends.



The de-Federalization plan for DOT has not received much media attention,

unlike the analogous proposal to combine all public welfare plans into a

single block grant to the states.  The problems and opportunities of the

proposal haven't been discussed. But the consequences would be at least as

great as the welfare changes.  Every citizen has a stake in the

effectiveness of the transportation system; in safety, opportunity to live

and work where they wish, its effect on the form of our cities and towns,

air pollution, dependence on foreign energy (and the wars fought to protect

it), and many more areas.



Combination of mode-specific grants into "flexible" funding has been a

success.  In theory, local officials have a better grasp of local

transportation needs, and should be able to allocate resources to meet those

needs.  The Clinton plan takes that to the limit, making all DOT funds

flexible.  But it fails to solve the biggest problem of public policy in

transportation, the hidden subsidies of roads, aviation, waterways, and

other competing modes. Neither Clinton nor the sponsors of H.R. 259 address

these subsidies, which have a much larger impact on the Federal deficit.



Shuster: Cut Amtrak, Don't Kill It



As he took the chairmanship of the House Transportation and Infrastructure

Committee, Rep. Bud Shuster (R-PA) had harsh words to say about Amtrak:

"Amtrak is on a life support system.  It's a disaster."  He wants for Amtrak

to further cut costs and reduce its need for Federal funding, but opposed

closing the railroad altogether, in part because his state ben-efits greatly

from it.  Shuster also called for a shift in Amtrak's support from the

Federal government to the states, and supported a national route system

rather than retrenchment to a few busy corridors.



Amtrak spokesman Clifford Black responded cautiously, promising Amtrak would

work with Shuster.  But he made clear that privatization of Amtrak was no

solution, as no business could make a profit running Amtrak if it were the

only unsubsidized transportation mode.--MDM



Supporters of the House bill would like to see the private sector take over

Amtrak.  But unlike the Post Office to which it is philosophically compared,

Amtrak already behaves like a private-sector company.  It can set services

and fares without government interference, and is not subject to ridiculous

levels of regulation.



Privatization isn't likely to bring much improvement to the

already-"commercialized" railroad, which is one of the reasons why

prospective private operators are not stepping forward to buy Amtrak.

Another reason is the vast subsidies to competing modes, and Congress's

inability to recognize them and level the playing field.



A Senate hearing on Amtrak held late last month gave some hope that

elimination of Amtrak isn't a done deal.  All the Senators who spoke

supported the continued existence of a nationwide passenger rail network;

not one supported the gutting of Amtrak.  Several felt that the cuts

announced already go too far.



Regional splits



The blows to Amtrak of the past two months have created fissures among

supporters of passenger rail service.  Some backers of the House bill

believe that the Northeast Corridor could be a profitable private

enterprise if the money-losing long-distance portion of the Amtrak route

system were abandoned.  But others reply that it is the Corridor that is

absorbing all the Federal subsidies, and the long-distance routes should be

given a chance to make it on their own.  The shift in internal accounting

policies evident in Tom Downs's selection of services to be cut this month

and in April makes it even harder to determine which, if either, side is

right.  Which part of Amtrak is more profitable depends a lot on how you

allocate costs and revenues.  NARP, DVARP, and most of their peers hold the

view that neither segment can survive alone, either economically or

politically.



With services to Harrisburg and Atlantic City already up for elimination

April 1 regardless of the status of the Clinton plan or H.R. 259, changes in

the landscape are assured.  State takeovers of the services are a strong

possibility.  They have been hinted at in New Jersey, while California has

already stepped in with funding to retain the Capitols service.

Pennsylvania did come up with money to forestall big cuts in Keystone

service a year ago, but will they do so again?



With no clear leadership on the issue apparent among the majority

Republicans, DVARP members and other citizens could make a big difference

in the future of intercity rail service with their letters and/or phone

calls.  Well-chosen words from constituents on the worth of passenger rail

in a balanced transportation system will be important.







On the Railroad Lines...



Ex-Officials Surface



Two of the top SEPTA staffers who resigned late last year have come back on

the local scene, as Ridge administration appointees. Feather Houstoun,

formerly SEPTA Treasurer, will head the Department of Public Welfare.  Rick

Wooten, the public relations chief who left SEPTA over "philosophical

differences" with G.M. Lou Gambaccini, has come back to 714 Market Street;

but this time as one of the SEPTA Board members Gambaccini must answer to.

Wooten is Ridge's appointee to the Board.



Shop Switch



SEPTA has now opened the Overbrook Rail Maintenance Facility.  This shop

will replace Paoli Shop, and allow toxic contamination to be cleaned up at

Paoli.



University City Delayed



Work is almost complete on the University City/Civic Center station on

SEPTA's R1/R2/R3 line, but an opening date has not been confirmed yet.  The

station is behind the University Museum, and can be accessed from South

Street or Convention Ave.  It's convenient for trips to the University of

Pennsylvania, the medical centers in University City, Franklin Field, and

the museum.



The biggest winners when this station opens will be people who commute from

the Wilmington or Media-Elwyn lines to the University area.  They'll save

time by not having to double back on foot or by trolley from 30th Street.



DayPass Power



DVARP has long sought an intermodal fare to save money and add convenience

for SEPTA customers who take trips using both commuter rail and city

transit, but can't use a TrailPass because they don't ride every day.  We

finally got that in the new tariffs which took effect last month.



The $5.00 DayPass is now good for a single ride anywhere on the SEPTA

Regional Rail system, as well as for one day's unlimited travel on subway,

trolley, or bus routes in Philadelphia.  The RRD privilege had previously

been limited to the Airport Line.  By using a DayPass one way and a regular

SEPTA ticket the other, you can save money on trips to points outside Center

City.



For example, a basketball fan from Villanova going to the Spectrum would

need two zone 3 train tickets plus two subway tokens, which cost a total of

$8.80.  Now he can buy a DayPass plus an off-peak zone 3 ticket for a total

of $8.25.  Not only does our fan save 55 cents, he can stop off for a

cheesesteak on the way down at no extra charge.  The savings grow for trips

to or from farther zones.  City residents could find the DayPass

advantageous for excursions to the suburbs, too.



The DayPass is sold at SEPTA downtown ticket offices, and since you don't

have to specify the date you plan to use it, it's easy to pick up a couple

of extra passes and keep them at home ready for a spur-of-the-moment trip.

The pass is a transparent sticker contained in a blue folder.  When you

first use it on a bus or subway, the operator or cashier will peel off the

sticker and stick it onto a paper transfer with the proper date.  You keep

that transfer, and use it the rest of the day.  When you use DayPass on the

railroad, the conductor will make a punch mark through the SEPTA logo on the

sticker, whether it's in the original folder or on a transfer.



It's easy, it's convenient, and it saves money.  Buy a DayPass for yourself

or a friend.--MDM



R5--Big Rail Project Starts



Mid-day service between Gwynedd Valley and Doylestown is on a revised

schedule to accommodate the first phase of a rail replacement project which

will extend until August.  Service from Gwynedd Valley to Lansdale has been

cut back to hourly, and the trains are being delayed both ways because of

the single track in service.  Shuttle buses replace trains from Lansdale to

Doylestown.  Schedules between Gwynedd Valley and Center City are

unaffected.  R5 Lansdale riders should watch out for announcements of

further schedule changes.



Unconfirmed rumors have it that the welded rail for this project was

delivered to the wrong track.  The mistake wasn't trivial; imagine trying to

shift a quarter-mile-long rail from one track to the other.



Paoli Signal Woes



Amtrak signal problems caused delays to Paoli Line trains several days last

month.  No further explanation of the problem was given.



R7--Use Caution at Stations



Riding to Bridesburg, Wissinoming, or Tacony?  Be sure to board one of the

first two cars of the train as part of the station platforms are closed.  Be

careful boarding or alighting there, and at all SEPTA stations.



Rules Updated



A new edition of the NORAC book of operating rules went into effect January

1.  The rules apply to operations on most of the railroads in the Northeast,

including Conrail, Amtrak, SEPTA, and NJ Transit.



Next Step for Cross-County?



(RW)  Senator Arlen Spector announced the funding of a "Major Investment

Study" for the Cross-County Metro project.







Downtown Trolley Delayed



SEPTA's Light Rail Division pushed back the opening date of the Center City

Trolley Loop from this month to April, citing the need to finish work on a

switch.  The line will run north and south on 11th and 12th Streets,

connecting Market East Station and the Convention Center with South Street.







CTD--City Schedule Changes



The annual winter schedule change on SEPTA's City Transit Division is

February 5.  A few routes will not be affected, so September 1994 schedules

will remain valid for routes 4, 7, 24, 35, 38, 53, 73, and the 61 express.







CTD--Beware the Ides of March



The opening salvo in contract negotiations was fired by TWU Local 234, and

it's not a good omen.  A flyer circulated by the union criticized the SEPTA

negotiating team and sought to make their salaries the issue rather than

their members' salaries.

 The heated language is unfortunate but considered by some to be part of the

game, whipping up rank and file support for a possible transit strike.



Track Improvements



New welded rail was placed for installation on the express tracks between

City Hall and Erie.



El Update



Frankford El reconstruction has resumed after the annual December hiatus.

Shuttle buses are replacing trains on weeknights from 8:00 pm to 5:00 am,

and all day weekends.  The Frankford Terminal express bus is also back.

Redecking work is presently taking place around Huntingdon station, and

other projects are going on at various locations.



STD--Privatization, Finally



Years after the first call for proposals, SEPTA's first privatized route

will hit the road this month.  The route 202 (once called 131) bus begins

service February 27 from West Chester to Wilmington.  Krapf's Coaches, a

private bus company, will provide drivers and maintenance; SEPTA will

provide the buses.





Fare Increases Elsewhere, Too



Amtrak has increased Metroliner fares by five percent for selected city

pairs, but travelers to or from Philadelphia are not affected. A few other

fare increases also went into effect at the beginning of this month, all

outside the Corridor.  Some Michigan trains now have all-reserved status.

Check with an Amtrak agent or call 1-800-USA-RAIL for further information.



While SEPTA increased its fares last month, a few other major transit

operators did so too.  Los Angeles MTA goes to $1.35 a trip, but it delayed

the introduction of zone fares on the Blue Line light rail to Long Beach.

BART will increase fares some 15 percent, to pay for service extensions and

the renovation of its car fleet.  On this coast, Washington Metro's rail and

bus fares will go up in June.  The base fare will go from $1.00 to $1.10,

while bus transfers will now cost 10 cents.  The fare increase will be

targetted to D.C., as the District government failed to make a $17 million

payment to WMATA.  In New York, MTA officials are threatening a 25 cent

subway fare increase (to $1.50) in response to proposed cuts in local and

state funding.



Commuter Rail Growing... Elsewhere



The provincial government of Quebec is expected to OK a plan for big

expansion of commuter train service to Montreal.  Both Canadian National and

Canadian Pacific are involved, and some Conrail trackage will be included

for a total of five lines added to the present two.  Commuter rail is a more

cost-effective alternative than extending Montreal's Metro.  A surcharge on

auto registrations is to pay for the trains.



Commuter rail service in Vancouver is projected to start this fall, too.

The key to getting both services underway quickly and at reasonable cost is

to use existing freight tracks and simple diesel operations.  Some of the

Montreal lines could go into service in just six months!



In Oregon, a Portland-Eugene demonstration service has been put out to bid.

 A set of European self-propelled railcars is to be brought over for three

months, with an option to ext end the test to a full year.  Passenger trains

in Oregon continue to be a success story; ridership on Amtrak's Mount Ranier

has exceeded expectations since it was extended to Eugene.



Seattle has welcomed a set of Toronto commuter equipment for a demonstration

service this winter-spring.  Citizens will get to try out commuter rail

alternatives on Seattle-Tacoma and Seattle-Everett routes before a

comprehensive transit plan is put to a referendum.  The plan includes light

rail as well as the commuter lines, and would cost 6.5 billion dollars.



The funding for this project is unique; damages paid by oil companies to the

state as the result of a consumer-protection action.  The funding is

sufficient to make the experimental service free of charge, which should

help entice drivers to try the alternative.  The trains will also solve a

minor off-peak transportation headache, too: delivering basketball fans to

the Tacoma Dome, where the Supersonics are playing during the renovation of

their usual arena.



Metro-North has purchased the former New Haven Maybrook Line from Beacon,

N.Y. to the Connecticut state line, and acquired trackage rights to operate

to Danbury CT.  The track is to be used for equipment moves between MNRR's

three lines and the occasional special excursion (which not incidentally

also makes clear to neighboring communities that the railroad is active),

but regular passenger service on the interstate route is not out of the

question.





New Jersey News:



No Fare Increase in '95



In her budget address last month, Governor Whitman promised to hold the line

another year on NJ Transit bus and train fares.



Trenton Garage Opens



Going to New York or North Jersey?  The new parking garage has been

completed at Trenton Station, so it will be easier now for you to leave

your car behind and ride an NJT train.



Controversy Over PATH Appointment



New Jersey officials are unhappy about the appointment of George Marlin as

Executive Director of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.  The

former Conservative Party candidate for mayor of New York has little

experience in transportation, but the unwritten rule says New York's

governor appoints the Executive Director, while New Jersey appoints the

Board Chairman.  Observers, including former PA leaders, fear the Marlin

appointment will usher in a new era of patronage at the Port Authority.

(sound familiar?)  The prospects for forced privatization of the PA's

assets, including the three New York-area airports are greatly increased.

Support of PATH trains may also crumble as parochial politics replaces

regionalism.



Credits:  News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard

Bender, John Hay, Don Nigro, Mark Sanders.



Additional news from BITNET, USENET, Mobilizing the Region, Philadelphia

Inqirer.



The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger is a member of RailWire and Railnews

Online.  Your news tips are always welcome!  Phone 215-222-3373, message box

3  or mail them to DVARP







DVARP Announces New On-Line Service



Continuing our leadership in networking of passenger train advocates, DVARP

has established a World Wide Web (WWW) page on Libertynet, Philadelphia's

community networking project.  Visit it on the web at the URL address:



http://libertynet.org/~dvarp/dvarp.html



Internet users who do not yet have a web browser program can use telnet or

gopher to reach libertynet.org, and get most of the DVARP information.  Many

colleges and universities have WWW terminals in libraries or other campus

buildings.  If you work or go to school at one of these places, you don't

need your own online account to explore the net.



DVARP's service makes basic information about our organization available to

read or download, and will contain full text of The Delaware Valley Rail

Passenger, public hearing statements, and other documents.  With the

electronic distribution, members can read the newsletter about a week

earlier than they get their paper copy.  Our web page is also a handy

starting point for accessing the growing number of train schedules and

related documents found online.





[screen picture] The DVARP newsletter in its new online edition.



New E-mail Address Too



With the new home on libertynet, DVARP now has its own electronic mailbox:

<dvarp@libertynet.org>.  E-mail is a fast and easy way for DVARP to respond

to members' questions, and stay in contact with rail advocates across the

country and around the world.



The Web page is being organized by Matt Mitchell <mmitchel@libertynet.org>,

with assistance from Nathan Gasser of Libertynet.  Libertynet is a joint

venture of the University City Science Center and Bell Atlantic, with

support from the University of Pennsylvania and the Ben Franklin

Partnership.



While we know that only a minority of the public can make use of the

internet right now, DVARP is going ahead with this project for several

reasons:  one is to serve as an example for other rail passenger

organizations across the country, and to catalyze new online efforts from

them, so volunteers from the many different organizations can communicate

rapidly and easily.  Our participation in RailWire, a new rail news service,

is an example of this.  Libertynet is also an inexpensive and easy way for

DVARP to spread its message to the people of the Delaware Valley and beyond.

 And there's a public service aspect of our project, where we can help

distribute transit information to commuters and visitors alike.  The value

of this kind of service was made clear when this writer got Metra train

schedules and Chicago visitor info on-line before taking off on a business

trip.



The World-Wide-Web interface was chosen for its ease of use.  Point to

something and click the mouse or press "return" and you go there, with no

arcane commands to type.  We can place all kinds of information on the page:

text documents, diagrams, and more, and users have the same easy access to

all of it.  And WWW is quickly becoming universal; while putting our

information on a commercial service like CompuServe would limit access to

those who paid for membership in that service.



Accessing DVARP Online



Libertynet expects to offer personal accounts to the general public later

this year, so people will be able to dial in from their home computers and

travel the world of the internet.  Plans are also being made for public

access terminals to be placed in branches of the Free Library of

Philadelphia and other places, so you won't even need a computer to join

DVARP in the information revolution.--MDM



[screen picture] DVARP's 'home page' offers point and click links to all

kinds of information.







Amtrak/Intercity News Update:



This Month's Cuts



Effective Feb. 1, the Crescent/Gulf Breeze, the Desert Wind, and the

Southwest Chief were each reduced to three round-trips per week; the Empire

Builder was cut to four.  Call Amtrak to make sure your train will still be

operating the day you want to travel.



Higher Speeds on Empire Corridor



Amtrak and New York State are working together to speed up the Empire

Corridor.  A pair of Rohr Turboliner power cars have been upgraded and are

now capable of 125 mph: the fastest self-propelled train in North America.

The new trains will bring travel time from the capital to the Big Apple down

to two hours.



Sections of the track between New York and Albany are to be upgraded to

allow the trains to exceed 110.  A key part of that improvement is the

installation of a new type of crossing gate which will completely enclose

the tracks, so that cars can't drive around the gates into the path of an

oncoming train.  Conventional gates block only half the road, so cars can

not get trapped by the gates.  Another of these gates is to be tested in

Connecticut as part of the Northeast Corridor electrification.



Maine, N.C. Trains Will Not Be Cut



Despite the expected cuts in present Amtrak service, plans for the

introduction of the Boston-Portland train and North Carolina's Piedmont are

expected to go forward.  The Piedmont will enter service in April; the Maine

train in October.



Amtrak Lives... on Paper



Amtrak's annual poster calendar for 1995 features the Capitol Limited, now

equipped with Super liners.  In the painting, the train is posed on the

picturesque Potomac River bridge at Harper's Ferry, WV.  To order a copy,

send $5.00 check or money order to Amtrak Calendar, PO Box 7717, Itasca IL

60143.  Prices go down for quantity orders: two copies are $9.00, three are

$12.00, and five are just $15.00.  Call Amtrak for further discounts.



AOE Tries Again



The luxury train operator American Orient Express has announced a one-time

special rail voyage from San Francisco to New York in July 1995.  The trip

is being marketed to European tourists and will include tours of Lake Tahoe,

Salt Lake City, Denver, Chicago, Niagara Falls, and Albany along the way.

AOE, formerly American European Express, is owned by two Swiss railways,

whose travel agent subsidiary also owns Europe's famed

Nostalgie-Orient-Express. A tour catalog is available from Reisbuero

Mittelthurgau, Bernerhaus/Marktplatz 5, 8570 Weinfelden, Switzerland.



Rail History Tour this Summer



Plan your summer vacation yet?  How about a rail tour of the Appalachians

put on by the Smithsonian Institution?  Learn about the industrial history

of the USA while you marvel at the beauty of our country.  Side trips to the

Strasburg and East Broad Top railroads and many more Pennsylvania sights are

promised on the eight day excursion which will also cover Maryland and West

Virginia.  For more information about this and a Railroading the Rockies

tour, contact Smithsonian Tours, 202-357-4700.



Amtrak Specials



Even while cutting service, Amtrak still has to promote its services.  A

"kids ride free" deal is in effect throughout the Northeast from now through

March.  Two children under 15 can accompany an adult at no charge.  All

travelers, with kids or alone, can win in an Amtrak sweepstakes where you

might find out your trip was free.  The official rules say you need to keep

your ticket stubs as proof of destination.  If your name is drawn, you

receive a ticket for your next trip.



Flyers Choose Rail Instead



Terry Murray, coach of the Philadelphia Flyers, knows that driving or

flying causes stress and hurts your performance.  When coaching in

Washington, Murray often arranged for his team to travel to New York by

Metroliner (arriving right under Madison Square Garden).



The Flyers had a scenic and relaxing trip on VIA Rail Canada between

Montreal and Quebec last month.  Like most of you rail riders, Murray got

some work done on the train, taping a TV interview.







Up and Down the Corridor News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail

transit services



More Good News from MARC



The citizens of Maryland are looking forward to an expansion of MARC service

to Frederick, on a branch from the Brunswick Line. Service is to start in

1998.  A number of Washington-bound commuters ride MARC connecting buses or

vans already.  With growth in the commuter traffic from this fairly distant

area predicted, and MARC's good service pleasing riders, the station will

have to accommodate the cars of a thousand commuters.



MARC's Muirkirk Station with a 600 car park and ride lot opened in December.

 It's part of a continued improvement of the Camden Line from downtown

Baltimore to Union Station in Washington.  New express service puts

Muirkirk just 19 minutes from Washington.  With the train now faster than

driving, MARC expects commuters to flock to their service.



And MARC also announced that two more cafe/parlor cars will be added to the

fleet, for a total of four.  Commuters can reserve a big comfortable seat

for an extra charge, plug in their laptop computer or spread work out on a

tray table.  Those who settle for the regular MARC coaches can come to the

parlor car and purchase coffee or a snack.  A private contractor operates

the service for MARC, cutting administrative costs.  The service has been a

hit with riders, and given MARC a new upscale image.



We keep hearing about good ideas at MARC: they've placed barrels of sand at

station platforms, so passengers can help each other by throwing a little

sand on slippery spots.  No railroad can have employees everywhere, and

commuter rail riders care enough about their service to help out.



See what happens when you do all these things and get named one of the

"People of the Year" in the DVRP?  MARC Manager David Nogar has taken a new

job with the Northeast Corridor Business Unit of Amtrak.  He is being

replaced at the fast-growing Maryland commuter railroad by Kathy Waters.



Bigger, Better DART



Public transit operations in Delaware will soon all be wearing the DART

name.  Local bus services in Newark and Dover, the Blue Diamond intercity

service, and Delaware's DAST paratransit service will be integrated with

the existing DART bus routes in Wilmington.



DART plans a major expansion of service, made possible by keeping 55 of

their 1981 GMC RTS buses in service an extra eight years. Thanks to the

easier service life these buses have had than their SEPTA counterparts, a

$130,000 overhaul will keep them on the road. New York can't take that step

with their RTSs; rough roads and heavy loads have taken their toll on the

bulkheads of the buses. SEPTA is retiring its RTS fleet this year.

Rebuilding the buses for extended service, plus added routine maintenance

may be more expensive than new buses.  The rattles of those buses can be

heard all over West Philadelphia!  The result in Wilmington will be an 18

percent expansion of DART service.



Metro-North Rates Well



MTA's two commuter railroads look like night and day in an end-of-1994

report.  The Long Island Rail Road's on-time percentage slipped to 89.7

percent, the worst score since 1991.  Poor performance in last winter's

storms was only part of the problem. LIRR President Tom Prendergast replaced

two top maintenance officials in December, and assigned supervisors to ride

the fiften least punctual trains on the system so they can observe and get

to the bottom of problems: an interesting management innovation. Meanwhile,

Metro-North Railroad brought its on-time rating to 95.7 percent.



Metro-North reported record ridership in 1994: not only for the time it has

been operating the Hudson, Harlem, and New Haven lines, but for all time!

The previous record was set just after the end of WWII.  The increase in

ridership amounted to five percent for the year.  MNRR attributed the gain

to its good performance in last winter's storms.  People tried Metro-North

when roads were impassable, and they found the service so good they kept

riding it.



Ice Wars



NYCT has declared war on winter storms which disrupt service on its elevated

and surface lines, particularly the A train to the Rockaways.  A special

train has been put together using diesel locomotives (SEPTA has a few of

these too) and subway cars fitted with special ice-scraping third-rail

shoes.  If things get so bad that the power rail can't be kept clear, the

diesel train will actually pick up passengers and take them to a point where

regular trains can carry on.



Board Delays Newtown Vote



continued from page 1



All major service attributes of this new plan are inferior to any plan

previously offered.  The new plan involves a passenger transfer that is even

more inconvenient, isolated, and unreliable  than that of the failed Fox

Chase transfer plan of 1981-83.  It would require the longest travel time of

any plan, 75% longer than driving to Center City.



Altogether, a dozen plans have been offered by SEPTA, by prospective private

operators, and by DVARP.  Most are now completely ignored by staff--this in

itself is quite unprofessional.  Staff failed even to await an initial

outside evaluation of two of these plans by the Delaware Valley Regional

Planning Commission (DVRPC).  Indeed, there is evidence that staff was aware

of the trend of early DVRPC calculations which disfavored the staff plan.

At the January 6 public hearing on the Newtown service issue, staff appeared

to have suppressed these early findings.



The most reprehensible part of staff's recent actions is the diminished

efforts for contact with the prospective operators, the townships and

municipalities along the route, and DVARP.  Instead, staff engaged quietly

in negotiations with a non-transpo rtation special interest group, the

Newtown Greenway Coalition.  We believe that this negotiation was not

sanctioned by the Board.



According to a newspaper report, staff in December reached a tentative

agreement with the Greenway Coalition to turn over to it six miles of the

existing Newtown Line trackage for conversion into a trail.  For the first

time, this action very strangely has aligned SEPTA with a new political

constituency which has a vested interest which logically is opposed to

transit service, whatever that organization may say it wants.



As a Board member from a county which seeks to extend commuter rail service,

you are no doubt aware that "nimbyism" is active in opposing the restoration

of train service to Painters Crossroads and to West Chester.  Virtually

handing over the Newtown Line right of way to park-trail enthusiasts is

certain to encourage the isolationists north of Lansdale and west of Elwyn

where service currently ends.



Please consider now how this staff action will be viewed by the public,

including SEPTA's detractors.  By assigning useful transportation property

to those regarded as opposed to the only rapid transportation possible in

their corridor, SEPTA staff is inviting public ridicule.  It is also

assisting in the proliferation of automotive vehicle miles.  As a

multi-billion-dollar company, SEPTA will be viewed as supinely yielding to a

little band of alleged environmentalists.



DVARP urges you and the Board to repudiate the costly and destructive $32

million project and the negotiated contract with the Greenway Coalition.  We

encourage you to review the DVRPC study and to require that staff reconsider

the problems involved with private operator negotiations, most importantly

those of insurance, working capital, low-performance rolling stock, and

devious routing.  Please investigate these questionable, hasty staff

actions.  We also request that you invite the public again into the

decision-making process as the law requires.



As the matter now stands, SEPTA is about to spend $32 million of our tax

money on a "loser", a black eye for transit, a project which few want but

the Greenway Coalition. You should require staff to return to the drawing

board and evolve, with public input, a simple, cost-effective plan for fast

and reliable Newtown-Center City commuter service.



Sincerely, [signed] Donald Nigro President



Time for Political Action?



With Montgomery County the main obstacle to direct Newtown-Philadelphia rail

service, county officials need to hear from constituents about how the train

would benefit them as well as Bucks and Philadelphia residents.



We suggest you direct your letters to Mario Mele, Chairman, Montgomery

County Commissioners, County Courthouse, Norristown, PA  19404, or phone

610-278-3020





Nationwide Ridership Data: Trains Up, Buses Down



APTA reports that nationwide public transit ridership grew for the fifth

straight quarter in summer-fall 1994.  That increase was driven completely

by rail services.  Commuter rail ridership grew by 5.8 percent, rapid

transit by 3.8 percent, and light rail 3.0. Bus ridership went down, except

in rural areas.





Pittsburgh Light Rail to Expand?



Planning meetings for possible light rail extensions are being held in

Pittsburgh.  Possible routes include across the Allegheny to Three Rivers

Stadium, the heavily-travelled Oakland corridor, or along the riverfront

where new businesses are locating.





Bucks Paper Praises DVARP



The  January 29, 1995 issue of the Bucks County Courier-Times contains an

article which describes DVARP and the role the organization is playing in

the matter of Newtown train service restoration.  The article, written by

A. L. Coughlan, is subtitled:  "They've been meeting for more than 20 years

to talk about planes, trains and automobiles.  When these folks talk--SEPTA

listens."



Here are excerpts from the article:



If you want to know how to get anywhere in the Delaware Valley quickly and

cheaply, DVARP--a volunteer group of engineers, doctors, lawyers,

biophysicists and accountants--can tell you.



That's why the group entered the debate over a proposal to tear up a portion

of the Newtown rail line and turn it into a bike and hiking trail.  DVARP

says the proposal is ludicrous.



Its members sprang to action last week to oppose the plan, which also calls

for rerouting the currently defunct Newtown line to [the] Warminster [Line]

as part of the effort to restart it.  From there passengers would change

trains enroute to Center City.



In a letter to SEPTA, the transit agency considering restarting train

service from Newtown, DVARP said it was "appalled at the secrecy, reckless

haste, and disregard for the interests of the passengers and taxpayers in

(considering) what demonstrably is the worst and weakest of all service

plans offered to date."



After receiving the letter, SEPTA board members decided not to vote on the

plan at last week's meeting in Philadelphia.  Instead, officials will

reconsider all plans to reactivate the line and return in 30 days with a

decision.



DVARP President Don Nigro applauded the action.  "We are relieved that the

grave concerns expressed by DVARP and Newtown Township were heard by the

Board," Nigro said to the board.



"Don Nigro has been a great help to me," said Newtown Township Supervisor

Anne Goren last Thursday.  "He can tell you everything you ever want to know

about transportation."





Responsible Industry Rewarded



(RW) The Department of Transportation halved the number of random drug

tests required in the rail industry this year, from a total of 50 percent of

the number of safety-sensitive employees to 25 percent.  This was the result

of a positive test rate of less than one percent.







DVARP Reorganization



continued from page 1



restructuring as a good time to seek replacement.  Board members expressed

their gratitude to Bode for his dedication to DVARP's cause.



In his acceptance statement, Nigro welcomed the opportunity to serve DVARP

at this important time, and hailed the new organizational structure as a

means of ensuring important decisions were discussed and made promptly.

But he hoped DVARP's record of thoughtful consideration of the issues would

not be sacrificed for expediency's sake, saying "If two [Board members]

agree on everything, one of them is unnecessary."



In anticipation of assuming the top office, Nigro came prepared with plans

for further reorganization.  He called for the three vice-presidencies to be

consolidated into one; and tapped DVARP cofounder and former Administrative

VP Bob Machler for the office as a means to ensure continuity through the

change.  Sharon Shneyer was elected to the new office of Recording

Secretary, while Treasurer Mark Sanders was re-elected to fill out the

officer slate.



The Board then made revisions to DVARP's committee structure.  A new Amtrak

Committee was formed; it is to be chaired by John Dawson.  The Light Rail

and Transit Committees were merged; the resulting Transit Committee will be

led by Bill Mulloy.  Bill Ritzler has replaced Don Nigro at the helm of the

South Jersey Committee, while the Commuter Rail Committee will continue to

be chaired by John Pawson.



After a lengthy and sometimes contentious debate among Board members,

President Nigro's resolution to replace several previous DVARP resolutions

regarding the newsletter with delegation of control to an Editorial Board

consisting of the president, vice-president, and newsletter editor was

passed by a 5-2 margin. Matthew Mitchell then accepted reappointment as

editor.



The transition was remarkably smooth, especially considering how many

changes were made to both structure and to individuals filling key posts.

The Board clearly has found its stride from day one, which was made all the

more important because of the heavy agenda of the January meeting.  Actions

were taken by the Board on SEPTA's Newtown Line proposal, the last-minute

deal reshaping SEPTA's fare increase, the renewed threat to

Philadelphia-Harrisburg train service, and the congressional moves to

eliminate Amtrak.  A number of minor issues were also handled, but for the

first time in recent memory, DVARP completed the agenda for its monthly

meeting on time. Both the Board members and the other members in attendance

praised how smoothly business was transacted.



At the conclusion of the meeting, Nigro stressed that the vesting of

decision-making power in the Board of Directors will not shut out other

members from being heard.  Comments from others in attendance on matters

before the Board were sought on several occasions, and increased

participation in DVARP's committees was encouraged.  A bigger role for the

committees is envisioned.



Nigro also expressed hope that the once-stalled move towards incorporating

DVARP would come to a successful conclusion in 1995. He described some

compelling reasons for the move, including liability concerns and the

opportunity to achieve tax-exempt status.  A new Incorporation Task Force

was established, and Nigro's wife Patricia, an attorney, volunteered to

advise the group.





Volunteer Opportunities



Good with your hands?  Feel creative?  We have two opportunities for you

which don't require a big commitment.  For public gatherings like the last

trip of the Palmetto, we'd like to have a banner we can hold up to identify

our group.  If a more solid project is to your liking, you could build a

portable display to hold pictures and literature at community events.  Want

to create one? Call DVARP president Don Nigro at 609-869-0020 or

215-222-3373.



We also could use a thorough worker who has a word processor for the

indexing of the DVRP.  Ever go back through your whole newsletter collection

looking for one particular article?  Your fellow members do so too, and you

can make it easy for them.

 Call newsletter editor Matt Mitchell, 215-222-3373, message box 3, to

volunteer.



Who Says Railroads Are a Thing of the Past?



Freight traffic on U.S. railroads set more records in 1994.  Total volume

was up 8.7 percent to an estimated 1.2 trillion ton-miles. Intermodal

(piggyback trailers and containers) gained an incredible 14.1 percent: the

14th consecutive annual gain.







Dates of Interest



SEPTA city transit schedules change February 5.



DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Feb. 18, 1:00 to 4:00 at Temple University

Center City, 1616 Walnut St., Philadelphia.



DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Feb 18, 11:00, at 104 Edison Ave.,

Collingswood NJ.



SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Feb. 23, 3:00 pm at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market

St.



Deadline for March newsletter material:  Fri., Feb. 23, to Matthew Mitchell

or in DVARP mailbox.



Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Mar. 2, 6:30 pm, at

Stationmaster's Office, Amtrak Wilmington Station.  Call Ken Berg,

410-648-5961, for more information.



DVARP Transit Committee: Wed., Mar. 8, 5:30 to 6:30 at 30th Street Station,

south concourse exit opposite Post Office.



IEEE Vehicular Technology Society: Wed. March 8, 6:30 pm at Lebow

Engineering Center, Drexel University, 31st & Market Sts.  Guest: Joseph

Noffsinger, Conrail.  Topic: Positive Train Separation.



DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Wed., Mar. 15, 5:30, location to be

announced.  Call 215-659-7736.  SEPTA RRD riders welcome.



DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Mar. 18, 11:00, at 104 Edison Ave.,

Collingswood NJ.



DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Mar. 18, 1:00 to 4:00 at Temple University

Center City, 1616 Walnut St., Philadelphia.



Amtrak schedules change and service cuts take effect April 1.



SEPTA commuter rail and suburban transit schedules change April 1



DVARP General Meeting: Sat., April. 15, 1:00 to 4:00 at Temple University

Center City, 1616 Walnut St., Philadelphia.



Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm

time & place.



Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.







NEW  Phone & Voice-mail Directory



-  DVARP main number (voice mail line)      215-222-3373



1  Bill Mulloy, Transit Committee      215-222-3373 2  John Pawson, Commuter

RR Comm.      215-659-7736

     (6 to 9 pm please) 3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor

215-885-7448 4  John Dawson, Amtrak Committee      215-222-3373 5  Sharon

Shneyer, Recording Secretary      215-386-2644 6  Robert H. Machler, Vice

President      215-222-3373 7  Bill Ritzler, South Jersey Committee

609-869-0020 8  Chuck Bode, Board Member      215-222-3373 9  Don Nigro,

President      609-869-0020 -  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator

215-222-3373 -  Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator     215-232-6303



Computer e-mail (internet)     dvarp@libertynet.org



World-Wide Web     http://libertynet.org/~dvarp/dvarp.html





DVARP Membership Coupon



Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!



     Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1995!     2/95



Name



Address



City, State, Zip



Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:



DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101



(  ) Regular: $16.00   (  ) Family:  $20.00  (  ) Supporting: $25.00



(  ) Sustaining: $50.00  (  ) Patron: $75.00  (  ) Benefactor: $100.00



(  ) under 21 or over 65: $7.50







Please Renew Today



We hope you're as enthusiastic about the improvements at DVARP as we are.

The best way to show that appreciation (besides becoming a DVARP volunteer)

is to renew your membership right away, and consider a membership category

offering a higher level of financial support.  Postage and other costs have

increased, squeezing our budget tightly.  Because DVARP has no paid staffers

or fund-raisers, you can be confident all your donation goes directly to our

efforts to win better passenger rail service for you.



You Know You're Getting Old...



When a Conrail Historical Society is formed.  A group of preservationists

and rail buffs organized the group last month.  Membership info can be

obtained from Conrail Historical Society, P.O. Box 38-DV, Walnutport, PA

18088.



There's a good story for the society to tell: how dedicated people and

deregulation combined with the inherent efficiency of rail transport to turn

the rotting carcass of the Penn Central into a profitable private

corporation.



Quotable:



From The Economist, Oct. 29, 1994:



Nowadays, at least in the rich industrial world, although every adult still

wants a car (and many people with one car want another one), almost everyone

wishes his neighbour did not have one too....  This battle between what

people want to do and what they would like other people to do, risks getting

out of hand.  There are good grounds for using prices to alter motorists'

behaviour, and for altering the balance of infrastructure investment towards

railways and away from roads.



---END---

