The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

Electronic Edition

September  1993

Vol. XI, No. 9

 

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the 

interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and 

potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, 

southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.

 

The Electronic Edition is posted as a service to the net community by DVARP.

Your comments are welcome; send them to the address below.  We hope you'll 

consider joining DVARP by filling out the coupon below.

 

For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA  19101

voicemail: 215-222-3373     e-mail <iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu>

 

Schedule Change Alert:  New SEPTA commuter rail schedules effective September 

7 bring improved peak-hour service for post-RailWorks(R) era!-see page 4

 

DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  

Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1993!    

Name     

Address     

City, State, Zip     

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

     DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00      (  ) Family:  $20.00     (  ) Supporting: $25.00

     (  ) Sustaining: $50.00     (  ) Patron: $75.00     (  ) Benefactor: $100.00

          (  ) Introductory rate-new members only: $10.00     

 

Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...

1     SEPTA Board bows to Harrisburg pressure, postpones MFSE car contract.

2     Editorial: 'RiderWorks'

3     RailWorks Roundup:  Reopening plans, service guarantee extended.

4     On the Railroad Lines:  New schedules will speed service on ex-Reading.

7     Trolley celebration promises to be a huge and fascinating experience.

8     DVARP Commuter Rail Committee issues off-peak speed-up plan.  

9     SEPTA Board OKs purchase of 1234 Market building.

10     South Jersey Update:  DVARP surveys Mt. Holly-Moorestown route.

13     Amtrak issues ICE Metroliner schedule, 

     directory of rail excursions to see fall colors.

14     Dates of Interest:  CETC tour before this month's meeting,

     NJT guest coming in October.

15     Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory.

 

DVARP President: Chuck Bode          Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell

     for other officers and committee chairs, see page 15

entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP, except photos (C) 1993 credited 

photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily 

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373

 

 

**SEPTA Board Double Damned...   Passengers Sweat It Out      by Tom Borawski

The SEPTA Board received pressure in a new direction last month as New York 

Governor Mario Cuomo threatened to blacklist Pennsylvania firms from New York 

State government contracts if ABB Traction Corp. was not awarded the $300 

million Market-Frankford car contract.  The Board continued to receive threats 

from Western Pennsylvania lawmakers pushing Pittsburgh-based AEG 

Westinghouse's bid and warning of "trouble in Harrisburg" if ABB wins, leading 

to a strained atmosphere at the special Board meeting called August 24 to 

consider the contract.

The SEPTA Board vote means three-decade-old cars will continue to ply the 

rails of the Frankford El.     file photo

The stereophonic threats led the Board to throw the whole issue into the lap 

of yet another consultant to determine the eligibility of the bidders.  The 

consultant study is to last a maximum of 80 days.  The motion to seek the new 

study was made by Board member James Schwartzman (Senate appointee).  The 

consultant is to be approved by Chairman Tom Hayward (Delaware Co.) with input 

from other Board members.  It is unclear if the selection of the consultant 

might add further delay on top of the 80 day study period.  The contractors, 

afraid that to say no might be to lose the contract, have extended the 

validity of their bids for 90 days.

The attempt to pass the buck to an outsider came a week after the Board failed 

to get a majority vote either to award the contract to ABB or to reject ABB's 

bid, and six months after the bid opening.  Only Edmund Jones (Delaware Co.), 

Jettie Newkirk (Philadelphia), Andy Warren (Bucks), and Franklin Wood (Bucks) 

opposed the delay.  

Both SEPTA's own staff and a $70,000 consultant study have determined that ABB 

was the lowest responsible bidder for the contract.  Jones pointed out that 

the study done by consulting firm O'Brien Kreitzberg found ABB responsible.  

He said if the new study finds all three bidders responsible, "We're right 

back then where we are right now....I think that we're spinning wheels for an 

unnecessary purpose."  He later pointed out that the new study may cost more 

than the $210,000 estimate.  

Newkirk added, "The time period is more lengthy than I think is reasonable to 

ask."  Richard Voith attempted to amend the motion to cut the review period 

down to 45 days, but it was decided that it might not be possible to complete 

the review in the shorter time.  Patrick McCarthy (Governor's appointee), who 

was attending the meeting by telephone, started to debate Voith's amendment 

after it was voted down, demonstrating the unwieldiness of Board member  

'telecommuting.'

*Williams's Vote Puzzling

New Board member and State Senator Anthony Hardy Williams (D-Philadelphia), 

who took the seat formerly occupied by FTA Administrator Gordon Linton, packed 

the audience with constituents, presumably to pressure his fellow board 

members to vote against any delay.  

Williams said, "The most compelling pressure we should feel frankly are the 

people who sit in that audience....The people who put their kids on that El 

line every day.  That's the pressure that should be driving us....But up to 

this point I have to question how responsible we are being with regard to what 

we're doing to other people's lives."  He added, "I have to temper what we're 

doing here.  It's not a compromise for consensus.  Frankly, it's a move to 

seek other areas of cover."

Shortly after Williams spoke, the board voted on the 80 day delay.  The motion 

passed with 9 affirmative votes-including the same Anthony Hardy Williams who 

just finished preaching to the board about "other people's lives."  Warren was 

flabbergasted by Williams's pro-delay vote.  He said, "I am confounded by the 

impassioned plea and then the vote to delay for up to three months.  I don't 

follow his logic...."

*Meeting taped by DVARP:  An audio tape of the SEPTA Board meeting of August 

24 is available; send $5.00 duplicating and postage cost to DVARP for a copy.

 

Members have suggested that we add an editorial page to the DVRP.  The 

following is the first in a series of opinion pieces which will run in this 

space for the rest of the year.  If response to this new feature is positive, 

we'll make it a permanent part of the newsletter.-MDM

 

**From the Editor's Seat:

     _RiderWorks_

     Recovering Lost Passengers

The RailWorks(R) megaproject is over, and taken solely as a construction 

project, it has been an unqualified success.  However, as predicted by DVARP 

over two years ago, the disruption to Reading-side commuter rail service has 

caused a dramatic decline in SEPTA ridership, a decline which threatens the 

very existence of the entire service.

We dangled over the precipice last fall, when SEPTA nearly fell into the death 

spiral of service cuts and declining ridership.  DVARP and dozens of others 

demanded an end to business-as-usual at SEPTA. (see Sep. 92 DVRP)  Could we be 

at the dawn of a new era?  A few recent reports actually sound promising.  

Some express service is being restored and the service guarantee program is 

being extended to the entire railroad.  The trend must continue if SEPTA is to 

survive.

Rebuilding the human infrastructure of SEPTA's passenger base must be given 

the same high priority as rebuilding bridges and viaducts.  To fit this into 

SEPTA's 'big-project' mentality, let's call it 'RiderWorks.'

Like the construction project was made up of many small elements such as 

bridge rebuilding, track maintenance, and signal upgrading, the 'RiderWorks' 

project ought to include schedule upgrading, courtesy maintenance, and 

reliability rebuilding.  Just as RailWorks planners recognized the need to 

make ticket agents and conductors part of the team, 'RiderWorks' must 

encompass all of SEPTA, especially the people who do not have direct customer 

contact.

We've chronicled here previously the rebirth of SEPTA's marketing function.  

Rich DiLullo has had some good ideas, and equally important, is listening to 

the ideas of SEPTA's supporters like DVARP.  Still, as we've said here many 

times before, the best laid marketing plan is useless if the quality of the 

service is bad enough to keep new customers from coming back.  That's why 

'RiderWorks' must be everybody's job!

*Award the Contract Now!

The decision by the SEPTA Board to seek yet another consultant to evaluate the 

companies seeking the Market-Frankford car contract is a disservice to the 

riding and tax-paying public.  Its hard to construe their action as anything 

other than a vain search for a so-called 'independent' consultant who will say 

what the Board wants it to say, thus lending a false aura of rationality to 

their political motives.  

SEPTA is a transportation agency, not a patronage agency or a pork agency.  

The ABB bid should be accepted immediately.  I'll have more to say about this 

and the politicization of SEPTA next month.-MDM

 

**RailWorks(R) Roundup

RailWorks(R) is a registered trademark of SEPTA.

*On Time, Under Budget

Louis Gambaccini crowed to the media late last month as RailWorks construction 

crews drove to an on-time reopening of the commuter rail trunk line through 

North Philadelphia.  Gambaccini says that the final cost of the project will 

be some $90 million below the budgeted $354 amount, thanks to the slack 

construction market.  

SEPTA will not be able to spend the remaining funds as it chooses, though.  

Most of the money is coming from Federal grants, and SEPTA must apply to the 

FTA to get that money back for other projects like Wayne Junction-Glenside 

renovations or Frankford El reconstruction.

 

*Guarantee Extended 

With the resumption of normal commuter rail service, SEPTA is extending the 

Service Guarantee Program to all of its commuter lines and the Broad St. 

Subway.

Passengers can apply for a voucher for a free future trip if SEPTA fails to 

deliver them to their destination within 15 minutes of the scheduled time.  As 

during RailWorks, there will be limitations on the refund program.  Refunds 

will be issued only for conditions under SEPTA's control.  Delays arising from 

weather conditions or Amtrak dispatching conflicts, among other circumstances, 

are excluded.  

Get your refund card now!

Few people actually applied for the refunds during RailWorks, even with the 

many problems experienced the first year.  DVARP believes that this was caused 

by the complexity of the refund application form.

The best way to make sure you receive the refunds you are now entitled to is 

to pick up an postage-paid application card now and keep it together with your 

train schedule.  Cards can be picked up at any RRD ticket office.  

When a delay occurs, start filling out the card immediately, while your memory 

is still fresh, because it requires your exact departure and arrival times. If 

in doubt as to whether a particular incident qualifies for a refund, send the 

card anyway; it is SEPTA's responsibility to determine if it qualifies. 

 

*PR Pulling Out All Stops, Making All Stops

The beefed up public relations effort aimed at winning customers back to SEPTA 

is making all stops this month.  Information fairs were held at downtown 

commuter rail stations, and key transit hubs:  SEPTA staffers handed out 

schedules while bands played to attract attention.  "Welcome back" events are 

also being held downtown.

Among the more unusual events is a "signature board" at Fern Rock to be 

autographed by passengers who were forced to transfer to and from the subway 

there for ten months.  The board recognizes the sacrifices those people made 

and expresses SEPTA's gratitude to them.  

For the other group of passengers who were burdened by the rail shutdown, 

"Thank you" parties were held for Broad St. Subway riders at Erie and Olney 

stations.  In North Philadelphia, where a lot of RailWorks money has gone to 

placate residents living near the construction zone, an "Unblocked Party" is 

being held.

The new Temple University station is to be the site of several events, 

including unveiling of a mural painted by neighborhood kids.  The formal 

ribbon-cutting ceremony will be Sept. 21 from 4:30 to 8:00 pm.

New welded rail for installation during RailWorks     photo Tom Borawski

     

**On the Railroad Lines...

*New-Look Timetables Bring Change

The new look of the SEPTA commuter rail timetables issued this month is more 

than skin-deep.  The end of RailWorks has brought a speed-up to most Reading-

side trains while some peak service increases are taking effect.  Off-peak 

service  changes are a mix of increases and cuts.

With regards to the timetables, the Public Relations and Schedule Sections of 

SEPTA sought out rider opinions and acted on many of the suggestions received.  

The two most significant changes are the larger print used in the schedules 

themselves and the new Rider Guide to which some of the information previously 

printed in the timetables has been relocated.  The latter, suggested by DVARP, 

will allow information to be presented in an easier-to-use form and may reduce 

printing costs in the long run.

The schematic line map on the back of each timetable now includes the station 

information previously printed in a separate panel.  New symbols are used, and 

the new University City station under construction makes its timetable debut 

on those maps.  A few minor typographical errors cropped up in this first 

edition though.

SEPTA is welcoming your comments and suggestions on the new look.  Phone 580-

7843, and remember to send a copy of your suggestion to DVARP, so we can 

follow up.

 

**Judge Spikes Amtrak Strike

U.S. District Judge Stanley Harris issued an injunction against a threatened 

strike by the United Transportation Union against Amtrak.  At issue was work 

rules on the LA Metrolink commuter trains which are operated by Amtrak-UTU 

wants a conductor from its union on board trains which are moved into 

maintenance yards.  Had a strike been called, not only would Amtrak's 

nationwide trains be affected but also many commuter lines including SEPTA.

Under the provisions of the arcane Railway Labor Act, Amtrak claimed the 

dispute was a minor one which must be submitted to mediation before either 

party to the dispute could take action.  UTU claimed the dispute was 

significant enough to permit an immediate strike.  The order is set to expire 

while this issue is in press.

 

*R2-No Peak Relief Yet

While new schedules brought the restoration of express service to several 

lines, all Wilmington service remains local.  One more Saturday evening trip 

has been added, while Sunday service goes to an hourly frequency.

A new line-pairing scheme is in effect.  While Warminster trains will continue 

to run thorough to the Airport as in Fall 1992, many weekend Marcus Hook-

Wilmington trains will operate to and from Norristown.  The R2 timetable 

incorrectly lists weekday trains as running through to Norristown; they 

terminate at Roberts Yard.

 

*R3-Media Rail Project Means Weekend Bus

A major track project is beginning on the Media-Elwyn line; SEPTA has elected 

to cancel all weekend train service during the project and operate shuttle 

buses to Center City.  The buses will be a half-hour slower than regular train 

service.  Weekday peak service will be unaffected, while mid-day trains will 

run on a new schedule which will not link to West Trenton. 

*West Trenton Speedup

SEPTA Rail Planning manager Harry Garforth predicts that riders will be 

pleased by his improvements in the post-RailWorks West Trenton schedule.  Peak 

hour trains will be 4 to 7 minutes faster, while off-peak speedups are as much 

as 9 minutes.  The second outbound express has also been restored, but the 

counterproductive cuts in weekend service hours are not yet reversed.

 

*R5-Update not yet available

SEPTA had not yet issued the new R5 timetable as of press time.

 

*R6-Name That Train!

SEPTA's first named train is "The Schuylkill Flyer," the restored express 

train to and from Norristown.  Carded for 39 minutes, it is the fastest 

service on the line since the one-stop DeKalb St-Reading Terminal runs of 

through trains from Reading.  The timing of the Flyer's departure is also 

improved. Off-peak trains are 5 to 6 minutes faster, and an evening round trip 

is added.

A faster turnaround will allow the first inbound Cynwyd train to run earlier.

*And On The Seventh Day...

Upgrading of grade crossing equipment between  Shawmont and Spring Mill has 

been completed.  A SEPTA crew was working on the River Road crossing on Sunday 

Aug. 15th.  New tie installation and ballast renewal has been done in the 

vicinity of Conshohocken, but trackwork will continue during the fall because 

all available forces were working on the RailWorks project.

*Stony Creek Accident

A 63 year old North Wales man crashed his car into the side of an 8 car 

freight train at the Hancock St. crossing of the recently restored Stony Creek 

line August 5th.  Witnesses said the train followed safety procedures and was 

blowing its horn when the accident took place.  The entire line is supposed to 

have gates installed this month. 

 

*R7-New Sunday Pairing

Reworking of the R7 Trenton schedule may be waiting for October, to coordinate 

with Amtrak and NJ Transit.  

Meanwhile, at the other end of the line, Sunday Trenton trains will alternate 

their through-run destinations between Chestnut Hill East and Fox Chase.  Both 

lines will get served every two hours, a reduction for Chestnut Hill.  Some 

offsetting good news is that all Chestnut Hill East trains are to be 3 to 4 

minutes faster, and an extra trip has been added to each rush hour schedule.

*Easier NYC Tickets

NJ Transit has installed one of its own ticket machines next to the SEPTA 

machines at 30th Street.  Programmed to sell tickets form Trenton to other New 

Jersey points and New York City, it will allow you to skip the mad dash up to 

the Trenton ticket counter and the worrying about missing your connection.  So 

use it!

 

*R8-Half-Hourly Service Kept

The fall timetable retains the half-hourly off-peak frequency to Chestnut Hill 

West which was in effect during RailWorks.  However, the early and late trains 

which had been added for RailWorks were taken off.  

Half of the weekday Chestnut Hill trains are now skipping the little-used 

Westmoreland and North Philadelphia stops.  This may allow trains to proceed 

onto the Corridor before an Amtrak conflict forces them to hold.  However, 

there is no time savings reflected in the schedule.  All trains will now treat 

Highland as a flag stop.

Track conditions on the Chestnut Hill West continue to deteriorate.  Ride 

quality is worse, while many trains will be slower.  Bridge abutments are 

being repaired at Mt. Pleasant Ave. and at Mascher St.

Fox Chase trains will be a little faster now that RailWorks is over.  An 

additional train has been added to each peak and reverse peak schedule, the 

last Saturday night round trip has been cut.

 

*Regensburger Cries Foul

A "white paper" issued by Newtown line bidder Robert Regensburger alleges 

improprieties on the part of virtually everyone involved in the Newtown line 

privatization, especially Bucks County and SEPTA.  The most serious of the 

allegations holds that Bucks County has promised to guarantee loans to rival 

bidder Rodney Fisk without a public vote or an open process.  All kinds of 

collusion is alleged.

Regensburger also alleges that a member of SEPTA's Planning and Development 

staff has circumvented procurement rules to leak information to Fisk.  

Regensburger feels that something about Fisk's desire to operate service to 

both Newtown and Quakertown is somehow suspect, and is adamant that Fisk's 

plan will fail.  He concludes that the whole privatization should be called 

off rather than award the contract to Fisk.

 

**100-  N-5s Coming in Slowly

Though five new cars are on the property, they aren't all ready for service/  

SEPTA is not yet able to put the new off-peak schedule into effect. Haverford 

Township officials sponsored excursions on the revitalized line for their 

constituents.  Hopes are that the ride on the new cars will encourage township 

residents to use SEPTA.

*Red Arrow Report:  SEPTA is again seeking bids for rental of retail space in 

69th St. Terminal

 

**CTD-Subway Service Increases

The new schedule for the Broad St. Subway ends the expanded service to carry 

the RailWorks load, but it will be an improvement over last winter's schedule.  

Ridge Ave. trains will continue to run from Fern Rock, as expresses with a 

North Philadelphia stop on weekdays and as locals Saturday.  Weekday express 

service hours will be expanded.

On the Market-Frankford El, weekday base service will be increased from every 

8 minutes to every 6 minutes.

Thomas Collins of SEPTA's Schedule Section also informs us that bus service 

increases will go into effect on selected City routes this month.  A program 

of highlighting train connections in bus schedules is beginning with Routes 19 

& 84 which feed the R7 train in the Northeast.

 

**KARP Seeks Harrisburg Improvements

A study performed by the DVRPC for PennDOT puts a $20 million price tag on 

rehabilitating the Harrisburg line.  If the infrastructure repairs are 

completed, trains would be able to run at 90 mph between Paoli and Lancaster, 

and 70 mph between Lancaster and Harrisburg.  The study recommends that the 

electrification be repaired and retained; to do nothing means the elec-

trification will have to be scrapped.

The study echoed earlier reports by transportation planner Ed Tennyson and by 

DVARP that said that Philadelphia-Harrisburg should be operated as a commuter 

rather than intercity service.  That means shorter and more frequent trains. 

If service is increased to ten trips per day, ridership would more than double 

to 750,000 passengers per year, possibly a million.  Travel demand increases 

coupled with deterioration of the rail service has forced PennDOT to plan a 

costly expansion of US Route 30.

Keystone Association of Railroad Passengers (KARP) says that commuter rail 

service to the capital would be a benefit to the Commonwealth, which provides 

free parking to 24,000 of its employees.  More than 3500 of them park in 

commercial lots; when the cost of Commonwealth-owned lots is added, over $5 

million is spent by state government alone to subsidize the car habit.

KARP spokesman Larry Joyce quoted an EPA report which says "Transportation 

agencies-accustomed to doling out funds for highway and road projects-make 

decisions on CMAQ [congestion management and air quality] projects based on 

biases towards traffic flow improvements such as signalization projects and 

left turn lanes.... [The] project planning & selection process results in short-

term highway-specific projects garnering the bulk of CMAQ funding, while 

longer-term air quality improvements and transit strategies see token 

representation in the CMAQ program."

Joyce hopes that PennDOT or a local transportation authority will acquire the 

Cumberland Valley RR bridge over the Susquehanna and the line from Harrisburg 

to Carlisle, a track connecting the bridge to the Conrail Enola branch to 

York.  Joyce also cited the need for better transit coordination in 

Harrisburg, for convenience that will attract passengers.  But these projects 

are not in the Harrisburg Area Transportation Study TIP.

 

**Trolleyfest is Coming!     by Matthew Mitchell

After years of disregarding the value of streetcar service to the quality of 

life in Philadelphia, SEPTA has made an abrupt about-face and is to be a 

leading partner in the 1993 Trolleyfest, a celebration of both old and new 

light rail transit.

Dozens of activities are scheduled for the weekend of October 2-3, including 

city and suburban trolley excursions, shop tours, live & video displays, and 

entertainment.  A monument commemorating the centennial of electric streetcar 

service will be unveiled, and one of SEPTA's remaining PCCs will be sold at 

auction.

*Excursions on Tap

SEPTA has come up with an imaginative and comprehensive program of trolley 

excursions for the festival, to highlight the best things about rail travel.  

A special route will be operated over Route 15 and the Route 10 diversion 

route from Fairmount to the University of Pennsylvania via the Zoo.  It is 

expected that three generations of trolleys will be in service: the 1981 LRVs, 

PCC cars from the 40s, and even an old 'Peter Witt' car.  Elsewhere in the 

City, the Penn's Landing Trolley will be running its historic cars while SEPTA 

will extend its Chestnut Hill Trolley to Broad and Erie.  Self-guided subway-

surface tours will cover the 'streetcar suburbs' of West Philadelphia.

The new N-5 cars will be showcased on the Norristown High-Speed Line with the 

theme "Riding into the future," while expert narrators will accompany Media 

line excursions.  No word yet on whether any old suburban cars will be on 

static display.  A special weekend pass will be your ticket to these events, 

good on all SEPTA bus and rail routes and the Penn's Landing Trolley.  

*Go behind the scenes

You will have a rare chance to see the shops that keep our trolley service 

rolling.  The artisans of the NHSL 'Bullet Shop' will be demonstrating their 

rare skills at an open house while Elmwood and Woodland Shops in the city will 

also have open days. These tours will be fascinating even to people who aren't 

transit enthusiasts!

As we expected, Kim Heinle has given a jump-start to SEPTA's Light Rail 

Division since he was transferred to the post of Chief Officer-Light Rail last 

fall. (see October 92 DVRP)  He probably knows SEPTA must show a commitment to 

restoring the streetcar lines it abandoned in the past decade if it expects to 

regain support from communities used to broken SEPTA promises.  With a 

successful Festival, Heinle could go a long way towards healing those wounds.  

It will remain to be seen if Heinle can turn around an institutional culture 

within SEPTA which many experts say is biased against rail.

Artists rendering of the Trolley Centennial Monument

     courtesy Philadelphia Trolley Coalition

An unprecedented team effort is joining SEPTA to put on this event: the 

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition, Buckingham Valley Trolley Association, City of 

Philadelphia, and the Convention and Visitors' Bureau are among the sponsors.

 

**Streamline Off-Peak RRD Service      by John Pawson

Doylestown and Warminster would be just 64 and 40 minutes respectively from 

Penn Center Suburban Station if the off-peak service changes suggested by 

DVARP are put into effect by SEPTA's Railroad Division.  The idea is to 

attract passengers back to the rails following the multiple service 

disruptions of the past two years by making the service faster, more reliable, 

and more conveniently scheduled.  Improving crew productivity by ten percent 

also would help secure the future of the Regional Rail service within SEPTA.  

Most lines would see a significant speed-up.  The 'Toonerville Trolley' meets 

on the Doylestown and Warminster lines would be eliminated, and trains would 

run as expresses on the trunk line south of Jenkintown.  Those changes would  

reduce full-route travel time on those lines by 15 and 13 minutes 

respectively.  Similar express service would also yield faster trips on the 

West Trenton line.  Stations on the trunk would be served by twice-hourly 

through Airport-Jenkintown locals.

A third factor which would save time and boost on-time performance is the 

severing of most Pennsy-Reading through routings.  Because most crews would 

not change downtown and because passengers would only be getting on or off 

(not both), the trains' stops could be shorter and their passage through 

Center City more orderly.  Most outbound trains would start their runs near 

Center City, ending the frustrating waits for trains tied up somewhere on 

Amtrak or in the northern suburbs.  Taking away the crutch of blaming someone 

else when trains are delayed might force SEPTA to take action to increase 

service reliability.

Severing through-routing also allows scheduling to better meet customers' 

needs.  On most lines, trains would arrive downtown in time for passengers to 

reach meetings and other events which so typically start on the hour.  

Departure times similarly would be concentrated.  This change of scheduling, 

when applied to the Norristown line, permits for the first time a universal 

train/bus transfer at Norristown Transportation Center.

DVARP will send a copy of its Off-Peak Schedule Improvement Plan to anyone 

requesting it.  (phone 215-222-3373, message box 2)  Your speaking up, 

insisting on improvements like this is necessary to overcome institutional 

interia and get the plan acted on, so SEPTA can rebuild its ridership base.  

 

News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, Chuck 

Bode, Tom Borawski, Larry Joyce, Bob Machler, Don Nigro, John Pawson, Joel 

Spivak.

Additional news from BITNET, Cinders, NJ-ARP, Philadelphia Daily News, 

Philadelphia Inquirer, Railfan & Railroad, Railpace, Rollsign, USENET.

 

**Penjerdel Controversy Grows

More groups are protesting the unauthorized use of their names by the 

Penjerdel Council's protest of employer trip reduction regulations.  (see 

August DVRP)  The US Navy says Penjerdel's implcation that the Philadelphia 

Navy Base supports Penjerdel is illegal, while others are considering legal 

action.  DVARP sent a letter to Pennjerdel demanding a public retraction.

 

**Blue Route Nearing Capacity

The latest evidence that building more roads won't ease traffic congestion is 

the Blue Route.  PennDOT announced that the Delaware County section of I-476 

is at a daily volume of 71,500 vehicles-near the 80,000 daily capacity.  The 

road is 20 years ahead of schedule in reaching this level.

 

**Proposed Law Boosts PA Rail 

House Bill 344 provides for enhanced Commonwealth support of freight rail ser-

vice as a means of economic development, and a way to sustain rail service to 

shippers.  A Rail Freight Advisory Committee is formed which will have the 

power to make grants and loans to freight carriers.

A Pennsylvania Railroad Authority is also to be created to sell bonds and 

acquire rolling stock for Amtrak and freight services.  It will not be allowed 

to purchase right of way.  The apparent goal of the Authority is a new Amtrak 

service from New York to Harrisburg via Allentown and  Reading., but funds for 

the trains were lined out from the state budget. (Aug. DVRP)

 

**Operation Scram: Send Us Rail Stories

On November 23, 1954, Mayor Clark led an evacuation of Center City in a 

simulated response to a Soviet nuclear attack.  Code named "Operation Scram," 

over 25,000 workers participated.

If you were involved in the transportation planning for this exercise or were 

a participant, send us your stories. Your Scram stories will be printed in an 

upcoming DVRP. -TB 

 

**1234 = Headquarters

At its regular meeting in August, the Board give its approval to the 

resurrected deal for purchase of the PSFS Building at 1234 Market St. and 

consolidation of SEPTA offices there.  Brickstone Properties, who had brokered 

the original deal before the FDIC got cold feet, was the successful bidder for 

the building in FDIC's sale.  Brickstone will renovate the property to SEPTA's 

specifications and turn it over to the Redevelopment Authority of Philadelphia 

who will manage it for SEPTA and the remaining other tenants.  SEPTA will pay 

$60.5 million, apparently to be funded from a bond issue.  

 

**Steamed RROC

The Inquirer reports that real estate developer Ronald Rubin has cut off air 

conditioning to the Regional Rail Operations Center.  Rubin is legally allowed 

to cut off the AC due to a loophole in the lease.  The article speculates that 

Rubin is retaliating against SEPTA for deciding against his building in the 

headquarters search.  The paper quotes Board member Andrew Warren: "It is a 

fact that since the negotiations ended, it has been more difficult to get 

basic services...."  

The proposal for SEPTA's new headquarters contains the clause: "Tenant shall 

have the ability to monitor and override building HVAC [Heating, ventilation, 

& air conditioning] systems of its space on a floor-by-floor basis during 

hours other than normal working hours." 

 

*SEPTA Hires Lobby Firm

The Board approved a contract with the firm of Peter A. Peyser, Associates to 

represent the Authority in Harrisburg. May the Force be with them. 

 

*Check Your Consent Calendars

Former SEPTA board member and FTA head Brian W. Clymer has been appointed 

President of Railway Systems Design Inc., of Media, PA.  A name to watch for. 

 

*Correction:  The home county of SEPTA Board member Stewart Cades was 

misreported in last month's DVRP.  He is from Montgomery County.

 

**NJT Adds Commuter Rail To BurlCo Study     by Donald Nigro

New Jersey Transit has added commuter rail  to the list of modes under 

consideration for transit expansion in Burlington County.  James 

Schwarzwalder, NJT's area studies manager, outlined this and other recent 

information on the Burlington/Gloucester initiative for representatives of 

DVARP and NJARP.  The meeting was held at New Jersey DOT's headquarters in 

Trenton on August 9.

The additional route under study would permit a one-seat ride to downtown 

Philadelphia via the Delair Bridge with stops at 30th Street, Suburban and 

Market East Stations.  DVARP and NJARP had requested previously that such a 

mode-route combination be added to the study.  The electrified service under 

consideration would offer peak service at twenty minute intervals with off-

peak service every hour.

The final report (April 1993) of the initial study examined two lengths of 

service on the Pemberton Industrial Track in Burlington County.  The "full 

length" option extends to Mount Holly; the "minimum length" service terminates 

at Mount Laurel.  Both lengths go through Moorestown; town officials have 

repeatedly threatened to obstruct any service using this route.  

Narrow right-of-way down Third Street in Moorestown

     all photos: Donald Nigro

In response to Moorestown's resistance, NJT has shortened the "minimum length" 

of all modes to a location immediately west of Moorestown.  Given Moorestown's 

staunch resistance, NJT is currently examining commuter rail only as far as 

this point.  Schwarzwalder indicated that NJT  will "go where we're wanted."  

It is hoped that communities desiring effective service east of Moorestown 

will encourage the municipality of Moorestown to see the benefits of such 

service for the whole county.

The width of the right of way in Moorestown is generally 50 feet.  However, 

for three blocks between Washington Ave. and Chester Ave. along Third St., 

parts of the right of way are only 15 feet wide with homes on both sides. 

Three freight trains per week travel this line during the daytime.  The  

right-of-way once had many passenger and freight trains on it at all hours of 

the day and night.  If a double track LRT or modified-PATCO were planned with 

ten minute headways, many of the properties along the three block segment of 

Third St. would have to be bought up.  

Such an acquisition would not be unusual.  PATCO had to acquire more than 250 

properties to construct the its line on the former railroad right of way from 

Camden to Lindenwold.  With a peak headway of 20 minutes, commuter rail may be 

able to operate on a single track, thereby requiring fewer property 

acquisitions than a double tracked LRT or modified-PATCO line.

There is some low-income housing on the narrow three block segment of Third 

Street.  Moorestown would be required by law to relocate the low-income 

housing if the rail line causes them to be condemned.  A DVARP source has 

indicated that Moorestown's disdain for any new low-income housing is one of 

the foremost reasons for its opposition to the passenger rail service.      

Currently, NJT has identified three station sites in New Jersey for the 

commuter rail option, two of which are already owned by the authority.  NJT 

owns a large property at the Route 537 interchange with Route 73 in Maple 

Shade.  The land is an ideal location and size for a park & ride station.  An 

unused bus garage is presently on that site.

The second station would be in downtown Maple Shade at the historic station on 

Fork Landing Road.  NJT does not own this property, but revitalizing the 

property to its original use would not be difficult.  The site would serve 

mostly as a community walk-in station with a minimal amount of parking.

The third station would be in Pennsauken at a NJT-owned triangle-shaped 

property outlined by the Atlantic City Rail Line, the Pemberton Industrial 

Track and the Delair Cut-off.  Judging by the size of the property and its 

surroundings, DVARP believes the station would be limited to mostly community 

walk-in use with little room for parking.  There is a large adjacent athletic 

field that could be acquired for parking, but that would be unlikely.  It was 

unclear whether this station would be served additionally by NJT's Atlantic 

City Line trains. 

Pennsauken might not give up this ballfield...

So that more riders could be drawn from Delair, Palmyra, Cinnaminson and 

Willingboro, NJT should consider a park and ride station at Westfield Avenue 

in Pennsauken.  With just the three stations presently under consideration, it 

appears that the station near Route 73 would be the only one to offer 

substantial park and ride capacity.  

...but this factory would make a good park & ride station

There is an abundance of unused land at the Westfield Avenue rail crossing.  

An abandoned factory with two large parking lots is located at the site, and 

the property has been up for sale for the past two years.  Westfield Avenue is 

accessed directly and conveniently from Route 130.  Traffic flow is controlled 

by a light.  The one-third mile between the intersection and the rail crossing 

is a high capacity road.  A Westfield Avenue station could serve as a 

convenient park and ride for both the Burlington County and the Atlantic City 

trains. 

NJT shared new information with DVARP regarding the LRT option also under 

consideration.  In addition to providing a transfer at Camden Transportation 

Center for the Lindenwold Line, the LRT line(s) would travel down Mickle Blvd. 

to Camden's waterfront.  The Delaware River Port Authority (DRPA), PATCO's 

parent entity, is considering a new headquarters site at the waterfront and is 

interested in seeing further development there.

The April 1993 report projected LRT to carry 40% fewer riders than modified-

PATCO.  This is because the transfer and its related time costs discourages 

Philadelphia bound riders.  87% of the Lindenwold Line riders travel from 

southern New Jersey directly to Philadelphia; the same is expected with a one-

seat modified PATCO ride from Burlington or Gloucester Counties.  In an 

attempt to draw more Philadelphia-bound riders into the study's model, NJT is 

reviewing the impact of increasing the rush hour LRT frequency from the six 

consists an hour  examined in the initial study.  This may increase the 

ridership estimates but will also have a significant impact on operating 

costs.  NJT for the first time will also be considering riders' safety 

perceptions and their impact on ridership estimates.  These perceptions could 

have a major impact on estimates, particularly for those passengers requiring 

a transfer, especially at off-peak hours in downtown Camden.

PATCO now asserts that the Lindenwold Line as a closed system (no merging of 

new lines from the south or north) with modifications can operate at two 

minute headways, eight cars per train.  They still remain reluctant, however, 

about a three branch PATCO system because of the merging hassles.  

Nevertheless, the April 1993 report shows that a two-branch PATCO system is 

unquestionably feasible.  

The proposed Maple Shade station site

NJT is forming an advisory board to help the authority review the upcoming 

options and issues.  Michael D. DeCicco, Regional Manager for the NJT's Office 

of Urban & Community Relations, said that DVARP/ NJARP will be offered a seat 

on the board.

South Jersey DVARP members are encouraged to let DVARP officers and local 

public officials know whether they prefer a one-seat ride either to Camden's 

waterfront or to Center City Philadelphia.  Regardless of the rail mode, we 

need to encourage our local officials to press for "full length" service in 

Gloucester County to Glassboro and "full length" service in Burlington County 

to Mount Holly.

 

**Committee Presses Ocean City

The following letter appeared last month in the Sentinel-Ledger:

To the Editor:

It is with some dismay that I read an article, in your edition of June 11th, 

about the paving of Haven Avenue.  It refers to the railroad tracks as 

"obsolete."  Obsolete, by definition, means not only old, but also 

undesirable.  This is consistent with the anti-rail bias found in Ocean City.  

It is also unfortunate considering the adverse impact created by motor 

vehicles.  As the prospects for Ninth Street causeway renovation and possible 

construction of a fifth motor vehicle bridge become ever greater, it might be 

worthy to examine what Ocean City has lost.  A rail service, correctly 

structured and implemented, would have provided additional mobility at a 

lesser cost, relief for parking, and a reduction in pollution.

The beaches of Ocean City were restored at great expense to the New Jersey 

taxpayers.  Ocean City has continuously objected to restoration of passenger 

rail service, which would make it easier for some of these same taxpayers to 

travel to the beaches.  Passenger rail has been viewed as a valuable civic 

asset in many regions throughout the country during the last ten years. (In 

Los Angeles, $900 million was spent to restore a rail service that was 

abandoned in 1961.)  Ocean City ignores this trend with the removal of 

trackage on Haven Avenue.  The lack of rail service will be a detriment to 

Ocean City's future.  The relief to Haven Avenue residents is marginal at best 

when compared with the transportation needs of the region as a whole.

[Signed] William A. Ritzler

South Jersey Committee

Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers

 

**Light Rail Option for Newark-Elizabeth

NJ-ARP has proposed a new routing for the Newark-Elizabeth light rail project.  

When NJT discarded a monorail option in favor of light rail, the versatility 

of light rail made an on-street routing on Broad St. possible.  Eliminating 

the proposed elevated guideway in Newark is expected to save some $100-200 

million.  NJT says a portion of that savings could be used to extend the line 

south to Cranford and north to Nutley and Clifton using former freight tracks.  

The new route would also allow trolleys to use a long-forgotten tunnel into 

Penn Station.  That would not only cut traffic interference with the LRVs but 

also improve the connectivity of the system by making Penn Station rather than 

Orange St. the system hub.

 

*NJT Phillies Special

This year's final baseball train will be run from South Jersey to Vet Stadium 

on Sept. 26th for the Phillies-Atlanta Braves game.  For reservations phone 

NJT at 16093437162. The cost of $20 includes round-trip rail fare, game 

ticket and prizes. 

 

**ICE Metroliner Schedule

The German ICE train will be on exhibit in Washington Sept 25 and 26 for the 

5th anniversary of the Union Station renovations.

Next month, the ICE will operate Metroliner trains 112 and 223, the noon train 

out of Washington and the 4:30 express from New York.  From November 1 to 

December 17, it will operate trains 112 and 123, the 5:00 southbound 

Metroliner.  On selected Saturdays, October 23, November 6 and 20, and 

December 11, you will be able to ride the ICE train as Metroliners 206 and 

221, the 9:30 from Washington and the 5:30 from New York.  If you want to ride 

the ICE for yourself, call Amtrak at 1-800-USA-RAIL for reservations and to 

confirm schedules.

 

*Truck lobby targets Bob Borski

The trucking industry is hitching its desire to expand its profits by 

operating bigger and bigger trucks to the proposed NAFTA Free Trade Agreement.  

A recent media campaign tried to claim that Rep Bob Borski (D-Philadelphia) is 

anti-jobs because of his sponsorship of legislation fixing truck sizes at 

present levels.  Citizens came to Borski's defense, saying monster trucks en-

danger the safety of ordinary drivers and add millions of dollars to our road 

repair bills.  A union truck driver made the point that the triple-trailer 

rigs that the truck lobby wants nationwide would in fact reduce the number of 

drivers needed in over the road service; he added that even if freight shifts 

from the clogged highways to intermodal (piggyback) trains, truck drivers will 

still be needed to move the trailers from the rail yard to their final 

destination.

 

**Honor Roll

DVARP salutes Robert Harmon, of  Columbus, Ohio and Ben Stevens, of  Gaines-

ville, Florida.  They both completed the DVARP Grand Tour of SEPTA train and 

trolley lines while they attended the NMRA Convention in Valley Forge last 

month.

Belated thanks are due to John Hay and Donald Nigro, who also staffed the 

DVARP table at the convention.

 

**Fall Foliage Trips

Another beautiful autumn in our region will soon be upon us, and the best way 

to both see and preserve nature's beauty is to ride a train.  Fall foliage 

excursions are the highlight of every tourist railroad's year; below is a list 

of of operators in our area and some special trips this fall.  Don't forget 

you can also do-it-yourself with a trip on some of SEPTA's more scenic lines, 

like the R5 Doylestown or the Route 100 Norristown High-Speed Line.-MDM

 

Stony Creek Ramble II: Oct. 10, leaves 30th St. 9:20, and Norristown 11:00 to 

travel to Lansdale up the SEPTA-owned Stony Creek Branch and return to 

Philadelphia via the RailWorks detour route, with a run to Chestnut Hill East 

and back.   For tickets and information call 215-947-5769 evenings from 6 to 

10. Sponsored by National Railway Historical Society, Philadelphia Chapter.

 

United Railway Historical Society trip from Hoboken, NJ to Lackawaxen, PA: 

Oct. 16.  Info from URHS, W-11 Avon Drive, East Windsor, NJ 08520.

 

B&O Railroad Museum (Baltimore): special trips Oct. 16, 23.  Phone 410-752-

2393 for information.

 

Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania (Strasburg, PA) Railfest '93 trips:  Oct. 30-

31  phone 800-TRAIN-50

 

*Many of the following lines will also be offering autumn leaf trips:

Black River & Western (Ringoes and Lambertville, NJ)  908-782-9600

Blue Mountain & Reading  (Hamburg, PA) 215-562-2102

Chadds Ford and Brandywine (Chester County, PA)  215-793-3155

East Broad Top (Orbisonia, PA)  814-447-3011

New Hope & Ivyland  (New Hope, PA)  215-862-2332

Steamtown National Historic Site (Scranton, PA) 717-961-2034 

Strasburg RR  (Strasburg, PA) 717-687-6486

Wanamaker, Kempton and Southern (Kempton, PA) 215-756-6469

Western Maryland Scenic RR (Cumberland, MD) 800-TRAIN-50

Wilmington & Western RR  (Wilmington, DE)  302-998-1930

Penn's Landing Trolley (BVTA, Philadelphia) 215-627-0807

Rockhill Trolley Museum (Orbisonia, PA)  814-447-9576

Baltimore Streetcar Museum  (Baltimore) 410-547-0264

 

**Register Now for CETC Tour

DVARP has arranged for a special tour of the Centralized Electrification and 

Traffic Control Center, the nerve center of Amtrak's Northeast Corridor, prior 

to this month's  DVARP General Meeting.  

You must pre-register in order to join the tour.  Contact Bob Machler 

immediately by DVARP voice-mail, 215-222-3373, message box 6.  Those who have 

registered should meet at 11:00 in front of the Passenger Services Office at 

30th Street.

 

**NJT Rep to Speak on Burlington-Gloucester Corridor Assessment

DVARP's October General Meeting in Collingswood will feature a presentation 

from New Jersey Transit on the possibility of restored rail services to 

Burlington and Gloucester Counties.  The meeting will be held at the 

Collingswood Library October 16.

 

**NJ-ARP to Meet in Princeton

The Annual General Meeting of New Jersey ARP will be October 9 from 10:30 to 

4:00 at the Nassau Inn in Princeton.  Guest speakers will include Harriet 

Parcells of NARP and James Schwartzwalder of NJ Transit.  Also on the agenda 

are presentation of the Advocate for Rail Transit award and elections.  The 

registration fee of $25.00 includes a buffet lunch and afternoon coffee.  

Contact NJ-ARP at 450 Seventh St, #1E, Hoboken NJ  07030 for more details.

 

**Train Show Volunteers Wanted

DVARP is planning to have information tables at several upcoming train shows, 

to remind members of the public who like trains that they can do quite a lot 

to support passenger rail service in their community.   

If you'd like to spend some time talking with your neighbors at one of these 

shows, call DVARP's Volunteer Coordinator: Betsey Clark, at 215-222-3373, 

message box 4.

 

**Rail Standards Committee

Dr. Ernest Cohen is seeking volunteers who are interested in developing a 

white paper on the need for uniform standards in future rail systems.  The aim 

of this paper is not to propose any standards, but to define the interfaces 

for which standards would be desired.  People with technical backgrounds are 

especially wanted.  The project should take about 3 to 4 months.  Phone Dr. 

Cohen at 215-352-2689 or write to him at 525 Midvale Rd. Upper Darby, PA  

19082.

 

**Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban Station 

or Market East Station.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Sept. 15, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 to 

5:30 pm at 69th St. Terminal, 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown Transportation 

Center

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Sept. 18, 9:00 to 10:15 at 104 Edison 

Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

DVARP Tour of Amtrak CETC Facility:  Sat., Sept. 18, 11:00 at 30th St. 

Station.  Registration required, phone 215-222-3373, message box 6 to 

register.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Sept. 18, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at Temple Univ. Center 

City, 1616 Walnut St.

Temple University Station Opening:  Tues., Sept. 21, 4:30 to 8:00 pm., 10th 

St. and Columbia Ave.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Sept. 21, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board 

Room, 714 Market St.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Sept. 23, 3:00 at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market 

St., 3rd Floor, Philadelphia

Deadline for October newsletter material:  Fri. Sept. 24 to Matthew Mitchell 

or in DVARP mailbox.

Trolleyfest '93: Sat. and Sun., Oct. 2-3.  See page 6 for more information, or 

call DVARP, SEPTA, or Philadelphia Trolley Coalition.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Oct. 7, 6:30 pm at Stationmaster's 

Office, Wilmington Station.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

DVARP Transit Committee: Sat., Oct 9, 1:00 at Fern Rock Transportation Center, 

upper level waiting area

New Jersey ARP Annual Meeting:  Sat., Oct. 9, 10:00 at Nassau Inn, Princeton.  

See details above.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Oct. 9, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 

Chestnut St., Phila.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Oct. 16, 1:00 to 4:00 at Collingswood Public 

Library, 771 Haddon Ave., Collingswood, NJ.  Guest speaker from NJ Transit.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  TBA, call Joel Spivak, 755-7717 for time and 

place.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm 

time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.

 

**Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

 

*'Covered Wagons' to Roll Out

MARC will be buying more rebuilt GP40 locomotives to replace its classic  F 

and E units and to provide for continuing ridership growth.

 

*Iron City Info

The Pittsburgh PAT budget maintains fares and service, but assumes that the 

Pennsylvania state government will provide full funding.  PAT's light rail 

service is on the diversion route while work is being done on the transit 

tunnel.  PAT is suing Siemens-Duewag, maker of its LRVs, over alleged 

reliability problems.

 

*T Time on Boston North Shore?

MBTA is considering rail transit improvements to Lynn, Salem, and Peabody.  A 

Blue Line branch is possible, but a rider group advocates improved commuter 

rail via the third harbor tunnel instead.  A third option is an Orange Line 

branch via Chelsea.   The new Greenbush line is being delayed because of some 

local opposition.  An environmental alternatives study should show that rail 

will cause the least disruption to communities.  

MBTA commuter rail is keeping new Sunday service on three south-side lines, 

started on an experimental basis last year.  On the Red Line, a pair of new 

prototype cars are in test service.

 

*Newark Penn Station Upscales

NJ Transit is expecting to cap off its renovation of.Newark's Penn Station 

with an upscale restaurant in a portion of the present waiting area.  It's 

expected to open sometime in 1994.

 

*NYC Notes

The TA has proposed a renovation of Times Square subway station (which serves 

lines: S,1,2, 3,9,7,N, and R) which will include wheelchair access throughout, 

clearer sightlines for better security, and new retail spaces.

Metro-North has finished replacement of catenary poles on the New York segment 

of the New Haven line.  Concrete ties are being being installed on the Harlem 

Line.

Metro-North also released a report recommending that a belt line connecting 

the Hudson, Harlem and New Haven lines not be built because only 15 percent of 

inter-suburb commuters would use it.. 

 

**DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory

  DVARP main number (voice mail line)      215-222-3373 

1  Chuck Bode, President      215-222-3373 

5  Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation      215-552-4198 

6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration      215-222-3373 

5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations      215-386-2644

3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor       215-885-7448

4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator      215-222-3373 

8  Treasurer      215-222-3373

2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.      215-659-7736 (6 to 9 pm please)

3  Transit Committee      215-222-3373 

7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committee      609-869-0020

Computer e-mail address (internet)     iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu

 

**Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, September 18, 1:00 to 4:00     Temple Univ. Center City, 

     1616 Walnut St., Philadelphia, Room 302

Please check board in lobby for meeting room change.

Smoking, food, drinks prohibited in meeting room.

Tour of Amtrak's CETC Facility before meeting

     see page 14 for details and registration information

 

*Saturday, October 16, 1:00 to 4:00     Collingswood Public Library

Special presentation by NJ Transit on Burlington-Gloucester Corridor 

Assessment

 

*Saturday, November 20, 12:00 to 3:00     Lansdale Public Library

 

*Agenda for the September meeting:

1:00 Introductions, agenda, minutes

1:15 Issues requiring immediate action:

     Trolley Festival

     Other outreach events

2:00 Other issues

     Commuter Rail Committee:

          RRD service and schedules

     Transit Committee:

          Market-Frankford cars

          Intermodal fares

     South Jersey Committee:

          Burlington-Gloucester Corridor

     Administration:

          Incorporation update

          By-laws and policies, 

          Computer and other equipment

          New committees

 

*Committee Meetings:

South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Sept. 18, 9:00 at 104 Edison Ave., 

Collingswood, NJ

Transit Committee:  Sat., Oct. 2, 1:00 at Fern Rock Trans. Center, upper level 

waiting area

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Oct. 9, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 

Chestnut St.

 


