The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger April  1993 Vol. XI, No. 4

 

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the

interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present

and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern

Pennsylvania, southern New  Jersey, and nearby areas.

 

For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA  19101 215-222-3373 President: Chuck Bode

  for other officers and committee chairs, see page 11

 

The electronic edition of this newsletter is provided as a service to the

net community by DVARP, through the cooperation of Geert K. Marien, owner

of the Railroad List. Send comments and suggestions to Matthew Mitchell at

iekp898@tjuvm.bitnet Back issues of this newsletter can be obtained from

the LISTSERV at CUNYVM.  For an index, "Tell LISTSERV at CUNYVM INDEX

RAILNEWS" You can support our continuing efforts to both improve our public

transit service and keep you informed by joining DVARP.  Introductory

membership for the rest of 1993 is $10.00.  Send your check to the above

address

 

Schedule Change Alert:  SEPTA bus and trolley schedule changes postponed to

April 11. Amtrak and commuter rail schedules change and RailWorks( service

disruptions will resume on May 2.

 

Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger... 1     SEPTA proposes changes

in RRD fare procedures, market-savvy fare increases. 2     Center City

trains for RailWorks look probable, top ten tips for the rest of us. 3

Big storm halts everyone but PATCO. 4     On the Railroad Lines:  Shuttle

April 17-18, N-5 Car makes its debut, NJT 30th St-AC schedules. 5     SEPTA

HQ deal may sour; Board OKs bus ads, privatization of new route. 6     Time

to rethink RRD schedules, through service. 8     SEPTA marketing alliances

with Phillies, Ballet; Phans to ride NJT. 9     Clean air enforcers pick

DVARP plan, celebrate at DVARP's first-ever happy hour! 10     Important

state and Federal transportation meetings this month. 10-11     Dates of

Interest, Up and Down the Corridor, Membership Coupon, DVARP Directory

entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP, except photos (C) 1993 credited

photographers Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are

not necessarily those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments:

call 215-222-3373

 

SEPTA Pulls the Plug on Fare Experiment by Matthew Mitchell After four

years pretending that commuter rail is rapid transit, SEPTA will go back to

normal railroad on-board fare policies.  DVARP welcomes the proposal, which

will stop penalizing passengers who have no choice but to pay their fare on

board the  train.  Two proposed tariffs are up for consideration.  One

completely scraps the "transitized" fare structure and replaces it with a

$3.00 penalty on fares from stations where tickets were available, the

other keeps the existing fares at Center  City stations, on the R5 Paoli

line, and at the Airport, Trenton, and Wilmington. +Trenton, Airport fares

to increase? SEPTA's proposal also calls for very selective fare increases,

targeted at markets where competing transportation providers are much more

expensive.  Trenton will be relocated to Zone 6, whose off-peak fare will

be increased to $4.00.  Peak hour  single tickets for Zones 5 and 6 will be

increased by 25c.  Commuters who use weekly or monthly passes will not face

a fare increase, though. Other increases were also aimed at Airport riders.

 The through fare to points outside of Center City will go up to a flat

$6.00.  DayPass rates will increase to $5.00, equal to the regular Airport

fare.  Sources say SEPTA will adjust machines so  passengers boarding at

the Airport will receive a DayPass. +Additional improvements proposed The

SEPTA plan also calls for a new ten-trip senior citizen fare for off-peak

trains, saving riders $1.50 over the present fare. This will add

convenience while reducing the amount of cash crews have to handle.  For

the youngest passengers, SEPTA  proposes to set up a consistent 50c

children's fare on weekends on both the railroad and transit divisions.

+photo Ticket machines like this one have been out of service for over a

year.       Photo: Tom Borawski SEPTA Proposes Tariff Changes continued

from page 1 There are some onerous parts to the SEPTA proposal though.  A

misguided attempt to control fare evasion would slap a three dollar penalty

on passengers who ride beyond the zone of their ticket or pass without

informing the conductor.  While this  seems like a good idea on paper, in

practice it may cause a lot of problems like transitized fares did.  The

1989 tariffs built a penalty into all extension fares, so the new plan

would add a penalty to a penalty.  (SEPTA didn't retain the Conrail

practice of selling tickets of a specific dollar value for use in extension

and setp-up fares)   The better idea is for management to make sure that

train crews do their job right in the first place instead of making the

passengers pay for On the transit side, recent changes in Suburban Transit

fare zones will be formally included in the route tariffs.  Management also

seeks to expand its tariff allowing temporary "fare sales" for promotional

purposes to encompass test-marketing of  new services as well. A hearing on

the tariffs was scheduled for April 5, but due to the short notice and the

religious holidays, DVARP is asking for the record to be open for written

comments until the 15th.  You can address your comments to the Hearing

Examiner c/o  Mary Donahue, SEPTA, 714 Market St., Philadelphia, 19107.

 

 

RailWorks( Direct Service: Two Trains? by Matthew Mitchell Reliable sources

tell DVARP that SEPTA will make a partial concession to passengers

demanding an alternative to four months of uncomfortable and unreliable

subway connections during phase 2 of the $354 million RailWorks( project.

One train each  will operate from Lansdale and West Trenton to 30th Street

Station via the detour route proposed by DVARP. While the partial service

will keep some people from quitting the railroad, and slightly ease the

pressure on the subway, it won't retain as many passengers as the more

complete service DVARP proposed in 1991.  So the long-term health of the

railroad will still be in jeopardy.

 

+Ridge subway to keep going The Daily News reports that Broad-Ridge subway

service to 8th and Market Sts. will remain in operation during RailWorks.

A new loop track is being constructed on the east side of Fern Rock yard to

allow trains to bypass the North tunnel portal at  Fern Rock.  Traffic jams

there caused frequent delays to subway service.  Last year, Ridge service

was shut down when a signal failure closed the upper deck at Erie, giving

Spur trains no place to turn around.

 

+RailWorks Guide Available from DVARP Surviving the Shutdown, the DVARP

guide published last year, is still available.  In it you'll find a map of

City Hall subway station and tips on how to avoid crowds and get to your

destination as quickly as possible. You'll also get money-saving

alternatives and a rundown on fare-handling procedures.  To get your copy

of the RailWorks guide, send a large stamped, self-addressed envelope to

DVARP, Box 7505, Philadelphia, 19101.

 

+And now from the head office in Philadelphia, here's ... The Top 10

RailWorks Tips 10. Try to relax; it will be over by September. 9. Get up

very early if you want to park at Fern Rock or Chestnut Hill. 8. Carry

$5.00 bills or SBA dollar coins for ticket vending machines, and small

change for the phone when your connection gets missed. 7. Check out the 22

and 55 buses for a cheaper ride which may closer to your home. 6. Use the

Broad Street Subway local or Ridge Ave. trains for the least crowding. 5.

Don't wait around downtown; take the first available train to Fern Rock. 4.

Read The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger for latest RailWorks news. 3.

Travel light and wear shoes you can stand comfortably in for long periods.

2. Walk all the way to the front of Broad Street Subway trains when

traveling south to Center City; you'll find more seats there. And the

number one way to make your RailWorks commute easier...     (drum

 roll!) 1. Use Walnut-Locust instead of City Hall! Apologies to David

Letterman

 

 

Blizzard Snarls Railroad     by Tom Borawski It was called "the storm of

the century" and "a hurricane with snow."  Last month's storm brought over

a foot of snow to the region and covered it with a thick layer of ice,

conditions that would bring even the best-managed transit agencies to their

 knees.  How did ours make out? SEPTA kept most of its commuter rail lines

going through most of Saturday while the snow fell, but switches froze up

and SEPTA brought an orderly halt to service at 7 pm.  The closing was

announced well in advance to avoid stranding passengers, a  good job by

SEPTA's media relations staff. +photos:  An R5 Lansdale train makes it

through the storm... ...but Sunday trains were cancelled! Cleaning crews

had to be stationed at key SEPTA interlockings to help the oil-fired switch

heaters clear ice out.  One exception was at 16th Street (North Broad)

where the new electric heaters seemed to be working without human

intervention-a  RailWorks(C) improvement.  One wonders how the story of the

storm of the decade would have ended if instead of RailWorks(C) money going

to a $37M Temple station, $7M was spent on station and $30M in interlocking

improvements. Yet another question remains which goes beyond the issue of

infrastructure:  On the day after the blizzard, why was Amtrak able to run

limited service to Paoli and Harrisburg while SEPTA canceled all Sunday

service after 10 am?  News reports had  SEPTA blaming snow dumped on its

yards, but firsthand observation showed no accumulations other than what

Mother Nature put there. Both of SEPTA's new diesel engines were safely

sleeping at the Wayne Shops, engines dead, snow piling on them.

Apparently, if power was lost Saint Bernards would be sent out to fetch the

trains.  Since SEPTA has no four wheel drive shuttle busses  and the only

vehicles on the roads were snowmobiles  it would seem prudent to have had

the diesels on standby.

 But after the Governor closed all major highways, with airports closed to

traffic,  with snow 3 inches over the railhead, SEPTA Regional Rail got

this writer home.

 

+Transit Weathers Storm Subway and elevated riders were among the few

Philadelphians who were able to get around in the snow and ice last month.

As is often the case, PATCO deserves a lot of credit for quietly doing its

job despite difficult conditions.  SEPTA kept the  Broad Street subway

running throughout, while the elevated lines shut down mid-afternoon on

Saturday and reopened Sunday morning. Light rail fared better than buses,

both in the city and suburbs, but drifting snow closed the Norristown

High-Speed Line for three days as SEPTA no longer has a functional sweeper.

 SEPTA bus routes were shut down one-by-one Saturday, and only a  skeleton

service ran Sunday.  Half the CTD lines remained out of action Monday &

Tuesday too. Suburban service operated by SEPTA, NJ Transit, and DART came

back close to normal on Monday, as suburban municipalities did a more

effective job clearing the roads. Snow removal at SEPTA statons varied in

its effectiveness.  Glenside was cleared quickly while Fort Washington

remained impassible. Snowplowing is the responsibility of private

contractors, so if you let SEPTA know how your station was, they can  keep

the good ones and drop the bad.-MDM

 

 

On the Railroad Lines... OYR Bridge to Go In 4/17-18 Shuttle buses will

replace trains from Fern Rock to Jenkintown on the R1 Glenside, R2

Warminster, R3 West Trenton, and R5 Doylestown lines the weekend of April

17 and 18.  Contractors will be rolling in the new bridge over Old York

Road. Information received by DVARP says that most trains will leave

Jenkintown 20 minutes behind the usual schedule and run 20 minutes ahead of

schedule on the southbound trip, but affected riders should watch out for

SEPTA flyers with official  information.

 

R5 Cooperation = Safety Kudos to Amtrak for giving the OK for installation

of a gate in the fence at Bryn Mawr. Now passengers can get to the Central

Bar and Grille without having to negotiate the dangerous crossing of Morris

Ave.

 

R7 Will SEPTA Fix Connection? Bridge repair work on the Northeast Corridor

near Newark will continue into the summer, so NJ Transit weekend schedules

will allow extra time for southbound NEC trains.  There is no excuse for

SEPTA not making sure that next month's new schedules  retime inbound R7

trains and restore the connection broken last fall.  Ridership has fallen

because passengers must either risk missing their train or plan a 50 minute

layover at Trenton.

 

CTD New Schedule Chaos The transit schedule change originally scheduled for

April 4 has been postponed by at least a week.  Timetables dated April 4 or

March 28 will now take effect on the 11th, but if last-minute changes are

made, look for new schedules with a *. Vehicle operators report utter chaos

in the run-picking process (operators choose runs by seniority), with

management cancelling at least one scheduled pick.  Further delays in the

changeover are possible.

 

100 N-5 Car Finally in Service Now more than 2 years late, prototype

Norristown car #451 entered regular passenger service without fanfare last

month.  Experience gained in almost a year's testing of the car will be

used to specify changes to the remaining 25 cars. +Rules Crackdown Red

Arrow management announced a new get-tough policy on passenger violations

of SEPTA rules, especially those prohibiting food on board the vehicles.

Hazards including rat infestations and at least one fire on board an NHSL

train were cited in a  letter to passengers.  The P&W vies with the

R7-Trenton for the title of SEPTA's trashiest line. +Red Arrow Report: STD

management has responded to DVARP concerns over the failure of emergency

lighting systems to work during the 69th Street blackout in December.

Generator failure was blamed; the system has been repaired and tested.  A

February  letter to riders apologized for the blackout.

 

NJ Transit AC Line Schedule DVARP has obtained tentative schedules for the

extension of Atlantic City trains to Philadelphia.  Schedules are geared

towards commuters who work in AC, so they aren't as convenient for

Philadelphia commuters.

     Weekdays-subject to change

     AC      CH      30th     30th     CH      AC

     4:42     5:47     ---     ---     5:16     6:24

     6:18     7:19     7:50     ---     6:02     7:15

     7:06     L8:04     ---     6:50     7:15     8:25

     8:43     9:47     10:16     ---     L8:17     9:18

     1:31     2:31     3:01     9:50     10:14     11:22

     2:43     L3:41     ---     1:40     2:05     3:17

     4:31     5:37     ---     ---     L4:01     5:06

     5:39     6:47     7:18     4:41     5:06     6:14

     6:44     7:49     ---     ---     6:01     7:19

     8:45     9:54     ---     ---     8:06     9:18

     10:45     11:50     12:19     8:40     9:05     10:13

     12:45     1:46     2:15     ---     10:13     11:21

     Weekends-subject to change

     AC      CH      30th     30th     CH      AC

     4:42     5:47     ---     ---     5:16     6:24 XH     6:18     L7:11

   ---     ---     6:02     7:14

     7:06     8:04     8:41     XH---     L7:23     8:25

     8:43     9:47     10:16     7:43     8:08     9:18 XH     9:54

11:07     ---     9:50     10:14     11:22

     1:31     2:31     3:01     XH---     12:25     1:34

     2:42     L3:40     ---     1:41     2:06     3:18

     4:31     5:37     ---     ---     L4:01     5:06

     5:39     6:47     7:18     4:41     5:06     6:14

     6:44     7:49     ---     ---     6:01     7:19

     8:45     9:54     ---     ---     8:06     9:18

     10:45     11:50     12:19     8:40     9:05     10:13

     12:45     1:46     2:15     ---     10:13     11:21 CH-Cherry Hill

L-train terminates/originates Lindenwold XH-will not run on holidays

 

 

SEPTA HQ Deal May Fold Two weeks after the SEPTA Board voted to buy 1234

Market St. (the PSFS building) for SEPTA's new headquarters, a key player

is pulling out of the deal.  Mellon Bank has an option to purchase the

building from the FDIC as part of its takeover of the  failed Meritor Corp.

 If Mell on doesn't exercise the option, FDIC may solicit bids for the

property. This may or may not be bad for SEPTA.  At least one potential

bidder, the Binswanger Company, says it will offer the building to SEPTA

for two million dollars less than the cost of the present deal.  But the

prospect of SEPTA going to its back-up  site, 1650 Arch St. (the former

CIGNA building) is growing. +Board withstands pressure The headquarters

decision was a key test of new Board Chairman Thomas Hayward.  According to

news accounts in the Philadelphia Business Journal and the Inquirer, it

seems that SEPTA Treasurer Feather Houstoun and the Board kept their word

and made  the site decision strictly on economic grounds. The Inquirer

reported that real estate developer Richard Rubin sought to scuttle SEPTA's

original plan to have a new building constructed atop Gallery II, as a

means of eliminating a competitor to his 6 Penn Center site.  The report

says Rubin persuaded City Council to  oppose the original plan to have the

City rent the top four floors of the Gallery building until SEPTA needed

them. A study estimating annual occupancy costs was prepared for the Board,

and the lowest-cost option was the PSFS building, mainly because of

potential rental income from space in the building surplus to SEPTA's

needs. This still doesn't mean that buying an office  building is the best

route for SEPTA.  The question of the Railroad Control Center remains,

among others.  DVARP will continue to scrutinize the facts as they are

revealed.-MDM

 

Marlboro Man to Ride SEPTA The SEPTA Board approved an advertising contract

which will allow limited cigarette and alcohol ads to grace the sides of

SEPTA buses.  The contract limits the smoke and booze ads to 20% of the

total.  It is estimated that SEPTA will receive $3.75  million per year

from the contract, according to the Inquirer. The argument that the ads

victimized poor city neighborhoods already plastered with illegal

billboards was somewhat mollified by the fact that Marlboro man will be

riding the Neoplan bronco into the suburbs as well. The advertising is not

the old billboard-in-a-metal-frame type but is an adhesive decal placed on

the side of the vehicle, less susceptible to vandalism.  That and the cost

of installing and maintaining the signs added to aesthetic considerations

in

 SEPTA's previous decisions not have the ads.-TB

 

A Step Towards Privatization A private bus company will run SEPTA's new

Route 131, but private bidders were unable to undercut SEPTA's cost of

operating Lower Bucks bus service.  A start date for the new rush-hour

route hasn't been announced. Krapf's Coaches won a contract to provide

joint SEPTA-DelDOT service from Wilmington to West Chester, promising a

cost 0.8 percent lower than SEPTA's Suburban Division.  This is SEPTA's

first privatized fixed-route service.  Paratransit service has  been

provided by outside companies since its inception. Four bidders offered to

run routes 127-130, but none were able to meet the complicated

specifications issued by SEPTA at a low-enough cost.  While the complex

contract may make for service that meshes smoothly with existing SEPTA

routes, it also  reduced the opportunity for contractors to maximize

efficiency.  Menwhile, TWU leaders are fighting privatization of new or

existing routes; which could open jobs to members of other unions, or to

non-union labor.

 

Germantown to Hold Mothballed Vehicles SEPTA officials announced at a

community meeting that once operations out of Germantown District are

relocated to other depots, the facility will be used to store unneeded

buses and trackless trolleys, thus reducing activity there and reducing the

 impact on the neighborhood, which had long complained about noise, fumes,

and traffic. Under pressure from the City and DVARP, SEPTA did an

about-face from its plan to close Luzerne Depot.  SEPTA will relocate a

maintenance training program to Germantown and keep its around-the-clock

security patrols.

 

Undercofler leaves Board Former Chairman J. Clayton Undercofler's place on

the SEPTA Board has been taken by Karen Martynick, a Chester County

Commissioner.  This may foretell a more active approach on transit by the

County, a good idea in light of rapid and sometimes  unmanaged growth

there.

 

 

A New RRD Off-Peak Plan by John Pawson Travel experiences of DVARP members

and comments heard from other passengers lead us reluctantly to conclude

that off-peak RRD train service has become uncompetitive with the use of

the automobile for travel to Center City. Once again in January 1993,

Regional Rail patronage was down.  (-7.7% systemwide compared to January

1992 despite the beginnings of economic recovery)  Average weekday losses

on the Reading side, impacted by RailWorks, range from 15 to 28 percent.

These are after four months of restored service, and appear all but

irreversible if the current service structure continues.  They suggest that

once people were forced to drive, or do business elsewhere than Center

City, their new alternative proved

 to be faster, more reliable, and subject to less personal hassles. Let's

first consider speed.  SEPTA us the slowest US commuter railroad system, at

about 24 mph.  The nation's average commuter train speed, according to

Federal statistics, is 32 mph.  Would-be passengers, of course, don't use

calculators to  determine whether the trains' speed is satisfactory or not.

 They try the service, and apparently find it too time-consuming.

"Too-slow" or "too many stops," we're told.  Anything over a half-hour or

twelve stops is regarded as "tiresome." On the other hand, completion of

"missing links" in our comparatively sparse regional expressway system

appear to have made most parts of the region accessible off-peak to Center

City in 45 minutes or less.  Interestingly, that is the time  traditionally

allowed for driving from the inner suburbs to City Hall via the major

highways.  Why are the Lansdales and Paolis now effectively as close as the

Jenkintowns and the Bryn Mawrs? Used together, outer arterials, parts of

the Blue Route,  and the Route 202 expressway, etc. now divert the

outer-area travellers from their former routes.  Lansdale may be almost as

short a drive to Center City as Jenkintown; but on the train, it's

 26 minutes longer!  The farther out one goes, the less competitive the

train becomes. So there is an urgent need to speed up train service,

especially to the more distant points.  Indeed, many of those areas have

become more populous that the traditionally well-served inner suburbs.  The

four stops regarded as the most important of  the Reading side of the

system, Melrose Park through Glenside, serve a tributary population of but

40,000 people.  Many of those passengers are "drive-ins" who have been

frustrated by the train travel time from their home stations.  They have

the  Route 309 expressway to get them to Jenkintown station.  The next ten

R5 stations (North Hills-Lansdale) serve 150,000 people, and the Doylestown

branch adds another 70,000.  Effectively serving this large outlying

population with short travel time  mandates a separation of the present

service into inner-local and outer-express service, off-peak and peak.

+Example: Doylestown RRD's most time-consuming run is from Suburban Station

to Doylestown, 79 minutes.  While the average speed is better than other

lines (27 mph), it is too slow.  On this route, like others, the perceptive

passenger can notice the major causes of that

 slowness:  long station stops downtown, slow running though some areas,

stops at odd points to pick up railroad employees, too many stops in areas

with other available SEPTA services, and often-long waits for the meet

between trains at Forest Park  siding. None of these causes of slowness is

inevitable: 1. Long waits downtown:  It only takes a train 2.0 minutes to

travel from Suburban Station to Market East, but schedules allow 5 minutes.

 If they left Suburban Station on time, trains stand for three minutes at

Market East.  The present plan for  through service from one side pads

downtown schedules to improve the on-time percentage on the other.  If

services on the two halves of the sy stem were separated, two minutes could

be saved. 2. Slow running:  All railroads have speed restrictions

necessitated by repair work, switches or sharp curves.  In practice,

though, RRD's restrictions seem to be exaggerated, and remain in force

after the need is gone.  Instead of moving trains out

 smartly, employees often feel no need to get to their destination: an

attitude quite noticeable to the passengers. 3. Even in the peak hours,

some trains make three stops in the Wayne Junction vicinity!  One to board

passengers, one to pick up employees at Wayne Shops or Roberts Yard, and

one to pick up train orders at Wayne Tower.  Operating rule books used to

place severe restrictions on employee stops.  If the railroad is operated

for the convenience of the passengers instead of the convenience of SEPTA,

then employees will walk a hundred yards or so to the station platform.

Northbound trains get orders at 30th Street; money would be saved as well

as  time if southbounds were to receive orders there or by radio. 4. Stops

in the transit zone take about a minute each, including allowance for

braking and acceleration.  If Doylestown trains ran nonstop between Market

East and the first stop on the branch, North Hills, 6 minutes could be

saved. 5. Meets:  Before the Doylestown and Paoli runs were merged in 1984,

trains ran from Lansdale to Doylestown in 19 minutes.  Today's meets at

Forest Park appear the be the inevitable consequence of linking the two

runs; and the segment requires 25  minutes to operate. Total savings:  14

minutes; Doylestown to Philadelphia becomes a 65-minute trip.  More

importantly, the range of a half-hour journey is extended from North Hills

to Pennlyn; of a 45 minute journey from Gwynedd Valley to Fortuna.  Perhaps

when the  speed limit between Lansdale and Doylestown is increased from 40

mph to 60 or 70, and then junctions are properly rebuilt, Doylestown will

be less than an hour from Suburban Station.  In 1975, the slowest train

from Doylestown to Reading Terminal  took 70 minutes, the same time as

todays expresses. But the real point is if there is the will to improve the

service, a significant reduction in running times could be achieved

immediately. +Reliability: another benefit SEPTA's Chuck Thomas once told

the Board that the three attributes in which RRD needs the most improvement

are "reliability, reliability, reliability."  The market place is full of

"type A personalities" who demand predictable performance if they  are to

use public transportation at all.  RRD can be made more punctual by

identifying and treating the causes of late running: Since the 1984 merger

of Pennsy and Reading lines, officials have complained that trains made

late on one side of the system continue running late on the other side, and

delay additional trains as well.  Symbolic values like "welding the region

together" must yield to pragmatism if the service is to become more

marketable. The worst case of cascading problems is on the Trenton line.

NJ Transit delays lead to SEPTA trains being held at Trenton and running

late all the way to Chestnut Hill East.  In addition, passengers on this

line leave much more trash than those on  any other.    All of those

conditions call for separating the Trenton service from all the others at

the next schedule change.  RRD recently separated the other line which

operates over Amtrak's Northeast Corridor (Wilmington); Paoli should follow

 too.  All separated routes should serve all three Center City stations.

Pennsy trains can turn in the center tracks at Market East, Reading trains

on the six tracks at 30th Street. 2.  The flow of trains through Center

City must be quick and regular.  The slack in schedules at Market East has

consequential effects of delaying following trains and limiting track

capacity in Center City. 3.  Too many stops on the Market East-Glenside

trunk line hinders reliability because passenger, mechanical, and

electrical problems tend to manifest themselves at or near station stops.

If a train is to have trouble, better it happens on the  branch lines.

Trains should also be properly "fleeted" when running over the trunk:

expresses followed by stopping trains. Another need not met by current

scheduling is that for timely Center City arrivals and departures.

Travelers tend to have a time goal when they go to Center City.  To a

lesser extent, they want to leave Center City at predictable times.  The

meetings, concerts, appointments, etc. we go to tend to start on the hour.

Arrival times of trains must reflect the fact that we are "creatures of the

clock." Before the systems were merged, the heavily-patronized Paoli line

had the optimal arrival times of 40 past and 10 past the hour, allowing 15

minutes for the passenger to walk to his or her destination and five

minutes margin in case of lateness.  No

 such margin is needed for the homeward trip, so the Paoli Locals

(according to Christopher Morley's poem) favored departures at 15 and 45.

On the Reading, the hourly express trains that once ran to New York set all

schedule patterns.  All electric trains were scheduled in each direction to

feed those expresses at the junction stations.  Something of this tradition

remains in the R6  Norristown schedule, a very inconvenient "53" arrival

and "55" departure at Suburban Station. For those lines which justify only

hourly off-peak service, the timetables should have a group of trains

arriving Center City from both sides of the system in the third quarter of

the hour, and departing near the beginning of the second quarter.   Once

arrived, trains would wait at downtown terminal for about a half-hour, then

return to their starting point.  Through running is only feasible where two

trains per hour are to be operated. This two-pulses-per hour service plan

has some secondary benefits, too.  Airport trains and downtown feeder buses

can effectively be operated, meeting all the trains.  Persons who live

along different lines can meet downtown without one or more  having an

excessive wait either for the others to arrive or for their return train.

Altogether, more timely scheduling creates a more people-oriented service,

the kind of thing that sells every kind of good and service today. Next

month, we will depict the present schedule structure and develop a new

off-peak schedule that observe the principles above.  Reform of the peak

service will be tackled later.  In the meantime, the Commuter Rail

Committee welcomes your comments.

 

Social Hour! Time to take a break from fighting SEPTA and the highway

lobby?  Join DVARP members at a happy hour at The Aztec Club, Delaware Ave.

and Spring Garden St. (Frankford El to Spring Garden) Friday, April 30 from

6:00 to 7:30 pm.  Hors d'oeuvres and  drinks are on the house!

 

Delaware Transportation Fair Once again, Delaware will celebrate Try

Transit Week with a display of transportation alternatives.  Along with

representatives from our sister organization, Delmarva Rail Passenger

Association, you'll be able to see displays from DART and a big  model

railroad exhibit, and take free rides on both a train and the cruise ship

Miss Kathy.

 

Amtrak/Tank Truck Accident Don't stop on the tracks! A terrible accident

ocurred when an Amtrak train struck a tanker truck on a grade crossing in

Florida.  The driver said he was blocked by the grossing gates, but it was

soon learned traffic was backed up from a nearby light, and he had stopped

his  truck on the tracks, which is against the law.  So like most of these

accidents, the driver was to blame. Do you have a dangerous crossing like

that in your town?  Remind local government officials about the stupidity

of some drivers, and ask them to have signs posted saying "No stopping on

railroad crossing."-MDM

 

Amtrak Opens New Shops Most of the new shops at 30th Street Station have

been open several weeks, but a grand opening celebration will be held by

Amtrak on April 24.  Taste the coffee, cheese, fish, candy, pastry, and

other good things you'll find at the station, and  you'll find yourself

planning a quick stop there to shop on your way home every day!-MDM Tour

the X2000 Another highlight of the day will be an e xhibit of the X2000

train, now in test service on Metroliner runs (see Feb., March DVRP)

 

RailReading: LRV Lemons The current issue of Locomotive and Railway

Preservation includes an excellent review of the Boeing LRV; the ill-fated

high-tech trolley.  The mechanical problems which plague the cars are

explained clearly, and the fate of the cars in Boston and  San Francisco is

discussed.-MDM

 

Pennsylvania Issues Trip Reduction Rules The Department of Environmental

Resources has released proposed standards for employer reduction of

commuter auto use, a plan which looks quite like the one DVARP proposed in

the public hearing process last year.  (see November 92 DVRP)  DVARP

sought goals which would recognize that downtown areas already make more

efficient use of transportation resources, but not absolve them of

responsibility for further improvement.  The final plan divides the region

into zones based not on city/suburb boundaries, but on level of

development.  A goal of 10 percent reduction in auto use is set for the

Center City/University area, building up to 28% in the most sprawled

suburban areas. Now DER must implement and enforce the regulations, and not

knuckle under to businesses crying doom and gloom about the law and

implying that there is something unamerican about not driving a car to

work.  As we said here in December, savvy  businesses will find they can

save money, by ending their subsidies to drivers.  Fortunately, the hammer

of Federal law is on our side.  States in violation can lose highway and

other transportation funding, but auto-industrial complex lobbyists  would

love to have the law delayed as much as fuel economy laws have been.

+Delaware needs a plan The State of Delaware has been notified that its

application for DART operating funds is threatened by the state's failure

to meet the Clean Air Act timetable for creating an employer trip reduction

plan.  The Diamond State is further behind than  many others, but serious

work is beginnning in Dover.  The plan must cover both New Castle and Kent

counties. +First Clean Air Act route A suburban pharmaceutical company,

Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, will be contributing $10,000 towards a pilot bus route

running from the Route 29/422 corridor to Philadelphia according to the

Inquirer.  The bus is to be called route 125-A.  The company is  betting

that the bus will help it meet clean air act requirements.

 

News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, Chuck

Bode, Tom Borawski, Lucia Esther, Harry Hyde, Larry Joyce, Don Nigro, John

Pawson.

 

SEPTA, NJT Play Ball! We wanted to keep it a suprise, but part of the

SEPTA-Phillies joint marketing deal is to put a Phillies logo on SEPTA

passes during May.  Those passes will give you more than a ride; they will

be good for free admission to ballgames May 8, 12, and  25 and June 7.  See

the SEPTA flyer or call the Phillies for info. NJ Transit has been on the

team for several years now.  They will run a special train from Atlantic

City to the Vet on Sundays: June 6, June 20, August 15, and September 26.

The package includes game ticket, contests and special activities on the

train, and a parade to the ballpark.  You must make reservations, so call

609-343-7163 SEPTA covered another co-marketing base when it helped sponsor

Pennsylvania Ballet's program "Pennsylvania Station" last month.  Ballet

staff have a long history of creative marketing ideas with partners as

unorthodox as the Schmidt's brewery, while

 the cultural event market is one SEPTA ought to tap, so... +"Make it a

Night" Returns

 Bargain fares are the order of the night Wednesdays on SEPTA and PATCO for

the Center City District's "Make it a Night" promotion.  Round-trip fares

for passengers going to Center City after 5:00 pm will be only $2.00 from

any rail station in the  region! +More marketing news SEPTA had a booth at

the Flower Show, selling tokens, maps, and souvenirs, and reminding throngs

of people who drove to the show that they have a better alternative.  The

benefits of that effort won't be known until next year though. Also on the

gate show front, planners are thinking about shifting big events like the

Flower Show to the new Convention Center, but parking for all the showgoers

is the rub.  Everyone is agreeing that we must do much more to get these

people to use  mass transit.  If done right, here could be a long-term

benefit as people get into the habit of using transit to reach Center City.

So we need two things: first, a way to entice first-time riders onto the

system.  When Toronto's Skydome opened in 1989, all tickets for events

included a free ride on the TTC to and from the domes.  Equally important

is to make sure that when  people ride the buses and trains for the first

time, they won't find such intolerable conditions that they swear never to

ride mass transit again.-MDM

 

Transportation Meetings A pair of important public meetings will be held

this month.  The first will consider proposed Federal Transit

Administration and Federal Highway Administration planning and congestion

management rules.  It will go on from 9 to 5 on April 14 and  8:30 to noon

April 15 at the Franklin Plaza, 17th and Race Sts. in Philadelphia.  For

more information, call Paul Derzhinski at 202-366-1372. A state

transportation hearing will take place April 22 in King of Prussia.

Members of the public who wish to testify must call Anita Eberhard

717-787-2913 and provide 25 copies of their statement.

 

Delmarva Excursion to Fair Delmarva Rail Passenger Association will again

sponsor a special demonstration train to the Delaware State Fair July 24.

This year, passengers can travel from Philadelphia as well as Claymont and

Wilmington.

 

Remember upcoming Stony Creek trip! Tickets for the NRHS Philadelphia

Chapter excursion trip to Telford, Stony Creek, and the DVARP route for

direct service to Center City during RailWorks are still available.  Call

215-947-5769 evenings for more information.  The train will leave  30th St.

at 9:45 on Sunday April 25; it will not stop at Suburban Station or Market

East.

 

Dates of Interest SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am,

at Suburban Station or Market East Station. DVARP Commuter Rail Committee:

Sat., Apr. 10, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

SEPTA transit timetables change April 11-12.  Note change of date!

Pennsylvania Association of Mass Transportation Authorities Annual Meeting:

 Apr. 12-15 at Hershey. Federal Transportation Public Meeting: Wed.-Thu.,

Apr 14-15.  See above for details. IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:

Wed., Apr. 14, 7:00 pm at 23 Moore School, University of Pennsylvania, 33rd

and Walnut.  Topic: Automatic Equipment Identification. SEPTA R1, R2, R3,

R5 using shuttle buses Fern Rock-Jenkintown April 17-18 DVARP/NJ-ARP South

Jersey Task Force:  Sat., Apr. 17, 10:00 am at 108 Edison St.,

Collingswood, NJ. DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Apr. 17, 12:00 to 3:00 pm

at Lansdale  Library, Vine St., Lansdale (Montgomery Co.).  Note change of

time due to SEPTA shuttle buses SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues.,

Apr. 20, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St., Phila. SEPTA on Site

(Suburban Transit): Wed., Apr. 21, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 to 5:30 pm at

69th St., 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown State Transportation Committee

Hearing: Thu. Apr. 22 in King of Prussia.  See above for details.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition: Fri., Apr. 23, 5:30 pm at 56 West Penn St.,

Philadelphia.  (cross street 5300 Germantown Ave)  Call 843-5359 for

information. SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Apr. 22, 3:00, SEPTA Board Room,

714 Market St., Third Floor, Philadelphia. Grand Opening of 30th Street

Shops and Restaurants:  Sat., Apr. 24, 10:00 to 5:00.  X2000 train on

exhibit. NRHS Philadelphia Chapter "Stony Creek Ramble:"  Sun. Apr. 25,

departs 30th St. 9:45 am, Jenkintown 10:15 am.  Trip will include DVARP

RailWorks Detour Route, Lansdale-Telford, Stony Creek Branch. Tickets:

$35.00  Information and reservations: call  947-5769 evenings 7:00 to 10:00

only. Pennsylvania Rail Freight Seminar: Wed.-Fri., Apr. 28-30 in Hershey.

Call 717-524-4491 for info. DVARP Transit Committee:  Wed., A pr. 28, 5:15

to 6:30 at Jefferson Alumni Hall, 1020 Locust St., Philadelphia. DVARP

Social Hour:  Fri., Apr. 30, 6:00 to 7:30 pm at Aztec Club, Delaware Ave.

and Spring Garden St.  Free admission, food and drinks! DVARP Light Rail

Committee:  Sat., May 1, 1:00 at Fishers Restaurant, 7312 Castor Ave. (at

Cottman). Amtrak and commuter rail schedules change May 2,  RailWorks

resumes May 2. Earth Sunday in the Park:  Sun., May 2, 12:00 to 5:00 in

Fairmount Park, Philadelphia. Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Mon.,

May 3 (note change of date), 7:00 pm at State Senate Chambers, Dover.

info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419. DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., May

8, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 Chestnut St., Philadelphia. Delaware

Transportation Festival:  Sat., May 15, 10:00 to 5:00 at Wilmington Station

and Tues., May 18 10:00 to 8:00 at Delaware DOT headquarters, Dover. DVARP

General Meeting:  Sat., May 15, 1:00 to 3:00 pm at 108 Edison Ave.,

Collingswood, NJ. "Try Transit Week" is May 17-21  Tell your friends and

neighbors to give up their car for a week! Listings based on information

provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm time & place.

  

 

Up and Down the Corridor News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail

transit services +Deal Close in New York A bond issue is the key to a new

Capital Plan for the New York MTA.  Legislators will haggle over the nature

of the bonds (if they have to go to a voter referendum) and how much is to

be spent on upstate roads vs. downstate transit.  Part of the  deal will

also keep the promise of retaining the $1.25 TA fare. +Storm Stops New York

Rails, Too Like in Philadelphia, some services shut down and some kept

running through the blizzard.  Switch failures shut down the LIRR, but NJ

Transit and Metro-North kept on running, with delays of course.  Subway and

elevated lines ran pretty well. Compiled from BITNET,Passenger Transport

 

Rail News by e-mail Do you use a computer information service like

CompuServe or America OnLine?  Is the computer at work connected to Bitnet

or Internet?  Then you can join groups which exchange e-mail comments and

questions about passenger and freight rail service  and all forms of public

transit. These are automated mailing lists; when one person sends a message

to a central computer, it remails the message to all the subscribers.  To

join the Railroad List, send a message to the address 'LISTSERV@CUNYVM'

which says 'subscribe railroad  yourname'  To join the Transit List send

the message 'subscribe transit your-name' to 'LISTSERV@GITVM1'  These

addresses are on Bitnet; if you use CompuServe or any other commercial

information service, contact the provider for addressing  information and

the cost to you, if any, for sending and receiving mail outside the system.

And if you want to send electronic mail to DVARP, our Bitnet address is

'iekp898@tjuvm' On Internet, use 'iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu'  We can send you

back newsletters from 1992, budget and hearing statements, and many other

documents, just ask us! -MDM 



Upcoming DVARP Meetings: Saturday, April 17, 12:00 to 3:00     Lansdale

(Montgomery Co.) Library Note change in starting time! R5 train leaves

Suburban Stn. at 10:50, shuttle bus Fern Rock-Jenkintown walk north 1 block

from station, turn left on Green St., left on Vine St. to Library 96 bus

leaves Norristown at 11:00 +Saturday, May 15, 1:00 to 4:00

Collingswood, NJ +Saturday, June 19, 1:00 to 4:00     Jenkintown

 

Agenda for the April meeting: 12:00 introductions, agenda, minutes 12:15

Issues requiring immediate action: RailWorks(: shutdown II SEPTA fare and

rule hearing 1:00 Other business: Transit Committee:

     Subway extensions

     Commuter Rail Committee:

     RRD schedule reform

     Newtown 2:00  General:

     SEPTA Operating Budget

     SEPTA Capital Budget

     Administration: copier, incorporation

 

 

Committee Meetings: Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Fri., April 23, 5:30

pm at 56 West Penn St., Germantown Transit Committee:  Wed., Apr. 28, 5:15

to 6:45  at Jefferson Hall, 1020 Locust St. (first floor cafeteria) Topic:

SEPTA Capital and Operating Budget items Light Rail Committee:  Sat., May

1, 12:00 noon at Fisher's Restaurant ,7312 Castor Ave. Topics:  40th St.

track repairs, lack of progress on new cars, SEPTA budgets, trackless

trolleys Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., May 8, 12:00 to 2:00 at Chestnut

Gourmet, 1121 Chestnut St. South Jersey Task Force:  call DVARP Voice Mail,

215-222-3373, message box 2.


