The Delaware Valley

    Rail Passenger

 

February  1993

Vol. XI, No. 2

(C) 1993 DVARP

 

Electronic Edition

The Electronic Edition is edited and posted by Matthew Mitchell.

Distributed to the TRANSIT and RAILROAD lists.

Permission is granted to retransmit to rec.railroad.

For all other retransmission or archiving permissions, contact DVARP

We hope you consider joining DVARP; your financial support makes possible our

 many activities on your behalf.  Annual dues are $15.00.  send to address

 below.

 

send your comments and suggestions to <iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu>

or <iekp898@tjuvm.bitnet>  or call 215-222-3373, message box 3

 

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the

 interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and

 potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania,

 southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.

For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

 

P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA   19101     215-222-3373

President: Chuck Bode   for other officers and committee chairs, see page 10

 

Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...

1   Operation Conshohocken:  DVARP works to rebuild R6 ridership

2   Amtrak closes track on Paoli line: why?     SEPTA marketing resurgence

3   On the Railroad Lines:  Parking improvements in MontCo,

R3 Media construction starts next month, 69th St .blackout

4   SEPTA Treasurer explains office financing.

5   Ridership statistics: 60% recovery after RailWorks, but service cuts hurt

 Wilmington, Paoli

6   Close the budget hearing loophole!

7   Stony Creek line reopens for freight service.

8   Amtrak News:  Make your summer train reservations now!  Now you can ride the

 X2000.

9   Clinton economic plan could mean $200 million for Delaware Valley

 transportation

South Jersey Update:  PATCO pays off City, Rebuilt Arrows in service.

10  Dates of Interest:  SEPTA Board, DVARP, Delmarva RPA set meeting dates

11  Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373

 

BULLETIN:  Shuttle buses will replace trains between Wayne Junction and

 Jenkintown on one weekend later this month.  Watch for posters at your station

 announcing the project and its effects.  Some inbound trains are expected to

 run 15 minutes earlier, and there will be no R1 local service between

 Jenkintosn and Glenside.

 

Schedule Change Alert:  SEPTA commuter trains will run on a weekday schedule

 Presidents' Day February 15th, not a Saturday schedule as published in

 timetables.  200-series buses will run.

 

DVARP Launches "Operation Conshohocken"

by Tom Borawski

 

DVARP member Bob Bodan puts 7,000 timetables into the mail.     Photo: Tom

 Borawski

 

DVARP initiated phase one of its program to reverse the RailWorks(R) ridership

 loss.  Operation Conshohocken is a Regional Rail marketing effort funded

 entirely by DVARP whose goal is to study the effects of an intense mail

 marketing effort in an area which can be isolated and studied.  All residents

 of ZIP code 19428 (7025 households) were sent an R6 Norristown schedule and

 promotional material.

If the results are positive, DVARP will take its show to area business groups

 and chambers of commerce to convince them to fund similar efforts in their

 communities.  The premise will be that whether natural or man-made, a disaster

 is a disaster.  If RRD revenue continues to run well below budget targets,

 communities may lose their rail service entirely.

The measure of success for Operation Conshohocken is how soon the cost of the

 program is recouped in increased ridership.  The program cost DVARP

 approximately $1,700.  That means only 17 monthly TrailPasses would have to be

 sold to pay for the program; three extra commuters for six months.  We are

 confident this modest goal can be achieved.

Why Conshohocken?  First, the R6 Norristown Line had the most miserable

 alternate service during the RailWorks shutdown.  Those dependent on the line

 for weekend and off-peak transportation were told to walk.  The alternate

 service was a series of disjointed bus routes versus an alternative which

 followed the line thus preserving its future viability.  An immediate priority

 is to promote the lines whose future is in danger because of RailWorks.

 Certainly R8 Fox Chase, R7 Chestnut Hill East will need much work, but may need

 a different solution than a mass mailing.  Much thought is still required for

 this effort.  DVARP would appreciate your ideas.

Meanwhile, SEPTA has started a similar targeted marketing effort, unrelated to

 Operation Conshohocken, on the outer Main Line where R5 service cuts led to a

 sudden and costly drop in ridership.  We hope it succeeds.

 

Amtrak Puts SEPTA in Paoli Track Squeeze

by Matthew Mitchell

Amtrak has taken track 2 of the Paoli Line out of service, in an effort to shift

 the burden of maintaining that track to SEPTA.  Even though SEPTA runs 90

 percent of the trains on the line, the track is owned and dispatched by Amtrak.

Amtrak's move may be intended to extract more money from SEPTA and the

 governments that fund it:  ironically, it is the same tactic used by freight

 railroads to get improvements to their physical plant at the expense of Amtrak

 and states supplying start-up money for new rail service.  If SEPTA wants the

 flexibility of a fourth track, SEPTA must pay the entire cost of maintaining

 it.

Out on the line, as dispatchers have only 3 tracks to work with, reliability of

 the R5 trains has suffered.  There is some flexibility though. Even though the

 remaining express track, track 3, is on the nominally 'outbound' side, its

 automatic block signals work in both directions.

Can we go on using only three tracks?  Metra's busiest line, the BN route to

 Aurora, is a three-track railroad, as is NJ Transit's Morris and Essex Lines.

 Changes in scheduling and dispatching would definitely be needed, and it would

 be harder to recover from disruptions, but it is possible.

Next on the 'Hit List?'

Widespread speculation says Amtrak would also like to close the Bryn Mawr tower,

 or shift the full cost of its operation and maintenance to SEPTA.  Parkesburg

 Tower is already closed, hindering operations there.

Amtrak's Keystone Corridor service to Harrisburg continues to be in a state of

 decline, despite financial support from the Commonwealth.  The fundamental

 problem is that it is a mostly a commuter service rather than an intercity

 service, and the best way to solve it is to transfer control of the operation

 (and the Paoli Line) to a commuter operator.

 

Marketing Revival at SEPTA?

by Matthew Mitchell

Members of the Citizen Advisory Committee to SEPTA heard some reassuring news

 when Richard DiLullo, SEPTA's head of marketing came to address them.

CAC had sharply criticized top SEPTA management for ignoring the need to promote

 its services; DiLullo's briefing described a number of projects now underway,

 and the rationale behind SEPTA marketing decisions.

Regaining riders lost due to RailWorks(R) was first among many members'

 concerns.  DiLullo said he had a budget of half a million dollars, but the

 majority of it would be spent in 1993, when there were no more looming

 shutdowns.  DiLullo and the Committee played Monday morning QB of last year's

 ad campaign: do's and don'ts for this year were identified.

SEPTA often uses local media for targeted advertising like a promotion of SEPTA

 tokens as a holiday gift or a free ride coupon in phone books delivered to new

 residents; most people see only a few of these campaigns and conclude SEPTA

 doesn't market its services.

Another piece of good news is that a study is underway to determine why people

 drive their cars instead of riding SEPTA's trains.  Surveys are being

 distributed to people parking in City-owned garages, while focus groups of

 present and former rail passengers have been held to determine likes and

 dislikes.  The results will guide future marketing plans; but will the

 operating managers take part too?  As has been said many times before in this

 space, the best promotional efforts are worse than worthless if the quality of

 the service is poor enough to turn off the new riders.

Looking for Leverage

The key for an affordable marketing plan is leverage; letting other people carry

 the message for SEPTA.  This is what made the Area Coalition for Transit

 successful.  Now this and similar resources must be harnessed in encouraging

 people to use transit instead of their cars, and encouraging municipalities to

 end car-dependent planning.

The new Clean Air Act is the biggest lever yet, but SEPTA hasn't grasped it to

 date.  (see November, December DVRP)  Employer support of transit has been

 mostly employer-driven.  SEPTA ought to hold up the best examples (such as

 Thomas Jefferson University) as models for others to emulate.

DiLullo is intent on making sure that SEPTA takes advantage of opportunities at

 the soon-to-open Convention Center.  His department has an agreement with the

 Convention and Visitors Bureau to supply travel information to meeting planners

 and maps to convention-goers.  The Citizens Advisory Committee will watch him

 closely.

 

On the Railroad Lines...

R1

New Timetable

We're glad to report that SEPTA has finally issued the official combined

 timetable for service between Fern Rock and Glenside.  However, it was

 immediately out-of-date.  Until a revision is printed, check posters at your

 station for extra reverse-peak service to and from Melrose Park.

R3

Work to Begin in March

The SEPTA Board has given the go-ahead to a 2 1/2 year, $28 million

 reconstruction project on the Media-West Chester Line.  Renewal of 16 miles of

 track is promised along with bridge and signal repairs and more parking.

R5

Passenger Attacked

On Thursday, January 14th a woman was assaulted at the Downingtown Station at

 about 5:50 pm.  According to the Inquirer there have been complaints to the

 Downingtown Borough Council about station lighting.  Council President Peter

 Duca is quoted: "It's a lot better than it was."  Passengers are asked to call

 Downingtown Police at 269-0263 if they were in the area on January 14th between

 5 pm and 6 pm.

Man Hit By Train

A 19 year-old Horsham man was struck by a inbound R5 train in North Wales at

 7:15 am January 5th.  The man was running across the tracks to catch the train,

 which was traveling at about 15 mph.

Once again, we have to say it: in a car, on foot, or any other way, don't try to

 beat the train.  When there's a tie, you lose!

Parking Lot Progress

Much work is being done to improve the parking situation for Regional Rail

 riders.  The new parking area at Ambler is complete thus increasing parking

 revenue for SEPTA and saving commuters a walk in the mud.  Fort Washington

 commuters continue to be pawns in a dispute between a landowner and Upper

 Dublin Township; however, help is on the horizon as the Authority has acquired

 a nearby property for parking purposes.

According to The Reporter, plans are moving ahead to add parking at Colmar

 Station, where the Doylestown Line crosses Route 309.  The the lot will be

 tripled in size and a traffic light will be added to the lot's entrance.  We

 hope that those driving from Quakertown and Allentown to use the station would

 use their local stations if Bethlehem service is restored.

R6

Extra Parking Coming

133 parking spaces are to be added at Norristown Transportation Center. A grand

 opening is scheduled for this month.

MFSE

DisruptionsReturn

Frankford El reconstruction is under way again, with shuttle buses replacing

 trains from Huntingdon to Bridge-Pratt evenings after 8:00 and all day

 weekends.  Express bus service will also run from Frankford to Center City on

 weekends.

Work will soon begin on an 18-month reconstruction of the Girard station.

SSL

Yeadon Shuttle

Route 13 cars are being turned back at Mount Moriah while track construction

 continues.  Shuttle buses are in service to Yeadon, with Darby service

 suspended.

Trolley Wires:  An all-day fare is now in effect on the Chestnut Hill Historic

 Trolley.  One cash fare or token is good for multiple trips the same day: a

 great idea for shoppers and sightseers.

STD

69th Street Blackout

The storm on December 17 caused a power blackout in Upper Darby, leaving 69th

 Street Terminal without light.  Remarkably, the emergency lighting in the

 newly-renovated terminal failed to work.  Because traction power for the

 Market-Frankford El and the trolley lines come from other sources, they kept on

 running, discharging their passengers into the darkened terminal.

DVARP has not received word from STD management yet about the cause of the

 failure and what will be done to get the terminal into code compliance.

N-5:  No News Not Good News

The prototype car for the Norristown High-Speed Line is still not in service, 18

 months after arriving in Upper Darby, leading to rumors that the whole project

 is in trouble.  SEPTA vehemently denies the rumors, but remains closed-mouthed

 about progress in resolving clearance, brake, and other problems.

News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Tom Borawski, John Pawson

 

"Black Budget": SEPTA CFO Says It Ain't So  by Tom Borawski

In the December DVRP we reported that the SEPTA headquarters project will be

 funded out of the Capital Budget through bond revenue raised from a line item

 called "debt service."  We received this information from a reliable source:

 the presentation of the FY '93 Capital Budget to the Board.

From the official minutes of the September 24, 1992 Board Meeting (pp 4-5):

In response to a question from [Board Member Edmund] Jones as to whether or not

 provision had been made in the Capital Budget for the acquisition of a central

 administrative headquarters building for SEPTA, [Budget Director Carol]

 Lavoritano said that there is no specific provision, but there was a provision

 for debt service.  As this project moves forward, she said, it can be

 incorporated into the Capital Program."

Since the Request For Proposal (RFP) for the headquarters building had already

 been issued and no mention of the building is in either the FY '93 Capital

 Budget or the Capital Plan; DVARP thought that "black budget" accurately

 described the situation.

Now it seems that this information given to the Board was incorrect.  In a

 letter to DVARP, Feather Houstoun, Chief Financial Officer, says:

"I am writing to you to put straight a misconception reported in the newsletter

 dated December 8, 1992.  In an article titled "Dedicated Funding Going for a

 'Black Budget,'" Carol Lavoritano is quoted as suggesting the $5 million for

 debt service in the capital plan for Act 26 might be intended to be used toward

 the purchase of a consolidated office building for SEPTA.  That is not correct,

 though I can see how the misunderstanding may have arisen.

"First, presentation of the Act 26 Budget containing the $5 million debt service

 item predated the active solicitation of bids for a purchase (rather than

 lease) of a headquarters facility.  I consistently identified the $5 million as

 a tentative allocation in anticipation of a possible working capital borrowing

 during the course of the fiscal year. This was highly tentative pending

 appointment of a financial adviser to help us structure a long-term financial

 plan for capital debt issuance.

"Secondly, it is not our plan to use Act 26 funds to pay for the purchase of a

 building.  Our occupancy costs are currently in the operating budget, and it is

 our objective to continue that practice.  Our financial adviser has suggested

 that we pledge a portion of Act 26 funds permitted for asset maintenance to

 secure a borrowing for a building; however, this would be essentially for

 collateral to achieve a strong bond rating; it would not affect the amount of

 available funds for capital projects.  Having said this, however, it is

 important to note that capital leases do continue to be eligible under the

 capital program, and capital funds have been used to pay such lease obligations

 in order to relieve the operating budget.

"Unfortunately, the manner of presentation of the Act 26 'budget' may make it

 appear that debt service is a 'black box.'  I don't believe that to be the

 case.  SEPTA must establish the eligibility of every project for which either

 bond proceeds or pay-as-you-go funding is spent.  We also have to show how, in

 any given year, Act 26 funds will be spent.  The act of tentatively budgeting a

 certain amount of Act 26 for 'debt service' doesn't give SEPTA carte blanche to

 spend the proceeds without the normal capital program review procedures to

 assure eligibility.  Indeed, the process associated with bond issues bring even

 higher scrutiny to the use of funds, since the eligibility of planned uses of

 proceeds must be assured for bondholders for both security and tax purposes."

This is not the first time that necessity born of financial stress has resulted

 in innovative plans from SEPTA's financial people.  Many of these deals need to

 be looked at three or four times before they stop looking shady (remember the

 lease financing of the push-pull trains).

But the issue isn't whether it is appropriate to use debt financing for a new

 headquarters.  It's whether SEPTA ought to build a headquarters at all and

 whether the passengers and taxpayers who ultimately foot the bill no matter

 what creative financing method is used are allowed to have a say in such a

 decision.  We still call for a complete public disclosure of the costs and

 benefits of the project as part of the normal Capital Budget hearing process.

 

New SEPTA Board Member

Daniel Wood has replaced Sen. Lois Hagerty as the SEPTA Board appointee of the

 Senate Republicans.  Wood, an architect by training, is Chief of Staff for

 Joseph Loeper (R-Del. Co.), Senate Minority Leader.

 

RRD Weekday Ridership

Commuter rail ridership continued to lag both SEPTA projections and last year's

 results in November.  Readingside ridership is recovering, but still down over

 20% in the second month after the RailWorks shutdown.

DVARP Rider Index shows partial recovery of passengers lost due to RailWorks(R)

On the Pennsy side, the Paoli line suffered a distressing drop of 2,000 daily

 passengers, attributed to the October cut in express service.  Some trains were

 restored in December.  (see Jan. DVRP)  Service cuts were also blamed for the

 huge decline in R2 Wilmington ridership, and as reported here before, running

 times are too slow to compete effectively with the automobile.  Reduction of R6

 Cynwyd service to 5 peak hour trips caused almost a third of its riders to

 leave the line.

line     Nov. 92   Nov. 91   change

R1 Airport    1,818     2,271     -19.9%

R2 Wilmington 6,216     7,193     -21.8%

R3 Media-Elwyn     8,260     8,447     -2.2%

R5 Paoli-Parkesburg     20,248    22,237    -8.9%

R6 Cynwyd     288  418  -31.1%

R7 Trenton    8,405     8,515     -1.3%

R8 Chestnut Hill   4,329     3,548     +22.0%

PRR SUBTOTAL  49,564    52,629    -5.8%

R2 Warminster 4,113     5,261     -21.8%

R3 West Trenton    5,787     7,099     -18.5%

R5 Doylestown 8,924     10,466    -14.7%

R6 Norristown 2,747     3,769     -27.1%

R7 Chestnut Hill   3,646     4,934     -26.1%

R8 Fox Chase  2,814     3,919     -28.2%

RDG SUBTOTAL  28,031    35,448    -20.9%

GRAND TOTAL   77,595    88,077    -11.9%

Data from SEPTA Revenue and Passenger Analysis, provided courtesy of John McGee

 

DVARP Begins Work on 1994 SEPTA Budgets

The important annual job of reviewing SEPTA's proposed budget and service plans

 has begun here at DVARP.  We are in contact with SEPTA management and hope to

 be a constructive influence early on in the budget process

An Operating Budget Task Force has been set up, and is soliciting your input.

 What should SEPTA do to make ends meet?  Is money being spent wisely?  Are

 fares too high or too low?  Are the priorities right?  Call DVARP voice mail:

 215-222-3373, message box 8 to make your suggestions or join the task force.

 

Bus Rerouting Modified, Approved

In response to public outcry, SEPTA service planning staff amended the proposal

 to revamp bus service in South Philadelphia and other neighborhoods.  The new

 tariffs were ratified by the Board last month and will go into effect March 28.

The biggest controversy was once again in the 'Italian Market.'  SEPTA had

 sought to move Route 47 to 7th St., as cars and trucks frequently block 9th

 Street, but merchants are afraid that the two block walk to 7th or 11th would

 deter shoppers from coming to their businesses.  A compromise similar to the

 original Route 47 deal two years ago will establish a branch route on 9th St,

 with free transfers to the base route on 7th.

Another SEPTA/community compromise will keep buses on 8th St. through part of

 North Philadelphia, closer to several senior citizens' centers than in the

 initial proposal.  The Jefferson and Master Sts. bus, now part of Route 57 but

 scheduled for elimination, won a reprieve as part of revised Route 89.--MDM

 

Act 26 Hearing Loophole

The procedure for hearings on SEPTA's Capital and Operating Budgets is laid out

 in Act 26, SEPTA's enabling legislation.  It states: "A public hearing shall be

 conducted prior to the adoption of the final operating budget and tentative

 capital program.  Notice of such public hearing shall be published... not fewer

 than 30 days prior to such hearing."

The loophole is that the law does not specify when the subject of the hearing,

 the tentative budgets, will be available for public review.  The current

 process is like announcing a wedding without knowing who is going to be

 married.  In past years, DVARP has had to scramble to prepare its testimony as

 SEPTA has been releasing tentative budgets only two weeks prior to the

 hearings. This interval could be cut down to a week or a day with no legal

 consequences

This is where you come in.  DVARP is asking you to write your State

 Representative and State Senator, asking them to amend Act 26 so that copies of

 the tentative budgets will be made available at least 30 days prior to the

 budget hearings.  Sample text is below.  Make copies for friends, colleagues

 and the family pet to send to their public officials.--TB

The Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers (DVARP) is calling for

 reform of the SEPTA budgeting process, so the riders and taxpayers who pay the

 bill have a chance to review and comment on SEPTA's plans.

Act 26, Section 1534(b) provides for public hearings on SEPTA's Capital and

 Operating Budgets, but does not mandate that the budgets be made available for

 public inspection before the hearing.

I support DVARP's position that the proposed budgets should be made available at

 the same time the hearings are advertised, and ask you to amend Act 26 so this

 will be the case.

 

25 Years Ago:  The Penn Central Merger

A quarter-century ago this month, the long-anticipated coupling of the

 Pennsylvania Railroad and the New York Central was made.  Penn Central filed

 for bankruptcy less than 2 1/2 years later, the victim of two managements which

 distrusted each other instead of working together, and mounting losses from

 deteriorating passenger train service, including that of the bankrupt New Haven

 which was forced into the merger by the Federal Government.

From an operating standpoint , the merger was also a disaster; thousands of

 freight cars got lost.  Out of the ashes over a decade later rose a now

 profitable Conrail.  A fine retrospective of the debacle can be found in Joseph

 R. Daughen's The Wreck of the Penn Central (Little, Brown: 1971)

More Anniversaries:  PaoliHarrisburg electrification 1/15/38, arrival of

 Silverliner II 1963, Jersey Arrow I 1968, Locust St. subway 2/15/53.

 

Stony Creek Line Reopening   by Tom Borawski

At the October 1991 DVARP meeting there was a slide presentation of conditions

 on the SEPTA owned/Conrail leased Stony Creek Line, a single track from

 Lansdale to Norristown.  The slides formed a kaleidoscope of rotted ties,

 decrepit track and washouts which made the Newtown Line look like a TGV test

 track.

A washout on the Stony Creek Line.

The communities through which the line runs, including East Norriton and Upper

 Gwynedd, sought to have the freight service delayed until crossing gates were

 installed.  But the PUC ruled operation with crews flagging traffic was safe

 and that the reopening can proceed. "We're not opposed to them using the rail.

 We're opposed to them using it in an unsafe manner," Upper Gwynedd Board

 President James Santi told the Inquirer.

Large signs have been installed to warn drivers of the line's imminent

 reactivation at all crossings.  At Township Line Rd and West Point Pike no

 other safety measures have been made beyond the signs.  New crossing signals

 hve been installed at Route 73. The line crosses North Wales Road twice, and

 stop signs have been installed at those locations.

How effective are the stop signs?  The author recently spent five hours watching

 cars at one of the North Wales Road crossings:

Date        Time       Total Cars  Cars Not Stopping

1/17/93     1:20-2:20PM      153         28 (18 %)

1/17/93     6:30-7:30PM       84         13 (15 %)

1/18/93     6:20-7:20PM      172         24 (14 %)

1/19/93  +  6:35-7:35PM      183         19 (10 %)

1/20/93     6:25-7:25PM      224         28 (13 %)

+ Construction equipment was parked at the crossing.

Besides Conrail, the other player in this story is a group of North Penn

 businesses who formed a corporation, North Penn Rail Shippers, Ltd. According

 to The Inquirer one of the members of the consortium is anticipating the

 ability to ship "increased height containers" to Philadelphia. As reported in a

 previous DVRP, all bridges on the line have a 22 feet clearance.  The only

 height restrictions are catenary heights past Elm Street in Norristown and on

 the Lansdale side.  With the Governor's announcement of the double stack route

 to the Port of Philadelphia, it seems that the line has a solid future.

The Stony Creek line today.   Photos: Tom Borawski

The safety issue may come across to the general public as business arrogance,

 but those who attended that October '91 DVARP meeting know what a tremendous

 feat it was to bring this line back to life.  It may have a visible impact to

 drivers in the area as truck traffic should decrease noticeably. The members of

 the consortium have to justify the investment in Stony Creek to their

 stockholders.  The Wall Street six-month mentality may be the real force which

 is pushing for the line's pre-crossing-gate opening.

 

Book Your Summer Train Trip Today

If a train trip is in your summer plans, start making arrangements now.  Even

 though the big improvements won't start coming until late this year, there is

 some good news for rail travelers both in North America and Europe.  Amtrak has

 received the first of its new GE locomotives, which should improve the

 reliability of long-distance train service.  In April, the Sunset Limited will

 be extended to Miami: Amtrak's first coast-to-coast train.  Amtrak also now

 takes minivans on Auto-Train, thanks to modifications to some car carriers.

However, the Superliner II order will not be received by Amtrak until next year.

  You must book early to get sleeping car reservations for the train and date

 you desire.  Call 1-800-USA-RAIL or your travel agent today.  Remember to ask

 about 'All Aboard America' fares and the Air-Rail travel plan.

 

Rail Upgrades in Europe

In Europe, the opening of the Channel Tunnel is a year away, so the news to

 report is in the east.  The Euro-City network of fast long-distance trains has

 expanded into Eastern Europe, with a hub in Prauge.  The German Railways are

 adding new links to and from Berlin and the east.  They and France have both

 opened new high-speed lines in the last year.  Sample high-speed rail today,

 and see what is possible in America.

The best way to travel Europe by train is with the various 'flexi-passes'

 offered by Eurrailpass and the various national railways.  With the pass, you

 can travel on a specific number of days, which do not have to be consecutive.

 If you want to take a train trip in Europe this summer, a visit to your travel

 agent is a good idea.  Good travel agents have brochures about all your various

 options, and can find you the best buy.

 

X2000 Enters Revenue Service

Amtrak passengers have a chance to sample the future, now that the X2000 train

 from Sweden is covering regularly scheduled Metroliner trips.  Signalling

 constraints limit top speed to 135 mph instead of the 150 mph reached in tests

 last month.  The schedule for the new train is below: but please confirm it

 with Amtrak when you make a reservation.

Want an inexpensive way to sample X2000?  Take a trip from Philadelphia to

 Wilmington, returning on SEPTA's R2 line or vice versa.  One-way Metroliner

 fare is $16.00.

Dates    days train #   route

Feb. 2-12     M-F  112, 223  WAS-NYP-WAS

Feb 15-Mar 19 M-F  114, 125  WAS-NYP-WAS

Feb 6, 20, Mar 20  Sat  108, 125  WAS-NYP-WAS

Mar 22-Apr 2  M-F  202, 223  WAS-NYP-WAS

Apr 5-May 10  M-F  202+, 223*     WAS-NHV-WAS

+except May 3, 10       * except Apr 30, May 7

NOTE: trains 202, 223 do not stop at Philadelphia

 

AmNotes

Amtrak had one of its worst holiday seasons in recent years in terms of train

 performance, especially in the Midwest and West.  The root of the problem is

 too little equipment, which leads to deferred maintenance when equipment is

 rushed back into service to meet passenger demand.  The worst of the motive

 power problems seem to be behind Amtrak, but regulatory crackdowns on toilets

 and other sanitation issues have cut into the number of available sleepers and

 diners.  The only solution to this long-term problem is a combination of

 increased investment and good management.

Hauling the U.S. Mail is an increasingly profitable enterprise for Amtrak.  Much

 of the mail in Pennsylvania and throughout the Northeast Corridor is carried

 overnight by train, and mail contracts are the catalyst for increased Amtrak

 service on a variety of nationwide routes.  To expand the possibilities for

 capturing mail revenue, Amtrak is testing RoadRailer(TM) truck/rail trailer

 technology.  Putting rail wheels on highway trailers is a decades-old idea

 which is gaining popularity in the 90s as the technology has improved.  Savings

 in switching time and loading expense can offset the relatively high capital

 cost.  Before it makes a committment to replacing boxcars with trailers, Amtrak

 is testing the trailers at speeds up to 100 mph.

The line from Washington to Richmond, VA has been selected for improvement under

 the Federal ISTEA legislation.  Grade crossings are to be eliminated so train

 speeds can be increased to at least 90 mph on this southern extension of the

 Northeast Corridor.

Amtrak finally placed a production order for the Viewliner sleeping cars and

 diners.  They will be used to replace the Heritage cars on long-distance trains

 in the east, giving increased capacity and more comfort.  50 cars are expected

 to arrive in 1995; Amtrak has an option for up to 222 more.

Amtrak President W. Graham Claytor, who turned 80 last year, has announced plans

 to retire, effective on the appointment of a successor.  One twist though:  If

 the Board, which is still controlled by Bush appointees, proposes a replacement

 who doesn't share Claytor's goals of expanding the system and making it

 self-sufficient, Claytor will withdraw his resignation.  Claytor favors an

 inside candidate.

New Amtrak Thruway bus service to Norfolk Naval Base runs on Fri, Sun.: call

 Amtrak for schedules

 

Clinton: $5-10 Billion for Transportation?

Washington insiders are floating trial bal-loons as President Clinton shapes his

 promised economic stimulus package.  Construction spending is expected to be a

 major part of the deal, with some five to ten billion being spent on

 transportation projects.

This is likely to add up to a windfall of $200 million or more for our region's

 transportation infrastructure, enough to reopen dormant commuter lines like

 Newtown, Pottstown, West Chester, and Ivy Ridge;  and accelerate work on

 repairing transit infrastructure like the Market St. El.  But will the money be

 targeted to make-work projects for friendly unions and plums for congressional

 representatives to bring home or will it fulfill real transportation needs?

Under the old order, politicians dumped money on pet projects such as the Blue

 Route and Temple University Station.  Because the routine but expensive repair

 of transit infrastructure isn't as attractive to politicians as cutting

 ribbons, important parts of our region's transit system were neglected; but if

 a new decision-making order led by local officials and planning organizations

 allocates Federal grants, the money may be spent on smaller, but more numerous

 projects.  Economic stimulus might be more effective with small renewal and

 repair projects, as they need less lead time to start.

New Secretary of Transportation Frederic Pena is the former Mayor of Denver, and

 there thought 'local planning.'  Will he continue to do so now that he is in

 Washington, or will he succumb to the old political pressures?--MDM

 

Renewal Premium a Success: Held Over!

Since DVARP offered a free copy of Car-Free in Philadelphia to members who join

 or renew with membership contributions of $25.00 or more, the number of members

 at those increased levels of support has reached an all-time high.

We are extending the offer one more month; until Feb. 28.  If you have sent us

 your renewal and are waiting for the book, we want you to know the order has

 been placed and the books will be in the mail to you soon.

If you haven't, pick a membership category listed with a star on the page 11

 coupon, fill in the coupon, and mail it along with your dues check to DVARP,

 Box 7505, Philadelphia, 19101.

 

Rebuilt Cars on Trenton Line

The first rebuilt Jersey Arrow MU cars have returned to their home rails.  After

 work costing almost a million dollars per car, the MUs boast the latest AC

 traction motors and control equipment, a new braking system, new toilets and

 electronic destination signs, and new reversible seats with safety locks.  The

 rebuild is taking place at the upstate NY shops of the Morrison-Knudson Co.,

 which did the rebuilding of SEPTA's Silverliner II cars.

 

Nights on Broadway

NJ Transit is teaming up with a New York firm called City Fun for escorted trips

 to Broadway's biggest shows.  The night begins on a chartered car of a

 Northeast Corridor or North Jersey Coast train, with hors d'oeuvres and wine.

 A special bus and guide take theatregoers to the show and back, and NJ Transit

 even provides souvenirs on the trip home.  Call 1-800-CITY-FUN for

 reservations.

 

Garden State Notes:  A few NJT bus schedules in South Jersey were changed in

 January.  Pick up latest schedules at Greyhound Terminal or Camden

 Transportation Center, or call NJ Transit.

NJ-ARP reports that NJ Transit will fund the restoration of the Cape May Bridge,

 raising hopes for the trains' return to Cape May in 1993.  Cape May Seashore

 Lines wants to start park/ride service for beachgoers, but is having difficulty

 in getting action from Southern Jersey Railway on track maintenance.

 

PATCO, City Settle on Rent

As the City of Philadelphia looks to all quarters for revenue to cut its budget

 deficit, other public agencies are not excluded.  The squabble over lease

 payments for the use of City-owned subway tunnels in Philadelphia (see Nov 92

 DVRP) has been resolved.  PATCO will pay $15 million in back rent, and annual

 payments of $3-4 million in the future.

There is no word that a 'Renewal and Replacement Fund' will be set up by the

 City to funnel lease payments back into the subway as matching funds for

 Federal capital grants.  SEPTA and the City have had such an agreement ever

 since the SEPTA takeover of PTC.--MDM

 

Volunteers Wanted:

Want to help DVARP, but don't have much time or can't travel to meetings?  We

 would appreciate a volunteer who can transcribe the taped proceedings of one or

 more of our general meetings into meeting minutes.

How about some office space?

Just like SEPTA, DVARP is considering an Office Consolidation Project; our needs

 are much more modest.  If you or an organization you are part of has some low

 cost or no cost space available for files and phones, etc. please call us at

 215-222-3373.

 

New Newsletter Format

We hope you enjoyed last month's Delaware Valley Rail Passenger 10th Anniversary

 Special. With this edition, we move permanently to a larger and easier-to-read

 format than we used in our first ten years.  The size change may even save

 money!

Thank you for the comments and suggestions which guided the newsletter

 "makeover" which took place last year.  The results of the voice-mail survey on

 type styles mirrored the results of the earlier survey: an even split!  Without

 a strong mandate for the change, we are retaining the existing font and size,

 but will keep looking for ways to improve the newsletter:  Our goal is to bring

 you the best passengers' newsletter in the nation.

 

SEPTA Board, DVARP Announce Meeting Dates

We erred last month when printing the date of the SEPTA Board Meeting.  The

 correct date was January 28.  The dates for the rest of the year were provided

 to us by Board Secretary Mary Donahue and are as follows:  Jan. 28, Feb. 25,

 Mar. 25, Apr. 22, May 27, June 24, July 22, Aug. 26, Sept. 23, Oct. 28, Nov.

 18, Dec. 16.  All the meetings are Thursdays at 3:00 pm, except for November

 and December, they are the fourth Thursday of the month.

Meanwhile, DVARP has set dates and places for its general meetings the first

 eight months of the year:  Jan. 16-TUCC, Feb. 20-TUCC, Mar. 20-Lansdowne, Apr.

 17-Lansdale, May 15-Collingswood, June 19-Center City, July 17-Jenkintown, Aug.

 21-annual picnic.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Assn. released its meeting schedule, too:  Mar. 4, Apr.

 1-Wilmington (Amtrak Stn.), May 3-Dover (Senate Chambers, Legislative Hall),

 June 3, July 1-Wilmington, Aug. 5-Dover, Sept. 2, Oct. 7-Wilmington, Nov.

 4-Dover, Dec. 2-annual dinner.

 

Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban Station or

 Market East Station.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Feb. 13, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121

 Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

Center for Greater Philadelphia-Region at the Crossroads Forum:  "Where do we go

 from here?"  Tues., Feb. 16, 8:00 at IBM Commerce Square, 2005 Market St., room

 203.  Call 215-898-8713 to register.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tuesday, Feb. 16, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board

 Room, 714 Market St., Phila.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Feb. 17, 7:30 to 9:30 am at 69th St. &

 Norristown.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Feb. 20, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at Temple Univ. Center

 City, 1616 Walnut St., Phila.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Route 8 Minor Change:  Thu., Feb 25, 10:00 at Magee

 Rehab Hospital, 1200 Tabor Road

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Feb. 25, 3:00, SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St.,

 Third Floor, Philadelphia.

New Castle County Civic League Transportation Forum:  Sat., Feb. 27, 9:00-noon

 at Wilmington Station, Antique Waiting Room (Stairway C).  Guest speakers

 expected.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thurs., March. 4., 6:30 pm at Wilmington

 Station, Antique Waiting Room (Stairway C).  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed., Mar. 10 (?)  please call Harvey

 Glickenstein, 215-569-1795 to confirm date, place, topic.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Mar. 13, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121

 Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Mar. 20, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at Temple Univ. Center

 City, 1616 Walnut St., Phila.

NARP Region III Meeting:  Sat., Mar 27 at Station Square, Pittsburgh.  See

 January DVRP for details.  Registration information: KARP, P.O. Box 126,

 Pitcairn, PA  15140-0126.

New Jersey Transportation Conference:  "2001, A Transportation Odyssey" Tues. &

 Wed. March 30, 31 at Trump Plaza Hotel, Atlantic City.  Workshops and exhibits.

  Registration information: TransAction Conference, c/o Morris County DOT, P.O.

 Box 900, Morristown, NJ  07963-0900

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm

 time & place.

 

Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

LIRR Claims Record Performance

Long Island Railroad officials reported a record on-time performance rate of 93%

 last year.  A number of factors account for the improvement, including repair

 of the crucial Harold interlocking, a new train mainten-ance facility, and new

 slower rush-hour schedules which were easier to meet.

Metro-North Goes Cellular

Commuters on the Hudson, Harlem, & New Haven Lines can now make telephone calls

 on board their trains.  Cellular One provides the service; calls cost $1.75 per

 min.  MTA will take an 18% commission, a million dollars or more in extra

 annual revenue.

NJT Breaks Ground on Kearny Connection

Construction of the track connecting the NJ Transit Morris and Essex Lines to

 the Northeast Corridor began last month.  The new link will allow trains to run

 from the electrified M&E lines directly to Penn Station in New York.

Light Rail Wins NJ Converts

Politicians from both sides of the aisle are endorsing the plan for light rail

 service in North Jersey, and rejecting competing plans for more roads or

 busways.  Supporters include Sen. Lautenberg and Assembly Speaker Haytaian.

 Kudos to NJ-ARP for their efforts in building this coalition.

Second Thoughts About Boston "Big Dig"

Gov. William Weld of Massachussetts is reportedly reconsidering the decision to

 leave a rail connection between North and South Stations out of the

 multi-billion dollar Cenral Artery/Third Harbor Tunnel highway project.  NARP

 and local rail advocates fought long and hard against the car-only design.

 However, it may be too late to include tracks in the design.

MARC Buys Metra Locomotives

Six of the E9 locomotives which carried Chicago commuters on the Burlington

 Northern will continue in service on MARC.  The classic streamliners are

 expected to be used on the Brunswick Line, replacing the last of MARC's RDC

 cars.  A number of other cities, including Houston and Dallas, are eyeing the

 diesels for new or expanded commuter train service.

Compiled from BITNET, NJ-ARP newsletter, New York Times, Railpace

 

Join DVARP today!

Use the coupon on page 11

 

Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, February 20, 1:00 to 4:00    Temple Univ. Center City, 1616 Walnut

please see message board in lobby for room assignment

food, drinks, smoking prohibited in meeting room

Saturday, March 20, 1:00 to 4:00  Lansdowne (Delaware Co.)

Saturday, April 22, 12:30 to 3:00 Lansdale (Montgomery Co.)

 

Agenda for the February meeting:

1:00 Call to order, introductions,

agenda, minutes

1:15 Issues requiring immediate action:

RRD ridership rebuilding

RailWorks(R): shutdown II

NARP Region III meeting

Atlantic City-Philadelphia

 

 

2:15 Other business:

Commuter Rail Committee:

    Newtown

    Cross County Metro

    Transit Committee:

    Rider Report Card

    Rapid transit extensions

    General:

    SEPTA Operating Budget

    Community outreach

    Office space

 

 

Committee Meetings:

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Mar. 6, 12:00 to 2:00

at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 Chestnut St.  note new location!

Topics:  call DVARP Voice Mail, 215-222-3373, message box 2.


