1972 - 1992   DVARP Twentieth Anniversary

1892 - 1992   Philadelphia Electric Streetcar Centennial

The

Delaware Valley

	Rail Passenger



June 8, 1992

Vol. X, No. 6

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373

President: Chuck Bode	for other officers and committee chairs, see page 19



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger…

2	Republican budget in New Jersey means fewer trains, increased fares

2	SEPTA Operating Budget Hearings:  SEPTA trying to go out of business?

	Budget methods, documents panned in hearings.

	SEPTA threatens North Phila. trolley service again: why not the best?

	DVARP calls for innovative thinking on low-density transit.

6	RailWorks Roundup:  Ridership decline levels off.

	Subway has a bad month, but shuttle buses better.

	DVARP publishes Combined Timetable because SEPTA didn’t.

8	On the Railroad Lines:   SEPTA listens to DVARP, resumes one-car trains.

	Manayunk bridge is safe for R6 trains!

	Why is Night Owl bus ridership a disappointment?

10	Can trackless trolley routes survive El reconstruction?

	Where is the City Industrial Track, and will it be removed?

11	Port Authority gains wider powers: what does this mean for South Jersey?

12	News from NARP national meeting:  Amtrak funding, service.

14  Amtrak Update:  corridor cuts, Montréaler continues to serve Philadelphia.

16-17  DVARP Travel Guide to the Shore

19	Up and Down the Corridor. DVARP Directory. Meetings of Interest.



Missing Newsletters

A number of copies of the May issue of The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger were lost in the mail.  If you did not receive your copy, please call us, so we can rush you another.



Schedule Changes

Revised schedules went into effect last month on a variety of rail lines:  see inside for details.  If you ride the following lines, make sure to pick up latest timetables:

Amtrak Northeast Corridor, Montréaler

SEPTA R2 Warminster, R3 West Trenton, R5 Lansdale-Doylestown

SEPTA R2 Wilmington, R7 shuttle bus

NJ Transit Northeast Corridor	All DART bus routes 



NJT

Tax Rollback Means Pain to NJT Passengers

The Republican rollback of New Jersey Governor Florio’s tax plan could cause serious cuts in state funds for NJ Transit.  Contingency plans released by the transit agency prior to the tax vote threaten fare increases and service cuts of levels to be determined by actual state outlays.  Today, state funding pays for $218 million of the $790 million NJT budget.  Florio’s budget increased that figure by $67 million, enabling NJT to meet new Federal mandates for service to the disabled and new anti-pollution devices while avoiding a fare increase in 1992-93.

If that additional support is lost, NJT Director Shirley DeLibero said that fares would be increased 15%, 18 bus routes would be totally eliminated, and a total of 33 trains would be cut from seven different rail lines.  If further cuts are made at the Federal level, as in the budget proposed by President Bush, fares would be increased a total of 25%, while 35 bus routes would be dropped.  Rail service cuts would total 66 trains, including the complete shutdown of Atlantic City Rail Line service and the Boonton Line.  —Matthew Mitchell

Late bulletin:  Assembly budget plans announced last week include a cut of $35 million in NJT funding.  The effect of this cut on fares and service has not yet been determined.



SEPTA Budget Hearings Report

Does “We’re Getting There” mean “We’re Going Out of Business?”

Information obtained both through official channels and through unofficial “leaks” raises doubts about SEPTA’s continued viability and its will to provide useful service.  First was the Operating Budget proposal to eliminate most Regional Rail Division weekend service.  Since then, the Citizens’ Advisory Committee to SEPTA was told in a closed-to-the-public meeting that elimination of most evening and mid-day train service is also being considered.  The report from the meeting was that  SEPTA would go to a peak-hour-only train service, and that sources claim no further public hearings are necessary to do this.

From two other sources, we learn that consideration is being given to discontinuing all transit service after 8:00 pm and to ending all City Transit Division routes which extend into the suburbs.  Hearing notices for the first two bus service cuts were being prepared, but have not been posted yet.  While these may only be trial balloons intended to gauge the level of public outrage over draconian service cuts, the predominant thinking within SEPTA that service cuts are the answer to all fiscal problems is worrying.

Small towns have semi-functional bus systems so that transit-dependent poor or elderly persons can go to work or shopping or medical services.  These services typically operate during limited hours and carry very few passengers.  They exist as a social service.  Is the political leadership of the Delaware Valley so hopeless that it regards public transit as merely a social service?  If not, then why does SEPTA continue to advance these foolish proposals?

In one of the world’s largest metropolitan areas, full-service, full-time public transportation is an economic necessity, not a social handout.  For clean air, economic growth, and a better quality of life, our region needs more, not less, public transit.  The big airlines didn't close up shop because of the recession: they sold half-price tickets and had people jamming the reservations phones.  We call on SEPTA to get on the right track.—Chuck Bode



Examiner Urges Tighter SEPTA Analysis, More Candor	

	by John R. Pawson 

Barbara Mather, hearing examiner for the SEPTA FY 1993 Operating Budget hearings, specifically endorsed only one major SEPTA proposal for the upcoming fiscal year.  That is the elimination of weekend and midday service on the Ridge Avenue Spur of the Broad Street Subway outside and after the Railworks  shutdown period.

The examiner’s report reviews the SEPTA budget material unusually closely.  Unsatisfied with SEPTA’s provided data for the “temporary” bus conversion for streetcar routes 23, 15 and 56, she suggested that other alternatives be compared by employing the normal analytical techniques of economics.  

On the weekend Regional Rail service cuts, she did not concur but stated that otherwise, “new savings or revenues will be required.”  The budget requires an approximate 10% budget cut (or $65 million) compared to the current fiscal year.  About half of this ($32 million) is related to overly-sanguine ridership and revenue projections, the rest by cuts in or over-optimistic projections of the operating subsidies.

It seems that the slowness of the region’s economic recovery has affected both of SEPTA’s operating inputs.  However, the examiner noted that both New Jersey Transit and PATCO riderships have held up much better than SEPTA’s.  There is no indication of how much RailWorks  has contributed to the fiscal problem.  The examiner recommended much more financial detail in SEPTA’s budget, and more analysis of operating-versus-capital trade-offs.

SEPTA allocates $14.6 million in savings to what euphemistically is called “service changes.”  Unfortunately, how this is to be divided among the SEPTA divisions is stated nowhere; and that’s the rub.  Obviously, to know what (for instance) weekend train service and particular lines would be cut, someone must have known how that dollar figure was divided.  The public, however, is left in the dark.

We’ve seen these mysterious eight-dollar-digits grab-bags before:  in the capital budget.  Staff people will tell you that they can’t be broken down.  Can we believe that?  Maybe the point is that someone may not want them broken down.  This inscrutability makes it appear that details of service cuts will be left to the Authority’s “power brokers” who consult SEPTA’s “constituents” to make deals with them.

Such a modus operandi is one reason why DVARP and other groups and individuals earnestly interested in the future of public transport here become dismayed.  We can suggest service changes that will cut costs and increase revenues.  (Ideas aren’t all that rare.)  We are often able to quantify them.  In fact, over the  over the past few years, we’ve proposed a few million dollars in positive Regional Rail changes.  However, they haven’t been implemented.  Judging from what happened a decade ago in a previous recession, we are likely to get meat-ax cuts more than market-sensitive pruning and nurturing.

Perhaps SEPTA’s mores are a major factor why SEPTA exhibits: (a) a diminishing ratio of passengers-to-employees, (b) a customer decline for most of its transit routes, and (c) a loss over the past decade of one-quarter of its rail commuters while other commuter railroads generally have expanded.  Basically, SEPTA’s become a politically-rather than an economics-or market-driven entity; and that trend must be reversed.

DVARP’s proposal to reorganize SEPTA to make it more responsive and more cost-effective was not repeated by other persons at the hearing.  As a result, the bearing examiner took no stand on it. A copy of DVARP’s report and statement is available on request; please send $2.00 to cover printing and mailing costs.  



Experts Criticize SEPTA Budget 

The half-baked service cuts proposed in SEPTA’s budget were the last straw for several local transit experts, who added their voices to the chorus panning SEPTA’s document.  Vucan Vuchic, Transportation professor at Penn, agreed with DVARP that SEPTA’s single-minded approach of service cuts and more service cuts in response to budgetary problems is ultimately destructive.  Vuchic urged SEPTA to build ridership, agreeing with many of DVARP’s points.  

Similar testimony was made by Stephen Bartlett of the City Planning Commission.  His staff had traditionally deferred to the City Transportation Office in these matters, but the current proposal for service cuts was so severe and so undocumented, that he believed he must speak out.  Bartlett demolished SEPTA’s naïve assumption that ridership will not fall as a result of the cuts.

Both experts’ statements spoke of the continued anti-streetcar bais of some of SEPTA’s staff.  Bartlett described “SEPTA’s truly terrible history of actions and inactions and outright hypocrisy…” while Vuchic said that an “emotional long tradition of boycotting streetcars by some circles within SEPTA, a remnant of the transit agencies’ mentality from the 1950s” flies in the face of public preference of rail service and “cannot be allowed to dictate SEPTA’s policies on modes.”  Vuchic added: “Within SEPTA, the streetcar mode has been subservient to ‘bus people’…. This problem must be solved by SEPTA’s manage-ment through appointment of a person knowlegeable about light rail mode with autonomy from bus sector pressures and boycotts of this mode.”—MDM



Are PCC Cars as Expensive as SEPTA Says?

SEPTA’s proposed Operating Budget continues the relentless assault on North Philadelphia streetcar routes 15, 23, and 56.  The 15 is to be converted to diesel buses, while 56 is to be converted to trackless trolleys for about 5 years.  Route 23 would be split into three (could this be intended to make though rides from Chestnut Hill and Germantown to Center City so inconvenient that everyone will transfer to the subway?)  with the northern and southern ends operated by trackless trolleys and the central portion from Center City to Erie Ave. run with buses.  This would enable SEPTA to permanently dispose of its PCC trolley fleet, increase usage of the trackless fleet, and minimize local complaints about pollution from buses.  The old Luzerne carhouse could be closed, yielding cost savings.

SEPTA’s case is based on what it says is the high cost of PCC operation.  In a revealing response to questions from the City of Philadelphia, SEPTA reported that it costs $69 per day to maintain the Kawasaki LRVs operated on the Subway-Surface lines, while the PCCs still in use cost $174 per day to maintain.  However, the economies of scale of the larger, modern, Elmwood Depot may have much more to do with the alleged difference than the differing vehicles.  For about 80 percent of the reporting period, only 16 to 18 PCCs were in use, compared to over 80 LRVs.

At various times, SEPTA has complained that PCC parts are hard to find, and must sometimes be fabricated in-shop.  What then of the other cities?  Portland just began operation of new “old-fashioned” tourist trolleys based on PCC components.  NJ Transit runs a reliable all-PCC fleet in Newark.  Should SEPTA contract out maintenance to an organization that can do it right?  What about the expensive high-tech components used in the LRVs?   

Hearing Examiner Barbara Mather hired a consultant to help digest SEPTA’s proposals.  The consultant gathered data from other cities to compare to SEPTA’s.  Operating cost per vehicle revenue hour was found to be:  New Orleans $42, Newark $81, SEPTA $91, San Francisco $151, Pittsburgh $154, Boston $234, and Cleveland $245.  

The astonishing finding is that the lowest-cost operations all used the oldest cars.  No off-the-shelf parts are available for the 1924 cars in New Orleans, but they have been rebuilt in-house and are reliable and inexpensive.  Boston, San Francisco, and Cleveland all use new articulated LRVs, some of which have had serious and costly problems with high-tech electronic components.  Will SEPTA dispose of PCCs to save money, promise to purchase LRVs, and then tell the passengers that the promised new streetcars are too costly to use?

If SEPTA really thinks that the PCC cars are too expensive, it can transfer some of the present LRV fleet surplus to North Philadelphia.  Seasonal drops in summer ridership combine with the recession to reduce the fleet needs at Elmwood.  The extra cars would provide welcome air conditioning to summertime trolley passengers on the 15, 23, and 56.  Then again, passengers may find out that we can have good streetcar service in North Philadelphia, and they’ll never again settle for second-best.—CB 



Innovative Low-cost Service Can Expand Public Transit

SEPTA recently held a hearing to discontinue the Route 203 bus, which connects the plants of Ford and Merck to R5 Pennbrook station.  For a variety of reasons, the 203 did not develop its expected ridership.  About 34 passengers presently use the line, yielding about $34,000 in annual revenue, which is not enough to cover all of SEPTA’s operating costs.  But SEPTA operates Route 203 as a branch of a “big-time” transit operation, complete with high overhead costs, and that might not be appropriate.

This route illustrates an important issue for the future of mass transit.  Development of both housing and business, has spread through suburban areas at low density.  Continued growth means that these areas, though low in population and job density, contain a large and growing fraction of the potential market for transit.   Traditional transit service was optimized for areas of high development density.   If transit is to succeed and remain a viable travel option and a worthwhile economic investment, it must develop a successful service for these low-density areas.

DVARP suggests the SEPTA take a different approach: to “think small” and discard its big-system dogmas and associated costs.  We suggest that these services not be a scaled-down big-city transit system and these services be modeled on a delivery service or mom-and-pop taxi company— “Help wanted:  must provide own car.”

Examination of Route 203 shows that typical passenger loadings could be accommodated in a minivan-type vehicle.  An operating cost of 30 cents per mile and a gross labor cost of $10.00 per hour would allow Route 203 to make a small surplus.  This approach works in sprawling, car-oriented suburbs of Dallas.  It is time for SEPTA to try innovation.  Route 203 should be an opportunity to improve, not a problem to discontinue!  For a copy of DVARP’s statement, please send a stamped self-addressed envelope.



Hearing Examiner’s Report: Damning with Faint Praise

While she recommended that most of SEPTA’s proposals be adopted, Hearing Examiner Barbara Mather’s support of the SEPTA budget was decidedly lukewarm.   The budget process came in for criticism, even though Mather found that SEPTA had complied with its legal mandate.  She concluded: “The near absence of that level of detail or those anslyses made it virtually impossible for interested governments, associations and individuals, or for that matter the Hearing Examiner, to make any determination on the appropriateness of the recommendation.”

Mather identified further questions which should be answered to the SEPTA Board’s satisfaction before service cuts and the conversion of North Phila. streetcar routes are implemented. She specifically rejected SEPTA’s assumption that weekend rail service cuts would not have a significant effect on revenues.  She also found fault with the economic rationale for trolley conversion, saying that although “PCC operating costs are high… I cannot conclude that conversion is advantageous.”  She agreed with the consultants that the docu-mentation for this plan was weak, and not based on sound economic analysis.  

The consultant agreed with DVARP’s longstanding position that the budget does not go into enough detail at department level.  It was also recommended that the entire process be reformed, to see that the Board makes the crucial decisions about service levels and plans rather than unaccountable staffers.

Never before has a SEPTA budget received such harsh and detailed criticism from a Hearing Examiner.  Now the vital issues are in the Board’s hands; will the Board accept business as usual or will it demand changes?—MDM

Vignettes from the hearings…

J. Thomas Collins, Schedule Section Manager for SEPTA, was observed in the back of the room, quietly taking notes whenever a witness complained about poor service.  Kudos to him for taking the time to listen and act on the complaints and suggestions.

When a passenger complained that the railcars SEPTA had repaired at great effort to keep service running on Route 100 were too old, little did he know that the SEPTA official whom he was directing the complaints to was none other than Acting AGM Ronald DeGraw, the man who literally “wrote the book” on the former P & W, and one of the line’s strongest champions.  DeGraw listened patiently to the harangue; and when he finally said “I’d rather not respond to that,” several top SEPTA personnel abandoned their professional demeanor for a moment to double over laughing.—MDM



RailWorks®  Roundup

Ridership Decline Levels Off

  The beginning of June saw an encouraging sign:  the hemorrhage of the Fern Rock rush-hour passenger base seems to have subsided.  DVARP counts show an encouraging 3.6% increase in June from May.  Overall the loss of passengers remains slightly less than one-third for the FRTC afternoon rush.

For R2, R3 and R5 the morning peak comprises about 4300 persons and the evening about 3900. Numerous passengers of those three key lines apparently have decided to avoid the short RRD segment of their journeys; several hundred more cars now park on the streets of the Fern Rock neighborhood.

The situation is much the same in Chestnut Hill.  About 550 more cars now fill the R8 parking lots and spill over into those nearby streets which aren’t posted.  These refugees from R2/3/5, together with those now driving all the way to Center City, have markedly increased congestion on nearby Paper Mill Road between the Route 309 interchange and city line.  One long-time Center City driver says that his North Penn-to-downtown commute has increased from 50 minutes to 75 minutes, largely in the second week of Railworks, the period in which DVARP observed a sharp decline in R2/5 parking lot usage.

By accounting for observed parked-car shifts, DVARP estimates that some 4370 more cars drive to center city on weekdays, in addition to the Chestnut Hill and Fern Rock “drive ins.”  Besides the arterial congestion, this adds at least 360 kilograms of volatile organic compounds (not to mention more ozone) to our already-dirty air each weekday.  Some 120,000 more daily vehicle miles are responsible.  Because of what seems to be a news blackout after the first week of Railworks, little of the disaster is reaching the public.

In consumer dollar terms, too, it is more costly to drive farther to public transportation or all the way downtown.  Our estimate of monthly net cost to the former SEPTA commuters is $335,000.  If a $3 per hour value for time spent behind the steering wheel is added, that aggregate cost rises to $573,000 per month.

If SEPTA were to operate 22 daily commuter trains via Conrail’s excellently-maintained alternate route, DVARP figures that the net operating cost to SEPTA would be only $160,000 per month.  Therefore, SEPTA’s continued resistance to offering essential through train service to and from center city represents economizing at the region’s expense.  

DVARP continues to advance the cause of alternative through service around the Railworks work site, one which mimics as closely as possible the former services.  We urge support for this concept so that it can be implemented before the ozone-polluted days of midsummer.  Non-electric commuter rail and bus services operate safely and cleanly in ventilated terminals in Chicago, Montreal, Toronto, New York City and Los Angeles.  It should be possible, at least temporarily, “to find a way or make one” in Center City Philadelphia, too.—John R. Pawson 



DVARP Publishes Jenkintown-Glenside Timetable

Commuters along the trunk stations of the R2, R3 and R5 lines welcomed DVARP’s release of a combined timetable for the three lines.  SEPTA did not issue a combined timetable for the RailWorks shutdown, so DVARP stepped in.  Hundreds of copies were distributed at Elkins Park, Jenkintown, and Glenside.  The DVARP timetable also identifies subway connections where SEPTA timetables still contradict each other, even after published revisions last month, to Broad-Ridge Spur passengers may also find it useful.

To obtain a copy of the Combined Timetable, send a stamped, self-addressed envelope to DVARP.    



A Bad Month for Broad Street

Reliability of the Broad Street Subway connection used by displaced rail commuters took a nosedive last month, which continues to this day.  On at least a half-dozen occasions, backups on the northbound express tracks have caused delays of 5 to 30 minutes.  Some days, RRD trains are being held at Fern Rock; other days, there have been missed connections and irate passengers.  A few failures have affected the morning rush hour; access to the Fern Rock platform had to be cut off to prevent dangerous overcrowding.

Sources say that the interlocking plant at Fern Rock was to blame for at least some of the problems.  The complicated Y-shaped junction has been a bottleneck which DVARP didn’t anticipate; minor delays at the tunnel portal have been routine, as northbound trains wait for one of the two platform tracks to be cleared.  Fortunately, scheduled connecting times are long enough that the typical subway delays of 2 to 5 minutes do not cause serious problems.



Passing Between Cars is Dangerous, so Don’t Do It!

If you now ride the Broad Street Subway because of RailWorks, read the above headline two or three times.  Many commuters have been observed passing from car to car to try to find a seat as the train leaves Fern Rock.  However, there are several sharp curves between Fern Rock and Olney, which cause the buffers between cars to shift back and forth very quickly.  That shifting could cause a passenger between cars to lose his or her footing and have a tragic fall.  

Because of this hazard, passing between the cars while a trains is moving is against SEPTA rules.  On the Broad St. line, it is even forbidden when the train is stopped.  Wait until the train reaches the next station to move from car to car, or take the next train from Fern Rock.  A place to sit down and make productive use of travel time is important to commuter rail passengers, but it is not worth your life!



Conshohocken shuttle reliability improved

SEPTA seems to have gotten the kinks out of the R6 alternate operating out of Conshohocken.  It also appears that the Conshohocken shuttle is attracting cars from other stations as the parking lot appears quite full.  In fact there were people parking in the grass.  

	Sched. 	Actual 	Actual  	

		(4/7)	(5/7)

	5:30	5:55	5:34  

	5:45	6:07	5:53 

	6:15	6:28	6:18 

	6:45	7:07	6:40* 

	7:15	7:18	7:09* 

(*Arrived early, departed on-time)

 SEPTA no longer has a conductor collecting fares at Conshohocken Station.  



Refunds Resolved?

SEPTA says that the case of the passenger receiving a “service guarantee” refund of only $1.00 was an isolated incident caused by his not filling out the refund card correctly.  This is a good time for a reminder that the cards must be filled out carefully and completely, or your refund claim will be denied.  

Meanwhile, the snafu where ComPass participants were unable to cash in the refund vouchers has been resolved.  Passengers can bring the vouchers to Market East or Suburban Station for a cash refund (be prepared to show your pass with the “c” on the sticker) or indicate on the refund card that you get your pass at work.



SEPTA Tries to Lure Passengers to Station Shopping

Small business proprietors are still concerned about the falloff in their business caused by RailWorks.  SEPTA is trying to help the businesses survive by urging passengers to maintain their old shopping habits despite new travel patterns.  To sweeten the deal, TrailPass drawings were held at Market East stores and are going on now in Penn Center.  



Customer Information:  

PA announcements a success, Quick catch fails to beat the gun

SEPTA knew that passenger communications would have much to do with the success or failure of RailWorks.  Like much of the rest of the project, results have been mixed.  The good news comes in routine public address announcements.  On-board employees on both subway and commuter rail have done an excellent job of routinely informing passengers about how to make the train-to-train transfer, and what to do downtown.  PA announcements from RRD Control Center to those stations equipped with speakers have

However, SEPTA’s multi-million dollar PR campaign to help make the rail shutdown easier on commuters continues to deliver information too late, after passengers have found out their best routes by trial and error.  Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Mike Quick has been enlisted as a PR spokesman, giving “Quick Tips.”   But those tips only started appearing late last month.  Not the speed that Quick displays on the football field…



Compiled from reports by Chuck Bode, Tom Borawski, Matt Mitchell, and John Pawson

“RailWorks®” is a registered trademark of SEPTA



On the Railroad Lines…

One-car Trains are Back

For several years now, DVARP has been urging SEPTA to run Regional Rail trains with only one car when passenger loadings do not require more.  We are pleased to report that this has finally been implemented on the R2, R3, and R5 lines north of Fern Rock.  The cost reduction will help increase the viability of the service.  

Passenger reports indicate that some of the one-car trains are overcrowded in morning and evening hours, and that crew assignments may have not been reduced yet.  Both are minor points which should be promptly adjusted, and should not detract from the long-term benefits.—CB



R6

Track Progress, Another Station Destroyed

The Norristown Line reconstruction project has completed the installation of welded rail from Spring Mill to an area just south of Mogees.  Pandrol® clips have been installed on both tracks. 

Any passenger who has information on who trashed the Conshohocken shelter, please contact SEPTA at 580–4020.—Tom Borawski



Manayunk Viaduct Test Positive for Ivy Ridge Service 

The “crumbling” viaduct which carries the partly-discontinued R6 line across the Schuylkill is structurally sound but will need repairs, Urban Engineers, Inc. has reported to SEPTA.  “Bridge 7.70,” constructed about 1918 with 16 concrete arches above the river, has been spalling surface concrete for years.  Nets have been added to catch the fragments before they can hit people or property.

SEPTA ended train service between Cynwyd and Ivy Ridge stations, 2.3 miles, on May 17, 1986.  SEPTA was mum, but DVARP discovered that the Federal Railroad Administration had found track, not bridge, defects.  At the time, the bridge’s deterioration was quite evident; and the rationalization was that the trains stopped running because of safety concerns.  The actual motivation may have been to shorten the R6 route so that its operation would require one less train and crew.  Since 1986, the Cynwyd-Ivy Ridge (upper level) trackage has been restored to a safe and effective operating condition.

The engineers state that “at no locations in the main arches or base piers do the predicted stresses exceed the compressive strength of the concrete as determined by [the test] cores… The structural integrity of the bridge… is not in question… This deterioration may be considered at this point in time cosmetic in nature.”  They suggest three stages of repairs, beginning with immediate repairs to cost $10,000,000.  Repairs recommended within five years would cost $7.5 million more; the remainder, within a decade, another $3.2 million.  The immediate repairs are expected to arrest further significant deterioration and to forestall further dropping of fragments with resulting lawsuits.

So why aren’t trains running, particularly with RailWorks closing the Norristown Line and its lower-level Ivy Ridge station? With this report, the reason is no longer “infrastructure.” Obviously, a later, temporary closure might be needed for repairs (after RailWorks); but the trains could roll seen, given the will and the money.

Oh, in case you wondered, Urban Engineers reports that demolishing the historically registered bridge would create much opposition and might “easily range between $30 and $60 million.” —JRP



R7

Ugly Incident on Trenton Train

While most of the time, we think of commuter rail as a civilized way to travel, unpleasant reality sets in once in a while.   A dispute between two passengers turned ugly one night last week, racial slurs were hurled, and a New Brunswick man stabbed a Philadelphia man.  The train was delayed for about a half hour as police were summoned to arrest the assailant.

Does Chicago have the answer to unruly passengers?

Chicago’s commuter rail authority Metra is taking a discrete, but vigilant approach to enforcing standards of passenger behavior.  Conductors have been issued small cards listing Metra rules.  The conductor checks the appropriate box(es) and hands the card to the passenger, reducing the confrontational aspect of rules enforcement.  As always, Metra puts a positive spin on the matter: the bottom of the card says “Thank you for riding Metra.”



MFSE

Where are the Night Owl Passengers?

Last summer, SEPTA converted 12:30 am to 5:00 am rapid transit service from trains to buses, amid great promises that the service would actually be better.  Do the passengers think otherwise?  During the Operating Budget hearings, several people reported that ridership is greatly reduced on the replacement bus service, for which reason they opposed SEPTA plan to convert late-night subway-surface service to buses.  

SEPTA stated that the recession was to blame for ridership losses, not the switch away from rail.  Apparently, passengers have changed their travel schedules to ride the first or last trains rather than the buses.  That these people, who mostly ride transit to get to or from work, changed their schedules to keep riding the train is one of the strongest demonstrations yet that people of all social classes prefer rail service.  We hope the message is received loud and clear, both at SEPTA headquarters and in Harrisburg and Washington.—CB 



Remember SEPTA Service to Orchestra Concerts

The Philadelphia Orchestra concert series at the Mann Music Center resumes this month, and SEPTA will again offer express bus service from Center City to and from the concerts.  The buses leave from Broad and Locust at 6:55 pm, then operate via Spruce St., 18th, J.F.K., 20th, Arch, 22nd, and the Parkway.  RRD connections can be made at 18th and Market; buses leave there at 7:00.  Check the special flyer for other stop locations.   The one-way fare is $2.00; tokens and passes are not accepted.  Regular-route service of the 40, 43, and 85 buses terminate at 49th and Parkside, 3 blocks from the Mann.  —MDM



STD

Schedule Switcheroo

With the completion of construction work, the Norristown High-Speed Line has reverted to the old schedule dated September 1991.  This may cause confusion for some passengers and employees, as the timetables dated March 30, 1992 are now obsolete.



New SEPTA Departments Increase Accountability

SEPTA has established two new high-level departments to oversee the actions of the other departments.  Former City of Philadelphia Inspector General Leon Wigrizer has been hired to the same position at SEPTA.  His job is to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse.  A tip line has been established:  580-3797.  A systemwide safety office has also been established.—MDM



SEPTA Tries to Keep Trackless Routes Going

SEPTA is again studying ways to keep trackless trolleys in service on Routes 59 and 75 during upcoming Frankford El reconstruction.  The El construction will close streets now used to move the trolleybuses from Frankford Depot to their regular routes.  The trackless routes themselves are unaffected.  SEPTA’s proposed budget includes $2.3 million for a temporary maintenance facility to be used by the 75 and by the proposed temporary trackless operation of streetcar routes 25 and 56.  However, the widely -criticized plan for temporary conversion of trolley routes is unlikely to go forward.  Meetings have been held to explore less costly alternatives  which would keep the trackless routes operating out of their Frankford Depot home.  

Here are a few ideas:  each depot maintains a tow/push truck which is used to retrieve disabled buses.  These trucks are probably little-used early in the morning and late at night.  They could push or tow the trackless trolleys into and out of service.  The distance without wire is only five blocks, while a total of 19 vehicles are required for the two lines.  (Elected Officials’ Study)  Trucks are available from both Frankford and Comly Depots; and since an exact tow-out schedule is not necessary, it should be possible to move the vehicles in and out during the “owl” period.  Depending on truck availability, some of the vehicles could be brought in earlier in the evening.

Pratt St. connects the depot with Route 59, also a five block distance.  Three diesel bus routes already operate on Pratt, so if temporary electrification were strung on Pratt, only about 50 daily trips would be added to traffic.  Further mitigating the effect on Frankford neighbors is the clean and quiet nature of the trolleybus compared to its diesel cousin or to the dozens of cars it replaces.  

An option with long-term benefits would be the conversion of Route 2 to trackless and extending it to the Wayne Jct. 75 terminus.  This would connect South Philadelphia trackless routes 29 and 79 with the rest of the two-wire system and reduce the need to tow vehicles the long distance to Courtland Shop.  Through-routing 2 and 75 would make new crosstown links and give residents direct access to jobs via Wayne Jct. and the Regional Rail system.

The long-term future of all the trackless trolley routes remains uncertain.  Throughout SEPTA’s various proposals, including those for North Philadelphia streetcars, is the tone that SEPTA’s plan is only to use the trackless trolleys for six more years, at which time Federal Transit Administration mandates expire and SEPTA can scrap them. —CB



Developers to Take City Line?

The relocation of Inquirer and Daily News printing plants to Conshohocken will remove the main customers on Conrail’s ex-Reading “City Industrial Track” near Callowhill St. in Center City Philadelphia.  Now real estate developers are eying to take the line for construction.  The track is totally grade-separated, running in tunnel for five blocks near the Art Museum.  From there it runs about two miles and across the Schuylkill to the junction called “Belmont” and the Y-shaped bridges back across the river.  Lines from there lead to Norristown and to the Wayne Junction vicinity.  The latter is the line over which DVARP says alternate service during “RailWorks” construction should run.  While there is no connection between the City Industrial Track and the Northeast Corridor, both lines have spurs into an industrial park which could be linked up.  

The grade-separation of the City Industrial Track in Center City is an almost-priceless asset.  Construction of new elevated or subway lines in other cities is costing hundreds of millions of dollars.  Will developers be allowed to destroy it for a pittance or will reusing the line for passenger train service be explored first?—MDM



Port Authority Gains New Rail Powers

All but complete in its path through the federal law-making process are changes in Delaware River Port Authority’s legal mandate to expand somewhat its powers.  New Jersey Senate bill 3757 of 1991 and its Pennsylvania counterpart expand the port district so that now includes all five southeastern Pennsylvanian Counties as well as Burlington County and the New Jersey counties to the south.

DRPA is enabled further to acquire railroad facilities and to acquire and build anywhere in the port district for a rapid transit system.  It is to unify the port district and plan for and develop it.  It may establish operating divisions.  Motor buses and their terminals & garages are added to its permitted activities.

DRPA’s current work to establish a terminal yard for the Delaware and Hudson RR in South Philadelphia is well known.  We understand that there are no considerations of expanding PATCO operations in Pennsylvania as a con-sequence of enlarging DRPA’s scope to include all five SEPTA counties.—JRP



South Jersey Service:  Reality or Symbolism?	by John Pawson

Accompanying the less-remarked DRPA changes is media interest in the current rail study being done for the three suburban New Jersey counties.  Local interest in extending the New York/Trenton oriented corridor via Bordentown, Burlington, Camden, Woodbury and beyond seems to have waned.  So too is interest in reaching Center City Philadelphia.  (Is it politically “not correct?”)

The latest idea, according to South Jersey newspapers, is a route shaped like an inverted “L”: Mount Laurel Township–Moorestown–Maple Shade–Camden(?)–Woodbury–Glassboro.  This idea quickly generated a storm in Moorestown, where the Conrail freight spur runs down the center of Third Street.  Burlington County Freeholder Robert King was quoted as saying: “Anybody who thinks that train is going through Moorestown is crazy.”  An editorialist reacted by proposing that a track be placed in the median of I-295 without saying how it would be accessed, where it would go or whom it would carry.

It is obvious that rail service here (not to mention the cross-county corridor north of Philadelphia) is being raised to a symbolic level.  The notion that rail service can be run successfully without any grounding in a center city area having many tens of thousands of jobs seems to be expounded here, and it just doesn’t accord with experience.

Unless the idea is construction for its own sake (or the profits of those who build it), rail service must be brought down off the pedestal.  It must widely involve large numbers of people attracted by an economic service on a reasonably long, direct, and specific route linking stations with significant utility to travel needs.

Expressiveness without self-discipline can only lead to boondoggles.  Officials and writers at least should wait until the study is published and the public has had a chance to read it, to consider it rationally and comment on it. 



“Try Marketing Week?”

The nationwide transit marketing campaign “Try Transit Week” passed quietly in Philadelphia.  While SEPTA held a noontime Center City event honoring transit employees,  it continues to forget the ridership-building side of the budget equation.  Members of SEPTA’s Area Coalition for Transportation might have to jump-start the process in their own companies and institutions.

PATCO and NJ Transit were with the program, promoting the convenience of their services in messages aimed at car commuters.  Even if only a few of these people switch from to transit, the marketing cost is quickly repaid.—MDM



NARP Meeting Report

Amtrak Finances 

While Amtrak’s very existence is no longer under direct attack, funding constraints are severely restricting the railroad’s ability to perform its mission.  Shortage of rolling stock means that service cannot be added in promising new markets, nor can capacity be expanded on routes which regularly sell out.  Amtrak’s president, Graham Claytor, has pointed out that since 1985, depreciation has exceeded capital investment by $500 million.  This means that Amtrak is not even replacing itself, and cannot continue indefinitely to maintain the existing network at current levels of capital funding.

The problem is that Amtrak has to compete with many other parties for a very limited pool of federal funds.  The budget agreement of 1990 created walls between military spending, domestic programs, and entitlements.  Amtrak is at the bottom of the priority list in surface transportation programs, behind highways and transit, and a proposed constitutional amendment to require balanced budgets also poses a potential threat.  Hence, the proposal of Rep. Al Swift of Washington to dedicate a penny of the gas tax toward Amtrak capital needs.  This would generate approximately one billion dollars per year, and allow Amtrak to acquire the equipment it needs to adequately serve its markets, and improve stations and other facilities.  Swift’s bill, H.R. 4414, would not raise taxes nor take money away from highway construction, but rather would take the penny from the 2 cents now set aside for deficit reduction.  The bill now has about 30 co-sponsors, including Curt Weldon, Lucien Blackwell, and Don Ritter (PA); William Hughes (NJ); and Tom Carper (DE).  More are needed.  Urge your Representative to become a cosponsor.  It may not pass this time, but it will come back, and it is important.  It would allow Amtrak to develop long-range capital plans with assurance that the money would be there.

Amtrak Operations

On the operating side the problems are more immediate.  The recession, which may or may not be ending, has reduced revenues and expenses continue to be driven upward by inflation. Amtrak has already started to trim service.  On Memorial Day weekend one-half of the Saturday conventional service running on the Corridor was eliminated, including one of the two trains that went to Boston via Springfield.  The daily Harrisburg-Atlantic City train was reduced to weekend service only, though the train continues to run on weekdays between Harrisburg and Philadelphia.  Amtrak has also cut staff and shortened consists to save money.

Aside from covering the current shortfall, there is also fear that Amtrak is cutting corners to meet its long-range goal of becoming operationally self-sufficient by the year 2000, and that this is effecting service quality.  Though Amtrak may be painting itself into a corner, the political reality is that it must move toward this goal. In order to have any chance of covering its operating costs, service must be improved.  When customers have bad experiences, Amtrak loses an opportunity for repeat business.  Service must also be expanded and this will require investment in new cars and stations, which brings us back to the need for dedicated funding.

Concern was also expressed about the impact a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget would have.  A pending deficit would force Congress to look for places to cut spending and Amtrak may be very vulnerable when choices have to be made.  This also adds another reason to have a trust fund.

Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act (ISTEA) of 1991 

An afternoon session was devoted to a panel discussion of the changes wrought by ISTEA and its implications for public transportation.  At the outset it should be noted that ISTEA does not cover intercity rail service.  Amtrak is only affected to the extent it provides local commutation service.

The act confers two important benefits on transit.  First, with some minor exceptions, it equalizes the federal/state matching ratios for highway and transit projects.  This has the impact of leveling the playing field for local decision making, as no longer can local or state dollars be leveraged further by spending them on highways.  Second, the act treats transportation as an integrated whole, rather than as separate modes.  This flexibility provides both opportunity and dangers.  While highway dollars can be spent on transit lines, the reverse is also true.  Transit advocates must pay more attention than ever to the political process and make sure that the case for good public transportation is made.

It is also important to remember that while ISTEA offers some real benefits for transit programs and authorizes the expenditure of funds for the next six years, it does not appropriate any funds. That requires separate legislation, and here again we need to pay attention to the political process in order to ensure that the funding is actually there.

Another factor to keep in mind is the leverage provided by the Clean Air Act Amendments of 1991.  This makes it difficult to add highway capacity in metropolitan areas that do not meet air quality standards.  Philadelphia is classified as a severe non-attainment area.

NARP Matters 

Organization finances are in better shape than they were a year ago, but some problems remain. The AAR grant is now restricted, but new grants have come in from ABB and Bombardier.  The (900) hot line number is earning $12,000 per year, and the application for non-profit status is moving along with approval likely by October.  The principal advantage of the latter is that it grants a tax deduction to contributors.

The decision to move the NARP Hot Line to a (900) number is still controversial.  The recorded message now costs $5 regardless of where you call from, whereas formerly the message was free, but you had to pay the toll charges.  It is a revenue earner, but call volume is down 75%. The current arrangement will continue for the rest of the year, but the issue will be considered again at the Fall meeting.

The pleasurable highlight of the meeting was an evening trip to Baltimore on MARC.  Some of us went to Oriole Park to see the home team beat the Mariners, while the rest of us enjoyed a ride up to Timonium on the new light rail line.  The line isn’t open yet for regular service, but is running ball game specials.  The new ball park is immediately adjacent to the rail station, giving rail passengers better access to the entrance than those who park in the lots.

—John A. Dawson



Pennsylvania Needs Clean Air Legislation

As a result of the 1990 Federal Clean Air Act, Pennsylvania must revise its air pollution laws.  This is an opportunity to promote public transportation as a solution to the region’s problem of poor air quality and resulting increases in health-care costs.  

Unfortunately, transit is in danger of being left out of the bill now under consideration.  Members are urged to write or call their State Senators and Representatives to urge that public transportation be supported in the clean air legislation and in the next state budget (which begins July 1). —CB



Amtrak Cuts Saturday Corridor Service 

Amtrak made sudden cuts in Northeast Corridor service last month, in response to recession-induced budget pressures.  Saturday service will operate at two-hour intervals in the afternoon and evening, with the last train from Philadelphia to Washington leaving at 10:07 pm, rather than 12:48 am Sunday morning.  Comparable cuts were made north of New York. 

On the Empire Corridor, Amtrak made several changes to the afternoon New York-Albany schedule and midday returns.  Philadelphia-Atlantic City trains 693 and 696 have been cut back to Saturday and Sunday only.  The Harrisburg-Philadelphia legs of these trains remain at the daily frequency.  A small folder (Form SC-92-1) detailing the changes has been published by Amtrak.  Pick one up at your station or call 1-800-USA-RAIL for schedule information.—MDM



Reprieve for Montreal-Washington Service

Amtrak has reconsidered its tentative plan (see last month’s DVRP)to cut Montréaler service back to Boston instead of through to Washington.  The projected budget savings were not as much as first thought, so the existing schedule will be retained.  Interested passengers should pick up the card-form timetable, as the timetable book shows a blank space and explanation that “the service and schedule of the Montréaler, …are subject to change.”  

What has changed is equipment used for the train.  To keep the train short enough for a single locomotive to pull, Amtrak cut the consist from two sleepers to one and elmininated the dinette car.  The four “Heritage Fleet” coaches are replaced by three Amcoaches. 

Some good news for Montréaler passengers came in the form of a Supreme Court decision favoring Amtrak in a dispute with Guilford Transportation, owners of the former B&M tracks on which the train travels in Vermont.  Cash-starved Guilford stopped maintaining its “Conn River Line,”  leading to track deterioration and the suspension of the Montréaler in 1987.  Amtrak exercised a legal power enabling it to condemn and purchase the line.  Amtrak turned around and sold the line to Canadian National subsidiary Central Vermont, which repaired the line so service could be restored in 1989.  Guilford sued on grounds that the legislation did not permit a resale.  Guilford’s District Court win was overturned by the 6-3 Supreme Court decision.—MDM



New Glory for Penn Station?

Speculation is rising that Amtrak may take over a portion of the New York General Post Office when the Postal Service moves a portion of its operation from the vast Eighth Avenue building to new facilities.  Visions of the grand mixed-use facilities such as the the newly-renovated 30th Street Station could be inspiring those plans.  Even with recent upgrading, Amtrak’s facilities at Penn are merely adequate, and the bustle of thousands of other users detracts from the “civilized” image which Amtrak tries to cultivate.  Such a revitalization of Amtrak’s busiest station would be the crowning touch on the Northeast Corridor Improvement Project.  Some kind of expansion of passenger capacity in New York will be necessitated by the Project, as reduced travel times on the Boston-New York section should make the train time-competitive with air travel.  

With the likely cost of the project well into nine figures, a “co-development” partner from the real estate business will have to foot most of the capital.  That in turn will depend on an economic rebound lifting demand for retail and/or office space.  Can this challenge be turned into the successes of Boston and Washington and Chicago?  Perhaps we’ll see in 1997.—MDM



RailReading

Two recent magazines include features of interest to area rail passengers.  The June issue of Trains features Amtrak’s new locomotives and other equipment, and describes future service plans.  Passenger Train Journal published a special issue in April on high-speed rail.  The issue includes Amtrak’s plans to renovate the Boston-New York segment of the Northeast Corridor and a look at high-speed trains already running in Europe.—MDM

Trains is usually available at most larger bookstores.  To find Passenger Train Journal, visit your local hobby shop, or the bookstore in 30th St. Station.



Will Rail be Part of Heritage Park?

A broad coalition is forming around the concept of a Schuylkill River State Heritage Park.  The Park would be a corridor spanning the five counties which the river traverses.  It would have a polyglot of private and public attractions which would add tourist dollars to the five county region.

DVARP is interested in making a virtue out of necessity.  If SEPTA is thinking of terminating weekend service on the R6, would not a private carrier operating to Pottsville soften the blow ? The nature of the Schuylkill River State Heritage Park excludes the automobile from many of the attractions:  Geography dictates that it be a parking-lot-less park.

At this moment the park is at the cell-division stage.  A Management Action Plan is the next step. All DVARP members and interested private parties are invited to contribute ideas and proposals. Write to  The Schuylkill River Greenway Association at the following address for information on your county task force. (The Association would appreciate an S.A.S.E.): Schuylkill River Greenway Association 960 Old Mill Road Wyomissing, PA 19610 —TB



Stations Need Volunteers

Some commuter rail stations have been adopted, officially or unofficially, by neighboring community organizations or individuals.  DVARP member John Woodland suggests that subway and elevated stations might benefit from the same kind of TLC.  One problem in getting the job done is the dichotomy of responsibility.  Maintenance of the Center City Concourse and its entrances, which is what most people really are complaining about when they complain about subway stations, is the responsibility of the City of Philadelphia and various building owners.  They have so far evaded that responsibility. 

If you know someone who might be interested in beautifying a station, contact DVARP, and contact Annie August of SEPTA, 580-5831.—MDM



Want to Buy a Train?

Dozens of advertisements have been placed in industry and railfan magazines soliciting bids for purchase of the 20 E9A locomotives which plied the Chicago-Aurora commuter line for Burlington Northern.  Though over 30 years old, the classic streamlined engines were never “put out to pasture” in Chicago.  Instead they worked the Metra equivalent of the R5 Paoli Local.   The units were rebuilt to modern standards in the 70s, receiving new 2400 hp engines and generators for head-end power.

Twenty engines.  Imagine what could happen in the Delaware Valley if a public agency with some vision would buy them.  We could keep commuter trains, and the passengers who ride them, rolling all the way to Center City despite the present shutdown.  When the construction was over, the equipment would be sufficient to equip modest start-up levels of service on lines to Fox Chase, Pottstown and Reading, the “Cross-county Metro” and Wilmington to Dover, Delaware.  SEPTA has said they’re not interested.  Who’s got the vision to take advantage of this bargain? —MDM



DVARP Travel Guide to the Shore

Planning a trip to the Shore this summer?  Leave the car at home, avoid the headaches and help protect the fragile coastal environment by taking public transit.

A.C. Trains

New Jersey Transit commuter rail service ruins from Lindenwold to Atlantic City.  Political and institutional obstacles continue to hinder extension of the trains to Philadelphia, a serious inconvenience; but at Atlantic City, free shuttle buses make connections to all casinos and other attractions.  The trains run about every two hours, from early in the morning to late at night.

The Atlantic City Line uses a fare payment system called “Proof of Payment” which is unfamiliar to most Delaware Valley travellers.  Purchase one-way tickets from vending machines at the station:  Lindenwold to Atlantic City is a $3.00 bargain.  Before boarding the train, you must stamp your ticket in the validating machine.  You can be fined if you board the train without a validated ticket.

Using the PATCO Connection

While PATCO is a fast and reliable connection to Philadelphia, fare and transfer procedures are cumbersome.  Here’s how to do it:  1)  Get the ACRL timetable from NJ Transit.  Allow 30 to 40 minutes to make PATCO connections form Philadelphia.  2)  Get to Broad and Walnut or 8th and Market.  If you take the subway, stay in the station.  If coming by bus, bring a valid transfer.  3)  Go to the subway cashier and pay 40¢ for a return trip ticket.  4)  Go to the PATCO station and purchase two tickets to Lindenwold. ($1.60 each way, machines prefer coins but will take $1.00 bills)  5)  Catch PATCO and enjoy the ride to Lindenwold, bypassing all those traffic circles!  6)  Stamp your SEPTA ticket in the machine inside Lindenwold Station on your return trip, so it will be valid for a free trip on SEPTA.

Amtrak to the Boardwalk

Amtrak operates five daily round trips to Atlantic City, six on Saturday.  Daily through service with no change of trains is offered from Richmond, Washington, and Wilmington; Harrisburg, Paoli and Ardmore; and Springfield, New York and Trenton.  Call Amtrak for schedule details.  The round-trip fare from Philadelphia is $19.00; your cost goes down if you take advantage of the casino bonus offered to Amtrak passengers by Trump Castle.  Reservations are required for Amtrak travel to A.C., call Amtrak to make them. 

NJT Buses to the Shore

New Jersey Transit runs scores of daily buses to Shore points.  Route 551 to Atlantic City runs 24 hours a day, every half hour at most times.  Round-trip fare from Philadelphia is only $11.50

To Wildwood or Cape May, choose from express bus route 316 or local routes 313 and 315.  For Ocean City, take the 555, which offers both express and local service.  

Shore Train Riders’ Club

This low-key group brings together people whose primary efforts are with other organizations.   In their discussions, held on the facing seats as often as not, they work for increased and improved rail service to the Jersey Shore.   For more information on STRC, call Bob Machler at 215-673-1964.

In Delaware

Transit travel to the Delaware shore is not as easy as to New Jersey points.  A weekend-only Beach-Bus service sponsored by DelDOT travels from Wilmington and Newark to Rehoboth.  Rehoboth and Dewey Beaches have excellent park and ride bus service.  Additional statewide service is under consideration.



Take the train to the ball game, take me out with the crowd…

New Jersey Transit is again running a special train from the Atlantic City Rail Line to a Phillies game (via freight trackage in South Philadelphia).  This year’s baseball train will run on Sunday, July 19, when the Phillies play the Dodgers in an afternoon game.  Special events include on-board entertainment and prizes and a marching band escort to the stadium.  Tickets are $16 for adults, $13 for kids under 12.  Admission to the game is included.  Advance reservations are required: call NJT at 609-343-7162; do not call the Phillies.  



All Aboard for the Delaware Fair!

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association is sponsoring a special train to and from the Delaware State Fair in Harrington, on Saturday, July 25.  The train will originate at Claymont at 1:33, stop at Wilmington at 1:40, and arrive at the fair at 4:08.  Passengers may get off and enjoy the fair, or continue on the train to the Indian River Power Plant, getting back to the fair at about 7:30.  The return trip leaves at 9:30 arriving Wilmington & Claymont about midnight.  

Reservations are required.  For the full round-trip to Indian River, the fare is $55 adult, $35 for children under 12.  To the fair only is $30 adult, $15 child.  All tickets include Fair admission, a $5.00 value.  Mail your order and check (payable to Delmarva Rail Passenger Assn.) to Box 11102, Wilmington, DE 19850.  

DRPA and Delaware Rail Administration are working with SEPTA to have the  the last inbound SEPTA R2 trip extended to Claymont, to allow Philadelphia passengers to travel by train all the way.  Watch this space next month.

DRPA hopes that the one-time excursion will focus attention on their efforts to gain permanent passenger rail service through the Diamond State.  Support them by riding this train!  Call Doug Andrews at 302-995-6419 for information.

Shore train information lines:  who to call

New Jersey Transit:		Amtrak	1-800-USA-RAIL

	from Pennsylvania	215-569-3752			1-800-872-7245

	from New Jersey	1-800-626-RIDE	PATCO	

			1-800-AC-TRAIN	   from New Jersey	609-772-6900

			609-343-7162	   from Pennsylvania	215-922-4600



Will the ferry be useful transportation?

A private operator began passenger ferry service from Camden to Philadelphia this spring.  Linking the new Camden Aquarium to Penn’s Landing, the ferry is likely to carry more tourists than commuters.  But if the service is to be successful in the long run, it needs to provide useful transportation to a base of everyday passengers.  Some unsolicited suggestions:

1)  Provide good drive-in access from South Jersey points.  This means two things: ample parking at a competitive cost, and quick access to through highways.  The ferry company expects that Aquarium lots and garages will be available to ferry passengers.

2)  Provide good passenger distribution to business areas in Center City Philadelphia.  Partnership with SEPTA could be advantageous.  SEPTA’s 21 (Walnut St.) and 33 (Market St.) buses have been extended to Penn’s Landing.  The service must be convenient in order to win passengers.  Unofficial reports have SEPTA planning a new loop bus to meet the ferry and connect it to the Convention Center.  That can be a positive development if convenient service is the rule from the start.  If this loop works, a similar loop could connect PATCO with the huge employment centers of University City.

Would it be wishful thinking to link the historic trolley line on Delaware Ave. with SEPTA’s Route 15 and promote joint ferry-trolley service from the Aquarium to the Zoo?—MDM



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

Virginia Commuter Trains to Roll

Virginia Railway Express starts operations this month (see dates below).  Congratulations  to VRE for having the will to overcome political objections and the sense to keep costs down with a low-tech, off-the-shelf system.



LIRR Cooks Figures

In new timetables going into effect today, Long Island RR has added 1 to 4 minutes to running times of its rush-hour trains.  While this will make the on-time percentages look better, the overall effect on commuters is negative.



Metro-North Aims for Speed Record

Replacement of overhead electrification on Metro-North’s New Haven Line will couple with Amtrak’s continuation of Northeast Corridor reconstruction to yield 110 mph speeds for MNCR commuter trains on parts of the line.  Amtrak trains will benefit too.



DVARP Telephone Directory

DVARP is a member-supported, all-volunteer organization.  Committees and task forces have been established to deal with many specific passenger rail services and issues.  To find out more about a specific area, please call one of the people below.

215-222-3373  DVARP main number (answering machine on this line)

215-222-3373  Chuck Bode, President and Light Rail Committee

215-552-8873  Tom Borawski, Vice-President-Transportation

215-222-3373  Robert H. Machler, Vice President-Administration

215-386-2644  Sharon Shneyer, Vice President-Public Relations

215-782-8826  Mark Sanders, Treasurer

215-659-7736  John Pawson, Commuter RR Committee (6 to 9 pm, please)

215-885-7448  Matthew Mitchell, Transit Committee and Ninth St. Task Force

215-353-0930  Bob Bodan, Octoraro Task Force



Dates of Interest

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thurs., July 9, 6:30 at Wilmington Station.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., June 16, 5:45 pm, in SEPTA Board Room.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., June 17, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St. and Norristown.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., June 20, 1:00 to 4:00, at 10 South Ave., Wyncote (near Jenkintown Stn.)  see cover for directions

Virginia Rail Express Manassas Line opening:  Mon., June 22.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., June 25, 3:00, in SEPTA Board Room, Third Floor, 714 Market St., Philadelphia. 

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., July 18, Temple University Center City.

NJ Transit Atlantic City Line train trip to the Phillies:  Sun. July 19.  $17.00 includes round trip train fare and game admission.  Call 609-343-7162 for tickets and schedule.

Virginia Rail Express Fredricksburg Line opening:  Mon., July 20.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association rail excursion to Delaware State Fair:  Sat., July 25.

DVARP General Meeting and Picnic:  Sat, Aug. 15, in Willow Grove.

Listings are based on information provided to DVARP.  Members are advised to contact the sponsoring group to confirm time and place.

Regional Transportation Conference 

Temple University will sponsor an all-day conference on regional transportation issues Saturday, October 17 at the Ambler campus.  For information and registration, call Kevin Wood at 215-283-1307.



