                   The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

                           Electronic Edition

                             November  1993

                            Vol. XI, No. 11



Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in

the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the

present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of

southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service,

please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505,

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373

Internet:   iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu

Bitnet:     iekp898@tjuvm

CompuServe: 73243,1224



Schedule Change Alert:

New timetables for SEPTA Regional Rail will take effect Sunday, Nov. 21.



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...

1  Ride the ICE train with us!

2  Editorial:  Evangelist Wanted...

3  Commonwealth saves Harrisburg commuters, SEPTA fare increase coming?

4  On the Railroad Lines:  SEPTA schedules 30th St. work,

    what RailWorks(R) did for speed limits.

7  Yerusalim to public transit riders:  You're abnormal!

8  Continuing problems with N5 cars-Steve Masters had an uneasy ride.

9  Harrisburg Line infrastructure in good condition but leaking money.

10  Pacific Northwest has good, inexpensive bus service:

     why don't people use it?

13  South Jersey Update:  NJT slide show tells DVARP about

     Burlington-Gloucester corridor study.

14-15  Dates of Interest, Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory

15  Computer Corner:  SEPTA commuter rail schedules on-line worldwide!



DVARP President: Chuck Bode

Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell

Production Manager: Tom Borawski

for other officers and committee chairs, see page 15



entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP,

    except photos (C) 1993 credited photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not

    necessarily those of DVARP or its members.

We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373



DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!

   Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1993!   11/93



Name



Address



City, State, Zip



Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

   DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00    (  ) Family:  $20.00   (  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00   (  ) Patron: $75.00   (  ) Benefactor: $100.00

New members joining DVARP between Oct. 1 and Dec. 31 will be enrolled

for 1994.



**ICE: Germany's High-Speed Contender    by Chuck Bode

DVARP was privileged to be aboard the preview ICE trip run by Amtrak

October 4, so that we can present this report to our members.  The train

made a Washington-New  York round trip with a full load of press,

elected officials, transportation professionals, and supporters.

The ICE (InterCity Express) is Germany's entry in the high-speed train

club.  ICE is built by the multi-company Germany High Speed Consortium

which includes Siemens and AEG who are sponsors of the US demonstration.

Running for about two years in Germany on a combination of new and

existing lines the ICE train has increased ridership on its routes. The

ICE train does not tilt like the X2000, instead it reduces travel time

by traveling at 175 mph on purpose built line segments.  Hamburg-

Frankfurt, a 335 mile trip, was reduced from 4 1/2 hours to 3 1/2 hours.

Because Amtrak cannot build a new line in the Northeast Corridor, the

ICE train would not achieve such a time saving here, but other aspects

of its design such as propulsion, controls, and passenger amenities

could be incorporated in the proposed new Amtrak trains.

German ICE trains are 14 cars long with two locomotives (one at each

end) totalling 13,000 hp.  The trainset on Amtrak is about half the

length of the standard German version.  The power system has been

converted from the German voltage/frequency to Amtrak's which somewhat

reduced the speed capability. This reduction is not important because

Amtrak does not have any track capable of handling 175 mph operation.

The Amtrak ICE train includes two locomotives, four coaches, a deluxe

car, and a restaurant car.  One of the coaches is a service car which

includes facilities for the disabled, a conference room with fax and

copier, a telephone, and a diagnostic panel for use of the train's on

board technician.

*Mechanical

The entire train has a feel of luxury inside and out.  Smooth surfaces,

well fitting joints, mirrors, glass doors, etc give an altogether

different impression than the snap-together feel of Amfleet and

Silverliner cars.

The ICE has a smooth exterior, unlike the corrugated surface of Amfleet

cars, to minimize air resistance at high speeds. For the same reason the

equipment under the floor is enclosed in streamlined compartments.

In addition to a hot air system, heating elements are built into the

floor and into the sides under the windows to eliminate what have been

traditionally cold spots. The air intakes include a pressure pulse

protection system to isolate passengers from sudden pressure changes

when entering tunnels.

*Electrical and control

The passenger cars contain complicated electrical and control systems.

Six voltage/ frequency combinations are used.

Like Amfleet trains, electricity is supplied from the locomotive.  Like

streetcars, the cars have magnetic track brakes in addition to normal

disc brakes.  Flat wheels are minimized by an anti-wheel-slip unit.  The

control panel in each car has about 60 switches, meters, and controls

for use by a technician who rides the train to keep things functioning

and can phone ahead to maintenance points so repairs can be done

quickly.  A special test unit and a computer can be connected to the

cars at repair shops to determine the state of all the equipment.

Two fiber optic cables are used to control the train, eliminating

problems from electromagnetic interference.  One cable connects the two

locomotives with each other for train operation.  The second cable

connects cars to each other and to the locomotives.  The cables run from

car to car with manual couplings between cars.

*Interior

The deluxe car, for which a premium fare is charged, has three 5-seat

compartments, and 33 seats in a 2+1 saloon arrangement.  Regular coaches

have four 6-seat compartments and 42 seats in 2+2 arrangement.  The

service car seats 39, with two wheelchair positions.  Many of the seats

are in facing pairs sharing a table.  The service car and restaurant car

are coupled together,  with a wide door between them so wheelchairs can

get into the restaurant car.

Each seat has a headphone for several channels of entertainment.  In

addition a few seats in one coach and in the deluxe car have small TV

screens installed in the back of the seat ahead.  Like the X2000 the

overhead luggage racks are small. Passenger Train Journal (see box

below) suggests placing luggage between seat backs, as is often done in

Europe, but many of those spaces were occupied by trash receptacles.

ICE feels more open inside than Amfleet trains.

There were food service carts on board, but unlike the X2000 there did

not seem to be any designed storage place for them.  Each car has racks

to hang coats.  Windows are larger than on Amfleet trains and have pull

down shades.  Seats were comfortable, but a bit hard with limited

reclining.

The train has several innovations, the first of which is luggage

lockers, but there are only about three per car.  A computer screen in

each car can display various information at the request of the

passenger.  The doors between cars open automatically as passengers

approach, surely a big accident preventer as well as making the carrying

of food or luggage easier.  A little plate extends out when doors open

to close the gap between car and platform, another accident preventer as

well as facilitating wheelchair and luggage cart access.

The ICE train includes something rare on Corridor trains: a dining car.

Well actually half a dining car.  This unique car has an extended

ceiling with skylights in the roof.  The kitchen is in the center.  One

end has full dining car service with 24 seats while the other end has a

26 seat bistro. The dining menu includes mozzarella and grilled

vegetables, caesar salad with shrimp, and filet mignon at prices from

$7.95 to $16.95.

*Riding ICE

The bistro was popular; passage through the car was often difficult

because of the crowd.  A bit of instruction in use of the new features

could help passengers.  Tall passengers felt the pillow attached to the

top of their seat back was not at a comfortable height.  The pillows are

reportedly adjustable, but that was not obvious to those on board.

Passengers near the locomotive in the end coach heard noise from the

locomotive, while seats near the food cart were subject to noise from

rattling objects.

How well does the ICE train ride compared to other trains including the

X2000?  There seemed to be two opinions, which depended on how much rail

mileage the individual had accumulated. Walking in the train was

difficult because the train rocked considerably.  If you rode both ICE

and X2000, tell us your opinion of ride quality.

An important fact seems to be that trains and tracks are now designed

together to optimize the ride (and German track is different from

American). If in fact designing train and track together makes the ride

better, then proposals to separate ownership of track from trains may be

detrimental to the passengers' interests.

ICE operation in regular Metroliner service began October 5.  See

September's DVRP for the schedule, or call 1-800-USA-RAIL.  Operation is

planned for one Sunday: November 28; but the schedule is not yet

available. Normal Metroliner fares apply (less on weekends) except in

Deluxe accommodations which have an extra charge.

DVARP encourages its members to ride the ICE train and to report their

experiences and suggestions to both DVARP and Amtrak so that the future

Northeast Corridor trains can be the most appropriate design.

While the ICE train (and to some extent the X2000) contains many

features that enhance the travel experience, as concerned passengers

some issues arise.  In the U.S. where operating funds are hard to

obtain, will the new features generate incremental revenue to pay for

their maintenance? Second, the U.S. has a long history of building

excellent rail equipment, only to have everything expendable discarded

by maintenance crews trying to keep the trains running with available

funds, manpower, and turnaround time.  Is an Amtrak struggling to reach

100% cost recovery likely to change this situation? These issues require

much thought while Amtrak prepares its order for the proposed new

trains.-CB

Members interested in a more complete story on the ICE train may be

interested in the October 1993 Passenger Train Journal which has an

article with color photos.  PTJ is available at many local hobby stores.



**From the Editor's Seat:

   Evangelist Wanted...

Readers of this newsletter may have noticed that I, for one, am feeling

more optimistic about SEPTA lately.  SEPTA is finally showing some

interest in making real use of its natural allies.  When you consider

environmentalists, neighborhood improvement and economic development

groups, advocates for senior citizens, the poor and disabled, the rail

transit industry may have more outsiders rooting for it than any other

industry in the country.  To take that support for granted, or worse yet

ignore it, is a lousy business decision.

The high hopes I had when SEPTA formed its Area Coalition for

Transportation  got dashed quickly.  Once SEPTA reached its goal of

securing a dedicated source of state funding, SEPTA let the coalition

fade out of the picture instead of channelling its success into other

equally-important activities such as getting municipalities to rethink

their planning processes and getting businesses to support public

transit.  Big opportunities were missed because of SEPTA's singleminded

pursuit of government subsidies.

Trolleyfest '93 (see story inside) looked like a bad deal on paper, and

shortsighted transit-bashers could hold it up as an example of wasteful

spending, but the same people would say planting seeds is a waste

because it doesn't put food on the table.  The value of taking a step to

turn around a decade or more of bad press, community mistrust, and

supporters' despair is incalculable.  Now when Kim Heinle goes to the

community to ask its support for a SEPTA project, people will remember

Trolleyfest instead of all SEPTA's broken promises.  (Here at DVARP,

we'll remember both: look inside for the beginning of our "Eye on the

Infrastructure" series.)

You read last month about how SEPTA's participation in "Try Transit

Thursday" led to a remarkable effort by KYW radio to examine the cost of

our auto-dependence.  Now mass transit is finally being recognized as

more important to our region's mobility than any highway, and respected

in traffic reports.  By ourselves, DVARP members and other individuals

tried for years to effect this change.  When SEPTA finally made it an

issue, KYW saw the light.

Check out Guy Kawasaki's book "Selling the Dream."   In it, a computer

executive explains how public and private-sector businesses found

success by enlisting customers and allies to spread the message.  Apple

Computer called it evangelism, others may call it leveraging your

efforts, but whatever you call it, we need a lot more of it from public

transit operators.-MDM



**Tragedy in North Wales

While concern about safety is natural in the aftermath of last month's

incident where a child was struck by a train, residents of North Wales

are barking up the wrong tree.  Like most other crossing accidents, this

one was caused when the victim ignored the warning lights and walked

right around the gates, right in front of an oncoming train.

Remember the accident which marred the opening day of NJT service to

Atlantic City. (see Oct. 1989 DVRP)  The fact that scores of witnesses

saw the woman in Berlin drive around the crossing gates and fact that

she had had her license revoked twelve times in six years didn't make a

difference to the people who blamed the railroad.

There is only so much anyone can do to save people from their own

negligence.  Would people in North Wales demand stop signs on highway

309 if a child disobeyed rules and was killed crossing the highway?

We've said it many times before:  The best thing we can do to for the

safety of our transportation system is to get people out of their cars

and onto public transit.-MDM



**State Funds Save Harrisburg Commuters

A last-minute deal between Amtrak and the Pennsylvania Department of

Transportation stopped Amtrak's plan to eliminate rush-hour service on

its Harrisburg-Philadelphia route.  While full details of the agreement

are not available at press time, the state funding guarantees the three

trains until June 30, buying time for a permanent answer to the question

of who will control the service, who will operate it, and who will  pay

for it.

Several alternatives have been proposed for the long-term future of the

Harrisburg service, which has been in a state of decline for a decade

because of Amtrak's neglect.  Many of them call operation of the service

to be transferred to SEPTA, because SEPTA's costs are lower than

Amtrak's.  Restoring service to Center City Philadelphia is also high on

many lists; Amtrak pulled its service out of Suburban Station when it

faced a shortage of serviceable electric locomotives.

Riders and service planners have also eyed a transfer of Harrisburg Line

responsibility for what it would do for SEPTA's R5 Paoli-Parkesburg

service.  As reported here several times previously, many reliability

problems with the Paoli service occur because Amtrak dispatchers give

higher priority to Amtrak trains, regardless of the consequences to the

busy local service.

One thing which is apparent under the existing dual-operator scheme

between Paoli and Parkesburg is a stratification of the market into two

segments, a price-sensitive commuter and student market and a service-

sensitive business and leisure market.  The distance to Harrisburg is

just about the distance to New York, and with a two-hour travel time,

some passengers may not settle for the spartan accommodations of a

commuter train.-MDM



**Will SEPTA Propose Fare Increase?

Though it should be no surprise to people who read SEPTA's proposed

Fiscal 1994 Operating Budget or attended public hearings on it, DVARP

has learned that SEPTA management is running the numbers on a proposed

fare increase of 5 to 6 percent.

Details of the plan, which is not yet official and may be significantly

changed or even dropped from consideration, are not yet available.

SEPTA did indicate last summer that it did not anticipate being able to

balance its budget at current fare levels, especially if the goal of

restoring past years' service cuts was to be accomplished.  The most

talked-about for the budget gap is about $5 million of a $600 million

budget.

Rough calculations show that a 5 percent fare increase would yield about

$15 million in added revenue, but it would not be reasonable to conclude

that only 2 percent would be needed to close the gap.  Fare increases

always lead to losses in ridership, while the budgeted expenses don't

account for all the service restorations.

DVARP has already responded to the initial reports.  Both the Commuter

Rail and Transit Committees contacted managers responsible for designing

the fare package, while DVARP President Chuck Bode told SEPTA not to

take our support for granted.

The Commuter Rail Committee reminded SEPTA of the fragile nature of

SEPTA RRD ridership, and that the last two fare increases hit commuter

rail passengers twice as hard as transit passengers.   DVARP continued

to push cost-cutting measures as an alternative to fare increases.  Over

a half-million dollars in savings was identified in just a half-dozen

ideas.  SEPTA's response (or lack thereof) to DVARP's proposals is

likely to be a determining factor in DVARP's position once a fare

proposal is announced.

On the transit side, DVARP stressed the need to restore service to

levels which will safely and comfortably accommodate rider demand.  The

latest rounds of service cuts may have cost SEPTA more than they saved,

as overcrowding and delays drove riders away from the system.

The Transit Committee also suggested that TransPass rates increase less

than token rates, to reverse the shift away from tokens and promote

increased use of SEPTA.  Another specific proposal was to put the

token's discount price onto a sliding scale.  Purchases of tokens ten at

a time would cost less than purchase two at a time, rewarding frequent

riders and reflecting better the cost of handling small cash

transactions. -MDM



**On the Railroad Lines...

*SEPTA Slates 30th St. Fix-Up

A two-part project will finally bring relief to SEPTA passengers who

endure the dilapidated conditions of the commuter section of 30th St.

Station.  A "Fast Action" element with construction scheduled for about

a year from now will include escalator repair, renovation of the

headhouses (the enclosures at the top of each stairway), new benches and

announcer's booths, and repairs to information screens and PA system.

The main portion of the project will include new elevators to each

platform, repairs to stairways, floors, and walls; improved signage, and

heaters and ceiling fans to make passengers more comfortable.  These are

scheduled to go in during 1996.



*Ticket Machines Working

SEPTA has turned on the ticket machines which had been out of service

nearly two years for lack of will to keep them working.

Penalty fares will be enforced from stations where machines are

available, so riders should familiarize themselves with their use.  Here

are some hints:  *$5.00 bills are most convenient to use; you'll spend

less time feeding money into the machine, and they seem to reject ones

more frequently.  *New bills work better once they have been crumpled

into a ball and then unfolded.  *Consider buying extra tickets downtown,

but be warned of the unreasonable short validity: once expired, SEPTA

won't even refund your tickets by mail!



R1

Speed Limits Little Changed

How much improvement did we get from RailWorks?  Compare track speed

limits before and after the megaproject.  Speeds were increased from 15

to 20 mph around the curve east of Market East and from 45 mph to 50

coming up out of the tunnel, but the 35 mph downhill limit remains, as

do the 45 and 50 mph limits over the original Reading Ninth Street

Branch-no improvement over the majority of the line.

Speed restrictions on the rebuilt line are a mix of good and bad news.

Reconfiguration of North Broad Station eliminated the slow zone there,

but the huge new Temple station now slows trains on all four tracks

instead of just one.  As we mentioned here before (Dec. 92) the obsolete

design features of the Ninth Street Branch are now "cast in concrete."

Wire Down

Midday service October 29 was badly snarled when catenary was pulled

down just north of Jenkintown.



R3

Work Plans

What's causing all the construction hassles for weekend Elwyn riders?  A

second track is being added between Media and Elwyn,  while signals are

being replaced between Secane and Elwyn.  New rail is being laid the

length of the line.



R5

Child Struck in North Wales

A North Wales 4th grader was killed when she tried to cross the R5

tracks while the gates were down and was struck by a train.  The

accident triggered angry protests aimed at both SEPTA and motorists.

North Wales Mayor Frank Hartman was quoted in the Reporter, "These gates

have been a problem for years.  If the gates are down for any length of

time, the cars go around them because they think the gates are stuck."

But he never testified to this at any SEPTA public hearings.

The Reporter stated that the Mayor remembered a meeting with SEPTA

officials about two years ago where SEPTA offered to upgrade 4 crossings

if the borough would abandon one.  The borough declined the offer.  The

Reporter quotes Council President John Strobel, "I probably shouldn't

say this but somebody got railroaded."  DVARP checked its records and

learned that North Wales Borough did not testify before the state

transportation commission when hearings were held in April in Valley

Forge.

SEPTA AGM James Palmer held a meeting with North Wales residents to

discuss their concerns about train speed.  The Reporter quoted him as

offering to reduce the speed limit to 35 mph from the current limit of

55.



R6

Speed Upgrade

According to SEPTA bulletin orders, the summer reconstruction project

resulted in great improvements on the Norristown Line.  Track which had

had a 40 mph speed limit is now OK for 50 and 60.  Restrictions over bad

track were also lifted.



R7

Still Waiting...

NJ Transit still hasn't switched on its ticket machine at 30th St.

|

*STD

Schedule Change Highlights

The latest Norristown High-Speed Line schedule can be called 'Phase Ia.'

The new N-5 cars will provide all service evenings and weekends; during

the rush hour they will continue to run the Bryn Mawr locals.

Schedulers are continuing to shave minutes off the timetable!  There

still aren't enough cars in service to bring on a 'Phase II' schedule,

but passengers should watch for it to take effect late this month or

early next month.  Media-Sharon Hill rail schedules are not changed.

Some Route 105 trips have been extended to Radnor Industrial Park for

reverse commuters.  Route 108 has a new schedule as the detour has been

ended.  Route 110 adds service to Granite Run Mall, including new Sunday

shuttle service connecting with the 101 trolley in Media.  Mirmount

Rehabilitation Center will gain new service from routes 110 and 117.

Some service cuts took effect on the 118, while the 119 will no longer

travel west of Granite Run on Sundays.  Minor changes also took effect

on routes 107, 109, 111, 113, 114, 120, and 125.  Routes 103, 104, 106,

115, 116, and 124 are unchanged.

On the Frontier Division, new schedules are in effect on routes 91 and

93.  Some service was cut on the 95.  Route 96 has a new routing in

Souderton and Telford.  Sunday service to Norristown State Hospital has

been added to route 97.  Routes 92, 94, 98, and 99 are not changed.

Lower Bucks riders are enjoying extra morning service to Trenton on the

127 Monday through Saturday; routes 128-130 are not changed. 200 series

bus service is unchanged from September schedules.

|

*CTD

Construction Hiatus

Weekend service disruptions on the Frankford El are expected to be

suspended for the holiday period from the Thanksgiving weekend on

through Mummers' Day.



Thank You Phillies!

Thousands of smart 'phans' used the Broad Street Subway to get to LCS

and World Series games, as SEPTA beefed up its Phillies Express service

and got much publicity for doing so.  Just about anywhere you looked,

the media was advising people to leave their car at home and ride SEPTA.

The intractability of the car habit is still evident; an average of only

4,000 fans used the train.



*Trolley Notes

Route 11 and 36 cars are detouring over Chester Ave. between 41st and

49th Sts. while the Woodland Ave. bridge over the R3 Media line is

repaired.  The detour is expected to continue into January.  Also, the

11 is using buses west of 49th St., while a bridge over the CSX tracks

is under construction.



*Out with the Old

SEPTA is offering scrap rail and ties for sale.  Those interested should

call 580-4064.



*50 Layoffs at 30th Street

Amtrak will lay off 50 mechanics and coach cleaners employed at 30th

Street in response to its $30 million budget shortfall. Amtrak claims

its new method, "progressive maintenance" ensures that there will be no

safety problems caused by the cuts. TWU Local 2013 President Charles

Little said on KYW, "If they layoff these people and maintain the rate

of service they intend to, we cannot guarantee the safety of the riding

public."  KYW reports that Little plans to go to Federal court to block

the layoffs.

Amtrak will also cut ticket office staff at North Philadelphia according

to the Inquirer.

|

*DART

New Evening Service

DART began its long-awaited evening service November 1.  The last

inbound trip from the suburban malls is about 10 pm and the last trip

from downtown Wilmington is about 10:30 pm.  Routes with evening service

are: 1, 2, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12, 15, 17, 23, and 24.



*CAC Vacancies

Want a direct line to SEPTA with your comments and suggestions?  Join

the Citizen Advisory Committee.  Seats representing Philadelphia and

Montgomery County are open; call Susan Shapiro at 580-7418.

Correction: Due to a reporting error, last month's DVRP misidentified

the Chairman of the CAC.  He is Connell O'Brien.



News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Chuck Bode, Howard

Bender, Tom Borawski, Lucia Esther, John Hay, Bob Machler, Steve

Masters, Don Nigro, John Pawson,William Ritzler, John Wylie.

Special thanks to Amtrak and to Tom Collins and Susan Shapiro of SEPTA

Additional news from BITNET, KYW, Lansdale Reporter, Passenger

Transport, Philadelphia Inquirer, USENET.



**Yerusalim Slams Transit

In a hearing before Congress, Pennsylvania Secretary of Transportation

said he had little interest in supporting mass transit, reports the

Inquirer.  He claimed: "Transit [is for] people who can't afford an

automobile..." As a result, only 2.5 percent of Federal 'flexible'

transportation funds were spent on transit in Pennsylvania.  Compare

this to 9 percent in New York, which also has both big city and rural

areas.

Does that make you mad?  Think Yerusalim still doesn't get it?  Write

your state legislators and write to Yerusalim to tell them so!  Call

DVARP for the addresses.



|*N5 Slips Away

by Steve Masters

Tuesday evening, October 19 was a study in contrasts, or maybe it was

contradictions, on the Route 100.  I boarded N5 car #142 at 69th Street

about 10 minutes before its scheduled at 6:40 pm departure.  I was

pleased to see that the revised schedules which were going into effect

the following weekend were available for the first time.  On the cover

of the new schedule was a line drawing of an N5 and the news that most

service on the line would be provided by the N5s once the new schedule

was in effect.

What happened over the next hour and a half, however, cast doubt on the

likelihood, or even the desirability of that occurring.  As I was

boarding the N5, a second car, #143, pulled into the adjacent berth on

track 2 to discharge its passengers.  As 6:40 approached, I noticed that

the rain promised for later that evening had begun to fall.  At 6:41,

the operator arrived, tripped the signal at the end of the platform to

amber and closed the door.

As soon as we passed through the spring switch onto the northbound

track, I noticed the traction problem.  A warning tone was sounding

persistently from the operator's console as the wheels began to slip and

the cars electronic controls automatically cut traction power.  We

proceeded slowly- slower than the yard limit-through the last crossover

at the west end of the yard.

Instead of picking up speed up the grade toward Parkview, we continued

at 5 to 10 miles per hour with the warning tone still sounding

repeatedly.  A passenger moved forward to exit, and the operator began

braking as we approached the platform.  But stopping traction was no

better; we slid through Parkview at our 5-10 mph speed, and on down the

track for several hundred feet.  Ever so gradually, we drifted to a

stop.

After a radio conversation with the control center and a supervisor, the

operator, having been ordered to use only the P1 or P2 positions on his

controller, coaxed the car at a 1 mph crawl into West Overbrook.

It was now after 7:00 p.m., and the 7:05 was due shortly.  A CTA set

inbound came down the grade from Penfield and easily stopped at West

Overbrook and then departed, with only a minor amount of wheel spinning.

All passengers were asked to leave the car and board the CTA train

behind us, but the supervisor was unsuccessful in moving the empty N5

any further up the grade toward Penfield than the end of the West

Overbrook platform.

In order to clear the track for the 7:05, an adapter was used to couple

the lead CTA car to the rear of the N5.  We all boarded the CTAs, and

with considerable spinning, grinding, arcing, and shaking, we pushed the

N5 up the grade to Penfield and on to Wynnewood Road, making all local

stops along the way.  At Wynnewood Road, the N5 was uncoupled and left

on the layover track for the night.  Radio reports confirmed that a

second N5 car, #144, was similarly stranded at Bridgeport.

The supervisor advised us that there was an ongoing debate within SEPTA

about the advisability of equipping the N5 cars with sanders-they are

not now so equipped. The operating personnel feel sanders are necessary,

while SEPTA management and engineers feel differently.  [ed. note:

SEPTA now plans to equip a few cars with sanders]

I have heard from other Route 100 staff that SEPTA has recently obtained

some samples of a gel used by British Rail which contains sand and metal

filings.  Once applied to the rail and allowed to dry, it is supposed to

provide improved traction.  My understanding is that it is as yet

unproven on Route 100.

Clearly, however, this is a serious problem.   If the CTA cars and

converted MFSE cars had not been available, as they eventually will not

be, SEPTA would have had to cancel all service on Route 100.  During my

commute the following day, no N5s were observed in operation.  Even

beyond the reliability issue, however, is one of passenger safety.  If a

car travelling only 10 miles an hour can slide even a hundred feet on

relatively level track, imagine what a car travelling 50 mph on a steep

downgrade could manage.  Route 100 does not need another series of

episodes where its cars run into each other or into the station

platforms.

 Admittedly, the conditions that evening were probably an extreme.  It

takes a combination of a little rain after a long dry spell in the fall

when the trees and falling leaves to create these super-slick

conditions.  But these conditions are likely to recur some time every

fall, and the equipment must operate safely in these conditions.



Delaware Valley's Commuter Service Skeleton-in-the-Closet

   by John Pawson

With other "fires" to fight, DVARP admittedly is remiss for not

discussing and  treating what surely is the SEPTA Railroad Division's #1

hidden problem.  It is a four-fold complex:

1)  SEPTA's leading commuter rail line must operate over a plant that is

owned and controlled by another entity.

2)  Furthermore, that other entity operates a red-ink train service used

significantly by commuters, a situation of questionable legality.  This

other operation, which carries only about one-twelfth of the number of

RRD passengers on the route, competes in the marketplace as well as for

space on the tracks themselves.

3)  There exists on the line an infrastructure problem that is unlike

that which was rife on the Reading side of the commuter-rail system.

The plant is not significantly deteriorating (there are exceptions, of

course), but it is so technologically obsolete that it hem-orrhages

money and generates operating problems every day for both operators.

4) These undesirable situations result from or are related to the

historic fact that the line was a fought-over 'prize' in the 1970s.

Those struggles have created 'scars' which make analysis and description

of the problems a somewhat taboo subject.

Many readers, especially those who commute over it, will recognize the

30th St.-Paoli-Parkesburg-Harrisburg line.  Officially, nearly all of

this route is Amtrak's Harrisburg Main Line.  Effectively, it is a

continuation of RRD's Main Line, which runs from Lansdale through Center

City.  The SEPTA-Amtrak boundary is located near the Spring Garden

Street overpass just north of 30th Street upper-level station.

The proximate issue is that Amtrak wants to discontinue four trains on

the Philadelphia-Harrisburg run which are the ones most used by

commuters. The discontinuance would include Philadelphia-oriented

commuter trains 600 and 602 (morning, eastward) and 615 (afternoon,

westward) as well as the first morning train to Harrisburg (no. 601)

which arrives there at the commuter-friendly time of 7:39 am.

Ironically, the unscathed train to the Philadelphia-oriented quartet

(no. 617) would leave 30th Street lower level at 5:10 instead of the

present commuter-friendly 5:35 pm.  The 5:05 pm train from Harrisburg

would finally be restored to its original (commuter-convenient) 5:20 pm.

Because there would be no corresponding inbound morning train to

Harrisburg, this long-sought rescheduling would be meaningless.

Finally, the Amtrak proposal calls for discontinuance of stops at Exton,

Whitford, Parkesburg, Mount Joy and Middletown.

Once the commuter services come off, Amtrak proposes to shuffle the runs

so as to give midday service between the endpoints every two or three

hours, something which previously existed simultaneous with properly

scheduled commuter services.  Elsewhere, there is talk of adding another

round trip between Harrisburg and Pittsburgh, and of making the entire

route a corridor for high speed trains.

Acting Governor Mark Singel wrote a letter to Amtrak Chairman W. Graham

Claytor, Jr. five days after Amtrak's October 1 posting of the

discontinuance notices.  He protested this and the previous service cuts

and changes which in the last decade have greatly reduced passenger

travel on the rail line despite some physical improvements.

Subsequently, PennDOT proposed to Amtrak that four additional trains be

placed into joint Commonwealth-Amtrak funding.  This method and the

train services which result are known for the clause in the Amtrak

organic law which authorizes them, 403(b).  Readers may observe that

nine trains in the category already appear in the Amtrak Harrisburg

timetable.

It must be said, however, that the number of requests for 403(b) trains

has grown quite large nationwide; some requests have been pending for

decades.  Amtrak's financial strain of course is related to the on-going

federal deficit crisis.  This strain is bound to strengthen the hiatus

of new 403(b) starts.  Although Amtrak proponents will note that more

federal funding will solve the problems, realists have concluded that

other, more locally-oriented initiatives are much more likely to achieve

results.

Space limitations do not permit in this issue a full discussion of the

Philadelphia-Harrisburg rail line/rail service problem. However in the

next issue, we will update developments and examine those issues.



**Public Transit - Can't Give It Away   by Chuck Bode

SEPTA has proposed another fare increase.  One thing is certain:  there

will be wailing and protesting from some quarters-people are too poor to

ride.  Followed by: if only the fare were reduced more people would ride

so revenue would increase.  No doubt there is some price elasticity.

But there has to be something more important than fares keeping

passengers away from mass transit.  How did we discover this?

Two DVARP members took a busman's holiday and rode other transit systems

with low fares.  How low?-try free.  Ready for a big shock?  Even free

conventional public transportation service can't get people into buses!

Travel 3000 miles with us to Washington state: a place where the typical

resident environmentally aware and local governments seem to try harder

to provide public transportation service.

The local transit systems shared several characteristics. Schedules were

readily available on the vehicles.  The systems cooperate, schedules for

connecting systems are also on the buses and the drivers know about the

connecting routes!  Routes extend across political boundaries to logical

destinations and connections (just think what an effort it would be to

get SEPTA Route 114 to go to a mall just over the Delaware state line.)

One route is even jointly operated (each system supplies its buses,

drivers, and fares, but there is one joint schedule with trips

apportioned between systems.)  Buses are in good condition.  Each system

has multiple makes and sizes of buses, attempting to use the size bus

appropriate for the ridership.   The systems were all much smaller than

SEPTA.  They were comparable in service frequency, hours, and service

area size with BARTA in Reading, DART in Wilmington, and SEPTA's

Frontier route group.

There was more service to lower density areas and fares were lower.

Base fares ranged from 75 cents on down to free! Despite low fares

comparability included low ridership with most of the ridership

consisting of those too old, too young, or too poor to drive.  Middle

class working age people, who probably do most of a region's trips, were

scarce.

Low ridership cannot be attributed to fear of crime; jewelry stores not

only had no bars on the windows, they left the jewelry in the windows

when closed.  In comparison, big-city Seattle (base fare $1.10 peak/85c

off peak) with the same big-city problems we have in Philadelphia, was

observed to have high ridership.

In the resort type area of Ocean Shores, Greys Harbor has an interesting

operation. Their route has several trips with fixed times at fixed

endpoints where it connects with other routes, but no particular route

in between. The bus goes to where the passengers on board want to go.

Passengers wanting to board between the endpoints call and the bus comes

to their door.  When not on scheduled trips, the bus operates in a dial-

a-ride mode.  The driver was friendly, we had a bargain 25c sightseeing

tour.

The Olympia route has zone fares.  Five buses covering about 120 miles

for a $2.00 fare-about 1.7 cents per mile: might even be cheaper than

buying shoes to walk. Highest passenger count was 30, average about 21.

Yakima is an isolated city in the central Washington desert.  Ten routes

serve most of the city with a 35c fare.  Three other routes are free

shuttles between downtown, the hospital, and the motel district.  Our

average fare was 17.5 cents, but the local usage was less than 3.5

passengers per trip.

Olympia tried hard. The system had just expanded its route coverage and

service hours significantly. Evening and Sunday service was added.

Residents had been mailed information.  Billboards reinforced the

message.  To eliminate all barriers to using the buses, fares were

eliminated for the initial weeks of the new service.  While probably

intended to attract new passengers, free fares also eliminated confusion

about fares, transfers, etc during the learning period.

Olympia operates about 25 fixed routes.  In addition, a custom bus

service is operated.  During the period just after the route changes,

these buses were used to get passengers who got on the wrong route to

where they were going-to the door. It is hard to imagine better local

bus service than free to the passenger's door. On buses that still had

the 'new vehicle smell!'   But "Two blocks is too far to walk." "The

seats in my pickup are more comfortable, so I'll drive."

In summary: six trips, 54 total passengers, 42 net passengers after

deducting DVARPers, an average of 7 residents per trip.  Conclusion:

Local bus service cannot be given away.

Transit use may be higher in larger cities, but city size is not

logically the only factor affecting transit use.  There was activity and

traffic, even traffic jams. People travelled, two Amtrak trains sold

every seat and berth.  It can't be the fare that is the problem.  It

might be that people won't ride buses. But if we are to apply these as

examples for suburban SEPTA and local agencies such as DART, then we

cannot accept that because there is no way to serve all, or even most,

local needs with rail.

Maybe service frequency needs to be increased.  More likely it is speed

that needs to be increased.  Comparability of these systems extended to

their being far slower than an automobile trip.  The essence of the

problem is that public transportation is a poor value. To get the bulk

of the population-the working middle class-on board is it necessary to

stop worrying about fares and start increasing value.

Value added seems to be the buzzword in other businesses.  How about

real express service (say 75 mph average speed) on regional rail with

the morning paper, coffee, and a work table with computer power supply

included. Public transit must already incur the basic costs (labor,

power, purchase of equipment and supplies.) The question is can

incremental revenue increase faster than incremental costs of providing

higher quality-rather than a bigger quantity of the same poor quality-

service.  Whatever the outcome of SEPTA's current proposal, everyone

knows it won't increase ridership. Time to try a new approach.



**Improvement Needed Corner

The fall 1993 issue of Bus World reported two developments in bus

technology.  The significance of both is twofold: somebody is working on

major improvements to the bus and unless similar improvements are made

to railcars,  rail will lose market share;  other regions are taking the

incentive and will end with the jobs and products unless our region

wakes up and takes some initiative.

The first development is one DVARP has been urging for years--fuel cell

power.  Ballard Power Systems of North Vancouver has converted a

production model bus to fuel cell propulsion.  This is the first phase

of a four-phase project to have a 60 passenger fuel cell bus ready to

market by 1998.  The company received C$6 million from a combination of

the Canadian government, British Columbia province, and BC Transit  for

development.  The Los Angeles MTA is providing 15% of the funding for

another fuel cell bus project.  While the fuel cell bus is pollution

free, there is no ambiguity about LAMTA's investment:  "in return for

its investment the agency expects a substantial portion of the

production buses...to be built in job-hungry southern California."

The second development is to make a low floor,  low  pollution,

lightweight bus.  For several reasons, recent-model buses have been

heavy and costly.  A new approach with new materials might result in a

lighter, cheaper bus.  As each part is made lighter, other parts such as

wheels and the engine can be smaller.

Another goal is to make a bus that lasts 25 years (twice the usual

economic life.) While "Philadelphia" (SEPTA?) is listed as being on an

advisory board for this bus, the implication again is that jobs would be

in southern California where LAMTA  is supervising the project.  More

important,  European manufacturers are also working on making buses

simpler, lighter, and cheaper.  It doesn't take much analysis to see

that a nine ton bus will use less fuel than a 27 ton LRV.

The challenge is clear-enough complicated, bloated railcars.

Manufactures and transit agencies must get back to a basic lightweight

railcar or see rail systems give way to improved buses.

The same magazine also reports that nine Baltimore buses have been

equipped with a pulsing infrared signal transmitter to test a traffic

light priority system. The goal is to reduce a 52 minute bus trip 20%.

Also, Greyhound has added a VORAD radar system to about half of its

buses.  The radar is intended to warn if the bus is too close to traffic

ahead, if traffic ahead is stopping quickly, and if there are vehicles

that would be hit changing lanes.  Even a seconds warning time will

reduce accidents. Both these concepts seem applicable both to buses and

to streetcars and trackless trolleys.  We encourage SEPTA, NJ Transit,

and DART to investigate these systems. -CB



**Pennsylvania Asleep at the Switch Again

Pennsylvania's state government has missed the train again. After

dreaming of a $10 billion high-tech maglev system, Pennsylvania has

twice missed opportunities for practical projects.  ISTEA provided for

five corridors  to  be  designated  high-speed rail   demonstration

areas. Portland-Seattle-Vancouver, Chicago, and even North Carolina got

on board that time. This time $5 million was available for high speed

projects. Grab the money and speed up Philadelphia-Harrisburg-Pittsburgh

a bit?   ZZZZZ.

Empire State Passenger Association reports that New York snatched 60% of

the funds to upgrade a turboliner for 125 mph operation. Now New York is

pursuing federal funds to test four quadrant gates at grade crossings

(four gates to completely close the crossing so drivers cannot go around

the lowered arm.) Yo! Harrisburg!, stop missing opportunities!-CB



**Is There a Better Way to Supply Buses?

After a several year gap, SEPTA may again be ready to get new buses. A

proposed experiment is to use two small buses to see if costs can be

reduced.  The trip to Washington state (see above) was an opportunity to

see how other transit systems use buses. SEPTA has large quantities of

few models;  the Washington systems had a proliferation of different

makes, models, and sizes. If a company makes a bus, there seemed to be

one in service there.

The up side is the ability to match vehicle size with passenger demand.

Bigger buses appeared on busier routes at peak times.  Outside peak

times buses were redistributed--a cascading upward of smaller buses as

the light lines reduced service.

The down side has to be high spare parts inventory, high maintenance

training and costs, and higher operating costs (drivers tend to

specialize in one type of bus.)   That big mess could come here under

the typical procurement process.  We got to thinking how can the

advantages be applied here while minimizing the difficulties.

1) Pool equipment among systems. That would enable larger quantities of

fewer types to be used.  Smaller buses could cascade to larger routes

during  off peak hours.  It would also mean garages could effectively

serve geographically nearby routes.  Joint orders like when many

Pennsylvania transit systems bought buses together, save money.

2) Buy families of vehicles using common parts for several sizes.  SEPTA

has both 35- and 40-foot versions of its GM and Neoplan buses.  Spare

parts, maintenance costs,  and operator training costs are minimized

while operator flexibility is maximized.

3) Standardize features such as drivers' work areas, mechanical parts,

and interior parts, even for different manufacturer's vehicles.

Benefits similar to previous item.

4) Obtain vehicle fleets from the manufacturers on a 'cost per seat

mile' basis.  Freight railroads used to purchase or lease locomotives

and spent money on building their own shops for maintenance.  Eventually

the railroads realized that the manufacturer's interest ended when the

locomotive was sold and that long-term reliability wasn't of concern

once the sale was made.

The railroads also realized that they did not want locomotives-they

wanted trains moved.  Now locomotives are obtained on a pay per

horsepower-hour used basis.  The manufacturer owns and maintains the

locomotive and guarantees a certain amount of train-moving capability to

the railroad. Once manufacturers were forced to maintain what they made

reliability improvement followed.

A similar situation applied to public transportation.  SEPTA doesn't

need buses.  It needs passenger seat miles in certain size packages.

There is no fundamental difference between SEPTA's need and the

railroads'.  SEPTA could contract for a certain number of seats capacity

in specified size ranges and pay the bus manufacturer/ maintainer/owner

a rate per seat mile-with deductions for inoperative air conditioning

and other faults. We could expect a quantum leap in bus technology and

reduced costs for SEPTA.-CB



*Employment Opportunities

Members interested in working in public transportation may be interested

in these jobs listed in a recent issue of Passenger Transport.  Contact

the agencies for more information.

Planning and development coordinator: Capitol Area Transit, James H.

Hoffer, 901 N. Cameron St., Box 1571, Harrisburg, PA 17105.

Mass Transit Analysts: PA Dept. of Transportation, Mimi Weakland, Bureau

of Personnel, Room 803 Transportation and Safety Building, Harrisburg,

PA. 17120. (717)-783-2687

Transportation Planner.  DVRPC, Human Resources Office, Bourse Bldg.

Phila., 19106.



**NJT Presents Rail Plan to DVARP    by William A. Ritzler

The New Jersey Transit Burlington-Gloucester Corridor Assessment

initiative was the subject of the October DVARP meeting.  James

Schwarzwalder, NJT Area Planning Manager made a presentation to the

general membership.  The presentation consisted primarily of slides of

the rail corridors under consideration, and examples of potential

vehicle and station designs.  During the presentation, Schwarzwalder

revealed several key pieces of information:

1)  Moorestown Township officials do not feel that utilizing the

existing Conrail right of way through the town center is the answer to

what they perceive as a regional, and not a local, mobility problem. He

stated that utilizing Route 73, I-295, or depressing the trackage

through the town center are possible alternatives under review.

2)  Gloucester County officials do not want a busway.  That option has

been eliminated from further consideration.

3)  NJT will study an electrified regional rail option from Maple Shade,

Burlington Co. to Market East Station in Philadelphia, over the Delair

Bridge and the Northeast Corridor. Suggested service frequency is twenty

minutes peak-direction, hourly off-peak using electric MU trains.  The

terminal station site near Route 73, a major arterial road, will utilize

an abandoned bus garage owned by NJT.  Other station locations include

Fork Landing Road, Maple Shade and a site adjacent to a recreation field

in Pennsauken.  The remote location and physical layout of the proposed

Pennsauken site is a concern to DVARP.  Another site at Westfield Avenue

may be more suitable.  A large parking lot exists on the site of an

abandoned warehouse, with easy access to and from Route 130 is possible.

(see September DVRP)

4)  A minimum operating segment from Camden to South Barber Ave.,

Woodbury and near Route 73, Maple Shade is under consideration as a

first phase for the LRT and 'Modified PATCO' options.  Extensions beyond

these points would be built as money and public support permit.

5)  NJT believes the possibility exists for the Camden waterfront to

experience a development boom similar to Hudson County, NJ.  The

Delaware River Port Authority is planning to relocate its administrative

offices to the waterfront.  NJT will study the Conrail waterfront branch

in South Camden as a Gloucester County LRT alignment option.  The right

of way along the branch is narrow and traverses a busy industrial area

with a great deal of vehicular traffic.  A short elevated structure

would be built to avoid conflicts at Conrail's Bulson Yard between

freight and LRVs.  Operation in downtown Camden would utilize the median

of Mickle Blvd. from Front Street to near Tenth Street.  Burlington

County LRVs would then enter a ramp to join the existing railroad grade

in that vicinity.

6)  LRT headways could be closer than modified PATCO, due to the fact

that the operation would be independent of the existing PATCO line.

Schwarzwalder described PATCO as reluctant about operating a multi-

branch system.  The study noted that a two branch system was feasible.

PATCO officials claim they have the ability to operate eight car trains

on a two minute headway, provided that track modifications are made in

Philadelphia.  Schwarzwalder said that LRT could be operated by NJT if

PATCO declines.

7)  NJT is sensitive to changes that will result from a new rail rail

line operating at grade.  Schwarzwalder pointed out that many of the

communities through which the proposed rail line would pass, have not

seen frequent rail service for years.  Accidents and lifestyle

disruptions that would generate negative opinions about transit are

something that NJT would like to avoid.

8)  LRT may be more readily accepted by residents in Burlington and

Gloucester County  communities.  Schwarzwalder stated that the corridors

under study are unlike the existing PATCO corridor, and may require "an

entirely different thought process" than the existing PATCO line.  He

asserts that smaller stations that are closer together may be a better

operating scenario for Burlington and Gloucester Counties.  Although

plausible for a short distance line, such a situation may have a

negative impact on long distance riders, and may preclude extensions

beyond Glassboro and Mt. Holly should they ever become feasible.

The presentation can be summarized as interesting, informative and

frank.  DVARP thanks James Schwarzwalder and NJT for their time and

effort on behalf of South Jersey transportation improvement.



**Trenton Stn.: More Improvements

NJ Transit's Board has approved a design contract for Phase II

rehabilitation of Trenton Station.  A new facade and entrance will be

built, and the roof and ventilation system will be replaced.

Landscaping and traffic flow will also be improved.

Meanwhile, construction of a new parking garage near the station is

underway.  NJ Transit designed and engineered the garage, while the NJ

Economic Development Authority provided low-cost financing to the

Station Plaza partners developing the garage.  Over a thousand extra

spaces will be available when the deck is completed next summer, but

there will be a short-term squeeze for park and ride customers.



*NJT Issues New Route Map

NJT Transit has issued a 1993 edition of its Burlington-Camden-

Gloucester transit map.  Similar to the previous edition, bus routes are

shown in schematic fashion and few streets without a bus are shown.  A

detailed center city Philadelphia-Camden map is included along with a

map of bus stops near the Camden Transportation Center. Malls, colleges,

hospitals, and other major destinations are shown. The map is free at

the Camden Transportation Center.



**Computer Corner:

On-line Access to SEPTA  Rail Schedules

A dream come true?  Thanks to the collaboration of SEPTA staffers and

University of Pennsylvania computer network administrators, you can now

see up-to-date commuter train schedules on your computer screen!

Penn has put the data in its menu-driven PennInfo server, which can be

accessed by telnet (penninfo. upenn.edu) or Gopher. (follow the menus to

the Univ. of Pennsylvania)

Once you connect to PennInfo, choose the Student Services menu, then

Transportation and Parking

Kudos to Glen Morris & Alan Wickersham of SEPTA, and Gayle Belford of

Penn.



**Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban

Station or Market East Station.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Nov. 13, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet,

1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Nov. 16, 5:45 pm at SEPTA

Board Room, 714 Market St.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Nov. 17, 7:30 to 9:30 am and

3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St. Terminal, 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown

Transportation Center.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Wed., Nov. 17, 6:00 at One Liberty

Place (food court), 17th and Market Sts. Philadelphia.  For more

information, call Joel Spivak, 215-755-7717.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Nov. 19, 3:00 at SEPTA Board Room, 714

Market St., 3rd Floor, Philadelphia

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Nov. 20, 9:00 to 10:30 at 104

Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

Abington Township Police Association Train Show: Sat., Nov. 20, 9:00 to

3:00 at Abington Junior High School, Susquehanna Road, Abington.  DVARP

will have a public information table at the show.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Nov. 20, 12:00 to 3:00 pm at Lansdale

Public Library.

SEPTA commuter rail schedules change Sun., Nov. 21.

Buckingham Valley Trolley Association trolley excursion through West

Philadelphia:  Sun., Nov. 21  "Peter Witt" car #8534 will be used.  The

Broad Street Subway excursion originally scheduled for this date has

been cancelled.  For information and tickets, contact George Metz, 130

Springton Lake Road, Media, PA  19063, phone 215-565-0528

Deadline for December newsletter material:  Fri., Nov. 26 to Matthew

Mitchell or in DVARP mailbox.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association Annual Dinner: Thu., Dec. 2.  Call

Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419, for more information and for reservations.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Dec. 11, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet,

1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Dec. 18, 1:00 to 4:00 at 10 South Ave.,

Jenkintown-Wyncote.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to

confirm time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.



**Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

*MARC Hikes Fares

Maryland MARC commuter rail increased its fares by an average of 19

percent last month.  It was the first increase in five years.

*New Station Go-Ahead in New York

President Clinton has promised that Federal funding will be available to

create jobs by converting the old Post Office into a new Amtrak station.

The project will cost $315 million.

*MBTA Gets New Cars

The first of 86 new Red Line cars have been delivered to the T from

Bombardier.

*Metro Green Line: Dec. 11

Opening day for the Washington Metro line to Greenbelt, MD will come

next month, but outer Green Line riders will have to transfer to Red

Line trains to get downtown or to Anacostia until 1996, when the rest of

the line is completed.

*Hartford Eyes Light Rail

ConnDOT and local agencies are studying the feasibility of light rail

service over an abandoned freight line running from Hartford to

Bloomfield, CT.  A decision to build is expected in spring.



**DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory

  DVARP main number (voice mail line)    215-222-3373

1  Chuck Bode, President    215-222-3373

5  Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation    215-552-4198

6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration    215-222-3373

5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations    215-386-2644

3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor     215-885-7448

4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator    215-222-3373

8  Treasurer    215-222-3373

2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.    215-659-7736

   (6 to 9 pm please)

3  Transit Committee    215-222-3373

7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committee    609-869-0020

   Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator   215-232-6303

Media Hotline (digital beeper)   215-552-4198

Computer e-mail address (internet)   iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu

CompuServe address   73243,1224



**Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, November 20, 12:00 to 3:00   Lansdale Public Library

R5 train leaves Suburban Station at 11:20

  walk one block north from station, turn left on Green St.,

  left on Vine St. to library

Saturday, December 18, 1:00 to 4:00   Jenkintown-Wyncote

Saturday, January 15, 1994,  1:15 to 4:15   Marcus Hook

  (location and time tentative)



*Agenda for the December meeting:

12:00 Introductions, agenda, minutes

12:05 Issues requiring immediate action:

  SEPTA fares

1:00 Other issues

  Commuter Rail Committee:

    Harrisburg Line

    Airport Line

  Administration:

    1994 dues

    1994 meeting sites

  General:

    DVARP brochure

    Outreach and membership building



*Committee Meetings:

South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Nov. 20, 9:00

  at 104 Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Dec. 11, 12:00

  at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 Chestnut St.

Transit Committee:  next meeting in December



*Outreach Activities:  ATPA Train Show-Abington JHS

  Sat., Nov. 20, 9:00 to 3:00

  volunteers wanted!



                               ** End **


