The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

August  1994 Vol. XII, No. 8

ISSN 1073-6859

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in
the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the
present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of
southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.


For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact
us: P.O. Box 7505,  Philadelphia, PA  19101       215-222-3373
<mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov> or <73243.1224@compuserve.com>

The electronic edition is produced as a public service to the network
community.   It is archived on the CUNYVM Listserver in the RAILNEWS
directory. An index of back issues is available by sending INDEX
RAILNEWS to LISTSERV@CUNYVM. Thanks  to Geert K. Marien (GKMQC@CUNYVM)
for maintaining this archive! If you have comments or questions, contact
us, not Geert!
  The DVRP is also archived on these FTP servers
ftp://wuarchive.wustl.edu/graphics/trains/text or
graphics/trains/incoming ftp://hipp.etsu.edu/pub/railroad/dvarp (Thanks
to Bob Weir) Volumes X (1992) and XI (1993) are on floppy disk for $4.00
each from DVARP.

We hope you consider joining DVARP; your financial support makes
possible this newsletter and our many other activities on behalf of rail
and transit passengers.  Annual dues are $15.00.  see the coupon at ##V.

Contents copyright (C) 1994 DVARP, except photos (C) 1994 credited
photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not
necessarily those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments:
call 215-222-3373

DVARP President: Chuck Bode      Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell
Production Manager: Tom Borawski for other officers and committee
chairs, search for ##U


contents:
   use the search function of your word processor to find articles 
##A  Two Victories for SEPTA Passengers!: 
##A1  State Policy Shift:  More Funds to be Flexed 
##A2  New Service Standards, Budget Process Reform
##B  Comments from the President:  New Standards are a Big Step Forward
##C  From the Editor's Seat:  Now That We've Won... 
##D  On the Railroad Lines...
       SEPTA Seeks to Cut 3 Stations
       Center City Construction
  ##R1  Trespasser Hit, Riders Wait
  ##R5  Bryn Mawr is Back
  ##R8  Queen Lane in Action
  ##LRD  Trolleys Enhance Events
         Eye on the Infrastructure: photo
         Combined Timetable
  ##CTD  "Special Delivery" at Night
         West Phila. Bus Route Changes
         SEPTA Union Wins Competitive Bid 
##E  Battle Looms For Control of Board 
##F  Fumo Denies Power Grab Charge 
##G  City Plan Seeks "World Class Network" 
##H  Up Close and Personal: A Life on the R8 
##I  A Not-So-Obvious Purpose of Public Transportation 
##J  Letters to DVARP
       SEPTA plays 'gotcha'
       Scary El ride
       The future of Camden Transportation Center?
       Comments on Northeast Philadelphia Rapid Transit
       More on Ticket Taxes 
##K  RailReading:  "Getting There" 
##L  Amtrak to Sue RRs for Delays 
##M  Delaware Enjoys Rail Excursion 
##N  Cherry Hill Open: Pedestrian Access Awful 
##O  Atlantic City Notes 
##P  DVRP to Go First Class Again 
##Q  Office Equipment Gifts Could Help 
##R  Annual Picnic This Month! 
##S  Dates of Interest: many cancellations 
##T  Up and Down the Corridor 
##U  DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory 
##V  DVARP Membership Coupon 
##W  Upcoming DVARP Meetings:



##A  Two Victories for SEPTA Passengers!: 
##A1  State Policy Shift:  More Funds to be Flexed

by Matthew Mitchell

State government officials in Pennsylvania have finally heard the
message of southeastern Pennsylvania citizens and their elected
officials.  The allocation of state transportation funds and the Federal
funds they match will finally come into balance with the population of
the state.

The committment by the Casey administration to reallocate transportation
dollars is expected to make an additional $400 million available to
SEPTA over the next four years.  Based on past budgets, these funds,
when added to those presently invested in our regional transit system,
ought to be enough to fully fund SEPTA's long-range capital program.  So
instead of constantly scraping for money, SEPTA can get on with its job
or providing and maintaining the public transportation links which
create jobs and prosperity for Pennsylvanians.  The agreement does not
have the force of law, though; it is dependent on the good will of
Governor Casey's successor.

According to a story in the Inquirer, a disproportionate share of
transportation funds had been directed to rural areas for years. Though
the five SEPTA counties account for over 30 percent of Pennsylvania's
population, only 19 percent of transportation dollars were spent there.
As a result, rural highways flourished while SEPTA was forced to cut
service.

The shortage of capital, and possibly also the unwise use of that which
remained, forced the suspension of long-distance commuter rail service
to West Chester, Pottstown, Newtown, and Bethlehem in the early '80s.
As a result, these fast-growing outer-suburban areas were developed in a
highway-centered fashion, something for which the residents will pay for
years to come.

Imbalanced transportation policy had other bad consequences for our
region, too.  Without funds to invest in replacing obsolete and
costly-to-maintain equipment, SEPTA's operating budget took the hit.
The need to lease buses, trains, and even subway turnstiles contributed
to the SEPTA budget crises of the past decade and to the high fares and
reduced service we are so familiar with.

The Federal government recognized four years ago that intermodal
transportation policy made the most sense, and passed the landmark
Intermodal Surface Transportation Act (ISTEA).  Under ISTEA, local
officials, who best know the transportation needs of their communities,
were empowered to find the best solutions without being tied into
spending money on specific modes like highways. The key provision of
ISTEA was "flexibility" of transportation funds.  But Pennsylvania
lagged behind nearly all the other industrialized states in flexing
highways dollars to more effective rail and transit solutions.  Now
that's changed.

While they weren't mentioned by the politicians, grass-roots campaigns
by groups like DVARP must have had some effect on state officials.
DVARP's petition drive asking for a balanced state transportation policy
attracted thousands of signatures.  Each of those names lent strength to
the appeals of the local elected officials who finally won this change.
While the pace of change may be too slow for some of us, it is
reassuring to know that the democratic system still works, and that
governments are recognizing that the solution to local problems like
gridlocked highways and deteriorated transit links between taxpayers and
jobs are found locally, and that a policy that relies on roads alone is
not the best choice for the economic health of Pennsylvania.


##A2  New Service Standards, Budget Process Reform

by Chuck Bode

SEPTA has released proposed new service standards for its City Transit
Division. There are nine specific standards and a process for annually
adjusting service to the standards.  Hearings on the proposal will be
held in four city locations later this month.  [see calendar]  The
process, where transportation needs are identified and resources
allocated to meet the needs in the most cost-effective manner, bears a
remarkable resemblance to the budget and planning process DVARP has been
calling for for five years.  The concept is well summarized in the
hearing notice:

Transit Service Standards are public rules that are used to make
decisions about where transit vehicles should run and how often.  They
form the basis of recommenda-tions regarding routing and service
proposals (also known as SEPTA tariff proposals).  The process of
applying Service Standards will be a full and open one, with comments
and review from the general public, elected officials and planning
professionals.  Final decisions regarding routing changes would still be
made by the SEPTA Board based on all of the facts before them.

The application of Serv ice Standards has two major advantages: 1)
Identifies the best use of limited resources by comparing different
choices for these resources.  2) Leads to a fair, equitable, open and
objective comparison of all requests and proposals from the general
public, elected officials and SEPTA staff.

While SEPTA presently applies "unofficial" standards to guide its
service and routing desision making, the adoption of an official, Board
adopted set of standards, which has been agreed upon by the general
public, elected officials, and planning professionals, will increase
community involvement.

Draft Service Standards documents have been prepared which outline a
proposed set of guidelines for transit services operated by SEPTA's City
Transit Division and the process by which these guidelines would be used
to evaluate service changes.  In order to provide transportation which
is affordable by passengers and taxpayers, trade-offs are sometimes
necessary between the benefits achieved and the cost of providing these
services.  The proposed Service Standards will provide a reliable way
for making these decisions.  This process involves both the continuous
monitoring of services and an annual review of possible changes.  The
proposal provides for comments from the general public and elected
officials and ensures that all service changes and proposals are
analyzed fairly.

A new and major part of the proposed Service Standard process is the
establishment of an Annual Service Plan which will identify service
changes that are designed to achieve specific service goals and
objectives (i.e.  major route restructuring) which would have an impact
on the operating budget.

The Annual Service Plan will be tied into the annual SEPTA Operating
Budget process with time allotment for municipal and public comments.
Also incorporated is the existing SEPTA route implementation process,
which includes public hearings conducted by an independent hearing
examiner and final approval by the SEPTA Board.  Proposals with no
budget impact will not be part of the Annual Service Plan; they may be
implemented through the existing tariff and hearing process, throughout
the year.

SEPTA has made two documents of unprecedented thoroughness available for
review.  One is the actual proposal.  The other contains the proposal
plus additional background information on service standards in other
cities and on current unofficial procedures at SEPTA.  The public can
see these documents at SEPTA headquarters and at major libraries.

Hearings on the Standards:

Mon. Aug. 22, 7:00-9:00 pm, George Washington H.S., 11000 Bustleton Av.;

Tue. Aug. 23, 1:00-3:00 pm at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St.

Wed. Aug 24, 7:00-9:00 pm at Northeast Regional Library (Cottman Ave &
Oakland St-near Bustleton Av.)

Thurs. Aug 25, 7:00-9:00 pm at 46th Street Baptist Church (46th &
Woodland)

Summary of proposed standards

1. Service coverage:  'well served' if a stop is within 1/4 mile of the
passenger's origin; 'served' if within 1/2 mile.

2. Stop spacing:

Existing urban routes: minimum of 500 feet between stops

New urban routes: minimum of 1000 feet between stops

Suburban: min. 1000 feet between stops in residential areas; at major
traffic generators in "rural" areas

3. Route performance guideline:  maximum subsidy per passenger of three
times the average value.  The calculation is done annually using
previous fiscal year data on fully allocated cost and CTD average fare
per unlinked passenger.  FY93 data is included in the document; eleven
routes presently fail the three-times-average-subsidy test: Rapid
transit owl service, 1, 16, 27, 67, 68, 88, 89, 121, X, and Fox
Chase-Newtown shuttle.

4. Transfers: no specific standards are proposed.  Three paragraphs
describe concepts of coordination with rapid transit lines at major
stations during periods of long headways, timed transfers on major
surface routes during off peak periods, and coordination with regional
rail at several locations.

5. Service frequency:  'Policy headways' are a maximum time between
vehicles to be operated even though ridership is not enough to fill
them. The proposed headways on rapid transit vary from 5 to 15 minutes,
light rail from 15 to 30 minutes, trackless trolley and urban buses from
20 to 30 minutes, and suburban buses (22, 44, 55, 121) from 30 to 60
minutes; all depending on time of day and day of week.  To meet the
standard as proposed, several routes would require additional service at
an annual cost of $4,773,000.  A limited service route category exempt
from this standard is set up, including Routes 4, X, and all 400 series.

6. 24-hour service: Policy headway for owl buses is to be 30 minutes
except for the rapid transit bus substitutes which are 15 minutes.  The
standard shows current owl routes, but makes no reference to defining an
owl network or to any service coverage for an owl network.

7. Vehicle loading: Given SEPTA's past history of service cuts on
well-patronized routes, this standard is likely to be of high
importance.  Regular buses are expected to carry no more than 64-68
passengers for up to 15 minutes, depending on bus model (they have 39-42
seats); articulated buses-96 passengers; LRVs-85 passengers (51 seats);
Broad St. cars-135 passengers; Market-Frankford cars-100 passengers; and
trackless trolleys-68 passengers.

8. On time performance  The proposed standards would apply only to
routes operating on private right-of-way.  The number of trips arriving
within five minutes of schedule should be 75 or 80% when trips are
scheduled 10 minutes or less apart; and 85 or 95% when trips are more
than ten minutes apart (the lower number would apply to peak hours, the
higher number the rest of the time.)

9. Duplicative service "...new service cannot compete with existing
services, especially the High Speed and Regional Rail Lines."  This
standard effectively prohibits express buses from suburban areas to
center city, but recognizes that routes different characteristics can
serve different markets, such as C and BSS, which is permissible.

Service adjustment process

Standards are only half of the proposal.  The other half is a process to
bring the service operated into compliance with the standards and then
to modify the service as ridership demand changes.  SEPTA proposes the
following ten step process:

1. Requests for new service are to be submitted by August 1 of the prior
year.

2. Planning and evaluation process August 1 to December 1.

3. Prioritized list of projects completed first week of December.

4. Project list presented to and discussed with affected groups and
agencies during second week of December.

5. Tariffs prepared, filed and circulated during first two weeks of
January.

6. Public hearing notices published Feb. 1.

7. Public hearings-first two weeks of March.

8. Action recommended by Hearing Examiner by second week of April.

9. SEPTA Board vote fourth week of April and (if needed) at May Board
meeting.

10. Implementation mid-June.

Budget Process

The ten-step service process is linked to the annual operating budget
proposal ans approval process so that the proposed budget is related to
the proposed service.  A four-step budget process is proposed:

1. Internal budget proposal in mid-January.

2. Budget proposal published first week of March.

3. Budget hearings first two weeks of April.

4. SEPTA Board consideration fourth week of May and (if needed) June
meeting.

Measuring Benefits and Costs

The planning and evaluation process is covered in detail.  Changes must
be in writing and can be proposed by the public, by public officials and
agencies, by SEPTA planners, and by other SEPTA employees.  Proposals
are sent to the appropriate section of SEPTA for evaluation.

First, proposals for new services are checked to verify that they meet
the service standards.  Complaints about service quality and operating
problems are sent to the operating division and the requester is to be
responded to in writing.  Proposals for changes in hours of service,
frequency, or level of service are sent to the Planning and Development
department; again the requester is to receive a written response.

More substantial cha nges, such as changes in routing, are to go through
a comparative evaluation process.  That process would have three parts:
1) cost analysis, 2) ridership forecasting, and 3) community benefit
analysis.  Cost analysis considers miles and hours of operation.  Hours
are priced using a fully allocated labor rate.  Three mileage costs are
applied depending on the scale of the change.  Where changes are minor,
a simple accounting measure would be used; for large-scale plans,
overhead costs would be taken into consideration too.

The ridership forecasting process would include estimation of changes in
farebox revenue.  "Several determinants will be analyzed to forecast
ridership including, but not limited to, the most recent available
census data, levels of employment along segments under consideration,
DVRPC population and employment forecasts, and observed patronage and
travel patterns on groups of similar services serving similar markets."

Community benefit analysis assigns points to 6 considerations.  Each
late night & owl period rider scores 5 points; each peak period rider
scores 4; each passenger that has a transfer eliminated or added 3
points (plus to eliminate, minus to add); each passenger with changed
travel time 2 points (plus if faster trip, minus if slower); each
passenger with changed walking distance gets 2 points (plus for less
walking, minus for more); and each added off-peak or student rider-one
point.

To rank proposals, benefit points from are divided by the difference
between cost and revenue, so that the criterion for decision-making
comes as close to a true benefit/cost ratio as possible.

Recognizing that the data to be used is "less comprehensive and complete
than would be desirable,"  SEPTA commits to developing and refining the
information.  Gray areas cannot be avoided.  "In these cases it will be
necessary for staff to exercise professional judgement, based on
experience, with input from community organizations and political
representatives to properly evaluate specific service proposals."  SEPTA
also recognizes that this is only a beginning, and that changes may be
needed as experience is gained with the process.

The proposed standards include formalization of three types of passenger
traffic checks: corner checks (passengers on board as bus passes a
specific point), ride checks (counting passengers boarding and leaving
at each stop), and origin-destination studies which identify each
passenger's origin and destination stop.

The standards also provide for temporary emergency changes and for
promotional and experimantal tariffs, as at present.

##B  Comments from the President:  New Standards are a Big Step Forward

by Chuck Bode

SEPTA's proposed service standards are another sign of the "continuous
improvement" slogan hitting home with SEPTA's administrators.  The
concept is nearly identical to DVARP's recommendations at the past
several budget hearings.

DVARP is reviewing the new standards and will suggest changes that will
represent "fine tuning" of this proposal, not major criticism.  Our big
message is that SEPTA deserves commendation for this big step forward in
recognizing the public interest.

The most important result of service standards is the process and the
means to rank service to determine where, when, and how much service to
provide.  By using a standard process all participants can concentrate
on the proposed service.  Without any process, as at present, much
emotion, hostility, and energy can be expended by participants.

However, a hard task lies ahead-getting agreement on a process, on
factors and values, and on data sources.  Without agreement and "buy-in"
from residents, passengers, officials, planners, and SEPTA-the long-term
battle will just add a new front-the service standards.

SEPTA's recognition of data limitations and of gray areas is important.
Professional planners understand that the plans are estimates and use
best-available data while recognizing its limitations.  An educational
process needs to be established to help less experienced participants
understand the process, the limitations, and the optimized use of
limited resources.

Another educational process is needed for the professional planners-the
"best" plans on paper may not be best for the community to be served.
It is hard for passengers in gang-infested neighborhoods to appreciate
travel time savings if it means waiting at a dangerous location.  It is
even harder for passengers on crowded buses to understand that their
route is not only unprofitable, but unproductive.

Developing cost, revenue, ridership, and forecasting data that all
participants have confidence in is vital.  Agreeing on the factors and
process is the second step.  Thereafter, applying the process should
eliminate much of the contentiousness at hearings, improve the budget
process, and ultimatly improve SEPTA by cutting political pressures out
of the process of planning and delivering transit service.  Service
standards are a major improvement, we all need to work to make them work
for us.

[ed. note: the following list of points has been abridged; for the full
list of preliminary comments on the service standards, please check
on-line (send us an e-mail)  For a copy of DVARP's statement on the
service standards, please send $1.00 for printing and postage after
August 21]

*The first observation is that the standards seem more designed to
minimize the cost for SEPTA to serve transit-dependent city residents
than to increase ridership by attracting discretionary passengers.

*There is a service coverage standard, but there is no indication of
what geographic area in intended to be well-served, served, or not
served.  Addition of boundaries would clarify what amount of service to
expect in each neighborhood.  This would also clarify an exception to
the maximum subsidy rate for the only service in an area that otherwise
would fail the service coverage standard.

*Stop spacing should be in terms of using the values as guidelines
rather than absolute.  For example a school and a church may be closer
than the minimum spacing, yet separated by a dangerous intersection and
be used at different times.  The principle is reducing travel time, not
measuring stop spacing.  Stop spacing should also include maximum
values-there should be stops at least every half mile along the route
even if there are no major trip generators.

*Vehicle loading is at extreme crush loading conditions.  This should be
the exception, not daily performance for periods of 15 minutes per
vehicle. There is no hope of doing anything but discouraging ridership
when vehicles are so crowded that passengers cannot get through the
aisle.

*On time performance should have a measurable standard for all types of
routes, including those operating in streets.  A substandard should be
provided that limits missed trips.

Provision for changes originating from the general public is
commendable. So is using one process to evaluate proposals whether they
come from the public, public officials, and from SEPTA staff-both
planners and others.

*The evaluation process groups changes for a route into one package.
However, the changes can include both parts which reduce and which
increase the subsidy.  SEPTA's example includes rerouting to serve a
shopping center and eliminating an unproductive segment.  Suppose the
combination increased the subsidy-then the unproductive segment would
remain, hardly the  best outcome.

*The evaluation process includes factors other than cost, such as
changes in transfers, travel time, walking distance, and number of
passengers, converting the various factors into a score which is used to
rank the changes.  Then existing routes are placed into the budget,
followed by service change proposals in rank order until the budget
limit is reached.  Leftover routes would presumably be abandoned and
leftover changes omitted.  This process has the same flaw, a cost
reduction change with a low rank score might fall off the list, when its
retention would have provided savings.  The process could be modified to
place subsidy reducing changes into the list first to minimize required
subsi dy.  Alternatively, once at the budget limit, only subsidy
increasing changes would be dropped.

*Network effects are missing from the process.  Suppose the process
eliminated every route in South Philadelphia or every east-west route
because they all were at the end of the list.  Where is provision in the
plan to allow for the effects of the changes-such as eliminating a route
which feeds riders to another route and makes it profitable?  Provision
for a network effect step might adjust within the process, rather than
at the hearing or Board level.


##C  From the Editor's Seat:  Now That We've Won...

The headline blared out at me from a newspaper box at BWI station-SEPTA
to Get $400 Million.  News so suprising that I paid almost double to get
the paper right there instead of waiting until I got home.  On the
voice-mail the same week was a request from Chuck Bode that we get
working on a statement for public hearings on a new set of SEPTA service
standards and a planning and budgeting process which bears a remarkable
resemblance to that which DVARP has been asking for for at least five
years.  What a month!  Two weeks ago I was planning an August newsletter
full of relaxing summer stuff: the kind of stories which remind us why
we support passenger trains.  Now I'm looking at a record length for
this issue (and giving great thanks for Betsey, Chuck, and all the other
people who are covering these stories for you).  We haven't had a win
this big since the RailWorks(R) detour trains, and never two of them in
a month.

Rewarding as they were, we must not rest on these victories.  First of
all, they open new opportunities to us.  Now that Pennsylvania is
on-board with the spirit as well as the letter of ISTEA, we can look for
new opportunities to promote passenger rail as the right answer for
Pennsylvania's transportation needs.  It's time to replace cuts in SEPTA
service with bold improvements that will attract riders back to the
system, like real express trains on the Wilmington line, and some hustle
on the Reading-side trains which now dawdle their way through North
Philadelphia.

I'd also like to see a summit of PennDOT officials, SEPTA, and officials
from the second ring of counties (Lancaster, Dauphin, Berks, Lehigh, and
Northampton) surrounding Philadelphia; to come up with a package of
medium-distance rail services from Harrisburg, Reading, and the
Allentown-Bethlehem area (maybe even Scranton) to Philadelphia.
Individually, these services might not be politically or economically
viable, but together, they could reduce the pressure on state highways
while providing new opportunities and mobility to residents of these
counties.  As development pressure creeps outward from Philadelphia, a
bold rail plan could be the way for rural communities to benefit from
growth without harming their traditional quality of life.

Following our success in Harrisburg, DVARP must now assume a role as
protector of SEPTA's full funding.  The easiest way to make the state
slip back into a highway-dominated view would be for SEPTA to spend
these new dollars wastefully.  Fortunately, the new planning process is
a bold step towards taking politics and personalities out of transit
investment, and instead directing dollars where they will give taxpayers
the greatest return.  Our job should be (as it always has been) to point
out the places where SEPTA falls short of this standard, and to make
sure that the interest of SEPTA's customers always comes first: in
everyday service as well as in long-range planning.

It's a new era for transportation in Pennsylvania, and a new era coming
for DVARP.  Take a moment somehow to mark this date.  Make a special
donation to DVARP, and mark it "Victory Fund" if you like; volunteer to
start a community group which will maintain and beautify your train
station and make it a symbol of your town or neighborhood; or maybe
convince your state legislator or member of Congress to ride the train
to work instead of driving.  Wins like these come along once in a
decade, maybe a generation; let them be an inspiration to us.-MDM


##D  On the Railroad Lines...

SEPTA Seeks to Cut 3 Stations

Public hearing notices have just gone up for a SEPTA proposal to
eliminate RRD service to the R6 Shawmont, R7 Wissinoming, and R8
Westmoreland stations.  Ridership at them is very low, in part because
of service cuts.  Eliminating stops can speed up the trains,  but at the
cost of losing potential riders.  To voice your opinion on this issue,
send a letter to the SEPTA Hearing Examiner at 714 Market, Phila. PA,
19106

Center City Construction

SEPTA RRD riders should be prepared for minor delays while SEPTA
performs a six-month project to repair catenary poles and other items
between 30th St. and the Center City tunnel portal.

##R1  Trespasser Hit, Riders Wait

Commuters found their ride severely delayed the morning of July 19, when
a northbound R5 train struck and killed a trespasser near Cheltenham
Ave.  Trains on both tracks were halted for well over an hour at the
height of the morning peak.  The victim was a 29-year old man who was
reported to have had a history of emotional problems.

##R5  Bryn Mawr is Back

Amtrak completed work to restore the signal tower at Bryn Mawr, which
was struck by a fire six months ago.  New Paoli line schedules are in
effect, restoring full rush-hour service.

*SEPTA has purchased nine acres of land for parking at Whitford.

##R8  Queen Lane in Action

July 9th was a scraping and painting party for the Friends of Queen Lane
Station.  Despite heat and humidity, they toiled on.  With their own
scrapers and brushes, on their own ladders they worked.  Determined that
the station should be an asset to the community, they carried on after
SEPTA funds ran out.

A less strenuous event, the reopening party, was held July 23rd.  This
project shows what can be accomplished when the community and SEPTA work
together.

Three years ago Lucia Rosenberg, determined that Queen Lane Station
would be restored, founded the Friends of Queen Lane Station (FQLS).
FQLS worked with SEPTA to get a $250,000 restoration of the station and
to get a tenant for the station. The station received major repairs, but
funds ran out before SEPTA's contractor completed work-which is why FQLS
stepped in again.  DVARP members who would like to contribute to this
effort, or who would like to become involved are urged to contact John
Bustard, FQLS, 2808 Midvale Ave, Phila., Pa. 19129.

Several other stations have similar community backing.  Overbrook
Station won $1,000,000 for renovation because of community efforts to
secure Federal funds.  The pretty flower baskets at Narberth are put
there by friends, while the St Martins' group donates thousands of
dollars annually to maintain the station and grounds.

Friends of Queen Lane beautify their station   Photo: Chuck Bode

We occasionally hear reports of other station groups, there may be over
a dozen.  Members who know the address of a station group are encouraged
to write or call us with it, so we can publish a directory of them.
Members who would like to form such a group are also encouraged to send
an announcement to DVARP.


##LRD  Trolleys Enhance Events

SEPTA has issued a 1994 Schedule of Events for the Light Rail Division.
As reported previously, there will be no Trolleyfest in 1994.  Instead
special services will be operated several times a month, often in
conjunction with community events that will attract patronage without
SEPTA having to do the marketing.  Support of these events will also go
far to cement the transit-community bond.  The information and
reservations phone is 215-580-3773.

One special event will commemorate the centennial of route 23: a trip
from Chestnut Hill (10 am) to Ontario loop, August 13 & 14 [$7.50
adults, $4.00 children, reservations suggested].  September 11, a tour
from Chestnut Hill to "North Philadelphia" will include a professional
tour guide to describe points of interest [two runs 9 and 11 am from
Chestnut Hill, $10 adults, $5 children/seniors, reservations suggested.]
SEPTA has also moved its historic Peter Witt car to Germantown, where it
can be operated on t he Chestnut Hill Trolley line, which runs until 9
pm Saturday evenings in August.

Eye on the Infrastructure:

Subway-surface track switches at 42nd and Woodland were replaced last
month.  View-west down Woodland Ave.	photo: Chuck Bode

Combined Timetable

A new handy folder shows daily headways of all 5 subway surface lines,
plus complete late-night schedules, especially handy for City Hall-40th
St. riders.  Look for it in schedule holders on the cars.

*Several subway-surface cars were decorated Hawaiian-style for the 4th
of July.


##CTD  "Special Delivery" at Night

SEPTA has announced a new policy that allows buses to stop on request at
locations other than bus stops between 9 pm and 5 am.  Request stops
will only be made at locations where the bus can safely stop.  Boardings
continue at designated stops-watching out for possible passengers in the
middle of the block might compromise safety and increase travel time.

NJ Transit has had this "Request-a-Stop" program for a couple of years.
Its goal is to remove fear of crime as a deterrent from riding the bus
at night.  When the bus can stop right in front of your house, you'll
often have a shorter walk than if you had driven home.  Members are
encouraged to let DVARP know how the new policy is working.-CB

West Phila. Bus Route Changes

Last month, SEPTA announced the first part of a two-phase bus route
realignment in West Philadelpia.  These changes simplify the system and
address SEPTA's chronic funding shortfall.

The east-west routes south of Market St. have three terminals: 69th St.,
Wycombe, and 61st and Pine.  Presently, Route 21 alternates between the
first two endpoints.  To reduce confusion, the Wycombe branch is to be
dropped from the 21, and replaced with new Route 41 service, which would 
operate via the 42 route on Spruce St., except that it would remain on 
Spruce St from 38th to 33rd thus bypassing the slow Civic Center routing.

Minor tariff changes included in the package include the elimination of
two little-used route extensions: the 52 to Lindbergh Ave. (all buses
would terminate at Woodland), and the 65 to the Germantown VA and Broad
& Erie.

Three hearings are scheduled: Mon. Aug 29, 1:30 pm, VA Building,
Wissahickon & Manheim; Mon. Aug. 29, 6:00 pm, YMCA of West Phila., 5120
Chestnut St,; and Tue. Aug 30, 6:30 pm, Penn Tower Hotel, Civic Center
Blvd at 34th St.

SEPTA Union Wins Competitive Bid

A new Center City bus service, the PHLASH, sponsored by the City of
Philadelphia, is expected to begin service late next month.  TWU Local
234 cooperated with SEPTA management to win the contract to operate it.
The long-dormant Trenton-Philadelphia Coach Corp (a predecessor company
which survived as part of SEPTA for regulatory reasons) was reactivated,
and its labor contract with TWU was renegotiated.  Hourly pay for the
drivers will be $10.53: significantly less than what SEPTA's City
Transit operators make.

The PHLASH will operate from 2nd and Bainbridge to Logan Circle, serving
many tourist destinations.  During the day, it will run via Arch St.,
and at night, via Market.  Night extensions will serve portions of Pine
St. and Spring Garden.

CREDITS:  News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Chuck
Bode, Howard Bender, Betsey Clarke, Lucia Esther, Russ Gould, John Hay,
Bob Machler, Don Nigro.

Additional news from BITNET, Philadelphia Inquirer, Railpace, Railway
Age, USENET, Washington Post



##E  Battle Looms For Control of Board

by Betsey Clark

In the last issue of the DVRP, we laid out before you the state funding
crisis faced by SEPTA caused by a minor language glitch describing
revenue sources which would have cost the transit agency between $54
million and $120 million, had it not been resolved.  We also discussed
General Manager Louis Gambaccini's pending new contract which caused a
flap among members of the State Legislature who considered it too
extravagant.  This, in turn, led to an effort by at least some of these
members to reorganize the SEPTA Board so that the State would have
greater control over the general manager's, general counsel's, and
professional service contracts retained without competitive bidding.  If
these politicians had their way, the Board would be composed of five
individuals, all hand-picked by the State, so that the State would then
have a majority on this governing body.

Patrick H. McCarthy, Governor Casey's appointee to the present SEPTA
Board, was a prime negotiator with Gambaccini's lawyer on the contract
which has caused so much controversy.  He felt that it was not excessive
for someone whose job performance for the past five years has been very
highly regarded by most Board members.  Not surprisingly, there is a
strong desire among these members to retain the general manager for at
least the next three years.  McCarthy pointed out that the controversial
contact was probably less than what Gambaccini was legally entitled to
and was not out of line with what heads of transit agencies in other
cities were pulling down.  McCarthy added that he had been "really hard
nosed" with Mr. Gambaccini's lawyer and had succeeded in hammering out
something that was considerably downsized from the one first offered in
1988.  In fact, one negotiator felt that this new contract was actually
15 percent less than the old one.

The first contract offered to the SEPTA General Manger started him at
$180,000 per year with provisions for regular raises.  Extras included a
generous vacation and a fully paid apartment.  According to Patrick
McCarthy,  Mr. Gambaccini didn't use much of his vacation time, never
took the free apartment, and, in fact, gave it up several years ago.
Furthermore, when SEPTA management personnel were asked to take pay
cuts,  Mr. Gambaccini did not take all of the raises his contract called
for.  This means that, had Mr. Gambaccini taken all of these raises, he
would have been making about $235,000 per year instead of his current
$191,700. Furthermore, the $235,000 figure does not take into account a
total of $205,000 in benefits he never used.  However, out of a desire
to settle the old contract, Mr. Gambaccini agreed to take $190,000 and
to continue his pay at the present level.

Mr. McCarthy did concede that the new contract provided for improvements
in medical and life insurance, as well as other perks, some of which
were spelled out in the July  version of this newsletter.

Admittedly, some Board members were surprised at the number of generous
benefits in this proposed new contract.   A number of them also felt
that the timing of the expressed displeasure of the state legislatures
with the prospective contract was calculated to build a case for the new
superboard.  By portraying SEPTA as being careless with its money, a
stronger case could be made for passage of  a bill allowing for creation
of this revamped board structure.

After this controversy came to light, the SEPTA Board scheduled a
closed-door meeting on July 1, where the issue of Mr. Gambaccini's
contract was supposed to be discussed.  In all likelihood, the Board
would end up offering the general manager a stripped down version of the
contract first put out two weeks ago so that the threat of an attempt by
the State government to meddle with the transit agency's governing body
would hopefully be lessened.

##F  Fumo Denies Power Grab Charge

In a guest column published in the Daily News July 13, State Senator
Vince Fumo (D-Phila) responded to editorials and columns written in
various newspapers saying that the proposed changes to the SEPTA Board
contained in House Bill #1338 are a move by the State Legislature to
seize power at the transit agency.  He felt that the intentions of the
Legislature were misread, and that the causes of this effort were
ignored.

He called attention to SEPTA 's $50 million budget deficit and said that
only the Legislature seemed concerned about this.  Quoting from his
column directly:

SEPTA's budget has a $50 million deficit, yet no one other than the
Legislature seems concerned about this.  In 1987, SEPTA's total
operating budget was $555 million, with the state supplying 35 percent.
In 1994-95, the proposed opera ting budget is $687 million, with the
state's share increasing to 51 percent....In 1987-88, SEPTA's share of
the state's dollars for urban mass transit was $214 million, or 69
percent of total state funds.  For 1994-95, SEPTA is estimating it will
receive $450 million from the Urban Mass Transit Fund, or 72 percent of
all mass-transit dollars in the state.

Fumo then expressed his feeling that SEPTA was becoming more dependent
on the State of Pennsylvania for its funding, and that this was one of
the reasons why the Legislature should be more involved in the governing
of SEPTA and the Board.  He then said that SEPTA's management and some
of the board members seemed to have no concern as to how SEPTA spends
the State's money.  He felt that a natural result of this situation was
that SEPTA management was not forced to explain its decisions and their
financial consequences to the people who pay the bill.

Mr. Fumo feels more strongly than ever of the need to hold accountable
organizations who spend the public's money.  He then reiterated his
perception of an insensitive SEPTA management (e.g., Lou Gambaccini's
proposed contract), and said that the "we must make them understand."


##G  City Plan Seeks "World Class Network"

by Lucia Esther

Mayor Rendell and City Councilwoman Happy Fernandez (D-at large)
unveiled Philadelphia Transportation Policy; Planning For The 21st
Century In Collaboration With The Metropolitan Region on June 8 at the
Pennsylvania Convention Center.  When Fernandez was first elected to
City Council, Council President John Street appointed her to lead the
Committee on Transportation and Public Utilities.  Knowing that she knew
nothing about transportation she began to research the subject.  In the
spring of 1992 City Council authorized her to conduct a formal study,
which has just been completed.

The following article is a outline of the plan, which is divided into
four sections.  An analysis and discussion of this plan will follow in
future issues.  DVARP's Chuck Bode attended a prelinimary discussion
meeting and later submitted a written statement.  You are invited to
participate by writing us with your comments.  Copies of the final
report and video can be obtained from Fernandez's office. (215-686-3414,
City Hall Rm 484, Phila. PA. 19107).

I.  ASSETS

A.  A World Class Network

The Delaware Valley has an intermodal mass transit system already in
place.  To build the present system today would cost about $75 billion.

Other cities are starting from scratch and spending $445 billion to
build mass transit systems.

B.  Jobs and the Economy

In addition to construction jobs, transportation jobs in the Delaware
Valley include: automobile related 37,500; port 7,500; public transit
companies 10,000; Philadelphia International Airport 25,000.  In total
these jobs add $3 billion a year to our economy.

C.  Ideal Location

We are located in the middle of the busy Northeast Corridor, "Nearly 65%
of U.S.  consumers and 25% of Canadian consumers live within two day's
overland travel from Philadelphia.  In addition, it is estimated that
13% of America's total buying income lies within 100 miles of the City."

D. Impact of Federal Regulations

1. The Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (ISTEA),
which authorizes all federal transportation funding through 1997;

2. The Clean Air Act Amendments of 1990, which sets the standards for
reduction of vehicle-generated air pollution;

3. The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1991, which requires that all
areas and vehicles open to the public be made accessible to the
disabled.

II. THE CHALLENGE

Over the past 12 years federal capital funding and operating subsidies
for transit projects in southeastern Pennsylvania have decreased by 75%.
 Furthermore, total government spending on transportation is lower in
the Delaware Valley than in comparable regions in the rest of the
country.  The consequence is:

1. "Hundreds of miles of rail track in the Delaware Valley are unused or
underused

2. Philadelphia is the sixth largest metropolitan area in the country,
but its airport has slipped to 23rd in terms of passenger volume, and

3. Vehicular traffic in Philadelphia is delayed by more traffic signals
per capita than in other major American cities."

III. POLICY RECOMMENDATIONS

Following are the policy recommendations for the five groups of primary
transportation system users:

A. CITY RESIDENTS AND BUSINESSES

1. Maintain and improve existing transit services

2. Expand transit services to capture untapped markets

3. Reduce unnecessary auto congestion in the City

4. Improve pedestrian saftey and appeal

5. Promote bicycling

6. Reduce vehicle emissions

B. VISITORS AND RECREATIONAL USERS

1. Improve visitor connections to Downtown

2. Make transportation in the City easy to use

3. Enhance transportation in and around recreational and entertainment
areas

C. REGIONAL COMMUTERS AND RESIDENTS

1. Make regional development conducive to efficient transportation

2. Promote transit usage

3. Expand transit services

4. Relieve highway congestion and improve safety

D. INTERCITY PASSENGERS

1. Improve capacity and service for air passengers

2. Increase traffic and transfers at 30th Street Station

3. Improve intercity bus servie and access

E. FREIGHT SHIPPERS

1. Increase capacity of regional linkages to national freight
transportation networks

2. Increase efficiency of intermodal linkages

3. Expand capacity and technology of Port and Airport facilities

4. Improve freight access to industrial sites

IV. AN AGENDA FOR NATIONAL LEADERSHIP

The Mayor and City Council's Transportation Committee seek to establish
Philadelphia and southeastern Pennsylvania among the nation's leaders in
the area of transportation management, thus making it easier to obtain
funds for Federal-level transportation infrastructure investment and
economic development programs.



A NEW VISION FOR REGIONAL TRANSPORTATION

The stated second purpose of the media event was to announce the
formation of the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Coalition to
form a regionwide group to lobby for state and federal funds. Their
first meeting was after lunch following this presentation.

The new committee will seek to find funding for and implement the
following projects:

A. PEDESTRIANS, SHOPPERS, TOURISTS

1. The Avenue of the Arts will attract pedestrians, visitors and
regional residents

2. A clean fuel shuttle will provide a low-cost way to get around Center
City Philadelphia (Mayor Rendell has ordered 20 natural gas buses, 5
will be in service this summer, Fernandez choose the colors turquoise
and purple!)

3. Riverwalks will extend along the banks of the Delaware and Schuylkill
rivers

4. Outdoor cafes will dot a renovated Chestnut Walk

5. Historic East Market Street will be restored and will become a grand
promenade leading to the waterfront,

6. With low rates for short-term, off-street parking, congestion on many
Center City streets will be virtually eliminated

7. Bike lanes and recreational paths will run throughout the City.
Bicycle rental/storage facilities will make biking a cheap and fun way
to get around,

8. Businsess people will fly in and out of Center City Philadelphia
aboard vertical takeoff-or-landing aircraft

B. AIR TRAVEL

1. With a new runway, two new terminals and a new on-site hotel,
Philadelphia International Airport would serve 20 million more
passengers each year than it does today,

2. Visitors to the new Pennsylvania Convention Center will move directly
from the terminal gate to the Airport Rail Line, and arriving
passenger's luggage will be routed directly to their hotel.

C. RAIL TRANSPORTATION

1. New high-speed trains along the Northeast corridor will make
Philadelphia an easily accessiable destination,

2. Passengers leaving trains at beautiful 30th Street Station will have
several options for reaching Center City Philadelphia, including a
pleasant walk over a newly-landscaped Schuylkill River, or buses that
stop at the station entrances.

3. Mini-buses will link trains to nearby communities. The result:
suburban residents will have better access to the City for work,
shopping, or pla y; City workers will have easier access to suburban
jobs, and

4. Public transit stops will feature shops and ample car and bicycle
parking."

D. HIGHWAY IMPROVEMENTS

1. I-95 will be transformed into a model 21st Century transportation
corridor,

2. There will be a transit line running parallel to the highway,

3. Designated lanes for buses, and park and ride activity centers will
be situated along the route, and

4. Gridlock will be reduced through new technology.

E. FREIGHT IMPROVEMENTS

1. Philadelphia will be the leading freight distribution center on the
East Coast with the capacity to handle high and wide cargo from ships,
trains, and trucks.

"While the propsed agenda is designed to be implemented over a 10-year
period, it is the Committee's recommendation that regional leaders make
an immediate commitment to transportation issues. The goal is the
development of a coherent transportation policy, more effective
commmumnication within the region and concerted action to realize
regional transportation goals."

ECONOMIC IMPACT

"The economic impact on the region can be significant. It is estimated
that regional equipment and infrastructure improvements outlined in the
21st Century agenda would represent a minimum of $6 billion in
transportation funding over the 10-year period and produce over 138,000
jobs throughout the five-county area."

##H  Up Close and Personal: A Life on the R8

by Betsey Clark

Throughout the years, especially before SEPTA took over the running of
the regional commuter trains, the Paoli Local on the Pennsylvania
Railroad (later Penn Central) was regarded as a particularly colorful
and interesting line.

Please allow me to give you more of a feel for the R8 Chestnut Hill West
train.  It would, in my opinion, give the old Paoli Local a  real run
for its money in terms of variety and flavor. Much of the old feel is
still present for me today, even  in the SEPTA era.

I have been riding the Chestnut Hill West line since I was a baby.  Back
then, it was a part of the Pennsylvania Railroad system and was serviced
by the old Tuscan Red cars (does this date me?)    Our family would come
in from the suburbs where we lived to visit the grandparents who lived
in Germantown.  We would catch a bus from Fort Washington and then
transfer to the Chestnut Hill Local for the final leg of our trip.

Later on, when we moved to Germantown, and I was in high school, I can
remember catching the Chestnut Hill Local to ride to Sunday afternoon
functions in Center City.  For awhile during this time I needed to go
out to Lansdowne in Delaware County after school on a frequent basis.  I
would transfer  from the Media Local in order to get back home from
Lansdowne.  After I graduated from high school,  I rode  to Center City
on a daily basis, first to attend business school, then to go to work.
By this time the Pioneer III Silverliner cars were being used on our
line.   I also  saw it become part of the Penn Central System during
this era.

For awhile I lived in Center City, then in West Philadelphia.  Not only
did my train trips become infrequent, but I realized how much I missed
the trees and grass of the Northwestern part of our city.  After I
seized the opportunity to move back to this beloved (by me) area, I
lived in several apartment buildings, every one of them near stations
all up and down the Chestnut Hill Line.  Once again I commuted on it in
order to get to work in town.

As I have ridden the R8 all these years I have experienced many things.
Just this past November, I treated myself to a ride on the R8 when it
featured the Santa Special.  The train was festively decorated, and all
the kids, adult and otherwise, were living it up with their kazoos
blasting out Christmas songs in anticipation of the coming holiday.  On
a more ordinary note,  I still see some of the same people I saw 20 or
more years ago still riding our community train to work every day; some
of them I know well enough to say hello to.   It was on this train that
I rediscovered a friendship with a woman who used to work in the same
office as I did.  She, in turn, introduced me to another woman she met
at her station and had befriended.  Now, all three of us know each other
quite well.  Not only that, I sometimes bump into another woman I met at
a social group many years ago.  We also renewed our friendship because
of the R8.  And last but not least, my father and I commute home
together in the evenings after a hard slog at our respective offices.

Riding the R8 has often made me feel very close to nature.  In the
stillness of an early morning in the summer, as I set out for work, I
sometimes hear the lovely, haunting melody of a wood thrush coming from
the forest on the inbound side of the line.  Or, I might see or hear a
woodpecker going after his breakfast on the trunk of a tree.  When I
disembark at my  stop in the summer evenings,  I am treated to the
spectacle of a combination vegetable and flower garden right next to the
railroad line.  I will also often smell the fragrance of newly cut grass
and experience the sight of butterflies  flitting among the flowers, and
bees going about the business of gathering honey.  In the springtime,
the same grassy area is carpeted with violets and snowdrops and
buttercups..

Lines like the R8 Chestnut Hill West, known for their diversity of
passengers and experiences, do not just come along.   It is a very
closely knit line which really binds the community  together.

##I  A Not-So-Obvious Purpose of Public Transportation

by John Pawson

Let's be honest and realistic about what makes Philadelphia and the
region function economically.  Look at all those vacant factories, even
post-1960 vacant plants, in and around the city.  Philadelphia's
remaining 'economic engine' must be Center City employment.  Jobs in
primary industries in the central business district are the most
important ones, for jobs in dependent companies like banks, utilities,
and Gallery food shops depend on them.

Yet today few if any Fortune 500 companies are headquartered in Center
City.  Once there were many; there still should be a dozen or more.
Everyone agrees that the high city wage tax is the nemesis, yet nothing
is done about it.

Another factor is the mediocrity of the commuter rail system.  We regret
to note it compares unfavorably with its twelve U.S. commuter rail peer
systems in the major parameters of average train speed, on-time
performance, average trip length, average train load, and operating cost
recovery.  However, it does give decent service most of the time, if
it's not all that it could be.  It has a strong potential advantage in
having twelve widely-covering lines through outlying areas, ten of which
can be extended to additional regional markets.

Some will object to all this starkness; but the city's prosperity, not
to say the region's, depends on successfully running the central
business district as a 'profit center' for the city and region.  Center
City needs to become more attractive for corporate headquarters,
regional offices, etc. than its nearest big rival, Manhattan.

Excellent commuter rail service and a prosperous Center City are
mutually dependent.  The city and region need to make the central
business district attractive to business.  If the CBD is attractive and
easily accessible from all residential parts of the region, the commuter
service will have many more passengers (more revenue) and a higher tax
base will result (more taxes to support that service).


##J  Letters to DVARP

Our mailbox gets a steady flow of letters from DVARP members and public
officials.  While all letters are copied and distributed to the
committees, and responses prepared when needed, we don't usually publish
them in the newsletter.  In the interests of furthering discussion and
presenting alternate viewpoints, here's some excerpts from recent
letters. -CB, MDM

Jeff Karpinski complained about SEPTA fare policies: "playing 'gotcha'
with riders who are unfamiliar with the rules or who don't have access
to tokens or ticket machines."  DVARP has asked in public hearings for
elimination of these customer-hostile policies, and will keep on doing
so.

A.R. Follweiler of Florida (who visits Philadelphia annually) told us
about a ride on the Frankford El:  "...northbound over the bridge
crossing the Northeast Corridor, at full speed, as the cars and chains
bounced around uncontrolably.  I was prepared to land on the roadbed and
tracks below at the next loose railjoint.  Fortunately, we did not, and
upon arriving at Bridge St., I had determined never to ride that section
again until it had been repaired or replaced.  I was never so frightened
riding steam in Ecuador, and there we were derailed twice-but these
people knew what they were doing, had us rerailed in 5 minutes, and
never placed our safety in jeopardy.  I was appalled at the total
disregard for safety by the motorman!"

[This brings up an interesting point.  Hardened commuters read their
paper obliviously because the train gets them home every day.  But how
many passengers made one trip, had a similar experience, and never rode
SEPTA again?  SEPTA employees and regular users may know the system is
safe, but as with crime, the potential riders' perception is what
counts.  When was the last time an automobile passenger had as rough a
ride as many of SEPTA's rail lines, which could have a super smooth ride
if the track and suspension were well maintained?-CB]

Follweiler adds: "Here in Tampa, as in Philadelphia, many of the service
personnel are of the opinion that they could do their job so much
better, if only the annoying passengers didn't get in their way."

Art Munson sent us some press clips about the proposed Mt
Holly-Glassboro light rail line, which would not give a one-seat ride to
Philadelphia: "Are we getting another '69th Street terminal' at Broadway
[Camden Transportation Center], where trains, track, and crew will be
tied up while passengers wait, transfer, and decide to drive instead?"

Letters from Chris Zearfoss, of the Mayor's Office for Transportation,
and Ed Tennyson, rail transportation planner, included extensive
comments on our June cover story about the possible rapid transit line
to Northeast Philadelphia.  Both disagreed with use of the words "shot
down" to describe what happened to previous attempts to get this line
built.  Zearfoss also defended the rapid transit mode choice, and
discussed the flat fare policy on SEPTA's City Transit Division  [Their
comments deserve more space than is available here, so I hope to bring
you more in a coming DVRP-MDM]

Tennyson added a correction to the June "The Hidden Subsidies" item on
the history of railroad taxes.  The Federal ticket tax (which did not go
to a trust fund) applied only to tickets over 35c, but ultimately grew
to 15 percent, and the IRS ruled that commuter buses were exempt from
the tax.  Tennyson contends that this caused the demise of rail and
transit lines.


##K  RailReading

Getting There: The Epic Struggle Between Road and Rail in the American
Century by Stephen B. Goddard 351 pp., including bibliog., index. Basic
Books, 1994.  $28.00.

reviewed by Sandy Smith

It's a good thing Stephen Goddard never really lost interest in the
subject of his bachelor's thesis at Bates College (which was on the
untimely demise of the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad; it's
one of the 445 source documents listed in the bibilography).  While most
of us are probably familiar with some of the broad details of our
deliberate tilt of the playing field away from trains towards motor
vehicles over the course of this century, this book also places this
policy in its historical context.

Make no mistake about it, though: Goddard has a bone to pick with the
"highwaymen," a word he uses deliberately and in both senses of the
term. By providing a sort of 'Lives of the Saints' (or perhaps Lives of
the Devils would be better) story of the men who set out to pave America
in the name of breaking the stranglehold of the rapacious railroads,
Goddard adds a human element to the Grand Conspiracies many of us have
heard about.

In the process, he also explains how the railroads helped hasten their
own demise through their early unquestioning support of the Federal
roads programs and how the highwaymen fought for decades to secure a pot
of Government money that would be theirs and theirs alone.

He also shows that some people in high places did question the wisdom of
a "highways first, last, and always" policy, only to have their efforts
to curb the power of the highway lobby frustrated.  (One of these people
was President Eisenhower, who signed the Interstate Highway Act.  He was
later appalled to discover that the Federal highway officials designing
the system planned to run the highways through rather than around the
cities, but by then it was too late.  This policy, sold to urban
Congressmen as a form of "urban renewal", was the tradeoff the highway
lobby made for the votes of the urban representatives.)

There are a few minor errors of geographical detail in the book, but
they do not detract from the overall flow of the story.  And after
reading it, I feel that Goddard was not using understatement in terming
the clash between railroads and highways on the field of public policy
an "epic struggle."



##L  Amtrak to Sue RRs for Delays

America's freight railroads are enjoying great success, thanks to
deregulation and new intermodal technology.  But the truckers aren't the
only people unhappy about the increase in U.S. freight rail traffic;
Amtrak is tired of having its passenger trains delayed by freight
dispatchers.

Last month, the nation's intercity passenger railroad threatened to sue
those railroads which don't comply with the law which allowed them to
transfer money-losing passenger services to Amtrak.  That law says
Amtrak trains must take precedence over freights.  Amtrak now claims
that 45 percent of the total delays experienced by its trains were
caused by interference from freight trains.  Conrail and Burlington
Northern were cited as the worst offenders in a news conference held by
Amtrak President Tom Downs.  Downs also threatened to raise objections
to the proposed merger of the BN with Santa Fe.

The railroads are responding that Amtrak has overstated the problem, and
that Amtrak's own problems are the root cause, such as when a locomotive
breakdown which delays a train puts it right in the middle of a block of
traffic going the other way on the tracks.  The contracts between Amtrak
and its host railroads come up for renewal in 1996.-MDM

##M  Delaware Enjoys Rail Excursion

Rail-to-the-Fair '94 was a sell out with 428 passengers enjoying the
train ride to the Delaware State Fair in Harrington.  This was the third
year for the Amtrak special organized by DelDOT and Delmarva Rail
Passenger Association. The purpose of the trip is to show that modern
trains can operate in Delaware, to generate publicity about modern
trains, and to show modern passenger trains to Delaware residents south
of Wilmington.

The hope is that once residents see and try train travel, there will be
support for daily passenger train service.-CB


##N  Cherry Hill Open: Pedestrian Access Awful

Cherry Hill became NJ Transit's newest commuter rail station July 2.
The station is located between highways 38 & 70, completely surrounded
by Garden State Race Track property.  The station is functional and
modern, but pedestrian-hostile.

The station has one high level platform along the siding.  Three-sided
glass shelters are spaced along the platform at three places.  Two
shelters have a bench, the other has two ticket machines.  Two ticket
validators are located near the machines.
 Waiting passengers can also use several benches on the platform.  Two
stairs and a ramp provide access to the platform.

NJT's new station	Photo: Chuck Bode

The station is completely fenced with only one exit, about a block long
sidewalk to a parking lot.  From the parking lot barriers have been used
to form a driveway along the outer perimiter of the race track parking
area. Eventually the driveway exits at a racetrack gate near Cornell
Ave. and Marlton Pike, the far southwestern corner of the racetrack.

The roundabout driveway may be passable for autos.  For pedestrians it
is another story.  By the map, Cherry Hi ll Mall is slightly over a mile
from the station, an easy walk along Woodland Ave.  Thus prepared,
author and friend went from Philadelphia for an evening at the Mall.
From the platform, the road is just accross the NJT track-unfortunatley
two fences away.  Even shortcutting through the racetrack lot (instead
of the driveway), fifteen minutes were required just to walk to the exit
gate-going exactly the wrong direction.  Over an hour was then required
to walk around the racetrack to the mall.  By then too beat to shop, the
NJT 405 bus trip back to Philadelphia took only 45 minutes.

How can public transportation be expected to succeed when new facilities
only serve one way trips (in this case from Cherry Hill) for persons
able to afford multi-thousand dollar fares (an auto) to access the
system?  The fencelines are straight, so land is not the reason the
station is not at either highways 38 or 70-or more simply directly
beside the parking area rather than a block south.  Walking around the
racetrack, several gates were open making it hard to understand keeping
the one accross the NJT track closed-from which one could walk throught
the racetrack to near the mall.  Otherwise, at least NJT could allow for
a path within the fences for passengers to walk directly to the roads.
Meantime, passengers wanting to get to Cherry Hill are advised that the
several bus lines through the area are much easier and quicker.-CB

##O  Atlantic City Notes

NJT has announced a $3.00 surcharge for passengers purchasing tickets on
board trains, and for passengers who have validated their tickets before
boarding.  The new surcharge begins Sept. 12.  Senior citizens and
registered disabled persons are exempt, as are passengers using Atco
Station, which does not have any ticket machines.  The announcement
indicated that if both ticket machines at a station do not function the
surcharge would be waived-from SEPTA experience certain to become a
source of bitterness between passengers and crew.

*NJT will operate the final 1994 Phillies Express from Atlantic City
line stations directly to Veterans Stadium October 2.  This is the fifth
year for these specials.  Round trip train ride and admission to the
game are only $22. Reservations can be made at 609-343-7162; Visa,
Mastercard, and Discover are accepted.

Sports events create a large volume of traffic and pollution oriented to
a single location-an ideal chance for public transportation to solve
real problems.  Members are urged to support NJT's effort.-CB



##P  DVRP to Go First Class Again

DVARP has not been immune from the well-publicized delivery problems the
U.S. Postal Service has been having recently.  Persistent and extended
delivery delays often meant the DVRP reached New Jersey members more
than a month after mailing and many other members reported delays of
three weeks.

As an action organization, it is important that DVARP members receive
information in time to contact elected officials and attend various
meetings.  Thus after two years of trying third class mail as a means of
controlling expenses, the members present at the July meeting voted to
resume first class newsletter mailing effective with the September
newsletter.

The cost of postage is higher for first class, no matter how many cost
saving reductions can be found.  This will lead to a debate over DVARP's
budget in coming months.  Will a dues increase be necessary?  Should the
DVRP carry advertising to offset some of the costs?  Other alternatives
include changing the format of the newsletter so that it can be mailed
as a letter rather than at the higher rate charged for "flats."

The most effective method of controlling costs is increasing membership.
 Postage rates go down as volume increases for a given zip code. Have
you shown DVRP to other passengers, environmentalists, and concerned
citizens?  Help avoid a dues increase, recruit new members!

##Q  Office Equipment Gifts Could Help

For about ten years DVARP's mailing labels have been printed on a
reliable, but now throughly outdated, CP/M computer.  Volunteers are
trying to locate a more modern DOS computer and printer which would
capable of printing bar coded labels which could reduce postage costs.

Many of our members have computers and computer skills. We have Foxpro
2.6 and have completed a test  transfer of data from the CP/M PC to a
DOS PC.  Is there a older computer that you are no longer using that
DVARP could have to modernize operations?  Do you have a few hours to
set up and configure a PC?  If you can help, please leave a message for
our volunteer coordinator at 215-222-3373 message box 4.

Another office need is a fax machine.  Before we spend hundreds of
dollars buying one, does any member have an unneeded one that could be
loaned or donated to DVARP?-CB

##R  Annual Picnic This Month!

The traditional August outing to Willow Grove for a picnic lunch and
informal meeting will be a week later than usual: August 27, from 12:45
to 3:45 at the home of DVARP member Ralph Page.  A grill will be
available, please bring your own entree and something else to share with
the rest of the group.

A carpool will meet SEPTA's R2 Warminster train at Roslyn station to
take members to the picnic and back.



##S  Dates of Interest

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Aug. 13, CANCELLED.

SEPTA Hearing on Route 96 Revision:  Tue., Aug 16, 2:00 pm in Telford.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Aug. 17, 7:30 to 9:30 am and
3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St. Terminal, 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown
Transportation Center.

SEPTA Hearings on Proposed Service Standards:  Mon., Aug. 22, 7:00-9:00
pm at George Washington H.S., 11000 Bustleton Ave.; Tues., Aug. 23,
1:00-3:00 at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St.; Wed.,

Aug. 24, 7:00-9:00 pm at Northeast Regional Library, Cottman Ave &
Oakland St.; and Thu., Aug 25, 7:00-9:00 pm at 46th St. Baptist Church,
46th St. & Woodland Ave.

Deadline for September newsletter material:  Tues., Aug. 23, to Matthew
Mitchell or in DVARP mailbox.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Aug. 25, CANCELLED.

DVARP Annual Picnic and Meeting: Sat., Aug. 27, 12:45 to 3:45 at 3140
Woodland Ave. Willow Grove.

SEPTA Hearings on West Philadelphia Bus Route Revisions: Mon. Aug. 29,
1:30 at Germantown VA, Wissahickon Ave. & Manheim St., and 6:00 pm at
West Philadelphia YMCA, 5120 Walnut St; Tue.,

Aug. 30, 6:30 pm, at Penn Tower Hotel, Civic Center Blvd at 34th St.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Sept. 1, 6:30 pm, at
Stationmaster's Office, Amtrak Wilmington Station.  Call Ken Berg,
410-648-5961, for more information.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Sept. 17, 1:00 to 4:00 at Temple University
Center City, 1616 Walnut St.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to
confirm time & place. Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your
event to this calendar.

##T  Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

A Good Deal

Both commuter railroads in the Washington area have made deals with
Amtrak to increase the flexibility of their services.  MARC responded to
complaints about its new schedule by arranging for two early-evening
Amtrak trains to accept MARC passes for BaltimoreWashington travel.
MARC already allows commuters to use Amtrak trains on the Penn Line
later at night.  Virginia Railway Express now lets its Fredricksburg
riders use mid-day Amtrak trains. Amtrak operates both those lines under
contract to the commuter agencies.

Maine Setback

Amtrak will not meet its Fall 1994 goal for restoring passenger train
service to Maine and the New Hampshire seacoast.  Track repairs and
signal upgrading for passenger trains are more complex jobs than
originlly thought.

Give Them What They Want

New schedules on Metro-North provide additional evening service for
hard-working New Yorkers.  The boost is in response to a customer
survey.

Subway Settlement

A new labor agreement has been reached between the New York MTA and the
unionized workers who operate and maintain NYCTA subways.  Full details
were not available at press time, but an independent expert is to settle
the question of whether one-person operat ion of trains is safe.  The TA
would like to try it on the Franklin Ave. shuttle.

Progress on NJ Connection

Contractors have resumed work on the Kearny Connection, the junction
which will allow Morris and Essex commuters to enjoy a one-seat ride to
Manhattan.  Construction had been halted when toxic waste was found on
the site.


##U  DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory
   DVARP main number (voice mail line)   215-222-3373
9  Chuck Bode, President                 215-222-3373 
1  Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation       215-552-4198
      <73243.1224@compuserve.com> 
6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration  215-222-3373 
5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations   215-386-2644 
3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor   215-885-7448
      <mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov> 
4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator   215-222-3373 
8  Mark Sanders, Treasurer               215-222-3373 
2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.        215-659-7736
       (6 to 9 pm please) 
3  Transit Committee                     215-222-3373 
7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committee     609-869-0020
   Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator       215-232-6303

Media Hotline (digital beeper)           215-552-4198 
Computer e-mail (internet)   73243.1224@compuserve.com



##V  DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!

	Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1994!	8/94

Name		

Address	

City, State, Zip	

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00   (  ) Family:  $20.00  (  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00  (  ) Patron: $75.00  (  ) Benefactor: $100.00

(  ) Introductory-new members only: $10.00  (  ) under 21 or over 65:$7.50



##W  Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, August 27, 12:45 to 3:45
DVARP Annual Picnic and Meeting (note change of date!)
3140 Woodland Ave., Willow Grove, PA 
SEPTA R2 train departs Suburban Station 12:05, arrives Roslyn 12:41,
   or use bus routes 22 or 98.  Rides will be available from Roslyn.  
Return train leaves Roslyn 3:53.

Saturday, September 17, 1:00 to 4:00	Temple University Center City

Saturday, October 15, 1:00 to 4:00	Montgomery County Library, Norristown
**meeting time and place subject to confirmation: please check the
September DVRP!


Agenda for the August meeting:

12:45 Introductions, agenda, minutes
    Recognition of DVARP's 22nd anniversary

1:00  Annual Picnic
   Grill provided by host Ralph Page:
   please bring your own hamburgers, etc, plus a salad, dessert,
   or snack to share.

2:30 General Meeting
   Only issues requiring immediate action will be on the agenda



Committee Meetings:

All committee meetings CANCELLED for August.  Please contact Committee
Chairpeople for September meeting information


---end---
