The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger - Electronic Edition

June  1993     Vol. XI, No. 6

 

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the 

interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and 

potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, 

southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.

 

The electronic edition is provided monthly as a service to the online rail 

advocate community, and is edited and uploaded by Matthew Mitchell.   

Newsletters from January 1992 to the present are available on BITNET from 

LISTSERV@CUNYVM (by sending a message such as GET DVARP 9306 RAILNEWS) through the courtesy of Geert K. Marien, owner of The Railroad List.  

We welcome our newest electronic collaborator, Bob Wier, 

who has posted the newsletter to his FTP site at hipp.etsu.edu 

in the directory pub/railroad/dvarp and hope that 

this new access will make it more convenient for our readers and friends to 

keep up to date with public transit news in the Philadelphia region.

If you have comments, questions, or suggestions, e-mail us at the address 

below: please do not bother our archivists!

 

You are invited to join our member-supported organization: send US$10.00 

introductory membership dues (for calendar 1993) to the address below.  

Members receive the printed newsletter each month, and can attend and 

participate in our monthly meetings held at locations around the region.

 

For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:

postal:  P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA  19101

telephone (voice-mail):  215-222-3373

email: internet iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu or iekp898@tjuvm.bitnet

 

President: Chuck Bode     for other officers and committee chairs, see page 11

 

Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...

1     South Jersey rail expansion study misses the commuter rail train.

2     SEPTA Board reshaping killed in House: was it a patronage grab?

3     DVARP issues important statements on SEPTA budgets and 

     regional transportation plans.

4     RailWorks Roundup:  Revised Fern Rock connection off to a good start.

5     On the Railroad Lines:  Norristown car settlement, fare facts, 

     Linton goes to Washington.

6     SEPTA should make better use of riders' "Report Card" comments.

8     South Jersey Update:  DVARP reviews West Trenton study.

9     Latest activities of DVARP's volunteers and committees.

10-11     Dates of Interest, Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory

entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP, 

except photos (C) 1993 credited photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily 

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373

 

Burlington-Gloucester Study:

   Is Commuter Rail Even Being Considered?

by Donald Nigro

The Burlington & Gloucester Corridor Assessment was released to the public on 

May 11, 1992.  The study, which examines several routes and modes of transit, 

has completely neglected a viable and potentially crucial alternative, 

commuter rail from Mount Holly over the Delair Bridge to Suburban Station-

Center City Philadelphia.  The neglect of this alternative, a service which 

could be operated by any one of several authorities, including PATCO, is a 

serious omission.

All modes currently within the study require all New Jersey passengers bound 

for Philadelphia to be routed over the Benjamin Franklin Bridge, either by a 

one-seat ride or a transfer in Camden onto the existing Lindenwold Line.  If 

this remains unchanged, these artificial parameters have great potential to 

significantly limit the success of the resulting system.

The study expresses grave warning as to the limitations and technical 

constraints associated with a three branch PATCO system, however, it does 

suggest that a two branch system could be operated with feasibility.  The 

appeal of a PATCO branch (in contrast to light rail options) is that it would 

provide direct service to Center City Philadelphia.

The light rail transit (LRT) alternatives would attract approximately forty 

percent fewer riders than the modified PATCO alternatives, according to 

ridership forecasts produced by the study.  The lower ridership for the LRT 

alternatives is due in part to the fact that four out of every five forecasted 

light rail passengers must transfer to the existing PATCO Lindenwold Line at 

the Camden Transportation Center to complete their trip to Philadelphia.  The 

study shows that transferring passengers would spend approximately three 

minutes making the transfer between the street-level LRT and the subway-level 

PATCO trains at the Camden Transportation Center.  The study concedes that 

transfers are an inconvenience even under the best of circumstances, and do 

retard ridership.  If a one seat ride to Philadelphia were offered, not only 

would the system attract two- thirds more riders, but also PATCO statistics 

lead DVARP to believe that 87% of the city bound (Camden/Philadelphia) 

passengers would travel to Philadelphia.

At rush hour, PATCO trains already traverse the bridge at virtual headway 

capacity, roughly every three minutes and ten seconds, unlike the four minutes 

stated and used for the base calculations within the study.  This error 

creates a significant miscalculation in crush load forecasts for an expanded 

system. If the Lindenwold Line were to forfeit many of its trains over the 

bridge to make room for consists from both Glassboro and Mount Holly, the 

crush level on the Lindenwold line would increase dramatically.  The same is 

true if the Lindenwold trains were required to pick up a large number of 

transfer passengers in Camden from both branch lines, although this fact 

cannot be found within the study.  Each PATCO car seats 80 people.  There is a 

likelihood of common peak-hour crush loads of 120 people per car. Regardless 

of the mode and the branch, crush levels will be uncomfortably high over the 

Benjamin Franklin Bridge.

In part, because of Burlington County's proximity to the Delair Bridge,  

commuter rail service between Mt. Holly and central Philadelphia should be 

included in the study.  This would then present at least one alternative to 

the mode-route combinations which force the entire system's Philadelphia bound 

passengers over the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. In conjunction with commuter 

rail service from Burlington County, connecting express bus service could be 

offered at Pennsauken for the destination of Camden, possibly even going to 

the Aquarium on the weekends.

In respect of the historic character of Mount Holly, the seat of Burlington 

County, service should include a community walk on station within the center 

of town and should extend eastward with a park-and-ride station in proximity 

to Route 206. However, such a station near 206 may soon be impossible. Despite 

reports in last month's newsletter, the New Jersey DOT continues its 

recalcitrant behavior toward the legislative mandate to acquire the Conrail 

right-of-way east of Mount Holly. 

The exclusion of the commuter rail-Delair Bridge alternative from the present 

study is a very serious flaw.  The extension of the Lindenwold-Atlantic City 

commuter rail line to downtown Philadelphia with a planned station in Cherry 

Hill will have major impact on southern New Jersey and on travel to and from 

Philadelphia.  Moreover, the existence of one South Jersey commuter rail line 

operating from downtown Philadelphia will make the addition of a Mt. Holly 

branch economically attractive. 

Other cities have determined this mode (when effectively operated) to be the 

most suitable for large-mileage additions to their public transport networks.  

Therefore, in addition to standard or modified rapid transit, light rail, and 

bus-on-busway, the commuter rail mode should be seriously considered in the 

study.

 

SEPTA Board Reshuffle Blocked in House

Legislation to shift the balance of power on the SEPTA Board from suburban 

Republicans to city Democrats died in the Pennsylvania Legislature this week.  

It is reported that Rep Gordon Linton's (D-Philadelphia) opposition kept the 

bill from becoming law.

If the bill had been enacted, the four suburban counties in SEPTA would each 

have lost one of their two seats on the Board while Philadelphia would have 

gained those four seats.  Legislative and gubenatorial appoint-ments were to 

remain unchanged.  The six city appointees plus the two members appointed by 

Democratic legislative leaders would form a majority of the 15-member Board.  

An additional provision of the bill would have given legislators in Harrisburg 

additional power in the SEPTA decision-making process, especially in awarding 

of contracts.

Though the bill's backers have cited the widespread sentiment that 

Philadelphia ought to have greater Board representation as their 

justification, others called it a patronage grab by the power-hungry Fumo.  

While SEPTA is not a place for political hacks to find employment, political 

sponsors of SEPTA Board members have been fighting over the lucrative legal 

and financing contracts referred to as "pinstripe patronage."-MDM

 

Budget update

Meanwhile the state budget passed this week only restores part of the funding 

SEPTA says it needs to balance its FY 1994 budget without more service cuts or 

a fare increase.  There is a chance that supplemental appropriations could 

fill the gap, so...

 

Do it now...

Transit Needs Your Help

Its time again to get out the pen and phone.  In Harrisburg, SEPTA needs $15 

million in additional operating assistance to balance the budget without 

raising fares or cutting service.  DVARP members in Pennsylvania are urged to 

write or phone their state representative, state senator, and Governor Casey.

In Washington, President Clinton's efforts to increase funding for public 

transportation are running into difficulty.  In addition, trucking compaines 

are again pressuring the Federal government to overrule state truck size and 

weight laws-this time using the excuse that Canada and Mexico have bigger 

trucks than the US.  The real effect will be to increase the hidden taxpayer 

subsidy to the truckers, as bigger trucks mean more damage to roads.

All DVARP members are urged to write or phone their Representatives and 

Senators to support funding for Amtrak and public transit and to oppose 

increased truck sizes.

Don't let the well-paid highway and truck lobbyists win.  Write and phone 

now!-CB

 

Correction

Last month's DVRP incorrectly reported the cost of Temple University Station 

as $37 million.  SEPTA has subsequently informed us that that figure [which 

had been published in the Temple alumni news] refers to an entire construction 

contract which also includes replacement of six bridges.  SEPTA says that the 

correct cost of the Temple station is $7 million.

DVARP regrets the error, and thanks SEPTA for supplying the correct 

information.  More details next month.-TB

 

DVARP Main Player at SEPTA Budget Hearings

by Matthew Mitchell and Chuck Bode

DVARP volunteers wrote and delivered three major reports for important public 

hearings last month.  DVARP was the only significant representative of the 

riding and taxpaying public to participate in the hearings on SEPTA's proposed 

Fiscal 1994 Operating and Capital Budgets.  Meanwhile, the Delaware Valley 

Regional Planning Commission considered DVARP's position that expanding rail 

service would help the region meet Federal air quality standards, while 

expanding highways would lead only to increased automobile traffic and 

increased pollution.

DVARP backs SEPTA strategy

SEPTA's proposed Operating Budget for the coming years continued several 

welcome measures taken this year in response to fiscal realities.  Because of 

this, and the fact that SEPTA recognized that it could cut service no further 

without awful consequences, DVARP supported the financial strategy articulated 

by Lou Gambaccini in his introduction to the budget.  Gambaccini is counting 

on increased support at the Federal and state  levels to close the gap between 

revenues and expenses.

Another welcome improvement was seen in SEPTA's budget documentation.  While 

information was released to the public rather late, it was more complete than 

ever before.  A new section of the budget summarized every change in 

departmental staffing, allowing outsiders to see at a glance how management 

cut the number of personnel.  

Supplemental material released for the first time by SEPTA gave a far more 

detailed view of the budget, especially its personnel expen-ditures, providing 

a glimpse not only of how SEPTA spends its hundreds of millions of dollars in 

personnel costs but also how individual departments and operating districts 

are organized.  DVARP committees are already poring over the three-inch-thick 

document.

Limited Change in Capital Budget

While the Capital Budget had a new timeframe (to correspond with the state 

fiscal year rather than the Federal) little else was different.  DVARP had 

hoped that the new schedule would lead to new coordination of capital and 

operating planning processes.

At the single hearing on the budget and plan, DVARP took a project-by-project 

approach rather than passing judgement on the budget as a whole.  DVARP sought 

to trim the scale of many projects, so that important expansion of our 

commuter rail and mass transit network can proceed even while essential 

infrastructure repairs are made.  Also, DVARP again asked that certain 

projects with immediate payoffs be advanced quickly, to ease the present 

operating budget squeeze.

SEPTA's projects for FY1994 include new cars and ongoing repairs to the 

Market-Frankford infrastructure, development of specifications for new LRVs 

and engineering for improvements to Routes 15, 23, and 56. 

Smaller projects include the 30th Street Station upper level, the Cross County 

Metro study, final engineering of a consolidated control center, new buses, 

and advancement of the new Frankford Terminal project. 

Future years include reconstruction of the Market Street el, reopening of the 

Newtown line, and the usual list of improvements and expansions that there 

hasn't been enough funding for in past years.

 

DVRPC Considers Region-wide Issues

Meanwhile, the Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission considered a 

region-wide transportation improvement plan (TIP).  The FY94-99 draft TIP 

includes over 700 projects, mostly highway projects.   

Federal ISTEA legislation mandates that met-ropolitan planning organizations 

like DVRPC sign off on all projects to receive Federal transportation funds.  

The idea is to ensure that each project furthers worthy goals like im-proving 

air quality or contributing to economic development.  This has required DVARP 

to participate in the TIP public comment process.  

While an immense amount of work, it is a significant opportunity because funds 

can now be switched between transit and highway projects.  Unless transit's 

supporters are effective, SEPTA and NJT's funding could turn instead into more 

miles of asphalt.

DVARP divided its work into New Jersey and Pennsylvania portions.  For NJ, 

which has little public transportation, the main effort was directed to 

deficiencies in the Burlington-Gloucester study and to the need for right-of-

way acquisition.  In PA, which is about to be paved over while SEPTA falls 

apart, the main effort was directed toward shifting funds from highway to 

public transportation projects.

Copies of all three statements are available from DVARP: please call 215-222-

3373

for postage and handling costs.

 

RailWorks(R) Roundup

RailWorks(R) is a registered trademark of SEPTA.

 

Shutdown Underway:  Alternatives Generally OK

This year's shutdown of service on six commuter rail lines for the RailWorks 

mega-project got off to a much better start than last year's shutdown.  Both 

operating personnel and passengers knew the drill, while railroad and transit 

management had a full year to solve bugs in the alternative service.

 

SEPTA Has Problems With PM Diesels

SEPTA filled the first month of RailWorks R3 and R5 detour service with 

frequent afternoon delays and even train annullments.  Morning trains ran 

well, on balance.

Passengers using the service are quite grateful for it; they find their blood 

pressure quite a bit lower than it would be if they had to use the subway. 

 

Subway Service On the Edge

Good luck blessed the Broad Street Subway in May, as commuter rail refugees 

swelled passenger loads on a service which collapsed at times last year.   The 

new loop track (see May DVRP) has been an improvement, but not a panacea.  

April's teething problems magically disappeared in May, when everyone was 

counting on the new operating scheme.

The bottleneck at the Fern Rock platform entrance and the reversing of trains 

at Fern Rock have been traded for a single-track bottleneck on the loop itself 

and slower normal running times.  Still, there were few occasions where a 

problem at Fern Rock brought down the rest of the subway.

As important as the reliability increase this year is the increase in train 

capacity at Fern Rock.  With the ability to pass about three or four more 

trains through in the peak hour, Ridge Avenue Spur service was reinstated, 

which has been a huge break for former Market East riders.  Those passengers 

can now enjoy a one-seat ride from Fern Rock to 8th and Market.  

 

Ridership Down as Expected

This year, nobody was suprised by the magnitude of ridership loss on the 

RailWorks lines.  While official figures are not yet available, DVARP counts 

of peak hour passengers transferring at Fern Rock and of cars parked at key 

commuter rail stations verify the prediction of a slight decrease in 

patronage.

 

Confusion on Subway Platform

One thing that hasn't improved in the Fern Rock transfer is the poor passenger 

commun-ications on the subway platform.  PA announ-cements, illuminated "next 

train" signs, and on-train indicators are often in conflict with each other, 

causing frustrated passengers to dash from train to train seeking the one to 

their dest-ination.  The problem is especially bad at the end of the rush hour 

and in the evening, as trains are taken out of service and to the yard.

The starters and other crew at Fern Rock can and should be fixing this.  Most 

importantly, make sure that the "next train" light really corresponds to the 

next train.  Operators should set the signs on the trains to the proper 

destinations before they leave the cab for their break.  When trains are to be 

taken to the yard, turn off the lights after the passengers leave.

 

Don't Cut it too Close!

A recent SEPTA flyer urged passengers, especially those travelling from 8th 

Street, to allow lots of time to make subway-commuter train connections.  The 

connections printed in RRD timetables allow a "cushion" which will keep 

passengers from missing their trains if a minor delay ocurrs.  Apparently, 

some passen-gers have gotten tired of the slow pace of local trains, and try 

to leap-frog them on an express.

It's your choice: an easy but slower ride or taking a chance on a closer 

connection.  If you want to risk it during the peak, you can take the next 

later Ridge train (they run every 9 min.) and change to an express at Girard.  

But don't complain to SEPTA or us if you miss your train!

 

Loop Track Kudos

We promised to give appropriate credit to the people who turned the new loop 

track at Fern Rock from a good idea into reality.  Subway-Elevated AGM Judith 

Pierce tells us that Deputy GM Howard Roberts conceived of the idea and 

provided important support.  Pierce wants the accolades spread to all 219 

people who worked on the project; while we don't have room to list all their 

names (Pierce's list was six pages long) our "attaway" goes to all of them.

 

Women Make Construction Gains

RailWorks and Lou Gambaccini received the first "Rosie the Riveter" award for 

expanding construction job opportunities for women from the Tradeswomen of 

Philadelphia/Women in Non-Traditional Work, Inc. 

 

On the RailRoad Lines...

Fare Facts

SEPTA's revised penalty fare and extension fae policies went into effect this 

week.  Previously, problems had arisen because passengers and train crews did 

not know how to poperly calculate some special fares.  

The worst problems  have been on the R7 Trenton Line, with its concentration 

of occasional riders.  Let us set you straight on a few of the most common 

misunderstandings.

*Though City TransPass holders ride RRD trains for free off-peak within city 

limits, that fare cannot be extended like an ordinary ticket.  You must buy a 

separate $3.50 Trenton-Torresdale ticket in advance from the agent downtown or 

the machine at Trenton.  Paying on board, you get a $1.00 disount from the 

zone 6 peak-hour fare, a net of $4.50.

*The all-zones off-peak privilege for riders with a zone 3 TrailPass does not 

apply to out-of-state points including Trenton.  The normal extension fare 

(e.g. $2.50 for zone 3 to Trenton) applies at all times.

SEPTA crews have had a history of misinterpreting fares.  If you think you're 

being overcharged, pay the fare requested, and retain your receipt.  Send it 

and a letter of explanation to the address printed on the back. The Revenue 

Department is relatively good about honoring refund requests, but send a copy 

of your complaint to DVARP too, in case we have to follow up for you.

Fare Change Highlights

A new $2.00 penalty is in effect for passengers who fail to inform the 

conductor when they are riding beyond the zone of their ticket or pass.  DVARP 

doesn't want anyone to have to pay this penalty, so if you are at all unsure, 

tell the conductor your destination as soon as he or she comes to your seat.

Remember too that Trenton is now a zone 6 station.  Peak hour zone 5 tickets 

went up to $5.00, as did the DayPass, which is still a good deal for trips to 

the Airport.  See the SEPTA flyer for full details.-MDM

 

100:  N5 Car Deal Settled

 SEPTA and ABB Traction Inc. have settled their dispute over ABB's failure to 

meet the terms of the contract for new Norristown cars.  Delivery of the 

remaining 25 cars is expected to start this summer.

ABB will pay SEPTA over $11 million in cash and spare parts: $3 million as 

compensation for late delivery of the cars (DVARP estimates that STD has spent 

at least a million dollars a year keeping the Chicago trains running)  and $8 

million for the cars being over the specified weight.  (The added weight will 

cause increased power consumption and increased track maintenance costs over 

the life of the cars.)-MDM

 

Wise Employers Switch Rather than Fight

While many of their suburban peers whine about pending state regulations aimed 

at reducing work-related auto traffic, three pharmaceutical companies in 

Collegeville (Montgomery Co.) are taking their first steps towards managing 

travel demand.  Rhone-Poulenc Rorer, SmithKline Beecham, and Sterling Winthrop 

have banded together to sponsor new SEPTA service to their plants.  DVARP 

applauds their foresightedness & environmental conciousness.  It's a smart 

business decision, too!

Route 125a now offers rush-hour service to the three companies from King of 

Prussia, with connecting service from Center City Philadelphia.  Call SEPTA 

for details.

 

CTD

Bus Changes in Effect

After at least two false starts, SEPTA finally implemented its spring-summer 

surface transit schedule May 16-17.  The holdup was caused by management's 

realization that there was no more room for service cuts without running the 

risk that ridership losses would offset any cost savings.

Commuter rail users should take note that SEPTA has restored a 50c fare to the 

Route 76 bus, which has been rerouted again.  The 76 conveniently connects 

Market East and Subur-ban Stations with the Historic District, the Art Museum, 

and the Zoo.  Use it!

Red Arrow passengers can now enjoy a one-seat ride from 69th Street to the 

Airport on the extended Route 108.

 

Clinton Taps Linton for FTA

President Clinton has nominated Pennsylvania State Legislator Gordon J. Linton 

(D-Mt. Airy) as his choice to head the Federal Transit Administration.  Upon 

confirmation, he will be the second consecutive FTA Administrator to have 

previously been a SEPTA Board member; George Bush's last appointee was Brian 

Clymer from Chester County.

Linton's nomination should be welcomed by transit advocates, as his interest 

in mass transit issues is genuine and he will have seen transit from both 

management and legislative perspectives.  He understands the capital needs of 

agencies like SEPTA, and the importance of transportation to economic 

development.

 

What SEPTA Railroad Commuters Think of Their Train Service 

     byJohn Pawson 

Late last July, SEPTA distributed four types of questionnaires separately to 

Railroad Division, subway-elevated, surface transit, and suburban transit 

passengers. Readers may recall these cards which asked for origins and 

destinations and for ratings of 19 broad categories such as "convenience of 

service", "smoothness of operation", and "vehicle security". Passengers were 

also given write-in space for specific comments.

SEPTA released the 296 page 1992 Rider Report Card-Regional Rail to DVARP 

about two months ago. It wasn't the results of the "A-to-F" ratings that was 

of greatest interest; but the variety, number, and at times, eloquence, of 

individual negative written comments. Although an optimist may say "look at 

the bright side", it is true that only criticism and attendant analysis can 

effect improvement. Therefore, the writer compiled a list of specific 

complaints, often by line or station, and in a second reading, tallied them.

The ten most prevalent faults and their interpretation follow. Most 

frequently, passengers just reported the problems; but in some cases, they 

offered solutions instead. In these cases, one must ask: "What is the problem; 

is there another solution?". Finally, there is the phenomenon of related 

problems, such as reports of insufficient seats on trains and reports of late 

trains.

1. Too few seats on train (95 complaints). Passengers implicitly reaffirm 

their demand for a seat under normal travel conditions. Although RRD 

management seems to recognize this principle, there exist two factors which 

would tend to downgrade it. An updating of the Elected Officials' study 

suggests that each Silverliner taken from the active car fleet would save 

about $300,000 annually.

Some non-RRD staffers and consultants have opposed a seats-for-all policy. 

They say that some European counterparts of RRD get away with not giving all 

passengers a seat; so why not here? The answer to this contention is that 

among U.S. commuter railroads, planned or unplanned car shortages have 

resulted in ridership declines to match the new number of  seats provided.

Aside from short train consists, the most common reason for standees appears 

to be the delays which cause the train to gather some of the passengers who 

have arrived at stations  intending to take the following train. Regardless of 

reason, the next most common complaint is...

2. Trains often not run on time (93). One passenger even took the position "if 

the trains  ran on time, nothing else would matter". On-time performance is 

another part of the implicit  operator-passenger contract. Some R2 Pennsy 

passengers report having to get up a half-hour  earlier to catch the previous 

run. Inner-station commuters (at Darby and Overbrook) report non-stopping of 

scheduled-to-stop trains, which is a reaction to lateness which has been taken 

over from the transit divisions but is unsuitable because of the railroad's 

frequency of service.

Where Amtrak owns and controls the lines, 28 passengers blamed that carrier. 

An R2P customer reported frequent 15-minute delays north of Darby.  Other 

reported problem areas include the Paoli line in both directions, the Chestnut 

Hill West line between 30th St. and Queen Lane, and approaching Trenton. 

Commuters on the trains which terminate at Suburban Station report delays 

reaching that station, a SEPTA problem.

Passengers who complained of slowness (23) may be referring to late-running 

trains as well as to track conditions.

The pre-RailWorks through routing of trains may be a cause of delays. Eleven 

Pennsy-side passengers volunteered that their service improved during 

RailWorks while only four found it worse.

 3. Fares too high for the quality of service rendered (85). This is the 

observation which  links all criticisms. Most succinct was one cosmopolitan 

passenger: "I was living in Chicago...my Metra train station was...30 miles [out]. 

The rush-hour express train took 41 minutes; the local was 52. My ten-ride 

ticket cost $31.45 and you could set your watch... 98% of the time. Now, on 

SEPTA, I go approx. 22 miles on a 53-minute 'express' train for $40 per 10-

ride...I'm spending just as much time on the train (more, about 40% of the time 

when...late), and paying 30% more to go 2/3s the distance...You're providing CTA 

type [Chicago Transit Authority] service which only cost $1.75 for any 

distance, but charging more than Metra" (p.22).

This was one of four passengers who compared RRD unfavorably with the distant 

Metra. Interestingly, the only other rail services with which RRD was compared 

were rail rapid transit, all unfavorably. No one compared RRD with any New 

York-area rail service despite the familiarity which many RRD passengers must 

have with them. We ought to find out how and why Metra works so well.

4. Center-city stations unclean (84). Respondents were often quick with a 

major reason: "Suburban Station underground is a pig pen. The homeless relieve 

themselves and the smell is horrible. It should be disinfected and the 

homeless put out...if you wish to be magnanimous, put them into a shelter".

5. Criticism of RailWorks train service on the Reading side (at least 78, and 

often severe) was offset by only 11 persons who were fully supportive of that 

service.

6. Insufficient parking at outlying stations (72). This widespread complaint 

comprised 26 stations, or about one-sixth of all stations. The pay-lots at 

Paoli and Strafford were said to fill by 7 am. "The waiting lists for Devon, 

Strafford, and Wayne [permit spaces] are unbelievable, at least a years wait".

7. Outlying stations in disrepair (62), another widespread phenomenon. 

Downingtown and Strafford received the most criticism, the former viewed as 

mere bus shelters replacing a large fire-gutted building, and the latter as a 

failure to maintain a useful, architecturally treasured, and historic 

structure. Three persons protested the demolition of Somerton station, even 

though it was definitely no treasure. The degree to which the commuters view 

their stations almost as a part of themselves seems not to be very well 

understood by management.

8. Intrusive persons in the station area (56). Largely a problem at Suburban, 

(41), but also found at Market East (4) and (1 each) at 30th Street, 

Downingtown, Tacony, and Carpenter.

9. Need more or longer-run expresses (54). Surprisingly, this proffered 

solution was wanted most on the R5P route which already operates the lion's 

share of RRD express service. This desire seems related to the opinion of 23 

persons that train service is too slow.

10. Train crews make inadequate or no station stop announcements (51). A 

related complaint of 14 persons is that station signs of outlying stations are 

poorly lighted. Overriding is a fear of many commuters; and this, too, seems 

to be a little-recognized problem.

"Suburban Station is the pits". It is by far the most common site of 

complaints. It's disparaged 66 times for being unclean, 44 times for being too 

hot in the summer, 29 for its darkness in certain platform areas and outlying 

parts of its mezzanine, 14 times for being habituated by smokers, seven times 

for condition of stairs, and six times for slipperiness and destructive water 

conditions. There appears to be no escalator available near the station 

between mezzanine and street levels. Penn Center station badly needs a compre-

hensive modernization because for RRD, it is, as one commuter said, "your 

heart".

Many wanted service extended: to Wawa or West Chester, 22; to Pottstown and 

Newark (Delaware), four each; and one each to the Quakertown area and 

Jenkintown-Newark. On existing routes, 25 called for more service beyond 

Paoli; 11, beyond Marcus Hook; and two, Lansdale to Doylestown.

Fortunately, 27 respondents perceived an overall improvement of conditions and 

service during the past few years.  No one found them worse. That accords well 

with the new SEPTA mission statement, "Safety... service... continuous 

improvement".

However, the philosophy, purpose, content, and title of the Report Card should 

be changed. With all the work which the project requires, it should go far 

beyond the provision of statistics comparing vague categories with previous 

years, presumably in order to mollify politicians who inquire on behalf of 

complaining constituents. It should be a major part of the effort to improve 

the system.

The writer was impressed by the level of perception of many passengers of RRD 

and other divisions. A higher level of intelligence must be presumed of 

respondents than is now the case. Indeed, some people seemed to indicate that 

they felt that they were not being taken seriously.

Specific comments should be sought, for volunteered statements can be spotty 

and misleading. The categories should be modified according to the places of 

ultimate responsibility within SEPTA from the Board down: policy, service, 

station facilities, other infrastructure, security, employees and their dis-

cipline, and rolling stock. In our evolved fault list, we have recognized 

about 60 significant sub-categories within the seven categories. Those 

surveyed should be cautioned to describe problems rather than to suggest 

solutions. Then the survey can produce the continuous improvement which all of 

us seek.

Readers may obtain a copy of "Functional Organization of RRD Faults" for a 

stamped, self-addressed envelope.   Members who wish to borrow any of the four 

1992 Rider Report Cards are invited to do so.

 

West Trenton Study Misses Many Benefits     by John Dawson

NJ TRANSIT's Planning Department has been looking at the feasibility of 

restoring passenger service between West Trenton and Newark via Bound Brook, 

and in March released a draft Technical Report.  The report is quite negative, 

concluding that the service would be expensive to operate, would mainly shift 

existing riders from the Northeast Corridor (NEC) and Raritan Valley lines, 

would attract few new riders to the system, and would provide little 

congestion relief and few air quality benefits. But the study appears 

deficient in several regards.

First, the study gives short shrift to the market coming from Pennsylvania, 

and does not look at what happened to ridership when through SEPTA trains 

(Reading Terminal-Newark) were replaced in August 1981 with separate SEPTA and 

NJT services connecting at West Trenton.  The two weekday through trips 

operated by Conrail for SEPTA, with support from New Jersey, were carrying 

about 350 daily round trips.  A survey taken in the fall of 1979 indicated 

that the majority of riders lived in either Montgomery or Bucks County, and 

that Jenkintown alone boarded 39 percent of the total ridership.  When the 

through service was severed and downgraded to a single weekday round trip on 

the New Jersey portion, daily ridership fell to about 60 round trips.  To tap 

the full potential, through trains from Philadelphia to Newark are needed.

Second, capital costs are probably overestimated, as no allowance has been 

made for a jointly operated through service that could draw on equipment pools 

from both SEPTA and NJT.  This could improve equipment utilization by reducing 

or eliminating layovers at West Trenton.  In addition, shifting riders from 

the NEC could free one or two train sets now used to support the Diesel 

Express service on the NEC, but the study fails to count the savings.

Third, the study does not appear to consider clean air and congestion relief 

benefits obtained by improving rail access for existing riders.  Shortening 

the access distance to the station reduces vehicle-miles traveled with 

corresponding air quality benefits, and keeping cars off city streets in 

Trenton and off US 1 near Princeton relieves congestion at critical points.

Fourth, another flaw in limiting consideration of benefits to new riders is 

that it fails to consider the erosion of existing ridership if no improvements 

are made.  Preventing a current rider from shifting to the automobile is just 

as important as attracting new riders.

Finally, the unit subsidy is calculated on the basis of cost per new rider, 

but is then compared with the average cost per rider of other lines.  Under 

this approach, there is no way a favorable result could have been obtained.  

While analysis of marginal costs and revenues can provide useful input to 

decision making, it should not be used to compare a proposed service with 

existing service.  Ironically, just last December NJ TRANSIT's Board passed a 

resolution effectively forbidding the extension of its NEC service to Bucks 

County.  In that case a marginal analysis would have favored the Bucks 

extension.

 

NJ Notes:  NJ  Transit recently received the Alan S. Boyd Silver Award for bus 

safety from APTA.  This award "recognizes the transit system with the best 

overall safety record and program."

NJT Bus Operations is now allowing passengers to get off their bus at any 

corner after 8:00 pm, not just at designated bus stops.  The change is 

intended to add to passengers security and convenience.

 

PATCO Plans Renovations

PATCO plans to rehabilitate the Camden City Hall station and all Philadelphia 

stations. Originally built for the Bridge High Speed Line and opened in 1936, 

the stations have not received a significant upgrade since that time. Minor 

work was undertaken in conjunction with the beginning of PATCO service in 

1968.

Starting in this summer, stairway railings and signage will be modified to 

conform with the Americans with Disabilities Act. Major work will begin in 

autumn. The rehabilitation will include upgraded lighting, painting, and 

installation of suspended ceiling,floor tile, and montage artwork. Many thanks 

to PATCO AGM Earl Hughes for his time and his cooperation.

 

News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, Chuck 

Bode, 

Tom Borawski, John Dawson, Larry DeYoung, Don Nigro, John Pawson, William 

Ritzler.

Thanks also to Judith Pierce and Fred Mylnarski of SEPTA.

DVARP needs passengers like you to report news from your line:  call 215-222-

3373 with news tips.

 

Committee, Meeting, and Work Reports

We have received requests for more news of DVARP itself to be included in the 

DVRP.  Previously, this has not been printed for two reasons.  First, in many 

association newsletters the reports of internal activity take up much space 

for extermely boring material.  Second, news of the actual transit providers 

and of the government agencies affecting transportation seemed much more 

important than reporting who and what happened within DVARP.

This section is an experiment this month.  How many of our members are 

interested in this type of information?  Should there be similar reports on a 

somewhat regular basis?  Let the newsletter volunteers hear your opinion.  We 

hope that this section is also an inspiration to join in DVARP's projects--as 

the cliche goes: many hands make light work.-CB

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition

The PTC met Friday April 23.  Primary activity was a proposal by the Mt. Airy 

Village Development Corporation to develop a trolley museum in part of the 

former Germantown Depot.  The Corporation has previously been involved in 

other neighborhood improvement projects such as housing.  The hope is that an 

attractive multi-use development centered around a trolley museum could be 

placed on part of the former depot to stimulate the local economy.  PTC agreed 

to support further development of the idea to determine its feasibility.

Other activity included planning for a continuation of last summer's community 

outreach effort.  Persons interested in volunteering for this project are 

encouraged to contact DVARP Volunteer Coord-inator Betsey Clark at 215-222-

3373 mailbox 4.  

Light Rail Committee

The Light Rail Committee reaffirmed DVARP support for the trackless trolley 

system at its May 1 meeting.  Preparation of business plans was also explored.  

Members interested in working on the committee should contact Chuck Bode.

Recent joint Light Rail Committee and Trolley Coalition community outreach 

efforts included Mt. Airy Day and Rediscover Germantown Day.

SEPTA Budget Task Force

Leading off a very busy month, DVARP and SEPTA staff met May 10 to review 

SEPTA's proposed operating budget and to go over the questions DVARP's 

volunteers had.  Present were Zeke Bodan, Tom Borawski, and Chuck Bode from 

DVARP, and Lisa Mancini, Hal Davidow, Harry Garforth, John Magee, and Pat 

Pixel from SEPTA.  

Reviewing the budget before the hearing enabled both DVARP and SEPTA to better 

understand each other's views.  This let DVARP make more specific and 

constructive comments in its statement.  Bodan, Borawski, and Matt Mitchell 

attended the five hearings to present the statement.  Other DVARP members 

testified on their own behalf, too.

DVARP and SEPTA met May 21 to review SEPTA's proposed capital budget.  Meeting 

were Zeke Bodan, Chuck Bode, and Mark Sanders from DVARP and Carol Lavoritano, 

James Burnfield, John Grosso, and James Llewellyn from SEPTA.   SEPTA prepared 

a status report on all the projects in the previous capital budget--each 

project was discussed in detail. 

Chuck Bode and Zeke Bodan prepared DVARP's Capital Budget statement which was 

presented by Chuck.  Another member spoke on his own behalf, thus making DVARP 

members two-thirds of the entire public testimony.

Chuck Bode, Zeke Bodan, Tom Borawski, and Mark Sanders prepared DVARP's 

statement on Pennsylvania projects for DVRPC TIP hearing (see page 3).  Chuck 

and Zeke spoke at the May 24 hearing, while Tom represented DVARP May 25.  Don 

Nigro and the South Jersey Committee developed the New Jersey segment, which 

Don gave at the May 18 meeting.  

State Transportation Commision

Chuck Bode, Zeke Bodan, and Mark Sanders prepared DVARP's written statement 

for the April 22 Pennsylvania State Transportation Hearing.  Chuck testified 

at the hearing.

DVARP Party

Several DVARP members attended DVARP first party night at the Aztec Club April 

30.  In addition to a good time, we met with a newspaper reporter to discuss 

our perspective on current SEPTA issues.

Newsletter Mailing

Trying to economize on both printing and postage costs means mailing when the 

printer finishes, usually with only one day notice.  However, this is another 

volunteer project, typically with interesting discussions.  Members interested 

in helping are welcome--leave a message on the DVARP voice mail and we will 

attempt to let you know when the next mailing will be.  Mailing is currently 

done in the West Powelton (40 and Spring Garden) area.

More opportunities for you...

Other committees meeting regularily include the Commuter Rail committee, which 

has begun its own internal newsletter to keep the active volunteers informed, 

the South Jersey Committee, working jointly with NJARP to maximize 

effectiveness of volunteer's time,  and the transit committee which is kept 

busy with SEPTA's many route changes.  See page 11 for contact persons for 

each committee.

 

Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban Station 

or Market East Station.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., June 15, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board 

Room, 714 Market St., Phila.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., June 16 and July 21, 7:30 to 9:30 am 

and 3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St., 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown 

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., June 19, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at 10 South Ave., 

Jenkintown, PA.

DVARP Social Hour:  Wed., June 23, 6:00 to 7:30 at the Aztec Club, Delaware 

Ave. north of Spring Garden.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., June 24, 3:00 at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St., 

Third Floor, Philadelphia. 

DVARP Transit Committee:  Thu., June 24, 5:15 to 6:30 at Jefferson Alumni 

Hall, 1020 Locust St., Philadelphia.

Deadline for July newsletter material:  Wed., June 30 to Matthew Mitchell or 

in DVARP mailbox.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., July  1, 6:30 pm at Wilmington 

Station.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., July 10, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 

Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., July 17, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at Temple University 

Center City. 1616 Walnut St.

CCDV Shore-Train Riders Excursion to Atlantic City:  Sun., July 18.  schedule 

and info: Bob Machler, DVARP voice mailbox #6.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., July 20, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board 

Room, 714 Market St., Phila.

DRPA Rail Excursion to Delaware State Fair:  Sat., July 24.  Special Amtrak 

train makes round trip from Philadelphia to Harrington and Seaford.  Schedule 

and reservations (required): Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm 

time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.

 

 

Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

 

MARC to the Park:  Trains are an All-Star!

Maryland's MARC commuter rail service has been very popular with Baltimore 

Orioles fans traveling to Camden Yards.  Special trains are now being operated 

on both the Camden and Perryville lines for every ballgame.

Far be it from us to promote disloyalty to our Phillies, but if you're going 

to see some American League action at Oriole Park, call MARC at 1-800-325-RAIL 

for baseball train information, and leave your car off the roster!

 

NYC Passengers Try New Farecards

3000 everyday customers were selected by the TA to try out a new farecard 

system intended to replace the subway token.  With new collection equipment, 

it is hoped that fare evasion will be cut down while convenience for everyday 

commuters goes up.

Meanwhile, the state budget, and its support for NYC transit and rail service 

is still up in the air.

 

New L.I. Schedules Postponed

Long Island Rail Road's attempt to implement all-new off-peak schedules ran 

into a buzzsaw of passenger outcry and were withdrawn before they went into 

effect.  

 

Transit Means Clean Air in Allentown 

LANTA received the R. Emmet Doherty Clean Air award from the American Lung 

Association of the Lehigh Valley.

Compiled from BITNET,New York Times, APTA

 

DVARP Newsletter Now Available by FTP

If you are a computer-literate type who has access to the internet, you can 

now get your newsletter even before we print it!

Use FTP (file transfer protocol) to reach the server at hipp.etsu.edu and 

retrieve the text files from directory pub/railroad/dvarp.  

 

Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, June 19, 1:00 to 4:00     10 South Ave., Jenkintown-Wyncote

Broad St. Subway leaves City Hall 12:07 for R3 connection at Fern Rock.

From station, cross to inbound platform, walk north through parking lot to 

path over creek.

Wednesday, June 23, 6:00 to 7:00 pm     DVARP Social Hour

at the Aztec Club on Delaware Ave.  We had so much fun we're doing it again!

MFSE to Spring Garden, east 2 blocks to Delaware Ave., turn left

Saturday, July 16, 1:00 to 4:00     Center City Philadelphia

Satursay, August  21, 1:00 to 4:00     Annual Picnic at Willow Grove

 

Agenda for the June meeting:

1:00 introductions, agenda, minutes

1:15 Issues requiring immediate action:

     RailWorks(R) issues

     PA state budget

2:30 Other business:

     Commuter Rail Committee:

          Rider Report Card

     Transit Committee

     Norristown and MFSE cars

3:15  Administrative:

     Incorporation of DVARP

     Newsletter Editorial Policy

     Procedures for election of officers 

 

Committee Meetings:

Transit Committee:  Thu., June 24, 5:15 to 6:30 at Jefferson Alumni Hall, 1020 

Locust St..

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., July 9, 12:00 to 2:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 

1121 Chestnut St. 

Light Rail Committee:  TBA-call DVARP Voice Mail, 215-222-3373, message box 1.

South Jersey Task Force:  TBA-call DVARP Voice Mail, 215-222-3373, message box 

7.  

 


