1972 - 1992   DVARP Twentieth Anniversary

1892 - 1992   Philadelphia Electric Streetcar Centennial

The

Delaware Valley

	Rail Passenger



March 9, 1992

Vol. X, No. 3

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please write or call us:

P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger…

2	City Transit workers threaten to strike.

	DVARP to rail passengers:  Get involved in politics! 

3	Ninth Street:  Clearing the air on DVARP’s stand.  

4	On the Railroad Lines:  NJT reaches agreement for Cherry Hill station

	Newtown contract language slanted against private carriers?

	Bike/train travel made easier by SEPTA. 

6	City and suburban transit news:  Light rail construction plans.

	Broad Street service beefed up for commuter diversion.  

	Service improvements for Media-Sharon Hill passengers.

7	The Broad St. Subway is safe: here’s why.

8	Special Feature:  Will SEPTA keep PCC and trackless trolley service?

10	Environmentalists to boost public transit Earth Week and Transit Week. 

11	Up and Down the Corridor. Baltimore light rail opens next month.

	Meetings of Interest.



City Transit Strike Deadline:  March 15

Operating employees on SEPTA’s City Transit Division have threatened to strike the Authority if their contract demands are not met.  The strike threatens to delay the start of SEPTA’s reconstruction of the Ninth Street Branch.  The story is on page 2, advice for affected passengers on page 3.



Fern Rock Opening: March 12

SEPTA has scheduled the grand opening of the new Fern Rock transfer station for Thursday March 12.  Effective this date, all R2 Warminster, R3 West Trenton, and R5 Doylestown trains will stop at Fern Rock, and R2 service to Tabor and Fern Rock stations will be discontinued.  Please see page 4 for more details.



Shutdown Countdown:  28 Days

The shutdown of direct train service on half of SEPTA’s commuter rail lines starts soon.  DVARP will publish a Riders’ Guide to the Ninth Street Shutdown later this month.  

Try out your service alternatives this month, to be ready when the shutdown begins.



City Transit Workers Threaten Strike

Bus drivers, subway crews, cashiers, and mechanics represented by Transport Workers Union Local 234 have voted to strike if a new contract agreement with SEPTA is not obtained by the curent contract expiration at midnight March 15.  Both sides have taken tough public stances; economic issues are at the heart of the dispute.

So far, the situation seems normal.  As in the past, negotiations have proceeded slowly and the rhetoric on both sides has heated up as the contract expiration approaches.  SEPTA cites declining ridership caused by the economic slump as the cause of a multi-million budget shortfall, and says it has no money for wage and benefit increases.  TWU members have embarrassed SEPTA by comparing their wage levels to the highest-in-the-nation salary of General Manager Louis Gambaccini.  

Where should the passengers stand?  

Lou Gambaccini’s salary is not the cause of SEPTA’s financial woes.  Pay increases must be paid for with productivity increases.  Labor and management did that three years ago, when new contract terms covering employee absences provided gains that both sides could share.   SEPTA’s hard-won dedicated funding provides for some capital needs and does not close the operating budget gap in the short-term.  Capital improvements will cut costs in the long run, and the economy will eventually recover.  But SEPTA must continue to increase its ridership, and that will take the best efforts of both management and labor.

What lines would be affected?

TWU Local 234 operates all services on SEPTA’s City Transit Division.  In the event of a TWU walkout, most transit service within city limits and a few lines in the suburbs (18, 22, 27, 37, 44, 55, L) would be halted.  Suburban Transit routes would keep running, but passengers would be stranded at 69th Street without El service to Center City.  Bus routes with numbers of 91 or above are suburban lines which would keep running.  Regional Rail trains would also keep running



Thinking the Unthinkable

SEPTA has remained close-mouthed about the prospect of a TWU strike coninciding with the upcoming shutdown of Reading-side commuter rail lines.  In previous TWU strikes, the dense network of Regional Rail trains have been used to maintain passenger mobility and keep the City’s economy alive.  Conversely, SEPTA is relying on TWU-operated buses and subways to carry the thousands of passengers affected by the rail shutdown.

The official line is that the shutdown will be postponed in case of a TWU strike.  But a delayed walkout could begin during the shutdown, and unofficial job actions could affect subway service which must run like clockwork in order to handle the shutdown-increased ridership.  What could SEPTA do in that case?  Obtaining a court injunction against the strike is a possibility; the combination of a rail shutdown and a transit strike would have such dire consequences for the Philadelphia economy that judges would be willing to intervene.

Most large employers develop contingency plans for possible transit strikes, including chartered buses from terminals like Olney and 69th Street, carpool-matching, and other transportation services.  Passengers should check with their employer to see what plans are being made.  If your employer doesn’t have a formal plan, work one out with neighbors and co-workers.  



Ninth Street Shutdown:  Where we Stand

Because of our strident opposition to shutting down commuter rail service during the coming “RailWorks” construction project, DVARP’s position has sometimes been misunderstood.  

DVARP recognizes that the closing of the tracks is now inevitable, whether we like it or not.  Therefore, DVARP is working on multiple fronts to make sure that the shutdown causes the least disruption to the human infrastructure: SEPTA’s riders.  One is pointing out possible problems to SEPTA so that they can be corrected before passenger service is affected.  By pointing out these problems, we are not driving riders away from the system; we are helping SEPTA keep them.  “Shooting the messenger” won’t solve any problems.

Second, DVARP still holds that alternate service is possible, using the Conrail route described at the public hearing.  DVARP will support anyone who wants to provide that service, be it SEPTA or a private contractor.  

With the shutdown approaching, elected officials, the press, and the passengers are beginning to pay attention to the project.  DVARP is an independent source of information on the project, and we will give honest answers to their questions.  

We have no “hidden agenda,” nor are we demanding the resignation of anyone involved in this project, in part because we recognize that many of the decisions we disagree with were made by others.  However, we insist on an open and rational process for decisionmaking at SEPTA and any other public agency, and the leaders are responsible for that process.  We expect that passengers will be consulted before important decisions are made, and that those decisions will put the passengers’ interests first, not those of managers or politicians.



Alternatives for Strikebound CTD Passengers

The first step in preparing for a transit strike is to obtain a copy of the current SEPTA map.  Second, identify routes in your area which will keep running.  Third, obtain schedule and fare information from SEPTA for your alternative route.  

In previous transit strikes, alternate transportation has been provided in several ways.  First and most important is the Regional Rail network.   R6, R7, and R8 trains serve dozens of stations in the City; and service on these lines is beefed up to carry the extra passengers.  Suburban Transit routes in Delaware and Montgomery Counties reach Regional Rail routes as well as the Market-Frankford El.  Large employers operate their own transportation services to major transit hubs, while almost all employers help match up employees for carpools.

Northeast Philadelphia

R3 West Trenton, R7 Trenton, and R8 Fox Chase trains all serve parts of the Great Northeast.  The problem is access to those stations.  All crosstown bus routes serving these lines are CTD routes which would be shut down.

Northwest Philadelphia

Mount Airy and Germantown will have a good alternative in the form of the R7 and R8 Chestnut Hill Lines.  Passengers in Manayunk and Roxborough have the R6 Norristown.  In the northwest suburbs, look for the 94 bus to Chestnut Hill.

North Philadelphia

Expect extra service at RRD stops in North Philadelphia, including Temple U., The North Broad/North Phila. complex, Wayne Junction, and Fern Rock.

Main Line/Delaware County

Most Suburban Transit routes connect with the Regional Rail network at at least one station.  Check your map or timetable.  Some passengers may find themselves riding outbound to get to the train rather than inbound to the El.  



On the Railroad Lines…

R2

Old Fern Rock Stations to Close

Service to the old R2 stations at Tabor and Fern Rock will cease permanently on March 12 when SEPTA opens the new station at Fern Rock.  While no more than a handful of people use the stations now, many of them are cut off from access to the new station.  

While the “RailWorks” project of which the new station is a part has been criticized in these pages and elsewhere, the new station is a positive step in the long run.  Reverse commuters, sports fans, students, and others traveling between the north suburbs and points along Broad St will now be able to make a safe transfer to the Broad Street Subway.—MDM



R8

Newtown: Open Bidding, a Shut Case

It appears that the deal SEPTA is offering private contractors to operate the Newtown Line is similar to that of the garbage man who was hired on an all-you-can-eat basis.  Imagine investing 1/2 million in a new Bethayres crossing; assorted hundreds of thousands in grade crossings, signaling, track, ties (all of which becomes the property of your landlord); as well as the costs of acquiring and maintaining equipment, without the right to enjoy the same government subsidies as your chief competitor next door (who, incidently, is your landlord).

We have not seen the new FTA funding formula, but previous UMTA formulas increased a region’s funding as rail route mileage increased.  Continuation of this policy would mean that the Newtown service would generate increased Federal subsidy, but SEPTA would keep that subsidy for itself.  

SEPTA's request for proposal (RFP) stated that their objective in leasing the Newtown Right of Way was to “facilitate connecting service with its regional rail operation.”  Yet in answer to: “If SEPTA does not maintain good on-time performance on these (R3 or R8) lines and impacts the contractor's ridership, what recourse will the contractor be offered?” SEPTA responds, “This arrangement will be included in the lease negotiation process.”  So the bidders on what is ostensibly a shuttle service between Newtown and Fox Chase are not going to know the rules of the Fox Chase transfer game until after they are chosen.

An attachment to the minutes of the pre-proposal meeting includes some of the original deeds of the Reading Company Trustee transferring the property to Conrail.  It is interesting that Reading Company Trustee deeds for the Newtown Line property in Bucks County appear to be missing.  SEPTA holds the property on a quitclaim deed (from Conrail).  A quitclaim deed is defined as: “a legal instrument used to release one person's right, title or interest to another without providing a guarantee or warranty of title.”  SEPTA told Rail Management Services, Inc. that it will not indemnify the contractor in the event of a challenge to the Conrail/SEPTA quitclaim deed.  One wonders where the Reading Co. Trustee deed is.

It was the hope that Newtown privatization would be a first  in bringing much needed competition to SEPTA.  But here the contractor is asked to compete with subsidized R2 and R3 services for the park-and-ride commuter market while possibly generating additional FTA dollars for SEPTA.  Is the influence of one of the nation's wealthiest families is at work again to prevent restoration of train service?  We all know what talks in politics.  Will the residents of Newtown continue to walk?—TB

SEPTA has extended the deadline for private-sector bids for operating Fox Chase to Newtown service.  (see December DVRP)  Bids will be opened May 1.



NJT

AC Trains to Serve Cherry Hill

New Jersey Transit purchased a four-acre stretch in Cherry Hill next to the Garden State Park for a rail passenger station for the Atlantic City line.  The transit authority bought the property for $1.1 million from International Thoroughbred Breeders, owner of the Garden State Park.  Station construction will cost an additional $1.2 million.  NJT officials have not offered a timetable for completion of the station.

A Cherry Hill stop is expected to have many benefits for the state.  Attendance will improve at the race track through direct service from Atlantic City and Philadelphia, and the Cherry Hill stop will attract many passengers to the Atlantic City line from northern Camden County and southern Burlington County.  Many who already frequent Atlantic City and the race track will now soon have a viable and pleasant alternative to the automobile.

Even without completion of the Cherry Hill station, New Jersey Transit is expected to begin service to Philadelphia in May or June of this year, hopefully by Memorial Day.—Don Nigro



Scam #73

Passengers at Penn Center have been approached by a man who wants to change a dollar’s worth of change for a dollar bill.  After making the swap, the passenger discovers that the man give them less than a dollar.  Watch out!



DVARP gratefully acknowledges Chief Ronald Sharp, David Stumpo and the Suburban Transit Division of SEPTA for updates on operating information and John McGee for fare and ridership data.



Bike-on-Rail SEPTA Permits Now Available by Mail

To boost use of the “bike-on-rail” program which allows off-peak riders to bring regular bicycles on SEPTA Regional Rail and subway trains, SEPTA has added a mail-in procedure for obtaining the necessary permit.  Since many potential users would be suburb-to-suburb riders, this is likely to have a small, but positive effect on train ridership. Here are instructions for securing the permit.

1)  Mail your request with a business-sized self-addressed stamped envelope to Patricia Harris, SEPTA Customer Services, ATTN: Bicycle Permit Request, 841 Chestnut St., Philadelphia, PA  19107.

2)  When you receive the permit application and waiver forms, read them and sign them in the presence of a notary public; these are legal documents.

3)  Mail the forms back to SEPTA, along with a check or M.O. for $5.00 and another self-addressed stamped envelope.  

You may obtain your permit immediately by going to the Customer Service Department at 9th and Chestnut weekdays between 8:30 and 4:30.  As described in the January DVRP, the permits are good for one calendar year and allow permit-holders to bring a bicycle on most off-peak commuter trains, and on night and weekend subway and elevated trains.  There are significant restrictions and limitations: read program rules carefully before applying, and happy traveling! —Bob Machler



BSS

Express Service to be Every Five Minutes

SEPTA has announced that peak-hour Broad St. express service will run at five minute intervals for the duration of the diversion of Regional Rail commuters to the subway.  Service had previously been every eght minutes.  Local service headways will be unchanged at eight minutes, while Ridge Ave. service it to be cut from every 11 minutes to every 15.

While the increased frequency will benefit the thousands of Broad Street commuters, it may not be sufficient to prevent serious overcrowding of their trains when RRD commuters fill them up at Fern Rock.—MDM



SSL

Rear-end Collision in Tunnel

Two dozen passengers were injured, none seriously, in the crash of two subway-surface cars west of 22nd Street last week.  The cause of the collision has not been determined yet, but a Federal investigaton is underway.  Ultimately, safety on the Subway-Surface Lines, as on any trans-portation service, comes down to individual employees working safely.

Service was further disrupted the next day, when fuel from a leaking service station tank was found in a pump room at 38th St.



Light Rail Service Disruptions: 1992

Through the cooperation of David Stumpo, head of light rail operations of SEPTA, DVARP has obtained a list of construction projects expected in 1992 which will disrupt streetcar service.  Stumpo is continuing the positive trend reported here last month.  

On Route 34, the street repair work on Baltimore Ave. originally scheduled for last fall is now expected to begin next week.  Because there has been added time to prepare for this work, SEPTA will keep trolley service running over a single track in the vicinity of 55th St.  Although passengers should allow extra time for possible minor delays, this is a considerable improvement from the original plan to run shuttle buses from 40th Street Portal to the end of the line at 61st St.

A rail renewal project on route 13 later this year will cause bus substitution between Mt. Moriah Loop and Yeadon and Darby.



Buses Replace Trolleys in North Philadelphia 

On the North Phila. streetcar lines, buses are expected to operate May 3 through 10 on Route 15 to permit work on water pipes near 19th and Girard.

Route 23 is being operated with buses its entire length until mid-March.  Work on the Convention Center is expected to soon reach the stage where trolley service can resume south of Tioga St.  The northern section of the line will remain bus until September for street construction on Germantown Ave.

Route 56 is being operated with buses because of water main problems in the area of M Street and Erie Ave.  The same main which caused a lengthy bus substitution when it collapsed in front of Northeast Catholic HS is causing the present problem.  As before, this may be a lengthy repair period because of the financial situation of the City of Philadelphia.  Bus substitution is scheduled for the summer to allow work on the Frankford El at Erie Ave.



NHSL

SEPTA Sets Construction Season Plans

On the P & W, reconstruction of the Aldwyn Lane bridge will begin this spring.  Single-track service will be needed at all times from Villanova to Conshohocken Road.  Express service will be only every 20 minutes during the construction period, with local service every 10 minutes.  There may be additional work and disruptions at off-peak times



MESH

Good Service Despite Reconstruction

A firsthand inspection February 25 found good service and attention to passenger needs on the Red Arrow.  Garrettford Station was freshly scrubbed!  Information about possible single-track delays was widely posted at 69th Street.  The operation was smoothly and professionally executed, with almost no delay despite the need to change ends and back through a crossover.

Shuttle buses will run on the 101 this month and next to permit track work weekdays from 9:30 am to 3:00 pm.  March 9 to 27 the buses will be from Scenic Road to Media; March 30 through April 30 from Woodland Ave. to Media.  Passengers should allow for possible delays of 10 to 15 minutes at these times.



Suburban Transit Notes:  The STD published another newsletter to inform passengers of the February timetable changes and other service news.  Route 110 now serves the Elwyn Institute, while most other bus routes have had minor schedule adjustments.  Two more early evening trips have been added to the 106, while an extra trip in each direction was added on 113.  



5 reasons why it’s safe for commuters to ride the subway

Improved Policing

SEPTA Police have now taken full responsibility for patrolling the subway and elevated lines.  City police protection had often been inadequate and unresponsive.  SEPTA Police Chief Ronald Sharp described the methods his force is using.  The network has been divided into zones; squads of officers will be assigned to specific zones, so they can gain familiarity with the trouble spots on their beats, like the “community-oriented policing” method now espoused by many other police chiefs.  Additional officers form a “tactical unit” deployed to specific places as necessary.

Safety in Numbers

At the hours when most Reading-line passengers will be using the subway and el, many other law-abiding passengers will be on board the trains and in the stations.  Except for pickpockets, criminals don’t like crowds.

Late-night Closings

Many of the crimes ocurring on the subways last year took place late at night.  When the stations were closed late at night starting last spring, crime statistics dropped sharply.

High-School Hoodlums

The subway assaults and thefts by high school girls reported in the Inquirer last month are part of the other big crime problem SEPTA faces.  These hoodlums, boys and girls, will still be using the subways during the rail shutdown.  Fortunately for most affected passengers, their primary victims are other high school students.  Many of these crimes occur when school is dismissed, before most of the commuters are going home.

You will “ride smart”

Even though there is more crime on the subway system than on the commuter rail system, the real numbers are very small.  Passengers need only use common sense to minimize the risk.  Hold onto purses and briefcases and keep valuables out of outside pockets to deter thieves.  Do not wear large pieces of jewelry or keep your pass on your coat.  

At night, wait for trains near the cashier’s booth or with the police officers on guard.  Look for the “train arriving” sign, and go to the platform when it lights.  When entering or leaving a station, use direct routes with well-lit passageways.  Try to ride with a friend at night, and ride in the first car, where the motorman is.



SEPTA Streetcars and Trackless Trolleys:  A Cloudy Future

An article in the Daily News raised concern about the future of SEPTA’s PCC trolleys and the electric buses commonly known as trackless trolleys.  Various reports had SEPTA retiring and/or selling the vehicles; DVARP has attempted to clarify their status.  

The first thing we learned is that SEPTA is still evaluating many alternatives and that there is much possibility for changes before final plans are made.  Second, SEPTA is subject to agreements with financiers and governments which significantly limit what SEPTA can do in the short term.  Third, several otherwise unrelated factors have coincided to affect streetcar and trackless service— thus causing some of the apparent conflicts in information that had been circulating.

One of these factors is rehabilitation of the Frankford El.  Route 59 and 75 trackless trolleys use wires under the El to reach the Frankford Depot.  One turn of their base route and a portion of Route 66 are also under the El.  This section of the El is expected to be under repair for about three years beginning sometime in 1992.  SEPTA has tried to establish an alternate route to the depot using about 5 blocks of new wire, but has encountered opposition from residents who live along the proposed routes.  

Since the passengers using the lines knew nothing of SEPTA’s efforts on their behalf, they were unable to indicate their desire for continued service.  Thus it appeared to City officials and SEPTA that there was only opposition to trackless trolley service, and SEPTA seems to have stopped pursuing continued electric operation in favor of three years of diesel bus substitution.  SEPTA made the specific point of clarifying that at no time was the bus conversion of South Philadelphia routes 29 and 79 considered.

The size and condition of SEPTA’s trackless fleet is also an issue.  The Authority owns about twice the number of trackless trolleys as it needs to provide service on the five trackless routes.  SEPTA also has “excess” buses, in part to cover for times when rail or trackless service can not be provided because of emergencies or construction.  The oldest vehicles, the PCC streetcars, lack air conditioning and other modern amenities found in the newer West Philadelphia LRVs and in all of SEPTA’s bus fleet.  For operational reasons, the oldest buses are not the best candidates to be removed from service; but newer buses have financial encumbrances which preclude their retirement.

Another factor is SEPTA’s operating budget squeeze.  It costs SEPTA less to run buses, because somebody else pays for upkeep of roads and signals.

Faced with these factors, SEPTA began looking for ways to solve its problems.  SEPTA seems to have decided against a fare increase, and instead is trying to cut expenses.  One way for SEPTA to work more efficiently is to reduce the number of vehicles which have to be maintained and inspected.  (DVARP has been advocating such efficiency moves for years.)  The place to begin this is reducing the number of “spare” vehicles.  Because the PCC cars are not financially encumbered, they are an obvious choice for the first to go.  The streetcar electrical facilities are then left unused.  Addition of a second contact wire and feeders for it would permit trackless operation on the former streetcar routes, thus utilizing the entire fleet.  Meanwhile, some of the “spare” diesel buses could be operated on routes 59, 66, and 75 during El construction.  Because ridership would fall, some service reductions would accompany these substitutions.  As noted at the beginning of this article, this is only one of several scenarios SEPTA is evaluating.

During the evaluation process, word of the options being considered began to reach the unions and environmental groups, who unhappy at not being consulted.  SEPTA released a brief memo to the environmental groups in efforts to explain the situation.  The memo indicated that SEPTA may eventually operate more streetcar and trackless trolley service in order to comply with environmental regulations, but operating budget issues made their operation difficult for now.  The memo also indicated that the issue was still under consideration and that some new streetcars may be ordered in late 1992.  But most disturbing was the limited alternatives SEPTA was considering: operate or dispose.  

There are more alternatives.  First, the trackless vehicles now running on the routes from Frankford could be mothballed and stored for three years until work on the northern section of the El is completed.  Discussions of this concept with SEPTA revealed financial encumbrances which make mothballing difficult.  

With the PCCs, the continued part-time bus operations caused by street and track work on Routes 23 and 56 (see page 6)  means that there might be minimal savings available because streetcar operation is already at a low level.  Reduced transit ridership caused by the recession could permit operation of Route 15 with newer LRVs this summer, which would permit some PCC cars (which are not encumbered) to be mothballed.  

The next possibility is to use PCCs for the infrequently used spare capacity on the subway-surface lines, and transfer the LRVs currently so used to the base service on Route 56.  This would result in the occasional use of a PCC instead of an LRV on the West Philadelphia lines, but the infrequent use of these last few cars would enable a reduction in costly maintenance procedures for the PCC cars so assigned.  There is some concern among SEPTA operating personnel about the possibility of a PCC having to push a disabled LRV, which is much heavier, but there has been mixed operation of detoured Route 15 PCCs and Route 10 LRVs for over two years on a long portion of Lancaster Ave., with no reported problems.  A final interesting possibility we learned in discussion with SEPTA is that a few PCC cars may receive repairs to permit their continued use for some times.

A significant concern with “temporary” trackless trolley operation of streetcar routes is conditions of FTA (former UMTA) funding.  The life of overhead wire is likely to be thirty or more years.  Would FTA require continued use of that second wire for the entire economic life of thirty years and prevent streetcar operation?

The February 27 Inquirer reported that SEPTA projects a $106 million shortfall for fiscal year 1993.  General Manager Gambaccini was quoted as saying “Under the best of circumstances though, we believe we are talking about draconian expense reductions.”  What is needed first is for supporters of the streetcars and trackless trolleys to help SEPTA work on a budget which achieves the necessary economies without discarding the environmentally-friendly modes of service.  Second, last years efforts to secure a funding base for public transit must be continued to secure increased operating funds.  During a recession is the time when the efficiencies in total societal costs that public transit has over automobiles are most necessary!  The electrified modes will become increasingly important as the provisions of the Federal Clean Air Act take effect.

Several years ago, SEPTA faced similar budget shortfalls and proposed major cutbacks including elimination of streetcar service.  The main result of this proposal was a long-term increase in negative public feelings toward SEPTA.  We call on SEPTA to work openly and constructively with the passengers and community to resolve the present problems in a positive manner.—Chuck Bode



Earth Week ‘92:  Get Into “Clean Motion”

Earth Week is April 19 through 25.  This week provides an opportunity for everyone to reflect on out planet’s environment and how we take care of it.  One of mankind’s most harmful activities is single-occupant automobile travel.  Encouraging the use of public transportation is one of the most effective actions individuals can make to improve our environment.

The Clean Air Council of the Delaware Valley and the Pennsylvania Environmental Council are sponsoring a “Clean Motion” contest on Earth Week Transportation Day, April 21.  The contest is open to companies, governments, and all other organizations having a body of commuters.  The winner will be the group that achieves the greatest percentage reduction in single-occupant auto commuting on April 21.  While that organization gets the award, all the residents of the region are winners, receiving cleaner air to breathe.

The contest works in the following manner:  on April 20, the number of persons at work is counted, and divided by the number of cars used to get to work.  The same calculation is made for April 21, and the reduction in auto use tabulated.  For example, on April 20, 25 employees come to work: 5 by bus, 5 by train, 5 walking, and 10 driving their cars.  This is a ration of 25/10 or 2.5 commuters per car.  On April 21, 32 employees come in:  6 by bus, 10 by train, 5 walking or bicycling, 3 sharing the ride with another driver, and 8 driving their cars.  This is 32 employees and eight cars, a ratio of 4 to 1, which is a 60 percent increase over the April 20 figure.  The percentage basis allows small and large firms to compete equally.

DVARP members can help in three ways.  First, make sure that your employer participates in the contest.  It may help to point out that all employers of over 100 persons must file by November 1992 a plan for 25 percent reduction of single-occupant travel by November 1996.  Second, make sure you make a “clean commute” on April 21.  Third, inform your co-workers about public transit, and help them get the schedule and fare information they need to use it.

For more information, call Sara Nichols of the Clean Air Coalition at 215-545-1832, or Hollister Knowlton of the Pennsylvania Environmental Council at 215-563-0250. —CB



Try Transit Week

The second opportunity in less than a month for you to help spread a positive message about public transportation will be “Try Transit Week.”  Sponsored by the American Public Transit Association, the event will be from May 11 to 15.  Each day of the week will have a separate theme: Monday, clean air; Tuesday, energy conservation; Wednesday, transit employee and customer appreciation day; Thursday, improved mobility; and Friday economic benefits.  APTA has four objectives for the week:  promoting public transportation’s benefits, encouraging new ridership, organizing supporters, and honoring public transit employees.

DVARP members are encouraged to use both Earth Week and Try Transit Week to reinforce the messages the events and their sponsors will generate.  Send letters to newspapers and to elected officials, and talk to your friends and neighbors.  The set an example by using public transportation and helping others do so.—CB



CORRECTION:  Please note the correct phone number for DVARP Vice President-Transportation Tom Borawski:  552-8873.



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern Commuter Rail and Rail Transit Services

Opening Day on the MTA

There will be two causes for celebration in Baltimore April 6: the opening of the new Orioles Stadium and the opening of the new light rail line.  The MTA Central Line will operate limited service on baseball days at first, with full service on the northern half of the line expected to begin in May.  The southern half is expected to open in stages starting August 1992 with most of the line in service in 1993.



Transit Strike Threat in New York, Too

TWU Local 100 is threatening to strike the New York City TA later this year.  After a rabble-rousing meeting last month, union members stopped subway service in an unsanctioned action by pulling emergency brake cords while trains were stopped in stations.



NJ Court:  Transit Agencies not Liable for Security

A New Jersey court dismissed the lawsuit of a woman who sought damages from the Port Authority.  She cited PA negligence and inadequate policing resulted in her being mugged by a vagrant at the PA bus terminal in Manhattan.



Dates of Interest

Fern Rock Transfer Station opens:  Thu., Mar 12.  Tabor and Fern Rock Stations will close at this time.

NARP Region 3 Meeting:  Sat., Mar. 14, noon to 5 at Showboat Hotel-Casino, Atlantic City.  Luncheon $25 in advance, $30 at door.  For reservations, send check (payable to NJARP) to Doug Bowen, 450 S. 7th, Hoboken, NJ  07030.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Mar. 17, 5:45 pm, in SEPTA Board Room.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Mar. 18, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St. and Norristown.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Butler and Grange Substations: Fri. Mar. 20.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Mar. 21, Noon to 3 pm, at Lansdale Public Library.

Environmentalists for Public Transit:  Tue. Mar. 24, 5:30 at Clean Air Council, 311 South Juniper, room 603, Philadelphia.  Info: Sara Nichols, 215-545-1832.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Wed., Mar. 25, 3:00, in SEPTA Board Room, Third Floor, 714 Market St., Philadelphia. 

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association:  Thurs., Apr. 2, 6:30 pm at Wilmington Station.  

Info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed., Apr. 8  Dinner Meeting at Holiday Inn Midtown, Philadelphia.  Topic:  AC Propulsion for Mass Transit Applications.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Apr. 18, noon to 3:45 at Lansdowne Public Library.

Earth Week:  April 19 to 25.  Transportation Day: Tue. Apr. 21.

Primary Election (Pennsylvania):  Tue. Apr. 28.  You must register by Mar. 28 in the party in which you wish to cast your ballot.  “Non-partisan” registrants are not allowed to vote in this election and you may not “cross over” without reregistering.

Clean Air Week:  May 4-8

Try Transit Week:  May 11-15

SEPTA on Site (Railroad):  Thursdays 7:00 to 9:00 am, alternating between Suburban Station (Mar. 19, Apr. 2)  and Market East (Mar. 12 and 26)

Listings are based on information provided to DVARP.  Members are advised to contact the sponsoring group to confirm time and place.



