The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger





April 1995

Vol. XIII, No. 4



ISSN 1073-6859



Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in 

the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the 

present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of 

southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact 

us:



P.O. Box 7505, 

Philadelphia, PA  19101



215-222-3373



Four Important Meetings

  *Amtrak Public Forum: May 3, 4:00--City Hall

  *NARP Region III Meeting: May 13, 9:30--The Bourse

  SEPTA Budget Hearings:  

    *Capital Budget--May 24, 10:00--714 Market

    *Operating Budget--May 15, 16, 22, and 23



Inside The Delaware Valley Rail PassengerI



1-4     Amtrak finances on center stage, crisis could cost SEPTA 

millions.



4-5     On the Railroad Lines:  University City station opens; 

Settlement with SEPTA conductors Paoli track maintenance will delay 

trains; NEW! Monthly SEPTA on-time figures!



6     Important SEPTA budget hearings in May--DVARP at work!



6     Third rail in the tunnel for Newtown trains?  DVARPUs Board hears 

all the options.



7     South Jersey News: DVARP statement on Atlantic City service 

improvements.



9     Amtrak schedules online; Rail history events in PA; Amtrak college 

special. 



10-11  Up and Down the Corridor, Dates of Interest, DVARP Directory, 

Membership Coupon 



DVARP President: Donald Nigro

Newsletter Editor: Matthew D. Mitchell

for other officers and committee chairs, see page 11     



entire contents copyright ) 1995 DVARP, except photos ) 1995 credited 

photographers



Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not 

necessarily those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: 

call 215-222-3373



Amtrak to Slash Service Again

Philadelphia Losing Both Chicago Trains



by Matthew Mitchell



After a news conference early this month, Amtrak announced the next and 

supposedly final round of cuts in service, to take effect in June.  

Long-distance trains were targetted in this move; last monthUs cuts hit 

short-distance services like the Harrisburg and Atlantic City routes as 

well as a handful of long-distance trains.  Philadelphia will lose all 

direct train service to Chicago: as the Broadway Limited will be turned 

back at Pittsburgh and the Cardinal will terminate in Cincinnati.  With 

these cuts, nearly all of AmtrakUs long-distance routes will be served 

less than seven days a week.  Several short-distance trains in and out 

of Chicago will also be cut to less than daily.  



The cuts were shaped by several considerations: contracts to haul U.S. 

mail, Federal labor protection laws, and Amtrak President Tom DownsU 

drive to retire all of the Heritage Fleet sleepers and diners.  Other 

cuts in frequency include the City of New Orleans, down to five trips a 

week, and the California Zephyr, down to quad-weekly.  The Houston 

section of the Texas Eagle would be eliminated.  The effective date of 

the Broadway, Cardinal, and Eagle cuts will be September 10; all the 

other cuts will take effect June 11.   Downs claimed these would be the 

last service cuts in his plan to balance AmtrakUs budget. 



In a statement released by the White House, President Clinton endorsed 

the cuts, but said he remained Rcommitted to the future of rail 

passenger service in this country.S  No immediate response from 

congressional Republicans was reported.--MDM



Amtrak Forum Coming to Philadelphia



Amtrak President Tom Downs and members of AmtrakUs Board of Directors 

are attending a nation-wide series of seven meetings on the future 

mission of the national passenger railroad.  Governor Ridge and Mayor 

Rendell are hosting the meeting in the Council Chambers at City Hall in 

Philadelphia May 3 from 4:00 to 6:00.  DVARP and other regional ARPs 

will represent the interests of Amtrak riders at the meeting.



The public is being invited to ask questions and make suggestions at the 

meeting.  Discussion is supposed to focus on big-picture issues like 

AmtrakUs role in solving energy, environmental, and traffic problems; 

rather than on the recent layoffs of employees and cuts in service.  But 

criticism of the latter will be inevitable.



Written comments are being accepted from people who cannot attend the 

meeting, or who do not get enough time to speak.  Send your comments to: 

AmtrakUs Future, 60 Massachusetts Ave. NE, Washington DC  20002.  DVARP 

would appreciate a copy of your letters.--MDM



From the Editor's Seat:



Thanks For Waiting



Sorry for the delay in getting this newsletter to you.  These things are 

inevitable in an all-volunteer organization.  WeUll work ourselves back 

to our usual schedule over the next couple of months.



Regional Cooperation, Not Regional Government



The issue of regionalism is much in the news this year; and 

transportation and public transit issues are a big part of it.  While I 

agree with the objectives of regionalism proponents, I see the potential 

for our regionwide gains on public transit to get dragged down if we 

expect regionalization of government to be the means by which we make 

further progress.  



The regionalists understand the issues.  They deserve recognition for 

bringing the faults of our present system to attention.  With our 

fractured planning process, a township controls development within its 

borders: keeping the benefits, but exporting the costs.  WeUre realizing 

that auto-dominated suburban sprawl is destroying our quality of life 

regionwide.  Something has to change so that the common good is not 

sacrificed to the interests of a few.



Though the Inquirer feature last month didnUt mention it, formation of a 

new level of government, or some super-agency, has usually been seen as 

the means by which we TfixU the problems of our present system.  ThatUs 

where I part company.  Not only is a new regional government politically 

impossible, it wonUt make things much better.



When you talk to suburban residents about Tbreaking down the borders,U 

many of them see their kids being bused into inferior city schools.  

Meanwhile, a lot of city people see regionalization as a dilution of 

minority political power.  Either of those will be sufficient to sink a 

regional government before it ever gets launched.  The Inquirer thinks 

IUm being a defeatist for saying it, but I think mine is the optimistUs 

position: the problems aren't so intractible that we need a whole new 

level of government to fix them.  



Take the big three issues the regionalists cite:  the problems in land 

use and development planning I mentioned above can be adequately 

addressed by the counties, with the Delaware Valley Regional Planning 

Commission active in an advisory role.  All we need is a means for the 

counties to veto township decisions which place an unacceptable burden 

on the rest of the public.  Regional assets like public transit and the 

ports are already in the hands of regional agencies with specific, 

limited functions.  



And relieving the City of Philadelphia of its heavy burden of social 

service needs can be done by turning those programs over to the state.  

Even though the Rendell administration has come a long way in restoring 

City governmentUs credibility, nobody is going to be willing to pour 

money into the city without having oversight over how the money is 

spent.  Other stuff, like information systems and marketing the region 

as a tourist destination, is trivia.  And despite the ink they got in 

the Inquirer, the schools won't be helped at all by regionalization.



The better alternative is strengthening what we already have, 

particularly the counties.  Spending most of last year in Maryland, I 

saw first-hand how a strong-county model can prepare a region for its 

future.  It gives sufficient structure to control and even reverse the 

problems brought on by auto-dominated policies of the past while it 

respects community choices and fosters a diversity of communities.  



The key to building great communities, city or suburban, is getting 

people involved.  Shifting power to a handful of well-meaning, well-

qualified technocrats in a regional agency would be the civic equivalent 

of replacing the town square and train station with a turnpike 

interchange.



We who have the goal of making our communities better by replacing our 

failed auto-dominated transport policies, should not allow the 

regionalism issue to distract us.  If SEPTA is held up as the 

centerpiece of a new regional system, it will take a big fall when the 

public says RNo.S--MDM



TWU Settles After Two-Week Strike



[editorUs note: With the extensive coverage given to the transit strike 

by the newspapers and other media, telling the whole story here would be 

repetitive.]



A two-week strike by members of the Transportation Workers Union against 

SEPTAUs City and Suburban Transit Divisions was finally resolved when 

labor and management found sufficient .  With seven commuter rail lines 

the only regular SEPTA service in Philadelphia, Railroad ridership 

swelled by almost 50 percent.  Special steps were taken by management to 

alleviate the crush of riders in Center City, even though trains were 

lengthened to accomodate the extra passenger load.  Riders were 

inconvenienced in several ways; standing-room-only on the trains, Tpass-

upsU of riders at inner-city stations, and long lines to board homeward 

trains, to name a few.  All in all, management, businesses, and 

passengers teamed up to to cope.



The strike came after a week-long cooling-off period, and numerous 

impasses in negotiations.  TWU President Harry Lombardo insisted on 3 

percent wage increases each year of the contract plus fringe benefit 

improvements; while SEPTA General Manager Lou Gambaccini said SEPTA had 

no money to pay for raises, and could not count on any additional 

subsidies from Washington or Harrisburg.  SEPTA quickly acceded to the 

TWU demand for continuation of no-layoff and no-part-time-workers 

clauses, but talks broke down over wages and benefits.  In the end, both 

sides were accomodated in a deal which could have been reached without a 

strike; SEPTA dedicated further savings in claims and other 

administrative costs to the new contract, instead of improving service, 

while TWU finally accepted a Tback-loadedU wage package which reduced 

its budgetary impact.  The strike which occurred in the meantime hurt 

TWU: the city was not shut down, while several attempts to disrupt 

railroad service and highway traffic did little to build public sympathy 

for the strikers.  



SEPTA offered a transit fare sale in the days following the settlement, 

to welcome riders back to the system.  Refunds are being offered for 

passengers who did not use their passes on commuter trains; see the 

SEPTA Customer Service offices at Suburban Station and other locations 

for details.  It is too early to see whether the strike has caused a 

permanent drop in transit ridership; rebuilding ridership is crucial to 

SEPTAUs long-term health.--MDM



More Amtrak Bills on Capitol Hill



Three more Amtrak bills have been introduced in Congress.  Four 

Democratic senators have introduced a RRail Investment ActS (S.674) 

which would continue to authorize operating funds for Amtrak and 

reimbursement for some discriminatory taxes Amtrak has to pay.  Where it 

would be most useful is in increasing capital investment for trains, 

stations, and tracks.  That will help Amtrak move towards its goal of 

breaking even on its operating expenses.  Tom Downs has cited a shortage 

of capital as one reason for AmtrakUs present predicament.



Some business-as-usual was included in the bill for the home states of 

the sponsoring senators: Exon and Dorgan would get a Federally-mandated 

study of Amtrak service in the upper Midwest, from Omaha to Kansas City, 

and beyond.  Kerry gets provisions for a third track in Massachussets 

and Rhode Island, for local freight carrier Providence and Worcester and 

for a rail link in the new Boston Harbor tunnel; and Moynihan gets 

funding authorization for the new Amtrak station in New York City.



President ClintonUs RAmtrak Restructuring ActS (HR.1437) introduced in 

the House this month would make several administrative changes, while 

putting Amtrak on a course to zero operating subsidy by 2001.  It 

provides less money for capital needs and more short-term operating 

funds than does S.674.  



A third bill sponsored by Sen. Simon (D-IL) would establish a trust fund 

for Amtrak, using a small piece of the Federal tax on gasoline.  NARP 

and other Amtrak allies have lobbied long and hard for a dedicated 

RAmpennyS of the gas tax, arguing that investing in Amtrak is much 

cheaper than expanding highways.



No action was taken yet on the anti-Amtrak bills reported on here last 

month.  Committee evaluation of all the bills is expected to take place 

soon, as members of Congress return from their April recess.--MDM



On the Railroad LinesI



Amtrak Crisis Threatens Commuters



Frank Wilson, New JerseyUs Transportation Commissioner, warned last 

month that Amtrak is planning to sock Northeast commuter rail operators 

with a big increase in trackage rights fees as a means of balancing the 

Amtrak budget.  A total figure of $60 million is being talked about.  

Operators who use Amtrak facilities are Boston MBTA, Connecticut Shore 

Line East, New York MTA, NJ Transit, SEPTA, MARC, and Virginia Railway 

Express.  



Under Federal rules, Amtrak must charge the commuter operators only the 

costs Amtrak would avoid if the commuter trains were not operated on its 

lines.  But considering the widespread debate over the accounting 

figures Amtrak used to justify its 1995 service cuts, this could be a 

big source of tension.



SEPTA Accord with UTU



While SEPTAUs transit workers were out on strike, a contract settlement 

between the SEPTAUs Railroad Division and the United Transportation 

Union was reached.  UTU Local 61 represents conductors and assistant 

conductors on the railroad.  



Federal law limits the rail workersU right to strike, so protracted 

negotiations are the rule in the rail industry.  UTU members had worked 

for over a year without a contract, and the new three-year pact is 

retroactive.  Feelings grew hard during the negotiations, but never 

reached the levels of the TWU strike.  Details of the contract were not 

available at press time.  



University City: Finally!



The new station on Convention Ave. at the corner of South Street will 

finally open April 24 after about 18 months of construction.  The 

station will be served by R1-Airport, R2-Wilmington, and R3-Elwyn 

trains, as shown in the new timetables.  RRD passengers on other lines 

may find it easier and cheaper to transfer at 30th Street for the two-

minute ride to the new station than to walk to their destination or use 

the irregular bus service.  Passengers transferring to the R1, R2, or R3 

should inform the conductor when their ticket is collected.



The $5-6 million project is the first all-new station in the City since 

Temple University.  It was planned in anticipation of expanding hospital 

and other employment in nearby University City.  That planning did not 

consider the likely closing of the Civic Center nor what will replace 

it.  



Station construction (managed by the City of Philadelphia, not SEPTA) 

was a complex job because about 1/2 mile of northbound R3 trackage had 

to be slewed east about 20 feet to create space for the high-level 

platform between the tracks at the new station.  A series of other 

problems plagued the project and led to several delays in opening the 

station.



The new station is a colorful presence, with its shed and stairways 

painted bright red.  The main entrance, with ticket office (open six 

days a week) and elevator, is behind the Penn Tower Hotel next to the 

Civic Center.  The secondary exit to South St. is opposite Franklin 

Field.  



SEPTA has proposed a new bus loop through University City as a means of 

making service more convenient and increasing ridership.  New parts of 

the medical center and the University of Pennsylvania campus are a good 

deal further from existing rail stations than older parts.  But money is 

the obstacle to the new bus.  SEPTA had intended to use savings from a 

West Philadelphia bus route reorganization to pay for the new route, but 

that plan was ill-received by the public and has been shelved.--FMD



R3--Signal Project Delayed



A weekend shuttle bus substitution for signal work on the Elwyn Line has 

been postponed due to the transit strike.  Watch for flyers with the new 

dates.



R5--Work to Cause Delays



SEPTA has informed Paoli Line riders that Amtrak maintenance crews will 

be working on their tracks from now through June.  The work will take 

one track out of service.  In April, inbound trains will use the express 

track from Paoli to Bryn Mawr; In May, the outbound express track will 

be closed, and in June, all outbound trains will use the express track 

from Overbrook to Paoli.  



All of these operations can be expected to cause minor delays at all 

times for added switching time and possible traffic congestion.  The 

operations on the express track will cause further delays, especially 

during the rush hour, when passengers will have to use the temporary 

wooden platforms and use two doors only.  Listen closely for special 

boarding and detraining announcements.



SEPTA Regional Rail Division 

February and March On-time Performance



courtesy SEPTA, Libertynet



                                    Feb     Mar



At Suburban Statiom                90.3%   92.7%

At Final Destination               88.8%   89.6%

Peak                               86.4%   88.1%

Off Peak                           89.3%   91.0%

Trains Cancelled                    0.1%    0.5%

Trains over 15 minutes late         1.8%    1.7%



Individual Lines

R1 Airport                         97.1%   96.6%

R2 Wilmington/Warminster           92.7%   92.4%

R3 West Trenton/Elwyn              83.2%   84.8%

R5 Doylestown Parkesburg           87.1%   84.8%

R6 Cynwyd/Norristown               89.6%   92.4%

R7 Trenton/Chestnut Hill East      85.6%   91.2%

R8 Chestnut Hill West/Fox Chase    87.5%   88.6%



Transit News Update



Schedule Change Highlights



The winter schedule revision on SEPTAUs City Transit Division brought 

only modest changes.  Night-Owl service on the Broad St. line has been 

revised for better connections.  The only subway-surface change was the 

cutting back of a two-car Route 36 train to a single trolley.



Trackless trolley service will return to routes 59 and 75 sometime in 

Rmid-spring.S  On the bus side, express service was restored to Route 

22, and additional peak-hour Route L service has been added between 

Chestnut Hill and Plymouth Meeting.  Route 88 schedules now show 

connections with R3 trains.



RIDE Improves Phone Info



SEPTAUs new automated schedule-by-phone service went into service 

recently on the 215-580-7800 line.  A special number has been assigned 

to each time point on every SEPTA route.  When you enter that code, and 

the time you want to travel, SEPTAUs computer can tell you when the bus 

or trolley is to arrive.  It takes a little time to learn how to use it, 

but once you get the hang of it, and write down the numbers of the stops 

you use frequently, it is quite easy, and faster than waiting on hold.  



New Museum Coming 



A new SEPTA transit museum is slated to open at Trolleyfest T95 this 

fall.  The museum will cover parts of three floors at SEPTAUs new 1234 

Market headquarters: concourse, street level, and mezzanine.  Donations 

or loans of museum exhibits such as pictures and memorabilia are being 

sought.  Contact SEPTA Transit Museum, 841 Chestnut St., 5th Floor.  

Philadelphia, 19107.



APTA Responds to Deficit



Recognizing the fiscal pressures of the day, the American Public Transit 

Association testified before Congress that shifting Federal spending 

from operating subsidies to capital investment would result in one-time 

deficit reduction.  Recognizing differing needs of transit operators, 

APTA proposes a procedure where operating funds could be traded for 

capital funds.  This would also be consistent with Administration and 

Congressional goals of giving states and localities more say in how 

Federal dollars are used.  



In return for doing their share to balance the budget, the agencies 

represented by APTA want relief from Federal regulations which increase 

the cost of transit service.  Reform of procurement rules, charter 

restrictions, and labor protection provisions would enable transit 

operators to work more like private-sector companies.  



Industry News



Locomotive and passenger car builder MK Rail Systems is in technical 

default on over $200 million in debt.  The only area railroad with cars 

on order from MK is Amtrak.  Cost overruns on the Viewliners are cited 

as part of the reason for MKUs fiscal woes.  



ABB, builder of SEPTAUs new El cars, will be merging with Daimler-BenzUs 

rail subsidiary.  ABB itself is the product of mergers earlier this 

decade.  The deal is not expected to affect current contracts.



Credits



News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, 

John Dawson, F. Miles Day, John Hay, Bob Machler, Don Nigro, 

Sharon Shneyer, John Wireman



Apologies to Betsey Clark, who was omitted from last monthUs list of 

contributors.



Additional news from BITNET, USENET, Mobilizing the Region, Philadelphia 

Inquirer.



Your news tips are always welcome!

Phone 215-222-3373, message box 3

or mail them to DVARP



SEPTA Sets Budget Hearings for Next Month



The riding public gets its chance to speak up about SEPTAUs construction 

and service priorities in public budget hearings to be held during May.  

A task force made up of members of DVARPUs Commuter Rail and Transit 

Committees is already at work on hearing statements which will be 

finalized in time for the May 20 DVARP meeting.  



DVARP has had a long history of constructive involvement in the SEPTA 

budget and planning process.  While these hearings rarely make the 

evening headlines, their consequences are immense.  Many of DVARPUs 

victories, such as reversing the early-90s trend of SEPTA service cuts 

and getting SEPTA to market its services more aggressively, stem from 

points made at these hearings--sometimes over and over again over 

several years.  Most of the improvements and increased accountability in 

SEPTAUs budget and planning process are the product of DVARP 

recommendations



The Operating Budget includes everyday expenses like salaries, 

electricity to power the trains, routine maintenance of tracks and 

stations, and also revenue items including fares and subsidies.  These 

hearings are also traditionally a chance for individuals to comment 

about the service and make suggestions to SEPTA.  By law, a set of 

proposed service standards must also be considered along with the 

budget; the standards are supposed to tell the public what it gets in 

return for investing in SEPTA.



The Capital Budget and Plan is even more important in the long run, yet 

itUs public hearing rarely attracts many people.  This document lays out 

the priorities for rebuilding our transit and rail infrastructure and 

for expanding service.  The hearing has often been the only chance for 

SEPTA passengers to comment on projects which greatly affect their 

travel.  Almost annually, DVARP finds itself having to oppose one or 

more projects which are either Tgold-plated,U not cost-effective, or too 

vaguely defined to prove that SEPTA is spending our money wisely.  DVARP 

is often the only outsider who has examined budgets so thoroughly as to 

be able to find and call attention to these points; itUs a critical part 

of our mission.



Copies of the proposed budgets will be available to read at DVARPUs 

Board meeting May 20.  The operating budget hearings will be held May 15 

in Doylestown and Norristown, May 16 in West Chester, May 22 in Media, 

and May 23 in Philadelphia (morning and evening).  The single capital 

budget hearing is May 24 in Philadelphia.  See page 10 for exact 

locations and times.



Interested persons who cannot attend the hearings may submit written 

comments which will be given just as much consideration as those made in 

person.  Send them to RHearing Examiner, c/o SEPTA Board, 714 Market 

St., Third Floor, PhiladelphiaS and be sure to specify which document 

you are commenting on.



DVARP Involved in Newtown Planning



After blowing the whistle on plans for a shuttle service which would do 

little to attract customers, DVARP is evaluating a series of 

alternatives put forth by SEPTA in response.  The proposals were issued 

at a Board committee meeting March 16, and discussed at DVARPUs meeting 

two days later.  The plans run the gamut from full electrification (the 

entire Fox Chase route or just Newtown to an R3 connection at 

Bethayres), to diesel shuttle trains (passengers change at Fox Chase, 

Bethayres, or R2 Fulmor). 



A new possibility was revealed at the Board meeting: dual-mode 

locomotives, able to run on third-rail electricity or their own diesel 

engines.  These units would give a single-seat ride from Newtown to 

Center City without the need to electrify the entire line.  But dual-

mode service is not as easy as installing a third rail and turning on 

the electricity.  Several engineering challenges need to be met.  Third 

rail is usually DC while SEPTAUs present overhead electrification is AC.  

Electrifying tracks in both systems complicates the signalling system, 

but was done at Penn Station in New York.



Rodney FiskUs TNewtown InterurbanU plan of a privatized service using 

self-propelled cars of German design remains under consideration.  SEPTA 

Board members were very interested in this alternative, but DVARPUs 

Board was cooler.  



DVARPUs Board examined the information released by SEPTA, discussed the 

issues, and decided to ask SEPTA to provide more specific cost 

projections for several of the alternatives.  



DVARP also recommended changes to several of the plans.  It is yet to be 

seen whether SEPTA will include the latest DVARP suggestions, though 

SEPTA has been much more willing to consider outside opinions than in 

the past.



While SEPTA is reviewing DVARP proposals on the capital component of the 

project, DVARP has turned to operating and scheduling considerations.  

The Newtown Branch is single-track, and signalled only at the Bethayres 

R3 crossing.  Operating at speeds of 60 mph or more requires signals to 

be installed the length of the line; while operating as extensive a 

service as is done on most of SEPTAUs other lines would require one or 

more sidings to be installed.  Both would add significantly to the cost 

of the project.  



DVARP is looking at an incremental approach to Newtown service, where 

the trains could start running as soon and as for as little money as 

practical.  Improvements would be made as ridership growth warrants.  It 

is unlikely that the trains could serve both peak-direction and reverse 

commuters without costly improvements.  



It has become clear that one of the objections from Montgomery County 

residents near the line is that electrification would mean that more 

trees near the tracks would have to be cut down.



Station spacing and placement were also discussed at the DVARP meeting.  

Commuter Rail Committee chairman John Pawson displayed maps of the route 

for Board members to study.  DVARP endorsed a State St. terminal in 

Newtown, which would eliminate several grade crossings and hundreds of 

thousands of dollars from the budget, and two minutes or so from the 

schedules.  Local leaders in Newtown are agreeing with this idea.  



Now that all the plans are on the table, the next step in the process is 

to rule out those plans which have the least chance of success, and to 

refine the remaining plans.  DVARP will stay in contact with both SEPTA 

and with county and local officials.--MDM



NJT Upgrades A.C. Train Service



by Donald Nigro



The Board of New Jersey Transit (NJT) unanimously approved, on March 28, 

a recommendation by NJT management to preserve and upgrade Atlantic City 

train service while keeping fares constant.  The strengthened commitment 

to the line will remain for at least one year.  After one year, the 

agency will review the lineUs performance and decide whether to maintain 

the service.



In the weeks previous to the decision, there was ominous talk that 

commuter rail service to Atlantic City would have to be eliminated as a 

result of AmtrakUs decision to shut down intercity service on the 

Atlantic City line.



With Amtrak gone from the line, NJT must bear all the cost of 

maintaining and dispatching the rail line rather than sharing the cost 

with Amtrak.  It is this cost that made some question the economic 

feasibility of continued NJT service.



Effective April 2, the number of roundtrips continuing to and 

originating from Philadelphia increased from six to nine.  This number 

will go up to eleven once a board authorized $1.3 million fueling pad is 

constructed.



Currently, Amtrak fuels NJ TransitUs trains at 30th Street Station at a 

charge of $240,000 a month.  Once the fueling pad is constructed in 

Atlantic City, expected within six months, it will not only enable an 

increase in the Philadelphia roundtrips, it will allow for a significant 

savings in operating costs for the line.



Marketing for the Atlantic City Line will increase.  Currently, the line 

is one of the regionUs best kept secrets.  NJT is undertaking a $100,000 

advertising campaign to promote the convenient connection to the lineUs 

two terminus points, Atlantic City and Philadelphia.  Furthermore, the 

Atlantic City Press reports that the Casino Association of New Jersey is 

considering a joint marketing effort with NJT and the Atlantic City 

Convention and Visitors Authority to attract more passengers to the 

line.



The Atlantic City Convention and Visitors Authority has already pledged 

to help promote the rail line by including it in its marketing and 

advertising materials.



Eight of the twelve casinos support their employeeUs daily commutes on 

the line with a monthly $15  TransitCheck.  NJT would like all twelve 

casinos to participate in the program.  The holdouts (as claimed by NJT) 

are Trump Castle, the Claridge, the Sands, and Caesars.  Atlantic CityUs 

casinos are also being encouraged to offer gamblers who take the train 

the same promotional incentives as those who arrive by bus or 

automobile.  A few have done so.



In the weeks prior to the March 28 NJT Board decision, DVARPUs leafleting 

campaign alerted passengers of the pending decision and encouraged them 

to call, write or fax the NJT Board; many of them did just that.  

Through the leafleting campaign, DVARP clearly positioned itself as a 

vibrant passenger advocacy group for the Atlantic City Line from the 

perspective of the lineUs riders.  This was evidenced at an NJT 

sponsored public meeting in Atlantic City on March 21 regarding 

alteration or abandonment of rail passenger service.  At the meeting, 

approximately 45 testimonies were presented, all strongly supporting the 

line.  When DVARP President Donald Nigro testified and introduced 

himself, a roar of applause came from the passengers at the meeting.



Eight Suggestions for Accelerating Atlantic City Line Ridership Growth



1)  Double the number of trips continuing to and originating from 

Philadelphia, and fine tune the arrival and departure of a number of 

these trains to well suit the Philadelphia job market.  Presently, the 

schedule offers a virtually unusable commuter service for the 

Philadelphia job market;



2)  Improve the travel time by eliminating the extra padding within the 

schedule.  The scheduled time from Philadelphia to Cherry Hill and 

return should be 20 and 22 minutes respectively, not 23 to 30 minutes.  

Allowing only two minutes padding, the Absecon to Atlantic City travel 

time should be ten minutes, not 15 minutes as the present schedule 

allows.  The Atlantic City Rail Line, a fixed guideway system, should 

offer a significant time advantage over the #551 Philadelphia-Atlantic 

City bus; presently, it does not;



3)  Improve reliability by loosening the stringent Delair Bridge 

navigational opening requirements  to that of the Tacony- Palmyra 

Bridge.  Furthermore, general infrastructure improvements on the Delair 

Bridge and its embankments  should be considered to allow for greater 

speed and reliability;



4)  Open pedestrian and automobile access to the Cherry Hill Station 

from Route 38.  Presently, this site is unquestionably the most 

pedestrian-unfriendly station in the state.  Its auto accessibility also 

needs improvement;



5)  In conjunction with doubling the number of trips continuing to and 

originating from Philadelphia, cut back the transit redundancies by 

rationalizing the #551 Philadelphia-Atlantic City bus service.  Offer 

#551 service into and out of Philadelphia only during the peak, for the 

peak direction only.  At all other times, have the bus originate and 

terminate in CamdenUs Walter Rand Transportation Center;



6)  Restructure Ocean City bus lines to offer well-coordinated feeder 

service between Absecon Station and the Ocean City bus terminal via the 

Garden State Parkway, even if initially only during the summer on the 

weekends;



7)  Seek to have NJ TransitUs Philadelphia-Atlantic City schedule 

included in AmtrakUs Northeast Timetable; and



8)  Improve access to Center City, Philadelphia.  Through an agreement 

with SEPTA, offer passengers a free transfer trip between 30th St. 

Station, Suburban Station and Market East.--DN



The Hidden Subsidies:

Auto Research Boondoggle



The U.S. House Budget Committee says that Federally-funded research into 

Tintelligent vehicle-highway systemsU is no more than Tcorporate 

welfare.U  Even if the research is successful, taxpayers would have to 

pay 80 percent of the cost of those systems.  Cutting the budget of this 

program could pay for restoring all the Amtrak service which was cut 

this year. 



Meanwhile, the Cato Institute, a conservative/libertarian think tank, 

discovered that Chrysler, Ford, and General Motors are getting $333 

million in Federal subsidies for RNew Generation Vehicles.S  This amount 

is more than the annual operating subsidy for AmtrakUs entire system.



RThe Hidden SubsidiesS is an occasional series dedicated to shedding 

light on imbalances in our present transportation policy.



Amtrak and Intercity News



NARP Regional Meeting in Philadelphia



After original plans for a meeting in upstate Pennsylvania fell through, 

DVARP stepped in to serve as host of the Region III meeting of the 

National Association of Railroad Passengers (NARP).  The meeting will be 

held Saturday, May 13, from 9:30 to 2:00 in the offices of the Delaware 

Valley Regional Planning Commission, on the eighth floor of the Bourse 

Building, Fifth and Market Sts. in Philadelphia.  Use the Fourth St. 

entrance of the building.



Several guest speakers, including elected officials and transportation 

professionals, will address the meeting.  The roster of speakers was not 

finalized at press time.  DVARP, NJ-ARP, Keystone ARP, and Delmarva Rail 

Passenger Association will report on their activities at the meeting.  

An optional SEPTA field trip will be made after the meeting, traveling 

on the newly-renovated Norristown High-Speed Line, the R6 SEPTA train, 

and the Market-Frankford Line.



The $15.00 registration fee will include lunch and other refreshments.  

For reservations, send your check to Robert Machler, 9235 Convent Ave., 

Philadelphia PA  19114-3514.  Checks should be made payable to Robert 

Machler.  For information, phone DVARP External Affairs Coordinator 

Sharon Shneyer at 215-386-2644, or DVARP voice mail, 215-222-3373, 

message box 5.



DVARP Gets Amtrak Schedules Online



The volunteers maintaining an online archive of AmtrakUs complete 

national timetable succeeded in releasing their update right on time 

April 2.  DVARPUs Matt Mitchell coordinated the project, which relied on 

over a dozen people from across the country to type in changes and 

proofread the schedules.



The complete schedules are now available on the internet from DVARP:



http://libertynet.org/~dvarp/dvarp.html



and on CompuServe.  For a copy on a floppy disk, send your name, 

address, and a check for $4.00 to DVARP.  Specify IBM or Macintosh 

format.



Online SEPTA Schedules Moved



The April schedule change also saw SEPTA move itUs official online site 

to Libertynet.  DVARPUs link to the schedules (and those of many more 

North American commuter rail lines) is still up: use the URL in the 

paragraph above.



AEM-7s to be Rebuilt



With fifteen years and well over a million miles of service under their 

belts, AmtrakUs AEM-7 electric locomotives are due for a serious 

overhaul.  Amtrak is making plans for a RMark IIS rebuild program which 

will include new electronic controls and other features for increased 

reliability.  Two units will be rebuilt at the Wilmington shop this 

year, the rest will be done by an outside contractor.  



College Students Save



Philadelphia is the test market for an RAmtrak College Travel CardS 

patterned after the TrailcardsU of Europe.  With it, students at Temple, 

Penn, Drexel, Villanova, LaSalle, or St. JoeUs can get a 15% discount of 

coach fares from now until the end of August.  The discount includes 

excursion and TAll Aboard AmericaU fares, but some restrictions apply.



To purchase the card, call 1-800-USA-RAIL, or send $14.95 plus your 

name, address, phone number, college, and student ID number to Amtrak 

College Travel Card, P.O. Box 7717, Itasca IL 60143.



Northwest Corridor to Expand



Amtrak has set a May 26 starting date for its new service between 

Seattle and Vancouver BC.  One round-trip per day is to be offered at 

first.



And a New Carolina Train



Amtrak will also introduce the Piedmont on May 26.  The train, sponsored 

by the state of North Carolina, will make a daily round trip between 

Raleigh and Charlotte.



NRHS to Meet in Lancaster



The annual convention of the National Railway Historical Society will be 

June 27 to July 2 in Lancaster.  While this organization devotes its 

attention to the trains of the past, a wealth of knowlege is gathered 

there.  A number of special excursions and tours will be held as part of 

the convention: for more details phone 717-786-4932.



Rail History Events in PA



On May 19, the Railroad Museum of Pennsylvania will hold the Grand 

Opening of its new RailroadersU Hall, an exhibit devoted to the lives of 

rail industry workers in Pennsylvania.  Special events will be held all 

weekend.  The museum is in Strasburg, Lancaster County.  For more 

information on the celebration, phone Gloria Schleichter at 717-687-

8628.



The East Broad Top Railroad (Huntingdon County) will operate its narrow-

gauge steam trains on weekends from June through August.  If youUve 

wanted to see this artifact of Pennsylvania industry as it was a hundred 

years ago, do it this year, as the future of the EBT is in doubt due to 

lack of money.  Find out more by calling 814-643-5091.



RSee AmericaS with Amtrak



Amtrak has also temporarily removed stopover limits on its RAll Aboard 

AmericaS fare.  Call your travel agent or Amtrak, and book soon for a 

chance to discover much more of America than you ever could before.



Harrisburg Bridge Railbanked



Capital Area Transit plans to buy ConrailUs soon-to-be-abandoned 

Cumberland Valley Bridge, which crosses the Susquehanna between 

Harrisburg and Lemoyne.



Dates of Interest



Public Forum on AmtrakUs Future: Wed., May 3, 4:00 to 6:00, City Council 

Chambers, Fourth floor, City Hall, Philadelphia.



Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., May 4.  Call Ken Berg, 410-

648-5961, for more information.



Deadline for May newsletter material:  Fri., May. 5, to Matthew Mitchell 

or in DVARP mailbox.



DVARP Transit Committee: Wed., May 10, 5:30 to 6:30 at 30th Street 

Station, south concourse exit opposite Post Office.  Call Bill Mulloy, 

215-222-3373, message box 1, for more information.



IEEE Vehicular Technology Society: Wed., May 10, 6:30 pm at Lebow 

Engineering Center, Drexel University, 31st & Market Sts.  Topic: Stray 

Electrical Currents.



NARP Region III Meeting:  Sat., May 13, 9:30 to 2:00 at DVRPC Offices, 

The Bourse, 5th and Market Sts, Philadelphia.  (Eighth floor, use 

elevators on 4th St. side of building.)  Registration $15.00 includes 

lunch: send check payable to Robert Machler to 9235 Convent Ave., 

Philadelphia 19114.  For more information, call Sharon Shneyer 215-386-

2644.  Optional field trip after meeting.



SEPTA Public Hearings on Proposed FY 1996 Operating Budget:  Mon., May 

15, 1:30 at Bucks County Courthouse, Doylestown;  Mon., May 15, 7:00 pm 

at Montgomery County Courthouse, Norristown; Tue., May 15, 1:30 at West 

Chester Area Senior Center; Mon., May 22, 1:30 at Delaware County 

Government Center, Media; Tue., May 23, 11:00 am and 5:00 pm at SEPTA 

Board Room, 714 Market St., Philadelphia.



SEPTA Public Hearing on Proposed FY 1996 Capital Budget:  Wed., May 24, 

10:00 am at SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St., Philadelphia.



DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Wed., May 17, 5:30, location to be 

announced: call John Pawson, 215-659-7736, between 6:00 and 9:00 pm for 

location and other information.  SEPTA RRD riders welcome.



DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., May 20, 11:00, at 104 Edison Ave., 

Collingswood NJ.



DVARP General Meeting: Sat., May 20, 1:00 to 4:00 at Temple University 

Center City, 1616 Walnut St., Philadelphia



Philadelphia Trolley Coalition: Meeting to be announced.  Call Chuck 

Bode, 215-222-3955 for information.



Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to 

confirm time & place.



Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.






DVARP Membership Coupon



Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  



Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1995!





Name          



Address     



City, State, Zip     



Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:



DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101



( ) Regular: $16.00      ( ) Family:  $20.00     ( ) Supporting: $25.00

( ) Sustaining: $50.00   ( ) Patron: $75.00      ( ) Benefactor: $100.00

( ) under 21 or over 65: $10.00     



Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services



DC Tunnel Reopens



A former DC Transit trolley tunnel under Dupont Circle has been reopened 

as a restaurant and food market, called RDupont Down Under.S



LIRR Buys Dual-Mode Engines



General Motors won a contract for 23 new locomotives for the Long Island 

Rail Road.  The DE30AC units will be able to operate either from their 

own diesel engines or from LIRRUs third-rail electrification.  This will 

allow trains to run direct from non-electrified lines to Penn Station.  

GM will assemble the units in Schenectady, NY.



GMUs entering the competition meant that the winning bid was only $2.75 

million per locomotive, a remarkably low price for a small order of 

passenger engines with all the high-tech features like AC drive plus the 

electric/diesel capability.  General Electric offered a version of the 

dual-mode engines it is building for Amtrak at $2.9 million each.



Susquehanna Service in Doubt



Though NJ Transit has reached agreement with the New York, Susquehanna, 

and Western over operation of a new commuter rail line in North Jersey, 

funding for the line has been cut from the state budget.  NYSWUs Walter 

Rich says the railroad is ready to move forward and complained about the 

stateUs Rlack of committment.S



NEC Station Status



Parking at Metropark has been limited to permit holders only while a new 

garage is being constructed.  Remote lots with shuttle buses have been 

set up, but they may not be enough to meet demand.  NJ Transit has again 

had to put off rebuilding the Rahway station.  They blame Amtrak for not 

completing necessary track work.  Further up the Corridor, construction 

on the Kearney Connection is making progress, but the link between the 

Morris and Essex Lines and Penn Station will not open till 1996.



DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory



   DVARP main number (voice mail line)      215-222-3373



1  Bill Mulloy, Transit Committee      215-222-3373

2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.      215-659-7736

     (6 to 9 pm please)

3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor       215-885-7448

4  John Dawson, Amtrak Committee      215-222-3373

5  Sharon Shneyer, External Affairs      215-386-2644

6  Robert H. Machler, Vice President      215-222-3373

7  Bill Ritzler, South Jersey Committee      609-869-0020

9  Don Nigro, President      609-869-0020

   Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator     215-222-3373

   Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator     215-232-6303



Computer e-mail (internet)     dvarp@libertynet.org



World-Wide Web     http://libertynet.org/~dvarp/dvarp.html






