                   The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

                           Electronic edition

                              March  1993

                             Vol. XI, No. 3

 

      Published  by the  Delaware Valley  Association of  Railroad

      Passengers  in  the  interest of  continued,  improved,  and

      expanded rail service for the present and potential railroad

      and  rail transit  passengers of  southeastern Pennsylvania,

      southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.

 

      The electronic  edition is available from  the RAILROAD list

      archives.    For  more   information  about   accessing  the

      electronic edition, or if  you have comments or suggestions,

      e-mail Matthew Mitchell at

 

                      BITNET: IEKP898@TJUVM

                    INTERNET: IEKP898@TJUVM.TJU.EDU

 

      We encourage you to  join our organization.  Members receive

      a hard  copy version of  this newsletter, including  all the

      pictures and graphics.

 

      For  more information  about  DVARP and  good rail  service,

      please contact us:

 

                    P. O. Box 7505

                    Philadelphia, PA  19101

 

                    Phone: (215) 222-3373

 

                    President: Chuck Bode

 

 

**** Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger *************************

 

1   X2000 in service: more pictures on pages 12-13

2   Suspicious fire at Cheltenham, bus & train operators plan multiple

      schedule changes.

3   RailWorks shutdown impending: hopes for alternate service fade

4   On the Railroad Lines:  Fatal accidents, Why shut the railroad to

      cut brush?

    SEPTA has edifice complex at Temple U., Newtown privatization

      in slow motion.

6   Transit News:  Low bid for MFSE cars may be dumped.

7   South Jersey Update:  AC to 30th OK'd, DVARP, NJ-ARP set up joint

      task force.

8   City Councilwoman arrested in subway.

9   Support grows for restored West Trenton-Newark service.

10  SEPTA budget and statistics, new proposal for SEPTA HQ, Hayward

      becomes Board Chairman

13  Ride the Stony Creek train!

14-15  Dates of Interest, Up and Down the Corridor, DVARP Directory

 

 

               entire contents copyright (C) 1993 DVARP,

             except photos (C) 1993 credited photographers

 

 

      Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are

      not necessarily those  of DVARP or its  members.  We welcome

      your comments: call 215-222-3373

 

 

**** X2000: The Future is Here ************************* Chuck Bode ****

 

   Amtrak  began revenue  service with  the leased  Swedish X2000  train

February 1  (see schedule  in February  DVRP).  Prior  to that  debut, a

series of test runs and then a  series of press runs were made.  Some of

the test runs  were between Philadelphia and Harrisburg  where the X2000

demonstrated  its ability  to  operate around  curves  much faster  than

Amtrak's present  cars.  DVARP was  privileged to  be on the  January 27

press run so that we can present this report to our members.

 

                            Technical Facts

 

   The X2000  is one  of several  options being  evaluated by  Amtrak to

reduce travel  time on the curvy  route between Boston and  New York.  A

German ICE train,  used on the new dedicated high  speed lines there, is

expected to be tested here later this year.  Spanish and Canadian trains

have been  tested in the  past few  years.  Following the  tests, Amtrak

will  develop  specifications  for  the  next  generation  of  Northeast

Corridor trains, based on the results of the tests.

 

   The X2000 is  built by ABB Traction and several  have been in service

since 1990 on Swedish State Railways.  It operates between Stockholm and

Gothenburg, where  it reduced travel time  from 4 hours 30  minutes to 2

hours 59 minutes.  The reduction  in travel time increased rail's market

share from 38 to 52 percent.  The  main advantage cited for X2000 is its

ability  to accomplish  these improvements  without requiring  expensive

dedicated  routes.

 

   Three technical features are cited  as advances: radial self steering

trucks, active carbody tilting, and  AC propulsion.  AC propulsion might

be new in some areas, but it has been used here since the Paoli line was

electrified in  1915-of course,  old propulsion  systems were  much less

sophisticated.  (continued on page 11)

 

 

**** Schedule Change Alert *********************************************

 

   Daylight Time begins April 4.  Expect changes in SEPTA and NJ Transit

train and  bus schedules.  Amtrak  and NJT Atlantic City  schedules will

not change until May.

 

   Remember RailWorks(R) service disruptions will  resume on May 2.  see

page 2 for details

 

 

**** Cheltenham Fire: The Thoughtful Arsonist ******** Tom Borawski ****

 

   The 100  year-old Cheltenham  station on  the R8  Fox Chase  Line was

destroyed by  fire on Thursday,  February 4th.   Arson is listed  as the

cause.  Strangely enough, the Inquirer reports, SEPTA officials met with

MontCo officials to  "discuss the possibility of razing  the station and

replacing it with a trailer" on the previous day.

 

   The Inquirer story  noted that the fire started in  a storage section

of the  building and was reported  at 12:22 am.  The  arsonist was quite

thoughtful in  choosing a time  to torch  the station which  would least

affect operations: the last train passed at 11:38.

 

   Cheltenham Station may  have been a victim of the  terms SEPTA offers

in its  "lease and maintain"  program for  stations.  Is a  charred ruin

preferable to  "giving away the  store?" Even  if SEPTA doesn't  get top

dollar for the leases, the  Authority benefits from having people coming

and going at the stations.  Likewise, most of the shops at the remodeled

69th  St.   Terminal  remain  vacant  years  after  the  renovation  was

completed.

 

   Anyone having information regarding  the thoughtful arsonist is urged

to call the Fire Marshal at (215) 592-5962.-TB

 

 

**** Schedule Changes: Apr., May ***************************************

 

   Daylight time  begins April 4.   While Amtrak is delaying  its spring

schedule  change  until May,  (rumors  have  it that  labor  negotiation

problems prompted  the delay)  new timetables will  take effect  on most

SEPTA and NJT  commuter rail lines, and all SEPTA  city and suburban bus

and trolley routes.

 

   The May Amtrak changes will also affect the commuter agencies who use

Amtrak's trackage.   Some lines like  the R2 Wilmington and  R7 Trenton,

and NJ Transit's Northeast Corridor  Line will have revised schedules in

both  April and  May,  while  the extension  of  Atlantic City  commuter

service to  Philadelphia will be  delayed until May.  NJT  changed their

Northeast Corridor  timetable on Jan.   31.  Minor changes were  made to

schedules of most Northeast Philadelphia bus routes last month.  Running

times of  some buses  were speeded up,  a few trips  were cut,  and late

night service retimed.  The seasonal boost  in Route 1 and 14 service to

the IRS processing center also went  into effect.  Major changes to city

bus routes take effect in April.  (page 6)

 

   Make sure you have updated timetables!  You can pick them up at SEPTA

customer service locations at 841 Chestnut and 15th and Market concourse

level.  Railroad schedules are available  at all stations, while you can

call  580-7777 and  leave  your schedule  request  on SEPTA's  answering

machine.

 

   The  second  RailWorks  train  shutdown  will  begin  May  2.   Start

investigating alternate routes  now!  Remember that if  you are changing

to City  or Suburban Transit routes,  you can use a  lower-zone pass; if

you get your pass by mail or from your employer, change your order.

 

 

**** Hopes for RailWorks(R) Alternative Fade ** by Matthew Mitchell ****

 

   With only two  months to go before contractors  resume the rebuilding

of SEPTA's commuter rail trunk, SEPTA  must stop stalling and act now if

it  is to  run  the  direct service  alternative  for  the thousands  of

commuters affected by the service shutdown.

 

   DVARP continues  to press at  all levels for  an end to  the stalling

tactics which have prevented a  evaluation of the alternate service plan

on its own merits.

 

   Without the direct service, SEPTA  stands to lose millions of dollars

in fare revenue  during and after the shutdown and  spend an unknown but

great sum of  money to carry more passengers on  the Broad Street Subway

than  it has  trains  for;  engendering ill  will  among  both city  and

suburban riders.  These unanticiapted costs were described more fully in

December's DVRP special issue titled "RailWorks in Review."

 

   While SEPTA management  insists that diesel service  would be totally

unworkable, they have OKed an NRHS  excursion trip over the DVARP detour

route and even through the Center City tunnel.  (see page 13) If run and

marketed properly, alternate service would pay for itself.

 

   A  preliminary  engineering study  commissioned  by  DVARP says  that

solutions to all the problems SEPTA cites are readily available.  Though

SEPTA says it  can't get sufficient time windows on  the Conrail tracks,

DVARP has found  and brought to their attention a  Federal law mandating

access.

 

   Scheduling shouldn't be  a problem, DVARP had a  proposed schedule on

the table over a year ago.  Crews shouldn't be a problem either; despite

the total shutdown of three lines last summer, no crews were furloughed.

Equipment can be obtained on lease  or in trade with Amtrak, NJ Transit,

MARC,  and  other  nearby  operators.   All-volunteer  DVARP  has  found

solutions to  all these potential  problems, yet SEPTA issists  it can't

make the service work?

 

                  RailWorks Tips Available from DVARP

 

   Surviving the Shutdown, the DVARP guide published last year, is still

available.  In it you'll find a map of City Hall subway station and tips

on  how to  avoid  crowds and  get  to your  destination  as quickly  as

possible.  You'll also  get money-saving alternatives to  paying $100 or

more to ride the subway, and  a rundown on fare-handling procedures.  To

get your  copy of  the RailWorks guide,  send a  stamped, self-addressed

envelope to DVARP, Box 7505, Philadelphia, 19101.

 

                  Yet Another Alternate Service Model

 

   Twenty-four years  ago, British Rail  was faced with the  decision to

either renovate or eliminate 100 year old Broomhouse Tunnel, on the main

line between Chesterfield  and Sheffield.  It was  decided to completely

dismantle the  tunnel and replace  it with a  deep cut.  The  line would

have to be closed for 3 weeks in August and September 1969.

 

   But British Rail devised an alternate  route around the tunnel at the

outset.  Between north-east and  south-west routes, trains were diverted

from Rotherham to Chesterfield via  the "Old Road" line.  Trains between

Sheffield Midland to London St.   Pancras were detoured via Nunnery Jct.

and Tapton Jct.  The worst a passenger would have to endure was a change

of  trains at  Rotherham for  north-east and  south-west connections  to

Sheffield Midland: certainly more  acceptable than what SEPTA passengers

faced last summer.-TB

 

 

**** On the Railroad Lines... ******************************************

 

                R3 Poor Holiday Service Irritates Board

 

   SEPTA Board members Edmund Jones  and Stewart Cades gave Railroad AGM

Jim  Palmer the  third degree  in December's  Board meeting.   They were

infuriated over RRD's  decision to shut down R3 Media  train service the

Saturday after Thanksgiving,  a day when shoppers flock  to Center City.

Jones questioned the need for any  shutdown at all, considering that the

work was  being done  not on the  track or catenary  itself, but  on the

concrete piers of the catenary supports.

 

   The severe  curtailment of  service in  the Saturday  schedules which

were run the  day after Thanksgiving was also cited  by Cades as another

example of  management shooting  the railroad in  the foot.   Dick Voith

added that top management failed to focus on the "nitty-gritty" everyday

needs of the passengers.  Palmer offered to meet with the Board members,

while Lou Gambaccini offered the tired excuse of no money.

 

              R5 Doylestown Down:  A Tale of Two Projects

 

   It  was the  best of  reconstruction projects,  It was  the worst  of

routine maintenance.   Two vital railroad activities:  bridge rebuilding

and  brush cutting.   See if  you can  guess: One  will require  daytime

off-peak shuttle bus operation for two  weeks on the Warminster Line and

two months  on the  Doylestown line.   The other  will require  only two

weekends of service interruptions on the Reading mainline.

 

   Two months for the bridge?  Wrong.

 

   First the  good news.  SEPTA  is replacing  the abutments of  the Old

York  Road  bridge  (Bridge  9.49)  in  what  appears  to  be  the  most

passenger-friendly manner  possible.  The  Old York Road  bridge project

required only two weekends of shuttle  bus operation, February 27 28 and

March 6 7.   While the shuttle buses  are a pain, this is  an case where

their use is unavoidable and has been minimized to the greatest possible

extent.

 

   Now  the  bad news.   SEPTA  announced  a two  week  daytime/off-peak

suspension of rail service on  the R2 Warminster Line between Warminster

and Glenside and a two month  suspension of mid-day rail service between

Doylestown and  Lansdale.  The purpose  of the shutdown was  cutting any

trees  which are  too close  to the  tracks or  power lines  along these

single tracked lines.   To commemorate the scale of  this project, we've

named it "LumberWorks."

 

   But seriously, we say the shutdown is unreasonable, so it was brought

to  the  attention  of  the  Operating Committee  of  the  SEPTA  Board.

Chairman Richard  Voith, was unaware of  the shutdown.  On top  of this,

the committee  had just  voted on  the contracts  for the  brush cutting

services  and apparently  no  mention of  a shutdown  was  given in  the

contract staff summary.   Railroad boss James Palmer is on  the hot seat

now.

 

                        309 Construction in '94

 

   PennDOT plans to rebuild most of Route 309 beginning in 1994 with the

section in  north of Route 63  in Montgomery Township.  Phase  II of the

project  will   rebuild  the  dangerous  and   decayed  Fort  Washington

Expressway.

 

   With construction constraining  the capacity of the road,  it will be

important to intercept commuters before they reach 309.  Some congestion

mitigation money is likely to be  used for a park-and-ride station where

309   intersects  the   Doylestown   Line  at   Colmar.   Investing   in

Quakertown-Bethlehem  service  would be  a  wise  idea for  PennDOT,  if

they've learned that  more pavement only means  more traffic.  Restoring

the trains is cheaper than expanding the highway.

 

                         R6 New Rail Installed

 

   The Norristown  Line is continuing  to receive welded rail.   Work is

progressing  south of  Spring Mill  and past  Miquon.  According  to the

Times Herald, work will be done on  weekdays from 9:30 am to 3:30 am and

all day Saturday and Sunday.  Delays are expected.

 

   Crews  are installing  one Pandrol(TM)  clip set  per 4  ties.  Speed

appears to  be reduced but  track installation  will be quicker  and the

disruption will be minimized.  Another  example of SEPTA getting the job

done without resorting to shuttle busses.

 

                     R8 Linear Park or Parking Lot?

 

   Robert  Regensburger,  President  of  Newtown  Shortline  Railroad  &

Development Corp.,  broke the  news that  a thief has  made away  with a

chunk of the  Newtown Line right of  way.  Speaking at a  seminar of the

Bucks Hub  TMA, Regensburger showed  pictures of the missing  fill area,

150 feet wide.

 

   The rebid process for privatization of the Newtown Line appears to be

in  slow motion.   SEPTA's  Director of  Procurement  has postponed  the

proposal due date  from the 23rd of February: possibly  "another 45 days

or so."

 

   At the request of one  of the contractors, all communications between

Montgomery  Co.   and SEPTA  regarding  the  Newtown privatization  were

included with  the minutes.  Amongst  a long list of  criticisms, County

Planning  Director Arthur  Loeben  opposes  the use  of  SEPTA funds  to

provide  a 20%  match for  federal  Section 9  money.  So  we should  be

surprised?  Powerful landowners  don't need to lie down in  front of the

trains, they just call up a few pet politicians.

 

   In an  letter to the  Bucks County Courier-Times, Anders  Alfelt, the

Executive  Director of  the Newtown  Greenway Coalition,  criticized the

plans of another  potential contractor, Rodney Fisk of  Rail Easton.  He

used  the phrase  his group  uses  for the  Newtown Line  which bears  a

striking  resemblance  to  the  Township's description  of  its  traffic

dilemma.  The Newtown  Greenway Coalition calls the rail  line a "linear

park."  The  residents of  Newtown  Township  call their  roads  "linear

parking lots."

 

 

**3 Trespassers Struck, Killed

On the 20th of February, a 6 year-old boy was struck by an Airport Line train

at Melrose Park.  According to the Inquirer, the boy was described as

autistic.  The boy was flown to Children's Hospital where he was listed in

critical condition.

On the 8th, a Pennlyn man was killed when he tried to leave a moving train.

He was apparently caught between two cars.  An 87 year-old Hatfield man was

struck and seriously injured by an outbound R5 train Feb. 15th, crossing at

Walnut St. in Hatfield.

Association of American Railroads data says 521 trespassers were killed on

railroad tracks in 1991.  Don't be the next statistic!

*Safety Programs Gutted

A staffer at SEPTA expressed frustration with the fact that SEPTA cancelled

safety education programs at area schools several years ago when top

management focused all SEPTA public relations efforts on getting dedicated

funding to rebuild the system.  The only remaining programs were funded by

RailWorks money and targeted to the hazards of the North Philadelphia

construction zone.

While the safety prog rams were quite small, and may not have reached those

three persons who got in the way of moving trains last month, a small

investment in lesson plans and materials and some appearances by SEPTA

personnel leveraged a lot more help from teachers.

 

**Temple Station: $37 Million!

In an article in the alumni magazine of Temple University it was revealed that

the cost of the new Temple station is $37 Million.  According to the

magazine's breakout the school is contributing $300,000 while the federal

government is shelling out $36.7 Million.  Not a bad deal for the school. The

capital budget category, "Regional Rail-Facilities" has only 4 projects more

expensive than the Temple Station.  (see chart)

The station once again shows the systems approach in action.  The $37 million

is lost in a $300 million project, and no one's the wiser.

Meanwhile the RailWorks(R) PR machine is exhibiting the art which will be

placed in a mosaic at the station entrance to various corporations. It better

be Rembrandt quality for $37 million.

 

**Transit News Update

*MFSE     El Car Contract: Bargain or Brouhaha?

The low bid for the new Market-Frankford car fleet opened last month came from

Asea-Brown Boveri (ABB Traction) which offered to build the 220 cars for a

total of $285 million.  The cost of $1.3 million per car is considered a

bargain, but the deal may get ugly.

ABB is the contractor for the ill-fated N-5 Norristown cars, now two years

late and far from some of the key specifications.  Without fast resolution of

the N-5 disaster, ABB may be deemed a "non-responsible bidder" in which case

the contract would go to second-low bidder AEG Westinghouse, who bid $302 M.

The saga gets even more messy:  AEG Westinghouse is headquartered in

Pennsyl-vania (Pittsburgh) and is trying to use political clout to secure the

contract.  AEG representatives were in Philadelphia last week,, ready to make

their case to the SEPTA Board last week, while Philadelphia Business Journal

reports an AEG threat to pull out of the state if it doesn't get the contract.

Nationalism may also come into play; the two low bidders are both

multinational firms headquartered in Europe, while competitor Morrison-Kundson

is as all-American as any railcar maker is likely to be in this global

economy.  MK bid $381 million.  If mishandled by either SEPTA or the

politicians, the situation has the potential to mushroom into an embarrassment

like the LA Green Line car procurement, where anti-Japan outrage caused LACTC

to cancel a contract issued to Sumitomo.-MDM

*Elevated Lines:  The deterioration of track on the West Philadelphia El is

quite noticeable to people who ride it.

New schedules issued last month show the current evening bus service, but

don't tell passengers when they need to go to make a connection in Frankford.

 

*Trolleys Make More Friends

SEPTA has been working on the Chestnut Hill Trolley.  Two switches and short

sections of track were installed at Germantown Depot to permit storage of

three PCC cars there.  To celebrate Valentine's Day, Chestnut Hill Business

Association arranged for an accordion player and for complementary roses,

pastries, and Brendenbeck's bread for trolley riders.-MDM

 

*SSL     Construction Diversion

Routes 11, 13, and 36 will use the diversion route to 40th St. for the next

two months, as crews replace tracks around 40th & Woodland.  Normal subway

service on the 10 and 34 will remain in effect.  The track being replaced is

only a decade old; we have no explanation for its premature failure.

 

*SEPTA Reverses Depot Plan

Press reports indicate that SEPTA has decided to keep Luzerne Depot open.

Cost savings will be made by closing Germantown Depot as an operating depot

just what DVARP recommended last year!  This temporarily ends the threat of

loss of an operating base for resumption of streetcar service.  Unless the

depot is repaired to address the alleged problems, this could result in a

delayed closure becoming another excuse to delay the claimed future purchase

of new cars for resumption of operations.

 

**Transit Topics:  Route consolidations and changes which will take effect

next month include the extension of Route 40 and elimination of 85, shortening

of Route 68, merger of Routes 108 and U, and the package of major revisions

for South Philadelphia and Kensington affecting routes 5, 47, 50, 57, 73, 89,

and P.

 

**STD     Conrail Severs Potential Connection

The grade crossing of the Conrail Chester Valley Branch at Henderson Road in

King of Prussia has been removed.  DVARP has recommended that the P&W branch

to King of Prussia use this track instead of the Conrail Morrisville Line

(Trenton Cutoff) since the Chester Valley track gets closer to the business

district in King of Prussia.  It is vital for SEPTA to act now to preserve the

remaining right of way of the Chester Valley track, so it is not forced to use

an inferior routing for its projected line.

*Red Arrow Report:  Mid-day and weekend single track operations are causing

minor delays to Norristown service while track is replaced between Bryn Mawr

and Gulph Mills.

Suburban-on-Call wheelchair-lift bus service has a new number which hopefully

will make getting through a little easier.

Frontier Division schedules in Montgomery County changed in January for all

routes except 95.

 

**AC Line Gets Green Light!

Amtrak and the Delaware River Port Authority finally gave authorization for NJ

Transit to extend the Atlantic City commuter rail service to Philadelphia.

Service to 30th Street will begin in early May.

In exchange for allowing the NJ trains to serve 30th St., Amtrak extracted a

promise that NJT shuttle bus service will meet Amtrak trains as well as the

commuter trains.  DRPA was concerned that the NJT trains would draw passengers

away from its PATCO line service. Its more likely PATCO will gain passengers,

as the new service attracts more people to the rails and some of those people

have to return at times there is no commuter train.  These gains can be

maximized if PATCO makes an effort to further coordinate its fares and

schedules with those of the commuter trains.

 

**PATCO Goes Smoke-Free

Effective this month, smoking is prohibited at all PATCO stations as well as

on board the trains.  This includes the outdoor station platforms in New

Jersey.  The policy is now in line with that of the City of Philadelphia.

*NJ Newslines:  A DVARP "attaway" to PATCO's turnstile maintenance persons and

their managers.  Traveling lean and mean, they respond to radio calls by

getting on the next train instead of packing a truckload of tools and fighting

for a parking spot.  One individual even stopped to make change himself for a

customer who was waiting for him to fix the machine.  That's why PATCO's

ticket and change machines are rarely out of service, even in the Philadelphia

and Camden subways, while SEPTA's railroad ticket machines have been down

since 1991.

A revised PATCO schedule went into effect last month.  Watch station flyers

for weekend construction projects which may cut service frequency.

 

**Joint Effort in Jersey

With interest in new transit projects growing in southern New Jersey, our

sister organization New Jersey ARP has named Don Nigro its South Jersey

Coordinator.  Nigro holds the same post for DVARP.   The two organizations are

forming a joint task force to make recommendations for transit improvements in

a part of  our region which has often been overlooked by both organizations.

*News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, Chuck

Bode, Tom Borawski, Betsey Clark, Larry Joyce, Don Nigro, John Pawson.

 

**Do we need fareboxes?

In the August 1992 DVRP, after inspecting Baltimore's proof of payment fare

system, we asked how it might work here.  From Buffalo, Gordon Thompson wrote

to inform us of NFTA's experience.  Buffalo has had a 'proof of payment'

(random spot checks with heavy fines for passengers caught without a ticket or

pass) fare system on its light rail line since 1985.  Fare evasion is reported

to be less than on the buses with conventional fareboxes.  Thus, Gordon writes

"we conclude that it works well here and f ortifies our decision to employ the

system as a way to keep station designs simple and open...." (and reduce cost

while increasing safety)

This raises an interesting question.  Should SEPTA spend millions of dollars

for new bus and trolley fareboxes?  They cost money to buy, to repair, and to

empty daily.  They also slow service.  If there is less fare evasion without

fare boxes than with, then why not use 'proof-of-payment' instead?-CHB

 

**More Marketing Progress

The Daily News reported a nifty two day promotion that was carried out at the

Chestnut Hill East and West stations on Friday February 5th and 12th. A free

loaf of french bread was given to passengers at the station by a local baker.

The "baguette patrol" met PM rush hour trains.

DVARP will be contacting the store owner to see how the promotion worked out.

We'll also try to find out who made the first move, the businessperson or

SEPTA.  Whoever did may receive DVARP's Golden Croissant Award.-TB

Bulletin:  The weekend rail shutdown scheduled for March 6 and 7 was

postponed.  A new date for the completion of work at Elkins Park has not been

set yet; passengers should be alert for shutdown announcements, or call SEPTA

information before planning a weekend trip north of Fern Rock.

 

**Councilwoman in Subway Fracas

by Matthew Mitchell

The issue of homeless persons in SEPTA stations and other facilities has come

back again, creating another PR nightmare for SEPTA.  SEPTA Police arrested

City Councilwoman Jannie Blackwell (D-3) and an aide last month for allegedly

assaulting an officer and interfering with the eviction of homeless persons

from the concourse near 11th Street, an area where these persons often go to

drink and to sleep.  Blackwell was arrested on several misdemeanor offenses,

but the D.A.'s office has dropped all charges.  The Councilwoman meanwhile

turned around and alleged that she was mistreated by the police.

The handling of the incident by SEPTA and the D.A. is being criticized from

both sides:  citizens are outraged that the Councilwoman is appearing to get

special treatment, while there have been calls for the firing of the officers

and SEPTA's Chief of Police, Ronald Sharpe.  Regrettably, a few politicians

have tried to paint this as a racial incident, even though the homeless

persons who are evicted by police are of varying ethnic backgrounds and

SEPTA's police force includes many black members, including Chief Sharpe.

Without strong leadership from City government, this is a lose-lose deal for

SEPTA.  It's difficult to appear anything other than cold-hearted when

removing homeless persons from the subway, but if SEPTA permits them to foul

stations and trains with trash and human waste, thousands of hard-working

customers will stop using the system.  Poor and minority communities will be

especially harmed, as many of their members are unable to make necessary trips

any other way.  This isn't a Convention Center issue, it affects the

well-being of all of us who live, work, or play in the city.

Now more than ever, we must have a constructive alternative to letting

vagrants use transit facilities for sleeping and as toilets.  The homeless

persons in the stations and on the streets of Center City suffer

disproportionately from drug or alcohol addiction or a mental illness.  Their

diseases will get worse without treatment, and heavy drinking and life on the

streets cause other illness as well.  Handouts from well-intentioned citizens

rarely do anything but feed those addictions.  On the streets, the homeless

are easy prey for criminals, who find it easy to hide in their midst.  With

these facts in mind, it is hard to argue that leaving these people in the

stations is anything but inhumane.

We need to break the cycle of dependency with a program like "Operation

Alternative" which is in effect an the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New

York. (see Feb 92 DVRP)  Police work with social service personnel to get

people out of the station and into a shelter where they can get drug or

alcohol rehabilitation and begin the transition to a normal, dignified life.

Though the program sparked controversy at first, its success is undeniable.

Crime is way down and passengers are less harassed.  That saves money and

increases ridership: a win-win proposition.

 

**Stony Creek Line Reopens

A Commonwealth Court judge's silence allowed The Stony Creek Line to come back

into operation.  Conrail waited until February 19th before activating the line

to give the court the opportunity to halt the restart. A Conrail spokesman is

quoted in the Reporter as saying "it's the gentlemanly thing to do."

The first locomotive made the trip at 4 am Feb. 19.  While the segment from

Lansdale to the Rotelle siding has been active for some time, this first trip

traveled through areas which a year ago had saplings 3 inches thick growing

between the rails.

Two townships had filed a petition in Commonwealth Court to block the

reopening of the line until gates are installed at all crossings.  Judge

Bernard McGinley heard two hours of arguments from the townships and Conrail,

but did not hand down a decision.  Stephen Bosch, the attorney representing

the two townships, is quoted in the Reporter, "The main concern is a

visibility problem because without flashing lights and gates at these

intersections, it's going to be very difficult to see a train....why take a

chance?"

Neither Conrail nor the solicitors knew when the judge would hand down a

decision.  The Reporter notes that all crossing gates will be installed by

September.-TB

*Ride the Stony Creek Train!     see page 9

 

**New Backing for "Crusader"Route

by John Pawson

A decade after the demise of the last service on the line, there is reason to

hope that commuter train service north of West Trenton will resume in a few

years.  DVARP's Commuter Rail Committee heard from Roselle Park rail supporter

Art Reuben last month, and discussed possible services on the route of the old

Reading Crusader.

This lesser-known Philadelphia-New York rail passenger route competed with

more direct and faster service on the Pennsylvania which became Amtrak's

Northeast Corridor.  At one time, the Reading Company operated hourly

expresses via West Trenton from Reading Terminal to the Jersey City ferry

landing.  The Reading's fastest trains, the Wall Street and the Crusader, were

timed to serve commuters from the north suburbs of Philadelphia who ventured

to the Wall Street financial district.

By the mid-60s, however, all other trains on the route were discontinued.  In

May 1967, the trains were detoured to terminate at Newark Penn Station, adding

13 minutes to the trip to Wall St.  New Jersey DOT and (later) SEPTA picked up

the relatively small deficit of the trains' operation.

Nevertheless, SEPTA's determination to eliminate all diesel-powered commuter

service resulted in an abrupt end of service in July 1981.  NJ Transit

hurriedly arranged to run one of its Raritan Valley trains to West Trenton.

It was cut in December 1982 as a 'sacrificial lamb' in a budget crunch.  At

the end, some 290 persons rode the weekday round-trip, which reportedly cost

$319,000 annually to operate.

Now Somerset County is beset by increasing congestion on its trunk highway,

route 206.  The County asked a consultant to cost out a service restoration.

Start-up costs were estimated at $31 to 59 million, while annual operating

subsidy needs would be $1.5 million.  Subsequent revisions have cut these

figures.  Even though two-thirds of the potential users already use the trains

from Trenton and Princeton, the reduction in vehicle miles travelled, and

attendant benefits, would be significant.

In 1990, Rail Easton offered a proposal for private operation of the line, but

NJT was cool to the plan.  Meanwhile, Conrail single-tracked the line for most

of the distance north of West Trenton.  Welded rail has been installed on the

remaining track, for the use of the handful of through freight trains which

use the track now called the Trenton Line.  It is still signalled, and

passenger trains should be able to run over it at 60 to 79 mph.

During the last two years, support for th e service has been building.  At a

February 8 press conference, held at the West Trenton station, Congressman

Dick Zimmer spoke in support of the movement.  Joining him were several local

officials, including Bob Prunetti and Joe Constance of Mercer County and Mike

Pappas of Somerset County,

NJT's immediate contribution to the restored service will be the restoration

of the southbound umbrella shed at West Trenton to match the earlier private

restoration of the northbound station building, now an architects' office.

SEPTA is to maintain the southbound structure.

We understand NJT is also studying scheduling, stations, parking, and other

issues.  While through service into Pennsylvania may be fiscally remunerative

because of the many long-distance passengers it could draw, one can expect

that the initial service will end at West Trenton, because of the political

inconvenience of serving out-of-state residents and the fact that any through

service would involve SEPTA, which has shown a tendency to drag its feet on

new service initiatives.

The Commuter Rail Committee is mulling a range of possible New

Jersey-Pennsylvania options, including West Trenton Line service south to

Langhorne or Jenkintown, a connection to the 'Trenton Cut-off,' and a

park-and-ride station where I-295 crosses the tracks.  80 percent of the

people who now drive to Trenton to use NJ Transit trains reside in

Pennsylvania.  With the crowds of passengers there, NJT must pay Amtrak to

accommodate some of them.  West Trenton service would ease the traffic and

parking crunch now faced by New Jersey residents.

Unfortunately, Pennsylvanians who would use the service don't count in New

Jersey.  Both SEPTA and NJT must be impressed with a plan for through service

that citizens of both states will clamor for.  That plan doesn't exist now;

logically it is up to DVARP to create it.  Want to get involved?  Contact the

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee.

 

**SEPTA Optimistic on Closing Budget Gap

SEPTA Treasurer Feather Houstoun told the Board last month that SEPTA's fiscal

93 deficit after subsidies is running at 5.7 million dollars.  While savings

in administration and supply costs have been achieved, service can't be cut

any further without harmful consequences.  Apart from commuter rail cuts

mentioned elsewhere, City Transit service was supposed to face a 3% cut across

the board.  That cut has been deferred indefinitely, because even the present

service levels are causing overcrowded buses and trolleys, with frequent

'pass-ups' of waiting passengers.

However, the economy is on the rebound, and may lift SEPTA along with the rest

of the region.  Houstoun also outlined a concerted effort to reduce workers'

comp costs, similar to the multifaceted approach which has reined in out of

control claims payouts.  Former Chief of Operations Chuck Thomas is leading

this important effort.

Railroad, Transit Ridership Data

Financial statistics from the first half of SEPTA's fiscal year were released

in late January.  The long-term trend of decreasing ridership continued in

1992, except for suburban transit service.-MDM

*   SIX-MONTH RIDERSHIP (millions)

service  1992 1991 change

Railroad 9,258     10,974    -15.7%

Subway   25,920    27,416    -5.5%

CTD Surface   60,667    60,815    -0.2%

Red Arrow     6,403     6,230     +2.8%

Frontier 1,137     1,068     +1.9%

SEPTA TOTAL   103,385   106,503   -2.9%

Data from SEPTA Revenue and Passenger Analysis, provided courtesy of John

McGee

 

**New Prospect for SEPTA HQ

Feather Houstoun of SEPTA briefed DVARP last month on the status of

negotiations for a new headquarters building, and listened to DVARP concerns

about both the project itself and the process under which decisions about the

project were made.

Houstoun revealed that the owners of 1234 Market St. (the former PSFS

building) have made SEPTA an offer.  The building is reported to fulfill

SEPTA's specifications, including the controversial space for the new Railroad

Control Center.  DVARP contends that SEPTA can widen its search and possibly

strike a better office deal if the Control Center is located at Overbrook or

Wayne Junction instead of in Center City.

Houstoun explained a key advantage of the 'pad site' for a new building atop

the Gallery.  Though none of it is visible from the street, part of the

infrastructure for a new building is already there.  The Redevelopment

Authority, owners of the site, are likely to make it available to SEPTA at a

very favorable cost.  Also working in the Gallery's favor is the fact that

there are no land cost associated with it.

While some of the questions have been answered, DVARP is continuing to

investigate the matter, to ensure that the Office Consolidation Project takes

advantage of today's weak office market and adds efficiency instead of wasting

tax and fare dollars.-MDM

 

**Hayward Takes Board Helm

At their reorganizational meeting last month, the SEPTA Board elected Thomas

Hayward of Delaware County as Chairman, replacing Chester County's J. Clayton

Undercofler.  Hayward is an accountant who has long been active in County

business.

Undercofler was praised widely for his five years of calm stewardship

following the tumultous ousters of former Board Chairman Lewis Gould and GM

Bill Stead.  Andrew Warren of Bucks Co. referred to Undercofler as "the mortar

that held [SEPTA] together."

The transition was not all sweetness and light, though.  In nominating

Hayward, gub-ernatorial appointee Pat McCormick suggest-ed that the Hayward

election was the product of a behind the scenes agreement between Delaware Co.

[read: Senate Minority Leader Joe Loeper] and influential city Senator Vince

Fumo, and failed to acknowlege any Board role in the decision, a political

Freudian slip.

In explaining his abstention from the vote to confirm Hayward, Warren warned

of the threat of politicization turning SEPTA into a patronage mill and pork

barrel.  There is a fine line between the Board's vital policy-setting role

and undue politicial meddling.  We hope Tom Hayward can draw that line, and

keep the Board on the right side of it.-MDM

 

**SEPTA to Shift Capital Budget Year

In a briefing for DVARP representatives, SEPTA Treasurer Feather Houstoun

revealed that the authority will now synchronize its Capital Budget and

Operating Budget years as a first step in unifying budget and planning

process.  DVARP applauded the move, which it had asked for last year, but not

all of DVARP's reform proposals have been adopted yet.

While the timetable is new, the rest of the planning process is not much

different yet.  However, Houstoun hopes future budgets will do a better job

recognizing the link between capital and operating spending-MDM

 

**Amtrak Takes the Gloves Off

Amtrak's latest marketing campaign strikes a direct forceful blow against the

railroad's leading competition:  the private car.  Radio spots compare the

ease of the train with the hassle of driving, and deflate some of the myths

paid for with millions and millions of dollars of ads by the auto and gasoline

industries.  We endorse the campaign wholeheartedly.

With traffic jams a daily nuisance for thousands of area commuters, perhaps

SEPTA should bring back the Red Arrow slogan:  "It's work to drive: why drive

to work?"-MDM

 

**X2000     continued from page 1

Compared to rigid frame trucks generally used, radial self steering trucks

have two advantages: reduced angle of attack on the rail and reduced rail and

wheel wear.  Trucks used on nearly all rail cars to date attempt to hold the

axles parallel inside the trucks.  This is the optimum situation for straight

track, but causes problems on curves.  Wheel flanges rub against the rail in

sharp curves and try to climb over the rail (derail) on all curves.  Available

technology was unable to produce a reliable, cost effective steering truck in

the past.

The X2000 holds the axles in a shallow "V" shaped arrangement of elastic

elements that function both as a spring and to allow the axles freedom to

attain the radial position on curves.  One benefit is less wear on flanges and

rails and reduced fuel consumption.  Of more immediate benefit to passengers

is the ability to travel faster through cu rves because of the reduced

tendency to derail.

Unlike the previous features which are hidden from view, carbody tilting is

immediately evident to observant passengers.  When a vehicle goes around

curves, forces tend to tip both the vehicle and its passengers to the outside.

 Travelling too fast can cause the vehicle to tip over, as many bad drivers

have discovered.  However, under normal conditions passenger discomfort occurs

far before the danger point.  This means that curves can be traversed faster

if some means is developed to tilt the vehicle inward.  Both roads and

railroad tracks are banked to enable some speed increase.  But banking the

track is limited by two factors:  the increased weight applied to the inside

rail and the possibility of a slow freight train tipping over toward the

inside of the curve.  The very steep banking of the Norristown High-Speed

Line's track was possible because of the light weight of the 'Bullet' cars.

Attempts to build a successful tilting train date at least back to the 1930s.

Like the steering truck, material and technology available have prevented

development of reliable and cost effective systems in the past.

The X2000 uses a computer to control hydraulic cylinders which tilt the

carbody.  The amount of tilt depends on the train's speed and the amount of

curvature in the track.  The tilting system enables the X2000 to go 125 mph

around curves normally rated at 100 mph.  The tilt does not completely offset

the force of the curve.  Although that is possible, testing has shown that

passengers become uncomfortable when they sense they are level while they see

the ground at an angle.  Thus, the train only tilts 70% of the full amount.

Even so, talking to passengers indicated that a few were somewhat affected if

they looked out a window after the train was in a curve.  While an observant

passenger looking for it can notice the extra tilt in a curve, it isn't

usually noticeable.

The train being used by Amtrak includes an electric locomotive, three coaches,

a food service car, and a cab car.  The cab car includes regular seating and

wheelchair space as well as driving controls.

*The passenger's view

While X2000 brings European style to us, Amtrak's future trains may look and

feel more like its current ones.  As change may be disconcerting to regular

riders, Amtrak is surveying passengers to ensure acceptance of new features

before specifying them in a production order.

Riding both the X2000 and Amfleet II the same day produced the subjective

impression that the X2000 was somewhat quieter and smoother riding.

The train in service here is in an all first class configuration, with 2+1

seating.  Some of the cars had glass-enclosed four seat com-partments that

enable groups to have private meetings.  Glass partitions divide the coaches

into smaller saloons; one of which can be designated a smoking area.  Both

telephone and fax service are available, but located along the aisle near the

door. (Amfleet phone booths with their counter for papers look more useful.)

Power outlets are available for personal computers.  The car ends have a

display that shows speed, next station, and similar information.

An interesting feature is a built in wheelchair lift, which fit in a vestibule

only slightly larger than normal.  This feature could save considerable cost

over building ramps at every station.  In addition it is at hand should the

need to leave the train between stations arise.

Because the car is not as tubular, the interiors seen more spacious than

Amfleet coaches.  Windows are much larger too.  A noticeable result is that

passengers can see out the windows on both sides.  All seats have a table, but

in most cases this results in facing pairs (common practice in Europe) so that

half the passengers ride backwards.  The table edge folds upward to make

getting into the seat easier.

Each seat arm has a headset jack; the train has three channels of audio

entertainment much like an airplane.  Unfortunately, train passengers move

about more than airplane passengers and the headset cords seemed to be a

nuisance hanging out into the aisle.  Bus operators are now testing cordless

headsets, which may be a better idea.  Controls for the reading lights are in

the seat arm.

Overhead luggage racks are much smaller than American ones-hardly useful for

more than a coat or briefcase.  Items are less securely restrained in the

rack, which can cause a safety hazard.  The publicity brochure suggested

stowing bags between seat backs, a place not available on American trains

where all seats face forward.

One car has a food sales area and a few  tables.  Each of the other cars has a

small area that stores a cart that an attendant uses to sell drinks and

snacks, so that passengers do not have to go to the cafe car so often.

Walking through a moving train, passing other passengers, and dealing with the

doors seems to be difficult for many passengers.  Having food service in each

car ought to be a big hit.

*Where do we go from here?

As reported above, Amtrak hopes to use the new technology to decrease New York

City to Boston travel time.  X2000 technology could have local benefits, too.

Amtrak's Pennsyl-vanian spends much of its time crawling around curves.  An

increase from 25 to 35 mph in the mountains and similar increases elsewhere

might cut trip time by an hour.

Then there are SEPTA's slow Regional Rail trains.  Some study may be warranted

to see if the latest technology could shave a few minutes off schedules.

Streetcars might be quieter with steering trucks, and a 25% increase from say

8 to 10 mph around curves could be useful in some places. Finally, could buses

avoid the need to slow so much on turns if they had active tilting?  Slow

speeds put public transportation at a competitive disadvantage.  Investigation

of more uses for this technology ought to be warranted.

Amtrak has gone to considerable effort and expense to bring this train here,

test it, and get passenger reaction.  Several press, travel agency, elected

officials, and employee trips have been operated.  This positive effort to get

word out that the United States can have trains as good as vacationers

remember from Europe is commendable.

DVARP members are encouraged to ride the X2000, and ICE when it gets here.

Let Amtrak know what you think, so future train designs can benefit from your

suggestions.

 

**DVARP Gears Up Spring/ Summer Petition Drive

Last year DVARP collected thousands of signatures at various neighborhood

fairs and festivals, to protest the announced cuts in service.  With SEPTA's

deficit growing ever higher ($5.7 million as of January), DVARP must take

steps to ensure cuts come out of fat, not service.  While SEPTA CFO Feather

Houstoun reported that four million dollars in materials savings have been

found to cut the deficit, it certainly will not hurt to gather signatures in

case those savings turn into service cuts. Please make plans this summer to

help us out.  Taste every variety of funnel cake available in the civilized

world while helping to save our rail/transit lines and to restore our trolley

lines.-TB

 

**Lautenberg: Fund ISTEA Fully for Economic Stimulus

Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ) introduced supplemental appropriations

legislation to increase Federal spending on transit to the full $5.2 billion

authorized under ISTEA legislation.  Transit agencies would get an additional

$1.4 billion for capital investment while $540 would go to Amtrak for the

Northeast Corridor and to help pay for compliance with new Federal laws.

The 62% funding of ISTEA initiatives holds an important lesson in the workings

of the Federal government.  Merely winning pass-age of a program isn't enough.

 The program can be gutted by Congressional failure to provide the needed

funds or an Executive decision to not spend those funds.-MDM

 

**NRHS Passenger Excursion

You can get a firsthand look at the Stony Creek Branch, along with other

pieces of trackage with potential for revived passenger service, next month

when the National Railroad Historical Society Philadelphia Chapter holds its

"Stony Creek Ramble."

The chartere d train will consist of SEPTA's two RL1 diesel locomotives and

Bombardier coaches.  It will depart 30th Street at 9:45 am, travelling over

the RailWorks detour route to Lansdale, then north to Telford on the Bethlehem

Running Track.  Passengers can board at Jenkintown at 10:15 or Lansdale at

12:30.  Returning to Lansdale, the train will go down the Stony Creek track to

Norristown, returning to 30th St. over the R6 line, including the Center City

Tunnel.  Arrival will be at 5:00 pm.

This plan to operate through the tunnel comes as a revelation to DVARP, which

had been told by SEPTA time and time again that diesel-powered trains in the

tunnel were out of the question.  The plans also give the lie to SEPTA's

contention that the RailWorks detour route is too slow.  Though SEPTA told us

that trains would need 50 minutes from Jenkintown to 30th Street, the NRHS

train will make it in only 30 minutes, just what DVARP said it would!

Tickets are $35.00; send a stamped self-addressed envelope with your order to

NRHS, P.O. Box 7302, Philadelphia 19101.  For more information, call Larry

Eastwood of NRHS, 215-947-5769 between 7 and 10 pm only.

 

**Area Underrepresented in State Transportation Comms.

Despite the fact that they make up close to a third of the members of the

Pennsylvania House and Senate, representatives from Philadelphia and the SEPTA

counties hold only 5 of the total 35 appointments to their Transportation

Committees

Shockingly, there are no Philadelphia members at all on the House

Transportation Committee.  Allegheny Co., which has fewer representatives than

Philadelphia, holds 5 of the 24 seats.  Suburban members on the Committee are

Thomas Druce (R-Bucks), Anthony Melio (D-Bucks), and Martin Laub (R-Mont.).

In the Senate Transportation Committee, the only City member is Frank Lynch

(D) and the only suburban member is Earl Baker (R-Chester).

Under legislative rules, only Committee members are permitted to question

witnesses like PennDOT head Howard Yerusalim in budget hearings.  When

car-oriented state policies tilt even further towards more high-ways and

pollution, you'll know why.-MDM

 

**Pennsylvania Amtrak Service Threatened

Bus and highway lobbyists are pressuring Governor Casey to veto all

Commonwealth funds for support of Amtrak trains.  If 403b funding is dropped,

Keystone Corridor service between Philadelphia and Harrisburg will be slashed

to near useless levels, while the proposed second daily Pennsylvanian and new

Amtrak service from New York to Allentown and Harrisburg will die aborning.

A big problem is that Amtrak has always considered the Harrisburg service an

unwanted stepchild.  However, Amtrak is unwilling to cut a reasonable deal to

transfer the service to the Commonwealth or to SEPTA, who are the more logical

operators of what is a commuter rather than intercity service.  Will a threat

to end service cause the dispute to finally be resolved?-MDM

 

**Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban Station

or Market East Station.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed., Mar. 10, 7:00 pm at 23 Moore School,

Univ. of Pennsylvania, 33rd and Walnut  Topic: High Capacity Signalling for

the Northeast Corridor.  info: Harvey Glickenstein, 215-569-1795

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Mar. 13, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121

Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues, Mar. 16, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board Room,

714 Market St., Phila.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Mar. 17, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 to

5:30 pm at 69th St., 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Mar. 20, 12:30 to 3:00 pm at Lansdowne (Delaware

Co.) Library.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Mar. 25, 3:00, SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St.,

Third Floor, Philadelphia.

NARP Region III Meeting:  Sat., Mar 27 at Station Square, Pittsburgh.  See

January DVRP for details.  Registration information: KARP, P.O. Box 126,

Pitcairn, PA  15140-0126.

DVARP Light Rail Committee:  Sat., Mar. 27, 12:00 at Chestnut Hill Trolley

Loop.

New Jersey Transportation Conference:  "2001, A Transportation Odyssey" March

30, 31 at Trump Plaza Hotel, Atlantic City.  Registration: TransAction Conf.,

c/o Morris County DOT, P.O. Box 900, Morristown, NJ  07963

IEEE Power Engineering Section:  Trends in Electrified Transportation.  Wed.,

Mar. 31, 12:00 at PECO Energy Hall, 2301 Market St.  reservations: call Steve

Lapidus 609-985-4911 or Barney Adler 215-841-4741.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thurs., Apr. 1, 6:30 pm at Wilmington

Station, Stationmaster's Office.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

DVARP Transit Committee:  Wed. Apr. 7, 5:15 to 6:30 pm at Jefferson Alumni

Hall, 1020 Locust St., Philadelphia.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Apr. 10, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121

Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

Pennsylvania Association of Mass Transportation Authorities Annual Meeting:

Apr. 12-15 at Hershey.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society:  Wed., Apr. 14, 7:00 pm at 23 Moore School,

University of Pennsylvania, 33rd and Walnut.  Topic: Automatic Equipment

Identification.

DVARP/NJ-ARP South Jersey Task Force:  Sat., Apr 17, 10:00 am at Collingswood,

NJ.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Apr 17, 12:00 to 3:00 pm at Lansdale (Montgomery

Co.) Library.

NRHS Philadelphia Chapter "Stony Creek Ramble:"  Sun. Apr. 25, departs 30th

St. 9:45 am, Jenkintown 10:15 am.  Trip will include DVARP RailWorks Detour

Route, Lansdale-Telford, Stony Creek Branch. Tickets: $35.00  Information and

reservations: call 947-5769 evenings 7:00 to 10:00 only.

RailWorks resumes May 2.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm

time & place.

 

 

**Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

*PATH Comes Back Quickly

Although the World Trade Center bombing caused significant damage to PATH's

basement-level station there, the Port Authority got its trains back running

in time for the morning rush, thanks to good contingency planning and a heroic

effort by management and workers.

The bomb which went off in the building's parking garage caused a ceiling

collapse and other damage in the station; the second calamity to be weathered

by PATH in three months (record floods hit Hoboken in December)  Is it too

early to nominate PATH and its management for a national award?

*Metro-North Plans Park Ave. Repairs

Project management contracts have been let for the repair of Metro-North's

Park Avenue Viaduct, the railroad's trunk in Upper Manhattan.  The structure

suffers from deferred maintenance, just like SEPTA's Ninth Street viaduct, but

unlike SEPTA, MNCR will maintain full service while repairing the bridges.

*DC Metro Ridership Record

Parade-goers and Clinton well-wishers set a ridership record Inauguration Day

on the Washington Metro.  Over 800,000 people took Metro trains that day.

Management's "battle plan" boosted service to meet the anticipated demand, and

put managers at key points to make decisions and keep service flowing

smoothly.  WMATA is the second Northeastern transit agency to achieve a record

daily ridership for a special event: Boston did so last summer for a

waterfront festival.

*Boston Mulls Blue Line Extension

Officials in Boston are considering extension of the Blue Line northeast to

Lynn.  An old right of way is available, while the current use of both third

rail and overhead power on the line eliminates the need for costly grade

separation.

*PAT Reopens Surface Trolley

Pittsburgh's Route 52 trolley will be back in service soon.  The "over the

top" line which bypasses the South Hills tunnel has undergone major repairs.

Compiled from BITNET,Railpace

 

 

**Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, March 20, 12:30 to 3:00 Lansdowne (Delaware Co.)

R3 train leaves Suburban Stn. at 12:15, walk south 1 block from station  (or

take 113 bus)

Saturday, April 17, 12:30 to 3:00 Lansdale (Montgomery Co.)

Saturday, May 15, 1:00 to 4:00    Collingswood, NJ

 

*Agenda for the March meeting:

12:30 introductions, agenda, minutes

12:45 Issues requiring immediate action:

RailWorks(R): shutdown II

report for NARP Region III meeting

1:30 Other business:

Commuter Rail Committee:

    West Trenton

South Jersey:

    Mt. Holly & Ocean City rights--of-way

    Atlantic City-Philadelphia opening

Transit Committee:

    Homeless persons in subway

2:00  General:

    SEPTA Operating Budget

    SEPTA Capital Budget

    Administration, copier

*Committee Meetings:

Light Rail Committee:  Sat., Mar. 27, 12:00 noon

meet at Chestnut Hill trolley loop for inspection trip, meeting to follow

Bring your SEPTA pass or $2.00 trolley fare

Transit Committee:  Wed., Mar 31, 5:15 to 6:45

at Jefferson Alumni Hall, 1020 Locust St. (first floor cafeteria)

Topic:  Subway-elevated extension

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Apr. 3, 12:00 to 2:00

at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 Chestnut St.  note new location!

Topics:  call DVARP Voice Mail, 215-222-3373, message box 2.

South Jersey Task Force:  Sat., Apr. 17 at Collingswood, NJ.

 

                               ** End **


