The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

August  1993

Vol. XI, No. 8



Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in 

the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the 

present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of 

southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.



For more information about DVARP & good rail service, please contact us:

P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA  19101

215-222-3373   internet: iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu



We encourage electronic edition readers to join DVARP and support our 

efforts to improve public transit.  Members receive the printed copy of 

this newsletter, along with other benefits.  Introductory membership for 

the remainder of 1993 is $10.00 



*DVARP Membership Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  

Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1993!    

Name

Address

City, State, Zip

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:

DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00 (  ) Family:  $20.00(  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00(  ) Patron: $75.00(  ) Benefactor: $100.00

(  ) Introductory rate-new members only: $10.00





**Schedule Change Alert:  Route 100 schedules will change August 16

  Certain Frontier Division bus schedules changed last month



**Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger.

1  Michigan ARP, passengers like you save Ambus service, 

     tell Congress: Hands Off Amtrak!

2  Singel scratches "Cross-County Metro" 

3  RailWorks Roundup:  PR and marketing spending to be upped, 

     FR parking squeeze worsens.

4  On the Railroad Lines:  R2 Newark coming?  

     Newtown Short Line drops bid, learn how RRD works.

5  Transit News:  NHSL service will speed up, 

     Trolley celebration in October, Route 211 saved.

7  More byzantine SEPTA HQ doings.  

     Will Kravco, King of Prussia become more transit-friendly?

8  Pro-car group claims DVARP support, DVARP demands retraction.

     SEPTA contractor revealed as director of highway lobby group.

10 DVARP, NJDOT exchange letters on Mt. Holly right of way.

12 Feds deciding on transit funding levels, Ampenny fails again.

13 X2000 is back-ICE on Corridor and new Amtrak locos, 

     SEPTA trains, trolleys shine on Fourth.

14 Dates of Interest:  DVARP annual picnic slated for August 21.  

     CETC tour on tap for September.

15 Up and Down the Corridor:  Baltimore light rail completed, 

     DC Green Line opening in December

     DVARP Directory: revised voice-mail numbers

     Computer Corner:  new on-line rail magazine!;  



DVARP President: Chuck Bode   Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell

for other officers and committee chairs, see page 15

entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP, except photos (C) 1993 

credited photographers

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not 

necessarily those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: 

call 215-222-3373



**ARPs Save Amtrak from Congress Threat

by Matthew Mitchell and Chuck Bode

Rail passengers, led by Michigan ARP, saved Amtrak from a Congressional 

proposal which would have if enacted hindered Amtrak's ability to meet 

the travel needs of small-town residents across the nation.  The worst 

of the appropriations bill amendments sponsored by the aptly named Rep. 

Bob Carr (D-MI) have been knocked out as of press time, but several 

harmful provisions remain, and now its our turn to write or call 

Committee members like Tom Foglietta (D-PA), Arlen Specter (R-PA) and 

Frank Lautenberg (D-NJ) to ask that those too be stricken.  

Apparently acting at the behest of Greyhound, Carr amended the House 

transportation appropriations bill to immediately ban all of Amtrak's 

"Thruway" connecting bus services.  The train-bus packages compete with 

Greyhound in many markets across the country, and the steady flow of 

Amtrak passengers has meant a steady flow of revenue for numerous small 

bus companies which compete with Greyhound.  If this amendment had 

passed, Greyhound would have delivered a crippling blow to much of its 

competition.  Michigan ARP reports that "Greyhound has virtually 

declared war against the independent [bus companies] by raising docking 

fees at its stations and eliminating much interline ticketing."  [see 

box: "More Greyhound problems"]

It may help to recall transportation planner Ed Tennyson's study of the 

effect of rail cutbacks on bus service.  Expecting an increase in 

business, local bus companies bought new equipment and increased service 

in preparation for SEPTA's abandonment of rail service to Bethlehem and 

Pottsville.  Instead of increasing, bus ridership plummeted.  Tennyson's 

investigation revealed that the former passengers wanted to use the 

train, but because of inconvenient schedules, could only go one way by 

train and had to use the bus the other way.  When the train service 

stopped, these passengers stopped using public transportation 

completely- they could not endure using the bus service both directions.

*Legislation still would allow Congressional meddling and delay high-

speed rail

One part of the amendment that is still in the bill would put Amtrak 

back under Congress's thumb, making intercity train service just more 

"pork" for Representatives like Carr to trade for political favors.  No 

rolling stock would be able to be reassigned without Congressional 

permission, which means in effect that Congress would decide where and 

when Amtrak could add new or increased service.  This would turn back 

the clock to the time when powerful Congressmen like Harley Staggers (D-

WV) could force Amtrak to run money-losing services in their states 

instead of in places where the service would be more useful.  Such 

interference defeats the purpose of Amtrak being constituted as a quasi-

private corporation: to allow it to work with the business-led 

efficiency of a private company.

Continuing the pork attack, Carr's amendment stripped funds for purchase 

of trains from Amtrak's appropriation; this puts Congress solidly in 

charge of the future of the Northeast Corridor.  Amtrak's supporters 

will have to give Carr a piece of pork in order to get Amtrak the trains 

it needs to accommodate its ridership.  

*Passenger Action Needed

Turning Amtrak back into a pork barrel has obvious attraction to 

lawmakers, so Amtrak's continued health depends on your letters and 

calls to Congress.  Michigan ARP's formula for success was simple: hard 

work by MichARP volunteers made members aware of the threat.  The 

members' letters of protest put Carr on the run, and networking with 

Train Riders Association of California led to the added pressure which 

brought down much of the amendment.

Again, look closely at the paragraphs above, and decide if you want your 

Amtrak service to be a political football in Washington every year.  

Then mail your  comments to name, House of Representatives, Washington 

DC 20515 or name, United States Senate, Washington DC 20510. 

To contact Michigan ARP for latest info, phone John DeLora at 313-772-

7842.

Thanks to John DeLora and to Alan Gelbauer of Wolverine Passenger for 

contributing to this story



*More Greyhound Problems

 After absorbing the Trailways national bus system, discontinuing half 

of its service , and causing a multi-year strike by drivers, Greyhound 

is going on to such passenger-hostile absurdities as discontinuing 

publishing an timetables and withdrawing from the national bus schedule 

directory.  

The latter may be intended as another way to kill off competition, by 

keeping bus passengers from patronizing travel agents who might tell 

passengers about other bus companies.  Now passengers have no way of 

planning a Greyhound trip short of calling the company.-CB



**Singel Vetoes Transit Projects

by Matthew Mitchell and Tom Borawski

As Pennsylvania's Acting Governor, Lieutenant Governor Mark Singel 

surprised many by using his line-item veto to strike numerous projects, 

transit and otherwise, from the FY 1994 state capital budget.

Projects which were blue-lined (with their budgeted costs in thous of 

dollars) included

  Frankford El Reconstruction  8,334

  Cross-County Metro          16,000

  Additional Federal Match     2,000

  Morrisville Trans. Center   25,000

  Stony Creek Line Study         500

Projects which were approved by Singel included

  Light Rail Transit Upgrade   1,374

  Eastwick Station (R1)        1,050

  Chestnut St. Transitway      4,067

  PATCO Station Upgrades       1,000

  Matching funds for 

    Fed. formula grants       14,494

  Power substations              376

  Midvale Bus Garage           3,208

  North Philadelphia Station     521

  Infrastructure Safety 

    and Renewal               40,000

  Vehicle Overhaul            35,000

Singel also lined-out most of the funding for purchase of two trains for 

new passenger train service from New York to Pittsburgh via Allentown, 

Reading, and Harrisburg.  Only two million of the original ten million 

dollars remain, and it will be interesting to see whether PennDOT can 

advance the new service using the partial amount.

*Cross-County is Vetoed

The Acting Governor "blue lined" initial capital funding for the Cross 

County Metro. The fact that the feasibility study for the project had 

not been completed was a major factor in the veto decision, for it would 

mean funding a potentially unworkable project.  The study is due in 

September. The Bucks County Courier Times quotes Budget Office 

spokesperson Sue Grimm, "We had to exercise fiscal restraint." 

DVARP hopes the veto will turn into a blessing for the project, which 

has gained support in the suburbs.  SEPTA should take a hard look at the 

travel markets it intends to serve along the former Trenton Cutoff, and 

rework the project so it can fill those needs at lower cost.  If SEPTA 

can come back with a more rational plan, the chances of it getting the 

necessary funding next year will be much better.



**RailWorks(R) Roundup

RailWorks(R) is a registered trademark of SEPTA.

*RailWorks PR Contract Amendment

The SEPTA Board voted on a $500,000 extension to the RailWorks PR 

contract awarded to McAdams, Richman & Ong of Bala Cynwyd.  The total 

contract value is boosted to $3,297,236 out of a total PR budget now at 

$5,500,000.  



*Jazz Down Under

Free music performances have been offered at several North Philadelphia 

Broad St. Subway stations as part of the North Philadelphia Pride 

campaign.  

SEPTA is redoubling its efforts to minimize the alienation that everyday 

subway passengers feel because of all the attention paid to the RRD 

passengers who are forced to use the subway during RailWorks.



*Ticket Windfall

The crush of commuters driving to Fern Rock because they are unwilling 

to endure the RailWorks shuffle has strained the park and ride lots 

there to the breaking point.  Unable to find a space, frustrated drivers 

are parking at aisle ends and anywhere else there's room.  This has 

brought a windfall of parking fines in to SEPTA.  

The City too has shared in the booty, despite signs which sometimes are 

virtually impossible, the two-hour parking restriction on neighborhood 

streets surrounding Fern Rock is being enforced.  For the sake of 

commuters and neighbors, SEPTA should line off and legalize some of 

those 'found' parking spots in their lot.



*Parking Squeeze Will Get Worse!

DVARP is flabbergasted that the City has decided that the week of August 

9 to 14 will see the Fern Rock parking lot closed for maintenance.  Take 

a vacation, a business trip to LA, or schedule those dentist 

appointments you've been putting off-just stay away from Fern Rock that 

week!



*DVARP Passenger Counts

The latest total of peak-period RRD riders passing through Fern Rock is 

holding steady at 3,757.  Below is a graph of the number of people in 

each 5 minute segment, taken with a computerized system which takes the 

hassle out of counting heads.





**On the Railroad Lines.



*Accident Claims Engineer

A SEPTA engineer fell to his death June 2 when the cab door of the non-

revenue train he was operating blew open in the wake of a passing Amtrak 

train along the Paoli line.  The engineer fell under the train and was 

killed. Railpace reports that SEPTA received previous complaints about 

the problem, which seems specific to Silverliner IV cars.

Pressure waves caused by the passing of high-speed trains and their 

running through tunnels are a serious challenge facing the engineers who 

design high-speed trains.   Pressure-sealing is now obligatory.

While such incidents are fortunately rare, they are the reason 

passengers are prohibited from riding in the vestibule of a moving 

train.  Please heed those warnings!



**Make it a Night!

SEPTA continues to offer a $2.00 Wednesday night round trip fare on its 

regional rail lines for passengers arriving downtown after 5:00 pm.  

PATCO is not reviving the free ride home it offered last fall.



**R1

Crews at "Charm School"

The master of Transit HUMINT, Phantom Rider, reports that Airport Line 

crews attended a two day "charm school."  The program included colonial-

era history, museum and hotel information as well as information on the 

city's 600 restaurants.

*Jenkintown Almost Finished

The renovation of outside facilities at Jenkintown is nearing 

completion.  Sheds, platforms and railings are complete, and the 

pedestrian tunnel is freshly painted.  Workmanship of these jobs is 

excellent.  The next step is protecting this reinvestment from vandalism 

and neglect.  

The information kiosk on the inbound platform has been reloaded with 

regional and local maps and current schedules.  However, its location is 

far away from the place where passengers arrive and are likely to need 

the information 

The refurbished Jenkintown Station should be a model for the whole 

system, as should be the work of the Jenkintown Station Improvement 

Committee, a volunteer watchdog and beautification project.



**R2

Return to Newark?

Delaware DOT and the Delaware Railroad Administration are negotiating 

the terms of an extension of train service to Newark.  Talks are snagged 

on how much Delaware must pay to support the trains.  SEPTA has insisted 

that Delaware pay over $2 million per year for its R2 trains, according 

to the News-Journal.  DelDOT feels it should only have to pay only for 

the extra cost of running the trains south of Marcus Hook, a figure 

about $900,000.

Delaware has been one of the few bright spots in an otherwise-bleak 

SEPTA rail picture, thanks to the interest and involvement of state 

officials there and their healthy distrust of SEPTA management. 

Three stops would be added:  Newport, Newark, and the Sandy Brae 

Industrial Park.  Initial train service would be at rush hours only, 

with buses covering off-peak travel.

*211 Abandonment Stopped

See page 6 for details



**R5

Employees Earn Stars 

SEPTA Passenger Attendants Patricia Soto, David Bolden, Engineer Joseph 

Rein and Conductor Benjamin Wright were presented Star Awards for their 

handling of a service disruption on December 11, 1992.  

An R5 train was stranded due to severe weather conditions.  The crew 

escorted the passengers across the track bed to a car dealership, then 

took the names and work numbers of the passengers and telephoned their 

employers to advise them of the delay.  They also went to a nearby 

supermarket and provided breakfast to them.

Newcomer VRE has the right ideas

One railroad is finding inexpensive ways to help their crews handle 

major service disruptions.  The April edition of Railway Age mentions 

that Virginia Railway Express offers free ride certificates which are 

distributed "on a case by case basis." This resembles the RailWorks  

service guarantee due to be discontinued after August.  The article also 

mentions that VRE conductors carry cellular telephones to make up for 

"radio dead spots." 

*The Track is in the Mail

SEPTA ordered a million dollars worth (16 miles) of continuously welded 

rail to be installed between Gwynedd Valley and Lansdale.



**R8

Regensburger Pulls Out of Newtown

In response to SEPTA's turning down his plan to switch from diesel to 

electric power at Fox Chase, Robert Regensburger has withdrawn Newtown 

Short Line's proposal to privatize train service to Newtown.  

Regensburger also accused SEPTA and Bucks County of favoring a rival bid 

over his.  

That proposal, from Rodney Fisk's firm Rail Easton, is still on the 

table.  The County is reported to have approved in principle Fisk's 

request for a $31 million loan guarantee for diesel trains.  

Regensburger says he prefers electrification of the line.   

*Bucks Planner Says Decline Intentional

In an interview with the Bucks County Courier Times, Bucks County 

Planning Commission Director Robert Moore blamed SEPTA's poor service 

for the decline and fall of the original diesel service to Newtown.  

Moore stated: "They [SEPTA] killed that line on purpose, I'm convinced 

of that.  Restoration of service would be the greatest thing that could 

happen."  

*More Filling, Less Track

The 150 foot hole in the Newtown Line right-of-way has been filled; 

however, the ballast and track have yet to be replaced. 



**Neighbors Want Octoraro Bridge Out

A portion of the SEPTA-owned, but long-dormant railroad between Chadds 

Ford and Wawa is at risk.  Chester Heights residents want an old stone 

bridge demolished; their new fire engine can't fit under it, and 

residents claim their safety is jeopardized.  



**Grab A Riders Guide

The spiffy guide produced last year entitled "Rider's Guide to the 

Railroad Division's Transportation Department" can be found in the 

schedule racks and is a must read.  It explains who does what in 

managing and operating the railroad.  If you can't find a copy, write to 

SEPTA RRD, 1515 Market St., Philadelphia, 19103.  "Attaways" to those 

involved in this production. 



**100

Speedup Coming This Month

While expressing his enjoyment of last month's cover story, SEPTA 

Schedule Section manager Tom Collins has given us that good news that a 

new NHSL schedule is expected to take effect August 16.  By that time, 

five N5 cars should be in service.  Four minutes will be trimmed from 

the end-to-end running time, a savings over 10 percent!   Collins says 

to expect continuing schedule updates as more N5s enter service.

*N5:  25 Bucks a Pound 

As reported last month, the SEPTA Board OKed a settlement of the N5 

debacle. The settlement was based on a $25 per pound penalty.  Each car 

was 12,450 pounds over the contract specification, yielding $311,250 per 

car.  No comment was reported from Jenny Craig. 

*Man Struck by Trolley

A 28 year-old man was struck and killed by a trolley in Haverford late 

one night last month.  Police were unsure of what the man was doing on 

the tracks at that hour, but passengers boarding at Haverford are often 

seen walking across the tracks, even though there is a pedestrian bridge 

over the tracks right at the station.

*Strafford Cars on Flood Duty in Illinois

The Inquirer reports that four 160-series Strafford cars sold by SEPTA 

in 1991 are pulling emergency duty hauling people over the flood-swollen 

Mississippi.  The trolleys run over a dam between Keokuk and Hamilton, 

Ill and is operated by the Keokuk Junction Railway.  

BLOOPER:  Due to an error by our printer, each of the three photos which 

accompanied last month's cover story were printed backwards.  We're 

surprised none of our readers noticed it!



**CTD

Work Underway at Girard

Reconstruction crews are building a new Frankford El station at Girard 

Ave.  SEPTA will spend $7 million installing a station similar to the 

one at Margaret-Orthodox.  However, only 4,000 commuters get on the El 

at Girard each day, much fewer than at Margaret-Orthodox.

*City Transit Notes:  The SEPTA Board voted on a proposal to purchase a 

half acre of property near the Bridge Street terminal, to be used for 

"construction staging and interim parking." 

A $358,000 contract for improvements to the surface loop at Richmond and 

Westmoreland was approved by the Board.

SEPTA's first all-over advertising bus made its debut a month ago.  It 

promotes the $5.00 DayPass, and will be dedicated to Route 76 service.  

A special paint process lets passengers see out the windows, while 

outside the ads continue right onto the windows. 

More news on page 13



**SEPTA Planning Trolley Celebration

SEPTA Light Rail Chief Kim Heinle has announced plans for a special 

celebration of trolleys in Philadelphia the weekend of October 2 and 3 

to more properly commemorate the centennial of streetcar transit in 

Philadelphia.  Shop tours, guided excursions over city and suburban 

lines, and a sale of memorabilia are planned by SEPTA, while independent 

groups like the Buckingham Valley Trolley Association (operators of the 

Penn's Landing trolleys) will also participate.  

Also planned is an auction sale of more of SEPTA's remaining PCC car 

fleet.  Details about the entire weekend are available from Heinle's 

office at 215-580-3508.

Meanwhile, there is also speculation about a second historic trolley 

loop, but surprisingly not in Center City.  The PCC cars would run 

between 40th St. Portal and the Woodland Shop at 50th St. -MDM 



**211 Bus Saved for Now

In a surprise move, SEPTA cancelled the abandonment hearing on Route 211 

scheduled for late last month.  DVARP's Transit Committee was prepared 

to argue the case for continuing the R2 feeder bus service in Ivyland, 

Bucks County, while proposing ideas for cutting its cost.

Informed sources say that the core problem with Route 211 is a dispute 

over who pays the guarantees which make up the difference between fare 

revenue raised by the 211 and the cost of its operation.  Bucks County 

bankrolled the first year's operation with the intention that the 

businesses who benefit from the County's first 200-series service would 

pick up the tab in subsequent years.  Those businesses got accustomed to 

the "free ride" and refused to pay up.  

Meanwhile, poor service on the 211 caused frustrated riders to seek 

alternate transportation in order to get to work or catch their train.  

DVARP documented missed train connections, late buses, and even trips 

which were never made, and informed SEPTA of the problem well over a 

year ago, but few improvements were made.

*What does 211 connect to?

One cause of the problems is that a significant number of 211 riders use 

the City Transit Division's Route 22 bus to get to Philadelphia instead 

of the R2 Warminster train.  The connection hassles are doubled.  Like 

several other transit services in the suburbs, the 22 now carries more 

"reverse commuters" than traditional Center City-bound traffic.  

Meanwhile, R2 trains run with much extra capacity in the reverse commute 

direction.  If SEPTA can entice the reverse commuters to change from bus 

to train, not only would Route 211 problems be reduced but SEPTA could 

save money. 

But what will work? SEPTA has already given reverse commuters a fare 

concession: they pay zone 3 fares where peak-direction train riders pay 

for zone 4.  The fare difference between bus and train is now only one 

zone.  Though the new station at Fern Rock makes connections easier, it 

has not caused much of a shift to the train.  

*It's the Wrong Time to Kill 200 Routes

SEPTA would have sent an awful message to businesses had it went ahead 

with abandonment of the 211.  With new environmental regulations forcing 

businesses and employees to finally face up to the consequences of car-

only planning, SEPTA could position itself as a provider of solutions. 

But if businesses hear that SEPTA service may be cut back or eliminated 

at the drop of a hat, they will look to more reliable transportation 

alternatives, or demand that elected officials give them an exemption 

from the responsibility.

 That's why SEPTA has to make a strong commitment right now to serve 

suburban employment centers, and to make sure that when the service 

starts up, it is done right.  Employer trip reduction is a once-in-a-

lifetime opportunity for public transit agencies to change people's 

views.  -MDM



*Routes Need an Evangelist

The fortunes of SEPTA's innovative 200-series service have been in 

steady decline since the departure of former SEPTA planning head Eugene 

Skoropowski.  He brought the privately-supported feeder bus concept to 

life, and personally called on suburban businesses to show how 

supporting the routes made good business sense.

But with Skoropowski gone, no one within SEPTA has taken over this 

crucial 'evangelist' role.  With  cautious business owners resistant to 

change and seemingly wedded to the idea that cars are the only way to 

commute, only a persistent and charismatic messenger will change their 

minds and secure the needed support.-MDM



**Two Sellers Angry, Third has Head Cut Off 

by Tom Borawski

SEPTA has done an admirable job of antagonizing the persons who would 

sell it a new  headquarters building.  The first choice, 1234 Market 

Street, was lost when the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation decided 

to take bids on the building instead of selling it to Brickstone Realty-

the developer who wanted to rehab the building for SEPTA.

Negotiations opened with the owner of the Board's second choice: 1650 

Arch St.  Now Brickstone has come back with an apparent winning bid for 

1234 Market and is offering the building to SEPTA again.  SEPTA has 

dropped 1650 Arch like a prom date with bad acne.  The owner of 1650 

Arch has accused SEPTA of "bad faith" (as reported in the Inquirer).

Meanwhile Philadelphia Business Journal reports that Brickstone's 

"winning" bid for 1234 Market Street may not be the highest.  The paper 

reports that Tishman Speyer Properties of New York bid $22.6 million-

$500,000 higher than Brickstone.  The New York developer is crying foul.

The final result may, by chance or design, resurrect SEPTA's plan to 

build the truncated headquarters on top of Gallery 2-a move opposed by 

Philadelphia's Building Owners and Managers Association who are 

suffering in the worst real estate market in decades. A recent Inquirer 

article speculates that Philadelphia's office vacancy rate will not 

improve until the late 90's. The Gallery site is also opposed by City 

Council President John Street who chopped off the top 4 floors of the 

proposed building with a few strokes of his pen.

Whatever happens, the acquisition of SEPTA's headquarters has certainly 

reflected the Byzantine practices of its intended occupants.  The 

question is now whether Constantinople will stay on Market Street or 

move to Arch or be completely rebuilt. 



**SEPTA Board Telecommuters

A special meeting of the SEPTA Board in June added a new novelty: Three 

Board members attended the meeting via telephone. The members, Stewart 

Cades (Delaware Co.) Floriana Bloss (Montgomery), and Franklin Wood 

(Bucks) voted by telephone on the delay to the Market-Frankford car 

contract.  Board Member Edmund Jones of Delaware County spoke out 

against the practice and said he would try to ban it.-TB



**Board Date Shift This Month

The SEPTA Board will meet on August 19 instead of August 26.



**RR Boss in National Engineering Group

SEPTA Railroad AGM Jim Palmer has been appointed as a director of the 

American Railway Engineering Association. 



**MontCo Insists on Transit Improvements at King of Prussia Mall

County planning officials in Montgomery County are insisting that Kravco 

Inc., developers of the Court and Plaza malls at King of Prussia, 

provide significant improvements to the bus center at the malls as a 

condition for approval of mall expansion. 

Kravco is dragging its feet, denying responsibility for the problems.  

They expect state and local governments to pay for the roads, and claim 

that a new bus stop would be a security risk.  That argument must not 

apply to Kravco's parking lots, despite the recent rash of armed 

carjackings at the King of Prussia malls.

Like many other mall developers, Kravco has followed a car-centered 

development plan, which has led to gridlock and pollution for miles 

surrounding the mall, as well as the abovementioned crime wave.  Transit 

there is just an afterthought, stuck away in a corner as if Kravco wants 

to treat riders as second-class citizens.  Well its time that the 

transit riders who made Kravco's profits possible get their just due.-

MDM



News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, 

Chuck Bode, Tom Borawski, Larry Joyce, Mike McEnaney, Don Nigro, 

John Pawson.

Additional news from BITNET, Bucks County Courier Times, Delaware County 

Daily Times, Philadelphia Business Journal, Philadelphia Daily News, 

Philadelphia Inquirer, Railpace, USENET, Washington Post, Wilmington 

News-Journal



**DVARP Annual Picnic

August 21

See page 14 for details



**Pro-Car "Coalition" Signs Up "Members" Without Permission:  

  DVARP Demands Retraction

The Penjerdel Council, a regional business forum, established an 

"Employer Trip Reduction Coalition" intended to fight new Federal and 

state regulations designed to reduce the number of cars that people use 

to get to work.  The lobby group claims over 250 members, but it appears 

that Penjerdel simply signed all its members up for this coalition 

without obtaining their permission first.  Penjerdel included DVARP in 

this so-called "coalition," even though we had led the fight for 

sensible rules to reduce the many problems caused by auto-centered 

development.  DVARP has sent a strongly-worded letter to Penjerdel 

demanding a public retraction of the list of "coalition" members.  

Further action will be discussed at the August DVARP general meeting.

Meanwhile, DVARP is notifying other groups, such as the Chesapeake Bay 

Foundation (an environmental group), whose names may also have used by 

Penjerdel without permission.  DVARP Vice-President for Communications 

Tom Borawski issued a press release alerting the media to Penjerdel's 

deception, as a preemptive strike before the bulk of the Penjerdel 

campaign begins.  DVARP is also sending to the media a fact sheet 

refuting some of the more hysterical claims made in the Penjerdel 

release.-MDM



**SEPTA Contractor Directs Anti-Transit Lobby Group

by Tom Borawski

The Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (ISTEA) 

gives state and local governments freedom to chose where some Federal 

highway funds are spent.  They are no longer required to spend on new 

roads when other solutions-most notably transit-are needed.  This is the 

story of one response by the Asphalt-Petroleum Complex to hold onto its 

piece of the pie.  This is also the story of a Railworks(R) Part I 

contractor who is a Director of an organization which seeks to halt the 

diversion of highway funds for projects like RailWorks Part II.

The Road Information Program (TRIP) is an organization sponsored by big 

oil and insurance companies, highway equipment manufacturers and highway 

contractors, among others.  TRIP produced a report comparing costs and 

benefits of highways and transit which in their words "showed how costly 

investments in mass transit fail to achieve a proportionate increase in 

usage and ridership."  A sample: "A single tax dollar spent on highways 

in 1990 equaled over 21 times more miles traveled than a dollar spent on 

mass transit."  We leave it as an exercise to ponder the logic of 

equating pollution-filled, imported fuel consuming travel with return on 

a taxpayer dollar.  It also is yet to be found out if TRIP found all the 

hidden subsidies of automobile travel. 

TRIP is waging "A Campaign to Stop Diversion," an effort  to influence 

the media and encourage local highway groups to stop the "flexing" of 

highway funds to transit.  The flavor of this campaign can be found on 

the second page of their "Truths About Transportation" booklet:  A 

1930's era photo is shown, captioned: "Scenes like this breadline from 

the Great Depression could be just around the corner." 

*SEPTA's plans for diverted funds 

For the current fiscal year SEPTA plans to apply "flexed" funds toward 

the purchase of new Market-Frankford cars, priority bridge 

repair/replacements for the Regional Rail and Suburban Transit 

divisions, park and ride lots at key stations along I-95 (in conjunction 

with that road's reconstruction) and start up costs for the Frankford 

(Bridge-Pratt) Transportation Center.

Future "flexed" funds will be used for bridge restoration on the RRD 

main line between 30th Street and Suburban Station, Newtown Line 

electrification, completion of the Frankford Transportation Center, Blue 

Route park & ride facilities and RailWorks Part II (now known as R5 

Systems Improvements, Wayne Junction to Glenside). 

*The RailWorks Connection 

RailWorks contract GC-2T for $27.4 million (as of Change Order #7) was 

awarded to IA Construction Company of Concordville, PA.  The President 

of IA Construction is Mr. George Searle. Searle is on the Board of 

Directors of TRIP. 

DVARP asked Searle about the apparent conflict between working for SEPTA 

while a director of an organization which seeks to stop the flexing of 

funds for SEPTA.  Mr. Searle responded that all transportation projects 

should be fully funded (including RailWorks Part II), but one 

transportation segment should not take from the other.

Again, the author leaves it as an exercise to research the reasons for 

the creation of SEPTA-government taxing railroads while subsidizing 

highways.

DVARP asked SEPTA GM Lou Gambaccini about having a TRIP director as a 

RailWorks contractor.  The APTA president diplomatically pointed out 

that as the construction industry learns that it can make money on SEPTA 

contracts, opposition from that quarter will be reduced.  He added that 

SEPTA contracts are competitively bid-the contractor's attitude toward 

SEPTA can be completely hostile-SEPTA cannot use its buying power to 

alert them that their support of TRIP is not appreciated.

Other companies which do business with SEPTA are supporters of TRIP, 

most notably Bethlehem Steel and Gannett Fleming.  Some TRIP sponsors, 

like Hershey Foods, leave one wondering what their angle is.

TRIP is a nationwide effort.  National organizations like NARP and the 

Sierra Club should let TRIP and its sponsors know that state and local 

governments waited a long time for the right to control their 

transportation destiny and TRIP's efforts to turn back the clock are not 

appreciated. For more information [ed. note: giving or getting!] write 

to: TRIP, 1200 18th Street, N.W., Suite 314, Washington, D.C. 20036 



**DVARP Seeks "Roads-To-Trails" 

DVARP members who keep an eye on asphalt utilization are encouraged to 

propose a road for conversion into a nature trail.  Roads which pass 

through rural areas and whose function has been superseded by a bypass 

are especially desirable.  "Roads-to-Trails" nominees may be added to 

our DVRPC Transportation Improvement Program testimony. 



*Highway Lobby in Disney World

If you will be in Florida between January 26th to 30th you might want to 

check out the Associated Pennsylvania Constructors (APC) Convention in 

Disney World.  Apparently Pennsylvania is too boring for its road 

builders, although the 5th Annual APC Golf Invitational was held in 

Hershey.  

The APC is concerned that "heavily financed environmental groups 

continue to pressure MPOs [e.g. DVRPC] and state planners to shift 

transportation investments from highway(s)."  Talk about the pot calling 

the kettle black!  We'll trade our "heavy financing" for APC's anytime!-

TB 



*Feds Require 8 Foot Bike Lanes

The Inquirer reports that New Britain Township, Bucks County will be 

turning away federal ISTEA dollars for a bike path project because it 

would require the path to be 8 feet wide and have "banked curves."  The 

article quotes Township Manager Robert Bender: "We don't want something 

that looks like a road and smells like a road."  It is also reported 

that Bender asked PennDOT for an exemption but was refused.-TB



**Small Cities Think Commuter Rail!

While SEPTA continues to cut its rail service to the 6th largest city in 

the nation, some surprising newcomers are considering getting on the 

commuter rail bandwagon.

Believe it or not, there is serious talk of a commuter operation in 

Syracuse, New York (metro area population of only 600,000)  Who could 

have such a visionary idea?  The New York, Susquehanna, and Western 

Railway, a small but aggressive freight railroad who sees passenger 

service as an opportunity instead of a burden.

The Susquehanna has just taken over operation of the Binghamton to 

Syracuse freight line with assistance from New York State.  It has 

acquired four RDCs for a tourist train operation and is thinking about 

running them from Jamesville (about 10 miles southeast of the city) to 

downtown Syracuse during the rush hour and in stadium park and ride 

service.  Unlike public agencies, NYSW is putting the plan on the fast-

track.  Service could start as soon as this fall.  

DVARP welcomes this spirit, and is pointing out opportunities like the 

Newtown, Bethlehem, and Pottstown lines to the Susquehanna.  Because it 

now has several operating freight short lines, Susquehanna may have an 

advantage over other possible contract operators. 

Meanwhile, Harrisburg has studied the possibility of having its own 

commuter rail service.  Four lines were included in the study along with 

the existing Amtrak service from Philadelphia and Lancaster.  No go-

ahead has been given; the anticipated start-up date would be 1999.-MDM



**State is Missing Mt. Holly Opportunity

by Don Nigro

The New Jersey Department of Transportation (NJDOT) continues to ignore 

its responsibility to acquire the Mount Holly to Fort Dix right of way.  

Conrail, who currently owns this property, is planning to sell a 10-acre 

segment in Mount Holly to the Rancocas Conservancy, a local 

environmental group.  The right of way is one of ten that, through the 

initiative of a 1989 state-wide referendum and New Jersey Public Law 

1991, Chapter 224, were to be acquired by NJDOT.  

The federal ISTEA law places great emphasis on the identification and 

protection of transportation corridors.  NJDOT's inaction regarding the 

right of way indicates both a lack of multi-modal commitment and a 

failure to plan long term for transit alternatives.  The Department's 

recalcitrance demonstrates a disregard for ISTEA which is clear in 

listing the protection of transportation corridors as a priority for 

both transportation planning and funding.  

Following are the letters that DVARP and NJDOT have exchanged on this 

matter.  



Dear Commissioner Downs:

It has come to the attention of the Delaware Valley Association of 

Railroad Passengers that the New Jersey Department of Transportation has 

not negotiated with the Consolidated Rail Corporation (Conrail) to 

acquire the right of way from Mount Holly to Fort Dix.  As I'm sure you 

know, this right of way is one of ten, that through the initiative of a 

1989 state-wide referendum and Senate Bill No. 3025 of 1991, were to be 

acquired with a $10 million appropriation.

It is public knowledge that Conrail has contracts drawn up to sell a 3/4 

mile portion of this right of way in Mount Holly to the Rancocas 

Conservancy for one dollar ($1.00).  The sale of this section would 

sever the bulk of the Senate bill designated right of way from that of 

the active railroad south of Mount Holly.  Ownership of this Burlington 

County right of way must not be broken up away from state ownership, 

especially for non-transportation uses.  Since Conrail has set such a 

low price for the property, NJDOT should be able to acquire the segment 

from the freight railroad at a minimal amount through negotiation or 

condemnation.  Even if funds from the $10 million 1991 state 

appropriation are dwindling, there should be significant means remaining 

from the 1992 $15 million appropriation, an allotment designated to 

acquire far fewer rights-of-way.

The voters of New Jersey let their opinion be known on preservation and 

acquisition of railroad right of ways for future transportation needs.  

In the 1989 state-wide referendum, New Jersey voters approved the 

spending of $25 million to acquire unused railroad right of ways so that 

these strategic properties would remain physically and politically 

accessible for future rail transportation needs.  NJDOT's present 

inaction on a right of way that has become so reasonably priced goes 

directly against the electorate's wishes. 

I would greatly appreciate you giving this matter your utmost attention.

Sincerely, 

Donald Nigro, 

South Jersey Coordinator



Dear Mr. Nigro:

I am writing in reply to your letter concerning the Conrail right of way 

from Mount Holly to Fort Dix.

The sale of a portion of this abandoned right of way to a local trail 

group has been confirmed by my staff.  The primary reason for this sale 

is to give local authorities the ability to clean up this one-half mile 

parcel which runs through a section of parkland in Mount Holly.  The 

Department originally identified the line from Mount Holly to McGuire 

Air Force Base as a potential candidate for acquisition.  In the ensuing 

years between the abandonment and the passage of the ROW Appropriations 

Bill, however, several non-contiguous segments of the line have been 

sold to private developers and adjacent property owners.  These sales 

have virtually eliminated the line's usefulness as a transportation 

corridor.  Additionally, we believe that most of the available resources 

will be consumed by the purchase of the top priority lines:  the 

Lackawanna Cutoff, Jersey City Coal Yards, and the Southern Secondary.

Thank you for writing.

Sincerely,

Thomas M. Downs

Commissioner



Dear Commissioner Downs:

I am writing in reply to your May 14th response to my March 8, 1993 

letter concerning the Conrail right of way from Mount Holly to Fort Dix.  

There are a number of elements of your reply and the Department's 

position that I find disconcerting.

Your letter indicates that a portion of this right of way has already 

been sold to a local trail group.  To the best of our knowledge, this is 

inaccurate; to date, only negotiations for sale have occurred.

You state that "the primary reason for this sale is to give local 

authorities the ability to clean up" a portion of the right of way.  

Although, we support the clean up of the portion, the issue of ownership 

of the right of way is superfluous to it and should not be implied as 

justification for allowing this strategic property to slip away.

You assert that "several non-contiguous segments of the line have been 

sold to private developers and adjacent property owners."  To the best 

of our knowledge, Burlington County is the only other owner of parts of 

the right of way.  If there are others, would you please identify them, 

their segments and dates of acquisition?  Since NJDOT has long regarded 

the line as valuable, why has the department looked the other way when 

segments of the line, as you have represented, have been sold to private 

developers and adjacent property owners?  

You state, "These sales have virtually eliminated the line's usefulness 

as a transportation corridor."  What do you mean by "virtually"?  The 

Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers (DVARP) is confident 

that there are no significant physical obstructions on the right of way.  

With this in mind, regardless of the extent to which the ownership is 

fractured, the right of way should still be acquired by the state as 

mandated by Public Law 1991, Chapter 224.

In the letter, you state, "we believe that most of the available 

resources will be consumed by the purchase of the top priority lines:  

the Lackawanna Cutoff, Jersey City Coal Yards, and the Southern 

Secondary."  This is especially troubling in light of the following:

DVARP understands that, despite the Department's belief, there will be 

significant funds remaining from the $10 million 1991 state 

appropriation;

There also should be extensive means remaining from the 1992 $15 million 

appropriation, an allotment designated to acquire far fewer rights of 

way; and,

There is also the option that NJDOT could use a fraction of the $3 

million allocated for unspecified right of way acquisitions in its 

Fiscal Year 1994 Capital Budget.  As I had stated in my previous letter, 

Conrail is preparing to sell a 3/4 mile portion of this right of way in 

Mount Holly for one dollar.  Since such a low price for the property has 

been set, NJDOT should be able to acquire the segment from the freight 

railroad at a minimal amount through negotiation or condemnation.  

The right of way east of Mount Holly is a strategic property, especially 

now, in the aftermath of New Jersey Transit's Burlington/Gloucester 

Corridor Assessment.  DVARP, along with the New Jersey Association of 

Railroad Passengers, have been advocating the following:

In respect of the historic character of Mount Holly, the seat of 

Burlington County, service should include a community walk on station 

within the center of town and should extend eastward with a park-and-

ride station in proximity to Route 206.  

A station near to Route 206 would allow Burlington County residents 

north, south and east of Mount Holly convenient access to the 

transportation corridor without snarling traffic in the county seat and 

competing for scarce parking.  We have indications, including an 

enclosed copy of a letter from Alfred H. Harf, Assistant Executive 

Director for Planning for New Jersey Transit, that our Corridor 

Assessment ideas are being seriously considered; many in the 

transportation community, in fact, are embracing them.

DVARP would appreciate you clarifying and reconsidering NJDOT's position 

expressed in your May 14, 1993 reply.

Sincerely, 

Donald Nigro

South Jersey Coordinator



**NJT Takes Travel Management Lead

Unlike SEPTA, NJ Transit is taking an active role in helping businesses 

shift their employees out of single-occupant autos and into less-

damaging modes of transportation.

The transportation management association, called "Transit Plus," will 

cover Essex and Union counties.  Even though NJT is organizing the plan, 

it will promote car- and van-pools and other alternative transportation 

as well as NJT's own services.



**NJT Rail Teams Win "Roadeo"

An "attaway" to the NJ Transit Operating and Maintenance teams which 

each took first place in the APTA Rail "Roadeo" held at the transit 

industry group's Rapid Transit Conference.

The Operating team took top honors for knowledge of safety procedures, 

train equipment, and other skills, while the Maintenance team's 

competition involved a written test and several troubleshooting 

problems.

Also in the kudos department, NJT Bus Operations won the APTA Alan Boyd 

Silver Safety award

*Correction:  The next NJ Transit Phillies train will be on August 15, 

not August 25.  The last trip is September 26.  Call NJ Transit at 609-

343-7163 for reservations.  The DVRP regrets the typographical error.



**Fed. Budget in Conference

As we go to press, House and Senate members are building a compromise 

between the two chambers' versions of the FY 1994 Federal budget.  Tax 

policy is the linchpin of the negotiations, with a tax on gasoline, 

diesel fuel, and other transportation fuels expected to be implemented 

for deficit reduction purposes.  Transit lobbyists like the American 

Public Transit Association (APTA) are concerned that the precedent of 

dedicating a portion of gas tax revenue to mass transit may be broken 

this year.  There is good news, in that public transit and commuter rail 

operators will be exempt from the tax.  Commuter rail was subject to the 

2.5c per gallon tax imposed for deficit reduction in 1990.

Passenger Transport reports that the House Appropriations Subcommittee 

on Transportation would increase total appropriations for mass transit 

by 18 percent to $4.47 billion, with all that increase on the capital 

side.  Operating assistance would be cut by $50 million.  Once again, 

the effort to dedicate one cent of the Federal gas tax to Amtrak (the 

'Ampenny') failed.



*Reform Possible in Congress?

Tired of their "pork-barrel" image, members of the House Appropriations 

Committee Transportation Subcommittee announced new investment-based 

criteria for evaluation of projects.  Unfortunately, the pork habit is 

hard to kick.  

Political clout counted more than hard economic benefits in the past, so 

some dubious projects got Federal dollars.  When these projects fell 

flat and failed to attract riders, automobile and airline lobbyists and 

anti-transit politicians used them to tar all public transit investment.  



**Taxi Bullpen at 30th St.

To clear the taxi line away from the south side of the station and 

reduce the incidence of improper passenger pickups line-jumping and 

other rules violations by taxi drivers at 30th Street, Amtrak has 

created a taxi holding area on the north side of the station.  When a 

cab arrives to pick up a passenger, the driver obtains a numbered ticket 

at the holding area gate.  Cabs are then let out of the holding area in 

the order they arrived, and as they are needed at the station exits.  

Horror stories are fewer now, but some  passengers can still tell of 

being refused service because their trip was too short or to an unsafe 

area (both practices are illegal) or of being nearly run over by a 

taxi.-MDM



**X2000 Back on Corridor

After generating lots of excitement about the future of passenger train 

service in America, Amtrak's X2000 high-speed train is back in everyday 

Metroliner service.  

The Swedish train will operate as trains number 106 and 117 on weekdays 

(except Labor Day) until September 24, and trains 206 and 211 on 

Saturdays August 14, 28, and Septermer 11.

Metroliner service is all-reserved; please call 1-800-USA-RAIL to 

confirm schedules before planning a ride.



*ICE Taking Test Runs

Passengers will get another perspective on high-speed rail when they try 

out the ICE (InterCity Express) train which Amtrak has leased from the 

German Federal Railway.  The train broke the X2000's speed records in 

Northeast Corridor test runs, and is reported to have hit 161 mph.  

The ICE has just gone on a nationwide publicity tour for its builder, 

Siemens, and for Amtrak.  It will not be on public display in our area 

at least until the second part of its tour.  Like the X2000, ICE is 

expected to see regular Metroliner service, beginning October 5.



*And Another New Face

Passengers travelling to Washington and other points on the Amtrak 

system can't help noticing the new AMD-103 locomotives which made their 

debut early this summer.  The GE units deliver 3,200 horsepower in a 

striking shovel-nosed package.  They are built right here in 

Pennsylvania, and include many high-tech features.  But most important 

is that they will ease Amtrak's power crunch, allowing the old F40s to 

get much needed servicing.-MDM



**DVRPC Has Good News for Future of SEPTA RRD

A Delaware Valley Regional Planning Commission study projects a 24% 

growth of Center City jobs over the next three decades while overall 

city population will decline only slightly.  Commuter rail ridership is 

heavily dependent on the job figure.



**New Fare Great for Seniors

The new ten-trip senior citizen off-peak ticket is now available at 

SEPTA commuter rail stations.  It costs $8.50.



**SEPTA Does the Job for Fourth

SEPTA atoned for its mediocre holiday service last year by meeting the 

challenge of extra travel demand during the Freedom Week festivities 

last month. RRD trains of four cars or more were observed, while the 

added service was well-publicized in advance.  On the Subway-Surface 

lines, cars were staged at 49th Street so they could be placed into 

service just at the time people were ready to go home from the 

fireworks.  Supervisors and even office staff were on site until 

midnight to help passengers and make sure operations ran smoothly.

Just one problem was observed.  Despite the extra SEPTA service, nearly 

everyone drove downtown, resulting in traffic jams and flared tempers.  

On Saturday the 3rd, this writer was able to use the subway-surface and 

Market-Frankford Lines to go to, watch, and come home from the fireworks 

on Penn's Landing.  On the 4th, the commuter train platform at 30th 

Street was the place to be.  By fireworks time, the parking lot was well 

filled, but the more spectacular show came after.  Furious motorists had 

jammed the intersection of 30th and Market and all approaches.  Selfish 

drivers went the wrong way on one-way streets and completely clogged the 

area.  In a few minutes, the people who rode the train were home, 

wondering how long the horns would keep honking at 30th Street.-CB



**Two-Car Subway-Surface Trains

SEPTA is testing the use of two-car trains on the 10 and 13 lines as a 

means of improving the reliability of service through the tunnel.  If 

the test is successful, the operation may be spread to the other lines 

at next month's schedule change.



**Garden State Museum Limited

United Railroad Historical Society of New Jersey is sponsoring a trip 

from Newark and Trenton to Landisville, NJ via Lindenwold and the 

Southern Railroad Company of New Jersey line on Saturday, August 28.

South Jersey passengers can pick up the excursion in Lindenwold and ride 

to Landisville.  The fare from Newark or Trenton is $43.00, from 

Lindenwold $15.00.

Optional destination activities include a visit to the Haluwasa 

Shoreline (miniature) train ride or the New Jersey State Aquarium.  

Contact URHS at 609-443-4746 (7 to 10 pm weekdays) for details.



**DVARP Picnic: Aug. 21

Ralph Page has again offered to host our annual picnic at his home in 

Willow Grove.  The address is 3140 Woodland Ave, phone 659-4953.  Only a 

limited amount of business is handled at the August meeting, talking 

about train trips past and future and recalling the people who have 

helped DVARP is the more important agenda item.  

If you come, please bring a dish to share; a grill will be available.  

You can get there on the R2 train (remember RailWorks is in effect) or 

the 22 or 98 bus.  It is expected that rides will be available from the 

Roslyn R2 station.



**DVARP to Tour Amtrak CETC Before Sept. Meeting

DVARP has arranged for a special tour of the Centralized Electrification 

and Traffic Control Center, the nerve center of the Northeast Corridor, 

for the morning of September 18, prior to the DVARP General Meeting.  

CETC is located inside 30th St. Station, the meeting will be at 1616 

Walnut. 

Because of the special nature of this tour, we must pre-register all 

members who wish to go on it.  If you plan to join the tour, you must 

contact Bob Machler by DVARP's voice-mail line, 215-222-3373, message 

box 6.  The deadline for registration is Sept. 15.



**DVARP Staffs Convention Table

Conventiongoers from the National Model Railroad Association were 

welcomed by DVARP volunteers at an attractive display of photographs and 

stories about how passenger train service improves communities.  DVARP 

also answered the visitors' questions and provided schedules for area 

trains, trolleys, and buses.  

When the conventiongoers got the information, they also were given 

literature encouraging them to support the real-life passenger trains in 

their home states by supporting our peer organizations.

Matt Mitchell planned the effort, while Chuck Bode, Lucia Esther, Ellen 

Kadransky, Tom Borawski, and Bob Machler staffed the table.  DVARP and 

our peer ARPs thank the NMRA (especially Convention Manager Jim Cope) 

for providing the space, and thank SEPTA Schedule Section manager J. 

Thomas Collins, KARP President Larry Joyce, Amtrak, BARTA, and Capitol 

Trailways for materials.



**Trolley Coalition: New Address

The Philadelphia Trolley Coalition can now be contacted at 616 Carpenter 

St., Philadelphia 19147, phone 215-755-7717.



**Dates of Interest

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban 

Station or Market East Station.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Aug. 18, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 

3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St., 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown 

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Aug. 19, 3:00 at SEPTA Board Room, 714 

Market St., Third Floor, Phila.

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Aug. 21, 11:00 to 12:00 at 104 

Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

DVARP General Meeting and Annual Picnic: Sat., Aug. 21, 1:00 to 4:00 at 

3140 Woodland Ave., Willow Grove, PA.  See back page for directions. 

DVARP Transit Committee: Wed., Aug. 25. Call DVARP voicemail, 215-222-

3373, box 3 for time & place.

Deadline for September newsletter material:  Thurs. Aug 26 to Matthew 

Mitchell or in DVARP mailbox.

URHS Rail Excursion from North Jersey and Lindenwold to Landisville via 

SRRNJ:  Sat., Aug. 28.  Proceeds benefit Garden State Railway Museum.  

Call 609-443-4746 evenings for information and reservations.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Sept. 2, 6:30 pm at 

Stationmaster's Office, Wilmington Station.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-

995-6419.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Sat., Sept. 11, 11:00 at Chestnut Hill 

Trolley Loop.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Sept. 11, 12:00 Call DVARP 

voicemail, 215-222-3373, message box 2 to confirm location.

DVARP Tour of Amtrak CETC Facility:  Sat., Sept. 18, 11:00 at 30th St. 

Station.  Registration required, phone 215-222-3373, message box 6 to 

register.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., Sept. 18, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at Temple Univ. 

Center City, 1616 Walnut St.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to 

confirm time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.



**Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

*Penn Station Tours

A free guided tour of Penn Station is offered by the 34th Street 

Partnership on the 4th Monday of each month at 12:30 pm.  Tours start 

from the 34th Street Partnership Office in the Rotunda of Penn Station.  

For more information call 212-868-0521.

*Baltimore Light Rail

Phase I of the MTA Central Light Rail Line is now complete, with the 

opening of the segment to Glen Burnie.  

*DC Doings

Washington Metro has been forced to spend scarce capital dollars for 

headhouse enclosures to keep vagrants out of two of its downtown 

Washington stations.  Meanwhile, Metro GM and ex-SEPTA GM David Gunn is 

becoming a lamer and lamer duck.  Gunn has already announced he will not 

stay in DC after his contract expires next March, and WMATA Board 

members are talking about a buy-out. *The outer Green Line (Fort Totten-

Greenbelt) will open December 12.



**Computer Corner:  

New Online Magazine

We welcome Rail Online, a new magazine which is 'published' over 

computer networks.  Editor Peter Kirn says the magazine will combine 

latest news from around the world with a selection of the best 

discussions from various on-line forums.

DVARP is supporting the project by providing articles from this 

newsletter to Rail Online.  You can contribute by sending mail to 

73232.3534@ compuserve.com or 25777 Tara Dr., Barrington IL 60010.

Readers can download the magazine from various hosts or email Dan Dawdy 

at dawdy@ tellabs.com for a subscription.

If you're just getting started on line, see the last few editions of 

this column, or call or e-mail us for some hints.



*DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory

   DVARP main number (voice mail line) 215-222-3373 

1  Chuck Bode, President 215-222-3373 

5  Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation 215-552-4198 

6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration 215-222-3373 

5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations 215-386-2644

3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor  215-885-7448

4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator 215-222-3373 

8  Mark Sanders, Treasurer 215-222-3373

2  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm. 215-659-7736 

     (6 to 9 pm please)

3  Transit Committee 215-885-7448 

7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committe 609-869-0020

Computer e-mail address (internet)iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu



**Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

Saturday, August  21, 1:00 to 4:00  Annual Picnic,  Willow Grove

At the home of Ralph Page, 3140 Woodland Ave.

Broad St. Subway connecting with SEPTA R2 train leaves City Hall 11:49

22 bus leaves Broad and Olney 12:30

See page 14 for details



*Saturday, September 18, 1:00 to 4:00

  Temple Univ. Center City, 1616 Walnut St.

DVARP tour of Amtrak's CETC Facility before the meeting

call 215-222-3373, message box 6 for reservations



*Saturday, October 16, 1:00 to 4:00  Collingswood, NJ



**Agenda for the August meeting:

1:00 introductions, agenda, minutes

1:15 Issues requiring immediate action:

Amtrak legislation

Penjerdel Council

SEPTA budget

2:30 Picnic



**Committee Meetings:

South Jersey Task Force:  Sat., Aug. 21, 11:00 at 104 Edison Ave., 

Collingswood, NJ

Transit Committee:  Wed., Aug. 25.  call 215-222-3373, message box 3 for 

time and place.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Sat., Sept. 11, 11:00 at Chestnut Hill 

Trolley Loop, Germantown Ave and Bethlehem Pike.

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Sept. 11, 12:00 at location to be 

announced, call 215-222-3373, message box 2 for more information.

Light Rail Committee:  no meeting this month






