                   The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger

                           Electronic Edition

                               May  1993

                             Vol. XI, No. 5

 

      Published  by the  Delaware Valley  Association of  Railroad

      Passengers  in  the  interest of  continued,  improved,  and

      expanded rail service for the present and potential railroad

      and  rail transit  passengers of  southeastern Pennsylvania,

      southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.

 

      The electronic  edition is produced  as a public  service to

      the  network  community.   It  is  archived  on  the  CUNYVM

      Listserver  in the  RAILNEWS  directory.  An  index of  back

      issues   is  available   by   sending   INDEX  RAILNEWS   to

      LISTSERV@CUNYVM.  Thanks to  Geert K.  Marien (GKMQC@CUNYVM)

      for  maintaining  this archive!   If  you  have comments  or

      questions, please contact us, not Geert!

 

      (C)  1993 All  rights  reserved.  Please  contact DVARP  for

      permission to redistribute.

 

      For  more information  about  DVARP and  good rail  service,

      please contact  us: P.O.   Box 7505, Philadelphia,  PA 19101

      215-222-3373 iekp898@tjuvm.bitnet or iekp898@tjuvm.tju.edu

 

President: Chuck Bode     Editor:  Matthew Mitchell

for other officers and committee chairs, see page 11

 

Schedule Change Alert:

  SEPTA bus, trolley schedule changes postponed again to May 16.

 

Inside The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...

1     Direct service makes RailWorks(R) easier to bear for some.

2     SEPTA issues FY 94 budgets: hearings this month.

3     RailWorks Roundup:  New subway track will cut delays; construction on

schedule.

Gambaccini promotes the project, but ridership recovery stalls.

5     On the Railroad Lines:  more R5 express service; warning to 13th St

subway users.

6     SEPTA office deal collapses, Cross-County Metro gains legislative

champion.

7     Atlantic City service underway; DVARP, NJARP, NJDOT save Mt. Holly

right-of-way

8     NARP Region III hears from Conrail, Congress, consumers.

10-11     Dates of Interest:  DVARP goes to the ballgame! Up and Down the

Corridor, DVARP Directory

 

entire contents copyright (C) 1993  DVARP, except photos (C) 1993 credited

photographers

 

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not necessarily

those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: call 215-222-3373

 

 

Construction Resumes: R3, R5 Riders Get Direct Trains!

 

by Matthew Mitchell

 

The second shutdown of commuter train service for the RailWorks(R) megaproject

will be a little easier for some commuters to bear; after years of DVARP

efforts, SEPTA will run direct service from Doylestown and West Trenton to

downtown Philadelphia.  A pair of trains will run over Conrail tracks from

Fern Rock to 30th Street, using diesel locomotives leased from NJ Transit.

The direct service vindicates DVARP's position that such service can work; in

meeting after meeting, top SEPTA management insisted it was impossible.

 

Only a partial service

 

The DVARP people who worked so hard to win the service have some residual

disappointment, though.  The two round-trips are only a skeleton of the plan

DVARP put forth two years ago, while they terminate at 30th St., not Suburban

Station.  DVARP continues to press the proposal to restore fans at Suburban so

the diesels could run there; SEPTA continues to dodge the issue, changing the

focus of a peer-review study from limited service for Suburban Station to

full-tunnel diesel runs.

 

R2 passengers and those at local stations will be able to transfer to or from

the 30th Street trains at Fern Rock, to enjoy a much more pleasant trip

downtown.  The tree-lined Conrail route passes through Fairmount Park, and

passengers will be able to rest and relax instead of cramming into hot subway

trains.

 

Publicity???

 

It is yet to be seen how many passengers will use such a limited service.

While it will be a boon to University City commuters (their ride will nearly

as fast as the regular electric trains via Market East), the inconvenience of

the transfer at 30th St. will affect the bulk of the ridership, just like it

does at Fern Rock.

 

As with last year's Fox Chase Special service, a lack of publicity is of

concern to DVARP.  Though RailWorks has a PR budget of over $5 million, no

efforts were made to inform customers of the diesel alternative until the last

week before the shutdown, when most had already made their travel plans,

signing up for car-pools, buying lower-zone passes for CTD service, or

resigning themselves to the hassle of the subway.

 

It is feared that some people will seize on disappointing ridership numbers as

evidence justifying the original decision to force all RRD passengers onto the

Broad Street Subway rather than retain commuter train service.

 

Direct Diesel Schedules

 

     morning-read down          evening-read up

     -     6:34     Doylestown     -     -

     -     7:00     Lansdale     5:47     -

     6:35     -     West Trenton     -     6:38

     7:19     7:36     Fern Rock     5:10     5:50

     7:49L     8:06U     30th Street     4:40U     5:20L

     L-lower level, U-upper level

Morning trains will run as expresses, afternoon trains will make all stops.

 

 

SEPTA Proposes 93-94 Budgets

 

Hearings will be held this month on SEPTA's proposed Fiscal 1994 Operating and

Capital Budgets.  As reported here previously, the Capital Budget year has

been moved forward two months to coincide with the Operating Budget year and

the Pennsylvania state budget year.  DVARP is asking for this to be the first

step towards an integrated planning process within SEPTA that would better

coordinate the two spending plans.

 

In his introduction to the operating budget document, SEPTA GM Louis

Gambaccini insists that additional state funds will be necessary this year to

stave off fiscal crisis at SEPTA.  Normal growth of expenses resumes after a

retrenchment of some 20 million dollars in the current year.  If the money

isn't forthcoming, Gambaccini threatens a fare increase of 10 percent or more.

 

The draft budgets were released to the public just three weeks before the

start of the hearings, placing a huge burden on DVARP volunteers who must

analyze both budgets and prepare statements on them while also monitoring

RailWorks.  Much of the work is being done in committee, and the individual

pieces will be assembled and approved at the DVARP general meeting this month.

Once again, a SEPTA Budget Task Force has been established to coordinate the

work.

 

Hearings on the proposed Operating Budget will take place in all five SEPTA

counties the week of May 17.  The Capital Budget hearing will be May 21 in the

Board Room.

 

Hearing Schedule

 

Doylestown:  May 17, 1:30 pm, Bucks  Co. Courthouse

Norristown:  May 17, 7:00 pm, Mont. Co. Courthouse

West Chester:  May 18, 1:30 pm, W.C. Senior Center

Media:  May 19, 1:30 pm, Del. Co. Government Center

Philadelphia:  May 20, 11:00 am to 11:00 pm SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St.

 

Budget Trouble This Year

 

Meanwhile, SEPTA faces a shortfall of five million dollars in its present

budget, the result of continuing ridership losses on both commuter rail and

transit.  Feather Houstoun, Treasurer of SEPTA, disclosed the problem at the

Board meeting. She described expense reductions intended to close as much of

the gap as possible, but there is a good chance the books won't balance at the

end of the year.

 

We can't cut any more!

 

One of the projected cost-cutting moves was yet another cut in City Transit

Division service levels.  Originally scheduled to take effect in January, many

of the cuts have been postponed at least three times, and are now slated for

this month.  Planning and operating personnel have discovered that many buses

and trolleys are very overcrowded already.  Another cut in service is likely

to be self-defeating.  Not only will fare revenue be lost, but overcrowding

will slow the service further and cut into efficiency.

 

Cuts in rail service implemented last fall have also shown a down side, just

as predicted by DVARP, the City, and many others.  Weekend ridership is down,

while RRD had so many problems on the R5 Paoli line that the cut trains  had to

be restored.  R2 Wilmington ridership remains depressed as the result of the

elimination of express service, too.-MDM

 

 

RailWorks(R) Roundup

 

As construction on the commuter rail trunk resumes, so does our monthly in-

depth coverage of the RailWorks megaproject and its effects on passengers and

non-passengers.

 

RailWorks(R) is a registered trademark of SEPTA.

 

Good Omens for Construction Progress

 

In a report to the SEPTA Board, RailWorks construction managers said that

staging work for the second construction period was on schedule, and they were

optimistic that construction would be completed on time.

 

Several of the bridges and various other components have been prefabricated by

the contractors and are ready to go in, while rails, ties and other smaller

materials have been delivered to the site.

 

The construction contracts are continuing to come in under budget, freeing up

money for additional construction and for ridership rebuilding efforts.  A

total savings of $50 million is projected!

 

Be Careful Down There!

 

While we continue to believe that the subway is safe to ride at most hours,

passengers must be much more alert to the possibility of crime in trains and

at stations.

 

The stabbing of a Frankford man in a corridor connecting the Broad Street and

Market-Frankford lines came at a bad time for SEPTA personnel who are trying

to reassure RailWorks refugees of their safety on the CTD.  While the crime

statistics continue to improve, only a visible police presence and an

atmosphere of calm and order will counter the perception of danger.

 

Market East Service Boosted

 

Pennsy-side passengers will have an easier time of it during the second

construction period, as nearly all trains are scheduled to serve Market East.

Commuters grumbled last year when many trains terminated at Suburban Station,

forcing them to walk and wait for onward connections.

 

R8 Weekend Service Will Run

 

A misprint in the "RailWorks Fact Pack" says that weekend service on the R8

Chestnut Hill West line will be suspended during the summer months.  Rest

assured that that is in error.  Trains will run, but only hourly, on Saturday

and Sunday; shuttle bus service to R7 Chestnut Hill East stations is Monday-

Friday only.

 

New Subway Loop Will Increase Reliability

 

Northbound Broad Street trains are now using a new loop track around Fern Rock

yard and approaching the station from the rear.  Subway-Elevated AGM Judith

Pierce hopes the new track and operating scheme will lick the congestion which

often delayed RRD commuters transferring at Fern Rock.

 

The number of trains needed to carry both the RailWorks refugees and regular

subway customers exceeded the capacity of the stub-end terminal at Fern Rock,

causing routine delays of five minutes or more.

 

Give a "Gee, why didn't I thinkadat" award to the person who realized that

building a track around the yard would bypass the switch causing the

bottleneck.  Give Pierce an A for management, for approving the plan and

getting it done in only ten weeks, at a cost of $850,000 including signals,

electrification, and extending the embankment the yard sits on.   We're trying

to get the names of the people who made this project happen, so we can give

them proper credit, too.

 

Loop will help Broad-Ridge riders, too

 

Even after RailWorks, the new loop will be good for SEPTA and its passengers.

The added capacity at Fern Rock will allow Ridge Avenue trains to be turned

there.  With trains running from Fern Rock to 8th and Market, the Market East

passengers who endured two transfers and 20-30 minute longer travel times

during RailWorks I will get some relief.

 

This also means that repairing the upper-level signal failures at Erie, which

caused last year's Broad-Ridge shutdown, may now not be necessary.  More

coverage next month...

 

Fern Rock I: Embalmed Before the Storm

 

DVARP conducted morning and evening passenger counts at Fern Rock

Transportation Center on March 30th.  The use of the new $10 million facility

was as follows: Morning inbound peak (7:30-9:00am): 134 passengers. Evening

outbound peak (4:00-6:00pm): 91 passengers.

 

Ridership Report

 

In a response to a letter written by DVARP members Ernest and Elaine Cohen,

Lou Gambaccini wrote: "Finally, we consider the Cohen's spurious argument

about RailWorks causing a permanent 10 percent drop in ridership to be the

usual smoke screen of those who insist on maintaining railroad service at all

cost."

 

The following "smoke screen" is from SEPTA's February ridership report.  The

figures show the three lines which were completely shut down (R6, R7 and R8)

are following the historical experience of the 1983 strike.  The three Fern

Rock lines (R2, R3, R5) are also following the trend except they are starting

the recovery process from a higher level.

 

Smoke screen?  The woods are burning.

 

Line (Avg. Wkdy)     Feb '92     Feb '93     Change

R1 Airport     1,933     1,678     -13.2%

R2 Wilmington     7,081     6,261     -11.6%

R3 Media-Elwyn     8,567     7,558     -11.8%

R5 Paoli     21,953     20,426     -7.0%

R6 Cynwyd     404     288     -28.7%

R7 Trenton     8,192     8,127     -0.8%

R8 Chestnut Hill     3,755     3,990     +6.3%

PRR SUBTOTAL     51,885     48,328     -6.9%

 

R2 Warminster     5,162     4,485     -13.1%

R3 West Trenton     7,179     6,093     -15.1%

R5 Doylestown     10,380     9,177     -11.6%

R6 Norristown     3,840     2,731     -28.9%

R7 Chestnut Hill     4,969     3,547     -28.6%

R8 Fox Chase     4,179     2,813     -32.7%

RDG SUBTOTAL     35,709     28,846     -19.2%

 

 

DVARP's Rider Index showed the ridership recovery stalling out in 1993.

Ridership has stabilized at a permanent loss of about 11 percent, or 5,000

daily passengers.

 

(Rider index graph)

 

RailWorks Speed Stealers Revealed

 

The March 1993 RailWorks Update flyer contains an excellent view (on the

bottom of page 2) of the RailWorks speed-stealing curves at the new $37

million Temple Station.  Unlike the trackage at North Broad, these curves are

here to stay.  According to an operating document, the speed limit between

Temple and 16th Street is 30 MPH except at the curves where the limit is 15

MPH.

 

What Lou Told Cleveland

 

(Transcribed from an address Lou Gambaccini made to the City Club Forum,

Cleveland.)

 

"We recently completed the first of two summer shutdowns of half of our rail

system-- some six rail lines-- in order to replace 25 bridges: 13 in 1992 and

12 in 1993.  This was a classic model for what I'm advocating, the cost of

which was originally $350 million.  We expect to produce it for less than $300

million because the competitive marketplace has us getting bids substantially

below estimate.  We're attracting the best contractors who because of the lack

of other work put their best people on these jobs.

 

"We finished ahead of schedule, well below budget.  We almost doubled our

minority goals in local jobs.  In fact I got a "Rosie the Riveter" award

because I'm told that we have more women on more aspects of construction than

any other project in history.  The community has been marvelous, even though

the noise, dust and all the other distractions or problems of construction

have been rather intrusive.  With a carefully crafted community program and

information program they've been very understanding. "It could not be a better

model for what we should be doing at the national level."

 

Some news stories have mentioned that the program's PR effort has won two

awards from the American Public Transit Association whose Chairman is (what a

coincidence!) Lou Gambaccini.-TB

 

Fern Rock II: Calling All Painters!

 

Fern Rock Transportation Center appears to have a faulty paint job. Large

chunks of paint are peeling off the I-beam framework around the perimeter of

the facility. The beams are galvanized, so the facility is protected against

rust--for now.

 

"RailWorks is Killing Me!"

 

Last year DVARP spoke to the owner of the Remington Newsstand in Suburban

Station.  He doubted that he would survive the first shut-down....  He didn't.

The newsstand was taken over by Bradd Allen Bookstores. Bradd Allen is

planning to shut one of the two stands down for remodeling during the last

part of RailWorks but promises service at all times.

 

On the Railroad Lines...

 

SEPTA Policeman Stabbed

 

The Inquirer reports that a 23 year old SEPTA police officer was stabbed on

the concourse near 18th Street and JFK.  He was reported to have just gotten

off a train and was on his way to work at about 10:40 pm.  The officer was

taken to Hahnemann University Hospital and was reported in stable condition.

 

R1

 

Interlocking Upgrades

 

SEPTA has awarded a contract to Union Switch & Signal for centralized traffic

control equipment for Newtown Junction and Jenkintown. This another step in

centralized control of the entire system.

 

Old York Road Bridge In

 

Another engineering and construction success was marked last month as the new

bridge north of Elkins Park was rolled in. . Only two of the three planned

weekend shutdowns were needed to complete the job.

 

Jenkintown Needs Finishing Touches

 

The new information kiosk at Jenkintown appears to be a CIA invisible ink test

station.  The blueprint giving information has been faded by the sunlight and

is unreadable.  Elsewhere at SEPTA's busiest suburban station, the new

outbound platform is being poured.  We hope a little paint will be saved for

the pedestrian tunnel, which remains covered with sometimes-obscene graffiti.

 

R2

 

No Relief Scheduled

 

While the R5 line are getting more express trains this month, Marcus

Hook/Wilmington passengers still are without any express service.  This has

been a sore point for those commuters, who bemoaned the slower service in the

Rider Report Card.

 

R5

 

Express service increased!

 

The new schedules add two new trains to both the morning and afternoon peak on

the Paoli line.  The first Downingtown train is now an express, while the

second Parkesburg train has jumped to "limited" status.  In the afternoon, two

trains were added after 6:00, giving limited and express service to outer Main

Line riders who are working late.

 

Whitford Loses Parking

 

An Amtrak construction project caused the sudden loss to SEPTA patrons of one

of the parking lots at the Whitford station.  Parking is already squeezed on

the Downingtown line, but SEPTA says a few spaces remain at Exton.

 

Doylestown Shuttle Over

 

SEPTA has completed "Lumberworks" the brush-cutting project that resulted in

shuttle buses from Lansdale to Doylestown.

 

Station Repaired

 

New windows have been installed in the shelter at Pennbrook Station.  SEPTA

installed new frames which should contain the damage from vandalism. Those who

normally freeze at the station should be thrilled.

 

R6

 

More Repairs Scheduled

 

SEPTA crews will take advantage of the service shutdown to perform maintenance

on catenary poles on the Norristown line.

 

R8

 

"Missing" Line Recovered

 

The mystery of the missing 150 feet of the Newtown Line has been solved.

SEPTA planner Gerald Kane assures DVARP that the line will be restored by

SEPTA and the missing fill was SEPTA's doing.

 

MFSE

 

13th Street Warning!

 

The encampment of homeless persons in the concourse outside the eastbound (to

Frankford) subway station at 13th Street has led to unsafe conditions for

passengers trying to exit the subway there.

 

A stabbing and an assault have occurred there in recent weeks; though both

victims and perpetrators were persons living in the concourse, the situation

isn't under control.

 

Until the Rendell administration implements its announced plan to evict the

persons who are drinking, using drugs, and using the corridor as a toilet, we

urge passengers to avoid this station during evening and weekend hours when

the concourse level entrance to the 1234 Market building is closed.  Subway-

surface passengers should exit via the westbound  MFSE platform, which is

still safe to use.

 

News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Howard Bender, Chuck

Bode, Tom Borawski, Betsey Clark, Don Nigro, John Pawson, Steve Spitzmiller.

 

Become a DVARP news correspondent!

Call your news tips in to

215-222-3373, message box 3

 

 

SEPTA HQ: 1234 Doesn't Add Up       by Tom Borawski

 

In the latest twist to SEPTA's Wile E. Coyote-like pursuit of a headquarters

building, Mellon Bank allowed an option to expire on the Authority's first

choice, 1234 Market Street. This places the building under the control of the

Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and ends a potential deal with SEPTA.

FDIC is required to auction the building off, a lengthy process. The Inquirer

quotes Stewart Cades, Chairman of the SEPTA Board Real Estate Committee: "We

don't have the luxury of time." No reason for Mellon's backing out of the deal

has been reported.

 

SEPTA is now evaluating its second choice:  1650 Arch. Philadelphia Business

Journal speculates, "...how [will City Council President John] Street and others

who opposed the Gallery pad react if a deal for choice No. 2, 1650 Arch, also

fails.  Take it one step further, just for fun:  Imagine if SEPTA officials

actually intended this all along..."

 

The Journal article suggests a SEPTA bias towards the Gallery site.  Certainly

there is evidence of a preference. DVARP has obtained a copy of the

preliminary outline for the Regional Rail Control Center.  The outline was

configured for the Gallery site; however, it did state that it was applicable

to other locations.  The question remains:  how many "preliminary" plans are

out there?  DVARP is attempting to confirm reports that control center fiber

optics have already been installed at the Gallery site.

 

It appears that contrary to what DVARP has been told the issue of the RRD

Operating Center IS an important factor in the decision.  Philadelphia

Business Journal quotes Cades saying, "It would not make or break a deal, but

it would clearly enhance a deal."

 

Moreover, the newspapers have begun to call it a "system-wide" control center,

not a "Regional Rail Control Center."  There is no project item for a system-

wide control center in SEPTA's current Capital Budget and Plan.

 

DVARP has suggested that the control center should be at a remote, hardened

site and not in insecure- and expensive- Center City office space.  A SEPTA

official told DVARP that the choice to have a Center City control center was

purely a matter of "philosophy."

 

SEPTA may scoff at the idea of an armed group occupying the control center and

paralyzing it.  They may hint that the razor wire surrounding a remote,

secured control center will be little more effective than the security

measures it plans for the Center City site.  But even the best urban security

is no match for a remote site.  Perhaps SEPTA's new bond firm, Grigsby

Brandford & Co., whose office is in the recently bombed World Trade Center,

could offer testimony to that fact.

 

Board Backs off Ad Decision

 

Under fire from community activists, the SEPTA Board is seeing if a contract

permitting alcoholic beverage and cigarette advertisements on SEPTA buses can

be modified to ban the offending ads.  The ad restrictions may reduce the cash

SEPTA will receive from TDI, the advertising contractor.-MDM

 

Greenleaf Seeks CC Metro $

 

The Inquirer reports that State Senator Stewart Greenleaf (R-Montgomery Co.)

would introduce a bill to place SEPTA's Cross County Metro project in the

state Capital Budget.  Greenleaf's office had contacted DVARP for a copy of

our position paper on the project.

 

It seems strange that a funding bill could be introduced before a project-or

its actual usefulness-is defined. The Cross County Metro feasibility study is

expected in September, according to the Inquirer.

 

While we support the restoration of passenger rail service on the "Trenton

Cut-off," DVARP has urged a cautious approach to this project.  A failed Cross

County Metro will be the mass transit "bloody shirt" that the highway lobby

waves in front of the media, public and politicos. A copy of DVARP's position

paper can be obtained by sending a self addressed stamped envelope to CC Metro

Paper, Box 546, Fort Washington, PA 19034.-TB

 

Freights 'Ain't Gonna Be On Delaware Avenue

 

The Interstate Commerce Commission has rejected Conrail's bid to block CP Rail

from the Philadelphia market.  This eliminates the threat of long freights

winding their way over the Philadelphia Belt Line on Delaware Avenue.

According to Philadelphia Business Journal, the State  Legislature withheld

funding for increasing clearances on Conrail's ex-Reading main line until CP

and Conrail could agree on charges to access the Tioga Marine Terminal.

According to the Journal that agreement has been reached.

 

NJ Transit:  The Way to Go

AC-Philadelphia in Service!

 

A multitude of newspaper ads are heralding the restoration of commuter rail

service from Philadelphia to Atlantic City.  NJ Transit is starting the

service this month with six round trips every day for commuters, casino

employees, and day-trippers.  The ride will take about 90 minutes.

 

NJ Transit ticket and validating machines have been installed in the main

concourse of 30th Street Station, behind stairway 9.  The ticket machine works

like a bank teller machine, with buttons surrounding a video screen.  The

machine accepts cash and credit cards.  Follow the instructions closely, and

be sure to stamp your ticket in the validating machine before boarding the

train.

 

The one-way fare from Philadelphia to Atlantic City is $6.00, which is

competitive with bus services.

 

NJ Moves to Preserve Mt. Holly Line

 

Through the direct and indirect encouragement of DVARP and the New Jersey

Association of Railroad Passengers (NJARP), the New Jersey Department of

Transportation (NJDOT) has staked its rightful claim to a 10-acre railroad

right-of-way segment in Mount Holly. Conrail, who now owns this property, was

planning to sell it to the Rancocas Conservancy, a local environmental group.

 

Rick Remington, NJDOT spokesman, told the Inquirer, "we have notified Conrail

of our interest in this proposed transfer to the conservancy." He also added

that the department is "very interested" in buying the property. "We have the

authority for acquisition to the right-of-way to preserve the area for future

transportation development," he said.

 

Until the recent communications, NJDOT had not expressed even an interest to

Conrail to acquire any portion of the right-of-way which extends to Fort Dix.

The right-of-way is one of ten that, through the initiative of a 1989 state

wide referendum and Senate Bill No. 3025 of 1991, were to be acquired with a

$10 million appropriation.

 

Earlier this year, it became public knowledge that Conrail had contracts drawn

up to sell a 3/4 mile portion of this right-of-way in Mount Holly to the

environmental group for one dollar. The sale of this section would have

severed the bulk of the Senate bill-designated right-of-way from that of the

active railroad south of Mount Holly. DVARP and NJARP advocated that

possession of this Burlington County right-of-way must not be broken up away

from state ownership, especially for non-transportation uses. Since Conrail

had set such a low price for the property, DVARP and NJARP contended that

NJDOT should be able to acquire the segment from the freight railroad at a

minimal amount through negotiation or condemnation. Even if funds from the $10

million 1991 state appropriation were dwindling, there would be significant

means remaining from the 1992 $15 million appropriation, an allotment

designated to acquire far fewer rights-of-way.

 

The voters of New Jersey let their opinion be known on preservation and

acquisition of railroad right-of-ways for future transportation needs. In the

1989 state-wide referendum, New Jersey voters approved the spending of $25

million to acquire unused railroad right-of-ways so that these strategic

properties would remain physically and politically accessible for future rail

transportation.

 

DVARP advocates that the Mount Holly right-of-way be a major component in the

transportation system that will come from the Burlington-Gloucester Corridor

Study.  The Burlington County service should extend not only to a pedestrian

station in Mount Holly, but also eastward over the right-of-way designated in

the Senate bill to a park and ride station in proximity to Route 206.  In

addition, the transportation system should not preclude future extensions to

Fort Dix.

 

DVARP appreciates the concern and activism that New Jersey State Senator

Robert E. Littel has exhibited on this recent matter.  Senator Littel, of

Franklin, NJ, was one of the six co-sponsors of Senate Bill 3025.-DN

 

$850 Million Newark Expansion

 

NJT is recommending $850 million in projects which include a $120 million

upgrading of the Newark subway trolley line, a $571 million light rail trolley

line with 11 stations which would tie into the Newark City Subway at Orange

St. and a $157 million rail station on the Northeast corridor to be located at

Haynes Av. which would be linked to the airport's three main terminals by an

extension of the airport's monorail line. Also planned is a $2 million bus-

rail terminal in Elizabeth.

 

Another part of the expansion plans will replace Newark PCC's--not with busses

but with new LRV's.

 

New Rail Fare Policies Effective July     by Matthew Mitchell

 

At its meeting last month, the SEPTA Board approved a broad package of tariff

proposals which will take effect July 1.  The four-year-old practice of

charging a penalty on all on-board sales (April DVRP) will be abandoned.

 

Tariffs amended

 

On the recommendation of DVARP and other participants in the public hearing,

the penalty to be charged to passengers who purchase tickets on board when a

ticket agent or machine was available at their boarding location was reduced

from $3.00 to $2.00.

 

But the controversial proposal to fine passengers who ride beyond the zone of

their ticket or pass without informing the  conductor remained in the final

package.  DVARP denounced the idea at the hearing, saying that it would lead

to disputes between passengers and crew and drive people off the trains.

SEPTA cited an undercover study which found that two out of three passengers

who attempted to evade the extra fare succeeded.

 

Embarrassment causes crackdown

 

Revelation of that fact at the Operating Committee meeting caused significant

pain to RRD management, as did DVARP's reports of widespread failure of SEPTA

crews to comply with ticket collecting policies.  In a DVARP test, a passenger

who displayed only the bottom edge of his pass was asked to show the whole

pass only 8 times in an entire month.

 

Since the hearing, crews were reinstructed on proper procedures, and

compliance with them has increased significantly.  Some passengers may find it

annoying to be asked to show their TrailPass several times, but those are the

rules.

 

Passengers, crew confused

 

Much of the "override" problem is concentrated on the R7 Trenton line, which

sees much traffic from occasional riders.  Those passengers often don't know

that the policy of honoring zone 3 passes to all zones does not apply to out-

of-state destinations.

 

Likewise, there is terrible confusion over the honoring of CTD TransPasses on

off-peak trains to points outside the City of Philadelphia, and passengers

count on being charged a different amount each trip.  Some crew find the

process of determining and collecting the correct fare to be so difficult that

they let the passenger ride free instead of collecting it.  DVARP is seeking a

better alternative.

 

NARP Region III Meets

by John Dawson, NARP Region III Director

 

The annual Region III (DE, NJ, PA) meeting of the National Association of

Railroad Passengers (NARP) was held at the Grand Concourse Restaurant in

Pittsburgh on Saturday, March 27.  The site was the former Pittsburgh and Lake

Erie station,  a magnificent setting for rail meetings.  Kudos to KARP for

handling the arrangements and staging a tour of PAT's light rail system,

including a visit to the control center and shops.  KARP even arranged for the

group to have their own private "trolley" cars, a Siemens-Duewag LRV for the

outbound trip and a PCC car for the return.

 

Conrail's perspective

 

The principal outside speaker at the meeting was Robert Baker, Executive

Director of State and Local Affairs for Conrail.  [It should be noted that

Baker played a major role in making it possible for SEPTA to operate detour

diesel service over Conrail tracks to 30th Street during RailWorks.]  Conrail

operates 20,000 miles of track in 14 states, employs 25,000 persons, and is a

major carrier of chemicals, intermodal shipments, coal, and autos and auto

parts.  Conrail has done a good job of reducing its costs, but now needs to

expand its revenues.

 

From a freight perspective, one of the more important happenings in

Pennsylvania is the decision to increase clearances on two routes across the

state.  This confers economic benefits to the Philadelphia area by making the

region accessible to double-stack trains.  The total cost will be $79.8

million, of which Conrail will pay 53%, CP 4%, and the state 43%.  The job

will require three construction seasons and employ 8000 persons.  Conrail is

planning to expand its intermodal yards in Pittsburgh and Harrisburg to

accommodate the additional traffic.

 

On the issue of accepting high-speed passenger trains on freight tracks,

Conrail's position is that any trains running faster than 90 mph should be on

dedicated track.  It is willing to accommodate slower trains, provided it is

reimbursed for any excess costs and there is no degradation of freight

service.  Conrail is also willing to allow high-speed tracks on its right-of-

way, but only after all engineering and safety issues are resolved.  Conrail

is willing to negotiate with Amtrak and other passenger carriers, but expect

it to be a tough negotiator.

 

NARP members concerned about Amtrak

 

Members expressed several concerns that they wished the region's directors

would take to the April NARP Board meeting.  These included the need for

better local transit connections to Amtrak trains, especially in smaller

towns; the need to coordinate Amtrak and intercity bus schedules; and Amtrak

maintenance problems which are adversely affecting reliability.  With respect

to the second point, Fullington Trailways, which receives a state operating

subsidy, was cited for providing poor connections with trains at Harrisburg

and Lewistown for passengers traveling to/from State College.

 

On the last point, Amtrak maintenance problems have long been a major NARP

concern.  The basic problem is that Amtrak's locomotive fleet is aging and

overextended.  [To hammer the point home, on the very day of the meeting

Amtrak was forced to annul the eastbound Pennsylvanian (#42) in order to

supply a locomotive to the westbound Capitol Ltd (#29).  A late running

Broadway, #40, was able to cover for the missing train.]

 

Passage of Clinton's stimulus package would have helped, as it included funds

for new locomotives to be built by GE in Erie and for an expansion of overhaul

activities at Beech Grove, Indiana.  Unfortunately, it was blocked in Congress

by the Republican filibuster led by Senator Robert Dole of Kansas, who is

taking a hard line against any additional funding for Amtrak.

 

Santorum gives Congressional perspective

 

The afternoon session started with a surprise visit by U.S. Rep. Rick

Santorum.  The engagement became somewhat unsettling, however, when Santorum

after expressing support for rail passenger service stated that he expected

rail to pay its own way.  He did not rule out all federal support, but felt

that rail users should establish a trust fund, patterned after the highway and

aviation trust funds, and use it to support needed capital investment.  When

members raised the issue of an uneven playing field, he warned us against

playing games with loose economic arguments.  He also stated he was not

interested in historical inequities, but wanted to know what was happening

now.  He made it clear that if we want him to support rail programs, we have

to give some very solid arguments for doing so.

 

There are some lessons to be learned here by both sides.  First, he needs to

understand that it is not possible to establish a rail trust fund.  How would

it be done? If the suggestion is to impose a ticket tax, why not just raise

fares and forget the trust fund?  The answer is that higher fares drive away

business and do not necessarily increase revenue.  Perhaps it could come from

a tax on fuel consumed by passenger locomotives.  The last thing Amtrak needs

is another expense.  Maybe if the base were expanded to include all railroads,

sufficient revenues could be raised.  Freight railroads would love that, and

it would certainly give them a strong incentive to kill passenger service.

[Actually the proposal to give 1c from the gas tax to Amtrak would have

elements of this, as railroads currently pay the 22c per gallon that goes to

deficit reduction.  The Ampenny would come from this portion.]

 

Rail advocates need to do their homework and develop good arguments that will

convert an audience comprised of more than their own choir.  Perhaps, the best

argument is that it may be cheaper to expand rail service than to build new

highways and airports.  Highway and airway users do gain a benefit when

traffic is diverted and congestion relieved.  And then there are the

externalities of clean air and reduced petroleum imports.

 

PAT transit woes like Philadelphia's

 

In addition to its light rail lines, PAT (Port Authority Transit) also

operates a comprehensive network of bus routes, some of which operate on

private rights-of-way.  PAT probably has more experience with segregated

busways than any other transit property in the U.S.  However, according to

speakers at the meeting PAT is experiencing falling ridership and is facing

financial constraints that forced at 2% service cut in December (including

suspension of the LRT subway shuttle to Penn Station) and another 6% cut in

February.  In addition, the March blizzard added costs the system could ill

afford.  Sounds like SEPTA, but it is well to remember that many of the

problems we are experiencing in Philadelphia are also being felt by other

transit properties around the country.

 

Next year in Delaware

 

The Delmarva Rail Passenger Association has agreed to host the 1994 Region III

meeting.  It will be in the Wilmington area, probably in March.  Plan to

attend!

 

 

Take Us Out to the Ball Game!

 

For all you SEPTA riders who have earned free Phillies tickets this month,

DVARP is planning a special night out at the Vet on Monday, June 7.  To sit

with our group, meet at the Connie Mack statue near the Broad Street Subway

exit at 7:20, or check the sign posted at the 500 level Phillies Newsstand.

 

Hi Ho!  Come to the Fair!

 

DVARP wants you to volunteer to spend part of a day at one or more community

fairs like Mount Airy Day or the Clark Park Festival.  You'll talk to your

neighbors about how good passenger rail service can make your community

better, hand out literature, and collect signatures on petitions.

 

Contact DVARP's Volunteer Coordinator, Betsey Clark, at 215-222-3373, message

box 4.

 

Volunteers always welcome

 

We have lots of other ways for you to use your talents, whatever they are, to

help win better transportation.  Please call us!

 

Clarification: Membership Renewal

 

A few people have confused our reduced introductory membership rate with the

regular renewal rate.  The $10.00 rate applies only to new members who join

DVARP after April 1.  All regular renewals, before or after April 1, are

$15.00.  Thank you for your understanding and for renewing your membership.

 

DVARP Discusses Newsletter Policy

 

Expansion of The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger and an influx of new

contributors to the newsletter has created the need for DVARP to set an

editorial policy for it and formally appoint an editor.  An interim policy was

unanimously agreed to at last month's general meeting.

 

Should this newsletter add a letters page? Accept ads? How should opinion

contributions and official DVARP statements be handled?  You can answer these

and other questions by coming to this month's meeting or sending your opinions

about the newsletter to DVARP.

 

 

Dates of Interest

 

SEPTA on Site (RRD):  Thursday mornings: 7:30 to 9:00 am, at Suburban Station

or Market East Station.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Proposed Route 42 Revisions:  Fri., May 14, 10:00 am

at SEPTA Board Room.

Delaware Transportation Festival:  Sat., May 15, 10:00 to 5:00 at Wilmington

Station and Tues., May 18 10:00 to 8:00 at Delaware DOT headquarters,

Dover.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., May 15, 1:00 to 3:00 pm at 104 Edison Ave.,

Collingswood, NJ.

SEPTA transit timetables change May 16-17.  Note second change of date!  Call

580-7777 for new schedules.

SEPTA Public Hearings on Proposed FY 1994 Operating Budget:  Mon., May 17,

1:30 at Bucks County Courthouse, Doylestown; Mon., May 17, 7:00 at

Montgomery County Courthouse, Norristown; Tues., May 18, 1:30 at West

Chester Senior Center; Wed., May 19, 1:30 at Delaware County Government

Center, Media; Thurs., May 20, 11:00 am to 11:00 pm (or last testimony)

at Philadelphia.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., May 18, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board Room,

714 Market St., Phila.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., May 19, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 3:30 to

5:30 pm at 69th St., 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Proposed FY 1994 Capital Budget:  Fri., May 21, 10:00

at SEPTA Board Room.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society Tour of Amtrak Interlockings:  Sat., May 22,

8:00 am, departing from 30th St. Station. Tour fee $10.00.  Reservations

required, call Kathy Zimmerman, 215-569-1795.

Buckingham Valley Trolley Association N-5 Car Excursion:  Sun., May 23,  8:00

am to 2:00 pm. Call George Metz, 215-565-0528 for details.  Fare $25.00,

advance purchase suggested. Write BVTA, Box 7825, Phila., 19101.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., May 27, 3:00, SEPTA Board Room, 714 Market St.,

Third Floor, Philadelphia.

Electric Power Research Institute Urban Rail Issues Workshop:  Thurs. and

Fri., May 27-28 in Baltimore.  Call Dorey Larsen, 510-444-8707 for

details.

IEEE Vehicular Technology Society and Philadelphia Railway MU Car Club Joint

Dinner Meeting:  Wed., June 2, Social hour 5:15 pm, lecture 7:30 at

Holiday Inn Midtown, 1305 Walnut St.  Topic: The X2000: Test Results.

Reservations required for dinner, call Kathy Zimmerman, 215-569-1795.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thurs., June 3, 6:30 pm at Wilmington

Station.  info: Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419.

DVARP Light Rail Committee:  Fri., June 4, 5:00 at North (Route 100) Waiting

Room, 69th Street Terminal.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., June 12, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121

Chestnut St., Philadelphia.

DVARP General Meeting:  Sat., June 19, 1:00 to 4:00 pm at 10 South Ave.,

Jenkintown-Wyncote, PA.

 

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to confirm

time & place.

 

Up and Down the Corridor

News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

 

Farecard Setback in New York

 

The introduction of automatic fare collection equipment on TA buses and

subways will be pushed back to 1995, due to problems experienced by the

company making the equipment.

 

Toronto "Moves" on Rail Expansion

 

Provincial and Metro authorities have given their blessing to the ambitious GO

Transit commuter rail and TTC subway expansion plan called "Let's Move."

 

Montreal Mulls Commuter Expansion Too

 

Six different lines are being considered for commuter rail expansion in

Quebec.  STCUM currently operates a modest service over two lines.

 

Boston Link Gets New Life?

 

Governor Weld is warming to the idea of a rail tunnel linking North Station

and South Station in Boston.  The link would enhance commuter rail service by

giving riders a choice of downtown destinations, and connect Amtrak's proposed

Boston-Portland ME service to the rest of the national system.  Many technical

hurdles need to be overcome, even if $1.5 billion can be found to do the

project.  Electrification of MBTA commuter rail is being considered as part of

the package.

 

Compiled from BITNET,New York Times, APTA

  

Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

 

Saturday, May 15, 1:00 to 4:00     104 Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ

Frequent PATCO service from Philadelphia, allow 30 minutes from 16th St.

Exit station, turn left, walk one block west under tracks to Edison Ave., turn

left to 104.

 

Monday, June 7, 7:35 pm          DVARP Night at the Phillies

meet at Connie Mack statue at 7:20 or see sign at 500-level newsstand for seat

location

 

Saturday, June 19, 1:00 to 4:00     Jenkintown

 

Saturday, July 16, 1:00 to 4:00     Center City Philadelphia

 

 

Agenda for the May meeting:

1:00 introductions, agenda, minutes

1:15 Issues requiring immediate action:

RailWorks(R): shutdown II

SEPTA operating budget

SEPTA capital budget

 

 

 

2:30  Other Business:

Commuter Rail Committee:

     RRD service plan

South Jersey Committee:

     Burlington-Gloucester corridor

     Jersey shore service

3:15  General:

Fall meeting locations

Incorporation of DVARP

Newsletter editorial policy

 

 

Committee Meetings:

 

South Jersey Task Force:  Sat., May 15, 11:00 am  at 104 Edison Ave.,

Collingswood

 

Light Rail Committee:  Fri., June 4, 5:00 pm at North Terminal (Route 100)

waiting room, 69th Street Terminal.  Topic: light rail in western suburbs.

N-5 inspection ride to follow!

 

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., June 12, noon to 2:00 at Chestnut Gourmet,

1121 Chestnut St.

 

Transit Committee:  TBA:  call DVARP Voice Mail, 215-222-3373, message box 3.


