The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger
Electronic Edition

March  1994
Vol. XII, No. 3
ISSN 1073-6859

Published by the Delaware Valley Association of Railroad Passengers in 
the interest of continued, improved, and expanded rail service for the 
present and potential railroad and rail transit passengers of 
southeastern Pennsylvania, southern New Jersey, and nearby areas.

For more information about DVARP and good rail service, please contact us:
P.O. Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA  19101
215-222-3373
<73243.1224@compuserve.com>  or  <mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov>

**Schedule change alert:  Daylight time ends April 10.  New timetables 
will take effect then on Amtrak and SEPTA and NJ Transit commuter 
trains, and SEPTA suburban transit. 

**NARP Region III Meeting: Sat., Apr. 16, in Wilmington  
    call 302-995-6419 for information

Inside the Delaware Valley Rail Passenger...
@@A  SEPTA Mum on Threat to Cynwyd Trains:  We (Still) Await Your Reply
@@B  From the Editor's Seat:  Dear Congresswoman--
@@C  DVARP Resolution on Fed Budget 
@@D  Election Time is Coming: Get Involved
@@E  Still More Snow!
@@F  Storms Hit Transit in the Wallet 
@@G  On the Railroad Lines...
  Old Breaker Blues 
  You Have Been Warned...
  30th St. Work Underway 
  New RRD Customer Center
@@R1  Downed Wire Brings Ire
@@R2  Put to Sleep by Slow Train?
  LumberWorks Latest
@@R5  Bryn Mawr Rebuild OKed
  Man Arrested in Lansdale Assaults: Hey Fort Washington: Got a Light?
  Lansdale Trans. Center Proposed
@@R6  SEPTA Sues to Stop Floods
@@R7  Platforms Curtailed
@@R8  Trespasser Struck
@@H  SEPTA RRD Notes
  Snow Brakes? How About Leaf Brakes?
  Order, Order!
  Focus on 'Snowbirds'
  Rails Help 'the Competition'
@@I  SEPTA Suburban Transit Division
  N5 Lease to Net $1.3 M 
  New 'Pans' for Trolleys 
@@J  SEPTA City Transit/Subway-Elevated Division
  Concourse Much Improved
  Alternative for DelCo Homeless Stalled 
  Risky Business, Those Stairs
  New Frankford Terminal in Design Stage
  El Redecking Continues
  Single Tracking Between 30th and 52nd
  The Team that Rides Together...?
@@K  SEPTA City Transit/Light Rail Division
  Confusion in the Subway
  Trolley Coalition Tours Elmwood 
@@L  SEPTA City Transit Schedule Change Highlights 
@@M  SEPTA City Transit/Surface Division
  Snow Solutions Coming?
  Meritorious Service Medals
  'Biodiesel' Demonstration
@@N  Where's Route 202?
@@O  Wayne Junction:  The Story That Didn't Happen 
@@P  Norristown-Reading Opportunity?
@@Q  422 "Town Center" Dead, Kulpsville Plan Alive
@@R  MontCo Grants for Community Service?
@@S  SEPTA Coalition Reawakens?
@@T  Phone Changes
@@U  Employer Trip Reduction Upheld Again 
@@V  Mediator Sought in Trackage Issues
@@W  Another Term for Board Honchos
@@X  $1.7 Billion California Road Subsidy 
@@Y  Grade Crosssing Crash in DelCo: 4 Dead
@@Z  Trailways Teams with Amtrak
@@AA  30th Street in a Pickle!
@@BB  Diamond State Notes
  Snow Hits Evening Service 
@@CC  South Jersey Update
  PATCO Celebrates 25th
  DVARP Committee Meets with Senator
  DVARP Ad Seeks Moorestown Support
  NJ Study: Transit is Part of the Job Plan 
  NJT Ridership Stats
@@DD  How a Cynwyd Closure Would Affect 400,000 Residents
@@EE  Railroads, People Take 2nd Place in Foreign Affairs
@@FF  Countrywide 'Highway Revolt'
@@GG  Think Spring!  Get Out Your Bicycle!
@@HH  Green Time- a Great Idea 
@@II  Architectural and Engineering Marvel Reborn
@@JJ  GAO Says Transit Shortchanged
@@KK  Computer Corner: DVRP Now on Fidonet
@@LL  Site Set for NARP Region III Meeting
@@MM  Evening DVARP Meeting
@@NN  DVARP to Host '95 Meeting?
@@OO  Dates of Interest
@@PP  DVARP Membership/Renewal Coupon
@@QQ  Up and Down the Corridor
  Snow Cripples LIRR
  More Park in Metropark
  WMATA to Lose its 'Edge?'
@@RR  DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory
@@SS  Upcoming DVARP Meetings:
  Saturday, March 19, 1:00 to 4:00    Collingswood Public Library
  Thursday, April 14, 6:00 to 9:00 pm    Temple University Center City
  Saturday, April 16, 10:00 am    NARP Region III Meeting, Wilmington
@@TT  Agenda for the March meeting:
@@UU  Committee Meetings:

DVARP President: Chuck Bode        
Newsletter Editor: Matthew Mitchell
Production Manager: Tom Borawski
for other officers and committee chairs, see page 19    

entire contents copyright (C) 1994 DVARP

Opinions expressed in The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger are not 
necessarily those of DVARP or its members.  We welcome your comments: 
call 215-222-3373

News compiled by Matthew Mitchell and correspondents: Chuck Bode, Howard 
Bender, Tom Borawski,  Betsey Clarke, John Dawson, Aron Eisenpress, 
Lucia Esther, Mimi Halpern, John Hay, Bob Machler, Don Nigro, John 
Pawson, Raymond Straub.

Additional news from BITNET, Bicycle Coalition of the Delaware Valley, 
Delaware County Daily Times, KYW-AM, Lansdale Reporter, Newark Star-
Ledger, the News-Gleaner, Norristown Times-Herald, Passenger Transport, 
Philadelphia Daily News, Philadelphia Inquirer, Pottstown Mercury, 
USENET, Washington Post.

The Delaware Valley Rail Passenger is a charter member of the Rail 
Online Newswire.

@@A SEPTA Mum on Threat to Cynwyd Trains:  We (Still) Await Your Reply
  by John Pawson

Indications are that the remnant of service to Cynwyd is to become 
SEPTA's next commuter rail abandonment because of a decaying Amtrak-
owned bridge, the condition of which is known by Amtrak but apparently 
is being ignored by SEPTA. 

The bridge now carries the outbound R6 Cynwyd trains.  It crosses the 
abandoned freight yard near the abandoned 52nd Street Station in West 
Philadelphia, and is known as the "52nd Street Jumpover." This through-
truss bridge formerly carried westbound SEPTA R5 Paoli-Parkesburg trains 
and Amtrak trains to Harrisburg and beyond, but those trains now use a 
new ground-level track. 

An Amtrak official told DVARP that rumors concerning the bridge's 
condition are true; Amtrak expects to take the span out of service: 
probably in 1994. 

DVARP therefore sent registered letters on December 6 to appropriate top 
SEPTA officials, outlining the problem and asking what action SEPTA is 
taking to maintain a suitable outbound route for the R6 Cynwyd trains.  
The obvious alternatives are repair of the bridge or construction of a 
1500 foot ground-level track on existing grade from the new westbound 
R5/Amtrak track to the present R6 track beyond the jumpover.  As of 
press time [February 26], no reply has been received by DVARP. 

We can only assume the following scenario will play out sometime this 
year: 

1. Amtrak notifies SEPTA that the 52nd Street Jumpover will shortly (or 
immediately) be taken out of service. 

2. Amtrak also tells SEPTA that the operation of both outbound and 
inbound R6 Cynwyd trains via the duckunder track at 52nd Street designed 
for inbound trains was previously tried and found to be infeasible 
because of the volume of peak train traffic in the 52nd Street area. 

3. SEPTA blames Amtrak for "forcing" it to discontinue R6 Cynwyd 
service.  If the Amtrak notice is urgent (recall the 1984 closure of the 
Columbia Avenue bridge), passengers may arrive at their stations unaware 
of what is happening. 

4. SEPTA officials trot out a scheme for replacing the Cynwyd commuter 
rail service with a branch of the City Transit Division's light rail 
system "at some future date." SEPTA tells commuters and on-line civic 
associations that commuter rail service cannot be restored.  SEPTA asks 
their support for "fast-tracking" the trolley scheme despite the fact 
that it has been rejected in the past by the commuters and the 
communities in which they live.

Inside: A Better Idea for R6--search for @@DD

@@B  From the Editor's Seat:  Dear Congresswoman--

I am writing this editorial to explain why the present plan to phase out 
(or substantially reduce) Federal operating support for mass transit is 
a bad idea.  As long as there are young, elderly, and disabled people in 
America, America is going to need public transportation.  To eliminate 
it or cut it back so far as to make it unusable is to say to these 
people that their contribution to society is not necessary. 

But while the people who cannot drive a car are the first reason transit 
exists, public transit cannot be economically viable unless it attracts 
discretionary ridership-people who choose (and let me stress the word 
"choose") to ride a train because it's convenient and they know it's 
good for their community. 

Every time someone chooses to leave the car at home, every other citizen 
benefits in many ways:  Those who still drive will waste less time stuck 
in traffic-one less car will threaten the lives of our children-we all 
will have cleaner air to breathe-a little bit less of Montgomery County 
will get paved over-and we will have one less driver picking taxpayers 
pockets. 

I can't emphasize the last point enough: though uninformed people may 
think that because the states and the Federal government tax gasoline, 
there is no subsidy for cars and trucks; the facts are that every driver 
gets a huge subsidy: 40 percent by DOT figures.  Our property and wage 
taxes pay for local roads, our state sales taxes pay for cleaning up 
after storms, while you just voted to spend nearly two billion Federal 
dollars on repairing 'free'ways in California, deficit spending which our 
children will be paying for in their income taxes. 

As long as we cut transit subsidies while ignoring road subsidies, the 
decisions made by both governments and by individuals will be skewed.  
The marginal cost of driving is artificially low when compared to riding 
a train, so people drive even though trains are more efficient.  Local 
governments build roads instead of mass transit, because they can get up 
to nine times more Federal subsidy per local dollar by building roads.  
Does this make sense? 

I am also distressed by the proposed funding cuts because it is this 
same Federal government which has imposed numerous mandates upon transit 
operators, but not provided the means to implement them.  The Americans 
with Disabilities Act was just one of the most obvious; take also the 
Clean Air Act, the recent expansion of mandatory drug and alcohol 
testing.  In passing these bills, your colleagues said they would benefit 
the entire nation, but none of those purported savings found their way 
back to the transit operators who paid for your largesse.  You in 
Congress also place an ever-growing burden of safety regulations on mass 
transit, adding to the costs transit operators bear; but you cave in on 
auto safety mandates even though driving is ten times more hazardous 
than taking a train.

We are a long way from having the balanced transportation system which 
will help rather than harm our community.  Ending public transit 
subsidies but not ending road subsidies is the wrong way to go.

Your constituent, 
Matthew Mitchell

(The editor lives in the 13th Congressional District, Pennsylvania, 
presently represented by Marjorie Margoles-Mezvinsky [D])

@@C  DVARP Resolution on Fed Budget 

At the February General Meeting, DVARP members rejected a resolution 
opposing the proposed Balanced Budget Amendment, voting instead to go on 
record that cuts in Federal spending should not further the imbalance in 
our transportation system.  

The resolution was proposed by members who feared that if the amendment 
were adopted, resulting cuts in Federal spending would disproportionally 
affect Amtrak and the nation's public transit systems, who already face 
reductions in their Federal operating support.  (see cover story, 
February DVRP)  

After that resolution failed, an overwhelming majority of the members in 
attendance approved the alternative statement.  DVARP President Chuck 
Bode wrote letters informing area lawmakers of the DVARP position and 
recommending that cuts needed to balance the Federal budget should 
target the insisious subsidies for highways, aviation, and waterways as 
well as rail transportation.

ED. NOTE: The Balanced Budget Amendment failed to gain the required two-
thirds Senate majority.

@@D  Election Time is Coming: Get Involved

All U.S. House and some Senate seats are up for election this year, 
while  Pennsylvania elects a governor, the entire house, and half  its 
senators.  Fields are shaping up, and the primary election is little 
more than a month away.  Now is the time for DVARP members to attend 
candidate forums or otherwise contact the candidates.  Ask the 
candidates their position on local and inter-city public transportation.  

Impress upon the candidates the importance of public transportation to 
your quality of life.  A few dollars spent to attend a fundraiser could 
be a useful investment.  And of course be sure to vote!  It is much 
easier to elect pro-transit officials than to convert pro-auto officials 
after the election is over.-CB 

@@E  Still More Snow!

Another snowstorm hit the Delaware Valley February 11th, causing delays 
or annullments to many trains.  SEPTA R8 Fox Chase and R6 Cynwyd and R5 
Parkesburg-Paoli service were all canceled.  Amtrak once again picked up 
Coatesville and Parkesburg commuters.  During the evening rush, Fox 
Chase service was restored with delays.  The Gallery closed early, 
causing confusion as passengers had to use the night entrances to Market 
East.  

On Suburban Transit the Route 100 trolley was shut down while 101 was 
detoured and route 107 and 120 bus service was suspended.  Many other 
suburban and city lines were on detoured or truncated routes. Elwyn 
train/bus connections were canceled.  

Amtrak reported major delays on the Northeast Corridor and one hour 
Metroliner delays.  Amtrak trains were reported to be very crowded.  
DART and NJ Transit had their share of problems, but PATCO kept 
soldiering on.  All in all, familiarity bred contempt, as transit's 
snowfighters did a generally good job.  Through there was a lot of it, 
the snow was light and easy to move, and were were spared another ice 
storm.

@@F  Storms Hit Transit in the Wallet 

SEPTA reported last month that the severe storms this winter were a big 
contributor to bus and rail operating expenses that were three million 
dollars over budget in January, while costing almost the same amount in 
lost revenue when passengers stayed home from work and school.  Federal 
and state governments are not talking about any 'disaster aid' for the 
transit systems which got essential people to their jobs.  

Speaking to the Daily News, Lisa Mancini of SEPTA's budget and planning 
office said that raising fares to close a projected deficit in 1994 is 
virtually out of the question because of the likelihood that added 
revenue would be wiped out by lost ridership.

@@G  On the Railroad Lines...

Old Breaker Blues 

During the afternoon of January 28th, SEPTA lost all power between Zoo 
and the SEPTA phase break just south of Temple Station.  All Amtrak 
train service to 30th Street was knocked out. At first, the only SEPTA 
trains running were Reading-side trains operating RailWorks-style via 
Fern Rock.  Later this service was lost too.  

An attempt to shunt SEPTA power through the tunnel resulted in the 
burning of 20 feet of catenary when a pantograph bridged the SEPTA- and 
Amtrak-powered sections.  The Inquirer reported that by 4:20 all service 
was restored using only two tracks in the tunnel.  Problems did persist 
into the night, though.  Several more trains were badly delayed.

The power problems were repeated on January 31st, well after evening 
rush hour.  Power was lost through the tunnel.  One SEPTA crew source 
reports that they were asked if they spotted any smoke in the service 
disruption area just before the power was shut down. Reading-side 
passengers were again asked to assume the RailWorks position and use the 
subway/Fern Rock connection.  Limited service was restored to all lines 
later in the evening.

The 10th brought another outage that caused outrage.  Interviewed on 
KYW, SEPTA Railroad AGM Jim Palmer blamed a 1930's era circuit breaker 
that tripped when Amtrak energized a train.  According to Palmer, the 
circuit breaker was destroyed, causing the delay.  He added that the 
breakers have taken a beating from the weather.-TB

You Have Been Warned...

SEPTA is considering a ban on eating and drinking on RRD trains as a way 
of reducing trash and cleanup expenses.  Sensing that train crews taking 
their breaks make up a significant source of the litter problem, 
management has put them on notice that if the conditions do not improve, 
such a ban will be put in place.

Consider this a notice to the passengers, too.  If you value the 
opportunity to enjoy your breakfast on the go, or a Fisher's pretzel or 
other Reading Market delight,, make sure you don't spoil it for us all-
keep the seats clean and take your trash with you when you get off the 
train!s

30th St. Work Underway 

The long-delayed reconstruction of the SEPTA RRD section of Amtrak's 
30th Street Station has finally begun.  Half of the suburban concourse 
has been blocked off and enclosed to allow workers to remove asbestos 
insulation without posing a health hazard to passengers.  New 
escalators, improved lighting, and reopening of the fire-damaged ticket 
office are promised on conclusion of the project.  Trains will run as 
usual throughout the project.

New RRD Customer Center

SEPTA has replaced the stationmaster's office at Suburban Station with a 
new Customer Service Office located to the west of the Amtrak and SEPTA 
ticket counters.  

The new office is more visible and welcoming to passengers who have lost 
articles on trains, are trying to find the status of their trains, or 
want to register a complaint or commendation.

@@R1  Downed Wire Brings Ire

On the 7th of February, during evening rush, an R2 Warminster train 
pulled down some catenary between Elkins Park and Jenkintown.  Service 
was partially restored by single tracking over the inbound track.

*More power problems struck Sunday morning the 20th, delaying trains at 
Glenside.

*During evening rush on the 9th the Reading trunk faced half hour delays 
due to a switch failure at Wayne Junction.

*An unconfirmed SEPTA source said that cab signals went out for a short 
time between 16th Street Junction and Temple on the morning of February 
24. Wasn't this repaired during RailWorks(R)?s

@@R2  Put to Sleep by Slow Train?

The Warminster line was reporting up to 20 minute delays during evening 
rush on the 17th due to police activity.  A passenger slept past his 
station, jumped up, ran out of the train and fell off of the train and 
onto the platform at Willow Grove.

LumberWorks Latest

Those pesky passengers will have to get out of the way of SEPTA's 
contractors for daytime off-peak trains (Monday-Thursday) through March 
and Sunday trains through May 1st.  Normal train service will run Easter 
Sunday, April 3.  Snow and ice storms had forced LumberWorks to be 
postponed.

*The Warminster line reported up to 30 minute delays on the 1st during 
morning rush due to signal problems.

@@R3  *On the 29th of January at about 10 am, service south of Secane 
was suspended for a time due to an electrical problem.

@@R5  Bryn Mawr Rebuild OKed

The SEPTA Board approved at their February meeting a plan to reconstruct 
the switches at Bryn Mawr.  The new switches will be remote-controlled 
from Paoli.  The project is estimated to be completed by July 15th; 
total cost may reach $750,000 with SEPTA and Amtrak splitting the bill.  
SEPTA will receive a permanent $50,000 per year reduction in trackage 
fees.

Man Arrested in Lansdale Assaults: Hey Fort Washington: Got a Light?

According to the Reporter, a Hatfield Township resident was arrested 
February 1st in connection with a brutal attack on a Telford woman which 
took place near the Lansdale Station.  The woman's throat and face were 
slashed in the attack by a male who took her purse. The woman was a 
passenger on SEPTA train 588.  Police arrested the suspect after a four 
hour investigation.  He was arraigned on charges of attempted homicide, 
aggravated assault, robbery and theft.

Police disclosed on February 8th that they had found the attack weapon 
along with personal property of the victim.  The knife was stained with 
blood and was found in weeds at the end of Linden Street.

Whitemarsh police were investigating the suspect in a similar crime 
which took place at the Fort Washington station January 29th.  A Fort 
Washington woman had her purse snatched after departing train 598 at 
12:40 am. The description of her attacker matched that in the Lansdale 
incident.

DVARP has received complaints that the lights have been out on the 
northbound platform and parking lot at Fort Washington Station for most 
of February.  The lights were still out as of press time. DVARP has not 
received reports of police meeting trains at Fort Washington, but 
Lansdale Police have been observed meeting late-night trains.

Nothing's Perfect

The following was carried in the Reporter's  anonymous "Sound Off" 
column:  

My husband pays an extra $10 a month to get a guaranteed reserved 
parking spot at the North Wales train station.  The plowing was so poor 
that many of the parking spaces were covered with snow, which forced him 
to park in the road on Monday.  Naturally, He got a ticket.  SEPTA has 
agreed to reimburse him for the ticket, but every day this week he 
continues to have to park in the road.  I just wish there could be more 
cooperation between SEPTA and the North Wales Police.

Lansdale Trans. Center Proposed

A public hearing is scheduled for March 18th at 2 pm in the Lansdale 
Borough Hall regarding the Lansdale station rehabilitation project.  
Parking will be increased from 192 spaces to 542, a new bus facility 
will be constructed in the Conrail freight area and the soil will be 
cleaned of contaminants.

DVARP has endorsed this project as a better use of earmarked Federal 
funding than the proposed Gwynedd Valley Transportation Center.

@@R6  SEPTA Sues to Stop Floods

The Times Herald reports that SEPTA has filed suit against a Conshohocken 
landowner who has allegedly constricted the bed of the Plymouth Creek so 
that the only outlet for rain water is the R6 right-of-way.  The suit 
claims that between 1960 and 1968, the landowner enclosed Plymouth Creek 
from the tracks to the river.  It allegedly violates state environmental 
regulations which state, "all stream enclosures (must) be designed to 
pass a 100 year discharge without causing substantial hindrance to the 
flow."-TB

@@R7  Platforms Curtailed

Due to hazardous platform conditions at several R7 stations in the 
Northeast, SEPTA is asking passengers riding to Bridesburg, Wissinoming, 
and Tacony to use the first two cars of the train.

*The Trenton line reported up to 40 minute rush hour delays on the 9th 
due to "Amtrak problems."

*Service on the Hill East line was stopped for a short period due to a 
derailment of an empty car just after morning rush the 11th.

@@R8  Trespasser Struck

The Inquirer reports that a 21 year old Rockledge woman was trespassing 
on the right of way near Hasbrook and Unruh Avenues when she was struck 
by a northbound SEPTA train Jan. 30.  A preliminary investigation found 
that the engineer had sounded his horn twice to warn the woman.  It also 
found that the woman had apparently tried to get out of the way, but 
lost her footing.

*Service on the Fox Chase line was suspended again for a short time 
after evening rush hour on the 21st.  An unconfirmed report attributed 
the shutdown to a natural gas leak along the line.

*Recent construction on Chestnut Hill West was taking place in the 
vicinity of Carpenter.

@@H  SEPTA RRD Notes

Snow Brakes? How About Leaf Brakes?

In the aftermath of the storm of the 11th and 23rd, SEPTA reportedly 
ordered its engineers to use the 'snow brake' on their Silverliners.  
Snow brakes maintain a continuous light application of the brake shoes 
to the train's wheels, to keep snow and ice from accumulating.

Now that we know they work, can we modify the snow brakes for the 
slippery rail season without overheating the wheels?s

Order, Order!

Wonder what that board with lighted numerals at the west end of 30th St. 
platform C is?  A scoreboard for SEPTA vs. Amtrak basketball games?  No, 
it is a train order indicator, similar in function to the boards at the 
east end of platform A and on the Roosevelt Blvd. overpass at Wayne 
Junction.  When the yellow light is flashing, train engineers must stop 
and see if the number of their route is posted on the board.  If it is, 
the engineer must not proceed until the train orders (such as speed or 
crossing restrictions) are in hand.  

Focus on 'Snowbirds'

A flyer handed out in late January solicited participants for a 
marketing study being conducted for SEPTA.  Respondents who work in 
Center City and usually drive to work but took SEPTA during the snow and 
ice storms were asked to meet in a focus group being conducted by 
marketing consultant Porfolio Associates, Inc.  The apparent object is 
to find out why these people choose not to ride SEPTA trains on a daily 
basis.

Rails Help 'the Competition'

Conrail and its short line partners in Pennsylvania and Upstate New York 
won wide praise for expediting trainloads of road salt during January 
and February.


@@I  SEPTA Suburban Transit Division

N5 Lease to Net $1.3 M 

SEPTA has transferred the "tax title" of the N5 cars to a Swedish firm, 
Amco Financial, in a crossborder lease which will net SEPTA $1.3 
million.  The financier gets to write the depreciation off its taxes, 
and shares the savings with SEPTA.

*Ten minute delays were reported on Route 100 between Bryn Mawr and 69th 
Street during early morning rush on the 3rd. The problem was corrected 
by 8 am.

*All inbound service on Route 100 was canceled during morning rush hour 
on the 11th due to the storm.  Later, service was reported restored with 
up to 45 minute delays.  At about 4 pm all service on the Route 100 line 
was suspended again.

New 'Pans' for Trolleys 

The SEPTA Board recently approved a contract for 35 pantographs for the 
Media-Sharon Hill cars at $10,600 each. 

@@J  SEPTA City Transit/Subway-Elevated Division

Concourse Much Improved

The City's new policy of closing sections of the underground concourse 
during the overnight hours has resulted in a cleaner, safer environment 
for residents, shoppers, and workers who use the concourse.  Encampments 
which had posed a health hazard have been removed.  Restored to its 
original purpose, the concourse is making it easier and faster for 
pedestrians to get around Center City, and was especially welcome when 
snow and ice clogged streets and sidewalks.  The process is being 
repeated at Suburban Station, now closed off from 1:00 am to 4:30 am.

In a related matter, the Center City District announced the results of a 
survey of homeless persons on the streets of Center City, which lent 
support to its "Real Change" campaign designed to replace panhandling 
with a comprehensive package of social services.  45 percent of the 
persons interviewed admitted to using money given on the street to buy 
drugs and/or alcohol.  Other reports say as many as 80 percent of the 
homeless on city streets and in transit facilities have substance abuse 
problems.  Three-fourths of persons surveyed had been on the streets two 
years or more; almost half actually had a place to sleep with friends or 
relatives.  

If you support real change for the homeless, to put their lives back 
together, donate to the Center City District Foundation, which supports 
needed services.-MDM

Alternative for DelCo Homeless Stalled 

Delaware County's planned shelter for the homeless, approved a year ago, 
is mired in court.  Residents of the Cobbs Creek section of 
Philadelphia, across from the proposed shelter site near 63rd Street, 
accuse DelCo of racially-motivated 'dumping' of the problem in their 
back yard.

Risky Business, Those Stairs

The Inquirer of February 12 carried a photo of a bobsled track otherwise 
known as the Erie Avenue entrance to the Broad St. Subway.  The stairs 
were barely visible under hard packed snow.  A sour note to otherwise 
good winter storm performance.

New Frankford Terminal in Design Stage

Planning and engineering personnel at SEPTA are working on the plan for 
the new Bridge-Pratt terminal.  Local businesspeople are objecting to 
the preliminary plan, which would relocate the bus stands up Bustleton 
Ave. and away from their shops.  A local steering committee is to advise 
SEPTA.

El Redecking Continues

The next Frankford El station to be renovated will be York-Dauphin; 
SEPTA held a forum to inform residents about the upcoming construction 
in their neighborhood.  Evening (8:00 pm to 12:30 am) and weekend (all 
day) shuttle buses will replace trains from Huntington to Bridge-Pratt.

Single Tracking Between 30th and 52nd

For the last three weekends in February, the El was single tracked on 
the east-bound side.  For the first weekend in March the El will single 
track over the westbound side.

The Team that Rides Together...?

...didn't win this time, but at least enjoyed the trip!  The University of 
Pennsylvania men's basketball team rode the Broad Street Subway to their 
game at Temple instead of taking a slow team bus.  The 'Subway Series' 
game gained a lot of publicity from the ride: Temple won 76 to 65.  Take 
the Subway-Surface Lines to next year's rematch.

@@K  SEPTA City Transit/Light Rail Division

Confusion in the Subway

The Subway-Surface Lines operated well during January's bad weather when 
many autos were off the road.  But reliability steadily deteriorated as 
motorists returned to the streets before all the snow and ice were gone 
and got stuck-causing gaps in service of more than an hour.

A power problem affected Routes 13 and 34.  Initially Route 13 
passengers were advised by the electronic signs to use Route 36 and 
catch a shuttle from Elmwood depot to Yeadon loop.  After a couple days, 
that message was replaced by one only indicating reduced service.  Then 
a most confusing message indicated that in the PM 3 buses were operating 
on Route 34 to 30th Street and that Route 34 streetcars were operating 
to 40th & Market Streets.  We never found out what was meant by "PM", 
where the buses were, or a streetcar to 40th & Market.  

Friday and Saturday February 4 and 5, none of the information signs were 
on.  There were no reports of delays on KYW traffic and transit reports. 
However, surprised passengers found MFSE single tracking in West 
Philadelphia, with noticeable delays-enough to make passengers late for 
work.  The project appeared to be rescheduled trackwork.  Third rail was 
replaced the weekend of February 19 and 20.  This time cardboard signs 
were posted Friday to warn passengers.  Hopefully, SEPTA will continue 
to advise passengers in advance. 

*A double whammy tunnel blockage/power outage played havoc with the 
Green Line on the tenth.  The disabled trolley was reported to have been 
removed at around 11 o'clock.

*Route 13 was bussing between 49th and Yeadon because of a "street 
problem" during morning rush on the 8th.

Trolley Coalition Tours Elmwood 

For the January Philadelphia Trolley Coalition meeting, SEPTA provided a 
tour of Elmwood Depot.  Two impressions from that tour are important.  
First, the depot is spotlessly clean.  That indicates a safe workplace 
with good morale.  Second, the undersides of the Kawasaki LRVs are 
completely free of rust, corrosion, and crud typically found under 
streetcars after several years of service.  The equipment compartment 
doors fit and open properly.  There was no indication of "patch up" or 
"make do", all the equipment under the cars was in proper condition.  

This indicates that SEPTA has been successful with its maintenance and 
overhaul programs.  After 13 years of service the only problem with the 
LRVs appears to be some rusting of bodyside panels at floor level.-CB

@@L  SEPTA City Transit Schedule Change Highlights 

Continuing to realize the folly of cutting service to save money, SEPTA 
increased bus and trolley service slightly in new CTD schedules issued 
last month.  

But the most noticeable change in SEPTA's schedules is right on the 
cover of the subway-surface timetables: a picture of an LRV and the word 
"Trolley" in bold print.  LRD is continuing to position itself as a 
premium service. On the Green Line, two-car trains operate on the 10 and 
13; there are minor increases in service weekdays on 10, 11, and 34, 
Saturday on 13. 

On the bus side, West Philadelphia residents will also enjoy more 
service on the perenially-overcrowded 21 and 42 lines and the 15. Big 
improvements come with express service on the North Philadelphia's Route 
48 (see below). Midday service on the 22 and 55 lines to the north 
suburbs is improved to every 20 minutes. South Philly SEPTA service is 
little changed from fall schedules. Seasonal increases for IRS employees 
are in effect in the Northeast. 

Coordination of service was the other big Northeast theme.  Trips on the 
19, 24, and 67 buses are spread out more evenly, while both 28 and 70 
bus schedules now show connections to the R8 Fox Chase train, an 
important step toward a seamless transit network. There were reductions 
of service on some routes, which is to be expected as travel demand 
shifts:  in one noteable case, the short-turn trips will no longer 
operate on the 76 Ben FrankLine in Center City.  All in all though, the 
trend is a good one: solving overcrowding problems before they drive 
customers away from the system. 

@@M  SEPTA City Transit/Surface Division

Snow Solutions Coming?

Unconfirmed reports say that SEPTA is looking into permanent solutions 
to the street-blockage problems which drastically curtailed service 
during storms this winter.  

New CTD Surface AGM George T. Hague is considering fixed snow emergency 
routes, as suggested here last month, and discussions with the City of 
Philadelphia about improved coordination to keep buses moving are 
underway.  Existing City ordinances against blocking traffic need to be 
beefed up:  if your bus or trolley service got stalled because some 
selfish driver got his car or truck stuck, please call or write your 
City Council member.  Many voices are necessary to impress on Council 
the need to get something done on this matter.

Meritorious Service Medals

Add SEPTA Surface Division drivers and supervisors to the list of winter 
storm heros.  SEPTA helped evacuate patients and staff from Parkview 
Hospital in Juniata Park after a pipe burst.  Another bus served as a 
warm-up room for firefighters battling a blaze on Warrington Ave. in the 
Southwest.

'Biodiesel' Demonstration

SEPTA tested a mixture of 80% regular #2 diesel fuel and 20% soybean oil 
in its Route 76 buses last month.  The fuel is purported to be cleaner-
burning than straight diesel at the same time it reduces our dependence 
on foreign oil.

Live, Not Memorex(R)

SEPTA's schedule request line, 580-7777, is now answered live, 24 hours 
a day, 7 days a week. The answering machine will no longer be used.

@@N  Where's Route 202?

A year after the SEPTA Board awarded a contract to Krapf's Coaches, Inc. 
to operate bus service from Wilmington to West Chester, the go-ahead for 
that service has still not been given.  The cause of the delay is not 
clear, but grievances from SEPTA's unions about the contracting-out have 
been rumored, even though the new service will not replace any SEPTA 
drivers.  Tom Hickey, from Route 202 co-sponsor Delaware Railroad 
Administration, hopes service will start some time in May.

@@O  Wayne Junction:  The Story That Didn't Happen 
by Tom Borawski

The report came over the radio:  canopies at Wayne Junction had 
collapsed due to the weight of the snow.  Wayne Jct. passengers were 
told to transfer at Fern Rock.  One would assume that it was the old 
wooden Reading-built structure at Wayne Junction that collapsed.  The 
new section, built about four years ago at a reported cost of $1 
million, should be solid for another 50 years. Right?

Wrong!

In a major embarrassment, eight sections of the newly installed canopy 
collapsed in the aftermath of February's snow storm. The station canopy 
is configured in what can be described as an inverted Times Roman "L."  
The main support column is not centered, so apparently snow build-up 
caused an uneven loading.  SEPTA has shored-up the remaining canopy with 
wooden braces.  The original structure, deteriorated as ever, is still 
standing.

The following did not happen:

Four SEPTA passengers were not rushed to Temple University Hospital 
after the roof fell.  One passenger did not receive three broken ribs 
due to the accident.  Another passenger did not sustain a neck injury.  
A third passenger was not pinned under the wreck for 15 minutes, and a 
fourth passenger did not escape injury by jumping on the tracks, 
narrowly missing a departing train.

The law firm of Dewey, Kahn, Soakham and Grabbitt, PLC did not rush one 
of their radio-dispatched attorneys to the hospital.  A neck brace 
company in Paducah, Kentucky did not receive an overnight, rush order.  
Two expert witnesses in soft tissue injury did not have their beepers 
activated.

While these four riders don't exist, a red-faced engineering firm and 
contractor do. They have a lot of explaining to do.

@@P  Norristown-Reading Opportunity?

The Pottstown Mercury, Feb. 13, reported on a DVRPC/Montgomery County 
study of reactivating the Pottsville to King of Prussia line.  This 
study focused on the kind of land use that would be required to make the 
rail line successful.  The  area being studied includes Lower and West 
Pottsgrove, Limerick, Lower and Upper Providence, Upper Merion, 
Pottstown, Royersford, Phoenixville, and Spring City.

Later, the Mercury's editorial strongly supported restoring the line:
"...the restoration of train service between Norristown and Reading-with 
stops at Phoenixville, Royersford, Pottstown, Birdsboro, and several new 
stations along the way-would be the best thing to happen to the region 
in decades....Trains must be part of the Pottstown area's future.  The 
sooner, the better."  

Congressman Curt Weldon (R-7) also endorsed the service in a newsletter.
This burst of support is an opportunity members should support.  Contact 
elected officials to indicate support for the service.  Write letters to 
the editor!  Talk to community groups!s

DVARP's Commuter Rail Committee will work with interested members to 
coordinate activity for maximum effect. Contact the Committee at 215-
222-3373 message box 2.

@@Q  422 "Town Center" Dead, Kulpsville Plan Alive

Plans for a transportation center as the core of the Kulpsville 
[Montgomery County, near Lansdale] "town center" are on track, according 
to a story in the Reporter.  The paper said the proposed transportation 
center would be where drivers from a nearby turnpike exit would park and 
take shuttle buses to their jobs or the retail district planned for the 
center.  The center will be built through a partnership of Towamencin 
Township, the business community, and state, Federal and county 
governments.

@@R  MontCo Grants for Community Service?

The local bus services operated by Cheltenham and Abington townships may 
be saved by a $100,000 matching grant from Montgomery County.  The 
services, which primarily benefit senior citizens but are open to all, 
had been supported by the state legislative grants commonly known as 
"Walking Around Money" as well as by state lottery proceeds subsidizing 
senior riders. 

@@S  SEPTA Coalition Reawakens?

In a newsletter sent out last month, the Southeastern Pennsylvania Area 
Coalition for Transportation (ACT) outlined plans to lobby for increased 
state operating support of SEPTA.  The Coalition, run from SEPTA HQ, 
explained the "operating crunch" faced by SEPTA, saying a 14 percent 
($32 million) increase in state and local funding will be necessary to 
balance SEPTA's FY 1995 budget without fare increases or service cuts.  

@@T  Phone Changes

With the 610 area code now in service, SEPTA riders in the west suburbs 
should check the list of 610 phone exchanges before calling their local 
SEPTA station or customer service center.  While most RRD stations in 
the west suburbs and up the R6 line have local phones which are in the 
new area code, a few like Norristown Transportation Center are in 
SEPTA's 580 exchange, which will remain in 215.  Overbrook station, 
which is in the city, will still be 215.

@@U  Employer Trip Reduction Upheld Again 

State regulations forcing large employers to promote alternatives to 
single-occupant car commuting for their employees have been upheld by 
the Federal Environmental Protection Agency.  Business seeking to 
maintain the status quo of subsidizing parking while ignoring mass 
transit had sought an EPA ruling denying that the Philadelphia region is 
in "severe nonattainment" of air quality standards.  Remarkably, 
Pennsylvania Environmental Resources Secretary Arthur Davis sided with 
the car proponents.

@@V  Mediator Sought in Trackage Issues

With member commuter railroads experiencing problems in securing routes 
over former freight lines for their passenger trains, the American 
Public Transit Association has called on Congress to pass a law 
authorizing the Interstate Commerce Commission or other body to resolve 
disputes.

These disagreements commonly come up when and where commuter service is 
to be started or expanded.  While the freight carriers see commuter use 
of their tracks as a potenital profit center, they can sometimes put 
roadblocks in the way of that service, such as limitations on the number 
of trains.

Worries about lawsuits have caused some lines, Conrail most notably, to 
require full indemnification from consequences of passenger train 
operation, even in cases where the freight railroad is fully responsible 
for the accident.  Other demands have included costly double-tracking or 
new signal systems, as the railroads see a way to finally tap into 
government pockets for the capital investment their highway and barge 
competitors get at highly-subsidized rates.

@@W  Another Term for Board Honchos

SEPTA Board Chairman Thomas Hayward and Vice Chairman Patrick McCarthy 
were both reelected last month.

@@X  $1.7 Billion California Road Subsidy 

The earthquake relief bill passed by Congress includes 1.4 billion 
dollars to rebuild double-deck highways which collapsed in the 
Northridge earthquake.  Another 300 million was included as a 
retroactive handout for San Francisco Bay area roads hit by the 1989 
Loma Prieta quake. Though the quake relief is being added to the deficit 
and will be paid for out of general tax revenue rather than user fees, 
nobody called this money a subsidy to cars and trucks. 

@@Y  Grade Crosssing Crash in DelCo: 4 Dead

A family of four was killed February 19, when Frank Kilgore ignored 
warning signals and drove the family car in front of a CSX freight 
train.  The fatal collision ocurred at the Naaman's Creek Road crossing 
in Upper Chichester near the Delaware state line.  Police reports say 
the the flashing lights were working properly, and the locomotive 
engineer rang the bell and sounded the horn as directed.   The train was 
traveling within the 50 mph track speed limit.  

Local politicians have sought for PennDOT to upgrade the crossing with 
gates, paid for with Federal funds.  Design work for the upgrade was to 
have been completed last fall.  But county accident statistics show that 
gates are not a panacea: half of the four fatal grade crossing 
collisions in the past decade were caused by drivers going around the 
gates.  Three of the four involved drivers under the influence of drugs 
or alcohol.

@@Z  Trailways Teams with Amtrak

Philly-Pittsburgh travel flexibility has been improved by Trailways' 
acceptance of Amtrak tickets and move to the Pittsburgh Amtrak Station.  
Public transport's market share improves when riders can go even only 
one way by train.

@@AA  30th Street in a Pickle!

The Vlasic(R) stork was pushing pickles (free samples) at both levels at 
30th Street January 24th during evening rush hour.  Neither Amtrak nor 
SEPTA nor DVARP is responsible for any consequences of their use with 
Bucks County Cafe Mocha.

@@BB  Diamond State Notes

Snow Hits Evening Service 

DART canceled night service at 7:30 pm on the 9th due to the weather.  
The storm of the 11th caused the cancellation of DART Routes 3 and 8 
with all other routes using main roads only. 

@@CC  South Jersey Update

PATCO Celebrates 25th

Balloons and mummery were the order of the day for passengers who 
boarded PATCO on February 15th-the line's 25 birthday.  PATCO's 25th 
anniversary comes at a time when the region can appreciate its weather-
hardened capabilities.  The Inquirer quotes PATCO President Paul Drayton 
saying that it is "the best-run system in the country," and many transit 
experts nationwide agree.  Watch for an upcoming DVRP story analyzing 
what's right at PATCO.

DVARP Committee Meets with Senator

DVARP/NJARP South Jersey Coordinator Don Nigro and DVARP South Jersey 
Committee member Bill Ritzler met with NJ State Sen. John Matheussen (R-
4) February 17th.  The Senator asked for meeting after several recent 
articles and an editorial which appeared in the Gloucester County Times.

The atmosphere was cordial, and the Senator expressed several goals:

1) Increasing intra-state mobility as a part of any new South Jersey 
rail expansion; 

2) A new rail line would help focus development patterns and growth in 
Gloucester County; and

3) The implementation of any new rail service in Gloucester should be 
independent of the circumstances in Burlington County.

Nigro and Ritzler explained the DVARP perspective.  A one-seat ride into 
downtown Philadelphia is a primary goal.  DVARP also presented the cost 
and ridership differential between modes as shown in the NJ Transit 
Burlington/Gloucester Corridor Assessment.

DVARP thanks Senator Matheussen for his time and interest in rail 
transit and in DVARP's views.  The Senator has been invited by William 
Haines, Chairman-NJ Senate Transportation Committee to participate in 
hearings regarding South Jersey rail transit issues.  A voice in Trenton 
on behalf of Gloucester County residents is necessary if effective rail 
transportation is to occur.

DVARP Ad Seeks Moorestown Support

In an effort to turn the tables on opponents of rail service to 
Moorestown and Mt. Holly, the DVARP South Jersey Committee placed an ad 
in the News Weekly.  Recognizing the opponents' claim that trains 
running through Moorestown would upset some neighbors, the ad reminded 
those neighbors that doing nothing, or worse yet, forcing Burlington 
County trains to terminate in Maple Shade, would mean more cars on 
Moorestown's streets.  Readers could draw their own conclusion: a train 
is a much better neighbor than the hundreds of cars it replaces.

NJ Study: Transit is Part of the Job Plan 

An urban jobs and development strategy conducted by the New Jersey DOT 
says that though mass transit to connect city residents with suburban 
jobs is an economic necessity, it must be part of a more comprehensive 
jobs package.  That would include child care and training in basic job 
skills like reading and writing. 

The transit contribution would be best made with better geographic 
coverage of bus service to serve widely scatterred employment sites.  
Service hours need to be extended to meet diverse job schedules.  NJ 
Transit has already started enhancing service so that residents of the 
Garden State's cities can find and keep jobs; will Pennsylvania recognize 
mass transit's role in the state's economic vitality?s 

NJT Ridership Stats

First quarter (July-Sept) data released by NJ Transit shows a broad 
increase in bus and rail ridership, even though employment in New 
Jersey, New York City, and Philadelphia continued to decline.  The 
strongest performance were put forth by the Atlantic City Rail Line, 
which had a record increase caused by extension of service to 30th St.  
South Jersey bus ridership gains were led by the commuter routes to 
Philadelphia, which even after an accounting change showed an eight 
percent increase.  Our thanks to Alan Tillotson for providing the data.

line.............ridership.... change
                (thousands)

A.C...................187.9....+21.1%
NE Corridor..........4567.7....+1.0%
Coast................1579.0....+5.9%
Raritan...............947.1....+8.9%

Morris & Essex.......1728.0....+3.5%
Main/Bergen...........972.9....+1.5%
Boonton...............366.1....+2.3%
Pascack...............307.9....+1.0%

Rail Total..........10656.6....+3.1%

South Jersey Bus.... 4162.1....+7.5%

North Jersey Bus....26068.8....+5.3%

PATCO................2738.7....-1.0%

@@DD  How a Cynwyd Closure Would Affect 400,000 Residents
by John Pawson

Soothsayers claim that the R6 Cynwyd service has been "winding down" 
since May 1986.  That's when SEPTA abruptly cut it back to Cynwyd from 
the Ivy Ridge park-and-ride terminal which was opened just six years 
earlier. 

After all, they will say, the three stations to which the line has been 
truncated are not enough to support a commuter rail line on their own.  
The downward spiral has involved fewer stations served, therefore fewer 
people to be served, fewer trains, and (surprise!) fewer passengers on 
the surviving trains.  They will probably concede that SEPTA has been 
managing the route's demise; just let events proceed to their 'logical' 
conclusion.  That will get the Cynwyd line off the Railroad Division's 
budget. 

A strategic approach on the other hand, reaches an entirely different 
conclusion.  That forward-looking approach involves considering the 
populations served-and not served-by the present R6 service, the 
potential traffic, and how to get the commuters most rapidly, 
comfortably, and economically to and from Center City and other 
destinations.  The conclusion is that a restructuring which would serve 
serve current and past stations would give the Schuylkill Valley's 
taxpayers the best return on the dollars which they now pay to SEPTA 
through their taxes and fares. 

About 440,000 people are expected to live within the potential R6 
service area in the Schuylkill Valley by the end of the decade. This 
includes the residents of Philadelphia, Montgomery, and Chester Counties 
who live closer to existing or potential R6 stations than to stations of 
other rail lines.  That number comprises about one-ninth of the total 
population which SEPTA was created to serve. 

Suprisingly, SEPTA's leading commuter rail line, Paoli-Parkesburg, 
serves fewer persons, about 310,000.  On weekdays, R5-west carries about 
10,100 round trips; both sides of R6 just 1,600. Both corridors are 
about 40 miles long.  R5-west carries about 3.3 percent of its tributary 
population, R6 only 0.4 percent.  SEPTA's share of the Schuylkill Valley 
transportation market is much smaller than it ought to be, even 
considering socio-economic factors and the competition from the 
Schuylkill Expressway.  Faster and otherwise more attractiove rail 
transportation is needed- economically and soon-in the Schuylkill Valley 
Corridor. 

The first factor that needs to be considered is the future of the two 
parallel routes which form the first eight miles of the 40-mile corridor.  
These routes are the former Pennsylvania Railroad via Cynwyd and former 
Reading via East Falls.  The two converge in the Manayunk section of 
Philadelphia. The Cynwyd route-the abandonment candidate-makes the more 
desirable route between Center City and the outer Schuylkill Valley.  
Why? 

1. Other factors aside, the faster route is to be preferred.  Penn 
Center to Ivy Ridge via Cynwyd was a 20 minute trip in 1983; via East 
Falls, the trip requires 23 minutes. 

2. Prompt accesss to and from Amtrak's 30th Street Station becomes an 
increasingly important market factor as the service is extended beyond 
Norristown.  The route via Cynwyd is 12 minutes faster. 

3. Distance from Suburban Station to Ivy Ridge via Cynwyd is 8.4 miles; 
via East Falls, 8.7 miles. 

4. The Cynwyd route passes the edge of the City Line business district 
at Bala station; the East Falls route is much farther from it or any 
other major business district. 

5. The Cynwyd route stations at Manayunk and Ivy Ridge are safer, less 
costly to maintain, and more accessible (no climbing the 39 steps) than 
the comparable East Falls route stations. 

6. The four stations on the distinct part of the Cynwyd route serve 
30,000 people while the three distinct stations on the East Falls route 
serve just 20,000.  When service on the two routes was more in balance, 
the number of passengers boarding at these stations was in similar 
proportion. 

7. The use of grade-separated junctions promotes more reliable service 
than the use of flat junctions.  The Cynwyd route's 52nd Street 
connection is grade-separated; the East Falls route connection at 16th 
Street Junction is flat. 

8. If the Cynwyd route is chosen as the main route to Manayunk, 
Wissahickon Transportation Center, and the other stations on the East 
Falls route can still be served by diverting trains which now run empty 
to Roberts Yard.  Under the present operating scheme, no such 
fortuitous, low-incremental-cost service is possible. 

9. The cost of repairing the concrete-arch viaduct over the Schuylkill 
(bridge 7.70) is not uniquely chargeable to the Cynwyd route, since 
SEPTA found it cheaper to repair than to tear down. It is a general 
corporate burden.  Indeed, SEPTA has already received bids on the 
engineering phase of the bridge repair. 

10. The matter of retaining the outbound connection at 52nd Street is 
Amtrak's business.  One condition of the Federal funding of Amtrak is 
that it supply suitable routes on its Eastern network for commuter 
trains to use. 

11. Making the Cynwyd route the dominant one facilitates a solution to 
the problem of excessive travel time and unreliability on the R8 
Chestnut Hill West line.  Fewer trains and only one track on the East 
Falls route would reduce the cost of connecting the Hill West line to 
the Reading side of the system in the vicinity of R6 Allegheny and R8 
Westmoreland stations.  Such a connection could speed R8 service by five 
minutes. 

To offset the eleven advantages of making the Cynwyd line the dominant 
one, there is only a complex of short-sighted attitudes to favor the 
East Falls route: "That's how the tracks go and we don't want an 
unknown, and nothing will be changed." 

Both routes definitely need capital investment for tracks, bridges, 
signals, electrification, etc. sooner or later.  Each route would require 
one level of investment to maintain as a double-track railroad, a lesser 
level as a single-track line.  Yearly maintenance costs would parallel 
the capital costs. 

This writer suggests, after examining seven alternatives, that the 
Cynwyd route be fully restored to double-track status and extended to 
link with the Norristown line near Shawmont station. By itself, this 
restoration would end the delays at the switch (known as "Jeff") just 
north of 52nd Street.  One track of the East Falls route would remain in 
operation between 16th Street Junction and a new station platform to be 
located opposite the Manayunk West station, premitting a relatively easy 
transfer between trains of the two routes. 

Either one route or the other must become the main route.  The easy, do-
nothing alternative is to allow the Cynwyd route to be abandoned.  
Residents of Wynnefield and Bala Cynwyd will lose train service.  The 
greater number of R6 passengers, those beyond Manayunk, will gain 
nothing. 

The other alternative is one of those rare, all-positive decisions in 
transportation.  All stations can continue to have service.  The 
majority of passengers will get  a ride which is three minutes faster.  
Perhaps that's why a SEPTA staffer told this writer a few years ago that 
shifting the Norristown trains to the Cynwyd route "would pay for itself 
in a year."

@@EE  A Seat Reservation Plan for Amtrak
by Matthew Mitchell

One frequent cause of passenger complaints about Amtrak's Northeast 
Corridor service is overcrowding of some trains and the mad dash for 
seats at boarding time.  Couples and families often find they cannot get 
seats on the train together, especially departing intermendiate points 
like Philadelphia.  Giving passengers a seat reservation option would go 
a long way to solving those problems.  It could also help Amtrak run 
with more efficiency and attract new riders.

Here's one plan which could overcome most of the previously-stated 
objections to such a plan.  If done right, it would pay for itself.  
Based in part on tested European practices; it would not be hard to 
implement, either in Amtrak's Arrow(TM) computer, at the ticket counter, or 
on board the trains.

Because Amtrak's chief advantage in this market is its frequency and 
flexibility of service, Amtrak should not require reservations except as 
presently done on Metroliners.  With reservations optional, only a small 
fraction of passengers would book them-the ones who find them most 
important.  

Amtrak would establish reservation lists for trains in its Arrow system, 
just as it does for medium- and long-distance trains.  They could use 
the number of reservations for a given train as a preliminary indicator 
of expected ridership.  That would let train consists be adjusted up or 
down to meet demand, reducing overcrowding for unreserved riders and 
saving Amtrak money.  

Passengers wishing seat reservations would pay a nominal service charge 
(say $2.00 or 3.00) at the time of reservation.  This fee would be non-
refundable, to discourage no-shows as well as recoup the cost of 
processing the reservation.  Reservations would be accepted at ticket 
counters, travel agents, and over the phone until a few hours before the 
train departs Boston, New York, or Washington.
____________________________________
|Amtrak welcomes...  train  seat    |
|                                   |
| Mary D. Passenger    141    A18   |
| PHL-WAS           Mar 21  Window  |
|___________________________________|
Depending on the number of reservations made, all or part of the first 
or last car(s) of the train would be designated as the car for reserved-
seat passengers.  A manifest of all the reservations, in seat order, 
would be printed on perforated stock at the origin station shortly 
before departure.  A conductor would tear off the checks, printed with 
the passengers' names, and place them above the seats.  When passengers 
board, the name tags allow them to find their seats easily.  The tags 
also serve as seat checks, saving the conductor a little work in lifting 
tickets.  

@@EE  Railroads, People Take 2nd Place in Foreign Affairs

I.  Free Trade, Bad Drivers?

CRASH [Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways] reports that one result 
of NAFTA has been lowering of truck safety standards.  The requirement 
for understanding traffic signals and signs has been waived for Mexican 
drivers operating in the U.S.  CRASH also reports that the Clinton 
Administration has promised the American Trucking Association an official 
role in implementing NAFTA, but will not include public safety 
associations.  Time to contact Clinton, your Congresspersons and 
Senators.

II.  Save Venezuela, Kill Our Lungs

Auto-Free Press tells how events seemingly far removed from 
transportation decisionmaking support automobiles.  Three sentences from 
their article tell all:  

The Environmental Protection Agency is considering a request to let 
Venezuela ship gasoline to the U.S. that contains more of a smog-
producing chemical than American refiners are allowed to market.... 
Meanwhile, the Venezuelan Ambassador to the U.S. argues that the U.S. 
must allow the imports under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, 
to which both countries are signatories....The State Department has 
reportedly asked the EPA to interpret U.S. regulations liberally to 
allow the imports in order to provide an economic boost to politically 
unstable Venezuela.

While we import this obviously cheaper foreign gasoline to feed the 
country's auto habit, who is going to provide an economic boost to the 
inner city where residents are increasingly separated from auto-
accessible suburban jobs.  Do Camden and North Philadelphia apply for 
foreign aide to get a nice subway system like the one being built in 
Venezuela?s    -CB 


@@FF  Countrywide 'Highway Revolt'

The people of Switzerland voted last month to maintain their ban on 
heavy trucks passing from Italy to Germany and France on Swiss roads.  
Rather than harm the Swiss environment and batter the roads, trucks are 
loaded onto piggyback railcars for the trip across Switzerland.

@@GG  Think Spring!  Get Out Your Bicycle!

Bike-on-rail permits for most area transit systems including SEPTA are 
issued on a calendar year basis, so while you're renewing your DVARP 
membership, make sure to renew your bike permit, too.  With the permit, 
riders can take bikes onto subway and commuter trains during off-peak 
hours.  (note that the NJ Transit Northeast Corridor line does not yet 
accept bikes at any time)  The permit system ensures that cyclists 
understand the rules of the program, and releases the transit operator 
from liability.  

Until bicycle advocates succeed in securing a region-wide permit system, 
you will need separate permits for each of these systems:  call during 
business hours for an application.

SEPTA:............................215-580-7852
PATCO:..............215-922-4600, 609-772-7998
NJ Transit:  Atlantic City:.......609-343-7172
North Jer. Coast, Rar. Vall.:.... 201-491-7000
Long Island:......................718-990-8228
Metro-North:......................212-340-3000

@@HH  Green Time- a Great Idea 

Passenger Transport reported that Minneapolis formed "Team Transit" to 
implement low cost, quick-to-do projects to improve bus operations.  
They came up with 'green time,' which is a new way of allocating traffic 
signal time.  Time within the cycle is allocated to the number of people 
moving, not the number of vehicles.  A bus is counted as 40 automobiles.  
Thus, streets with public transportation get more green time than the 
auto only cross streets.

Green time should have wide applicability in our region, and would be a 
natural for "Transit First" in Philadelphia.  We urge its implementation 
throughout the region at intersections where one street has much less 
public transportation than the other.-CB

@@II  Architectural and Engineering Marvel Reborn

Take the "Whistle Stop Tour" of the renovated Reading Terminal 
Trainshed, the historic rail landmark now a centerpiece of the 
Pennsylvania Convention Center.  The Shed will be opened to the public 
on Sunday, March 20: admission is free.  The day will be highlighted by 
a "calling contest" for SEPTA conductors and station staff, in which 
entrants will be judged on speed, diction, and style as they call out 
the multiethnic melange of station names: Lenni-Lenape, Welsh, German, 
and many more.  Also featured will be architectural and art exhibitions 
and railroad memorabilia.

@@JJ  GAO Says Transit Shortchanged

UTU News reports that a U.S. General Accounting Office report found that 
mass transit is not receiving the funding it should under provisions of 
the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act (ISTEA).  

"Of the $11.2 billion in flexible highway funds obligated by states and 
localities in fiscal year 1992, less than 3% ($319 million) was invested 
in mass transit or nontraditional projects," the report said. "Six 
months into fiscal year 1993, investment patterns remained essentially 
the same, with 3% or less of flexible highway and mass transit funds 
being invested in mass transit or nontraditional projects."

Without concerted action by the public, business as usual, paving over 
more and more of our country, will continue.-TB

@@KK  Computer Corner: DVRP Now on Fidonet

We are pleased to announce that the electronic edition of the Delaware 
Valley Rail Passenger can now be downloaded from any BBS participating 
in Fidonet.  This will allow many computer users to take advantage of 
the quick delivery of the on-line newsletter, without a long-distance 
phone call or joining a commercial on-line service.  

To have the file sent to you, issue a "file request" command for file 
DVRP9401.LZH to net address 1:250/730.  As with the other archive sites, 
substitute the desired year and month for the '9401' in the filename.  
An umcompress program will be needed to convert this to text your word 
processor can read.  DVARP thanks Doug Leibold of our sister 
organization Transport 2000 Ontario for making this site available.-MDM

@@LL  Site Set for NARP Region III Meeting

The Region III Meeting of the National Association of Railroad 
Passengers will be held Saturday, April 16, in the Wilmington City 
Council Chambers, Lewis C. Redding City-County Building, 8th and French 
Sts., in Wilmington.  

Passengers coming from Philadelphia may wish to use Amtrak to get to the 
meeting: SEPTA's R2 trains give Wilmington inconvenient arrivals of 8:14 
and 10:14 am (leave Center City at 7:25, 9:25).  Return service is 
better, with trains leaving at 2:34, 4:34, 5:36, 6:34, and 8:31.  The 
City-County Building is eight blocks from the Amtrak station, see the R2 
Wilmington schedule for a map.  Connections are easy: all DART buses 
from the station stop at the City-County Building; ride DART in downtown 
Wilmington for free with a SEPTA TrailPass.

Individuals who are not NARP members are welcome to attend the Region 
meeting, and to find out more about the nationwide passenger rail 
advocacy group and the activities of Delmarva Rail Passenger 
Association, NJ-ARP, Keystone ARP, and DVARP.  The registration fee of 
$10.00 includes lunch.  Call Doug Andrews of Delmarva RPA at 302-995-
6419 for more information.

@@MM  Evening DVARP Meeting

Because of the scheduling of the NARP Region III Meeting for the usual 
DVARP third Saturday, the April DVARP meeting will be held on Thursday 
night, April 14, from 6:00 to 9:00 pm, at Temple University Center City.  
Make a note of it!

@@NN  DVARP to Host '95 Meeting?

At last month's General Meeting, members agreed to have DVARP offer to 
host the next NARP Region III Meeting.  If the offer is accepted, the 
meeting will take place in Philadelphia in early spring of 1995.  John 
Dawson and Sharon Shneyer, DVARP members who are also NARP Region III 
Directors, along with DVARP Administrative VP Bob Machler, are 
volunteering to make the meeting arrangements.

@@OO  Dates of Interest

"The Great Canadian Train Ride." Jenkintown Kiwanis Lecturama Series at 
the Keswick Theatre, Easton Rd. and Keswick Ave., Glenside.  Tickets 
$10.00 at the door.  POSTPONED due to inclement weather, call Mike 
Czerwonka, 215-886-4195 for new date and time.

Philadelphia Trolley Coalition:  Sun., Mar. 13, 1:00 at the Boyertown 
Museum of Historic Vehicles, 28 Warnick St., Boyertown, PA.  Guest 
lecture on history of area trolleys.  For meeting and carpool 
information, call Joel Spivak, 215-785-7717.

SEPTA Citizen Advisory Committee:  Tues., Mar. 15, 5:45 pm at SEPTA 
Board Room, 714 Market St.

SEPTA on Site (Suburban Transit): Wed., Mar. 16, 7:30 to 9:30 am and 
3:30 to 5:30 pm at 69th St. Terminal, 7:30 to 9:30 am at Norristown 
Transportation Center.

SEPTA Public Hearing on Proposed Lansdale Transportation Center:  Fri., 
Mar. 18, 2:00 at Lansdale Borough Hall.

NJ Railroad and Transportation Museum "Getting on Track" Symposium:  
Sat., Mar. 19, 9:00 to 5:00 at Hall of Science Auditorium, Drew 
University, Madison NJ.  Presentations on proposed museum.  Registration 
$30.00, contact Bob Hooper, 4 Carriage Hill Dr., Long Valley NJ, for 
information.

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Mar. 19, 11:00 to 12:30 at 104 
Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

DVARP General Meeting: Sat., Mar. 19, 1:00 to 4:00 at Collingswood 
Public Library.

Reading Terminal Trainshed Reopening:  Sun., Mar 20, 12:00 to 5:00 at 
Pennsylvania Convention Center, 12th and Arch, Philadelphia.

Deadline for April newsletter material:  Mon., Mar. 21, to Matthew 
Mitchell or in DVARP mailbox.

SEPTA Board Meeting:  Thu., Mar. 24, 5:45 pm at SEPTA Board Room, 714 
Market St.

DVARP Transit Committee:  Thurs., Mar 31, 5:30 to 6:60 at 30th St. 
Station, Southwest arcade next to elevators and Ro and Sons Produce.

Delmarva Rail Passenger Association: Thu., Apr. 7, 6:30 pm at 
Stationmaster's Office, Amtrak Wilmington Station.  Call Ken Berg, 410-
648-4405, for more information.

DVARP Commuter Rail Committee: Sat., Apr. 9, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 
1121 Chestnut St., Phila.

DVARP South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Apr. 9, 10:00 to 11:30 at 104 
Edison Ave., Collingswood, NJ.

Daylight Time begins April 10:  New schedules take effect on Amtrak, 
SEPTA Regional Rail and Suburban Transit, NJ Transit Rail, and other 
operators.

DVARP General Meeting: Thurs., Apr. 14, 6:00 to 9:00 pm at Temple 
University Center City, 1616 Walnut St.  (please note that the time 
printed on the back cover last month was in error)

NARP Region III Meeting:  Sat., Apr. 16, 10:00 am, at Wilmington City 
Council Chamber, Lewis C. Redding City-County Building, 8th and French 
Sts.  Registration fee of $10.00 includes lunch; guest speakers 
expected.  Call Doug Andrews, 302-995-6419, for more information.

Listings based on information provided to DVARP.  Contact sponsor to 
confirm time & place.

Call 215-222-3373, message box 3, to add your event to this calendar.

@@PP  DVARP Membership/Renewal Coupon

Yes, I want to support improved passenger train service in our region!  
    Here are my DVARP membership dues for 1994!

Name                                    Membership Number

Address

City, State, Zip    

Please choose a membership category below, enclose check and mail to:
DVARP, PO Box 7505, Philadelphia, PA 19101

(  ) Regular: $15.00  (  ) Family:  $20.00  (  ) Supporting: $25.00

(  ) Sustaining: $50.00 (  ) Patron: $75.00  (  ) Benefactor: $100.00

(  ) under 21 or over 65: $7.50    

@@QQ  Up and Down the Corridor
News of other Northeastern commuter rail and rail transit services

Snow Cripples LIRR

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority's Inspector General is 
investigating Long Island Rail Road's management following the snow-
induced shutdown of service February 11.  Thousands of commuters were 
stranded by the action.  

Only a skeleton service ran over the weekend, and the effects lingered 
into Monday's rush hour, when a quarter of LIRR's 920 MU cars were still 
sidelined.  The powdery snow which made shoveling easy is reported to 
have gotten up into traction motors, causing flashovers.  LIRR also 
blamed its all-night running for some of the problems, but that seems 
illogical as the trains should have the effect of clearing off snow and 
ice.

Metro-North had far fewer problems.  Less than ten percent of their cars 
failed, while their bottom-contact third rail was less susceptible to 
icing than LIRR's top-contact electrification.  

More Park in Metropark

NJT will expand parking at Metropark from 1791 to 3500 spaces in a two 
phase project.  With its strategic location adjacent to the Garden State 
Parkway, Metropark is a big park-and-ride point.  As reported in 
Passenger Transport, the project will begin with  a seven level 2,000 
space parking garage to be located near the front of the station. The 
second phase will be 1,500 spaces on five levels in a structure east of 
phase one.  To ease congestion, $4 million is to be spent improving 11 
intersections within 3/4 mile of the station.

WMATA to Lose its 'Edge?'

Federal ADA legislation may spell the early scrapping of the Washington 
Metro's unique platform edges.  The law requires a textured edge which 
blind people can detect by feel, such as the bumpy edge now installed at 
some SEPTA stations.  Ironically, WMATA installed the granite edges with 
recessed flashing lights as a means of warning deaf people when a train 
was coming.  WMATA seeks an exception for its edge, citing the contrast 
between the smooth edge and the bumpy tile on the body of its platforms, 
its excellent safety record, and the $30 million cost of a refit.

@@RR  DVARP Phone & Voice-mail Directory

__  DVARP main number (voice mail line):.... 215-222-3373 
1  Chuck Bode, President:................... 215-222-3373 
5  Tom Borawski, VP-Transportation:......... 215-552-4198 
6  Robert H. Machler, VP-Administration:.... 215-222-3373 
5  Sharon Shneyer, VP-Public Relations:..... 215-386-2644
3  Matthew Mitchell, Newsletter Editor :.... 215-885-7448
4  Betsey Clark, Volunteer Coordinator:..... 215-222-3373 
8  Treasurer:............................... 215-222-3373
8  John Pawson, Commuter RR Comm.:.... 215-659-7736 (6 to 9 pm please)
3  Transit Committee:....................... 215-222-3373 
7  Don Nigro, South Jersey Committee:....... 609-869-0020
1  Dan Radack, Bicycle Coordinator:......... 215-232-6303
Media Hotline (digital beeper):............. 215-552-4198
Computer e-mail (internet):.... 73243.1224@compuserve.com
   or..........................mmitchell@asrr.arsusda.gov 

@@SS  Upcoming DVARP Meetings:

PATCO trains leave 16th & Locust Sts., Philadelphia every 11 minutes 
including 12:31,  travel time to Collingswood, 14 minutes.  Remember to 
purchase return trip SEPTA transfer before leaving subway station at 8th 
St. or Walnut-Locust.
*From Collingswood PATCO, walk one block to Haddon Ave., turn left 
(towards Camden)walk three blocks to library on right, turn right at 
entry for meeting room.

Thursday, April 14, 6:00 to 9:00 pm    Temple University Center City
please note Thursday date!

Saturday, April 16, 10:00 am    NARP Region III Meeting, Wilmington

Saturday, May 21, 1:00 to 4:00    Ludington Library, Bryn Mawr
location to be confirmed, please watch this space


@@TT  Agenda for the March meeting:

1:00 Introductions, agenda, minutes

1:10 Issues requiring immediate action
  R6 Cynwyd 
  Report for NARP Region III

2:30 Other issues
South Jersey Committee
  Burlington/Gloucester Corridors
  Summer seashore service

Commuter Rail Committee:
  R6 Cynwyd infrastructure
Transit Committe:    
  New SEPTA streetcars
  Autos obstructing transit routes
Administration:
  Incorporation
  Community fairs and events


@@UU  Committee Meetings:

South Jersey Committee:  Sat., Mar. 19, 11:30 at 104 Edison Ave., 
Collingswood, NJ

Transit Committee:  Thurs., Mar. 31, 5:30 at 30th St. Station-southeast 
arcade next to Ro's.

Commuter Rail Committee:  Sat., Apr. 9, 12:00 at Chestnut Gourmet, 1121 
Chestnut St.



Bulk Rate

U.S. Postage

PAID

Philadelphia, PA

Permit #721

DVARP

P.O. Box 7505

Philadelphia, PA  19101-7505

Forwarding and Address Correction Requested

Return Postage Guaranteed

Join DVARP Today!  

Use the coupon on page 19

First Class Mail


