Summary: a fool must solve a bunch of puzzles in order to confront the High Priestess and find the object of his quest--which isn't clear until he solves it. 
Plot: There are a lot of different puzzles to solve. Some can only be approached after solving others, but you can always leave a puzzle and head for another one, solving them at your own pace. The puzzles are set up like a storybook, and they correspond to various tarot cards. Problems include word searches, crosswords jigsaw puzzles, mazes, cracking alphabet codes, 3x3 crosswords with all 9 squares to fill, looking for hidden text in graphics, and puzzles where you "operate" on a sequence of words(for instance, type 1 and the letters flip flop. Type 2 and "the" is added to the start. But you need to figure out what each key does!) There's even a card game that you need to figure out the rules for and beat the computer at. 

Controls: go to see whichever puzzle you want as log as it's currently available, whenever you want. You can often use a pull-down menu for this. 

Graphics: tho' the early Macintosh I played it off was limited to Black & White the pictures were very well done. There was enough variety in the pictures so that it never got boring. And the large 9x9 puzzle of squares--to which you add a piece each time you solve a puzzle--is really neat. On Windows, I can imagine it's even better. Sound: Puzzles are interesting enough that it would be cheesy and detract from them. 

Replayability: You bet. It's impossible to remember all the puzzles, especially after several years(even though there seem to be a few too many blatantly easy ones, which cost this game a 10. Sure, a few are a good idea to get started, but the balance is not perfect, and a "perfect" game needs to have that sixth sense...) , and there's so much variety that you can feel as though you've completed a project. And any puzzles you had to write down, maybe you can solve in your head the second time around--the only way to increase the difficulty. 
   
Reviewer's Score: 9 / 10 
