Archive-name: 3plus/eagrbevr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Eager Beaver's Vacation at the Beach

 
I don't know how many of you have read about the skiing vacation I
took last last winter. It was a rather boring until my boyfriend Dave
and his friend Jim decided to do some very kinky things to Jim's
girlfriend Cathy and me, of course. None of the individual activities
were new to me, but the combination of things did get me very excited.
Cathy on the other hand was quite innocent of these kinky
entertainments. The vacation turned out to include her first assfuck,
her first time naked in front of more than one guy at a time, her
first time naked (in a sexual context) in front of a girl(me), her
first enema, her first outdoors fuck, her first lesbian kiss, her
first swapping, her first time with two cocks at once, her first
lesbian licking, her first lesbian fingering, her first taste of
pussy, (lots of lesbian firsts in here) etc, etc, etc...
 
Well it was so much fun that the boys (Dave and Jim) decided to spend
a summer vacation together as well. Needless to say Cathy and I were
going to be used for their kinky perversions again. I was dripping
cunt juice just thinking about it. Now that it has happened, I am
going to tell you about it.
 
Dave and I arrived late on Sunday afternoon. Jim and Cathy were
already there and had dinner ready for the barbecue. No one mentioned
doing anything kinky. We just waited until someone started something.
Nothing kinky happened that night. Dave gave me a good fuck, but
nothing out of the ordinary. The next morning we got up and went to
the kitchen for breakfast. Jim and Cathy were already making pancakes
and coffee. The sight of the syrup made me giggle and that got Cathy
giggling as well. Jim told Dave that these two dirty-minded girls
needed to be taught some breakfast manners. Dave agreed and took my
arm and bent me over the table. As he lifted up my robe to expose my
ass to Jim, Cathy was getting bent over next to me. Soon there were
two asses bared for the boys to see and punish. First Dave gave me a
smack on each asscheek, Jim did the same to Cathy. Then they switched,
Jim smacked my ass, Dave did Cathy's. Then they switched and increased
the number to two smacks per asscheek. Then switch and spank, then
switch, increase to three smacks, then switch again. Now there were
four pink, tender asscheeks showing. I had received harder spankings
before, but these were enough to get me hot and the grin on Cathy's
face told me she wanted to get started on the kinky stuff too.
 
They stood us up and stepped back. Dave told us to drop the robes we
were wearing. We opened them and drop them to the floor. Jim told us
to turn around slowly. We did, showing off everything (tits, cunt,
ass). Dave mentioned that Cathy and I had not properly greeted each
other. He told us to "Do It", and we did. We fell into each others
arms and tried to devour the others tongue. Quickly our hands moved
down to tits we hadn't seen or sucked in 6 months. Wanting more, our
hands moved down to cunts and asses. I had two fingers in Cathy's hot
wet snatch and a finger working in her asscrack before the boys pulled
us apart. They told us we would have to wait to have that kind of sex.
 
In the meantime, they wanted breakfast, and Cathy and I were the
desert. After eating the pancakes and drinking their morning coffee,
Cathy and I were laid on the table, legs up and open. Dave sat at my
crotch, Jim at Cathy's. Maple syrup was poured onto our cunts and
properly licked off. Soon both Cathy and I were in the throes of a
great orally induced orgasm. Before we recovered from it completely,
the boys switched places. This time strawberry jam and a longer,
slower orgasm.
 
When we were recovering from our second orgasm of the day, the boys
turned us face down on opposite sides of the table. Dave began to
lubricate my asshole.  I knew it was Dave because he is so gentle when
he is buttering up my ass for a fucking. He finished and moved away.
Hands grabbed my asscheeks and a cock pressed against my asshole. I
looked up to watch Jim plow Cathy's hot ass only to see Dave working
his cockhead into her. I reached forward with my right hand to pull
one of Cathy's cheeks. I reach back with my left to pull my own
asscheek.  Dave told Cathy what I was doing and told her to do the
same. Soon we were holding our asscheeks open for the boys to fuck our
willing assholes.  Jim pulled his cockhead out for a moment, said he
wanted to see how open I really was, then put his cock back into my
tail, this time pushing slowly until he was complete filling my ass.
The boys began a long rhythmic fuck. This fuck was for their pleasure,
and they certainly took their time getting it. I really enjoy an
assfuck, because the pleasure never seems to stop, it builds to a
point where I don't care about anything else, and stays at that
plateau until either I finger myself off or the guy shoots his load.
Cathy thrashes around a bit more than I do when she is getting her
tail worked over, but she enjoys it. After a long time of this
pleasure plateau, Jim began to pump my ass faster. I reacted by
tightening my ass, squeezing his muscle to match his strokes. I wanted
to cum when he did so I moved my left hand underneath and worked my
finger into my slit. I was certainly wet enough for any sex act, but I
am right handed and it was a little difficult to finger myself to
orgasm. Jim saw (and felt) what I was doing and told Cathy to do the
same to her cunt. The thought of a finger entering her hot wet hole
got me really going. Jim grabbed my waist and plunged all the way in
and held me tight as he shoot his cum into me. I pushed hard against
my clit and thought about Cathy's love button. I was cumming before
Jim finished spewing. I looked up to see Dave smiling as he unloaded
into Cathy's tail.
 
When we were able to get up, Dave said that we needed a thorough
cleaning before we would be allowed out onto the beach. The boys led
us to the bathroom. We were told to get into the tub and wash each
other. Dave used the hand-held shower nozzle to rinse us. Cathy and I
eagerly washed the other's tits, cunt, ass, everything. After Dave
rinsed the soap off our tits, I had a chance to suck Cathy's big
fleshy tits again. I made sure that I quickly got a finger into both
Cathy's cunt and ass. A splash of water on my face from Dave told me
it was time to change positions. I stood up and let Cathy begin to
suck on my tiny nipples. She was so hungry for tit, she sucked my
entire little tit into her mouth. (I just wish I had more tit flesh
for her to suck) She sucked and licked until Dave splashed her face to
make her stop. He rinsed off the rest of us and then Jim said he was
ready. While Cathy and I were sucking tittie, Jim was preparing our
first enema of the vacation. Dave had given me several enemas in the
three years we have been screwing, and then after the ski trip, he has
been giving them to me every Friday night, to get me ready for the
weekend.
 
They told us to get down on our knees in the tub and bend over the
side. This is the same position they had us in during the ski trip,
when Cathy got her first enema. Jim hooked two enema bags to the
shower curtain rod and dangled the hoses so we could see the long thin
nozzles. Jim and Dave took positions next to us and began to soap up
our freshly fucked assholes. After they had some fun fingering our
tails, they slowly inserted the long nozzles. The smile on Cathy's
face showed me that she had been cleaned out more than once since our
ski trip and thoroughly enjoyed it. The rush of hot soapy water
startled me as it filled my rectum. The boys squeezed the bags to make
sure we got filled. The heat was causing us to sweat as the boys
removed the nozzles and inserted butt plugs. They pulled our heads up
and Dave joined us in the tub. He turned on the shower and had us wash
his important parts. After we soaped, massaged, and rinsed his now
rigid cock, he pulled my head towards him and I opened my mouth to
receive his cock. He fucked my mouth for a few strokes, then pulled
out and turned towards Cathy. Her open mouth was waiting for him to
insert his cock and fuck away. A few more strokes and he came back to
me. We alternated getting our mouths fucked until Dave finally held my
head as he shot a load of cum down my throat. Dave got out of the tub
and Jim took his place. After we cleaned him appropriately, he
repeated the alternating mouth fuck until he shot his load into
Cathy's mouth. Jim got out and as he dried himself off, Cathy and I
were instructed to finger yourselves. We stood in the tub, leaning
against the wall with our legs spread as wide as they could in the
tub. One hand down into my snatch, the other squeezing my titties, I
began to pump my hot slick hole, rubbing my clit with each stroke. It
didn't take long before I came. I opened my eyes and watched Cathy
slide down into an open-legged squatting position and pump two fingers
in and out of her cunt with total abandon. While she recovered, I was
allowed to empty my ass after Jim pulled out the butt plug. When I
finished, Dave came back and told Jim that everything was ready. Jim
had me get into the tub and he rinsed me off quickly. Dave was pulling
out Cathy's butt plug. (Actually he was enjoying just wiggling it
around in her tail.) Jim took me back out into the kitchen, where Dave
had laid a sheet on the table and prepared for the next activity. Jim
had me lay on the table and spread my legs wide. (I had gotten my cunt
shaved clean when I went to a reunion in January. I kept it hairless
all spring. Dave liked it so much, that he talked to Jim about it
whenever they called to plan this trip. I stopped shaving my cunt in
June to give these boys something to do. And now Jim was going to do
it.) Jim took a shaving mug and brush and lathered my cunt, from the
top of my triangle, down my slit and across my asshole. Then he took a
razor and gently removed what little hair I had grown in the last
seven weeks. He smiled every moment, especially when he shaved my
outer lips. He inserted his finger into my cunthole and squeezed my
lip between his thumb and the finger in my hole. He pulled my lip taut
and shaved off every little hair follicle. When he was finished with
my cunt, he had me turn over. Knees and tits on the table, ass high in
the air, he applied more lather to my ass, not just my asshole or my
crack, but all over my asscheeks as well. Again he very gently shaved
me, leaving not a single piece of fuzz on my ass. He wiped off the
remaining lather and liberally applied some baby oil. He made sure
that I was very smooth and slick and ready. Jim took me from the table
and Cathy took my place. Jim had me bend over slightly so he could
fondle me from behind while we watched Cathy get shaved. He slipped
two fingers into my cunt and his thumb into my ass. He held me this
way until Dave had shaved Cathy's cunt and ass as well as Jim had done
mine. I wiggled against Jim's fingers when we watched Dave oil up
Cathy, especially when he worked two oil-coated fingers into her cunt
and twisted his hand around. When Dave finished having his fun with
Cathy's slick cunt and ass, she was taken from the table and we were
escorted to the living room, where the boys had laid out our new
bathing suits, suits they had bought for us.
 
The tops were fairly standard, two small triangles of cloth with some
strings to tie behind our necks and backs. The bottoms however were
quite interesting. One triangle of cloth with two strings from one
point. We were instructed to hold the triangle against our mound while
the boys pulled the two strings between our legs, up into our
asscracks. They then tied a knot in the strings at the top of our
asscrack. Bringing the two strings around out hips, they threaded the
strings thru eyelets across the top of the triangle and tied a bow
when they met in the center. This allowed the triangle to cover our
slits (it could be spread out or bunched up thin depending on how much
shaven mound they wanted to show off), but left our asscheeks bare for
everyone to see. The boys put on their suits and we left for the
beach.
 
We spent the morning (what was left of it) just lying in the sun. The
boys made sure we were properly covered with sunscreen. They took
turns rubbing it all over our exposed skin, especially our pale
asscheeks. The boys talked between themselves and let Cathy and I do
some girl talking. (What we talked about would be too much for this
story and I may use it for another.) In early afternoon, the boys got
hungry and we picked up our stuff and went to lunch. We went to a
small burger place. The boys got seats and Cathy and I went up to the
counter to get the food (and show off our shiny asscheeks to
everyone). After we ate, Dave and I cuddled up together while the boys
talked some more. Dave had his arm around me, with his hand down toward
my cunt. At one point, he took his soda and got out a small piece of
ice. Hidden by the table, he slipped his hand under the skimpy
triangle covering my slit and rubbed that piece of ice against my hot
clittie. If he had asked, I would have stripped and fucked him right
there, I was so hot. But he didn't ask, or tell or do anything else
sexual. He left the ice held against my clit by my own lips and we got
up and went back to the beach. Walking back to the beach, Cathy asked
me if my piece of ice had melted as quickly as her's. We giggled, and
Jim looked back at us and told us we would get more later. At the
beach we spent the afternoon laying in the sun and watching the people
walking by. Cathy and I watched for good looking guys ('Hunk Alert')
while the boys watched for girls of course ('Bimbo Alert'). Although I
would not have minded getting a few of those girls stripped just for
myself.
 
Late in the afternoon, we packed up and went back to the house. The
boys took us around back to an outside shower. All four of us could
fit in it, but Dave stayed out to prepare the barbecue. Jim had us
take off his bathing suit and wash him completely. Surprisingly he
left Cathy and I in our suits. When he was clean, he turned off the
shower and had us kneel down. He repeated the mouth fuck, this time
shooting his load into my mouth. He told me not to swallow it yet. He
pushed Cathy and I together till our faces met. Her lips parted and we
pushed his cum back and forth with our tongues until we were separated
by Dave. We each swallowed what cum we had and stripped and washed
Dave. When we finished cleaning him, he repeated the mouth fuck,
cumming in Cathy's mouth. She didn't need any guidance this time as we
clinched and exchanged Dave's cum with our eager tongues. Dave bent
over and told us that we could have some fun with each other now, but
that they expected us to come out of the shower clean enough to eat.
 
Cathy and I swallowed Dave's cum and quickly stripped off each other's
suits. We spent a long time soaping up tits, cunts and asses. We were
careful not to get any soap inside our cunt holes, but I bent Cathy
over and soaped her ass, carefully working one, then two fingers into
her tail. I had her hands on the wall in front of her so she couldn't
finger her clit. I pumped her ass until I knew she would cum at the
first touch to her clit. I pulled out of her ass and rinsed her off
and then rinsed myself. I told Cathy to lay down on the floor of the
shower. I told her that we should check to be sure we were edible
enough to please the boys. She laid down and pointed out that the
shower walls left a 9 nine gap at the floor and that the boys (and the
neighbors) could see us on the floor if they looked. I told her that
we should give them a good show and squatted down, pushing my clean
shaven cunt onto her mouth and pressed my tongue against her clit.
It took only a few licks on her clit to make her cum (just what I
wanted) and I spent the next few minutes licking the delicious cream
from her clean cunthole. Several times Cathy would lick my hole and
clit just to the point of cumming and then she would push me away.
Being larger and stronger than me, she kept my cunt from rubbing
against her when she didn't want me to cum. After I had calmed down,
she would pull me back towards her mouth and she would begin again by
stuffing her tongue into my hole. Three times she brought me to the
edge of orgasm only to push my cunt away before I could cum. The third
time she held me with one hand on each asscheek and began to rub my
asshole with her fingertips. I pushed my tongue as deep into her cunt
as I could trying to get her to let me cum. She worked on my asshole
and pushed her cunt up at my tongue. She pulled my ass open and worked
a finger from each hand into my tail. I licked at her hot moist hole
wanting to cum, wanting her to cum. When I thought she was at the
edge, I moved my mouth back to her clit and sucked her erect nub into
my mouth and sucked hard. She came, intense, quick waves of pleasure
swept thru her. She clamped her legs around my head, keeping me in my
place and she pushed her fingers into my asshole up to the second
knuckle. She pulled my cuntlips open with her thumbs and drove her
tongue deep into my hole. She wiggled her tongue in me until her
orgasm subsided. She released my head and pulled her tongue out of my
cunt. I begged her to make me cum. She laughed and said that she was
going to leave my orgasm for the boys. She rolled me off her, and we
hugged and kissed and she told me that I gave her two great orgasms
and that we were switch roles the next day. We got up, rinsed off one
more time and prepared to leave the shower. It was twenty feet from
the shower door to the back door of the house, and two very naked
girls covered that distance very quickly, only to be stopped at the
door by Dave. He gave us each a hand towel and told us to dry off on
the back porch before coming inside. We quickly dried off in full view
of any of the neighbors. We didn't see anyone else watching us, but if
anyone was, they got a good show. The boys barbequed dinner outside
while Cathy and I did all the inside preparations. After dinner, we
went into the living room and sat, drinking good wine, listening to
good music. It was a very relaxing part of the evening. After several
hours (and bottles of wine), none of us were feeling any pain. Dave
got up and prepared another cartridge for the [[cd]] player. When he
started it, Jim stood up and stripped off his shirt and shorts. Dave
did the same. Now with all four of us naked the boys announced that it
was time for desert, and we were it. Cathy and I were moved to the
couch, we leaned back, pulled our legs up and then out to expose our
clean hairless cunts. Jim brought out a tray with some desert stuff on
it. Both boys grabbed a banana, peeled it and worked it into a cunt.
Dave filled mine and Jim filled Cathy's. They broke off any piece that
extended beyond our lips. Then they poured chocolate syrup all over
our shaven cunts. They poured a little onto each tittie. Then a spray
can of whipped cream, again onto our cunts and a little on our tits.
Finally a cherry to top each tit mound and one where our clit was
hidden. Dave took out a Polaroid camera and took a picture of each of
us. At last they began to eat us. Slowly Dave licked away the whipped
cream. He had to press his tongue against my skin to lick the
chocolate off. He avoided the inside of my slit, cleaning off only the
outside. I wanted him to tongue my clit and hole so much, I pushed my
cunt up at his tongue, but he held me back. He switch to licking my
tiny tits clean. He sucked at each nipple until it was hard and
sensitive. He moved back to my cunt and pulled my lips open with his
thumbs. The now softened banana peeked out, and I instinctively
squeezed it, pushing out toward Dave's mouth. He put his tongue
against it and pushed it back in. Then he let up and I pushed it out,
then he pushed it in, and we fucked my cunt with that banana until I
was ready to cum. Dave started eating the banana as I pushed it out.
When He had eaten all of it, he pressed his mouth to my cunt and
pushed his tongue into my hot juicy hole. His wiggling tongue drove me
over the edge and I flooded his mouth with cum. I squeezed my legs to
hold his head in place until I finished creaming. When I relaxed I saw
Cathy writhing in pleasure as Jim finished tonguing her. When he
finished Dave told him that I had squeezed his head with my legs. Jim
said that Cathy had also gotten a little carried away with her orgasm.
He suggested that we be trained to cum without hurting our partners.
Dave agreed and ordered me to turn over on the couch. I knelt down on
the floor, bent over the couch seat. Jim had Cathy join me. Dave knelt
behind me, pushed my legs apart and inserted his cock into my waiting
hole. With one push he buried his cock into me. Jim did the same to
Cathy and they began a slow rhythmic fuck. Dave fucked in and out
until I was again on the edge of orgasm. He pushed all the way in and
held me until Jim got Cathy to the same state of pleasure. They pulled
out, slapped our tails, and switched places. Quickly Jim took his
position deep in my cunt and they continued their steady driving fuck.
In a very short time a shattering orgasm shook me. Jim kept his even
pace during my orgasm. When I was finished, he pushed in and held me,
reaching under me to cup my titties. We stayed that way until Dave had
finished Cathy. Here we were, two freshly fucked cunts, stuffed full
of hard cocks that hadn't cum yet. When Cathy had rested, the boys
pulled out and pushed us down onto the floor, my head toward Cathy's
cunt. The boys came down behind us. Dave lifted Cathy's leg, Jim
lifted mine, and we dove into each other's hot slit cunt. Cathy was so
hot and sweet and creamy, I licked at her lips and clit and drove my
tongue into her hole. Cathy vigorously returned the favor and my
pleasure increased. A gentle pressure against my asshole indicated
that one of the boys was about to take my tail for his pleasure. I
didn't care which guy it was, they are both great fuckers and I wanted
to be fucked. I loosened my ass muscles as that cock entered and sunk
into my tail. A hand pushed my head away from Cathy's cunt enough to
let a cock push its way into Cathy's rectum. I planted my mouth on her
clit and sucked. I sucked and nibbled at her passion button. I wanted
her to cum with that cock up her tail. Cathy beat me to it. By sucking
on my clit she made me cum first. Again I squeezed my legs to hold
her, not as hard as I did for Jim, but still she didn't pull away. I
sucked at Cathy's clit again and again until she came. Her juices
flowed and the sweet scent and taste of her cream filled my mind. The
boys pushed us tighter together and fucked our asses until they came.
When both boys had shot a load of cum into a hot ass, they pulled out
and let Cathy and I lay there cuddling against each other's cunt for a
while. They went and cleaned up. When they came back, they pulled us
apart and Dave said that I needed more training in how to cum without
squeezing the person making me cum. Jim agreed and they took Cathy
away. They took her into my bedroom and strapped my 10 inch dildo onto
her. This dildo has a strap that goes around the girl's waist,
threading thru a strap that goes down thru her crotch and up her ass.
This crotch strap has an extension of the dildo on the inside. It is
an arm ending in a marble sized ball. This ball fits just inside the
girls cunthole. It moves in and out of her hole and the arm rubs her
clit back and forth when the girl fucks the dildo in and out of
someone else. It makes sure that the fucker gets an orgasm as well as
the fuckee.
 
This time Cathy was the fucker and I was the fuckee. Not the way I had
wanted it when I packed the dildo but I was ready for any kind of
orgasm tonight. The boys knelt down on each side of me. They pulled my
arms over my head and held them there. Then they pulled my legs up and
open, exposing my shaved, licked, fucked and horny cunt to Cathy and
that 10 inches of fake cock. They told her to kneel down and stuff
that dildo into my hole. She got down and put the head of the dildo
between my wet lips. She slowly pushed the dildo into me. Slowly,
steady pushing filled me with that dildo. When she got it all the way
in, she tangled one of her tits by my mouth and I licked and sucked at
it, until she pulled away. Cathy moved her other tit to me and got it
sucked as well. Jim slapped her on the ass and told her to give me a
really good fucking. She pulled back and slammed into me. She began a
hard pounding fuck. The hard thrusts quickly raised me to a plateau of
pleasure that felt great. She occasionally pushed a tit to my face but
pulled it back before I could suck on it. This fuck was going to take
a long time. After cumming a few times, I get to the point where
further sex gets me to this pleasure plateau but orgasm takes longer
and they tend to become less intense and recovery takes even longer.
Cathy kept pounding at my open cunt. Because the boys were holding my
arms and legs, I couldn't do much to speed up my orgasm. Cathy pounded
at my cunt. We were covered with sweat. I couldn't do anything but
take the fuck what ever way they wanted to give it to me. Cathy jammed
that dildo into me and bobbed up and down to force the little ball to
finish her orgasm. Cathy collapsed on top of me. When she recovered,
Dave switched places with her. When Cathy had pulled my leg open to
match Jim's hold on me, Dave jammed his cock into me and repeated
Cathy's pounding fuck. I don't remember if I came or not, but the
pleasure of the fuck kept me in ecstasy. He pounded and pounded and
eventually he shot into me. Dave and Jim switched places and Jim
continued the pound fuck that Cathy had started. By the time Jim shot
his load, I was completely exhausted. So completely exhausted that I
fell asleep on the floor while the three of them washed and dried me.
Dave carried me into our bedroom and they put me to bed. Cathy told me
later that all three fondled me and kissed each sex organ goodnight.
The boys took Cathy back into the living room and Dave gave her a
licking and then Jim gave her a licking and then they went to bed.
Dave coming into bed with me.
 
Tuesday was a repeat of Monday except that we didn't need to be shaved
and Cathy and I switched roles. In the shower after we got home from
the beach, Cathy licked me to orgasm and then I licked her to the edge
of cumming and stopped, and then I repeated that two more times until
Cathy was ever so ready to fuck, or suck or get fingered or whatever
so she could cum. After dinner and wine, the boys made us into sundaes
again. I came really long and hard when Jim ate that banana out of my
cunt. When they put us onto the floor, Cathy and I dove into each
other's hot sweet cunts. This time when a cock started to poke into
Cathy's ass, I looked up to see that it was Jim. Last night it must
have been Jim in my ass and Dave in Cathy's. Cathy and I traded licks
and sucks and orgasms until the boys shot their cum into our tails.
They left us there while they went to clean up and get more drinks.
Cathy pulled me on top of her and continued licking my slit even when
Dave's cum started oozing out of my asshole, down my slit and onto her
tongue. When Jim's cum was oozing out of her ass, I stroked her
asscrack with my fingers, bringing his cum into my mouth. I even
inserted a finger into her slick asshole to get the cum out of her.
Her ass certainly loosened up a lot since her anal deflowering last
winter. The boys came back with drinks and told us it was my turn to
fuck Cathy. They send me into the bedroom to get the strap-on dildo
while they spread Cathy out for her fucking. In the bedroom I
unscrewed the dildo and inserted two batteries. The boys apparently
didn't know that this thing is a vibrator as well as an artificial
cock. I went back into the living room and saw Cathy beautiful pink
cunt, slick with her juice and my saliva, ready and willing to be
fucked. I walked over to them, knelt down in front of Cathy and
quickly pressed the vibrator against her clit and cunthole while I
leaned forward to kiss each nipple. The vibrations startled her and
she gasped and the boys laughed when they realized that the dildo
was now a vibrator and the Cathy was about to receive a first class
fucking. I leaned back and reached down to point the vibrating head
into her hole. She smiled at me and I plunged its length into her
filling her hole with the hard vibrating shaft. I held it deep inside
her forcing her to accept the pleasure of the vibrations. She squeezed
her cunt muscles around the rod and tried to hold it in when I pulled
back. I slammed into again and began a hard pounding fuck, as hard and
pounding and as completely satisfying as the one she gave me the night
before. The hard pounding strokes quickly built up her pleasure, then
I switched to long slow deep strokes to keep her on that high plateau
of pleasure. The vibrations working back thru that little ball brought
me to the same pleasure plateau. I decided to try for a combined
orgasm, hers and mine at the same time. I increased the speed of my
strokes in her hot cunt until I knew she was on the verge of orgasm. I
rammed that vibrator deep into her and sat back. This pushed the
little ball a little deeper into my hole but more important it pushed
the vibrator up against the roof of Cathy's vagina. The vibration
quickly drove us both over the edge and we shuttered and moaned and
came. I collapsed on top of Cathy. The boys released her and we hugged
for the remainder of our mutual orgasm. When Jim decided we had had
enough, he pulled me off of her and we swapped places. Dave and I
pulled her legs open and held her arms and legs so Jim could continue
the thorough fucking Cathy was to receive. He pounded in and out of
her hot well-fucked cunt until he shot a load deep into that love
hole. I was not given time to turn off the vibrator that was strapped
on my mound so I was being drive to a long slow growing orgasm. I am
fairly certain that Cathy came at least once with Jim but she doesn't
remember much more than reaching that level of pleasure and staying
there. Then Jim and Dave switched places and Dave continued the fuck
until he came. The vibrator had me so sexually aroused that the boys
had me get back into Cathy's cunt. This time she was allowed to follow
her sexual instincts and wrap her arms and legs around me while I
tried to cum one more time. The boys went to get some wet washcloths
and towels. When they returned, I had had my orgasm and Cathy and I
were still cuddled together with the vibrator buzzing away at our
cunts. The boys helped me up and out of the straps. We gently washed
and dried our sleeping sex partner. The boys lifted her up and carried
her to their bedroom and we put her to bed, again each of us kissing
her mouth, her nipples and her freshly (thoroughly) fucked cunt. The
boys and I went back into the living room. I was told to sit on the
couch. Jim knelt down between my legs. He lifted them up and spread
them and gave me a slow gentle licking, cleaning off my outer lips
then proceeding to the inner lips. He repeatedly licked from my
asshole up across my cunthole around my clit and back down. He did
this for a few minutes, then he got up, kissed me on the lips and the
nipples, said good night and went to bed. Dave took his place and
repeated the long slow licks, but intermingled a few clit sucks. My
pleasure built but I didn't cum. It would have taken hours to cum but
the pleasure was there anyway. He stood up and led me to bed. We
cuddled and kissed and had a great restful night's sleep.
 
Wednesday turned out to be a very anally oriented day. Again there was
the breakfast licking that they gave us, but when they took us to the
bathroom for our shower, we were told that they would only be fucking
our asses today. We were taken into the shower by Jim. He turned on
the water and we washed him all over. Then they washed me. Jim paid
special attention to my ass. Then he and I washed Cathy, again his
attention was on her ass. Then Jim turned off the water. He had me at
one end of the tub, he was at the other end and Cathy was between us.
He instructed Cathy to face the wall and bend over a bit, sticking her
ass out at Dave, who was watching us. She took her position and Dave
handed be a liquid soap container and told me to soap up Cathy's ass
REAL good. I pumped a stream of soap at the top of her asscrack and
watched it ooze down to her asshole. I put my finger just under her
hole and when the soap arrived, I began to massage her pucker. Using
the soap as lubrication I worked my finger into her hot tail. She
squirmed a bit but not in pain. I pulled my finger out, applied more
liquid soap and continued exploring her rectum. The more I worked on
her hole the soapier and slicker she got, the easier it was to pump
her without causing pain or discomfort. Jim told me to use two fingers
with a generous coat of soap. I did and slowly worked two fingers into
her until she had loosened up to take them without pain. Finally Jim
stopped me and had Cathy bend over to touch the bottom of the tub.
This opened her ass a bit more and gave it a near vertical angle. Jim
put his thumbs on each side of her asshole, squeezed his fingers into
her asscheeks and pulled her asshole open. Dave told me to pump some
more soap into Cathy's open rectum. When I did, Jim had Cathy stand up
and face away from Jim. Dave had me sit down on the side of the tub.
Cathy was instructed to bend over and lean on the wall in front of her.
This put her big fleshy tits dangling in front of me. Jim pulled her
cheeks and pushed his cockhead into her slick tail. He asked her what
she wanted now. Cathy said she wanted to get her ass fucked. Jim
easily slid his rod deep into her soapy cavern. He told me that I
could play with her tits or her cunt, anything I wanted, except her
ass, that he would take care of that. Then he began a slow deep
fucking rhythm. I reached out and took her tits in my hands and
squeezed and pulled at them the way a farmer would milk a cow's tits
(sorry for the analogy, comparing Cathy to a cow isn't nice, but I
spent some time on a farm when I was young and milking a cow was one
of the things I did there and that was the same thing I was now doing
to Cathy's tits, my only regret is that she didn't have any milk in
them for me to squeeze out). After a bit I moved one hand down to her
cunt and my finger found her soapy slick crack and slipped inside. I
rubbed her clit around a bit causing her to start moaning. Then I
moved my fingertip down to her cunthole and in, in deep and easy. She
was very slick first from her own juices and then from the soap oozing
down from her asshole. A pinch on her clittie triggered her first
orgasm. After she calmed down a bit I resumed the tit squeezes and
cunt fingering until Cathy had a second orgasm and until Jim pulled
her onto his cock and held her while his hot load of cum was spewing
up her tail. When he recovered he slipped out of her tail and Dave
inserted a butt plug before much of Jim's cum got out.
 
Now we switched places, Jim got out, Dave got in and I was put in the
middle. We washed Dave all over, I took the low spots and Cathy took
the high ones. Then they washed me again. Then I was told to get into
position and Cathy began to soap up my ass. Just her finger action in
my ass got me halfway to orgasm. Then Dave had me bend over and
slipped his head into my ass. He asked me what I wanted and I told him
I wanted the best assfuck he could give. His response was a quick deep
plunge into my slick asshole. Cathy wasted no time and began to tweek
my nipples and finger my cunt. Her loving strokes to my clit and
Dave's equally loving but more filling strokes in my ass quickly
brought me to orgasm. Cathy decided to tweak my clit after I started
cumming and that extended and intensified my orgasm. I was in a daze
of pleasure after that. I don't know how long I was getting fucked or
exactly what Cathy was doing to my nipples and cunt, but it felt great
and I came again. This one was longer and broader and beautiful. Just
near the end, Dave slipped his hands underneath me, cupped my titties
in his hands, lifted my chest up, pushed as deep into my tail as
possible and shot his load. We were both weak when he finished and
Cathy had to hold me up until Jim could get the butt plug inserted
into me. Then they sat me down and let me recover. Cathy was given a
bottle of prepared douche and told to clean the soap out of her cunt.
It was a pleasure sitting at one end of the tub, freshly fucked,
watching Cathy spread her legs, spread her sexy hairless cuntlips and
flush out one of her pleasure holes. When Cathy was finished, I was
given a bottle and told to clean myself out. I did, giving Cathy and
Jim and Dave as good a cunt show as I could. When I was finished, we
were placed to receive our daily enemas. The boys hung up the enema
bags, pulled out our butt plugs, inserted the nozzles and filled our
tails with a hot soapy enema. A second enema was hot but clear water
and a third was warm clear water to finish flushing out our asses.
Cathy and I were allowed to shower and when we went into the living
room we were the cleanest ladies on the beach (tits,cunts, and asses,
but definitely not clean minded). In the living room the boys
presented us with some new toys. We each received two sets of Ben-wa
balls. One silver and one gold colored. The boys told us that the gold
ones were for our cunts and the silver were for our asses. We were
told to lay on the couch at opposite end, with our legs in the middle
and up in the air.  Dave inserted a set of gold balls into my cleaned
out cunt while Jim did the same to Cathy. Then Jim inserted the silver
balls into my ass while Dave did Cathy. Finally we were dressed in our
bathing suits and taken down to the beach.
 
Those balls stuffed into our cunts and asses kept moving around,
keeping us very aroused. Even when we laid absolutely still, they
still had us excited. Cathy and I needed to cum, to get push this
pleasure further to climax. We tried walking and jogging. Nothing
we could do in public would get us to orgasm. Then Cathy suggested
that we go into the water and masturbate out there. Jim told her that
if we went into the water, they would come with us, strip us, fuck us
and leave us out there without suits, to walk home naked, shaved, and
freshly fucked. We decided not to go into the water to masturbate.
Finally at lunchtime, the boys took us back to the house. They brought
us around back. They told us to stand in the middle of the yard and
strip. When we were naked, Dave turned on the hose and sprayed us,
concentrating on our hot horny cunts. They told us to shower. We were
allowed to remove the balls from our cunts and asses, but we were told
not to finger, or lick our cunts. They still did not want us to cum.
Cathy and I showered, sucking on each others tits, but obeying the
boys and not playing with our cunts. When we went into the house, the
boys told us that they had called for pizza and that it would be there
very soon. The boys positioned us on the couch. We were placed so that
our shoulders were on the bottom and our asses against the back, with
our legs up in the air. They had us spread our legs to show off our
hot, clean cunts and asses. The doorbell rang and Dave opened the
door. He invited the delivery boy in to get paid. He was young, about
16 or 17 and he was very surprised at seeing Cathy and I on display
like that. Dave told us to masturbate for our guest while he went to
get his money. After an entire morning with Ben-wa balls in us, not
being allowed to cum, Cathy and I did not need any more instruction or
encouragement, even with a total stranger there to watch. Our fingers
plunged into our cunts, two from one hand into my hole, two from the
other hand to rub my clit. In a matter of moments I was cumming.
Cathy's legs thrashing around indicated that her orgasm was at hand as
well. When we were satisfied (temporarily), the delivery boy was asked
if he would like to taste our creamy cunts. He said yes and was
allowed five licks at each of us. That wasn't enough to make us cum
again, but his cock was standing at attention when he left. We were
taken off the couch and we had our lunch. I will never be able to look
at another pizza without thinking of the smile on that boy's face when
he had licked us. After lunch, the boys asked us if we were
comfortable at the beach that morning. We explained about the constant
arousal and our wanting to cum. They suggested that the extreme heat
of the afternoon might make things even hotter to handle. They decided
to try to compensate for the heat. We were taken into the bathroom and
put down in position for another enema. This time Jim brought a bowl
of crushed ice with him. They prepared two enema bags, each contained
a handful of crushed ice and cold tap water. They bags were sealed
and given to us, so that we could make sure there was no ice unmelted
before they filled out asses with the ice-cold water. This rush of
cold water was unlike any enema I have had. It filled, it chilled, it
made my nipples get very tight and pointed. Cathy and I were shivering
from the unusual sensations. The boys lifted up our chests and with
each hand rubbed an ice cube around our nipples. After a few circles
on our nips, the ice cubes were put down to our clits. The chill
amplified the tingling in our tails. When the ice had melted, Cathy
and I were very eager to fuck, but definitely were not hot and sweaty
like the boys. We were allowed to let the cold water out and clean
each other up. When we got back to the living room, the boys had us
take kneeling positions on the couch, leaning over the back. They
poured some lubricating oil (sexy kind) onto our asses and rubbed it
into all the nooks and crannies. Then Jim grabbed my waist and slid
his cock into my chilled but slick and willing asshole. I turned back
to watch Dave slide effortlessly into Cathy's butt. They fucked our
tails slowly, gently, warming up our clean cool tunnels with each
stroke. We were not allowed to play with ourselves so neither Cathy
nor I were able to cum before the boys left their latest loads in us.
They pulled out and told us to stay there while they got something
from the kitchen. They brought back two bowls. The bowls had been in
the freezer all during lunch. They contained the oil the boys had
lubed our tails with and our Ben-wa balls. The balls were now quite
cold, but slick, too slick to stick to anything. The balls were put
into the designated sex receptacles, and we were allowed to put our
suits back on. The afternoon on the beach was even more sexually
frustrating for Cathy and I than the morning was. We wanted to cum, so
much, so badly. The balls did not retain their coolness very long
under that hot sun, but they certainly were slick enough to move
around inside us.
 
At dinner time, we went back to the house. Cathy and I were instructed
to strip down in the backyard, extract the Ben-wa balls, shower, wash
each other and then come inside the house. We were strictly forbidden
to make ourselves or each other cum. When we got inside we found the
boys getting dinner ready. We were told to just go into the living
room and sit down (again we were told not to play with ourselves). The
boys brought in platters of hamburgers and fixings and chips and beer.
When we all had finished, the boys had us stand up. They moved to
particular seats that were good for watching the television. Dave had
me bend over in front of him and he applied a generous coat of butter
to my asshole, gently but thoroughly poking it into me. Jim did the
same thing to Cathy. Then Dave held my waist and guided me onto his
lap. He had me put one hand between my legs to hold his cock and aim
it into my asshole. When I had impaled myself on his hard cock, he
pulled me down snug and then back to lie against his chest. When Cathy
was in the same position, Jim picked up the remote control for the TV
and VCR and turned them on. The video tape was a special one they had
found. It was all about a pair of college girls who majoring in
assfucking. Every other scene was one or both of these girls with a
thick cock up their ass. And Cathy and I watched with our own lovers
buried in our tails. After about 30 minutes Cathy and I were so hot,
and so eager to cum, the boys let us finger ourselves, still sitting
on their cocks. We were allowed to cum three times before the movie
ended. We were hot, with tender clitties from the fierce rubbing we
gave ourselves and still very eager to satisfy the cocks that were
filling our asses. The last scene in the movie was an orgy where the
girls were placed mouth to cunt and told to lick each other (their
first time supposedly) while a dozen or so guys took turns fucking
their asses. During this very hot scene, Cathy and I were not allowed
to play with our clits or finger our holes. The two girls in the movie
outfucked all the guys and were still so horny that they fell back
into each others arms and kept eating each other during the closing
credits. Jim shut off the TV and VCR and we were told to stand up. The
boys cleared to table and moved it out of the way. We were laid down
on the floor in a sixty-nine position on our sides, but were told not
to start anything. Dave laid down behind me and slipped into my ass
again. Jim laid down and slipped into Cathy. Now we were told that we
could start licking each other and the boys would start fucking us,
and no one was to stop until they were totally exhausted. I figured
that after three finger fucks, Cathy and I would not last as long as
the boys, who had shown remarkable sexual patience. The slickness that
had been delivered to our tails all day long had not yet dissipated and
we were able to take the assfucking for a very long time. My tongue
and jar got tired before my cunt and ass did. The boys switched asses
after each orgasm, but after the third one, both cocks were just a
little too limp to continue. Cathy and I worked up enough energy to
spend licking each other a bit after the boys gave up, just to show
them we were just as good at fucking as the girls in the movie. When
we went to bed, I fell asleep on Dave's chest rather than cuddled up
like spoons, which is our normal position (my ass was a bit warm).
 
On Thursday, we were told that we could please each other as much as
we wanted to. Thursday would be our lesbian day. At breakfast, we gave
the boys a good sucking before we climbed onto the table. Cathy and I
kissed, trading cum from our lovers, while they sweetened our cunts
with the maple syrup. After we swallowed the boys cum, we laid down in
a familiar 69 position(me on top) and we licked at each other's hot
sweet cunt until we had both had a very pleasurable orgasm. We were
taken to the bathroom and Cathy and I washed up thoroughly while the
boys watched. We purposely spent a lot of time soaping up tits and
cunts and asses. Cathy asked the boys to hold my asscheeks open so she
could soap my asshole very completely. I had to do the same to her,
and I took it a step further and filled her ass from a prepared enema
bag. I plugged her ass and then had the boys hold her spread-eagle
against the wall while I applied another soapy coat to her tits and
cunt (giving her one more good orgasm). She enjoyed filling my ass
with the enema and then when I was held spread-eagle Cathy used a
dildo to make my cunt cum. The boys helped us trade two more enemas
before Cathy and I rinsed off and got ready for the beach. At
mid-morning, Cathy suggested we go into the water. In the water, Cathy
and I inserted the Ben-Wa balls into each other and we giggled all the
way back to the blankets. The boys kept us very hot by having Cathy
and I recall every lesbian activity we had done starting with the ski
trip.
 
We stayed late at the beach, because it was going to get cloudy that
afternoon and the boys said Cathy and I could go shopping instead of
returning to the beach. Lunch time was very simple, strip in the
backyard (the boy next door was watching today), a shower (we were
allowed to cream each other as much as we wanted) and then lunch.
After lunch, Cathy and I put the balls back into our cunts and went
shopping. At each store where we tried on clothes, we went into the
same changing booth and played with each other. At one place (a bikini
shop) the store clerk got upset with our giggling and asked us to
stop. Cathy grabbed her, pulling her into the booth with us and held
her while I removed the bitch's top. She had bigger, firmer tits than
I had played with in a long time and I just had to squeeze them. I
stripped off her bottoms and then held her for Cathy to play with a
bit. Cathy gave her enough of a fingering to get her moaning but not
enough to make her cum. We left her, stripped naked and halfway to
orgasm in the changing room. We dropped her bikini at the cash
register.
 
Dinner time included another porno movie. This one entirely about
lesbian sex. The boys kept our cunts busy with little silver bullet
shaped vibrators. They kept the remote controls and adjusted the
intensity at their pleasure. After the movie, the boys knew we had
very hot eager cunts and they let us eat each other for as long as we
wanted. Much later (Cathy and I really like eating each other's cunt),
the boys made ice cream sundaes and brought them to us. After desert,
Dave brought out my strap-on dildo and helped me get ready to fuck
Cathy the way Jim would. Cathy asked if Jim could join this fuck and I
suggested that she sit her ass on his cock and then I would complete
the sex sandwich by fucking her cunt. Cathy got very noisy during that
fuck, so I squeezed her nipples with each stroke to punish her. She
really got louder and came more intensely. We rested and watched
another movie, about twin sisters finding their mother's collection of
dildos and using them on each other. It was a short movie, only about
30 minutes but at the end I was hot and ready to get my sandwich fuck.
I sat into Dave's cock while Jim strapped the dildo into and onto
Cathy. She took a lot of pleasure in feeding me her sexy tits before
she plunged that fake cock into my willing cunt. I squeezed and sucked
on her tits while she pumped in and out of me until I had cum. She
rested a bit, gently rubbing her tits against my face before she
returned to her steady paced fucking until she reached her orgasm.
When we were ready for bed, Dave inserted my bullet vibrator into my
ass and Jim did the same to Cathy. Jim gave me her control and Dave
gave mine to Cathy, who promptly turned it up all the way. The boys
patted our asses and gave us good night kisses before sending us off
to one bedroom to spend the night in the glow of lesbian lust.
 
Friday was our last full day at the beach, but the morning was very
foggy. Very warm still fog covered everything. It was difficult to
even see the house across the street. The four of us had a very
leisurely breakfast, knowing that there was no hurry to get to the
beach and sun. After we had all eaten regular breakfast, Jim sat up on
the table and told Cathy and I that we could have some desert now.
Cathy took the maple syrup and pour it over his erect cock and tight
balls. We both dove for his cock and proceeded to lick and suck him
clean. We took turns sucking on his cockhead and licking his balls
until he was ready to cum. At that point Cathy sucked his cockhead
into her mouth and refused to surrender it. So I conceded and
continued licking Jim's balls until he shot his load into Cathy's
mouth. She sucked and sucked until his cock stopped its pulsating. I
knew that Cathy now had a mouthful of tasty cum. She stood up and
pulled me up to her. She clamped her mouth on mine and drove her
tongue between my lips. I opened my mouth in response to her
domineering approach and was rewarded with her tongue pushing Jim's
cum into my mouth. We pushed and sucked his cum back and forth until
we each had an equal share and then we swallowed it and broke out
giggling. Abrupt slaps to our asscheeks reminded us that Dave had not
yet had his morning sucking. With him in position I poured chocolate
syrup all over his cock and balls. Cathy and I licked and sucked (me
doing more sucking and Cathy doing more licking) until Dave shot his
load into my mouth. It came suddenly and I almost lost it, but only a
little dribbled out. I stood up and Cathy quickly licked the dribble
off my cheek and then I repeated her cum sharing giggles and all.
 
Our morning showering started with Cathy and I getting our cunts
shaved clean for the last time of our vacation. The boys made sure
that our cunts were hot, wet and loose with almost continuous
fingering during the shaving process. We were instructed to bend over
the edge of the tub and again we took a hot soapy enema into your
tails. This time the boys plugged up our asses with the hot enema
inside. The boys handed us the shaving brushes and razors and said
that we could shave them now. Grins broke on our faces at the thought
of having a hairless cock and balls to play with. Cathy and I set to
our work and soon, Dave and Jim had no pubic hair near their erect
cocks. The boys unplugged our tails and flushed us out with two more
loads of water before taking us into the living room. Cathy and I were
placed in the center of the room facing each other. We were instructed
to bend over until our heads were resting on the other's shoulder and
our tits were dangling down (at least Cathy's were). The boys spread
our legs and applied a coat of lubricant to the full length of our
slits (from asshole to clit and back). They slowly pushed the silver
bullet vibrators into our hot, clean assholes and turned them on high.
Then Dave nuzzled his smooth hairless cock against my smooth hairless
cunt and pumped up and down my crack. I could see Jim behind Cathy
doing the same to her slick crotch. Dave slowly pointed his cockhead
at my cunt and worked just the head into my hot hole. When Jim got
into position, we were asked what we wanted and both Cathy and I
responded by begging for a good fucking. We wanted to get it, they
wanted to give it and so they plunged deep into our slick cunts and
pounded and pounded until Cathy and I came. The boys switched cunts
and with just their cockheads in our pleasure tunnels, we were again
asked what we wanted. This time we begged for them to fuck us until
they came inside of us. They plunged in and pounded away, giving Cathy
and I each, a great second orgasm and a load of cum in our cunts.
 
Later that morning, we decided to walk down to the beach. There was
still a pea-soup thick fog. Cathy and I wore the white halter dresses.
They are made from the sweatsuit type of cloth only thinner and
clingier. Of course, neither Cathy nor I wore bra or panties, just the
dress. While we were walking along the deserted beach, Cathy suggested
that she and I go into the water and have some fun with each other. We
waded into the strangely calm water and found it warmer than earlier
in week. We also found out that it was low tide and we could walk out
about 50 feet and be standing on a sand bar with the water up to my
titties. We could just barely see the lifeguard chair on the beach and
decided to stop there. Since there was very little chance of being
seen by anyone, I reached behind Cathy's neck and unbuttoned her
halter and brought it down to expose her gorgeous tits. Her nipples
were very hard and erect and a tweak sent a shiver of pleasure thru
her. She responded by exposing my tits and tweaking them and then
asking me to suck on her nips. I haven't been able to resist a pair of
titties like hers since college. I lifted up her full fleshy tits and
sucked at one nipple and then the other. Cathy kept busy by lifting up
the hem of my dress and stroking my cunt. I left her nips and kissed
her on the mouth. Our tongue immediately found each other and fought
for dominance. Our hands drove into each other's cunts, probing slits,
rubbing clits, and poking cuntholes. Soon we were each standing on one
leg, with the other wrapped around, and a hand pumping in and out of
the other's now open cunt. I had closed my eyes rather early in our
session but now I had to open them as another set of hands took hold
of my waist and a cock pressed against my asshole. I saw Dave behind
Cathy and I knew Jim was behind me and he slowly pushed into my
rectum. I felt Dave's cock push into Cathy's tail and I enhanced his
pleasure by inserting three fingers into her cunt and pumping
furiously. My desire to make them cum was matched only by Cathy and
Jim trying to make me cum. Cathy with three fingers of her own and Jim
with his cock sliding in and out of my willing tail. I can't tell
which of us had the best orgasm, but Cathy and I surrendered to our
pleasure and collapsed into each other's arms. The boys had to hold us
up until we recovered. Unfortunately the boys could not keep their
cocks erect after a good assfuck out in the Atlantic Ocean (if they
had been able to, Cathy and I would have switched partners and taken
another assfucking). We buttoned our halters and went back to the
beach. We walked some more, with our wet dresses sticking to us and
showing off every curve and crevice, and our asses leaking cum.
 
At lunch time we were on the main street near the neighborhood burger
place. We took some money from the boys and sent them on to the house
while Cathy and I bought lunch. Inside there were only two customers,
a guy and a girl from the beach badge patrol. She was a very-well
endowed blonde who looked like her bikini was painted on. Cathy and I
could have had a lot of fun turning her into a lesbian, but today it
was her partner that occupied our lusty thoughts. We had not seen him
at all that week. He was built like the guys in the body-building
machine commercials. We drooled the moment we saw him. After we put in
our order, Cathy and I went to the restroom. It was down a small
corridor that was right in line with Mr. Hunk. He could see us at the
end of the corridor but no one else could. Cathy was so hot for this
guy that she let me get behind her, unbutton her dress and lower the
front to show him her tits. She cupped them in her hands, sort of
offering them to him. He smiled and tried to keep up his conversation
with the blonde. When I saw that he wasn't too flustered, I reached
around Cathy and slowly pulled up the hem until her hairless cunt was
exposed for his view. She spread her legs and I stroked her slit and
eventually poked my finger up her hole. After a little pumping I
pulled it out and brought it to my mouth and licked it clean. That
interrupted his conversation a bit but not too much. I instructed Cathy
to turn her back to him and bend over. I pulled up her dress so that
when she was all the way over, everything was exposed, tits, cunt and
asshole. I probed her cunt to show how wet she was and then when my
finger was covered with her juice, I moved up to her asshole and
slowly pushed into her willing rectum. That caused him to swallow his
soda the wrong way and the blonde got her bikini soaked with the rest
of his drink. Cathy quickly straightened out her dress and we picked
up lunch and were out of the place while Mr. Hunk, was trying to clean
off Ms. Bimbo and hide a raging hard-on at the same time. Cathy and I
giggled about it all the way home. (When Dave and Jim read this, it
will be the first time they know what we were giggling about for the
rest of the afternoon.)
 
The boys had the VCR set up and loaded with a porno movie when we got
back to the house. We ate lunch watching sex on the TV and then spent
all afternoon drinking wine, watching sex, critiquing the positions
and quality of the sex shows, and stroking and sucking the boys thru
several orgasms. After watching a movie about two roommates swapping
sex stories that ended with the two girls 69ing on the edge of the hot
tub, Cathy and I cuddled up on the rug and ate each other while the
boys compared our technique with the movie's. We, of course, were
better. At dinner time we went outside (it had cleared very nicely)
and the boys started a barbecue while Cathy and I showered in the
outside shower. We were told not to make ourselves cum. In a bit, Jim
came in and had us wash him and then suck him until he was erect. Then
he left and Dave came in to get washed and sucked. But he too left
when we got him erect. We were instructed to wash each others cunt and
ass one more time and then come out for dinner. When we came out, the
boys had put their swimsuits on and the steaks were almost ready. Dave
instructed us to bend over the railing of the deck and spread our
legs. This would give the boy next door a great view of our asses. The
boys began spanking us, gently but firmly warming our butts and
juicing our cunts. When our tails were bright pink and tender and our
cunts wet and horny, we were sent inside to finish preparing dinner.
After dinner, we began preparing to leave, packing up clothes, beach
stuff, etc. We drank a lot of wine and were feeling no pain. Then the
boys said we needed one more enema before that stuff got packed away.
We were taken into the bathroom and put into position and received one
more hot soapy enema. They inserted butt plugs into us and had us wait
until they had packed up the VCR and television. When they came back,
they pulled out our plugs and let us empty out. Then Jim sat on the
toilet and had Cathy lay across his lap. Dave handed him a syringe
(not a drug-type needle, but more like a turkey baster, except a bit
thinner tip) that he had filled with mineral oil (a very good anal
lubricant). Jim inserted the tip into Cathy's lovely rectum and
squeezed the oil into her. He gave her two loads of oil and then used
his finger to probe her hole and stretch her sphincter muscle. When he
finished he had a finger from each hand, stretching her asshole open.
Then he let her empty out the oil and suck on his rigid cock at the
same time. He did not let her suck him off yet, then I was put thru
the same lube job. Dave is very gentle with my ass, and even
stretching me wide open, he was gentle and loving and I almost came
from his probing, and I tried hard to make him cum in my mouth while
the oil oozed out of my ass. I didn't get him off and Cathy and I
cleaned up and followed the boys back into the living room. The boys
got some blankets, a bottle of wine and tossed us our halter dresses.
We put them on and we all went down to the beach at 10:00 PM at night.
We found a quiet spot at the base of a large set of dunes that masked
an expensive cluster of empty houses from the sight and sound of the
surf. It was still a calm softly rolling sea and there seemed to be no
one else on the beach. We laid out the blankets and cuddle up between
them. Cathy and I in the middle, Dave cuddle up against my ass and Jim
against Cathy's tail. We drank some more wine and fondle what ever sex
organ we could reach. Cathy and I were quickly relieved of our dresses
and the boys just as quickly had very hard cocks. As we got more
involved with our sexplay, we got less concerned with being seen.
Eventually, Cathy and I were put on our hands and knees next to each
other with my head at Cathy's ass and Cathy getting a good view of
mine. The boys positioned their cocks at our assholes and slowly
pushed in. We offered no resistance. My ass was slick and smooth and
more willing to take Dave's cock than ever. The boys began a slow
steady deep fucking motion. This was going to be a very long sexy fuck
and they wanted to enjoy every inch of it. After two dozen strokes or
so, the boys pulled out and switch partners, and Jim inserted his cock
and resumed the slow steady screwing. The boys swapped again after
more strokes and then swapped again and again. Cathy and I eventually
lowered ourselves to the blankets, our asses still high in the air,
but our tits on the blankets and our hands in our cunts. I
finger-fucked my hot wet hole and rubbed my clittie to two orgasms. I
didn't know who was fucking my tail at what time and I really didn't
care. Both boys were giving us a great assfuck and getting as much
pleasure from our tails as they were giving. Near the end, the boys
turned us on our sides, and nuzzled us up against each others creamy
cunts. The boys emptied their cocks into our oily assholes while Cathy
and I licked clitties and lapped cum from slick cunt holes. We fell
asleep cuddled up in the enlarged 69 position. We were only awaked by
two drunks yelling at the police a few hours later. We quickly got
dressed and were encouraged to hurry home by the officers. We got home
and kissed and fondled each other good-night before slipping into our
respective beds.
 
I woke up Saturday morning with Dave slipping into my still slick ass.
He had turned me face down on the bed, spread my legs and had inserted
the silver bullet vibrator into my cunt. His cock sliding thru my
backdoor finally roused me and then growing vibrations in my cunt
increased my attention. Dave wasn't embedded in my ass as deeply as
when my hips are raised up, but he was enjoying it and so was I. After
two wakening orgasms in my cunt, Dave's cock shot what he could into
my tail. Dave and I got up and went out to the bathroom. Cathy and Jim
were already awake and beginning on breakfast. Dave and I took a
shower, our first shower together all week. It was a warm loving
shower, I washed him, he washed me, and we made sure we were clean and
well-loved before we went to get some breakfast. We ate breakfast
while Cathy and Jim took their shower. When we were all fed and
washed, we finished cleaning up the house and packing to leave. We all
stayed completely naked until everything was packed and ready to put
into the cars. The boys put on their swimsuits to load up the cars,
and Cathy and I retired to a bedroom for one last cuntlicking session.
We licked and sucked and fingered until we had both cum and then the
boys had to separate us while we were trying to lick the cum out of
each other. We knelt down in front of our respective boyfriends,
pulled down their suits and sucked and licked their cocks to a full
erection and then we had them switch places and I sucked Jim's last
load of cum into my mouth. When I was finished I turned to Cathy (who
had Dave's last load in her mouth) and we kissed, sharing one last sex          
act, sharing the boy's cum. We swallowed the combined cum and finally
got dressed, kissed everyone good-bye (fondled what I could as well)
and left with smiles on our faces and tender well-worked sex organs.

--
