My Earliest Sexual Experience
 
 
 
The earliest sexual experience I recall as a child was when I was 
around the age of eight and a half, and living with my father.
 
I laid asleep one night, and my step-brother who was six years 
older than me, came into my room and softly sat on the bed and 
removed the covers which I was warmly cuddled up in. The only 
source of light in the room was a dim porch light through the 
window.
 
He tenderly began caressing my upper body through my pajamas, 
and then beneath them, softly touching my light smooth brown 
skin on my lean body, bringing a sensation to my entire body as 
goose bumps do to some. Though I was awake at this point, I 
pretended that I was asleep. I can't say I was scared, for I was 
merely confused and interestedly involved in the experience itself 
as I turned from my side to my back.
 
My body shuddered as he softly ran his smooth warm hands down 
my chest and stomach to my underwear and gently pulled them 
down to my knees, espousing my small un-erect penis which he 
began to gently fondle. Sliding his hands to my bare little butt 
cheeks, he softly cupped them. I felt the moist warmth of his lips 
and mouth as they wrapped around my penis and slowly engulfed 
my balls. The feeling itself brought such a newly pleasing 
sensation that I wanted to place my hands on my face and gleefully 
smile, but I did not and gratefully kept the feeling to myself 
without trying to show any emotional expression. However, this 
failed when my penis quickly became erect and now stood about 
three inches high and two inches around.
 
With his tongue he swirled my small erect penis in his mouth, 
stretch stroking it and rimming the head of it with his lips. Little 
beads of sweat ran down my tender young face. I could feel the 
warmth of his breath exhaling from his nostrils onto my bare pubic 
area as he sucked on my hard slender penis which brought 
pleasure to my whole being.
 
What seemed like an enjoyable entirety temporarily ended when he 
slipped his tightened sucking warm lips up the slender shaft of my 
penis and kissed the head of it. He then slid his right cupped hand 
out from beneath my right butt cheek and began fondling my penis 
as he kissed and licked my stomach entirely.
 
Working his tongue and lips upward, he reached my hard nipples 
which he tenderly nibbled on as he slowly slipped his remaining 
hand from my left butt cheek and softly ran it along the side of my 
body until he met my left hand which he gently gripped.
 
Upward his tongue and warm moist lips went, spending time on 
my neck and then he pressed his lips against mine. MY penis 
remained erect as he fondled it with his smooth warm youthful 
hand. His body lightly lied on mine and I could feel the bareness 
of his smooth skin touching mine, as he continued to kiss my lips 
and neck. His lips departed mine and then he slid his tongue down 
from my neck to my awaiting small erect penis which he began to 
rim suck. Once again I could feel my little butt cheeks being 
cupped in his hands, squeezing them as he slid his tight lips up 
and down the shaft of my penis. With the tip of his tongue he 
flickered the head of my small penis, and then swallowed it whole. 
The feeling it brought made me feel like I was a candle slowly 
melting, or like cotton candy flesh dissolving in someone's mouth. 
A Stretch stroking my slender erect penis with his sucking warm 
moist tight lips, he slowed the pace down and gave the head of my 
small erect penis a few more rim treatments and lifted his head 
from my bare heated crotch, as he gently removed his squeezing 
tender cupped hands from underneath my smooth small butt 
cheeks. He then stood up and leaned over and kissed my lips and 
then quietly left the room.
 
Wrapped up in the pleasure and blissful feelings of this new 
experience I laid motionless for sometime on my bed, still exposed 
with the covers pulled back and my underwear at my knees, 
staring at my slender small erect penis with an unfamiliar, but yet 
memorable smile on my face. Leaving myself exposed, I turned 
over on my side.
 
-END-
