Archive-name: 3plus/easy1.txt
Archive-author: Renee
Archive-title: Easy - 1


Easy, someday, Susie and I will go shopping for lingerie, and then
model it for you.  We will go to Victoria's Secrets, I know you would
probably prefer something from Frederick's or Linda's Lovelace, but
the items from Victoria's are the difference between blatantly sexy
and sensual.  Well, after we go shopping, we drop by your place, just
as you are getting home from work.  We tell you to go sit down, and
we excuse ourselves to go get undressed and re-dressed.  Susie got
herself a pair of real silk black hose, black tap pants, black garter
belt, and black lace see through bra.  I got a pair of white silk
stockings, white garter belt, a lacy white bustier, with half cup
bra, and a little g-string that is so small, the little triangle of
nylon just covers my pussy lips.  When we come out, you are sitting
down, still in your Christian Dior suit.  Susie and I parade around
the room, we each have on tall heels to match our outfits.  My
stockings are extra long, so the tops end just under the curve of my
ass.  We pose for you, Susie pulls up her tap pants so that the seam
disappears into her pussy.  After a bit, we start helping each other
remove some of our pretty things.  You are getting a bit steamed up,
but we won't let you get up, but you do remove your jacket.  I take
of Susie's bra, and her beautiful breast fall free, shakes them a
little, the look so delicious.  I take off my g-string, and give you
a full frontal look at my shaved pussy, that is starting to glisten
with my juices.  I go over and put on your jacket, so now as I walk
around, you only get a peek of my pussy.  Susie and I then start
kissing each other, she takes off the jacket, and undoes my garter
snaps.  I pull off her tap pants, and then she undoes the hooks on
the back of my bustier.  Soon we are standing there kissing with only
our heels and stockings on.  By now you have unzipped your pants and
have pulled your penis and started stroking it.
Susie, lays down on the floor and opens her legs to receive my eager
tongue and fingers.  I kneel down, and put my mouth on that neatly
trimmed bush of hers.  As I lick and suck, you have a wonderful view
of my bottom sticking up in the air.  I am totaly exposed you can see
my pink little anus, my pussy lips that have started to swell with
excitement, and my little gold ring.  You undress while I bring Susie
to her first orgasm, we exchange places, and she begins to suck on my
pussy.  You come up, and slide you hard penis into Susie from the
rear.  As you pump harder and harder into her, she licks me faster
and faster.  I orgasm fist, the sensations starts deep in my vagina,
and goes up my body, my nipples get hard, and my face and chest flush
with the wonderful feeling.  Susie is next, she grabs my hips and
squeezes as her orgasm overwhelms her.  Finally you can't hold back
your orgasm any longer, and you push deep into Susie as you release
your load.  We collapse on the floor, with Susie between us....

--
