Easy
by deirdre

Connie and I were fooling around a little after we got in bed one 
night like we often do when she surprised me.  She asked me to put 
my cock in her ass.  We'd never done such a thing through six years of 
marriage.  I can't say it hadn't crossed my mind, but I certainly never 
thought Connie was thinking along those lines!  I thought she might 
be joking, but when I suggested that, she insisted she wanted my 
cock in her ass.  And she had K.Y. jelly there, ready!

Well, I hadn't done it before and Connie certainly hadn't since I had 
been her first.  But I certainly knew enough to know we would have 
to take this slowly.  I lubricated a finger and put some on her hole 
and started to push my finger into it.

But she would have none of that.  She said she wanted my cock.  I 
told her we would have to take it slowly, but she wouldn't take no 
for an answer.  Finally I lubricated my cock and got it hard.  We were 
laying next to each other with her back towards me.  I put my cock 
up to her ass and asked her if she were ready.  "Yes" she said, 
seeming more annoyed than anything.  "Push it in!"

I started pushing, as gently as I could.  "All the way, right now!"  She 
was so insistent.  So finally, I pushed.  And slid right in, easy as you 
please!  I couldn't believe it.  I couldn't figure out how she did that.  I 
admit I had some fleeting thoughts that she might be cheating on me, 
but I know my Connie.

"Fuck it.  Please, move it in and out."  I obeyed.  It was so easy.  What 
a feeling!  I couldn't believe this was happening.  "Faster!  Oh, that's 
so great!  Please!"  She kept talking, asking for more and more.  I was 
going faster, and soon I was out of control!  I was reaching around, 
massaging her nipples.  She had her hands on top of mine.  She pushed 
her ass back onto my cock with each stroke.  It was like she couldn't 
get enough!  Needless to say, I came rather soon.  As soon as I was 
done, I remembered to finger her clit and she came too.

So I was left there, curiosity burning me up.  "How did you do that?"  
I finally asked.  Then she surprised me again.  She told me her 
college roommate, Jeannie was bisexual and had taught her to do 
that!  She said though I had been her first man, that she and Jeannie 
had done some things when they were rooming together.  She said 
there hadn't been anyone but me and Jeannie.

She told me that she and Jeannie used to kiss each other and finger 
each other's breasts and caress and finger each other's slits.  She 
said Jeannie had also gotten a dildo somewhere and had convinced 
Connie that they should each learn to take it in the ass.  She said 
that once they had mastered it, Jeannie insisted they use it every 
session and they got to where they would use it two or three times a 
week.

Amazed as I was at this revelation, I was still with-it enough to 
conclude that Connie's decision to do this with me had something to 
do with the fact that Jeannie was coming to visit us.  I brought that 
up with Connie, and sure enough, she told me she wanted me to do 
Jeannie's ass!

Believe me, this is not like Connie!  She told me that she was just 
itching to see Jeannie with a man's cock in her ass.  I couldn't 
believe how excited she seemed by the prospect!  She said Jeannie 
might actually be lesbian, that she went out with guys a couple of 
times in college, but didn't really seem that interested.  But Connie 
said when Jeannie got hot, she would likely be open to "suggestion".

To say I was surprised by all this would be an understatement.  
Connie asking for it in her ass!  Connie asking me to have sex with 
her college roommate!  Well, I wasn't complaining.

Jeannie showed up, and I must say Connie's plan was even more 
appealing.  Jeannie was a fox--about 5 foot 5, very slim, with small 
breasts, a cute ass, and long brown hair.  Connie and I had a plan for 
the first evening.  We told Jeannie that I had to go out for the 
evening.  Actually, I parked the car down the street, walked back to 
the house, and snuck back in the back way.  Connie distracted Jeannie 
while I got back into our bedroom where I hid in the closet.

Then Connie and Jeannie came up to the bedroom.  Connie had made 
sure they had had quite a bit of wine, then she told Jeannie she 
wanted them to get together "for old time's sake".  In the bedroom, 
Connie showed Jeannie a dildo we had just gotten.  Then Jeannie took 
control.  She started by kissing Connie.  They must have kissed for 
10 minutes.  I could tell their mouthes were open and I could see 
them getting hotter and hotter.  I was too.  Then Jeannie started 
slipping Connie's clothes off between kisses and sometimes while 
they were still kissing.  Connie was nude in just a few minutes.  She 
looked my way and smiled a couple of times, but she was largely 
distracted by Jeannie's kissing.  Then Jeannie kissed her mouth and 
carassed her cunt at the same time.  Connie's breathing was getting 
deeper.  Jeannie took the dildo, put K.Y. on it, and put the tip on 
Connie's rear hole.  Then she kissed her again, pushing the fake cock 
right in.  Connie almost went crazy.  From that point, she was 
bucking and moaning...or rather trying to moan, though Jeannie's 
tongue in her mouth made that difficult.  Finally, her body was 
heaving and trembling uncontrollably and I could tell she was 
coming.  I felt a little pang of jeallousy because she didn't always 
come like that with me.  But she did the night I put my cock in her 
ass!

Soon Connie was laying on the bed, exhausted.  But in a minute, she 
sat up and told Jeannie to get undressed.  She had a wicked little 
smile on her face.  Jeannie was quite willing and soon they were 
both nude on the bed.  Connie didn't waste time, and had the dildo in 
Jeannie's ass in seconds.  She sucked on one of Jeannie's little tits 
at the same time.  Jeannie was immediately breathing hard and 
turning her head from side to side.  Connie got her turned over on her 
stomach, then worked harder on her ass, and motioned me to come 
out.  I was plenty hard from the view.  She got me ready while still 
working the dildo in and out, then she pulled the dildo all the way 
out, and pushed me into place.  She guided my cock in, and was 
immediately off, grabbing a camcorder.  Soon I was banging in and 
out, and Connie was getting it all on tape!  Jeannie continued to 
breath hard and was moaning in seconds.  She came in a minute and I 
came inside her at the same time.  Once we had come, Connie stopped 
taping, and motioned me away.  Jeannie was laying there exhausted 
and it wasn't clear whether she realized what was going on or not.

Well, I snuck out of the room, but I had no clothes.  I ended up hiding 
for  hours while they got up and talked and couldn't manage to get 
back to my clothes until Jeannie turned in for the night in the guest 
room.  It was actually pretty boring hiding all that time, but the 
results were something to see.

The next day after Jeannie left, Connie and I got out the tape and 
watched it.  Within a minute, Connie wanted my cock in her ass 
while she watched.  Was that tape hot!   I never heard Connie get so 
loud when she came.

Connie wanted to watch that tape the next night, and the next.  Each 
time, she wanted my cock in her ass.  She still likes to watch the 
tape more than once a week.  After a couple of weeks, she sent a 
copy to Jeannie.  I gather Jeannie was shocked.  Connie included a 
letter telling Jeannie how much she enjoyed watching Jeannie's ass 
get it.  I've never known Connie to be so smug about something.

