Archive-name: 3plus/easy4.txt
Archive-author: Renee
Archive-title: Easy - 4


I begin by having you lay back down, I had gotten so turned on by
watching Renee enjoy what had just happened to her, that I decide
that I want the same.  Renee and I begin to play with your soft
penis, she leans down and takes it into her mouth, although you have
had three orgasms already, your penis begins to respond to her
efforts.  When you are hard I position myself just as she had, with
my back to you, I take your penis in my hand and touch the head to my
pussy lips.  I am very wet, and I slide it up and down my slit.  It
feels so big, I have become so used to a finger or two being inserted
into me, that I am a little frightened.  I slowly lower my body,
taking you hard penis inside me, I feel it move against the walls of
my vagina, it fills me, it has been so long since I have felt a man
inside me.  Finally I have your whole length inside me, and I begin
to move up and down.  I lean back on my hands and Renee begins to
lick my clitoris.  It feels so wonderful, as she circles, and sucks,
and licks, I can feel my ring rubbing against your penis, I am having
sensations that I can not remember feeling.  I keep a slow steady
motion up and down, Renee speeds up her tongue on my clitoris and I
begin to orgasm.  I can feel the walls of my vagina tightening down
unto your penis, the sensations rise across my stomach, I have to cry
out.  It is wonderful....  Renee continues to lick me, giving me
little electric sensations, I can feel my vagina tighten each time,
and I feel you penis inside me.  I continue to move a few more times,
and I feel you place your hands on my hips, and lift me off you just
as you start to come, as your cum starts to flow, Renee stops licking
me, and takes your penis back into her mouth, and sucks you as you
have another orgasm.  We all collapse on the bed, what a wonderful
day.  I crawl over, and kiss your cheek and say "Easy, thanks for not
coming inside me, that was really considerate."  You smile, and say
"No problem Renee".  We fall off into little naps, and some time
passes.  We all seem to get active again at about the same time.  We
start getting dressed.  I have been thinking, and say "Easy, Renee,
this has all been very wonderful, I have really enjoyed being a part
of the surprise, and being surprised.  But I think it was one of
those things that happened, and I can't say that it will ever happen
again.  Having a man inside me felt good, it felt really good, but
lets leave it as a special happening."  We hugged and kissed each
other, and decided to go out and get something to eat.  All that
wonderful sex had me us all very hungry.

--
