Archive-name: 3plus/easy3.txt
Archive-author: Renee
Archive-title: Easy - 3


As you lay tied spread-eagled on the bed, Renee and I teased you by
walking around, hugging, kissing, and showing you our shaved pussys. 
While Renee got up on the bed, and took your semi-erect penis into
her hand, I looked in her closet and found a fur mitten on the shelf. 
By the time I got back to the bed, Renee had gotten your penis hard,
and was slowly running her tongue around the head, circling and
circling the rim, occasionally running her tongue across the tip, and
tickling your little hole.  I put on the mitten, and started rubbing
your chest with the soft fur.  You wanted to move your hands, but
they were tied securely above your head.  As I circled your nipples,
teasing them so that they grew erect and hard, Renee was taking the
head of your penis into her mouth, and closing her lips just under
the head.  Slowly she would move down, and then back up, then down a
little further, and then back up.  You were starting to moan a little
with the pleasure you body was getting.  I stopped rubbing you with
the mitten, got up, and started rubbing Renee's back, and then moving
around, I started massaging her breasts.  By now she was taking your
full length as she moved up and down, her saliva was starting to run
down your shaft, and unto your balls.  She would stop every once in a
while, after taking you really deep into her mouth, and take your
penis into her hand and pump you up and down rapidly.  Renee's
breasts and nipples were responding to my rubbing, so I moved the
mitten down her body, so that I was rubbing between her legs, and
across her pussy.  I could see by the moisture that was now on the
mitten, that she was getting wet.  She was still taking you deep, but
had slowed down, letting me know that she was interested in something
from me.  I moved around behind her, took her cheeks in my hands and
spread them.  Her pussy looked so nice, her inner lips were still
exposed and stretched from the wonderful lovemaking you two had
enjoyed.  I started licking her slit, and could taste the saltiness
of your semen.  Renee wiggled here bottom to let me know that she was
enjoying what I was doing.  All of a sudden, I could tell that you
were coming, you were saying "Yes!, Yes!" to let Renee know that the
rhythm that she was moving her head was going to drive you to orgasm. 
I started licking her more vigorously and could tell from her moans
that she too was getting close.   Then I heard an "Aghhhhh!", I
stopped licking Renee, and watched her take your load into her mouth,
as she swollowed as much as she could, the rest ran out the corners
of her mouth, and down unto your balls.  Since I had gotten her so
close, as soon as you had finished coming, Renee sat up, and
positioned herself over your still hard penis, took it in her hand,
rubbed the head up and down her slit, and then took all of you in one
quick move.  She needed to move up and down only a few times before
she had her second orgasm.  Feeling a little left out, I decided that
since we were sharing our lovemaking, I went up and sat across your
chest putting my pussy in reach of your tongue.  As you licked up and
down my pussy lips, occasionally catching my ring with your tongue, I
felt my orgasm building.  Renee had put on the mitten, and while she
was still sitting astride you with your penis still inside her, she
reached up and started rubbing my breasts and nipples as I had done
for her.  I moved my hips back and forth, helping you position your
tongue where it felt the best.  My juices were starting to cover your
cheeks, Renee dropped the mitten, cupped my breast in her hands, and
pinched my nipples,  that combined with your tongue concentrating on
my clitoris, made me orgasm,  my legs got weak, but I held myself off
your face, as you continued to attack my clitoris with your tongue. 
I wanted to impale myself on that tongue, it felt so good.  It was so
wonderful, it took a few moments for me to regain my breath.  I moved
off of you, kissed you, tasting my juices on your cheeks.  Renee came
up and kissed you too, and then we kissed, again I could taste the
saltiness of your cum in her mouth.  It was the first taste of cum I
had had in a long time, it had been equally as long a time since I
had felt a man's tongue in my pussy.  Renee and I got off the bed
after a while, looked at you smiling and satisfied, but still tied
up, and wondered if we should untie you..............

--
