
I had to go into the hospital recently for some minor surgery on my right knee
(a motorcycle accident a few years ago). I arrived after dinner and received
instructions from my doctor to try to stay up late, because they were going to
sedate me rather heavily the next morning for the surgery and the less sleep I
had gotten the less drugging they would have to do. I stayed up late watching
TV. I was in a semi-private room that was private now because the other lady
was having her surgery that night. It was rather boring. I found some
entertainment by fingering myself during the 11 o'clock news. After that I
read a book for a while. Just after midnight, the graveyard shift came on duty
and Joann walked into my room. Joann was the nurse on duty at my end of the
floor. She came over and began the usual tempature, pulse and blood pressure
routine. When she went to record them, she read on my chart that my doctor
(probably on my husband's request) had ordered rectal tempature readings be
recorded every 4 hours. Since I had arrived after 8 PM, this was my first
recording. Joann said she would have to get another thermometer. The idea of
this stranger sliding something (anything) into my ass began to get my cunt
very wet again.

Underneath the covers, I had pulled up my hospital gown to play with myself
earlier. I did not pull it down while Joann went to get the other thermometer.
When she came back, she pulled the covers down and saw my hairless cunt. She
smiled and said she had shaved a few pussies in the hospital but had never had
one come in shaved. She had me roll on my side. She pulled at my top asscheek
and slipped a greased thermometer into my asshole. I wiggled a bit as she
slipped it in. I asked her if she had ever had her cunt shaved. She laughed
and told me that back in nursing school, they all received a shaving from
other nurses as part of their training and they got a chance to shave others
(girls and guys). Joann asked me when did I get my pussy shaved. I told her
that my sorority sisters shaved me for my initiation and had kept me smooth
for three and a half years. Joann laughed, she said she only stayed shaved for
that one semester. She laughed alot about sexy things. She pulled the
thermometer out of my tail and recorded my tempature. She asked me why did I
still shave. I told her that my husband and girlfriend like licking a hairless
cunt. She smiled very broadly at the girlfriend part and said she would check
in on me later.

About an hour later, I had my eyes closed, my left hand pinching my right
nipple and my right hand rubbing my clittie to orgasm. All of a sudden, the
blanket flew off and I startled, looked up and saw Joann smiling at my
exhibition. I began to close my legs, and she told me to finish. She had
waited a few minutes longer than she wanted to, but she wanted to catch me in
the midst of fingering myself. And she wanted to see me finish. I spread my
legs again and resumed my finger action. Joann watched my cunt for a little
bit and then walked around the bed, never taking her eyes off my crotch. When
she got to my right side, she pulled my gown up high enough to expose my tiny
titties. She moved my left hand down to my cunt. I used my left hand to rub my
clittie while I pumped my right middle finger deep into my slick cunthole.
Joann stepped back and watched as I worked myself up to a frenzy of finger
action and came with a sweaty thrashing orgasm. As I lay back to recover,
Joann came close, reached behind me, untied my gown and pulled it from me. She
left me laying there, stark naked. Joann came back with a pan of warm water
and began to give me a soft comfortable sponge bath. She washed my face and
then my neck and then my shoulders. She asked me if I wanted anything. I told
her I wanted to hear about her first shave and about why she wanted to see me
fingering myself. Joann rinsed the cloth and began to wash my titties. She
took a deep breath and told me about her and Karen.

Back in nursing school, all of the students needed to learn how to shave a
patient. Male students at the school served as practice for facial shaves and
a few were used to practice shaving other parts. But for shaving female
genitalia, only fellow students were used. They all had to submit to be shaved
by the instructor or a fellow student. Joann and a girl named Karen were
scheduled together about halfway thru the semester. That morning, the head
nurse had Joann and Karen change into exam gowns. Joann came out of the
bathroom first and was directed to get up on the exam table. The head nurse
(from now on just HeadNurse) positioned Joann's legs into the stirrups and
moved her gown up to expose her brown fur. When Karen came out, dressed in
just the exam gown, HeadNurse picked out two of the girls to shave Joann. They
took turns washing and lathering Joann. They were each instructed to shave
half of Joann's pubic region. Joann just shut her eyes, while four female
hands manipulated her crotch and removed all her pubic hair. When they were
finished, Joann was as smooth and clean as a little girl. She got down and
HeadNurse had her help get Karen into position. When HeadNurse pulled up
Karen's gown, she exposed the hairiest red cunt and ass that any of them had
ever seen. (Karen was a short slightly pudgy redhead) HeadNurse examined her a
bit and then announced to the class that she would do the shaving to
demonstrate how to shave such a hairy bush and how to shave a girl's ass.
Joann said Karen looked a bit terrified but did not protest. HeadNurse got out
a pair of electric clippers (no one else had had so much pubic hair to require
clippers) and proceeded to clip Karen's bush. Then HeadNurse washed and
lathered Karen's stubble before removing it with the razor. When Karen had no
more hair covering her cunt, HeadNurse helped her get down and she moved the
stirrups and had Karen step up and bend over the exam table. HeadNurse began
lecturing about how to shave a person's buttocks. She demonstrated how to pull
a cheek open to get at all the hair. She washed and lathered Karen's pudgy
asscrack. Then she told Joann and another girl to hold Karen's cheeks open so
that everyone could see. When HeadNurse was finished cleaning Karen's tail,
Joann saw Karen blushing all the way to the bathroom. That weekend, Joann had
gone to a party and decided to take a shower before going to sleep. When she
entered the dorm's communal bathroom, she heard some moaning coming from the
shower stalls. She went in quietly and searched for the source of the moaning.
She pulled aside the curtain of the suspect stall and saw Karen leaning
against the back wall, legs spread wide with one hand pumping at her hairless
cunt. Joann was very apologetic and quickly closed the curtain. Joann went to
the furthest stall to take her own shower. She was wet and soapy when her
curtain was opened and Karen stepped in. She took the soap and began washing
Joann's back. Joann did not know what to do, so she just let Karen do what she
wanted to. Karen turned Joann around under the shower to rinse off the soap.
She pushed Joann against the wall and slowly dropped to her knees. Gentle
kisses on her hairless mound encouraged Joann to spread her legs and allow
Karen more access. Karen slowly probed Joann's slit with her tongue. She
probed in and out rubbing against Joann's clit. Joann's passion was usually
well under control. She very rarely needed to masturbate to relieve her sexual
needs. But now, even a girl's tongue (a girl that she barely knew) was getting
to her. Her passions were building and she realized she could enjoy this.
Joann spread her legs wide and bent her knees a bit to expose her cunt even
more. Karen took this as an invitation and proceeded to explore Joann's cunt,
licking at her lips and finding her now juicy cunthole. When Joann was about
to cum, she could not refrain from helping. She took Karen's head in her hands
and held her tight against her cunt. Karen recipricated by poking her tongue
deep into Joann's hole. And Joann came all over her tongue and mouth. Karen
kept up her tongue action until Joann's orgasm subsided and then she stood up.
She reached forward and squeezed Joann's tits. She said that the next time,
Joann would do the licking. She smiled and left. Joann told me that she
fingered herself a dozen times that weekend thinking about catching Karen with
her finger up her cunt and the cuntlicking she gave. She has fantasized about
catching girls masturbating ever since. I asked her if she ever returned the
favor. Joann gave my ass a little slap and told me that would have to wait
until the next night.

The next morning Dave woke me up and we took a shower together before my
surgery. Dave said that we would not be able to fuck for a few weeks and he
wanted to get in one last shot. We were in the shower and I was sucking on his
gorgeous cock, when Joann opened the door. She looked over Dave and said I had
good taste in studs. She told me to continue sucking but not to make him cum
yet. She left and came back a moment later with an enema bag in her hand and
without her uniform on. She told us that I was due for an enema before the
surgery and she decided to stay late to give it to me. She turned off the
shower and had me bend over so that I could suck on Dave while she filled my
ass with the enema. I am very used to receiving enemas and dildos and cocks up
my ass, so it was very easy for Joann to insert the nozzle into my tail. She
opened the clip, the warm soapy water flowed into my ass and I sucked very
hard on Dave's cock. I held onto Dave's tight asscheeks and bobbed my head up
and down on his hard cock. Joann had not filled the enema bag as much as
possible so it wasn't painful for even completely filling, but it was still
very enjoyable. I wanted to cum and I wanted to cum soon. Joann pulled me away
from Dave's cock and sat me down on the toilet to relieve myself. I emptied my
ass and looked to Joann for more instruction. She looked at Dave, leaning
against the wall with his cock sticking straight out. She told Dave that I had
a nice looking ass. He agreed. She asked him if he would like to fuck my ass.
He said he loves fucking every hole I have. Joann had me stand up. She had
Dave sit down with his legs together and stretched straight out in front. She
had me straddle his legs facing away from him. Joann put her hands on my
asscheeks and guided me down onto Dave's shaft. When his cockhead was just
barely into my asshole, Joann stood back and told me to bounce up and down,
fucking my ass on Dave's cock. I have done this many times, but not with
someone watching. It seems Joann really likes watching sex, so I began
bouncing, slamming down, jamming Dave's cock into my backdoor. It did not take
very long before I felt Dave squirt a stream of cum into me. I hadn't cum yet
and I wanted to, I wanted to cum desperately. Joann pushed me back against
Dave. She lifted my legs and told Dave to take hold of then behind my knees.
She told him to hold my legs up and open. Then she asked me if I had cum yet.
I told her no. She asked if I wanted to. I told her yes. She pulled my cunt
lips open and told me to finger myself again. As I moved my hand down to my
cunt, Joann stepped back and smiled. She watched intently as I rubbed my
clittie and poked my cunthole. Soon she put her own hand into her panties. I
pumped my finger in and out of my cunt as fast and as hard as I could. I
wanted to cum right now. And I did. I turned my head and found Dave's warm
lips and tongue. When my passion subsided and Dave's softened cock slipped out
of my ass, Joann had gone. We got up and Dave let me use the toilet again.
Dave began to open the door to go, get dressed, when Joann returned. This time
she was fully dressed, looking all prim and proper. She told Dave that he had
better get dressed, since the orderlies would be by soon to collect me. Dave
left and Joann showed me another enema bag, saying that now she had to clean
Dave's cum out of my ass. This time she was all business so the enema was
quick, painless and definately not erotic. She had me rinse off in the shower
and then she handed me a hospital gown. As we left the bathroom, she patted my
ass and told me that she would have to go home and really make herself cum.

That night when I finally woke-up after my surgery, I had my right leg in a
cast from my hip to my heel. I realized that several people had to have seen
my hairless cunt in order to put that cast on me. I began to wonder if
fingering my (now begining to itch) cunt would the cast and my leg inside it.
Dave was there and did what husbands are supposed to do to comfort us at such
times, he began to fondle my titties and kiss me. After a bit, he went to get
the nurse to explain about my leg. The matronly evening nurse went thru all
the regular stuff about trying not to move it too much. She did say that I had
been asleep so long (it was now 11:00 pm) that the cast had had a long time to
set and probably would not get damaged even if I fell off the bed. She also
told me that because of the size and weight of the cast, I had been put on a
liquid diet and that I had already had a catheter inserted so I would not need
a bedpan. And then she marched out. Dave stayed with me and just a few minutes
after midnight Joann came in to take my tempature and all. It seemed like it
would be harder to take a rectal tempature with my case on but she said that
with Dave's help she could take care of it. She pulled the covers all the way
off me and mentioned that three of the guys in the operating room had made
complimentary comments about my cunt and that one of the nurses even went out
of her way to take a long look at me. Joann had Dave lift my left leg up and
hold it about 45 degrees to the side. Joann reached down into my crotch and
parted my asscheeks with two fingers from her left hand and inserted the
greased thermometer into my asshole with her right. She went on to take my
pulse and blood pressure leaving my cunt quite exposed for the whole process.
She rested her hand on my cunt when she extracted the thermometer. She said
she had to finish her rounds, and that she would return later. She told me not
to finger myself while she was gone. I said good night to Dave (he still had
to work the next day) and let him go home. I sat here with my gown pulled up
under the covers waiting for Joann to return. Waiting for a chance to make my
cunt cum. When she did come back, she went to the closet and pulled out an
overnight bag. She said that Dave had brought some personal items for me. She
put the bag on the bed and pulled the covers down again. She openned the bag
and rummaged thru it and finally pulled out my silver bullet vibrator. She
said that Dave had done a good job in finding everything she wanted. Joann put
the bag on the floor and told me to move my free leg so my cunt would be open
to her. When I did, she inserted the bullet into my slick cunt.

Joann pulled my shoulders forward, untied the hospital gown and pulled it from
my arms, leaving me completely naked save for the cast on my leg. She then
took my hands, lifted them to the headboard and tied them there with a piece
of surgical tubing. Finally she sat on the bed next to me and began to fondle
my titties. She asked me if I wanted to know more about what she and Karen had
done in nursing school. I nodded yes. She turned on the remote control for the
vibrator in my cunt to a low buzz and began to tell me.

A few weeks after their first lesbian encounter, Joann came back to the dorm
late one Friday night and found Karen slumped in her car quite drunk. Joann
decided to help her get inside. Since Karen had already vomited all over her
blouse and jeans, Joann took her straight into the shower. She sat Karen on
the bench in one of the stalls and went to her own room to strip down. When
she came back naked, she just turned on the shower and began to strip Karen.
She piled up Karen's clothes on the floor. When she stripped off her panties,
she realized Karen had been shaving her own cunt since their original shaving.
Joann had been used as a subject since that first time but Karen had not, and
yet Karen's cunt was baby smooth. Joann took the soap and washed Karen as
thoroughly as she could considering Karen's unresponsive condition. When she
finished, she dried Karen off and helped her to Joann's room (it was the
closest). She laid Karen on her roommate's bed (roommate was gone for
weekend). Now she decided to inspect that smooth cunt up really close. She
spread Karen's legs and began to stroke her hairless cuntlips. She pushed her
lips open and gazed at Karen's pink little clit. She slowly rubbed Karen's
passion button until she noticed a glimmer of fluid at her cunthole. Joann
finally gave in and pulled Karen's legs off the side of the bed, spreading her
wide open. She knelt down between her legs, pulled her cuntlips open with her
thumbs and plunged her tongue into Karen's cunt. She was quite surprised to
find Karen's juices tasted very good (not very salty like the guy's cum she
had swallowed earlier that night). She licked every nook and cranny of Karen's
cunt, slowly exploring, tasting, experimenting. She found that Karen responded
to long slow licks across her clit. She also found that after a few such
licks, there was plenty of bitch cum to lick out of Karen's hole. Eventually
Karen responded more enthusiastically, by grinding her hips in rhythm with
Joann's licks. Slowly at first, but then faster and faster until Joann was
sure that Karen was cumming. Joann buried her tongue into Karen's hole and
Karen humped her cunt against Joann's face until Joann was covered with
Karen's cum. Karen slumped back to sleep and Joann knew she loved the taste of
cunt. She wiped off her face, lifted Karen completely onto the bed, covered
her, turned out the lights and climbed into her own bed. She had to finger
herself three times before she could get to sleep. She tasted her own cum from
her fingers after the first two creamings.

In the morning, Joann woke up to Karen pushing her legs open. When she
protested. Karen told her that since Joann had taken care her the night
before, now it was her turn to take care of Joann. Joann told her that she had
already had a taste of Karen's cunt, so now if Karen was going to do any cunt
licking with Joann, then it would have to be a sixty-nine session. Karen just
smiled and climbed on Joann. Since Karen was on top, Joann got an up-close
view of Karen's asshole while she mimiced Karen's cuntlicking actions. When
Joann was getting close to cumming, she moved one finger to Karen's asspucker
and began rubbing it. Karen began bucking her hips more. Joann pushed her
fingertip into Karen's backdoor and she began cumming. Karen clamped onto
Joann's clit when she began cumming and sucked hard, driving Joann over the
edge. When they finished cumming and relaxing, they decided they needed a
shower. Karen said she had to go back to her room to get a few things for the
shower and that Joann should start and Karen would join her. After Joann had
been in the shower for a few minutes, the curtain openned up and there stood
Karen with a few items in her hands. A filled enema bag in her left hand and a
razor in her right. Joann took them and proceeded to properly clean Karen
(inside and out). They spend the rest of the weekend licking, fingering,
cumming and cleaning each other.

By the time Joann had gotten to this part of her story, I was on my third
orgasm. My leg was sufficiently strapped to the bed so that I could wiggle
around in the throes of passion without doing any damage to it. But since my
hands were tied to the headboard, I had to rely on Joann's perverted nature to
give me satisfaction. She manipulated the control for my vibrator regularly
during her story, alternately driving up my passion and slowing it down to
sustain my eventual orgasms. After my third, she turned the vibrator off and
untied my hands. I grabbed her head, pulled her close and kissed her deeply,
our tongues intertwining as much as tongues can. She pulled away and said that
tomorrow night I would get something special. She tossed me my hospital gown
and left. I covered myself up and went to sleep.

I rested alot that night and the next day because of my medication and was
wide awake by the time Joann showed up for her first round of tempature and
blood pressure readings. She told me she had to do a lot before she could come
to visit and that I should rest. She intended to keep me awake for a long time
that night. About two hours later, Joann came in with a prep tray. She filled
a bowl with hot water and came over to kiss me. She stripped off my gown and
spread my legs. I had inserted my vibrator earlier that night. She said I was
a naughty little bitch for using it without my nurse's permission and pulled
it out. She then proceeded to wash and shave my eager little cunt. When my
cunt was clean and smooth, she refilled the bowl and gave me a complete sponge
bath. (Sponge baths are very sexy) When I was completely clean, Joann kissed
me very deeply, very passionately. Our hands explored each others tits. When I
began to unbutton her uniform, she forcefully took my hands and tied them to
the headboard again. She asked me if I liked sucking on tits. I nodded yes,
hoping that she would bare hers and feed me some nice nipples. Joann pulled a
blindfold from her pocket and told me not to say a single word until she took
the blindfold off. Then she covered my eyes and I felt her leave my side. I
was alone, naked, shaved, exposed and very horny. Then I felt a pair of hands
insert my vibrator into my cunthole. I assumed that they were Joann's hands
until I felt another pair of hands take my head and pull it forward until my
lips rubbed across an erect nipple. I stuck out my tongue and licked at the
nipple that was offered to me. Whoever she was, she pulled my head tighter to
her chest forcing me to suck her nipple and part of her tit into my mouth. I
sucked at her tit like a hungry baby. She pulled back and moved my face across
her chest to her other tit and I sucked that nipple in. Someone was at the
control for my vibrator and began giving me some intense oscillations. The
girl I was sucking moved her hands down to my titties and fondled them,
squeezed them, pinched them, twisted them, and pulled them. Eventually I came
and she abruptly pulled away and was gone. My vibrator was turned off and I
was alone again. A few minutes later another set of hands fondled my tits.
This time only one hand pulled my head forward, because the other was cupping
a huge mound of titflesh for me to lick and eventually to suck. Her nipples
were huge and soft and I sucked at them hard and fast. My vibrator was
oscillating again and eventually I came and she went away. A few minutes more
and another pair of hands, another set of tits, another orgasm and she was
gone. A forth set of tits, a fifth and then something different. This sixth
session started with someone sucking on my nubs. She was slow, anxious, as if
she had never tasted tittie before. Her hand moved from my tit, down across my
tummy to my bare mound. She gently rubbed my mound until I spread my legs and
began to push my cunt up at her hand. She finally slid one finger down into my
VERY wet slit. She slowly pushed her fingertip all the way down to my
asspucker and then pulled it back up until it stopped on my clittie. This girl
then moved her tit to my mouth and as I sucked her nipple in, she began to
slowly rub my clit in a circle. I knew that my vibrator was going to get a
rest, but that my clit was about to get a workout. This girl was new to
lesbian sex and she wasn't going to really fuck my cunt with her finger, she
was just going to rub my clittie until I popped. She moved her other tit to my
mouth and I sucked on her until her insistant rubbing made me cum. And then
she too left. I was sweaty and fatigued and a cool, wet washcloth across my
chest and face made me feel great. Joann removed my blindfold and washed my
face. She washed my tiny titties in a rather clinical fashion and then my cunt
(pulling my vibrator out). Then she went to the end of the bed and stripped
off her uniform. She had on a white bra, white panties and white pantyhose.
She sat on the bed next to me and unhooked the bra between her medium sized
breasts. She leaned forward until one nipple was brushing against my lips. I
slowly sucked her nipple into my mouth as she untied my hands. I slowly moved
my hands to her freshly exposed tits. (I knew I hadn't sucked on these tits
earlier) Joann allowed me to fondle, tweak, pull and suck on her tits. She
told me I had sucked on five different nurses. She told me that the third and
sixth were the same girl. A brand new girl who had not yet gotten her nursing
certificate. She begged Joann to let her have a second session. She even paid
Joann ten dollars for a chance to get her tits sucked by me. She had gone
across the street to her apartment and brought back her own vibrator to use on
her cunt while she rubbed my clit and I sucked her tits. Joann pulled back,
got dressed and let me sleep very soundly, fantisizing about a strange girl
feeding me her tits and fingering my cunt.

The next day, they changed my medication so that I slept less during the day
because I would be discharged the next morning. Not much happened that day and
that night I was a little tired when Joann arrived to take my rectal tempature
and blood pressure. She told me that she had a lot of work to do that night
and could not visit until very early morning, but that she would be back to
get me ready to leave at the end of her shift. I slept uneasily that night and
then near dawn Joann woke me. She undid all the straps and pulleys that held
my leg in its unmoving position. She helped me wiggle my ass off the bed and
into a waiting wheelchair. She covered me with a blanket and we went for a
ride. She took me down a few floors and into an unused examination room. In
the center of the room was a typical exam table complete with the stirrups to
keep a girl's cunt open and available. I assumed she would put me up there and
do something else to me. But instead, Joann did a slow strip. First her
uniform dress, then her pantyhose, then her bra (still hooked in front) and
finally her panties. She climbed onto the table and laid back, putting her
legs into the stirrups, exposing her cunt to me. I manuvered the wheelchair up
real close. I leaned forward and began to lick Joann to the best orgasm I
could give her. I licked her, fingered her (cunt and ass) and sucked on her
hardened little clit. When she did cum, she came alot. She practically gushed
cum onto my face. I used her own cum to lubricate her asshole for my
fingerfucking. I finshed her by rubbing her clit and tonguefucking her
cunthole while I poked her ass. When she recovered, we went to an ajoining
bathroom and I watched as she took a shower. I indicated that I wanted to see
her poke her finger into her own cunt and asshole. She obliged me but did not
make herself cum for me. When she was dry and dressed, She took me to the
cafeteria and we ate a hearty breakfast, grinning at each other like naughty
lesbian teenagers. After breakfast, she took me back to my room to dress and
pack up my stuff. Then at eight o'clock, Dave came by and they took me to my
doctor and he removed my cast, replacing it with a foam and metal splint. When
Joann wheeled me to the frontdoor, Dave went to get the car. Joann told me
that she would be on vacation in a few weeks and wanted to do a full check-up
on me then. I smiled and asked her if she could convince that novice nurse to
help.
