                    Eager Beaver Goes Skiing

I went on a ski trip the week between Christmas and New Year's.  I went
with my boyfriend Dave.  We were going to share the cabin with Dave's
friend Jim and his girlfriend Cathy.  Dave and I arrived on Sunday
afternoon.  Jim and Cathy were not due to arrive until midday on Monday.
Dave and I had some fun 69ing on the bearskin rug in front of a big
stone fireplace with a roaring fire.  On Monday Jim and Cathy arrived.
Jim and Dave are about the same height about 6 feet.  Jim is a little
thinner that Dave and a bit less muscular.  Cathy is about 5 feet 6
inches and fleshy, not fat just fleshy.  Dave and I left them in the
cabin to get settled and we went skiing.  We met for dinner and then
went to a local bar for entertainment.  All during dinner, Jim kept
filling Cathy's wine glass and now kept ordering drinks for her.  She
got very drunk, and quite uninhibited.  Finally Cathy was getting too
drunk to stay out so Jim took her back to the cabin.  Dave and I waited
a reasonable amount of time for them to have some fun before we went
back.  When we entered the cabin, Cathy's clothes were strewn all over
the living room and the bearskin rug was out of place.  They seemed to
have had some fun before going to bed.  On Tuesday the four of us went
cross-country skiing in the morning and downhill in the afternoon.  That
evening Cathy again got rather drunk, but Dave and I decided to go home
first.  Dave insisted on stripping and sucking and fucking in the living
room.  I think he wanted to get caught.  We finished up and were in the
bedroom when Jim and Cathy came in.  Actually it was Jim carrying Cathy
in.  Dave went out to help Jim get Cathy into the bedroom.  They carried
her into the bedroom, and Dave left Jim to play with her.
 
Wednesday morning we planned to have a big breakfast at the cabin before
doing more cross-country skiing.  Cathy and I made pancakes and eggs and
toast for the boys.  When the boys got up and into the kitchen they did
not say a word to us.  They ate their breakfast in silence, just
grinning at each other once in a while.  When all of us had finished
Cathy and I got up to clean things up.  Dave grabbed me and pulled me in
front of him.  Jim had grabbed Cathy and moved her so we were cheek to
cheek.  Dave opened my bathrobe and began kissing my tits.  His hands
were roaming all over my body.  Finally he slipped his thumbs into the
waistband of my panties and began to pull them down.  Since Cathy and I
had shared the bathroom that morning I knew that she had on the same
amount of clothing that I did; just panties and a bathrobe.  Dave pulled
my panties all the way down and made me step out of them.  He tossed
them onto the table and they were quickly joined by Cathy's panties.
Dave stood up and took my robe by the collar and began to pull it off
me.  When he had uncovered my ass, he pushed me back far enough to touch
Cathy.  Both of us were stripped bare, standing ass to ass, and ready
for whatever these boys had in mind.  The boys quickly cleared the
table, and motioned for us to climb on top of the table at opposite
ends.  They laid us back and lifted our legs up.  I realized that Dave
must have gotten the idea for this from my sorority initiation story.
This head-to-cunt position was used when the sisters had us eaten by the
boys.  Now my boyfriend was repeating the scene.  Dave had me hold my
legs open while he poured maple syrup into my cunt.  I saw Jim drizzling
thick honey onto Cathy's protruding cunt lips.  The boys began to eat
us, to lick us, to make us ooze our cum onto their tongues.  Dave is a
very good cuntlicker and he was better than usual this time.  I arched
my back and pushed my open cunt at his face as I came and came.  They
let us relax a bit after making us cum so nicely.  The boys still did
not say a word.  They pulled us up and off the table and led us by the
arm to the bathroom.  Cathy gasped when she saw what the boys had
prepared before coming to breakfast.  Hanging on the shower curtain rod
were two enema bags, hoses dangling down to the long white nozzles.  She
told me that she had never had an enema, but had heard about them.  I
giggled and told her to relax and enjoy being filled to the brim.  The
boys motioned for us to climb into the tub.  They positioned us so that
we were kneeling in the tub, bent over the side, resting on our arms
outside the tub.  Cathy's larger, fleshier tits were dangling down.  Jim
spent some time fondling them as he positioned her.  Dave and Jim
prepared a hot soapy solution and filled the enema bags.  As they
lubricated our assholes, I was getting very horny.  I had received
enemas from boyfriends (and girlfriends) before but I hadn't been
side-by-side with another girl getting cleaned out since the last night
of my sorority initiation.
 
Dave tenderly slipped that nozzle into my willing asshole.  Cathy was
squirming as Jim tried to lubricate her hole.  I put my hand on top of
hers and told her to calm down, to relax her ass muscles the way she
would for an assfuck.  She told me that Monday and Tuesday night had
been the only time she had ever taken a cock up her ass.  That was what
all the drinks were for; to get her lubricated at both ends.  I again 
told her to calm down and relax.  I told her the same things Karen had
told me when she gave me my first enema.  Cathy calmed down and Jim slowly
worked the nozzle into her tail.  Both boys reached one hand under us so
that our cunts were being played with when they released the clip on the
hose.  The rush of hot soapy water and the rubbing Dave was doing to my
cunt pushed me very close to the edge of orgasm.  It was too much for
Cathy.  With Jim's finger in her cunt and the hot water in her tail she
came almost instantly.  I wanted Dave to make me cum to match Cathy's
orgasm, but he would only rub my clit slowly to keep me on the edge of
creaming.  By the time Cathy recovered enough from her orgasm to look at
me, we were both drenched in sweat.  The hot enema was heating us up
from the inside out and by the smile on Cathy's face I knew she enjoyed
the sensation.  As the boys reached back to remove the nozzles I
cautioned Cathy about the urge to push all the water out.  She agreed to
try to hold it in until the boys let us let it out.  The boys pulled the
nozzles out and immediately pushed plugs into our filled tails.  The
butt plugs went in easier than the nozzles did, and they made sure that
Cathy and I stayed filled.  The boys stood us up and dried us off and
led us into the living room.  They left us standing there, naked, asses
filled, and ever so hot, while they went and got our ski clothes.  They
had us get dressed in just socks, skipants and jacket.  They dressed the
same way.  I knew they wanted to expand their outdoor blowjobs to
something more involved.  When we were all dressed, we went out, put on
our skis and headed thru the woods toward a ski hut we had gone to the
day before.  About half way there, the boys stopped.  They moved Cathy
and me into a position facing each other.  They unzipped our jackets and
unhooked the suspenders that held out pants up.  They moved us closer to
each other and bent us over.  They had us hold each other and rest our
heads on the other's shoulder.  They pulled at our pants until they where
down to our ankles.  The cold air against my bare ass and cunt and tits
contrasted with the internal heat still supplied by the enema in my ass.
I was ready to cum.  I wanted to cum as soon as Dave stuck his cock in
me so that I could cum several times.  Dave stood behind me and I could
feel his cock rubbing across my eager slit.  Dave reached under my
jacket to clasp his hands over my tiny titties and he rammed his cock
home.  I started cumming.  I kept cumming.  This was the most intense
orgasm I had ever had.  And from the squeezes and moans from Cathy, I
knew I wasn't the only one that was getting a great fuck.
 
Dave cupped my titties and pounded away at my eager juicy cunt.  It
didn't take long before I was cumming and cumming and cumming.  Dave
just kept pounding, plunging his cock deep into me.  My orgasm subsided
and I could hear Cathy begging for more.  She wanted to get fucked, to
cum, to have him shoot his load deep into her.  She started to cum again.
She was moaning and groaning and twisting her body and grinding her cunt
against Jim's cock.  Her commotion enhanced my own orgasm.  This time it
was longer, broader, more completely exhausting.  At the tail end of it,
Dave jammed his cock deep into me and shot me full of his cum.  Jim
responded in kind and jammed into Cathy to unload his sperm into her.
They held us tight, cocks deep in our cream filled cunts, until they
were drained and we had stopped quivering.  It felt so good to have both
holes filled.  My ass was still warm with the enema and now my cunt was
oozing cum (mine and Dave's).  The boys lifted us up and pushed us
together.  Their cocks were beginning to slip out but they pushed us tit
to tit.  Dave reached over my shoulder and kissed Cathy.  Jeff reached
over Cathy and kissed me hard pushing our titties tighter.  They broke
off their kisses, motioned us to get dressed and still without a word
continued our skiing.  When we got to the hut, they motioned for us to
strip down outside on the steps.  They held the door open so we could
step inside as soon as we were naked, but they wanted us bare before we
entered.  Inside they showed us to the toilet and let me unplug Cathy.
She eliminated the now body temperature water from her ass and let me
dry her off.  Then she offered to unplug my tail.  She slipped her hand
to my cunt before pulling my plug out.  She told me she had never done
it with another girl while she was sober.  I told her that she was sexy
enough to eat anytime, anywhere.  We giggled and she pulled my plug
free.  I let all the water out of my ass and let Cathy give me a nice
loving toweling.  I gently squeezed her tits before we were pulled to
the main room.  The boys had made a fire and laid out some lunch for us
to eat.  When we were finished, Dave stepped in front of Cathy, opened
his pants and put his cock into her mouth.  Jim finished his drink of
wine and motioned for me to come to him.  I moved in front of him and he
pulled me to my knees and opened his pants.  I eagerly pulled out his
semi-hard cock and sucked him to full erection.  Neither Cathy nor I had
a cock long enough to make him cum.  They pulled back, closed their
pants and went to the sink.  They pulled the enema gear out of one of
the knapsacks and began to prepare another hot enema.  They placed Cathy
and me on our knees in front of the fire.  I held her hand as they pushed
our tits to the rug, pulled our legs open and lifted our asses high.
They filled our tails with even more hot soapy water than the first time
and quickly plugged us up for the trip home.
 
We retraced our way back toward our cabin and stopped at the same place
the boys had fucked us on the way out.  This time when they put us face
to face with our jackets open, our pants pulled down and our hot enema
filled asses bare for the world to see, Dave took my head and pushed me
to Cathy's left tit.  I gave her very erect nipple a tender kiss before
opening my mouth to suck that nipple in.  Dave knew I would give her a 
good tit sucking, but Cathy's moans came faster than he had thought.  He
apparently didn't want her too worked up, because he pulled my head back
and then to her right tittie.  I repeated my kiss and suck until she
began to moan again and Dave pulled me back.  They bent us over again,
but this time Dave got behind Cathy and Jim got behind me.  This was
going to be the first of their cunt swapping.  I told Cathy that Dave
could fuck really good and she told me that Jim was no slouch at
creaming a girl's cunt.  The boys plunged into us.  Neither one of them
let us down.  They gave us a great second fuck.  Both Cathy and I came
twice before those cocks exploded into us.  Jim seemed to shoot half a
dozen times jammed deep into my cunt and I know that Dave dumped a full
load into Cathy.  Dave always seems to cum a lot.  His second and third
loads take longer but they are just as big as his first.  When they were
finished, they again pulled us up and pushed us tittie to tittie and
exchanged kisses (Dave kissing me from behind Cathy and Jim kissing
Cathy with his cock still in me).  Then the boys pulled out and we got
dressed.  Before we moved on, Dave unzipped my jacket and Jim put
Cathy's face down to my tiny nips.  She gave them a little kiss and a
lick from her warm tongue.  Then we went back to the cabin.  At the
cabin, the boys again motioned for us to strip outside before going in,
but this time, we had to kiss both cocks and get slapped on the ass
before we could get inside.  Cathy and I retreated to the bathroom to
unplug our hot (now very loose) asses.  The boys left us to empty out
and wash up by ourselves.  After dumping all that hot soapy water, Cathy
and I took a shower and we very gently washed each other all over.  I
washed her first.  I started at her shoulders and went down her back to
her lovely rounded ass.  I had her bend over so I could clean out her
crack and I gently played with her gaping asshole.  I rubbed my finger
around her very open hole and then poked my soapy finger into her.  She
was so loose I could plunge my whole finger into her without any
resistance.  When she washed me, she made sure that she could do the
same to my asshole.  When we finished washing and drying off, we went
out into the living room (still stark naked, we knew the boys would want
us that way).  We found the boys equally naked with glasses of wine
ready for us.  They gave us the glasses and Dave proposed a toast 'To
the two best cunts in the entire Rocky Mountains'.  Cathy and I giggled,
drank and then hugged and kissed these two lovely fuckers.  We sat down
and snuggled our naked bodies together in front of the fire while
finishing our wine.  Cathy was careful not to drink too much.
 
After a while, Dave told Jim that Cathy and I had probably played with
each other in the bathroom, but they should make sure we know just how
good our cunts are.  They pulled us down to the bearskin rug and put us
on our sides facing the other's cunt.  Dave pulled my leg up and gently
guided my head between Cathy's open thighs.  I was the first to make
contact as I drew my tongue across her slick outer lips.  Cathy was
hesitant but followed my lead and gave my slit a long lick.  Now that I
knew she was going to copy my actions, I began to give her a good
thorough licking.  We had been positioned with my lower arm over her
bottom leg and with Jim holding up her other leg so I could put my right
hand into her cunt to open her up.  I used two fingers to spread her
soft cuntlips after I had properly covered them with licks.  I gently
poked my tongue between her lips and into her hot sexy cunt hole.  The
little wiggle I gave her with the tip of my tongue sent shivers up her
spine and she had to reposition her mouth and tongue before she could
continue.  My gentle licking and tongue probing was making her juice up
a great deal.  She was oozing a very sweet cream out of her lips.  I
wanted to make sure she knew I was eating her because she tasted good
not just because my boyfriend put my face in her cunt.  I poked my
tongue as deep into her creamy hole as I could and wiggled it trying to
get as much of her sweet cum as I could.  I pulled back and licked her
entire slit very fast before plunging in for a repeat.  She lost her
concentration almost immediately and was just laying there taking her
licking after I had done a few cycles of tongue fuck and lip licking.
When I put my lips to her erect clit and sucked, she went over the edge
and started cumming.  It was like I had broken a dam inside her cunt.
She was flowing with sweet cum.  I lapped at it like a thirsty bitch
never getting enough.  I was licking all over her crotch spreading more
cum than I was able to lick up.  Some of her cum oozed thru her slit to
her asshole.  I could see Jim fondling Cathy's asscheeks and now he was
going to finger her tail.  He rubbed his finger thru her cum before
poking into her hole.  In one thrust, he plunged his finger hilt deep
into her ass and drove her to her second orgasm.  After she recovered
from that one Jim whispered in her ear and she began to work on my cunt
more aggressively.  She wasn't the best cuntlicker, but she was going to
be very good with practice (I am already setting up a lesson schedule).
When she paid attention to my clit, my orgasm built up, and when she
sucked on my clit, I popped and came and oozed my cream onto her face.
She also lapped at my cum like a hot wild animal.  When she had licked
me clean, we laid our heads back and the boys licked our faces clean.
Then Dave told Jim 'Now let's find out how good their asses are.'  They
pushed us back into each other's cunt and our tongues went to work again
as the boys inserted their cocks into our clean waiting assholes.  We
offered no resistance on the way in -- only on the way out.


