Chapter 2.

  Professor Mac and Eager moved along the corrider after leaving the classroom.
Mac's head was pounding and so was his cock.  The idea that the sweet young
thing was going to his office with him with the intention of something sexual
was incredible.  Mac could feel his cock pressing against the front of his
pants trying to rise to point the way.  For once, he wished that it would wait;
he didn't want any of the other faculty to notice.
  Eager was smiling as she imagined how Professor Mac was going to look on his
knees, tongue inserted in her wet and hot pussy.  Then she smiled even more as
she imagined how it was going to feel.  She hoped that he wasn't one of those
old farts that didn't eat pussy. If he was, then she was really going to be
pissed.  She loved having a tongue rolling around in and on her pussy and
sometimes preferred it to fucking.  She kept her pussy shaved for just that
reason and now she expected Professer McBride to give her a new thrill.  She'd
made it with other guys before, but never with a really older man. Not that
Professor Mac was all that old, but she was so young, and he was, well, middle
aged.  She guess that he was in his late thirties to early forties.  Glancing
at his salt and pepper hair, she thought, "At least he's not bald."  Then
correcting herself she thought, "But I'd do it with him anyway even if he was
'cause I have a bald pussy and I've never done a college professor before."
  The hard-on in Mac's pants was trying to creep around to the side so that it
could stick up instead of being held down by his pants.  Mac wore loose boxer
underwear, not because he was "middle-aged" but so that his hard-ons would show
instead of being held down by 'briefs'.  He also found them cooler and they let
his dick plop around which he could feel sometimes when he walked.  Mac was not
a 'hanger' but was a 'grower'.  At least that is what one of his girlfriends
had told him.  She had said that a 'hanger' was a guy whose cock hung big but
didn't grow much when he got a hard-on.  She had said that a 'grower' was a guy
that had a little dick until he got a hard-on and then it 'grew' to be as big
as the 'hanger' on hard.  Mac wasn't sure which was better but his honey had
seemed satisfied that his was big enough for her.  Mac had never really been
ashamed of his cock with a woman for it was usually hard and big enough.  In
the shower at physical education in school, it had seemed tiny though and he
sometimes was unsure of whether he should be ashamed or not until he had had
the 'hanger' and 'grower' explanation.  Occassionally, he wished that he were
more of a hanger.  Today, he wished he'd worn jockey shorts to hold his hard-on
down.
  Just as that thought passed through his mind, Mrs. Sug and one of her
students came around the corner and began walking toward Eager and Mac.  Mac
tried to figure out how to hide his bulging crotch.  But they passed by without
seeming to notice. Mac thought he saw Mrs. Sug glance down but if so it was so
fleeting as to make him unsure whether he saw it or not.
  Finally, they reached Mac's office and Mac unlocked and opened the door.
Stepping back to let Eager enter first, Mac switched on the light.  The office
was typical for a minor professor in a small college, piled high with papers,
folders, and books, it held only a desk and two chairs, one on each side of the
desk.  Mac closed the door behind them and turned and locked it.  Then turning
back, he set his briefcase down next to the desk, removed his coat and laid it
on the top of a pile of books.  He looked at Eager and smiled.
  "Well, what now?' asked Mac almost innocently.  He looked down at the front
of Eager's skirt and imagined the shaven pussy just behind the cloth.
  "I think that you should study this closely," said Eager, and she lifted the
front of her skirt to her waist.  The smooth skin of her lower abdomen was
unbroken by marks or other features until the vertical slit of her pussy split
the pudendum like parted shell of a pistachio nut.  Mac felt as if the woman
before him had suddenly changed into a little 12 year old girl.  Beads of sweat
broke out on his brow and his breathing became a little heavier and more
ragged.  Eager backed up to  Mac's desk and sat up on the desk, still holding
her skirt up to her waist.  Mac moved closer and slid into his chair, his eyes
glued to her crotch.  She smiled and lifted and spread her legs.  Her labia
opened and some wetness glistened on her labia as the light struck the flushed
tissues of her minor lips.
  Mac was mesmerized as he slowly leaned forward.  Now no words were spoken,
but both knew that he was going to suck her pussy.  Mac's eyes were glazed, and
Eager's pussy was getting really wet in anticipation.  Mac placed his hands
under the smooth thighs that were spread so invitingly, and leaned forward. Her
cunt was only a couple of inches from his face.  He could smell her pussy now,
but it was a sweet and pleasant smell, not an unclean or harsh one.  He parted
his lips and opened his mouth and the last couple of inches passed and he
placed a puckered kiss on her puffy labia.  Then his tongue snaked out to
intrude between the wet laboria minora and he drew the tip up her slit and
across Eager's erect clit.
  Eager wasn't used to having guys press their tongue immediately into her
pussy like that.  Usually they were reluctant or more cautious anyway and
needed to work up to actually dipping their tongue in.  As a result of the
supprise, an intense sensation shot from her clit as Mac's tongue passed it.
She thought for a second she was going to come from that immediate sensation.
She let out a sigh and quit holding her skirt up with her hand.  Instead, she
raised her hand to her tit and began to massage her nipple through the shirt.
As usual, she wore no bra.  The other hand she placed on the table top to keep
from falling over backward.  Meanwhile, back down below, Mac was really
enjoying the taste and feel of Eager's shaven pussy.  He was smearing his
saliva and her pussy wetness all over his lips and nose and then rubbing his
face over her smooth mons, lapping with his tongue as the did so.  They were
very slippery surfaces now as the combination of spit and pussy juice did their
job. Mac stuck his nose as far into Eager's vagina as it would go and the ran
it up her slit and across her clit.  The end of his nose almost felt like a
small cock.  Eager could feel the sensations bouncing around in her body and
building toward a quick climax. She could tell that her body responded to
Professor Mac in a special way and that it was more sensitive to his touch than
it often was to others.
  Mac place his lips on her clit and sucked gently on it.  He nibbled on her
clit and raked his teeth gently across the tip. Sucking her labia into his
puckered lips next to her clit, he flicked the tip of his tongue rapidly back
and forth over the clit and labia.  The combined pressure and rapid movement
were enough to push Eager over the top for an orgasm that had taken less than
five minutes to create.
  Mac lifted his head and looked up at Eager's face.  The pussy juice was
dripping off of his chin and he smiled up at her.
  "That was pretty good pussy sucking for an old man," said Eager.  "Now let's
see how good your cock is."
  Mac stood up and Eager reached across her spread legs and unbuckled his belt.
Unbuttoning the waistband of his pants, she pulled the zipper down.  Then, she
pulled his pants and underpants down together, and they fell in a heap around
his ankles.  His cock jutted up and out from his groin and a drop of pre-come
glistened on his prick.  Eager grasped his dick with her left hand and stroked
it gently.  While it wasn't an especially large cock, it filled her hand
nicely.  Mac's cock was nice and hard to Eager's touch.  His circumcision had
been done fairly well and the skin on his shaft showed some veins.  His prick
was a nice redish pink, not the deep purple of some she'd seen.
  After giving the cock a couple of more strokes, Eager pulled it towards her
pussy and Mac leaned forward.  Eager guided the tip of the cock into her very
wet vagina and sighed as it began to fill her hole.  Mac pressed slowly
forward, enjoying the pleasure of initial insertion into the tight hot hole of
this young woman.  When he had inserted as much as he could into her cunt, Mac
pulled back just as slowly.  He pulled it all the way out, and then without the
need for a guiding hand, reinserted it. Eager gasped as it left her pussy,
feeling deserted and empty, and then gasped again as the cock was immediately
reinserted. Eager decided that Mac knew something about fucking after all. She
had had this withdrawal and teasing technique used on her before with great
success.
  Mac began to take long and slow strokes with his cock.  On each stroke,
Eager's labia pulled against her clit, and the friction of the cock on her
vagina wall added to the pleasure she felt.  Eager could tell that even though
she had just had a quick orgasm, she was rapidly heading for another.  Mac
reached up and began to massage Eager breasts with both hands.  Eager looked up
and realized that she had been sucked off, and was now fucking like crazy and
Mac hadn't even kissed her yet.  She lifted her head and placed her arms around
Mac's neck and pulled his face to hers.  She licked up from his chin, tasting
her pussy juices from his face, and planted her lips on his.  She thrust her
tongue into Mac's mouth almost in rhythm with the thrusts of Mac's cock in her
cunt.
  For several minutes they kissed and sucked each other's tongues as Mac's slow
thrusts drove his cock deeply into her smooth pussy.  Mac's mind was whirling
with the sensations caused by this young woman.  He was aware of the pressure
of her nipples on his palms as he massaged her tits.  She was alternatively
clamping down and releasing the pressure on his cock as it move in and out in
her vagina.  Mac could still smell and taste her sweet pussy smells from where
he had sucked her off.  He gave himself up to the sensations and began to
stroke her faster. Every nerve in his cock seemed to be aware of the feel of
pussy.
  Finally, Mac could feel his climax building and the imagined swirl of come in
his nuts.  His stroke increased even more and his breathing came faster and
faster.  Eager could tell that he was approaching orgasm and the knowledge
drove he toward her own. She wanted to feel the spurt of his come in her cunt
and the contractions and jerks of his cock as he came.  She knew that if he
would just have a really good shaking orgasm, then she would come too just from
the association.
  "Come in my cunt," breathed Eager into Mac's ear as the tempo of his strokes
increased even further.  Almost as if in response to her command, Mac's cock
began to twitch and a load of come shot into her.  Mac's cock contracted and
expanded with the waves of the orgasm.  Eager's climax was only a second
behind, coming on the waves of his.
  "Oh, I'm comming too," she crooned softly as the rush of the sensations rose
up her spine and spread warmth over her entire body.  She gave a couple of
final snaps of her hips and kissed Mac hard on the lips.
  Mac stayed inserted in her cunt until cock began to get soft, kissing her
face and lips all the while.  Then, when his cock began to wilt, he pulled back
and let his limp cock slip out.  Slowly his breathing returned to normal.  He
looked down at Eager's smooth pussy and wished he could will his cock instantly
hard again.  The sight of her open labia, with her inner lips so wet with pussy
juice and come, was going to be an image that he would remember for future
jack-off sessions.
  Eager sat up and smiled at Mac.  She looked down at his dripping cock, still
slick with her pussy juices.  A bubble of come was oozing from the tip as she
watched.  Pulling her legs together, she hopped up from the desk top and knelt
in front of Mac.  She took his limp cock in her right hand between the thumb
and first finger and lifted it to look the drop of come in the eye.  Then she
leaned forward and licked the drop of come off before it fell.  She tasted the
slightly salty taste of his come but was amused to note that it was not at all
bitter like some she'd tasted.  Puckering up her mouth, she leaned forward and
slowly slid his cock into her mouth.  Now she could taste her own pussy juices
mixed with his come.  Working her face back and forth slowly, she sucked gently
on his cock.  She swirled her tongue around the glans as her head was back and
pressed it against the underside of the shaft when her head was forward. Even
this quickly after his orgasm, she felt a small jerk in Mac's cock as it
attempted to respond to this new sensation.
  Mac looked down in amazement and excitement at the beautiful woman kneeling
in front of him.  His semi-flacid cock sliding in and out of her mouth.  He had
always liked to be with a woman who would suck him after he fucked her, but he
had not often found them.  Usually, they wanted to wash him off first, but that
ruined it.  He always felt that if she wanted him to suck her pussy, then she
should be willing to get some pussy juice in her mouth too.  Of course, one had
told him that the counterpoint was that he had to be willing to kiss her after
she had sucked him off and still had come in her mouth and on her lips.  At
first, he had not been able to handle that, thinking it unmanly to get come on
his lips, even if it was his own.  Then finally, in a need to see what it was
like, he had jacked off into his hand and had put his fingertip into the come
and then into his mouth.  He hadn't really liked it, but it hadn't made him
sick.  The next time she sucked him off, he kissed her deeply and hadn't even
tasted the come.  So she had been impressed.  Now, Mac was impressed with
Eager, sucking his cock so, well, eagerly.
  Eager was impressed with how quickly his cock was responding for an older
man.  She thought that only young boys responded this quickly after fucking.
She moved her head a little faster, and applied a little more pressure.  His
cock gave a responding twitch and grew harder.  Eager could her pussy beginning
to re- wet itself, and then she felt a wad of his come ooze out of her cunt and
drop away.  Later she would see it on his floor.  For now, she was unconcerned
about the destination of the old come. She was only interested in the new come
that she wanted to draw from his balls.  This turned her attention to his nuts,
and she withdrew her mouth from around his cock and lifted it out of the way.
Then she leaned forward and tickled his balls with her tongue extended as far
as she could.  She stroked gently on his cock with her hand.  Then she opened
her mouth and sucked one of his nuts completely into her mouth.  Mac had opened
his legs slightly to try to give her better access to his balls.  He loved to
have his balls played with.
  Just then the phone rang.  Mac opened his eyes where he had closed them to
enjoy the sensations of Eager's lips and tongue. He tried to pull away,
although he could reach the phone without moving away.  However, Eager had a
good grip on one of his nuts with her teeth, yet not in a painful way.  The
phone rang again. Mac was afraid not to answer it, yet he wasn't sure that he
could talk with Eager attached to his crotch at the lips.  The phone rang a
third time.  This time Eager gestured toward the phone as if to say, "Answer
it, you dummy", although she was too well mannered to try to talk with her
mouth full.
  "Hello," Mac answered.
  "Hi, honey," said Mac's wife.  "I just wondered if you had any idea what time
you'd get home and what you'd like to have to eat."
  "Well, no, I am in the middle of a conference with a student and I don't know
how long I might be." he answered.  With this Eager held up her two hands as if
to gauge the length of his cock.  Mac almost burst out laughing, but he
swallowed his mirth and it came out as a sort of bark.
  "Are you okay?  You sounded like you choked." asked his wife.
  "I'm fine.  I just tried to sneeze," he answered.  Eager resumed sucking on
his cock now.  He watched her head sliding slowly back and forth on his cock.
  "Well, I am going over to the new neighbor's house and chat with her a little
bit.  You come on over when you get home. Okay?" She didn't sound as if she had
any idea that there was anything going on.  Just then, Eager pulled a little
too far back on Mac's cock, and she made a slurping, sucking sound.  "What did
you say, dear?" asked his wife.
  "Nothing.  That's fine, you go on over there and I'll see you after if I
finish here.  Goodbye."  He listened to her final comments and then hung up the
phone.  He looked down at the wet lips on his glistening cock, and remembered
how his wife used to do this for him.  Of course, he used to eat her more often
too, before she started to get fat and not douche and smell bad.  He did like
the old joke that it smelled like fish but tasted like chicken.  However, if he
could eat one that didn't smell bad he really went crazy.
  Eager was so obviously enjoying herself, sucking his cock and stroking it
with her right hand.  Then Mac noticed that her left hand was down under her
skirt and she was clearly fingering herself with the left one.
  Mac himself was amazed that his cock was responding so well so quickly.  He
often could come twice, but he usually need a little rest and she had offered
him none.  He began to move his hips slightly in counterpoint to her head
movement; fucking her face gently.  Eager increased the tempo of her pussy hand
and then increased the suction with which she pulled at his insides via his
urethra.  The tension built quickly now because Eager was so skilled at sucking
his cock.  She seemed to sense exactly what pressure was needed and what rythym
changes would increase his arousal.
  Now the pace was pretty fast and Mac could tell that he could come in just a
bit.  He knew that he could come in her mouth because she'd already licked the
first come off of the tip when she started.  Almost suddenly, his come boiled
out of his nuts and through his prostate and shot out the end of his cock. His
orgasm was thorough and made his knees weak because it was so strong.  At the
gush of come, Eager's orgasm began as well and she diddled her clit faster and
felt the wash of the waves of sensation run up her back and splash across the
roof of her head. The dash of come in her throat only added to the pleasure.
  In a few moments that seemed like several minutes, the climaxes were over and
Eager sat back on her heels.  Mac sat down in the chair, not bothering to pull
up his pants.  Again his cock wilted and became small, leaving a trail of
post-orgasmic come across his leg.
  "I know you need to go have dinner.  I need to go study too." said Eager.
She lifted her left hand and licked her pussy and come mixture from her
fingers.  "Perhaps I will have to have several after class conferences with
you, Professor.  After all, I would really like to get this material committed
to memory."
  "I want to do all that I can to help you." Mac said.  "When would you like to
come again?" he asked without realizing the pun.  "Would you like to stop by
after class on Wednesday?  That would be a good time for me," he said.
  "That's a wonderful idea." she answered as she rose and smoothed out her
skirt.  "I will walk around with your come running down my leg until it almost
shows, and then I will go to the ladies' room and clean my pussy.  Bye."
  She opened the door and tucked her books under her arm.  She stepped out into
the hall and shut the door behind her.  Mac sat a moment longer and then
grabbed a kleenex tissue off of his bookshelf and wiped his cock.  He pulled up
his pants and headed home, locking his office door behind him.  On his way
home, he visualized how sweet Eager looked laying back with her hairless pussy
in his mouth, and he remembered how it tasted.  By the time he got home he was
half hard again.

