Chapter 1.

   It was just another Monday, as the professor walked into theclassroom.  The
test scheduled for today was an important one for the students, but to the
teacher it was just another day. Professor Mac, as he was called by the
students, sometimes enjoyed test days better than regular ones however.  Since
the course in human sexuality was one of the more popular ones on campus, it
was always full.  But from Mac's point of view, it was the young women who made
the class enjoyable.  He loved sex, whether it was talking about it, watching
it, doing it, reading about it, or teaching it.  There were often students in
the class who knew nothing, young women who had never been allowed to say the
word 'sex' aloud without getting in trouble.  He loved watching them squirm
when he talked in his animated way about "the penis is inserted into the vagina
with the natural lubrication available from the walls of the vagina or when
aided by some externally applied cremes or jellys".  He really couldn't talk
about the cock and the pussy, although he really felt that would more natural
for these kids.  He never said penis when he was a kid and played "I'll show
you if you show me" with Sally from down the street.
   Mac moved to the front of the tiered lecture hall and removed the test
papers from his briefcase.  He looked up at the room full of expectant faces,
and realized that he especially liked test days because he would have more time
to look up the dresses of the girls as they bent over their exams in
concentration. They seldom looked up to see that he was bending or moving to
try to get the right angle to get a good squirrel shot.  Mac really didn't care
for girls who wore shorts to class.  He was not really into legs as much as
into pussies.  Noticing that several of the girls were wearing skirts today,
Mac began to pass out the tests and called out the instructions.  He reminded
them to do their own work, that exams were by definition a mental masterbation
and hence mutual masterbation and group activities were not allowed during this
hour although what they did at night was up to them.  Mac liked his little
joke, and a few of the class tittered about it, but some frowned.  One girl in
particular looked at Mac and he could see some sort of fire light up in her
eyes.  Interestingly enough, she was one of the ones wearing a fairly full
skirt and he made a mental note of where she was sitting so he could watch her
during the test.
     When he had finished distrbuting the tests, Mac told the students that
they could begin, and he began to pace slowly across the front of the room,
checking out the girls who had on skirts.  He only half interestedly kept an
eye out for cheating. He noticed one girl sitting in a blue skirt that almost
came to her knees as she sat with her legs slightly apart.  He stepped in front
of her and up one tier to get a better angle and was rewarded with a good angle
of view up her dress and between her legs.  She didn't quite have her legs open
enough for Mac to see anything except where her thighs came together, but it
was early in the exam yet; she'd relax her legs and they would open up as she
concentrated more and more on her test.  Mac moved slowly up the tiers, crossed
over a couple of rows of desks and started back down.  As he passed the girl
who had had fire in her eyes earlier at his masterbation joke, Mac noticed her
name from the top of the test, "E. Beaver".  Mac remembered noticing the name
on the rolls when the semester started, but had been even more intrigued when
he learned that everyone called her 'Eager' or 'Eager Beaver', referring to her
enthusiasm for her studies he assumed.  He didn't remember what the E might
really stand for. He thought the name was probably a lot of grief for the
pretty young girl since 'beaver' was a common slang word which meant both a
female person and a female's genitals.
     Mac reached the bottom of the tiers and turned to face the class again and
realized with a start that Eager had crossed her legs in the figure 4 or very
open way that boys usually use and girls seldom use.  He moved to his left a
half step to improve the angle, and as he got into perfect alignment, Eager
reached down under the desk top.  She pulled the side of her skirt up better
than halfway up her thigh, and scratched an itch lazily. Mac almost gasped
aloud for the action allowed plenty of light to filter through and illuminate
her crotch which was visible through the opening beneath her crossed leg.  Mac
could see a tremendous amount of skin, and strained to see her panties,
wondering what color they would be.  He couldn't tell what color panties she
was wearing although he felt he should be seeing directly to her triangle.
"Perhaps they are a tan or beige color and hence flesh like.  Her hair color is
dark enough that I should be able to see pussy hair if she isn't wearing any
panties," he thought.  The area was open to enough light that if she had been
wearing black or a bright color or even white, then he should have been able to
see a panty triangle.
     He stood still until she stopped scratching and returned her hand to the
desk top.  To his great joy, she made no effort to pull her skirt down from
where it had risen while she scratched. She lifted her head, so Mac looked her
in the eyes for a second, seeing something unusual, but not knowing exactly
what.  Then he looked away to check on the remainder of the class.  No one
seemed to be cheating and he could see no better prospect for pussy peeking so
he didn't walk anymore.  In a few seconds, he returned his gaze to Eager, and
she once again was staring at her paper.  This time, the amazing thing that
happened was that as Mac watched closely, she inserted her hand past an open
button in her blouse and in a half scratch, and half caress, grasped her
un-confined tit.  Then she gave the nipple a tweak and removed her hand.  Mac
felt his heart rate rise.  He wished that he had felt his cock rise, but Mac
had found that although he never had a problem getting a hard-on as a result of
direct sexual action or even porno movies and books and sometimes sexy
conversation, he had not had much of an inclination to get a hard-on with
simple squirrel shots or even in strip joints or topless bars. There had been
times when he was getting a good shot up a woman's dress and she had been
looking back at him when he had really wanted to have a hard-on or at least
part of one so that he could show her a buldge in his crotch.
     Eager uncrossed her legs and allowed them to spread slowly apart.  Her
short legs didn't press her knees up much to allow much of a view in the
uncrossed position, but the action didn't cause her skirt to fall back down.
Mac started to fantasize about doing something with her.  He had always want to
do something with one or maybe more of the young girls in his class, but had
not had any of them offer anything.  He wasn't about to make the first move and
risk his job, but he wondered what he would do if one offered to suck him off
for an 'A' or to fuck him or to let him suck her.  Or maybe to show him her
pussy and finger-fuck herself while he watched and jacked off in return for a
little better break on the curve.  But it hadn't happened yet, so he'd decided
he'd cross that crack when he came on it, or whatever the saying was.
     Eager seemed unaware that he was watching her so intently. Indeed, she
seemed unaware that anyone might be looking at her. She placed her hand in her
lap, and Mac was dismayed that the action forced her skirt to press down
between her legs to hide her crotch.  Then he watched in amazement as Eager
began to move her hand in her lap.  He realized suddenly that she was either
scratching an itch in her pussy or was slowly and gently playing with herself.
Although Mac barely noticed, Eager looked to her left and read the answer that
the student sitting next to her had just written.  She returned her gaze to her
paper, and lifted her pussy playing hand from her lap and placed her hand to
her lips. She rubbed the underside of her nose gently with her index finger and
Mac thought, "I'll bet she is smelling her finger to see if she can smell her
pussy where she was playing with it."
     Eager then reached down and tugged at her skirt and squirmed in the seat,
pulling her skirt about half way up her thighs on both sides, and then she
turned slightly in the seat and pulled her left leg up, putting her left foot
with her in the seat and raising her left knee high in the air.  She wrapped
her left arm around the knee and leaned her head on her knee and began to write
on her test.  Mac almost exclaimed aloud.  He stepped to his right and almost
fell off the tier.  From his new vantage point, Mac could see up Eager's dress
completely.  He realized that she had no panties on and with an unbelievable
rush, realized that the reason that he had not seen her pussy hair earlier was
because Eager had a completely smooth pussy.  Every hair had been lovingly
removed to leave behind a soft, silky mons punctuated by the slit of her cunt.
Eager seemed not to notice that her pussy was now so visible, and she turned
her head to the right and began to read the test of the student to her right.
As she read, she dropped her left arm from around her leg and her hand found
its way around the outside of her thigh and she touched her pussy gently with
her fingers.  Working her fingers back and forth, she pried apart the labia,
and Mac could see the gleam of reflected light from the moisture which was
trapped in her slit.
     Suddenly, Mac realized that he had been staring at her beautify pussy for
a long time and that he was practically holding his breath.  Quickly he looked
around and fortunately no one seemed to be looking at him.  When he returned
his gaze to Eager, he noticed that she was reading the paper of the student to
her right, and still playing with her pussy.  She wasn't quite fingerfucking
herself, rather she was just sort of stroking her labia, and even seemed to be
ignoring her clit.  Mac couldn't decide what to do about her obvious cheating.
He couldn't allow her to do that, for while his ethics allowed him to fuck
around on his wife, they did not allow for cheating.  Yet, she was showing him
the prettiest pussy that he had seen since he was 14, and the events were
practically everything that he had been dreaming of.  He realized too that he
did in fact have a partial hard-on, caused mainly from watching her play with
her pusssy. Mac crossed to the desk, removed a piece of paper from his
briefcase, and wrote a note to Miss Beaver.
   "Dear Miss Beaver:", it began. "Please stay after the exam as I must have a
serious discussion with you."  Mac hesitated, then signed the note, "Prof.
McBride".  He folded it once and wrote "E. Beaver" on the outside.  He looked
up just as Eager took her leg down from the chair and his potential for a good
view went away.  Mac waited until there were only 10 minutes left in the exam
period, and then he walked up to Eager's desk and laid the note on the edge of
the desk.  Then he return to the front of the room and waited.  He wondered why
he had gotten no more shots up any dresses.   Then he decided that after seeing
Eager's hairless pussy, any other shot would have seemed dull and perhaps he
just hadn't noticed.  Finally the bell rang, and all the students were up like
a shot.  They passed in front of Mac and handed him their papers.  Mac fancied
that one girl had sort of winked at him, but all that he could think about was
Eager still sitting in her desk.
     When everyone else had left, Mac steppep up on tier and stopped in the
spot where he had been standing when she was playing with her pussy.  "I'm
afraid that you have a problem, Miss Beaver," he began.  "You see, I saw you
looking on other peoples papers during the test."
     "Oh!" said Eager. "But I wasn't cheating.  I had already answered the
question and was just curious what Mark had to say on that question.  You can
look at Mark's paper.  You can see that none of my answers are like his.  I
also looked over here to the right to Dave's paper, but none of my answers are
like his either."
     "Then why were you reading them?  You were taking a chance on getting
thrown out of the class," Mac responded.
     "I get so turned on in this class," she replied.  "I love to read what
people write about their sex lives."
     "Oh, that must have been question one about when people thought it was
okay to have sex for the first time," Mac offered.
     "Yeah.  Mark said that he thought it would be okay to fuck when you are in
love, whether you are married or not.  Dave thought that you wanted to know age
to fuck, so he answered that he didn't think 18 was necessary that the age to
allow fucking should be about 15."  She looked pensive.  "I figured you wanted
some good shit, so I said any fuck without permission is bad, all of the rest
are okay, regardless of age, marriage status, or level of emotional attachment."
     "You really believe that?" asked Mac.
     "Sure, don't you?" she asked in return.
     "Well, sorta, I guess," Mac said.  "But it really is a little more
complicated than that.  But back to the point, what are we going to do about
this looking at other peoples papers?  I suspect other people saw you too."
     "Well, fuck 'em if they can't take a joke." she snapped. "Anyway, I wasn't
cheating, and if you'll read the tests, then you'll see.  Besides, I love
getting turned on in this class cause I don't have a class next hour, and I
often go jack-off cause I'm so turned on, and reading this shit from other
people turns me on."
     "Who are you going to jack-off?" Mac asked.
     "Myself, unless you want to do it for me to help you forget that you are
worried about nothing."  Eager smiled coyly as she said the last part.
     "I thought the term 'jack-off' referred to what guys do," Mac said.
     "It does," she replied.  "But some of my girlfriends and I decided that
the terms works pretty well for us too, and is easier to say than 'fingerfuck
myself till I cum'."
     "Um, okay." Mac said.  "Wait! What did you say about my helping you?"
     "I just thought," she said, "that you are such a sexy guy and all and
perhaps you'd like to help me get off.  You contributed a lot to getting me
horney, talking about the 'techniques of oral sex' and all like you do."
     "I shouldn't do anything with you," Mac said, but his cock gave him away
and performed as he had always dreamed.  As the image of touching that smooth
pussy and feeling the soft skin of her inner labia floated across his mind, his
hard-on returned with a definite buldge for Eager to notice.  And she did
notice. She rose from the desk, and faced Mac.  She was so short that they
stood eye to eye and she was up two tiers.
     "I can tell that your body is interested," she said with a sly grin.
"Come on, I owe it to you so that you can quit worrying about my looking at
other people's papers."
     She came down the tiers and stood next to Mac.  She reached out her hand
and touched his hard-on through his pants.  Mac felt his cock give an answering
jump at the heat of her touch.  Mac knew he was going to give in.
     "Let's go to your office," she said as she rubbed the front of his pants.
Mac walked slowly backwards toward the desk. Finally he bumped in it, almost
falling over backwards.  Eager giggled but continued to stroke his cock.  Mac
closed the exam papers into his briefcase and locked the case's locks.  Then he
and Eager left the classroom.  Eager finally removed her hand from his cock as
they went out the door.


Transfer Successfully Completed.  (240 cps avg.)

(56