Archive-name: Affairs/ebony01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ebony Confessions Vol. 1
Also-archived: Series/ebony01.txt


                     "The Black Experience."

     I recently had sex with someone other than my husband for
the first time.  What bothers me is that it was by far the most
exciting experience of my life.
     I am a forty-year-old mother of two sons.  I have been
married for nineteen years to a wonderful, caring and loving man.

Before we had children, Frank liked to take nude photos of me. 
We have a very large scrapbook of me in steamy poses from fully
clothed to butt naked.  That book has been hidden in the basement
for years.  I must admit that I have been able to maintain my
figure.  I may not be quite as firm as I was, but I am still a
size six.
     Recently, my older boy, James, who is eighteen, invited a
friend, Richard, to spend the night.  He is living with an aunt
and uncle who are his legal guardians.  Richard is a little older
than James, and his originally from Jamaica.  It seemed a little
strange having a black man in our home.
     Frank was taking the boys to the Baseball Hall of Fame for
the weekend.  Richard was supposed to go along but,
unfortunately, his uncle called and said he needed him to help
with some family matter.  He could not pick Richard up until
saturday night as he would be away on business until late Friday.
     After Frank and the boys left for the weekend, Richard and I
had dinner.  After dinner he helped me clean up.  We then watched
some TV and chatted.  He is a bright, outgoing young man.  About
eleven o'clock, Richard said goodnight and went up to bed.  I
watched the news and then went upstairs to straighten up the
bathroom.
     The bathroom had adjoining doors to my younger son's room
and to the guest room.  While cleaning the room, I heard what
sounded like panting coming from the guest room.  The door was
slightly ajar and I peeked in.  richard was lying on top of the
covers totally nude.  He was leafing through a somewhat familiar-
looking scrapbook, and was stroking the largest, hardest cock I
had ever seen.
     I knew I shouldn't, but I just kept staring at Richard
playing with his huge black cock.  I realized that he had found
the scrapbook of my nude pictures and that he was masturbating to
my naked shots.  The thought of this young black man being so
excited by my naked body really made me hot!
     I had never harbored thoughts of infidelity, but I was now
actively imagining how his huge black rod would feel as it slid
in and out of my cunt.  all of a sudden, richard asked, "Who's
there?"
     From inside the bathroom I called, "It's me," and I entered
the room.  He had just managed to pull the covers across his
erect manhood.  However, the scrapbook was on the floor.
     "Where did you find this?" I said in feigned anger.  "While
putting away the boxes, I came across it," he said in a cute
ashamed and embarrassed tone.
     "I'm really embarrassed.  Those photos were taken by my
husband many years ago.  They were not meant for public
consumption."  "That's a shame," he replied.  "You certainly have
a beautiful body."  I don't know what was coming over me, but I
was getting highly excited.  In fact, I was even getting wet
between my legs.  Those pictures were taken almost twenty years
ago.  Richard eyed me lasciviously and said I still looked great.
     "You were jacking off over my nude pictures, weren't you?" I
asked.  With that, Richard removed the covers, exposing his
shiny, hard black weapon I had been staring at in secret only
moments ago.  As much as I wanted to leave, I couldn't.  My eyes
were riveted on this young man's incredible tool.  My cunt was on
fire as I slowly unbuttoned my blouse and removed my bra.  I kept
gazing at his rod and mumbled "It's beautiful," between my now
heavy breathing while I slowly began to grab and squeeze my tits.

richard got off the bed and grabbed me, sucking a nipple into his
eager mouth.  At that moment, more than anything in this world, I
wanted to be used just as a sex object by this beautiful black
man.
     I reached between his legs and fondled his large, hairy
balls as he continued to feed at my breasts.  Soon, his hand was
inside my panties, rubbing my buttocks.  I removed my panties and
stood before this black adonis totally nude.  Whatever I had
denied my husband sexually, I could not deny Richard.
     I kissed my way down his smooth chest, stopping to suck on
his nipples.  I licked his stomach and was soon on my knees, my
nose inhaling the manly aroma of his pubic hair, my fingers
squeezing and rubbing his hard black ass.  I craned my neck and
sucked his balls into my mouth, all the while exploring his
asshole with my finger.  I kissed the length of his steel-hard
black shaft, every rippling vein explored with my hungry mouth
and lapping tongue.  I passionately kissed his massive, mushroom
head and prodded his peehole with my tongue.
     When I felt his balls tighten in my hand, I knew I was going
to taste semen for the very first time.  He shot gobs and gobs of
his rich, creamy goo into my mouth.  I sucked and swallowed
furiously.  I sucked him until every drop had been milked from
his gorgeous black cock.  I then let him out of my mouth and just
held his empty balls in my hand as I watched his penis, coated
with my saliva, shrink as the mushroom head ducked back into his
foreskin.
     I had never seen an uncircumcised penis before.  The sight
caused me to take him back into my mouth and suck with renewed
passion until he once again was hard.  I then begged Richard to
give me all of his hard black cock in my hot white pussy.  He
mounted me and with his first thrust, I reached an orgasm plateau
I had never known before.  I had multiple orgasms while he
pounded that black beauty home.  Richard told me he wanted to
cream in my asshole as he pulled out and turned me on my belly. 
I buried my face in his pillow as he buried his massive black
staff in my virgin asshole.  After some discomfort, he had me
moaning in ecstasy as he pumped that uncircumcised black wand of
pleasure in and out of my asshole.  I reached down and fondled
his nuts as he spurted his load deep into my bowels.
     I spent the night sucking every inch of Richard's body.  I
couldn't get enough of his cock or cum in my mouth.  I even
reamed his hairy black ass and loved every lewd lick.  I let him
fill my cunt with his hot love juice.  I came so many times I
couldn't even venture a guess.  We fucked in every position
possible.  When his uncle called say he would pick him up in an
hour, I wasted no time in giving my black lover a blow-job he
would not soon forget.
     How can I now go back to the gentle, yet boring sex I have
with my husband after "the black experience?"  I have become
hooked on beautiful black cocks...Richard has used his
outstanding welcome to our house many times!

--
