Archive-name: Casual/ebony03.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ebony Confessions Vol. 3
Also-archived: Series/ebony03.txt


                     "A Warm Winter's Night"

     My name is George and I'm a six-foot-two, black, long-
distance trucker.  I own an eighteen-wheeler and haul various
items between Atlanta and Chicago.
     When I arrived at the motel I usually stay at just north of
Indianapolis on I-65, it was snowing and the road was so slippery
I was glad to park my rig and get off the road.  I was looking
forward also to having a good fuck with Milly, the motel's night
manager.  Milly is one of those white women who likes to be
fucked by a big, ebony log, and I'm just the guy to supply one!
     I was disappointed when I was greeted at the desk by a tall
redhead.  "I'm George from Atlanta.  I believe you are holding a
room for me," I said.  "Yes sir, we are holding your usual room
for you.  It sure is a nasty night out there, ain't it?"  she
replied.
     "It sure is and I'm glad to be off the road.  By the way,
where is Milly tonight?"  "Milly's kid is sick, so she took the
night off.  But she's told me a lot about you.  I'm Terry , the
day manager, and I'm working her shift tonight," she said in a
sultry voice, and her hand brushed mine when she took my
registration card.  "I hate to think about driving home with all
the snow on the highway, but all the rooms are taken" she said.
     "I'm willing to share my room with you.  You can sleep in
the second bed," I volunteered.  "It will take me about a half
hour to close up, and if I decide to accept your offer, I will
come to your room," she said, as she handed me the key to my room
and gave my hand a light squeeze.
     "Sounds great to me," I replied quickly.  I picked up my bag
and walked next door to my room.  Once in the room, I opened my
bag, took out a bottle of Jack Daniels, got out of my clothes and
headed for the shower.  While in the shower, I mentally thanked
Milly for her word-of-mouth advertising for bringing me another
horny white woman.
     I had just put my pants back on when I heard Terry at my
door.  When she came in, she said, "It's a blizzard out there. 
Those snowflakes are as big as cornflakes.  Anyone would have to
be crazy to drive in this storm."  "Have a drink, it will warm
your innards," I said as I handed her a glass of Jack Daniels.
     After we sat around and talked a while, Terry said, "George,
will you excuse me while I take a shower.  I've been in these
clothes all day and I'm feeling really crummy."  I offered to
wash her back.  As she went into the bathroom, she turned and
said, "I'll call you when I'm ready."
     I poured myself another drink and turned the covers down,
because I knew it was just a matter of time until I was going to
ball this sexy redhead.  I waited until I heard the water running
in the shower.  Then I took my pants off, walked naked into the
bathroom and pulled the shower curtain back.
     This long-legged redhead had a body that was built for
fucking.  she had slim, tapered thighs and firm, upright melons
with apple-blossom pink nipples and a hairless pussy with swollen
cunt lips that glistened like jewels as the water from the shower
drenched her body.
     My cock was already iron-hard when I stepped into the shower
and took Terry into my arms, drawing her body close.  "Oh,
George, Milly told me you had a big cock, but I thought she was
exaggerating.  You don't have a cock, you've got a Louisville
Slugger!  I don't know if I'm built big enough to take it, but
I'm eager to try," she said as she held my hard tool with both
hands.
     We soaped each other's body, then our hands explored every
inch and crevice of our soapy bodies.  I was sucking her nipples
and fingering her hole as she squirmed and moaned, while babbling
that she had been waiting for me to arrive all day.
      I fingered her hole until she was begging me to taker her
to bed.  When we finally dried off, I scooped her into my arms
and carried her to the bed.  I asked her if she wanted to mount
my cock or if she preferred to get fucked doggie-style.
     "I like big cocks, and even though yours is the largest I
have ever seen, let's try doggie-style first."  She got into
position her knees and elbows and lifted her ass in the air.  Her
hairless pussy was juicy and quivering for action.
     I pushed my pulsating knob against her swollen cunt lips and
gave a gentle shove until the head of my ebony log eased into her
tight hole.  She let out a small whimper as I pushed more in, and
then she was backing up against my pubic area telling be to give
it all to her.  It took her a couple of minutes to get used to my
ten-inch log, and then we started fucking like a couple of alley
cats, squealing, grunting, and crying out in ecstacy.  My joy
pole was slamming into her love hole like a piledriver, and she
was bucking her ass to meet my every thrust.
     My cockhead could feel her hot juices exploding as she
experienced her orgasms.  When I shot my wad into her hole, I
swear her screams could be heard a block away.  Her beautiful
body thrashed and trembled for a good minute until she collapsed
from exhaustion.
     I didn't get back on the road until eleven o'clock the next
morning when the snowplows cleared the interstate.  Terry and I
had fucked and sucked all night until we were too exhausted to
move.  i think we both had about two hours sleep before it was
time to get up and get down to earth.
     She told me she was going to talk to Milly and see if we
could have a threesome on my net trip.  I told her I would be
looking forward to seeing them both next time.    Fucking two
white women in the same bed will be a new experience for me, but
it will be an experience I will be looking forward to.
     Black pussy is super, but I like to vary my diet with a
little white meat.

--
