	EBONY AND IVORY
		  by Ann D

	Ashley had a troubled night.  Sleep just wouldn't
come.  It was rare that she wasn't out like a light as soon as
she hit the sheets.  After eight months of the grueling
schedule here at the Northbridge Nursing Academy, she was
usually exhausted long before the midnight chimes, of which
if she  was lucky heralded bedtime.  Last night had been
different, last night she had gotten into a late night study
session with Misty Jackson.  If you had to pick two woman
on this campus further apart, It would be Misty Jackson and
Ashley Fitzgerald.  
	Ashley Fitzgerald was 18 yrs old, the daughter of
one of those old southern families who acted like the
Confederacy still existed in this year of our lord, 1986.  Five
six with long shoulder length blonde hair, Ashley had
flawless  white skin and a modest 34-22-32 figure.
	Misty Jackson, on the other hand, was  a 39 yr old
retired Army Nurse who was
 taking a few advanced courses at the school over the
summer.  She'd grown up in one of the poorer areas of New
York City and had enlisted in the Army on her 18th
birthday.  Trained as a Nurse, Misty'd spent three separate
tours in Vietnam during the war.  After that she had stayed
on and retired last year as a Lieutenant Colonel.  The other
major differences between the two was that Misty was as
black as the night and had a well endowed  form that rivaled
that of a twenty five year old, thanks to 20 yrs of an army
routine.
	As the hour grew later and later, each of the other
girls dropped out until only Ashley and Misty were left.  It
wasn't the subject matter that held Ashley, it was a strange
attraction to the older woman.  She couldn't understand it. 
Except for a few months during her teen years, she'd never
had any attraction for women, especially not one this
old.......or this black.  Then again, she'd never had the
change to know a black woman except as some of the hired
help.
	Finally, as the clock tower chimed one, Misty said
that since they'd outlasted everyone else they'd better call it
a night.  She noted that Ashley didn't seem to have he mind
much on the work anyway.  Better to get a good nights
sleep. If she was really interested, they could meet in the
morning, tomorrow being Saturday, and make a fresh look
at the material.  Caught off guard, Ashley had agreed.

	Sleep finally came and Ashley spent the night with
visions of dark creamy breasts filling her dreams. When she
awaked she was shocked to discover that she was covered
with sweat .  The she realized that her light blonde mound
was damp from more than just sweat.


	Before Ashley had a chance to spend too much time
dwelling on the matter, a  sharp knock at the door 
interrupted her.  Her eyes darted to the empty bed next to
her, she then remembered that her roommate had gone
home for the weekend.
	"Come in....." she said as she sat up and swung her
legs over the side of the bed.
	The dorm room door swung open and in walked
Misty Jackson with a breakfast tray covered with tea and
danish. 
	"I waited for you at the cafeteria until nine, " Misty
said as she walked in.  Then I figured I'd kept you up too
late last night.  So rather than have you miss breakfast, I
thought the least I could do was drop you off something to
eat.

	The white girl smiled at the black woman and ran
her fingers through her long blonde hair one last time,
wiping the last of the cowwebs from her mind.
	"Good morning Misty." she said.  
	"Good morning,  Ashley," the nurse maid said in
return. And she smiled. And there was that twinkle again,
that knowing and magical look that made Ashley's cunt
quiver with excitement.
	Misty carried the tray to the little table beside the
bed and put it down.
	"Should I pout some tea?" she asked, being the
perfect servant.
	"Yes, please," the white girl said with a grin. Misty
poured some of the hot tea out of the little pot and into a
cup.  She added the sugar and the milk. 
	"How did you sleep,  Ashley?" she asked , as she
stirred the drink.". 
	"Very well, thank you, Misty." she said, hoping it
wasn't too obvious a lie.
	The black woman handed Ashley the tea.
	"Do you have time to sit down and talk to me for a
few moments?" the white girl asked.  I feel the need for a
little company this morning."
	"Certainly,"  Misty said.
	She sat on the edge of the bed and moved her leg up
on the bed, knowing that Ashley could see her little, white
panties that way.  She wanted the white girl to see her
panties, for she wanted to let the girl know that she was
willing to give her any kind of company she desired on this
lazy,  summer morning.
	"How did you sleep last night, Misty?" Ashleyd
asked, sipping her tea.
	"Oh, just fine,  Ashley," the black woman said with a
grin. "I always sleep just fine because I work real hard to
make sure my conscience is clean."
	You mean you never do anything wrong? Ashley
asked with a quick smile.
	"I mean, I never do anything  that I am ashamed of."
	And Misty smiled too.
	"You know no shame?" Ashley asked.
	"I only know that I've see too much in my life to let
anything stand in the way of whatever happiness I can find." 
the black woman said, " and anything that  I do that brings
me enjoyment is good for me - and good for the other
person involved too."
	"Very interesting," Ashley said, sipping again on her
hit tea, feeling the heat run through her body and knowing
that the heat didn't just come from the tea.  "Very
interesting philosophy that you have , Misty."
	The black woman laughed.
	"I guess you could say that I "m just a hedonist,"
Misty said, "but I enjoy it and I don't hurt anyone. So the
lifestyle is right for me.
	Ashley set her cup on the table beside the bed.
		
	"I agree with you, Misty," she said, "I guess that
must make me a hedonist too."
	
	The two smiled at each other, both realizing they
were at an awkward moment.  Each yearned for that first
touch, but each hesitated in case they were wrong.  Finally
Ashley moved, reaching out with a trembling hand and
touching Misty's firm breast.  The black woman smiled and
reached out and touch the white girl's breast.
	"I've been wanting to do that since the beginning of
the semester, "  Misty said softly.
	"You are magical, Misty,"  Ashley said in a husky,
sexy voice as she squeezed the dark breast.
	"Magical?"
	"Yes, magical.  I've never done anything like this
before in my life, yet at this moment it seems so right."
	Misty's reply was only an increase in her smile.
	"I want to see you naked." Ashley said excitedly.
	"I want to see you naked too, Ashley..."
	Misty pulled to white girl into her arms and kissed
her softy on the lips.  Then the kiss became  harder and
more passionate.  Ashley put her arms around Misty's body
as the two opened their mouths and let their tongues run
from mouth to mouth. Back and forth in feverish and
anxious lesbian desire. 
	Ashley felt Misty's magic move into her body.  The
white girl gave up her body to the black woman, offering  it
as a sacrifice to lust.  She wanted only to please Misty and
in turn to be pleased by her.  Somehow, deep in her soul,
Ashley knew that this was what she had been yearning for,
the dark forbidden love that would bring her fulfillment as
none of the boys back home had done.
	Misty took her lips from the white girl's mouth and
kissed her soft skin, licked her white face with her cool red
tongue and gave the girl a new feeling that she had never
experienced before.
	"Oh, Misty," Ashley moaned.
	"Lets get naked so I can love you," the ebony nurse
suggested.
	"Yes, oh yes,"  the white girl murmured in
agreement. "Lets get naked and do it.  Love me good, and
slow...and nice." 
	"Nice"
	"Nice"
	Ashley was wearing a light nightgown that hung
from her body by a pair of shoulder straps made of light,
flimsy material.  Misty brushed those straps from the white
girl's shoulders and let the nightgown move down Ashley's
soft, young skin.  Her firm, white breasts with the pink
nipples were soon exposed to the black girl's passionate
eyes.
	Ashley's tits were full and sweet and Misty ran her
lips down them slowly, letting the white girl wait a bit
before Misty got to the ultimate place of nourishment, to
the little pink nipples that were already beginning to turn
bumpy and hard with excitement.
	Finally, Misty kissed one of those nipples. Ashley
sighed and lifted her tit up with her hands so that the black
woman could more easily suck on the pinkness that was
there, waiting for her lips.
	 Misty stuck out her tongue and ran it around the
pinkness of the nipple.  Then she put her lips on that pink
circle and closed them tightly around the good spot and
began to suck with ecstasy and excitement.
	Misty had made love with other women before,
white, black, yellow and brown.  She had always been open
for any experience in life.  But she had never made love to a
young girl who seemed to want it as badly as Ashley did. 
Misty sensed as she sucked the nipple that Ashley was
trying to turn this little morning love feast into something
special in her soul, something that she could forever cherish.
If so, Misty was more than happy to help.
	As Misty sucked on the nipple, Ashley reached out
and ran her sift hands over the woman's head and down her
back.  She wanted to see her lover naked.  She wanted to
see that black, satin skin, shining in the morning sun, shining
with sweat and lust and human and animal excitement all
mixed up in the blackness that was Misty.
	She wanted to see it all.
	Gently, Ashley pushed Misty back and the black
woman let the nipple escape from her lips as she moved
back.  She knew the white girl wanted something a little
different now.
	She sat back on the bed and let Ashley run her hands
up and down her body, felling her skin while it was still
covered by her blouse and skirt.  Then Ashley  slowly undid
the small buttons that ran down the front of the blouse with
her trembling fingers and watched in ecstasy as each piece
of exposed black flesh came into view.
	"Oh Misty," she sighed when she reached the next to
last button. "You are so sexy."
	"You are sexy too, Ashley" Misty said as she looked
at the white girl's exposed breasts .  "very sexy and very
beautiful."
	Finally all the buttons were done, and with a quick
zip the skirt followed Misty's blouse on the floor. Ashley
now had a clear look at Misty's body, covered only by her
white lacy bra and even lacier white panties. She too a
couple of deep breaths when she saw that body and then she
touched the soft black skin with her white hands, touched
her ribs and stomach, feeling the magic grow in her own
flesh, the magic and the fever of young , female lust.
	Ashley put her hands on Misty's shoulders and
brought the sexy, black woman forward for one more kiss.
	This kiss wasn't soft.  If was hard and filled with
passion - passion that came from both mouths, from both
souls, both black and white. As they kissed, Misty cupped
Ashley's bare breasts in her hands and felt them softly as
they heaved there with the white girl's heavy breathing, with
her lust.
	As they kissed, Ashley put her arms around Misty
and felt the little snap in the back of her bra.  She fingered
the bra and loosened the stay there easily, so easily that the
black woman hardly knew what was happening.  When the
two females broke apart, the bra came off and Misty's
breasts, firm, full and peaked by sweet, black, silver dollar
sized crowns  captured Ashley's view.
	The older black woman had sucked her tits. Now it
was Ashley's turn at those black fountains of delight.  Like
Misty, she started by kissing the shoulders and running her
tongue up the girl's neck, capturing the little beads of sweat
that hung there. Then she kissed and licked her way down,
taking her time, although she was anxious to find out what
if black tits tasted like those in he dreams.  
	But Ashley took her time and waited for a few
seconds before she finally kissed one of the ebony nipples
that stood there, beckoning her like a searchlight in the fog.
	The nipple tasted sweet and natural and a bit musty,
like something she would find in the woods back home. 
Like something that had been put there just for her benefit. 
Ashley ran her tongue around the nipple and closed her lips
around it, kissing it and sucking on it with pleasure and
desire.
	And Misty was filled with pleasure too.  As her
young white lover sucked on her nipple, she ran her hands
through the girl's long blonde hair and moved them down
Ashley's bare back, letting her fingers run lightly over the
girl's tingling spine and feeling that same tingle invade her
own body.
	But then it was Misty's turn to move away and stop
the sucking of her tittie.  Ashley gave into her willingly,
knowing that the black and white pleasure had just begun.
	Misty stood up beside the bed and moved her white
panties down her firm, black legs.  Moving them slowly as
to tease the white girl who lay there so anxious to see her
black bush.
	But Ashley was willing to wait, and in a few seconds
saw that bush, that beautiful tightly cropped hair, and that
little slit that was between Misty's legs.  She licked her lips
in anticipation, bringing a smile once more to Misty.  She
was sure the girl had never eaten pussy before, but she
knew know she would have no problem guiding Ashley's 
mouth to her already wet black pussy.  In fact she didn't
even have to guide it, Ashley couldn't wait to taste the dark
sweetness of Missy's cunt.
	Misty sat naked on the bed and spoke softly but
cheerfully to the white girl.
	"Now you." she said.
	Ashley jumped up and let the nightgown fall off her
body to the floor.  Her legs were firm too, and tanned by the
summer sun.  She was still wearing a pair of little, pink 
bunny panties that came with the nightgown.  She turned for
a moment and wiggled her 
ass at Misty.  Misty giggled at the sight and Ashley looked
over her  bare shoulder and giggled too as she slipped the
panties down her legs.  Her back was still turned to Misty
and the first thing that the black woman saw was the crack
in her little lover's ass. That round little ass looked so 
juicy,
like freshly baked bread.  And it was also tanned.  Misty
knew that Ashley must spent a lot of time sunbathing in the
nude to her buns so dark this early in the summer.
	The while girl stepped out of the panties and threw
them back over her shoulder at Misty.  The dark woman
caught them and out them to her nose, smelling the sweet
cunt wetness that was there.  Then she stuck out her tongue
and licked the juices, letting Ashley know that she too was
hot to make her new white lover the morning entree.
	Ashley turned and spread her legs triumphantly,
moving her white, trembling hands down the length of her
sexy body.  She moved two fingers into the folds of her cunt
and moaned as she felt the heavy wetness there.
	Misty watched her lover and as she watched leaned
back on the bed and spread her own  black legs, moving her
own red tipped fingers into her dark hole.  Matching
Ashley's motions, she soon matched her moans.
	The went on for a few moments, both happy with
their own mastubatory revels to passion.  Both grew even
more excited because they knew that they were together in
this lust, this finger-fucking fun.
	Then, cued as if by some unseen director, both girls
pulled their fingers from their now soaking cunts.  They
looked at each other and grinned.  Ashley stepped forward ,
moving toward the bed and the lover she had wanted for so
long.  Misty kept her legs spread, welcoming the white girl
into her body.
	Ashley put her arms out in front of her and fell into
the bed, catching herself on her hands and hanging there
over Misty's black and sexy body.  The white girl's tits hung
down low and rubbed against Misty's darker breasts.  Misty
cupped those tits in her hands and pushed them up so she
could bury her face in the softness that was Ashley's full
breasts.
	Then the white girl eased herself onto the black
woman's body and Misty lifted her legs high, keeping them
open.  She wrapped her legs around Ashley's back and held
the girl firmly in her grasp.  The two women  started to
hump each other, to feel their clits hardening and battling
each other in a pleasurable way. As they moved together,
Ashley lay her head next to Misty's and her long blonde hair
fell across the black woman's face.  Misty smelled that hair
and loved it, it was fresh like the morning.
	They started to sweat as they hunched each other so
furiously and they started to moan too, feeling their pussies
get wetter and wetter with the fever of the moment.  They
were both flooded with the fires of lesbian desire.  Misty
pursed her lips and kissed the hair.  She stuck out her
tongue and licked the blonde stands that fell over her
mouth.  Ashley put her arms to her black lover's neck and
kissed the side of Misty's face, blowing in her ear.  She ran
her tongue into that ear, letting it follow the little swirls
there, licking the droplets of sweat that collected behind it.
	Then with Ashley tight between her legs, Misty
began to turn her body, moving slowing until she was on
top.  When she was, she loosened her hold on Ashley's waist
and the white girl lifted her legs and put them around
Misty's firm, black body.  The humping then continued with
the sound of wet cunts beating each other with joy, and the
sounds of moaning and pleasant whimpering.
	The two women moved with each other, playing
with each other's bodies, running their hands over black and
white skin.  And the difference in color did matter.  It
mattered to both of them, especially Ashley, who now
realized she had wanted to taste black female skin for years. 
And her passion for Misty's blackness made the black girl
more passionate too.  Misty linked her passion with the
sight of Ashley's sweating, white body that was churning
under hers with so much anxious love.
	Finally, after what seemed like hours,  they broke
apart and Misty rolled off Ashley's heaving body.  They
moved on the bed, to the center and lay next to each other,
kissing and touching each other's bodies until one of them
thought of what they could do next.
	It was Misty, with a lifetimes experience,  who had
the lusty thought.  She started to work her way down
Ashley's body, kissing it and licking the perspiration that
was there, knowing that it was her perspiration too, her
black skin had been that close to the white skin of her lover.
She sucked on the small pink nipples for a few seconds,
then she licked and kissed her way across the tanned
stomach as Ashley lay there moaning and thrashing about,
knowing in her soul what Misty was going to do, where she
was headed.
	Her ebony lover paused again to run her tongue into
Ashley's little navel, and as she licked that special place, 
she
put her dark finger in another special place, moving it easily
into Ashley's cunt.  The cunt that had known cocks but had
never known anything this, like this pleasure that it had
received at the touch of a black woman  -  a pleasure that
would only grow.
	Misty worked the finger deeply unto the soft pink
pussy, moving the finger around and around.  Feeling both
Ashley's dampness and her heat, Misty began to move it
quickly , like a cock, fucking Ashley in a wonderful way. 
Then Misty took her tongue from Ashley's navel and ran it
through the light hair above the girls pussy, licking that hair
and blowing on it.  Making it damp and cool, even though
the girl's pussy was hot and ready to explode with passion.
	When Misty was ready,  she moved quickly on the
bed, putting her face between Ashley's legs as she stretched
those legs out and held them out with her hands.  Then she
moved her red and quick tongue across the folds  of  her
pussy.  She felt Ashley shiver with delight and lust.
	"Yes, Misty, eat me,"  Ashley moaned. "Lick my
white pussy."
	Ashley reached down with her own hands and
spread the pussy lips apart.  Without hesitation, Misty dove
in.  She lapped at the young and sweet thing, moving her
tongue quickly and deeply into Ashley.  Then she brought
the tongue up and hit the clit, causing sparks to fly through
Ashley's shaking body.
	Misty ran her tongue against Ashley's clit, striking it
with a feverish feeling that made Ashley feverish too. 
Feverish with desire for more from this black woman's
tongue.  And Misty was willing to give more, for she knew
that Ashley would soon be between her own legs, returning
the favor with her own soft tongue.
	Misty took the hardening clit between her lips and
sucked on it. She sucked and chewed and bit on the piece of
flesh and felt Ashley's body respond to each touch.  She
knew she was driving the white girl insane with orgasmic
feelings.  Looking up she studied Ashley as she sucked. 
Ashley was feeling her own breasts as she moaned, tossing
her head back and forth on the bed.
	Then in a burst of fire, Ashley came with sighs and
squeals.  As she came she took her hands off her tits and put
them on the back of Misty's head, pressing her head deep
into her pussy, telling her dark skinned lover not to stop
until she had come with all her fury.
	And then it was over.  Ashley relaxed and lay on the
bed in a twilight state of dreamy fulfillment.  Misty lifted 
her
lips from the clit and licked her lips, savoring one last time
the sweetness of her new lover.
	She smiled up at the white girl.  Ashley opened up
her eyes and smiled down at Misty.
	"Now you,"  she said in a whisper of love.  "Now I
want to eat you."
	"Yes...."  Misty purred. "I want you to do that"
	Misty crawled back up the bed like a lithe panther. 
Laying beside her young white lover, she took Ashley in her
arms and kissed her again.  Their mouths opened and their
tongues ran together.  Ashley could taste the sweetness of
her own cum within her black lover's mouth. For long
minutes they kissed lazily, savoring each other.
	Misty knew that the lust would grow into fire again
when Ashley began to eat her black pussy.  And Ashley
couldn't wait to eat out the black woman.
	The white girl had never tasted another woman's
cunt before, but she was anxious to taste Misty's.  To run
her tongue deep into the dark folds and taste the most
essential part of her lover.  And to Ashley, it meant a great
deal that her first woman would be a sexy black woman. 
	 Ashley kissed her ebony prize one last time before
starting her journey down Misty's chocolate form.  She felt
very young again, like an innocent and trusting girl . She
hadn't ever trusted any other lover, but she trusted Misty to
make this experience good for her.  She knew Misty's magic
would work wonders on her own spirit and passion.  Ashley
knew she had never and would never come with a man as
she had just done with this beautiful black woman.  This
was the feeling that had been missing from her life for so
long.
	"I love you...." Ashley said as she paused on her
downward journey.  "I just want you to know that.  I don't
know how I can ever repay what you've given me."
	"There's an easy way you can thank me."  Misty
replied.
	Ashley looked puzzled for a moment.
	The older woman spread her legs wide and pointed
to her open pussy and giggled.
	Ashley had to giggled too.  She had almost
forgotten.
	"I will thank you in that special way," She assured
Misty, " and I will make it very special for you"
	"I'm sure you will."
	Then Ashley began to move down Misty's hard, dark
body, kissing and licking the tits and smelling the oily
freshness of the black skin. Following Misty's example she
tongued out the little black navel. She moved her finger into
Misty's other black hole that was so sweet, so wet and so
inviting.
	She fingered that hole with a mighty movement of
her hand, touching all the parts of the black woman's cunt.
And then she moved to the cunt and lowered her face to the
pussy, kissing it for the first time.
	The aroma of sex and the taste of fulfillment almost
made her pass out with joy.  Ashley spread the dark lips
apart and moved her tongue into the deep cavern.  The
warmth of her mouth filled its hollow.
	She heard Misty moan and felt fingers running
through her long hair. She was in heaven.  No matter what
came in the future, this would always be the moment she
would look back upon as when she found the one true
happiness of her life.

END 
