
                   EDIE'S BIRTHDAY DRESS

                        by Ed Ventur


     The silver and white Boeing 747 screeched as it touched the
runway at the L.A. International Airport.  The sun was  half way
below the horizon, a big red ball disappearing into  the ocean
through the hazy sky.

     Edie White was amazed at the size of the city as she saw it
come into view.  The big jet crossed the San Gabriel Mountains 
and glided across the eastern valleys and the Los Angeles basin 
on its way to the busy airport.
   
     It seemed so long ago that she had left her parents' farm
house in western Nebraska.  Her parents had driven her to Denver
to catch the jetliner to Los Angeles where her aunt Sally was
waiting for her at the gate.

     "Aunt Sally!" she cried as she saw her, feeling a great
sense  of relief that she was there.  "I'm so happy to see you. 
I can't believe I'm in California.  

     "Edie, I'm so glad you are here.  We're going to have a
great time.  And a happy twenty-first birthday to you!"

     "Well, Aunt Sally, my birthday isn't until tomorrow," Edie
replied.

     "That's just fine," her aunt said, "That will give you a 
chance to get rested up for the big day."

     Sally was the youngest sister of Edie's mother and the last
time Edie had seen her was when she was only thirteen.  She
remembered how striking Sally was then, especially compared to
her parents who seemed so straight-laced and dowdy.  She seemed
even more so now, looking so tanned and vibrant.  She looked so,
well... sexy, she guessed was the word.

     "I'd like to be grown-up like you," Edie spurted, surprised
at her own words.

     "What in the world do you mean?" Sally asked.

     "I mean, you're so sophisticated.  You know how to dress and
how to take care of yourself.  You know how to get around. And
I...I," she stammered, "I really never have been anywhere or done
anything.  Here I am twenty-one years old and I've never even had
a boyfriend or anything."

     Sally was surprised by that.  Edie was quite a striking
young woman, standing about 5' 6" she guessed, with her mother's
gorgeous complexion and supple figure that was so attractive on
the young girl.  She was somewhat naive though, Sally could tell
that.  Her mother had had a rough life, losing her first husband,
Edie's father, in a car accident shortly after Edie       was
born.  She later met a married Edie's step-father, a nice man and
hard working, but very religious and straight-laced.

     They drove to Sally's home in the San Fernando Valley.  Edie
could not believe the view and got all excited with the lights of
Los Angeles, and then the San Fernando Valley as they drove north
on the San Diego Freeway.  She was more excited than she had ever
been before.  Nebraska seemed so far away.  This was really
something different.  It was sensual.

     Edie was surprised, upon wakening, that she had slept so
well. She put on her robe and walked into the kitchen.  The smell
of coffee was in the air and Sally was busy making an omelet.

     "Happy birthday!" she cried out, when she saw her niece.     
     "For your birthday present, I'm going to buy you some new
clothes. This afternoon we are going to my favorite shop.  An old
friend of mine, Paul, owns it.  I think you'll like him."

     "O, I'm sure I will Aunt Sally.  I don't know how to thank
you.  This is all like a dream come true."  Edie wondered what
she should wear on her shopping trip and decided to just wear a
pair of blue-jeans and a blouse.  Since she was in Los Angeles,
she thought she would be daring and wear a pair of high heels
with them, something she had seen the girls wearing.  It was
certainly not something that anyone would wear in rural Nebraska. 
   

     It was a beautiful sunny late afternoon when Sally and Edie
finally arrived at the Valley Parisian shop in the West Valley.
Sally introduced Edie to Paul, asking him to help her find an
outfit that would make Edie feel grown up and, now that she was 
twenty-one, sexy.

     Paul looked Edie up and down, his senses obviously pleased
with what his eyes saw.

     "Now, honey, I'm going to run an errand while you get
fitted.   Pick out anything you want.  Paul will help you.  He is
a good  judge of fashion," Sally said and then added, "and of
sexy women."   Sally gave Paul a tantalizing look and Edie
wondered what it meant.   She would be embarrassed to give a man
such a look.       
    
     Sally left and Paul selected two dresses off the shelf and
led Edie back to the dressing room.  The store had only two other
shoppers in it.  A sales lady was waiting on one of them while
the other was looking at some blouses on a rack.

     "Edie, Paul said quietly, "I want you first to try on this
blue dress.  The color is dramatic against your skin.  Edie was
surprised when he followed her into the dressing room.  She
looked up questioningly.

     "I want to see what kind of underwear you are wearing," he
stated simply and in a matter-of-fact fashion.

     Edie was shocked.  She didn't know what to say or do.  

     Sensing her confusion and innocence, he said to her, "I want
you to unbutton your blouse so I can see your bra."

     Edie was startled and her heart begin to beat at a much
faster rate.  She noticed that the change was not unpleasant.  
No one had ever seen her in her underclothes before.  It seemed
to her that she should protest, but Paul was so confident about
it all.  Suddenly it seemed perfectly natural that she should do
whatever this forty year old stranger, standing next to her in
the dressing room, wanted her to do.

     Slowly she reached up and unbuttoned her blouse.  "I dreamed
I was in the dressing room with a man in my Maidenform bra," she
thought to herself, feeling the thought to be ironic.

        Edie pulled her blouse open and Paul looked at her.  She
knew  that he could see a lot of cleavage and the top part of the
smooth,  firm skin of her breasts.  She felt her nipples begin to
harden  underneath the material.

     Paul said to her, "O, that will never do.  We will have to
get you something much more fashionable to go with the dress."
Give me your bra," he commanded.  

     Edie slipped her blouse from her shoulders and unhooked her
bra.  She half-turned from him and removed her bra and handed it
to him, feeling terribly self-conscious.  Without a word, he
disappeared from the booth.

     Edie didn't know what to do.  She pulled her blouse back
over her shoulder and slowly begin to fasten one of the buttons.
She looked at herself in the full length mirror and begin to play
nervously with her hair, when Paul returned with some lingerie 
in his hand.    
                   
     "Why are you getting dressed?" he asked her in a rather
puzzled voice.

     "Well, I...I," Edie began to stammer, not knowing what to
say.

     Paul handed her a flimsy pink bra with a matching pair of
panties, along with a pink garter belt.  He also handed her a
pair of sheer nylons.

     "Put these on before your try on the blue dress," he stated
with authority.  Once again he left the booth.

     Edie removed her blouse and stepped out of her blue jeans.
She was wearing a pair of plain white cotton panties.  She
noticed that the crotch was damp as she pulled them down her hips
and down her legs.

     First Edie hooked on her garter belt and then the new ultra-
sheer nylons to them.  She rubbed her belly and looked at her
pubic hair which was thick and curly.  She was a natural
brunette. She didn't know if she would be sexy to a man or not;
she had hardly even been on a date.

     She slipped on the pink panties that Paul had given to her
and noticed that they had a flared leg, which felt strange to her
and made her feel sexy and vulnerable.

     She put on her bra.  It was very flimsy and barely covered 
her nipples.  She looked at herself in the mirror and realized 
that she was a very alluring, supple young woman.  But she 
wondered where she would ever wear such delicate undies.  

     Edie pulled on the blue dress and the effect was stunning.
As she looked in the mirror, she had the sensation that she was
looking at a younger version of her Aunt Sally.  She wondered
briefly if her mother had ever looked this sexy.  She had not
seen her  mother dressed up for many years; she couldn't even 
remember the last time.   

     Edie opened the door and walked out of the dressing room.
Paul was standing near the woman who had been looking at blouses.
and when he saw Edie, he walked over to her.  "You look very
lovely," he stated simply.

     "Thank you," Edie replied.

     Edie was feeling very special when her aunt walked back into
the store.  "O, I see Paul has fixed you up," she said. "You look
simply marvelous!" she added.

     Paul said to Sally, "She is a very lovely young woman.  The
dress is stunning on her, but I also picked out lingerie to go
with the dress and with her lovely skin."

     With that Paul reached down to the front hem of Edie's skirt
and lifted it slowly up her leg, to the top of her nylons and
then to the pale brown spot of bare thigh that was naked except
for the garters which stretched to hold the nylons on her smooth,
shapely legs.  

     Edie was stunned but did not say a word or do anything. She
felt the flimsy material of her panties becoming wet and knew
that a pungent fragrance went with that wetness as well. She was
so embarrassed that she thought she would die.  She wanted him to
stop; she wanted to run out the door.  But she stood there frozen
as Paul continued to talk to her aunt.

     "She has lovely legs, which are accented by this sheer
nylon; this is a new color.  The sheerness and the color of the
material make her thighs look even more alluring, do they not?"

     Sally nodded as she looked on with a fascinated expression.
A new customer had entered the store and was looking at them all
with a look of some astonishment registered on her face.

     Paul continued to raise her dress so that her pink panties
were clearly visible to all, and then slowly raised it even
further until it was up to the waistband of her panties.  

     Edie suddenly lost her composure.  She was aware of the
wetness in her crotch and knew that the spot on her panties was
visible to all.  She was also aware of her aroma and knew that
all would be able to smell her sex.

     She stood there frozen for some few seconds and then began
to cry softly.  Her body did a slight shake from a sob and she
suddenly realized that she was wetting her panties.  A liquid
darkened the front of her panties and began to dribble down her
leg.  The shopper across the room held her hand up to her mouth,
an even more astonished look on her face.

     Sally didn't say anything, but Edie noticed that she put one
of her hands on her crotch and kind of rubbed it.

     Paul let go of Edie's dress and gravity made it fall to her
knees.  She turned and ran to the dressing room.

     Paul followed her into the room.  Edie was sobbing.  Paul
put his arms around her and held her.  Edie continued to sob for
a few moments and then suddenly turned up her head and kissed him
passionately on the mouth.  Then she pushed him back and reached
down to the hem of her skirt and pulled it up to where Paul had
held it.  It was an emotional, impulsive move.  Her hormones had
taken over.

     There was a bench in the dressing room.  Paul pushed her
back gently and she sat back on it, her legs in the air and
spread apart.  

     Paul, in one motion, put his face on her thigh and ran his
tongue up the flared leg of her panties.  His tongue found the 
lips of her hot, liquid pussy and Edie let out an orgasmic 
scream.  She didn't care; she wasn't even aware that she had 
screamed.

     Paul stood up, took out his handkerchief and rubbed off his
mustache and his mouth.  Calmly he walked out of the dressing
room.  Sally stood outside the door looking flushed.  All of the
customers and the sales lady were all looking at him.

     "We aim to please," he said calmly, as if that explained
everything perfectly.  And, the woman who had simply been
astonished            fainted dead away.



                          The End


     If you enjoy the quality, erotic writing of Ed Ventur, write
for our complete list:  

                    J un K Puplishing 
                    P.O. Box 22351
                    San Francisco, CA 94122


