		Letters to the Editor
		By Ruth Moore
		(c) 1995



Dear Editor,

I never thought I'd be writing to your magazine, but something 
happened recently that I think your readers may be enjoy reading 
about (I know I enjoyed having it happen). Let me tell you a little 
something about myself first. I am a StarFleet pilot, currently 
posted to the USS _Voyager_, on patrol in the Delta Quadrant. I am 
young, attractive and considered by my lady friends to be rather 
well endowed.

I was coming off shift one evening and found myself passing by the 
ship's Stellar Cartography Section. I admit that I was hoping to 
catch a glimpse of the lovely Smith (not their real name, of course) 
sisters. These two gorgeous women had been flirting with me for a 
few weeks and I was ready to take things a little further. I was in 
luck; they were alone in the dimly lit lab. They seemed to be very 
glad to see me.

Let me describe these two amazing women. They're identical twins, 
blonde, slender, with breasts that appear to defy gravity. They have 
lovely green eyes and every man on the ship is fascinated by them. 
Well, lucky me, they both seem interested in yours truly.

After I came in to the lab, Sandy strolled up to me, licking her 
lovely pouting lips. "Oh Ted (not my real name, of course) we're so 
glad you showed up. We just have to finish one more spectral 
analysis and then...maybe we can party."

Her sister Susan, moved in and took my arm, rubbing against me like 
a cat. "We were hoping you'd drop by, we've been lonely all day."

Looking into her emerald green eyes, I thanked God for my good luck. 
"I'll be glad to try to keep you ladies entertained," I said.

They quickly finished their research and I waited for them to close 
up the lab. "Oh no," Sandy said. "We want to show you the light 
show. But hang on, first..." She engaged the privacy lock on the 
door and then went to a cabinet. When she returned to the table in 
the middle of the lab she had a box in her hands. Intrigued I moved 
closer to her. Opening the box, she revealed a bag of high-grade 
weed and a pack of rolling papers.

"We're both a little old fashioned," Susan said as Sandy rolled a 
nice fat doobie. "We come from Bolinas." Sandy lit the joint and we 
passed it around. Susan began to giggle and moved over to a control 
panel. 

"Look!" she said plunging the room into darkness. All around us the 
holographic projectors kicked in and we appeared to be floating in a 
ea of stars. Suddenly there was music all around us, something 
classical. " The Grateful Dead," Susan explained at my look of 
curiosity. I heard a rustling noise to my left and turned to see 
Sandy stripping out of her uniform. In the dim light of the 
starfield, her magnificent body looked truly splendid. She was 
an old fashioned girl indeed; she was wearing a white lace teddy 
that showed off her incredible breasts quite well.

"God," I said. "you look great." She smiled and moved into my arms, 
the smell of her perfume tickling my nostrils. Our mouths met and we 
kissed passionately. She backed off and began unfastening my 
uniform. Suddenly her hands were joined by another pair of hands and 
I turned to see Susan, dressed exactly like Sandy except her teddy 
was black lace. "Oh man, this is unbelievable," I said as she moved 
in for a kiss.

Meanwhile, Sandy had pulled my uniform off and was stripping  down  
my boxers (imagine my relief that I had decided against the Mighty 
Morphin' Power Ranger(tm) pair). "Oooo, Susan look at this. God, Ted 
I had no idea. We should have done this a long time ago. Yum yum 
yum..." Suiting her actions to her words she dropped to her knees 
and began running her tongue over my aching cock. "I don't know if 
this will fit in my mouth, Susan I may need some help here." Susan 
slid down my body and joined Sandy. Those two women proceeded to 
give me the blow job of a lifetime. They were amazing and before too 
long I was grabbing Sandy's hair and filling her mouth with love 
juice. Susan quickly moved to help her sister lap all of it up.

I quickly joined them on the floor, running my hands over those 
incredible bodies. Imagine having four amazing breasts within close 
proximity and you'll know how I felt! Although I had just cum, my 
cock was hard again in no time. Both girls had taken off their 
teddies and I quickly began to explore their magnificent bodies with 
my tongue. Their nipples were firm and they began to moan as I 
tongued their breasts. Moving down, alternating from twin to twin, I 
soon found myself with my face buried in Sandy's blonde pussy. She 
began to writhe as I explored her wet cunt with my eager tongue. 
Before long she began to scream; her long lean legs wrapped around 
my head.

"Hey! What about me?" Susan pouted. "Ted, are you ignoring me?" I 
quickly moved between her legs and gladly got to work. As I munched 
on her dripping pussy, I looked up to see Sandy expertly tonguing 
her twin's pert nipples. *Wow!* I thought. *These chicks are 
amazing!* I soon brought Susan to a shrieking climax.

As soon as I was done, Sandy rolled me over. She straddled my hips 
and slowly slid my dick into her eager snatch. She was tight and 
hot, really incredible. "Ohhh..." she moaned. "It's sooo big. God 
this is great!" She began to bounce up and down and Susan moved to 
sit on my face. I began to lick her while her twin rode my throbbing 
cock.  I was getting pretty close to my own orgasm when Sandy began 
wailing.  "OHHH GOD YESSSS..." 

She was still for a moment and I began to get worried, but Susan, 
moving off my face, explained, "Oh we tend to pass out when it's 
really good." Sandy moaned and leaned forward, covering my face with 
kisses. 

"Oh you're really good," she said breathily. "Ooooo Susan he tastes 
like you."She eased off my cock, which was still painfully erect. 
Susan quickly slid onto it and Sandy moved her hands between us, 
caressing my shaft and her sister's clit. I could feel Susan's cunt 
muscles tighten around me and I grabbed her hips and pulled her down 
onto me as I came, filling her tight pussy with my love juice. She 
started screaming and collapsed onto my chest.  

As we lay there panting,  Sandy snuggled up next to me and said, "So 
which of us is better." 

I laughed, "That's a hard call. I'll have to do a lot more research 
on the subject."

"Any time," they chorused as one.

I grinned and took them both in my arms. Who needs a Holodeck when 
there are babes like these?

Yours,
T. Paris
USS _Voyager_


The End
