Archive-name: Bondage/edtied.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ed - Tied Up


Part 1

     It had been a long, frustrating day at work.  Everybody had a
problem with everything.  Nothing was done right, done on time, or
done well enough to please anyone.  As Ed drove home from work, all
he wanted to do was grab a few groceries, get to the house, and relax
for awhile.  The only good thing about the day was that it was
Friday, and he wouldn't have to deal with the jerks and weenie-heads
for 2 whole days.  As he drove into the parking lot, he was
immediately pissed off that there were no spaces close to the door.
He parked as close as he could, walked into the grocery store, and
was pissed off again that it was crowded.  "Great," he thought, "now
I'll have to wait in line for the rest of the night".  He grabbed a
cart, and headed for the produce section.  As he started to look over
the lettuce, he noticed a woman standing a couple of feet away.  He
looked at her for a minute, and then found himself staring at her. 
He wasn't really sure why he was staring, other than there was
something about her that aroused him.  She wasn't terribly good
looking, although she was attractive, but there was something about
her that wouldn't let him remove his eyes.  He didn't know how long
he stared at her, but suddenly, she looked over at him and said "Why
are you staring at me?  Is there something wrong?"  How she knew that
he was staring at her was beyond him, and he really didn't know what
to say.  "Ummm...I'm sorry, I wasn't looking at you," was about all
he could blurt out.  "No?" she said.  "You have been staring at me
for at least the last 3 minutes."  "Well, excuse ME," Ed thought to
himself.  This is just what he needed at the end of this day - some
bitch yelling at him about something petty and frivolous.  "Look,
damnit," Ed said, "I wasn't staring at you.  Don't compliment
yourself by wishing that you were worth staring at."  Well, he'd
struck a nerve with that statement.  She walked over to him, and
planted herself about 2 inches in front of him.  "Obviously, you
haven't been trained in the proper way to treat a lady," she began. 
"You're the kind of person that has had a lousy upbringing, has no
respect for women, and should be taught how to conduct himself in a
proper and decent manner."  "Oh yeah," said Ed, "And just who do you
propose is the person that can do that?"  As Ed looked at her in semi
annoyance, he was now starting to realize what attracted him to her. 
She was about 5'11", and as Ed was a rather tall 6'3", he had always
liked tall women.  She had a very nice body, with small but well
shaped tits.  Her butt was the real catch.  It was one of those that
men spend all their time looking at.  Just enough to be plump and
soft, but not enough to be flabby, or out of proportion to the rest
of the body.  Her long blonde hair was silky and very shiny, and the
big brown eyes of hers had a kind of twinkle to them.  As Ed regained
his consciousness to the present, she had started telling him a few
things.  "I'm the person that can teach you the manners you need. 
You will come to my house tonight at 9:00 sharp.  Bring only
yourself, your toothbrush, and your desire to become a decent male of
the species."  With that, she handed him a business card, turned
away, and went to finish her shopping.
     
     Ed looked at the card as she walked away.  It was just a blank
card, with her name and address handwritten on the back.  "Denise,
huh," thought Ed.  "I hate that name."  Ed kind of dismissed the
whole thing as he wandered around getting the rest of his groceries. 
He didn't even see her again, as crowded as the store was.  Ed stood
in line for 30 minutes, pissed off that it could take so long to pay
for his groceries.  As he got in his car and drove home, he began to
think about what she had meant by 'training'.  He got to the house,
fixed his dinner, and then her face started creeping back into his
mind.  What was the deal?  Why was she occupying so much of his
mental time?  Ed had been mostly successful with women, usually
dumping them after he tired of them.  Ed had reached that point in
life where he didn't really need a woman around, but occasionally
longed for that warm body in the bed next to him at night.  He was no
homosexual by any means, he just enjoyed being on his own with nobody
to intrude on those things that he wanted to do.  Ed considered
himself to be pretty decent looking; no real hunk, just attractive
and normal.  His body was nothing to scream about, but he wasn't fat
and was in pretty decent shape fitness wise.  Ed looked at his watch
as he finished eating, and saw that it was just now 8:00.  Her face
crept back into his mind, but no, wait...it was her butt that he kept
thinking about.  "I'd sure like to pound that bitch for awhile, and
let her know what training SHE needs!", Ed thought.  "What the hell,"
Ed mused, "let's see what she has to offer."  Ed jumped in the
shower, shaved, and then, as he was drying off, noticed that his dick
was at full mast.  Nothing out of the ordinary, except that he needed
sex NOW.  This usually only occurred in the morning.  Ed dressed in a
pair of jeans and sportshirt, and then jumped in the car.  He was
familiar with the street name - not too far away.  After driving for
about 15 minutes, cussing often at some slowpoke or left lane bandit,
Ed turned onto her street.  He found the house rather quickly, and
was impressed by its' looks.  "Just like her," Ed thought. 
Understated, simple, but nicely kept and attractive.  Ed got out of
his car, and for the first time felt a little apprehensive.  What did
she mean by training?  Ed walked up to the door, rang the doorbell,
and waited for several seconds.  The door opened, and Ed's eyes
almost popped out of their sockets.  She stood there, dressed in a
white garter belt and white stockings, white hi-cut nylon panties, a
pair of 4 or 5 inch heeled pumps, and nothing else.  Her tits that
before had not seemed real big, now looked to be rather ample.  Her
long blonde hair was braided in a long ponytail behind her, and the
whole package gave Ed a rock hard erection.  "There you go, staring
again," said Denise.  "Your training is going to take quite a while. 
Are you just going to stand there, or are you coming in?"  Ed quickly
stepped into the hallway as she closed the door and locked it behind
him.



Part 2



     Ed walked into the room, noting that it was like everything else
- simple, yet elegant.  He turned back to look at Denise, and found
himself staring once again.  Damn, she looked good.  "Let's forget
the pleasantries, and just jump in the sack," he said to Denise, who
immediately frowned and glared at him.  "You aren't getting it at
all, are you?," she said.  "I don't even know your name."  "Ed," said
Ed.  "OK, Ed," Denise started, "you want to fuck me?"  "Well, what do
YOU think," stated Ed, "You're dressed like that's what you had in
mind too."  "I'm dressed like this so that I can train you more
fully," said Denise, "and if you want to fuck me, you will do exactly
as I say.  If, for any reason you fail to do what is instructed, I
will tell you to leave and never come back."   "Is this agreed?" 
Ed's upper head wasn't really thinking at this point.  The head
between his legs had full control, and his erection was starting to
cause a little pain.  "OK, OK, whatever," Ed said, "Let's just get
into the bed as soon as you get through with my 'training'."  Denise
looked at him, and then the bulge in his pants, and knew that Ed was
ready to begin.  "Wait here, and go ahead and take your shirt off,"
Denise said as she walked out of the room.  Ed began to unbutton his
shirt, knowing that all this little bitch wanted was a good fuck.  A
moment later she returned carrying a black leather looking thing,
that had some kind of cords and straps dangling off of it.  She
walked over to Ed, walked around behind him, and instructed him to
put his hands behind his back.  Ed did so without really thinking;
all he wanted to do was fuck her.  A moment later Ed felt the leather
thing around his hands and then slipping up to his elbows.  "What are
you doing?" he blurted.  "I'm beginning your training, Ed," she
replied.  As Ed started to wonder, he felt a strap go over each
shoulder, and then Denise walked around front and attached each strap
to the opposite side, just under each armpit.  "This is called an arm
sheath," started Denise, "and it will keep your hands securely behind
your back."  As the words were leaving her mouth, Denise reached
under the couch and pulled out what looked like a pair of handcuffs
except that they had about 18" of chain between them.  "These are leg
irons," she said, as she quickly snapped them onto his legs.  "Hmmm,
this is weird," thought Ed.  He could still move his arms, as this
leather thing on his arms wasn't very tight.  "So what are we
supposed to be accomplishing here," Ed demanded.  "This is rather
ridiculous."  "You will be trained this weekend to do only as you are
told," stated Denise.  "You will do exactly what I order you to do,
and nothing else.  And if you're good, I may let you come before the
weekend is over."  Now this simply wouldn't do, Ed thought, as he
began to realize his predicament.  He just wanted to fuck, and what
was this 'weekend' shit?  "Damnit, let me loose," Ed yelled.  "You
will speak only when told to speak," said Denise, and then gave him a
hard slap across the cheek.  ARRRGGGHHHH!!! Ed was furious!  This
little bitch needs to be spread out and fucked to within an inch of
her life!  As Ed was getting red in the face, he felt a knee in his
back, and under the pressure he was forced to the floor.  Denise was
immediately on top of him, turning him so that his face was to the
floor.  Ed tried to get up, but between the limited use of his arms
and her weight on his back, he didn't get very far.  He felt his arms
being moved closer together, as Denise began to lace up the two flaps
on the arm sheath.  Ed struggled, trying to flip her off his back,
but his efforts were rather fruitless.  As she finished lacing up the
sheath, Ed found that his arms were completely restrained.  All the
lacing and tying that she had been doing resulted in his arms nearly
touching at the elbows.  He couldn't move them one little bit.  They
hurt a little too, as this was not the position that they had been
designed to rest in.  Denise got off his back, and walked out of the
room.  "I've gotta get out of this," was Ed's first thought.  He
struggled around to the point that he was sitting on his butt.  He
tried to stand, but the combination of his useless arms and feet
weren't going to allow it.  Suddenly, Denise appeared back in the
room.  She walked over to Ed, and placed a large dog collar around
his neck.  She fastened it in front, and then walked around behind
him.  Out of the corner of his eye he could see her fiddling with
another object, but couldn't quite make out what it was.  Suddenly,
he felt a somewhat hard object being forced against his lips.  He
instinctively tried to jerk his head away, but was stopped quickly by
Denise's hand grabbing his jaw.  She grabbed his lower lip, and
digging her fingernail in, pulled it down.  Ed opened his mouth as
far as he could to relieve the pain, and as he did so, Denise crammed
the round rubber ball into his mouth.  She quickly buckled it behind
his head.  "MMMMgghhhpphh" was about all Ed could say.  "That is a
ball gag," said Denise, "and it is to keep you quiet and teach you
not to speak unless spoken to."  "Great," thought Ed, "all I need is
some rubber shit in my mouth."  Ed tried to push it out with his
tongue, but it was no use.  Ed was now starting to have a few
reservations about coming over to this place.  He just wanted some
quick sex, and now he felt like he was taking part in a cowboy and
indian movie.  Denise walked around in front of him, and attached a
leash to a ring in his dog collar.  "You will now get up," she
stated, and began to pull up quickly and seriously on the leash.  Ed
struggled to his feet, as the collar was cutting off his breathing as
she yanked it.  "You are an asshole, and you will spend the rest of
the weekend here learning how to be a gentleman.  You will leave on
Sunday night ONLY if I am fully convinced that you have been
rehabilitated."  Ed couldn't really say much, and he was more
concerned now about his arms that were beginning to ache.  Denise
started pulling on the dog collar.  "Follow me, asshole," she said as
she pulled Ed towards the stairs.  She led Ed down the stairs, into a
largely unfinished basement.  Ed noticed that there was very little
down here, other than some hooks in the ceiling and walls, a small
trunk against one wall, and a large post in the center of the room
that must have been there to support the floor of the upstairs
level.  Denise led Ed over to the post, and then attached a short
cord from where the two straps on his arm sheath joined in the back
to a hook in the ceiling next to the pole.  With this arrangment, Ed
was unable to do anything but stand there.  He tried to squirm away
from the pole and Denise's masterful hands, but found that he could
go nowhere.  Denise then went over to the trunk, opened it, and began
to rummage around in it.  She walked back with what looked like a
handful of women's lingerie.  "The first thing that you must learn is
that all women are very sexy.  You will dress as a woman for the
weekend, and hopefully learn that sexy clothes are part of what make
women so atractive to men."  This bitch is STRANGE, thought Ed.  She
must have had a weird family, and she must have dated weird guys. 
This was really becoming a little too much.  Unfortunately, Ed didn't
have a lot of choice in the matter.  He couldn't move more than an
inch or two in any direction, his arms were still aching, and this
rubber shit in his mouth really tasted like shit!  Denise walked up
to Ed, and began to undo his belt.  She worked with extremely
experienced hands, unbuttoning his jeans, sliding down the zipper,
and then dropping his pants until they bunched up around his ankles,
coming to rest on top of the leg cuffs.  Denise then walked back to
the trunk, rummaged some more, and then found the key to the cuffs. 
She walked back to Ed, stood in front of him, and then said "I'm
going to undo your ankle cuffs.  If you try to kick, or do anything
other than stand there, I'm gonna slap the immortal hell out of
you."  Ed really had no other choice than to listen, and he pretty
much took her at her word, as weird as she was and all.  Denise
unlocked the ankle cuffs, and then proceeded to remove his pants.  As
she stood up, she looked at the monumental bulge in his underwear. 
"Bet you'd like me to suck it, wouldn't you?" she said.  Ed hadn't
really given his dick a lot of thought at this point, but he now
noticed that it was aching as bad as his arms.  He would like her to
suck it!  YES!  That's just what he needed!  He nodded vigorously, as
he wasn't able to express himself verbally with that rubber thing in
his mouth.  "Well, tough shit," remarked Denise.  "Maybe Sunday
night, if you are fully trained."  Sunday night???  No way!  He was
gonna blow his peter into shreds by then!  Denise slipped her fingers
inside the waistband of his underwear, and in one quick motion,
yanked them to his ankles.  She pulled them off in another quick
motion, and then stood and looked at Ed's huge erection.  "You know,
that's a pretty nice dick," Denise said, " too bad you won't be able
to use it for awhile.  In fact, to keep from tempting me, I'm just
gonna have to cover it up."  With that, Denise grabbed the pile of
lingerie, and pulled out a white garter belt and pair of white
stockings.  She proceeded to fasten the garter belt around Ed's
waist, and then pulled the stockings onto his feet, and rolled them
up until they met the clasps of the garter belt.  Ed was starting to
feel a little humiliated, but this feeling was overpowered by the
sperm racing around in his balls wanting to come out.  After
finishing with the garter belt, and having the stockings secured as
they should be, Denise produced a pair of hi-cut nylon panties, with
lace around the top and leg openings.  Very feminine.  She pulled
these onto Ed's legs, and as she pulled them to his waist, the feel
of the nylon sliding over Ed's throbbing dick almost made him come. 
He wanted to come so badly at this point that nothing else mattered. 
"Well, now," Denise said, "don't you look cute."  "You're almost a
prim and proper woman."  Ed didn't even hear her.  He just wanted to
come.  Denise walked around behind him, and unfastened the cord
holding him by the arm sheath.  "Sit," she commanded, "and put your
back against the pole."  Ed more or less complied, as it was easier
to slide his back and arms down the pole than it was to try and sit
down without the use of his arms.  Denise walked over to the chest,
and got out a coil of rope.  Returning to Ed, she slipped a length of
the rope between his back and his leather encased arms.  She pulled
this up to his armpits, and then wrapped it around the pole.  She did
this several times, so that the top of his arms were well secured to
the pole.  Moving down, she added another rope wrapping at his
elbows, and another at his wrists.  The end result was that Ed's
strapped arms were securely tied to the pole.  She went to the chest,
bringing back another coil of rope.  She proceeded to tie another
series of ropes around his upper chest, middle chest, and stomach, so
that now his arms were not the only things tied, his whole upper
torso was securely fastened to the pole.  His feet were still free,
but a lot of good that was.  Ed struggled against the ropes, wanting
more to get to his dick than anything else.  It was no use.  He was
there until SHE decided that he wasn't.  "You know," Denise began
saying, "the sight of you all helpless like that is starting to make
me hot.  I'd love for you to eat my pussy, but you might enjoy that
too much.  It is only proper that you get to know my scent though." 
And with that, she proceeded to push her nylon clad pussy directly
into Ed's nose.  This was too much.  Ed struggled like a wild animal
trying to get loose.  He wanted to fuck her so badly that nothing
else in this universe was more important at this point in time.  His
nose could feel the moisture in her crotch.  And she smelled too
good.  There was a light hint of perfume, mingled with the slight
musky odor that told Ed that she was excited.  "Seems as though you
like this, Ed," she stated as she continued to push her pussy into
his nose.  She then moved away from Ed, went back to the trunk, and
returned.  She stood about two feet in front of Ed, and slowly,
expertly, began to remove her panties.  As the top of the lace
cleared her pussy, Ed went nuts.  He nearly killed himself trying to
get to that pussy that his dick needed to dive into.  It was gorgeous
- honey colored pubes, and a slight display of her lips under her
pubic hair.  Denise, having completely removed her panties, took the
remaining step to Ed.  She bent over so that she was face to face
with Ed, and then took her just removed panties, and pulled them over
Ed's head.  She positioned them so that the crotch was directly over
Ed's nose.  Ed thought he was going to pass out.  This combination of
teasing and restraint was putting him out of his mind.  The panties
smelled just like her - the slight hint of perfume, and the smell of
her sex.  Denise then produced the item she had retreived from the
box.  "You like to stare so much, I thought it only appropriate that
we start on this training aspect first."  She then showed Ed what she
had brought.  It was a leather blindfold, that was wide enough to go
all the way from his forehead to his mouth.  It had a triangular
cutout for his nose, which while allowing him to breath, would also
make it impossible to get it off his head without undoing the
buckle.  She placed this over his eyes, with the open triangle over
his nylon covered nose.  Now Ed couldn't move, couldn't talk, and
every breath was filtered by her pussy moistened nylon panties. 
"Well, Ed, it's late.  I'm tired.  I guess I'll let you go to sleep
now, cause I'm going to bed.  I will play with my pussy first,
though, and think of you while I'm doing it.  Too bad you can't play
with your dick."  And with that, she walked to the stairs, turned out
the light, and left Ed in his new world of complete restraint.
   
   
   More?  Leave comments if you'd like to hear about the rest of the
weekend.

--
