Archive-name: 3plus/eileen01.txt
Archive-author: Pace
Archive-title: Eileen - 1


                      Standard Preface:
                H MILLER  ON RUSTY & EDIE'S BBS
  This is correspondence with a man who used the pseudonym Pace.  He
wrote me from about 1979 till 1987, because I answered an ad in a
swinger's magazine.  I never met him.  I have no idea what has
happened to him since 1987.  He was born in the late 1920's and felt
he might have a heart condition.  He may have died suddenly, because
the correspondence unaccountably went blank in mid-stream.  Or he
could be alive.  It bothers me.  He was obsessed with performing sex
with his wife before groups of men.  She was very pretty, gullible,
and very much his junior.  The period of intense sex performance he
wrote about extended from 1967 to 1972.  But he covered everything
leading up to it and beyond.
  The material was scanned from typewritten pages and dot matrix
print-out.  Then edited and edited.  If Pace's writing "voice" seems
to change suddenly, blame my editing.  Everything was originally
written "in one long string".  Time and sequence are "bugs" of his,
and loom large.  But all else is chaos.  This man neglects typos and
grammar, can switch from the vulgar to the pedantic in the flick of
an eye.  His personality was very Schiz, his lifestyle was, too, and
so was his writing.  I give you Pace, as he was, heavily edited and
revised.  He is honest, and self-admittedly an opinionated, bigoted
man.  That's him, not me, please don't shoot the messenger.

IF YOU WANT TO LEAVE A MESSAGE TO DISCUSS THIS TEXT, OR OTHERS FROM
THE SERIES, LEAVE A MESSAGE TO H MILLER
____________________________________________________________________
--------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 1. My Baby and Me

                  Fucking my Wife for Crowds

  This is a bunch of "books" about me, a guy who fucked his wife for
show in front of guys.  I'll call them books, but I'll never publish
them as real books.  They're only for a very a special public,
written by a guy who's not a "writer".  There's stuff here I'd like
to share with a very unusual, a very small, a very special audience. 
Guys who are older, like I am.  Guys who were raised in more
conventional, much more inhibited times in the past, when women were
"nice".  Most especially, I think this stuff would "get" to a certain
kind of guy, get to him in the guts; someone like me, with an
exhibitionist screw loose in his head.
  I've got this funny, uncomfortable, weird and freaky "thing" in my
head.  I'd like to know that I'm talking to guys who understand this.
You want to know what it feels like, fucking your wife in front of a
crowd?  It's sends the blood racing through you.  Your heart beat is
unbearable, like in a marathon, the excitement comes and hits you,
wham!!! wham!!!!  There is nothing like that excitement.  It's like
you're going to have a heart attack.  I'll tell you, I get it at just
the thought, just the image, of fucking my wife in front of a group
of other guys, before I'd even get her stripped to fuck her.  If this
is the kind of thing that would turn you on, if you've ever
fantasized about doing it, but have been too chicken to do it, the
way I once was, then these stories, these "books" are for you.
  In my heart I'd really like my stuff to be read by guys who watched
me, who were audiences at our stag shows.  But I don't know how that
could ever be.  I don't know how this could ever get into their
hands.  If it did, this is the way I'd like to talk to them.  This is
what I'd like to say to them.  I'd like those guys to see how I
manipulated that little ninny, my little Irish wife, literally, the
little fuckhead, the mother of my kids, into spreading out her Mommy
cunt so they could look right up into her excited pussy hole.  And
you bet she got excited when she did that.  We couldn't have done
what we did if she wasn't getting something out if it, too, it if she
wasn't excited.
  And all of those guys who saw us would know I was doing it before
the swinging Seventies, back in the Sixties.  That's right.  When I
could have gotten our fucking asses in the klink for doing something
like that, or even a hell of a lot worse.  If my audience was reading
this now they would remember what it was like, when they were at my
stags.  I never got to talk to them like a real person, one to one,
we always talked about the stag show, itself, arrangements, bullshit
trivia, I never got to meet them, personally.
  After all, I was this kook who was letting them fuck my wife.  I
was too strange for any of those guys to look me in the face, most of
the time.  It was really rare anybody ever gave me eye contact.  And
if they did look me in the eye, they couldn't hide their contempt for
me, they had this shit-eating grin, this smirk on their lips.  Even
though they talked to me, and gave me "lip service" about what a
great guy I was, you know, letting them fuck my wife, or sucking them
off, that ain't what they were thinking.  No siree!  They thought I
was the biggest asshole ever born.  It was a real charade.
  Hey, guys, those were uptight times, when flower children were
tip-toeing through the tulips with Tiny Tim, and Vietnam was heating
up.   Didn't it break you up, when I let you look at family album
photos?  When I sat there in your Club room running our home movies,
just before you were going to fuck my wife?  Most of you knew we were
for real, we couldn't fake those movies and those photos, if you had
any brains.  Some of you guys wouldn't believe it.  My wife had to be
a hooker.  Those guys thought it was all a hype, it was all a con
job.  I even showed our personal wedding photos, photos from our
shotgun wedding.  That wedding was real; I'd knocked up my little 17
year old pussy, Eileen.  It was a small wedding.  And there was my
sweet ninny of a child bride, a young sweet thing who cooed like a
bird, with her lilting Irish brogue.  And her mother.  Side by side. 
In the photos. Some wedding, a 32 year old guy with a pregnant 17
year old.  It was screwy, wasn't it??
  You've got to remember watching my wife's open pussy in action in
your Clubs, all those function halls, locker rooms, hotel rooms, hey,
I even fucked my baby and invited a gang bang in a machine shop.  A
bowling alley.  All kinds of places.  Freaky, wasn't it, showing all
those home movie shots, right?  And then Eileen sucking cock, mine
and yours.  How about all that other impossible stuff I had the sweet
innocent do, you know, in the later years, with black stag performers
and me.  The looks on your faces!!!  You couldn't have forgotten us. 
I know I'll never forget the noise, the whooping and hollering, just
the astonished shock, the unbelieving looks on your pusses.  What a
kick that gave me.
  You knew, for sure, most of you who wanted to believe it, that we
were for real.  We were what we said we were; married, and in love.
Really in love.  You could see it in the looks on our faces when I
was fucking her.  I was grinning at her, leering at her, kissing her
lips, her ear lobes, her neck, her eyes.  You don't see professionals
do that.  They stick to cock and pussy.  Just fuck the hole, or fuck
the mouth.  That's what's important when there is no love.  You knew
we had kids, and lived normal lives, except for my "kink", my bent. 
Wasn't it wild, seeing my wife and me take our marital bed right out
there out in public, in front of your staring eyes?
  I remember.  Do you?  You saw the little girl suck my cock off, and
in amazement, your jaws hanging down, watched the totally innocent-
looking mother sucking out the scum from cock after cock of your
buddies.  And grinning at her husband.  And her husband grinning at
her.  If you were lucky enough or nervy enough, you even got a chance
to get your own tool sucked off, or slip your dick into that awfully
pretty, innocent looking young wife's Mommy hole.  I've heard you
guys wondering aloud, about us.  I heard enough of you muttering. 
Well, I wish that you had this book so you could get part of your
answer.
  Well that's what I would have said to my stag audiences, if I could
have gotten this book into their hands.   But for the rest of you,
you would know exactly what I'm talking about if you'd lived through
the forties, or were a young adult during the fifties and the
sixties, times when sex was so intense, so forbidden, pre-X-rated
times, when you were lucky to see one open snatch, in your entire
lifetime.  Anybody who grew up then knew what it was like to live in
up-tight times.

                     Me and My Princess

  To make it even wilder, I'm an Italian.  An "older" Italian.  I was
born in 1927.  You know how jealous Italians are supposed to be about
their wives?  Especially someone like me, a "paisano" who lucked out.
Against all odds I was hooked up with a sweet honey of an Irish wife.
I was told it often enough.  How my Eileen was pretty enough to be a
movie star. That's how I felt about her, too.  But to me Eileen was
more like an English Princess.  She came on with this stimulating
half-English, half-Irish accent, but definitely a lilting brogue.  I
was the luckiest guy in the world.  How would you like to find
yourself like me, "into" a cunt 15 years younger, with a license to
fuck her all you want?  Just looking at Eileen, I swear, I fucked my
giggling bride every chance I got.
  And I wanted a lot of kinky sex out of her, so I stalked her like a
cat.  Gradually, slowly, slowly, I trained the girl.  I trained her
being real sneaky about it, into doing more and more perverted things
for me.  I'll tell you how much that innocent "look" on her face
turned me on.  It was unbelievable, whenever I could, I'd jump her;
I'd have my sweet Princess down on her knees, at my crotch, gulping
my hog, or flat on her back, getting her hairy drippy red split
pounded.  While Eileen giggled her fucking head off.  Always amazed
at how "gruff" I was.  Her words.  I couldn't stop it.  Every time I
looked at that cunt, I wanted to fuck her.  It never went away.  I'd
literally look at my wife's face, sometimes, and get a hard-on.  I'd
fuck the piss out of the girl, literally, she'd always be running to
pee after I fucked her, that hard, four times a day, or whenever I
could.
  Call me a wop or a guinea and I'd probably "break your face". 
Probably not, if you were too big.  Hey, I'm no hero.  But how else
can I say it?  Could an ugly-looking "guinea" like me ask for a sex
life more exciting than that?  I'm fucking a girl most people thought
wouldn't even talk to me.  So you'd think I'd died and landed in
heaven, right?  That was so much to have, who could ask for anything
more?  It's true. I did land in heaven.
  So it's natural to ask the next question; what's this fucking
pervert doing, here he is with the fuck of his dreams, and what's he
doing?  Dreaming of fucking his sweet little wife in front of a gang
of guys.  Now you've got to understand, this was way back in the
sexual dark ages, like in the early '60s.  Kennedy was still King. 
That was Camelot, and Father Knows Best on TV.  And there I am, this
nut, plotting and scheming, all I could think of was fucking my sweet
Irish bride in front of a gang of guys.
  What was bugging me?  Where did this screwball "bugginess" come
from?  The whole book, in fact all these books are just about that. 
I'll show you how Eileen and I, both of us, were sort of "set up" to
go the way we did.  We were both like loaded guns.  All we needed was
the right trigger pull to come along and start us down that path.  We
didn't know it, at the time, that we were going to act anything out..
We both thought we were "normal", whatever that means.  Or at least
Eileen did.  With my screwy sexual background I knew I was a sex
addict.  And that addiction kept pumping me up with fantasies,  I
would look at every woman and undress her and fuck her.  Until
Eileen.  When I didn't have to look.  I could do it.  I could fuck
that dumb cunt over and over and over again.  And she liked it!!! 
And let me do it!!!

          My Wife Gets Propositioned to Pose for Fuck Photos

  Anyway, there was this "incident", and that was our trigger.  Made
us go Bang!  And Bang and Bang, again and again, over and over.  I'll
talk more about it, later.  For now I'll just tell you that the
"incident" took place after my little girl had our first baby. 
Sometime after that.  I was the proud middle-thirties father of his
first boy.  Eileen was a dumb, gullible 19 year old ninny.  And fresh
from being made a Mommy.  Going to Boston University's School of
Nursing, to do her part in supporting our family.  But in white bobby
sox and plaid skirts, with school books under her arms, Eileen looked
more like a high school freshman than a married lady when she
commuted to college classes. The Mommy-coed.
  Well, it all happened when my wife took a ride in a car, she got a
lift (I'll say!).  The MTA trolley line (not MBTA, back then) right
in front of our house on Commonwealth Avenue in Allston, a part of
Boston, ran straight down to Boston University.  It  was out of
action, as it often was.  When that happened students hitchiked. 
Eileen had done it often.  I never knew.  If I had, I'd have had a
fit.  A lot of students did it.  Not girls, though.  The guy who gave
Eileen a "lift" this time was another guinea.  He was a guy like me,
a guy with just as dirty a mind as Eileen's "old man".  Anyway my
stupid little pussy got propositioned.
  This pastafazool spotted her and psyched her out just right; he
handed that gullible lolly pop of mine a bullshit line, offering to
pay her an incredible hourly fee for having sex in front of his
camera for some "medical photos".  With her husband, "of course".  My
trusting fool confessed, beforehand, that we were just about stone
broke.  And didn't he "leap into that breach".  Yeah, and likely to
leap into her breach, if she didn't watch her dumb fool ass.  My dumb
cunt!
  Get that!!  Medical photos!!  Some sh-ee-ee-t!!!  But this is it!! 
This is the kicker!!!  My dumb cunt of a wife was eager to "go for
it"!!  Fucking surprise.  Fucking wild!!  Just ask me.  Would I have
predicted it?  No fucking way in hell.  I just didn't know how to
handle the situation.  I was too chicken and scared, wanting like
crazy to do it, excited totally out of my skull, but scared, scared
of cops, of Mafia, of God knew who this guy was.  Eileen had me
shaking with excitement, pumped full of adrenalin, when she came back
to the house with the offer.  It made me dizzy.  Really!!!
  Frankly, I dropped the ball.  And did I live to regret that!  Sure
I did!!  Stupido!!  That crazy proposition planted the nutty idea,
and I couldn't shake it.  My amazement was that my silly goose of a
beautiful wife was actually willing to pose for those photos.  At
19!!  From a straight nice little Irish Catholic background.  She
would do it!!  That silly little cunt would actually do it!
  Well it took almost five years, five fucking years after the
"proposition" to pull off the real McCoy, but this wasn't posing for
animal crackers.  Not by then.  No, boy.  Things had really moved
along in our sex life.  When my wife got propositioned, back in '61,
there was no way you could have convinced me that, in a short five
years after, when she'd gotten her nursing degree and was a
practicing nurse, the sweet thing would end up the solo performer at
her first, and what I thought would be her only, real stag show.  A
stag party, a gang fuck.  Yup, a gang fuck.  You got it, baby.  A
pile on.  The two of us dancing, still dressed, alone on a small
wooden dance floor, under lights, packed with close-in, steamed up,
teased up, panting guys, surrounded by a wall of watchers, their
tongues hanging down to the floor.  Waiting.

            What Happened to Amateur Stag Performers

  I was nutty!!  Crazy!!  You know what we were facing, my Eileen and
me, with that nutty obsession?  In some States, just because we were
amateurs.  We were not like the regular whores and pimps who did
stags, professionals who paid off the cops, or who let the stag
performer fuck the cops as a "gratuity", if the cops wanted it. 
Amateurs like us could've spent months, or even possibly more of our
lives in jail, if we'd been caught.  That is, if we'd been lucky. 
Yeah, a jail sentence would have been lucky, in Massachusetts,
compared to the alternative.  Well, if a pro was going to get off the
hook by sucking off a bunch of cops, how about your wife?  What the
hell, she'd fucked a crowd at a stag performance, hadn't she?  Well,
you became a free fuck station for every cop who wanted a quick fuck
and blow job after you'd been nailed.  Till a couple finally got the
point and moved out of State.
  I don't have the facts, but have to confess that I never read of
one amateur stag performer who was busted in a raid for having sex at
a bachelor party in Massachusetts being brought to trial.  Unusual? 
Why?  Was Massachussets a tolerant State?  Hell, no!!!  Not with the
Catholic hierarchy and Protestant blue-noses rampant.  No way, Jose,
was Massachusetts lenient.   I'll give you the whole story in other
chapters in these books, but even now, I can fill you in on what
happened to unlucky amateur fuckers in Massachusetts that will blow
your socks off.  No shit, for real.  It certainly sounds strange
enough to be unreal.
  Back in those days, as I said, it was the rarest of rare things
that amateurs fucked in stag shows.  Some of the few were caught. 
Off and on.  By accident.  Maybe you could get away with doing one
stag, once, for kicks, anonymously, and never go for seconds. 
There'd be no cops setting up to raid you, that way, on your second
try.  But if a couple did more than one stag show, they were
certainly taking a chance of being caught.  They were.  It happened.
  There were very, very infrequently these little bitty squibs, short
articles, maybe a couple of column-inches long, in the Boston
American, or the Boston Record, whatever its predecessor was, a
Hearst tabloid, about stag party busts.  Maybe once or twice a year. 
Or more.  At the time we had this anti-porno happy Sergeant in the
State Police who made a big deal about busting stag shows.  He was a
real bugger about dirty pictures.
  But what never hit the papers was news about what happened to these
couples after arrest, their cases seemed to disappear from public
view.  That was strange.  Because, if you ever looked at the Boston
rags after arrests, you never saw news about prosecutions, only
arrests.  Now why do you suppose that would have been?
  Well, just think about it for a second.  Would the "public" care
about some couple stupid enough to get caught fucking for a bachelor
party, anyway, except for the reporters who could generate a
momentary titillating thrill for their readers, exposing somebody's
perversity?  Was that really a threat to public safety?  Nobody
really cared if the couple got jailed, or got off.  It was all just a
high-spirited dirty joke, after all, some couple out for a "kick".
Hey there was a real problem with real prostitutes, and racial
troubles, and the Vietnam War.  So some dumb fucks were fucking in a
Vet's Club, who cared, good luck to them!!!  Lucky Vets!!
  So, with that situation, put yourself in a vice cop's place.  A
corrupt, horny vice cop.  As a cop, you're never supposed to fuck the
hookers, right?  It's part of the "code", right?  If you did you
would be risking your ass, getting canned.  But everybody else was
getting ass.  Always a bridesmaid, never a bride.  And, besides who
would have wanted to fuck some toilet of a whore, anyway?  Now, you
got this bust of an ordinary married couple.  As a cop, could you
imagine a better edge you could have on a really "clean" couple, a
couple that had been caught fucking in public, than the fact you
could send them to the klink?.  What the fuck was the point of that? 
Sending them off to jail?  Some asshole had gotten his even bigger
asshole of a wife to fuck and suck a bunch of guys.  Made her into a
fucking whore.  Right?  This pricker obviously didn't give a shit who
his wife fucked.  Why not you?  Hey, a free piece of ass.  A golden
opportunity.
  These two dumb fucks didn't want to go to jail.  Hey, if you, a
cop, just wanted them to do the same thing for you, just once, since
they'd already fucked their heads off for a bunch of civilians, what
couple in their right minds wouldn't fuck the cop and his buddies,
just have the wife suck off a few more dicks, and the cops would let
them off scot free.  The little lady had already sucked cock, so what
was new?  "Just let your wife suck my dick a little like she did at
the party, buddy.  No skin off your teeth."  Quite a con?  You could
see that happening, couldn't you?.  It did.  It was standard
procedure.  If that was all, well, what the hell!  The couple
wouldn't do stags anymore, that was for sure.  What harm in it. the
cop got a little free piece of ass.  This fucking asshole of a
husband was making his wife's pussy into a urinal, anyway.  Could
have been just another cock blown off at the party.  One cock more or
less, and the joke is ended right there.
  If that had been all there was to it, it would have been a minor
corrupt end to something the cops should never have been involved in
in the first place.  I admit it is hearsay, but there were supposed
to have been instances of sexual enslavement or harrassment of wives,
and even more perverse, of families of amateur couples down in
Massachusetts, which didn't just end that way.  There's no way the
news of these events could have ever broken out into the public.  It
was a system that was guaranteed to get some unfortunate victims of
police sexual blackmail stuck into a horror that broke their lives.
  There was nobody to complain to about what they'd been subjected
to.  Just think about it.  After a couple was raided at a stag show,
or worse, entrapped into giving a stag show by the cops themselves,
what could they do to get out of what followed.  Nothing.  Just look
at the judgement that would have been on them.  After al, they'd done
a stag show willingly, hadn't they.  I'd heard, from someone who'd
lived it, that couples were not just let go after sucking off a few
cops cocks.  It was like being caught by a loan shark.  You never get
out from under.
  And it was done in a real insidious way.  The way cops use "good
cop, bad cop" routines on criminals.  There was always some cop,
apperently with sincerity, "playing" good cop.  What does a "caught
couple" do when some fake sympathy is offered to them after being
caught "wide open" by the cops?  Isn't a shocked and totally shamed
arrested couple relieved and grateful when they meet some
"kind-hearted" cops who seem to understand the couple's freakiness in
the exhibitionism department?   Kind-hearted like a crocodile.  That
was the hook and the bait used to catch these poor fish.
  The opener was to have the wife or woman suck off one cop's dick. 
And then, after a "social" visit, repeat the same ext.  Then the
stakes were escalated.  Since the unfortunate couple had already been
"caught in the act" of giving a sex show, or the woman, girl-friend
or wife had already fucked a number of guys at a stag show, what was
one more sex show, more or less, or one more dick in the lady's hole,
more or less, between "friends", especially of the "friends" could
see to it that the charges could be swept under the rug, in exchange
for a "favor"?  Get the picture?
  These cops used that bait to suck in such couples further, so they
couldn't back out anymore, they would escalate the level of
involvement, get the couple deeper into performing perverted sex
acts.  Before Eileen and I ever got into doing stags I learned
details and and more details about it from one couple we were
involved with personally, and closely (boy, will you see how close!).
It taught me a lot about how to run my own similar sex obsession in
the following years, and how to be clear of problems when I started
playing out my own nuttiness.
  I should drop the subject, because these were only a few rotten
apples, of all the vice cops, a little band of vice cops, Staties and
locals.  But some cops bragged to victims, to degrade them even more,
to let them know where they stood, to terrorize them about the power
these cops had over them.  I'd heard horror tales about what they
were eventually forcing the couples to do to avoid prosecution, as
they got them further down the betrayal path.  Things like forced
family sex.
  The thing is you could never prove any of this, or bring cops to
justice.  I'll give a recent example.  There was a protest, based on
a complaint of a woman, not a prostitute, but an ordinary woman sho
dated a cop, who claimed she's been gang raped.  the case was never
prosecuted.  It did result in the closing of so-called Private Clubs
maintained by Boston cops, sometime around 1987.   There was a
quickly quashed scandal about a small number of cops maintaining
these Private Clubs where other women besides this complainant had
been brought in and forced, many times, to have sex with officers.
  That's in these times.  Now think back to way back then.  If a
couple had opened their sexual bed to mass penetration at a stag
show, from a cop's sexually bigoted point of view, the woman was a
commmon ordinary slut.  That was 30 years ago.  Probably those
fucking cops are still alive, having ruined these folks' lives.  So
you should have an idea of the kind of legal environment, the
policing and emotional setting in which my wife and I operated, if
you didn't actually live through it.


--------------------------------------------------------------------
                       Epilogue

  If these reworks of Pace's "Books", as he calls them, interest you,
I will continue to post them here.  From start to finish each page
costs me about an hour and a half out of a busy life.  Reactions are
motivating.   Especially appreciative reactions.  I am not a
masochist and do not thrive on negative or nasty carping.  Comments
can be left to me privately, by invoking the R security restriction
on Rusty & Edie's BBS.  I will answer.
  I believe that what Pace described really did happen.  Would also
appreciate feedback in the form of remarks or information from other
people about other couples who indulged in similar activities.  Or
first person descriptions by males who may have attended either
Pace's performances, or other such performances by amateurs,
especially from the New York, Chicago, Dallas, New Orleans, LA or Bay
Area.
  Such couples as Pace and his wife Eileen intrigue me.  If anyone
has has indulged in similar activity, correspondence or email of any
quality would be appreciated.

--
