Archive-name: Violent/elec.txt
Archive-author: Gamma
Archive-title: Shocking Wait, A


She  stood, balanced, though just barely. By force of  will,  the 
naked girl tried to remain absolutely motionless. But to do  that 
was  almost  impossible.  It was the point  of  her  bondage,  of 
course.

She  stood  erect, her legs spread wide by a metal  bar  strapped 
between  her  ankles  forcing them apart. Her  arms  were  pulled 
behind  her  back,  strapped together at the  elbows  and  wrists 
forcing her breasts forward.

Her long blonde hair cascaded down her bound arms all the way  to 
her  slim waist. She was gagged, her mouth stuffed with  a  penis 
gag  and  covered  by a thick leather strap.  Otherwise  she  was 
completely nude.

That  was  the standard stuff, in and of itself  arousing  as  it 
silenced  and  commanded her naked body, offering her  charms  in 
wanton invitation. But there was more tonight - much more!

On  each  of her erect nipples was a  small  spring-clamp.  These 
connected to a thin leather strap, which then connected  together 
in a heavier strap. This went up to the ceiling rafter and over a 
pulley  there. At the other end of this strap from  her  nipples, 
dangling  just  a  few feet in front of the  girl,  was  a  metal 
weight.  It rested no more than an inch above a box with a  metal 
plate on it's top. In fact, if the girl weren't leaning back  and 
away,  her  taut breasts pulling at the strap, the  weight  would 
rest  on  the box. The girl arched herself  backward,  trembling, 
struggling  to  keep the weight away from the box. She  had  good 
reason to.

From  the box ran a wire connected to a pole. The pole jutted  up 
from  the floor, gleaming metal. It's end, a dildo,  was  planted 
deep  in the girl's cunt. It was thick and stretched the lips  of 
her  pussy  wide. It was shiny with her juices.  If  she  slumped 
forward,  relaxing her pose, the weight would drop down onto  the 
box,  completing  an  electrical circuit. When  the  circuit  was 
completed, the box would send a mild shock to the dildo - just  a 
few  volts  but enough to make the girl squirm  from  it's  fiery 
bite. If the weight stayed on the box, the current would continue 
for  twenty seconds, stop for twenty seconds, then  start  again, 
and so on, until the connection was broken.

So she had a choice, this girl in bondage. She could yank at  the 
strap,  causing the clamps to bite at her nipples, or  relax  and 
send  the  shock ripping into her cunt. When that  happened,  she 
found  that her writhings on the end of her perch set  her  pussy 
aflame!

She  would buck and squirm, and the weight would bob up and  down 
and  nick  the  plate, and then the shock would hit  her  like  a 
whip lash.

But  she  couldn't take much of the shock, so, in  spite  of  her 
arousal,  she would arch he naked body, pulling the  weight  away 
from  the  box.  Back and forth she  would  sway,  slumping  from 
exhaustion, moaning into her gag when she heard the clank of  the 
metal plates making contact, then steeling herself for the  shock 
to  her  cunt. Her body glistened with sweat.  Her  hair  flailed 
about her as she shook her head and bit down on the rubber  penis 
in her mouth and willed herself into a balanced posture.

The  man stood in the doorway watching her. She blushed in  shame 
when he entered, then lost her concentration and slumped forward. 
Then  she  arched beautifully and wailed in  desperation  as  the 
current  pulsed  into her pussy. She was a hot bitch,  naked  and 
bound  and whipped into a frenzy by his clever torment.  And  the 
fact  that she herself determined what happened, in  a  helpless, 
tormented way, only added to her stimulation.

He  was contemplating a new addition to her bondage  torment.  He 
rummaged through a dresser and came up with two small boxes, also 
dangling  wires. He connected these wires to two small  jacks  in 
the  bigger  box, then bent down between  his  captive's  splayed 
legs.

"Up  on  your toes," he commanded. The girl  moaned  but  obeyed, 
arching up on her toes till her heels cleared the floor. The  man 
slipped one of the smaller boxes under each heel. Each box had  a 
small  button  on  it's top, no more than a half  inch  from  the 
girl's  foot. If she dropped down from her toes, the  heel  would 
push the button.

"Better  stay as you are, my sweet," the man teased.  "If  either 
heel  touches  those buttons, it'll up the voltage to  your  cunt 
another  notch.  Keep your feet down and it'll  keep  upping  the 
current."

The  girl  groaned deeply in frustration and agony as  she  heard 
this.  It  was hard to stay on her toes with her legs  spread  so 
wide  and  with her torso arched. But she would try.  She  didn't 
want the shocks to get any worse.

"It's  ten o'clock," the man said. "What do you say I  leave  you 
here until - oh, I don't know - how about midnight?"

The  girl looked at him in horror, shook her head no, and  moaned 
into the gag. She wasn't watching the weight as she did this, and 
it  dropped  and  touched the box. The shock  hit  her,  and  she 
snapped  to attention and arched backwards in response.  Too  far 
backwards.  She got her weight back and dropped off her  tiptoes, 
and her heels - both of them - hit the buttons. She squirmed anew 
as  the current surged a little higher until, after  twenty  long 
seconds,  it stopped. She was panting, her breath ragged and  her 
nostrils  flaring. Even though the current had stopped, she  kept 
squirming  on  the  dildo, aroused, sp hot she  didn't  care  for 
anything except the orgasm about to burst through her loins.

Her  writhings  took her forward again, and  the  weight  touched 
down.  This  shock pushed her over the brink. She  would  not  be 
denied.  Head back, wailing into the gag, fingers  scratching  at 
her  ass,  her  hips twitching, she came  with  an  all-consuming 
violence. Wave after wave rippled through her body, which  bucked 
and writhed in erotic abandon.

The  man admired the naked beauty spasming before him.  Her  head 
was thrown back, and she shook it back and forth as she came. Her 
blonde mane floated behind her. Her eyes were closed, and a deep, 
low  moan  came  from her gagged mouth. Her  breasts  heaved  and 
jiggled, the weight scraped along the box, and her torso  writhed 
delightfully.  Her loins pumped furoiusly at the dildo-pole,  her 
juices dripping down it's shiny thick length. She was a spectacle 
of unchecked eroticism. She was beautiful. She was his.

When her climax subsided, she slumped again and fell heavily onto 
her heels, only to arch upwards again when yet another shock hit. 
She looked through hooded eyes, her mind and body saturated  with 
the intensity of her pain and pleasure.

Her master smiled at her, flicked off the lights, and closed  the 
door, leaving her to her aroused frenzy of torment.

"Until  one," he thought to himself. "I'll leave her there  until 
one o'clock." By then, he knew she'd be ready for his next little 
game.



