Elizabeth read the note one more time:

 " Come	to my apartment	at 7pm tonight.	Wear high heeled shoes,
   a short skirt and a blouse that unbuttons. Don't wear any
   underwear and shave your pussy. "

It was six o'clock now. She shrugged her shoulders, went into the
bathroom and undressed. In the tub, as she was soaping her pussy
and carefully removing her curly bush with a disposable razor, she
remembered how this had started. Her father had promised to buy
her a new car if she got straight "A"s all this year. She had
worked hard, but had only been able to come up with a "C" in the
required mathematics course. Her fingers started playing with her
pussy as she remembered the interview. She had dressed in a
sexy outfit - tight cut-offs and a tube top - and had pleaded and
pouted, and begged, and finally offered her slim young body to her
professor in exchange for the final "A"  she needed. She was attracted
to Dr. Anderson, anyway. He had a trim beard, curly brown hair,
blue eyes and an English accent. Apart from the accent he
reminded her of her father. The fingers of one hand were buried deep in
her newly bare vagina now, and her other hand was playing with her clit,
as she remembered how she had licked her lips and slowly pulled
down her tube top in front of him, exposing her firm nicely formed
small breasts. She had told him how she would love to get down on
her knees under his desk, and suck his cock there and then. She thought
he would be unable to resist such an offer.
At this point her imagination drifted away from reality, as she
imagined him fucking her across his desk, his hands milking her tits
and his rampant cock bringing her to orgasm after orgasm , each one
stronger than the last, and then giving her an "A+" for his course,
in shocked gratitude. As she imagined this, her busy fingers brought
her the satisfaction that had been denied her then. The professor
had merely pointed out to her that she could be dismissed from the
university for making the offer she had just made, and had ordered
her out of the office almost in tears. A few moments later he had
called her back, played back the tape recording he had made of the
conversation and threatened to send a copy to her parents unless
she did as he told her. In fear of what her father would do to her
(and especially her allowance) if he heard her acting like a whore,
she had quickly agreed. Earlier today she had got the note. It
was unsigned, but she had known who it was from.

She rinsed the soap off her body, climbed out of the bath and towelled
herself dry. She combed out her long straight blonde hair, and tried
it in a pony tail, then a bun, then decided to leave it down. She
dressed in her shortest mini skirt, which barely covered her ass,
high heels, and a low cut blouse which buttoned down the front.
'Stockings?' she wondered. No, it was too hot out. She looked at
herself in a mirror. 'Just like a hooker!' she thought, almost
approvingly. 'I might just get that "A" after all. Better not be seen
out on the street like this though, one gust of wind would show my ass
or pussy to all the world.' It was already after seven when she called
for a taxi.
				 *     *     *

'You're half an hour late, you little slut.' Dr. Anderson did not
give her the welcome she expected. 'Get your ass in here.' She started
to make excuses about the taxi, but the professor did not want to hear.
'Shut your mouth, you silly little bitch. You're going to have to learn
to do everything I tell you,and do it right. If you say one more word
I'm going to gag you.

'But, professor.....' That was all she had time to say before the
professor grabbed her, turned her around and strapped a rubber ball
gag into her mouth. She was still coming to terms with the shock of
this, when her wrists were grabbed, and handcuffed together behind
her back. He turned her to face him, and ripped her blouse open,
losing several buttons in the process. 'My God,' she thought, 'what
kind of pervert is he?'

As if to answer her question, he went on to describe the experiences
in store for her that evening. While he was squeezing her tits and
twisting her nipples, he said, I'm going to give you a good spanking,
to punish you for being so late. Then you're going to pose for some
porno videos, exposing all your private openings and describing
in graphic terms as to what you would want put in them and then
demonstrating same with a dildo until you peak and reach an orgasm.
Then I'll really have something really hot to send to your rich
daddy-o if you get difficult. Next, we're going to see just how
uncomfortably we can tie you up with a few ropes and a little
imagination. While you're still tied up I'm going to finger fuck
you and cock fuck you in your pussy, your ass and your mouth.
I wiil eat you out and suck on your clitoris until it swells and
becomes long and hard. I will pull your cunt lips wide open and stick
my toungue deep into your vagina as I lick inside them.

Have you ever been butt fucked? No? I'm really going to enjoy
that. First, I will give you a hot soapy enema, filling your ass so
full that you will beg for relief. I'll watch you empty your bowels
and then stretch your asshole until I can get four fingers in the
opening. Next I'll lubricate inside with a dildo, twisting it round and
round and then fuck you there until I come deep inside. You'll
scream and beg me to go slow and tell me how much it is hurting, but
finally you'll learn to enjoy it.

Finally we have a special little treat for you, but I think
that should be a suprise.'He pointed to the corner of the room.
'Bring me that paddle slut.'

Elizabeth thought for a moment. This evening was not going to be
nearly as enjoyable as she had hoped. She looked at the paddle
and thought about her father's money. The paddle did not look
very thick. 'How bad can it be?' she thought, and fetched the
paddle - with some difficulty because of the handcuffs.

The professor indicated where she should stand, and ordered her to
bend over. The cheeks of her ass were now exposed by the short skirt.
'Pull up your skirt,' he ordered, and she gingerly pulled up the
back of her skirt and tucked it in the waist band. 'Legs apart!'
She spread her legs, aware that her shaved cunt was now on display.
'Wider!' She spread her legs till it hurt, and knew he was enjoying
the view. She moaned suddenly as one of his fingers slid into her
pussy, and she realized with a shock just how turned on she was
getting. Her juices were almost running down her leg. He did not
give her any satisfaction. In a moment her wrists were fastened to
a chain which was hooked to a planter hook in the ceiling, and her
ankles were were also in locking cuffs, but these fastened to the
ends of a long bar, forcing her legs even wider apart. 'You're going
to get thirty strokes,' he said, 'on your cute little ass. After
that you get a choice - you can agree to be my sex slave until you
graduate, or you can take another thirty strokes, but this time
across your tits. Well, here we go.'

She flinched as the paddle whipped past her upturned ass and cunt,
but the stroke did not connect. 'The bastard!' she thought,
'he's playing with me.' The second and third strokes did not make
contact either, and she was beginning to think that the whole
thing was a game, but suddenly the paddle bit into her bottom, and
she felt a line of fire across her cheeks. 'Oh, that's BAD!' she
thought, 'I'can't stand that I've got to tell him to stop.'

She started wriggling, moaning and pleading through her gag, as
the paddle hit her buttocks again and again. By the tenth stroke
she realized that he was rather enjoying the wriggling, but
otherwise paying no attention to her pleas, and she started to cry
tears of pain and frustration.

After twelve strokes, he paused to cut the clothing off her body
then got himself a drink and sat in an armchair admiring her
youthful curves displayed in bondage. The former creamy white cheeks
of her beautiful ass were now fiery red and swollen. He waited until
her sobs were reduced to quiet snuffling. The next twelve strokes
were delivered very slowly, with pauses to fondle her tits and
caress her pussy. She was still desperately turned on, and
each time his fingers stroked her clit she would almost come, but
he seemed to know this and would recall her from the brink of orgasm
with another slashing blow across her swolllen hot red ass.

He paused again, and fetched something that looked to her like
clip on earrings. He started milking her delicate breasts and teased
and pinched her nipples into hard erection. She realized with a shock
what he intended to do. The devices were clipped onto each of
her nipples. They pressed so hard that the nipples were distorted.
They had small bells dangling down, that tinkled as her breasts
jiggled back and forth. The clips hurt, but not nearly as much as
her tormented butt.

The last six strokes were the worst. These were as slow as the
previous set, but without any delightful fondling to relieve them.
Each one was harder than the last, and they covered the back of her
thighs as well as her now burning resilient ass. She was sure he
had lost count, and would go on spanking her for ever. The last one
was a vicious uppercut, that left a welt on her inner thigh only
inches from her shaved pussy's delicate coral lips which were now
gaping open and swollen.

He waited until she had stopped crying again, then removed her gag.
"Wan't any more?' he asked. 'Across your tits this time?'

'No, no, please, I beg you, no, no more.'

'Beg to be my sex slave then. Call me Master.'

'Please, oh, please, Master, let me be your sex slave, but don't
punish me any more. I'll do anything you want, anything at all.
Please Master, I beg you!'

'You agree to do anything I want with anyone I want until you
graduate in two years?'

'Yes Master.'

				 *     *     *

The next few hours were a blur for Elizabeth. She remembered the
first orgasm her new Master had allowed her, still tied bent over,
but with his whole fist thrust into her tender pussy, but after
that, it was hard to keep track. Had she masturbated with the big
black dildo in front of video camera before or after he had come
in her mouth? How many times had she come when he fucked her
doggy fashion with the 10" vibrating buttplug quivering	up her
asshole? Had she really begged to lick his cock clean after he had
come in her virgin rear passage? How long had he left her left her
ankles and wrists tied to her slave collar, with ice cubes in-
side her splayed pussy. She felt that her cunt was almost frozen
before he had finally warmed her with some fresh hot cum. She
finally fell asleep, sore and exhausted, tied spreadeagled on
his bed, her private parts displayed for all to see.

Others came into the room to view this erotic scene. Some fondled
her tits while others opened her vulva and stretched her vagina
wide to see the pink folds inside. Then they kissed her all over
and left.
			 *    *    *

She was awakened by being almost smothered by warm fragrant flesh.
She tried to push the offender away, and discovered with panic
that she could not move. The events of the past few hours came back
to her in a rush, and she opened her eyes expecting to see her
Master's body, but to her shock there was another shaved pussy
right above her mouth. She shook her head, but heard the professor
say, 'Suck her, bitch, I want to see you eat her out. When she
refused, she heard a familiar swish, and felt a whip leave a
stinging welt on her thigh. At once her mouth was open and her
tongue was reaching for the other girl's gaping pussy. The girl
settled her ass down on Elizabeth's face, and begin to squirm
with obvious enjoyment as Elizabeth's tongue entered her pussy.

This was the first time Elizabeth had ever had sex with a woman,
and she felt very humiliated to be forced into it in this way,
but more than that she felt very jealous. Her Master had another
slave girl! She had probably been entrapped in the same way,
Elizabeth thought, and wondered how many coeds over the years
had fallen prey to that hidden tape recorder.

The other girl was moaning now, and Elizabeth could taste the
musky taste of her pussy juices flowing freely. Suddenly she
leaned forward and started licking Elizabeth's pussy, spreading
the lips and tounge fucking her vagina. Life wasn't all bad,
thought Elizabeth. Then her Master mounted the girl on top,
and entered her pussy from behind. Without being told, Elizabeth
licked his balls and his cock as it slid deeply in and out of
her rival's pussy. He came almost at once, and Elizabeth had
the dubious pleasure or tasting her Master's cum dripping out
of another girl's cunt. Then the two slaves worked each other
into loud and glorious joint orgasms.
				 *     *     *

The other slave turned out to be a good looking redhead called
Cindy, who was in her final year at the university, and had been
the professor's sex slave for the past two years. Elizabeth
noticed with shocked horror that she wore gold rings in both of
her nipples.

As the newest slave girl, Elizabeth was the lowest one
on the totem pole, and she had to spend the rest of the night hog
tied naked on the floor, while her master and Cindy used the bed.
In the morning she fetched them both breakfast in bed, and then
she noticed Cindy whispering in her Master's ear (and licking
it a little, too).

'Cindy would like to really put you in your place,' he said. '
She wants to use your tongue for toilet paper. I'm going to let
her, but I'm going to fuck her in the ass first, so you'll
really have something to clean up.' Cindy grinned, rolled over
on to her belly, and placed a pillow under her middle, so that
her asshole was offered for penetration. She reached behind with
her hands and spread her cheeks, while the professor fetched a
tube of lubricant and greased up her anus. With three fingers
he stretched her asshole so Elizabeth could see the soft brown
shit she would soon be tasting. 'Her ass isn't as nice as mine,'
thought Elizabeth, as she watched her Master working his rigid
cock into the proffered passageway. With Cindy squirming
beneath him, and begging for him to come up her ass, it was not
long before he spent inside her and removed his shit covered prick
which he made Elizabeth lick clean.

Cindy then quickly excused herself and made for the bathroom,
pulling Elizabeth behind her by the hair.

After Cindy has emptied her bowels, she made Elizabeth kneel
behind her, spread her ass wide and lick her asshole and the area
around it until it was clean. Poor Elizabeth felt sick and revolted,
but her master was watching with a whip in his hands, so she
forced herself to go on with the distasteful task and swallow the
fecal matter in her mouth. 'Next time,' Cindy told her with a
wicked grin, 'I'm going to piss in your mouth.'

				 *     *     *

Cindy left for lectures, but the professor had one humiliation left
for Elizabeth. He placed a silver collar with the word "SLUT"
engraved on it around her neck, and locked it in place with a tiny
padlock. 'That will mark you as my slave for a while,' he said,
pocketing the key. 'Next week I'll put rings through your nipples,
just like Cindy, and maybe your soft pussy lips as well.' She started
to protest, but he silenced her with a warning pinching of those
very sensitive lips. 'If you're a very good little girl, maybe I'll
let you take your revenge on Cindy. Now jack me off one more time
and swallow my cum....'




			Elizabeth's Punishment  Chapter II
				by His Lordship

The next week was a difficult one for Elizabeth. Every day she wore
sweaters with high polo necks to hide the slave collar lock around
her neck, and the weather continued to be hot and sweaty. The stubble
of her pubic hair growing out again was itchy, and it took her bottom
and her vulva a couple of days to get over the painful attention they
had received. Also, she was constantly reminded of the fact
that she had spent a night of sexual slavery in the hands of her math
professor, by being intimately checked daily at school between classes
where he would fondle her and finger fuck her under her skirt until
she came (she was not allowed to wear a bra or panties to school).
Also that more was to come.

For some reason, that night did not seem to her to be quite as
terrible in retrospect as it had at the time. When she thought back to
it, she would become aroused, and when she remembered her Master's
promise that she would be allowed to take her revenge on his other
slave girl, Cindy, for being forced to lick her ass clean, she would
begin play with herself and masterbate. Each time her teasing fingers
brought her to orgasm, she would imagine Cindy supported only by
the rings in her nipples and a massive dildo pushed deepin her ass,
being forced to lick Elizabeth's pussy as she pissed in her face.

Sometimes Elizabeth would stroke her own nipples, (on which she was
required to keep the clips at all times) and remember her Master
threatening to pierce them, so that she could wear rings just like
Cindy's. She could not quite bring herself to believe that anyone
could do that to her. It just wouldn't happen. But the thought
made her nipples stiff and the clips hurt more, and sometimes
she would imagine Cindy and herself changing places, imagine her
own pert ass penetrated by a huge butt plug, her tender nipples
pierced, pulled and tormented, and the foul taste of piss in
her mouth. This image made her come even more strongly than when
the roles were reversed. Had Elizabeth been more introspective
she might have been concerned by the discovery of this new side
to her nature, but she was content for the moment to swim in a
sea of experience.

On one occasion she had run into Cindy on the campus. She had
pretended not to recognize the redhead, but the other girl had
walked over to her and smiled. "Hi there, ass licker," Cindy had
sneered, "looking forward to next time?" Elizabeth had blushed
and run away.
			       *       *      *

"Strip!"was her Master's first command to her as she walked in
his door. Well, she had not expected an affectionate welcome.
She quickly removed her light sun dress, and the scarf that
disguised her slave collar, but retained the uncomfortable high
heeled shoes that her Master enjoyed. She did not wear underwear,
and her pussy was newly shaved. This week she had arrived on time.

"Get down on all fours - stick your ass	up in the air! Knees apart,
bitch!"	She was	quick to obey. Her Master stood	over her with a
leather cat of nine tails in his hand. He trailed the ends of the
whip up the tender crevice between the lips of her pussy. "Three
strokes to put you in your place. You will ask for each one,
and thank me afterwards."

"Yes, Master. Please may I have	the first stroke?"

"Where?"

"On my behind. Please, Master, may I have the first stroke on my
bottom?" The whip came down on her buttocks with a stinging blow
that left her gasping. "Ah, ah,	ah. Thank you, Master. Please may
I have the second stroke on my bottom?"	The second stroke was much
harder than the first. She could barely sob out the words now.
"Aaaah,	oooh. Thank you, Master. Please	may I have the third stroke
on my tender ass?"

"No, not on your bottom. On your pussy."

She flinched in anticipation. "No, Master, please..."

"Ask for it, slut, or you'll get thirty	strokes, not three."

"Please, Master, may I have the	last stroke on my pussy." She almost
whispered the last word.

"Ask for an extra hard stroke."

"Please, Master, may I have an extra hard stroke on my pussy."
The last blow cut viciously up into her most tender flesh, and reduced
her to tears. Her master watched her crouched at his feet until her
sobs died down to whimpers. He recorded all this on video and
finished it off by fucking her now very sensitive, painful vulva
with a huge vibrator that he shoved forcefully in and out of her
swollen vagina until she came with long racking sobs
			       *       *      *

Cindy was waiting for them when her Master led her into the
bedroom. Not that Cindy had much choice in the matter - she
was well restrained with a long dildo fully inserted in her
wide spread cunt. She would have to wait around for ever,
unless someone felt like releasing her from her bonds. "Well,
it won't be me," thought Elizabeth, as she savoured the
helplessness of her rival. The redhead's totally naked body
bore the signs of a recent whipping. Her ankles were tied to
either end of a long bar, keeping her legs spread painfully
far apart. Her wrists were fastened to a similar bar, which
attached in the middle to a collar around her neck. A large
ball gag was strapped into her mouth. To complete her
immobilization, the rings on her nipples were attached with
thread to a hook in the ceiling. The threads were so short
that she had to stand on tip toe to prevent the rings from
being ripped out. As it was the nipples were stretched to about
an inch long. The stain was obvious in the lines on her face,
body and breasts. "She's all yours for an hour or two, Elizabeth.
Do whatever you like to her." Cindy grunted through her	gag
and tried to shake her head.

"Thank you, Master," said Elizabeth, her pussy wet with
anticipation. Then she whispered, "Do you have a really
enormous butt plug?" The professor smiled and nodded.

It took a while before Elizabeth had Cindy's asshole plugged
to her satisfaction. She had worked up through several smaller
dildos, lubricating each one, and working it in and out several
times before going on to the next one. After each one she had
paused to taunt her rival, slap her ass, inserting more fingers
each time until she could put her whole fist up Cindy's ass, pinch
and pull her pussy lips, and push her almost off balance stretching
her nipples even more. Before the final plug was inserted,
the professor has been so turned on he had ordered Elizabeth
to suck his cock. She rammed the last dildo into place with the
taste of her Master's cum still in her mouth.

"Please, Master," Elizabeth asked, "May	I play with myself while
I whip this bitch?" Her	master nodded, and handed her the whip
that he had just been using on her. For the first time in her
life, Elizabeth, while caressing her clitoris, started to
punish another girl. The discovery of the submissive streak
in her nature was nothing to the discovery of her capacity for
cruelty. Again and again while the whip in her hand cut at
Cindy's body, leaving welts on buttocks, thighs, back, belly
and breasts, her fingers stroked her own cunt faster and faster.
Her fingers brought her to climax after climax. Finally,
as she was standing behind the other slave whipping up between
her legs to torture her inner thighs and pussy, and coming with
almost every blow, her Master stopped her to protect the other
girl. She fell on his body desperate for sex, and rode his prick
to another shattering climax.
			       *       *      *

That was not the end of Cindy's degradation for the night, nor
Elizabeth's for that matter. Elizabeth insisted that she wanted
to force Cindy to drink her urine, and her Master was happy to
arrange that. He removed the threads from her nipples and
fastened her spreader bars to the furniture so she was spread
eagled on the floor. She was still shivering and sobbing from the
whipping she had just received. He replaced the ball gag in
her mouth with a similar one that had a hole through the middle
for her to breathe through, and forced her to do this by placing
a clip on her nose. Next he stuck a length of rubber tube in the
outside end of the breathing hole, and attached a funnel to
that. He handed the funnel to Elizabeth. "Now just pee in there,"
he said. "She won't be able to breathe unless she swallows
whatever comes down."

By now Cindy was becoming aware of her predicament, and was
shaking her head, and trying to plead for mercy through her gag,
but there was no mercy to be had in that room. Elizabeth squatted
down, and held the funnel to her privates. A stream of yellow piss
glistened into the funnel, and the redhead began to gag and choke
as it trickled down into her mouth. "Drink it down, bitch!"
gloated Elizabeth. "Drink it all. This will teach you to make me
lick the shit from your ass. It's an ugly scrawny ass, and you're
an ugly scrawny slut, and you're going to drink all my piss, and ."
then I'm going to make you eat my shit."
			       *       *      *

Elizabeth had a lot more plans for Cindy, and was about to start
dripping molten candle wax on her clit when her Master ordered
her to stop. "Remember what I promised you last	week?" he asked.
She shook her head. He held up a large needle and smiled.

"Oh, no," she said, her hands cupping her breasts protectively.
"No, you can't.	Not like her, no!" She realized he really was
going to put rings in her nipples, as a mark of her slavery.

Her Master was not to be swayed. He ordered her to lie on the
dining table in a voice that was not to be disobeyed, and quickly
tied her arms and legs to the table legs. "I could gag you, so
you would have something to bite down on, but I think I'd rather
hear you scream," he said. He carefully	sterilized the needle with
bleach, and wiped antiseptic on her right nipple. "Ready?" She
tried to say she was not, and would never be, but she was so
scared by now that the words would not come out. She watched the
tip of the needle as if it were a cobra poised to strike.
He played with her nipple, teasing it into erection, then grasped
it firmly between finger and thumb....

"Aaahhhhhwww!" she screamed as the needle pierced her delicate
pink nipple. She sobbed at the pain and humiliation, as the
professor went about replacing the needle with a gold ring, and
welding it in place. Now she was marked for good as a slave.
How could she date normal boys, or even think of herself as a
normal person with a mark of slavery permanently attached to her
breast? She remembered Cindy tied up by her nipple rings
desperately trying to keep her balance, and realized that she
would be in that position soon.

"Next week I'll	make you beg for the other one," the professor
promised her, and left her tied to the table while he went to
attend to Cindy.
			       *       *      *

There was to be no sleep for Elizabeth that night. Her master
made her wear very high heeled shoes, and fastened her ankles
in a leg spreader, then he stretched a rope across the room between
her legs, so that it was pulled up taut between her pussy lips and
rubbed on her clit, and forcing her to stand. Her wrists were
handcuffed to her locking metal collar, which was hooked to
a chain dangling from the ceiling, so that there was no way
she could hope to lie down. She watched jealously through the
bedroom door, as the professor took Cindy tenderly to bed, and
then fucked her in the ass till she came.

Soon she was the only one in the apartment left awake, and
she thought back to the events of the evening, and felt the
stinging pain that still came from her mutilated swollen nipple.
"Perhaps he'll lock my nipple rings to Cindy's," she thought,
and imagined what that would feel like. The image was too much for
her, and she started to rub her pussy backwards and forwards
on the coarse rope, until she came again. Her orgasm wracked
her whole body, but afterwards the inside of her pussy was
almost as sore as her nipple. It was going to be a very long night.

			       *       *      *

The following morning her master released her, bathed her
tenderly, and took her to bed with him while Cindy waited on them.
His tenderness soon turned to sexuality, and as he penetrated her
sore vagina, he whispered to her of his plans for her body.
Her labia were to be pierced like her nipples, and rings
inserted in them. She was to be rented out to other Masters and
Mistresses for their pleasure, and publicly exhibited in front
of her friends by having a leash clipped to the rings in her
labia and led by her Master like a pet. Her ass was to be
branded with a red hot iron..... As she climaxed she believed
it all, and was looking forward to it, but afterwards
she whispered in his ear, "Cindy, next week let's brand	Cindy!"

"Maybe," he said, and left her to sleep. As he passed Cindy,
he casually grabbed her short red hair, and dragged her out of
the room with him. As Elizabeth drifted into unconsiousness, she
heard the crack of a riding crop on tender flesh, and Cindy's
voice squealing, and pleading for mercy. She smiled.
