The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Subject: EBS: Ellen [18/26] 


                            Ellen
                             by
                     Emerson Laken-Palmer

                           Part 18.

  "Are you alright?" I asked.
  "God, you're so BIG," she quietly squealed, as she sat there,
with her eyes closed, waiting to get used to me.  I reached up and
grasped her warm breasts, squeezing lightly.  I couldn't keep
myself from pushing my shaft up, into her, from the bed.  Man, my
little sister felt so good!  Just being inside her again was
ecstasy!
  Then she put her hands on my shoulders, as she leaned over me,
and Ellen started to slowly screw herself on my cock.
  It was heaven!  I strained up with my head and took one of her
nipples into my mouth.  It was thumb-tip sized and soft and tasted
slightly salty.  I began to suck on it as she fucked me, still
squeezing her other firm, breast in my hand.
  "Oh yes!" she whispered, "that feels so good!  Suck on it,
Danny!"
  After only a few moments, I was ready to spurt!  I pulled my
mouth from her tit and pulled her upper body down, motionless, on
top of me.
  "Stop or I'll cum in you," I urgently whispered.
  "Okay," she panted in my ear, "let's just lay and feel each other
until your cum feeling goes away."
  God!  It was harder to be motionless, inside of her, than it
sounded.  I hugged her soft, slim body tightly to me for a time,
feeling her chest heaving with her excited breathing and her
fragrant hair on my face and her hot pussy clasping at my
sensitive, rigid cock.
  After at time, my feeling of orgasm subsided a little and I
started to thrust my cock up into her again to show her that I was
ready.  Ellen got up on her arms and she began to fuck me some
more, churning her pubic bone on mine as my cock pressed deeply
into her hot, restrictive belly.
  The smell of her sex filled my nostrils as I looked down and
watched her curvy hips working in a fuck motion.  I could hear
the squishy sound of her pussy now, as she worked it on me.  I
could also see, at her flat lower stomach, her little, ash-blonde
pubic patch meshing, in sexual intercourse, with my, brillo-like,
black hair.  God!  The sight made me want to boil over with cum
again and I quickly pulled her back down and held her body
motionless, against me, once more.
  "Oh, I was so close!" she breathlessly cried in my ear.
  "God you feel so good, Ellie!  I can hardly stand it!  You're
going to make me cum in you if you don't stop!"
  My sister cried noises of frustration on top of me and began to
kiss my ear and my neck and my chin and my cheeks as I lay under
her and tried to calm myself down.
  "Make me cum," she breathlessly whispered between her kisses. "I
want to cum, Danny.  I need to cum.  I want to feel what it's like
to cum with you inside me."
  Ellen tried to work her pussy on my sensation receptive cock but
I quickly grabbed her round, baby-soft ass and held it firmly to
keep her from pushing me over the edge.  We lay for a time more,
holding our naked bodies tightly together and panting into each
others' ears.  We were becoming slick with sexual heat and
perspiration as we clung to one another in the darkened room.
  "Okay," I finally whispered, as I realized that I had calmed down
a little bit. "But go slow, Ellie."
  Ellen grabbed my shoulders tightly and pushed her upper body back
up over me.  I could see her eyes close and her face take on a
determined, dreamy expression as she started to resume her fucking
motion on me.  I again took her sweaty breast into my mouth and
sucked its large, hard nipple as I grasped the curves of her hips
and felt the urgency of her quickening fuck movements.  I tried,
with all of my might, not to even think about cumming as she
strongly gyrated her sexy little body on me.
  Ellen bent her head down to my ear and whispered, "I'm almost
there, Danny.  I want you to kiss me, real hard, while I cum."
  I moved my mouth to find hers and, as our tongues entwined, I
felt her body suddenly go rigid.  She started to moan into my
face, through her nose, and her lips clamped tighter on mine and
she began to suck my mouth violently.  I could feel her pussy spasm
and it started to squeeze my dick with a velvety wet clamp as she
ground her little pussy, fast and hard, on my dick bone.
  It took all the strength I had to keep myself from erupting into
her.  I strained against my approaching orgasm and I pushed my cock
up into her and waited until she had fully climaxed and, at the
first hint of her relaxing, I pulled her back down on top of me and
held her tightly.

--