The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Subject: EBS: Ellen [19/26] 


                            Ellen
                             by
                     Emerson Laken-Palmer

                           Part 19.

  She pulled her mouth away from mine and said, "Oh, God!"  And
then she pulled her lower body up so that my swollen dick pulled
out of her with a loud, wet, suction sound.  "Oh God, Danny," she
repeated, breathlessly. "It's so sensitive now.  I can't have it
inside me anymore."
  "What?" I asked in her ear.
  She lay herself back down on me so that her fuzzy pubic mound
rested on my throbbing cock.  "I'm tingling all over, Danny.  I
think I'm still cumming!  Ohhhh!  It was wonderful," she cooed in
my ear, "but my pussy just tickles too much now to have you in me
anymore."
  "But what about me?  How do I get off?"
  She was quiet for a moment and then she said, "I'll work it out
of you with my hand again."
  Well, I reasoned, I really didn't want to take the chance of
cumming in her....  I was so horny now that anything would feel
good.  But, in my hormonal rage, an idea came to me.
  "Ellie," I asked, "do you think you could put it in your mouth?"
  "What?"
  "You know...."
  "Blow you?"  She sounded irate and she lifted her head from my
shoulder and looked directly at me.  "I'm not going to blow you,
Danny!"
  "God, Ellie! I licked your pussy!"
  "Yeah, but you like it!"
  "No I don't," I lied, "I did it for YOU.  So you would get
pleasure.  Couldn't you do the same for me?"
  She was quiet for a while and she bent her head so that her
forehead was touching my collar bone.  I wondered what was going
through her mind.
  "Well, okay," she said reluctantly, "but don't you dare cum in
my mouth!"
  "Oh, never!" I said.
  Ellen sat up and leaned over and suddenly the room was full of
light.  She had turned on the lamp.
  "What?"
  "I want to see it," she said, as she moved to sit, cross legged,
next to my thighs, "I want to see it when you cum."
  "Yeah, sure."
  I looked down at her pretzeled little body as she leaned over my
dick and held it in her hand.  She gazed at it, pasty with her
drying moisture, for long moments.  "It smells like pussy," she
observed, crinkling her nose.  "Shouldn't you go clean it?"
  "No," I assured her, "it's YOUR pussy!"
  She shrugged and dropped her tongue to the tip of it.  The warm,
wet contact made me shiver.
  "This is so nasty," she whispered, looking at me over the top of
my dick and grinning in pained embarrassment, "I can't believe I'm
doing this."  But then she put the head between her lips and softly
sucked on it.
  Son of a bitch it was spectacular!  My cock just thrilled from
it.
  She pulled her face back a little and now seemed to be minutely
examining my shaft and my balls for a few moments.  A drop of
excited pre-cum appeared out of the opening of my dick as she held
it firmly in her hand.
  She turned her head to me, pulling her hair over so that I could
see her pretty face.  Then my little sister started to jerk me off,
leaning down to just lick or kiss the head every so often.
  "Put it in your mouth," I softly instructed.
  Ellen made a sour face but she bent over and put the head between
her lips again, sucking now as she jacked me.  She scraped me with
her teeth a couple of times (at first) but, as she got used to what
she was doing, I could sense that she was becoming interested in
how to please me and that she was actually getting into it herself.
   Her eyes closed (the way they did when she was kissing) and her
sucking and jacking soon began to feel deliciously sensual and
wondrous.  After a time, she started to slowly lick my cock, from
the base to the tip, with long, wet tongue strokes, as she gripped
my shaft and squeezed it.  The sensations made me whimper and lift
my ass from the bed.
  "Does this feel good?" she asked, smiling coyly as she looked up
my body at me.

--