The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Subject: EBS: Ellen [16/26] 

                            Ellen
                             by
                     Emerson Laken-Palmer

                           Part 16.

  I looked at her, astonished.  "You mean you and Phil....."
  Her face went red with anger at me.  "HELL NO!  What do you think
we are?"
  "Yeah," Phil jumped in, "what are you....sick?"
   They took me home.  Everyone was asleep.  I looked in my
sister's room on my way to bed.  She was sleeping soundly.  I had
the crazy idea of going to her bed and feeling her pussy while she
was asleep.
  I shook that idiotic thought from my mind and went to my room to
jack off (thinking about Ellen) and sleep.

  The next day, at school, I was horny as a goat.  All the girls
just seemed to look terrific and I fantasized about fucking all of
them or eating their pussies.  I couldn't wait to get home to
relieve my sexual desire with Ellen.
  When I got home, Ellen was already there.  Her chubby friend
Kathy was with her and they were working on some class project.
I sat in the living room and watched them work at the dining room
table.
  Ellen was wearing a short skirt that really enhanced her young
figure.  Her top buttoned and she had one too many unbuttoned so
I could see flashes of her white bra when she bent over the table
to point something out to Kathy.
  Looking at her was driving me mad.
  Why did she have to have KATHY here?  Why couldn't we be alone?
  After a time, Ellen went into the kitchen to get a snack for her
and her friend.  I jumped up and followed her in.
  I walked up behind her, as she looked in the cupboard, and put
my arms around her so that my hands were on her breasts and I
pushed my hard-on against the crack of her ass.
  "What are you doing?" she said in a testy voice and she pulled
my hands from her.
  "I want you." I said to her as she turned to face me.
  "Are you CRAZY?" she said, her eyes wide with a look of disgust.
  "What do you mean?"  I asked, angry now that she implied that I
was nuts.
  "Kathy's here," she said, "and besides... I don't want to do that
kind of dirty thing anymore."
  I was totally baffled now.  I looked it too.
  Ellen walked away from me, to the refrigerator.  She took out
some sandwich meat and mustard.  I watched her make two sandwiches
but all the while I stared at her cleavage (between the part of
her blouse).  She noticed me and looked down at her chest.  She
made a grunt of disapproval and buttoned the top two buttons.
  "Is that ALL you ever think about?" she asked, with a tone of
disdain.
  "I'm HORNY!" I pleaded at her.
  Ellen made a face and gestured for me to quiet down.  "Go jack
off then," she said in a bitchy voice, and then she took the food
out to Kathy.
  Damn her!  I thought, as I stood alone now in the kitchen.  I was
really getting pissed because she was coming on with such an
attitude and making me feel like some kind of a sicko (which, I
guess, I was!).
  I stormed up to my room and turned the stereo up loud, to try and
drown my horniness and my shame with the music, but it didn't work.
I really needed to get a nut off.  That would relieve this damnable
urge.  I lay on the bed and whipped it out, jacking it with
urgency.  But the damned thing didn't want my hand, it wanted
pussy.  Real pussy!  Pussy that I should be able to have because
she was just downstairs!  But all I had was my hand and it wasn't
enough.  I needed more to be able to "get off".
  I got up and went into the bathroom, looking for my sister's
panties.  I figured that if I could just smell her pussy again
(while I jacked off), that would be enough.
  There were no panties there though.
  Now I ran downstairs to the basement and the laundry hamper.  I
tore through the dirty clothes, tossing them on the floor, looking
for what I needed.  I found not one, but three pairs of panties,
all with nice pussy deposits in the crotches.  I was going to sniff
each to select the spiciest pair but then I suddenly had a terrible
thought: Were all of these Ellen's?  Or was one of them Mom's?
God, I didn't want to smell the old lady's underpants!
  I looked for the labels, inside the silky garments, to see what
the sizes were.
--