The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Subject: EBS: Ellen [20/26] 

                            Ellen
                             by
                     Emerson Laken-Palmer

                           Part 20.

  "Hell, yes!"  I quietly squealed.
   Now she swirled her tongue around the throbbing head, causing
me to gasp and clutch at my bed sheets.  Then it seemed like she
was trying to see just how much of me she could take into her
pretty mouth.  She began squeezing my balls gently, with one hand,
as she pumped the base of my shaft with the other and lowered her
face to my loins so that my cock head pushed deep into her hot,
sucking mouth.  I could feel her breath on my pubic hair and hear
the baby-like sounds she made as she nursed on me and her tender
tongue worked at tickling my most sensitive area.  It charged me
with an almost unbearable, compelling ecstacy.
  I could feel my balls tighten, as she cradled them in her hand,
and they began to gush with my load.  I reached quickly down and
pulled her hair back so that I could see my cock disappearing into
that sweet mouth.......
  "I'm cumming!"  I urgently whispered and she pulled her face back
as if my dick had been a snake.  She kept jacking me though and you
should have seen her eyes light up, like a kid on Christmas
morning, when I started to spurt huge, milky wads into the air.
  "Wow!" she exclaimed, as she looked down at my dick and the
pearly cum that was shooting out and then oozing from the tip and
dripping down the shaft and over her jacking hand.  She was smiling
brightly at what she had done.
  Then, to my awe, Ellen suddenly leaned over and took the, sperm
coated, head of my dick into her mouth and sucked on it, thrilling
me beyond belief as I felt her draw out the last of my orgasm and
my thick jizz along with it.
  When I was fully spent, she pulled her mouth from me and sat up,
licking my cum from her pretty lips with a thoughtful expression
on her face, as if she were testing a recipe that she had
concocted.  Then she looked at me, pulling her long blond hair
around to the back of her head again, and said, matter-of-factly,
"Your cum isn't so icky, I guess.  It's kind of bitter though," she
casually stated, "but it's sweet... with a sort of a pepper taste
to it."
  That's when we heard our parents door open and Ellen quickly
reached over and turned out the light.
  We sat together in the darkness and listened to the sounds of Dad
taking a squirt.  Then the toilet flushed and we heard him go back
to bed.
  Ellen got up and pulled her night-shirt on over her head.
  "Thank's Ellie," I said, "that was great!"
  She leaned over the bed and kissed me with a passionate, open
mouth.  I could taste my sperm on her tongue as she did it.  When
she pulled her lips away, she looked into my eyes and sweetly
whispered, "I love you, Danny."  Then she stood up and quietly left
the room.

                           Chapter 5

  The next morning, I drove Ellen to school with me.  She was very
quiet on the way.
  "What's with you?" I asked as I parked the Firebird.
  "I don't know," she answered.  "I feel kind of funny this
morning."
  "What do you mean "funny"?"
  "I don't know, Danny.  I just don't feel right about last night.
I mean, it felt really good and all...  I just feel really guilty
and dirty about it now.  I always do afterwards.  And I sucked
your cock," she added in a pained whisper.
  "Oh Ellen, a lot of girls do that..."
  "Not nice ones, Danny."
  "Ellen, you're a nice girl.  You're the nicest girl I can think
of."
  "You don't think I'm like a whore or something?" Her little
voice trembled on the edge of tears. "Danny, I'm only fifteen!"
  I leaned over and hugged her (looking around to make sure that
nobody saw me).
  "No, Ellie," I told her, "you're just as sweet as can be.  Don't
think about it that way.  It felt great to me.  I really loved it!"
  Ellen hugged me back and opened the car door.  "Just don't ask
me to do it again," she said, wiping her wet cheeks with her
fingertips.
--
