CONSUMER ALERT: (No more cheap shots at Matthew) The following
story features dominance, bondage, breast torture, and het anal
sex. In fact, it dwells obsessively on anal sex. In fact, this
story could be used as a summary or marketing aid for anal sex.

Readers will notice apparent inconsistencies in safe-sex procedures
used in this episode. These stories are not meant to educate by
example; however, use of gloves and condoms at times is meant to
preclude spread of bacteria from the lady's own back to front,
rather than to protect one partner from the other.

***The Taming of Eloise (Sort Of) ***

When she's not bouncing off the walls in an erotic frenzy, Eloise comes 
across as  the shyest adult I know. She hides behind almost anything, 
can blend right into a grey brick wall. This is part of what makes her 
such an effective video cameraperson; she can  get right up under
somebody'ss nose and it's still like there was nobody there. These
same qualities make Eloise a natural Watcher. She hovers near a
person or persons having sex, peeking and staring and stroking away
in her own little dimension. It's like there's a benevolent ghost
in the room. You can't see it if you try to look directly at it.
Out of the corner of the eye, perhaps.

Once in a while, Eloise is not a passive participant, but the star of 
the show.  She has a MS. Hyde side that comes out at night. Some nights, 
Eloise blossoms into a brat, then evolves into a fiend, then escalates 
into a maniac.

This was one of those nights. Eloise called me and asked me to meet her 
at Toby's place. I knew Toby was out of town visiting her family, so I 
wondered why anything would be going on.

``There's nothing special going on'' Eloise said, in her wispy little 
voice. ``I  just thought you might like to spend some time together, just 
the two of us.''

I ran this through my  translator and came up with, Eloise wants me to 
top her, and she waited until it could be just the two of us. All right.

***

``Okay. First of all, your safeword.  Whisper it in my ear.'' She did. 
Funny word, nothing like what I would have imagined.

``Good. Now, limits. Anything over and above our defaults--no cutting, no 
burning, no drawing blood, and so on?''

Eloise looked at the floor. ``No. I trust you. Just--make sure to pay 
attention to my--you know...''

Well, I did know. Needed to hear her say it, though. ``Your what?''

``M-my ass. My asshole.''

Well, of course. She wasn't know as Anal Eloise for nothing.

``Just, you know, do things to me. Not anything too _big_, please. And 
hurt me a little, but not too much.''

I smiled. ``a little, but not too much... All right, are we playing?''

``Yes. We're now playing.''

``Good. Take off everything except your socks and shoes.'' With typical 
disinterest in her appearance, Eloise was wearing sweats and sport shoes. 
She peeled out of the sweats and the cotton panties underneath. 
She stood there in the spotlight, naked except for the silly looking
cotton socks and sneakers. ``Um, Sir, why the socks and shoes?''

``Because that way you look undignified'' I replied. ``And to see if you 
would be silly enough to question  my instructions.''

She gulped and said nothing.  She looked vulnerable and lovely, with her 
slender frame and smooth, slightly olive skin. Her delicate, pearshaped 
breasts and long dark nipples caused a subtle movement in the base of my  
crotch. Eloise's smooth, soft belly and fan of dark brown pubic hair led 
my eyes to the junction of trim thighs.  In her daytime role in the 
business world, Eloise was a to-the-knee leg shaver, but this left a 
delightful dusting of golden-brown down on the fronts of her thighs that 
never failed to  thrill me. A dislike of body hair on women has never been 
one of my hangups. If all of us are beautiful at one special time or 
another, then surely we're just as beautiful as is. Eloise's slightly 
furry thighs reminded me of how close human nature is to animal nature,
and getting closer to animal nature was prominent on the evening's
agenda.

***

We did a few things, and then a few more things. I wasn't really really 
topping yet, even though Eloise was enthusiastically bottoming, according 
to her definitions.  Not one wisecrack,  whine, non-sequiter, or verbal 
manipulation had escaped her little rosebud lips in the past ten minutes. 
A non-kvetching Eloise being such a rarity, I checked every once in a while 
to see if she was actually conscious.

Finally, as I sat comfortably astern of Eloise, her stern up in the air 
and her face in the industrial carpet, I wondered what was next. I had 
tickled her asshole; fingered it; rubbed it, stroked it, poked it, and, as 
Eloise and I are part of a very small completely `safe' circle of sexual 
associates, licked it and sucked it. Eloise's anus, aside from being one of 
the prettiest of an often indifferent-looking tribe, always tasted wonderful. 
Some mention has been made of peppermint suppositories, but I would think 
that would sting.

You would think that a woman whose bung tasted like candy, and who could 
have a man stick his tongue into it virtually for the asking, would know 
enough to stay shut up when said man was doing so well. But no.

``Mmmmm....Starr, you ever fist anybody?''

``What if I have?''

She rolled her head to the side and one bright little eye peeked through a 
curtain of straight brown hair. ``Would you do it to me?''

I looked at her with amusement. ``Eloise, your damn pussy is the size of a 
Peacoat buttonhole. I've seen you strain til your eyes bulge out just to 
get a standard size dildo in there.''

``No. I want you to try.''

``Look, darlin', you don't want me for this. You want Joker. Her hands 
are much more the right size, although those busted knuckles might add a 
certain something. And she's been fisting women since the day after it was 
discovered.''

She sighed at my stupidity. ``Not in my cunt, dopey. You know.''

``What?!''

``In my ass.''

Oy. I haven't even done that to a man. Much as I tend to believe that in 
the sacred name of sex, almost anything can be done to almost anything 
else, I was not going  to try to  stick my big square fist into this 
tiny, obsessed woman!

I shook my head. ``No. I'm not going to do it, Eloise. My fist is 
practically as big as your goddamn head! ''  I reached for a pair of 
surgical gloves, because I knew I was going to have to do something pretty 
quickly, if not the unnerving deed she requested.

She writhed against me, looking over her shoulder, tears in her eyes. 
``Please, please, please'' she urged.``It's safe, I know I can take it. 
I'll do anything you want! You can hang me, you can pierce me, you can 
brand my tits, you can tie my pussy lips in a knot!''

I finished pulling on the plastic gloves and scooped up a big glob of lube 
on two fingers of my right hand. ``First, it's not for you to offer me 
shit like that, Eloise. On the other hand, if your pussy lips CAN be tied 
in a knot, we ought to schedule that real soon.'' I grabbed her with my
left hand and pulled her up onto my legs so that her behind was about
halfway down my thighs. ``Now it's time for you to shut up and take
what you're given.''

Eloise shivered.  I took the first two fingers of my right hand and 
rubbed and spread lube all around her little anal ring and into the 
entrance. She wiggled like a fish. I stroked circles around her asshole, 
very slowly introducing more and more lube into the interior.

There is a fun thing that I don't know the name of; it consists of fitting 
the thumb into the anus and the first two fingers into the vagina and 
then kind of agitating around. To do this right you need a small woman 
and a large hand. We happened to have one of the former and two of the
latter. I fitted my hand into Eloise and away we went. The little woman
rose straight up off the floor in a vertical axis like a Tomcat fighter,
groaning and panting most melodiously. We were having fun now! While
Eloise was still trying to climb to the ceiling, although her back
half was crunching down on my hand, I was inspired to a small...
beckoning...motion with the two pussy fingers. Eloise became the
first Jewish girl to speak in perfect Southern Baptist glossolia.

Eloise didn't quite come, but she thrashed around and bellowed and 
testified to the point where she tired out the both of us. I let her 
down, face down onto the carpet, and carefully removed my fingers from 
her various indentations. ``'S take a rest, baby'' I said, rubbing her back. 
I watched with amusement as a little Eloise hand on the end of a slim 
little Eloise arm snaked under her body and reappeared between her legs, 
playing little finger exercises on her pussy and asshole.
Give you the general idea of my well-known unprofessional level of topness; 
I've seen `real' tops nearly destroy a bottom for having the temerity to 
so much as touch any of the nasty bits. Well, that's not my style. Among 
other things, when I see a woman begin a little interval of frobbage,
I stop whatever I'm doing and act like a birdwatcher who
has just seen a rare species. I don't go so far as to take notes, but I 
have been known to forget everything else and hang there with my mouth 
open for as long as it goes on. If I were assigned to guard the Mint, 
all you'd have to do is send a lady around to flip up her skirt and
start rubbing her central control panel, and you could walk out with
the gold a bar at a time.

I let Eloise rest and maintenance-masturbate for about five minutes. 
Then I grabbed her, tied her up, and threw her on the railroad tracks. 
Well, everything but the last part.

***

Now, we were  ready for some serious stuff.  Eloise looked just darling,  
tied over the low weight bench, balanced on her midsection, her legs 
spread widely, ankles tied to either end of the bench.  Her arms were 
neatly but not painfully tied behind her back, and her litttle pointed 
breasts hung straight down toward the floor with what small weight they had.
I walked around the bench and squatted down in front of Eloise's head
and shoulders. ``Feel all right?'' I said casually.

``Yes Sir'' she said, in a slightly strangled voice.

I lay on the floor so I could look up at her little pink face, framed in 
curtains of straight brown hair. I rubbed my fingers across her lips, and 
she sweetly licked and sucked my fingers as they passed. I reached past her 
face and gently took hold of her long brown nipples, one in each hand.
``Lovely little nipples, Eloise'' I murmured. ``Whatever would one do
with cute little nipples like these...?''

``Oooh, pinch them! Pull on them!'' In a classical sense, Eloise 
made a lousy bottom, but she sure brought a good deal of  basic enthusiasm 
into the situation.

I squeezed a little harder and pulled down just a bit. Eloise wriggled as 
best she could in her tied-up state. I amused myself with the soft, yet 
hard, buds for a moment or two. I was vamping, trying to think of a really 
elegant thing to do next. Then I tugged again and said ``Clips?''

`Oh GOD Yes!''

I had it now. The wind chimes. I had been wanting to try this out for some 
time. ``Hold what you got, Eloise, I'll be right back. We're going to make 
you into delicious living sculpture...''

I went to the sideboard and got out a package of high-quality Spartacus 
nipple clips. They were sealed in indivdual plastic packs after having 
been sterilized. Toby had a medical student sterilize all the toys as a 
matter of course, although Spartacus nipple clips are of such high
quality construction I have never see them draw one spot of blood.
Still, love in the '90's calls for a little safety, and it's little
enough...

I tucked the clips in my pocket and sauntered up into the kitchen. On a 
high shelf I found the things I was looking for. Some well-meaning loon 
had given Toby a pair of Puka shell wind chimes a couple years back. She 
had never hung them up--random noise is not one of the things that my
T. finds pleasant. But she couldn't bring herself to throw them away.
And now I was going to put them to artistic use.

I wanted to tighten the clips up  enough so they would take the weight of 
the silly shells, but not unnecessarily  tight; I wanted to tease Eloise's 
sweet little nipples, not wreck them. ``How you doing, Sweetheart?''

``AAAAHHH!...''

``Good. Thanks, Honey. You make this a positive pleasure..''  I hung one 
of the sets of chimes from the nipple clip ring, keeping the weight in 
my hand, and then slowly let the shell construction down until the full 
weight depended from her now-stretched nipple.

``EEYOWW!'' Eloise exclaimed. She started to twitch and wriggle, then went 
still as she realized that every movement set the chimes to shimmying and 
shifting, which in turn resulted on a very complicated set of tuggings on 
her poor little tit-tip. ``Ah, Jesus Christ Satan H. FUCK!!''  Eloise 
continued. ``I can't STAND it! Oh shit, fuck me, play with my clit, fuck 
me in the ass do SOMETHING!!!''

I figured if she was that stoked behind one wind chime, a matched set 
would probably blow her right off the earth. So I wasted no time in 
affixing the other decoration to her remaining nipple. At that point, 
she couldn't remain still. She writhed in her bonds like a graduate
belly dancer.

I moved around behind Eloise, removed my pants and briefs, and kneeled 
down behind her. She was twitching and crying, and the wind chimes were 
making little clinking noises. Not being able to move anything else, she 
flexed her thighs and worked her ass and pelvic muscles. Looking at
that mixer double-rotating, I decided that I was going to plunge the
mighty avenging sword into Eloise's fundament after all. ``Eloise,''
I said calmly, ``I'm going to put something into you. But you are
not to come.''

``Umph, umph, EEEE!!''  Eloise said, which I took as assent and 
confirmation.

I may not remember the proper order to get dressed in the morning, but 
somehow, with Eloise's pouting, slippery asshole and positively drooling 
pussy staring at me, I figured out how to slide  a condom over my swollen 
cock, and then slip on fresh latex gloves. Eloise's asshole was still
liberally lubed from our earlier play. I slipped the two magic fingers
in and played around gently. Wow! If every anus was like Eloise's, the
population would immediately level off and probably reverse. On the
other hand, productivity would also drop; everybody would be home
ass-fucking.

Eloise, limber as a salamander, ducked her head and looked back at me 
through the dangling wind chimes. ``Whoa, you gonna fuck me,  huh? 
Fuck me, fuck me, FUCK ME IN THE ASS!!''

``Yes, sweetling, I am.'''  Hot as I was, I was almost afraid to put it 
in, for fear that the first red-hot slippery slide into Eloise would 
have me blasting off like a missile. So I waited a few beats, passing 
the time by parting Eloise's pussy and teasing the front of her clit.
She wailed like a banshee and the wind chimes danced. I searched and
probed among the tender lips and folds until I had the elusive clitoris
more than half exposed. It felt like a red hot gemstone. Hesitant to
run directly on it, I instead tapped very lightly with the tip of my
index finger. On the second tap, Eloise hooted like an owl and
started coming. Oops!

Eloise convulsed; no other word for it. She _bounced_ the whole bench 
up and down. The wind chimes were imitating a hurricane. I felt like  
I had to follow through with the clit-tapping, being a gentlemen and all, 
but I sure wished I had had the brains to slip my cock up Eloise's
behind a little earlier. I hated to kneel there looking at all those
yummy contractions and not be a part of it...

***

Well, if you wanna play, you gotta be ready to improvise. It was fairly 
easy to change my plan because I didn't really have one. It seemed time 
to lose the wind chimes, so I removed them, and the nipple clips, and 
then decided to release Eloise altogether. I untied her from the weight
bench and laid her on the floor, on her back. After her recent orgasm and
other sensory input, she was as loose as a baby. Each arm and leg lolled
off in a different direction. Her reddened, elongated nipples pointed to
opposite corners of the ceiling. Most of her body was smeared with lube,
sweat, and love juice, and her hair was plastered and stuck to her head
and shoulders. She looked wonderful. I felt a big surge of affection,
so I lay down beside her and began kissing and licking her face and neck.

``Grmph'' she said. ``What happened?''

``You got me. One second I'm tapping on your clit in a gentlemanly manner, 
and the next minute, it was orgasm city.''

Eloise blew air through her lips and then grinned. ``We're not done, are we?''

``'sup to you, sweetness. Lousy top that I am, after a beautiful come 
like that one, you get to call it.''

Eloise did something that put me completely off base, and raised the hair 
on the back of my neck and the instrument between my legs. She rolled 
herself up, knelt on the carpet face down, stuck her rump up in the air, 
reached back and spread  the cheeks of her tiny ass, and _presented_ to
me. ``Tell ya what, motherfucker, '' she said in her little-girl voice,
``how about if you put it right THERE?''

Wooo! Ever try to  make sure your condom  was firmly in place  when your 
hands, your dick,  the rest of your body, and much of the surrounding area 
are already slick as  tree weasels? Of course you have. Everybody has. I 
felt like a 15 year old as I fumbled and bumbled, gawking all the while
at the perfect, pink, gooshy target.

Finally verified total safe sex mode. I moved up behind Eloise and worked 
the head of my cock around the general area. ``Put it in put it in put 
it IN!!'' she chanted. Some bottom.  I complied. As soon as she had custody 
of the first inch or so, Eloise surged backwards and impaled herself.

I narrowly escaped being bent double. I slapped one of her ass cheeks 
with one hand and grabbed a handful of her sweaty, messy hair with the 
other.  ``Dammit, Eloise, work with me here'' I growled. I started fucking 
her at a measured pace, and she loosened up all over and began vocalizing.
She was singing the assfuck grunt, which she didn't always do. It sounds
more familiar coming out of a guy; I myself have had (ahem) opportunity
to sing a few choruses in my day...

***

In and out, in and out. I was controlling this fuck, but not by much. 
Eloise kept trying to pick up the pace, so that we got out of sync like 
two ticking clocks. I in turn cheated my way back to the pace I wanted by 
skipping every fourth thrust or so. The sounds she was making were
getting to me as much as the sensations of sliding in and out of her
tight, hot rectum. It was like listening to somebody far away singing
a heartfelt chant in a familiar language. Every once in a while, a
word or two of plaintext would slip through, ``...me...ass...fuck...
hot...doit...'' and so on.

Eloise had also managed to get her right hand back up between her legs 
and was doing what felt like a great variety of things to the forward 
parts of her sweet sexual equipage. At one point my cock distinctly felt 
the tips of her two fingers as she pressed them inside herself and up
into the roof of her vagina! Unbelievably strange and wonderful.

``Starr!'' Eloise panted. ``Are you gonna come?''

``Yes, baby, very soon now!''

``Ooh, do it! Come in my ass! I want to feel it!''

``I will! I want you to come too!''

`I will when you do!''

``I will when YOU do!''

Fortunately, (we might otherwise still be there, like Laurel and Hardy 
stuck in a doorway) I felt myself beginning to commence to arrive.  
I slowed down slightly, Eloise speeded up slightly, and, positively 
drumming on her clit, began to come once more. Had I never done this
before, I would have been shot out of the little woman's ass and
across the room with her first contraction, it was that strong. I
hung in there, riding the waves of Eloise's orgasm as my own was
pretty much milked, if not yanked, out of me. Each of Eloise's
spasms tried to squirt my dick out, and each of mine was accompanied
by a deep thrust where I regained lost ground.

Incredibly (but totally Eloise), as I was just about all come out, Eloise 
swiveled her head around, leered at me, tipped me a huge _wink_, and 
clamped down on me with what felt like everything in her pelvis, muscle, 
bone, nerves and all. On the backstroke from that one, I helplessly
felt another heavy spurt of semen escape me into the overloaded
condom. Good thing I wasn't saving that for later, I thought.

It took me a good five minutes to get myself and the condom out of Eloise's 
service entrance. Eloise seemingly wanted to keep the condom, but I didn't 
think that would be neat. We lay on the floor, side by side,  panting 
and gasping and dripping a half-dozen fluids from various places.
I reached over and grabbed Eloise's hand and chewed lightly on some
of her fingers. ``You know, pest, for a pest, you're a hot fuck'' I
said in a friendly manner.

``Toby's going to have to have this carpet shampooed again'' she said, 
absently. She rolled over on her side and looked at my face. ``You sure 
know how to fuck a lady in the ass'' she said. ``Some do, most don't.''

``Aw shucks, ma'am, I just slipped it in and held on for the  ride.''

Eloise grinned and slipped her fingers into her sopping, dripping 
pussy and kind of rummaged around lightly. ``Yeah, but boy, did I come! 
How did it feel when I came?''

``Like a cross between a milking machine and the hand of the Petaluma 
wrist-wrestling champion...is it true you can sit on a wine bottle and 
uncork it no-hands?''

She slapped me lightly. ``That's no way to talk about your good buddy's 
asshole.'' She rolled over, facing away from me, and spread her cheeks 
with her hands. ``Look at this thing! Is it all stretched out of shape?''

``Hey Soos, woman, you have asked me to look at your asshole more times 
than all the other people I ever knew combined!...' I look at Eloise's 
rectum. In some ways, it was prettier than ever, reddened and definitely 
loosened, slathered with lube and whatnot. It was well-nigh perfect,
a ring of healthy, convoluted skin and muscle, set off with a delicious
surround of light, feathery dark hair.

As I admired the beauty between Eloise's cheeks, some little Eloise hands 
crept in and began stroking, and then a little Eloise finger slid into the 
slippery little orifice. ``I don't suppose...?'' she said, in her 
little-girl voice.

``Darling, I'm only just getting my wind back, and my dick is lying there 
limply with a smile on its face. Are you telling me, in your usual 
obscure way, that you're not done?''

She rolled back over toward me, and, spreading her vulva with one hand, 
seized her little clit alarmingly with the thumb and fingers of the other 
hand and kind  of held it out to me. ``Well, wouldn't you like a little 
lick of this, anyway?''

``Sure. Of course. Put it back closer to where it belongs; you make me 
nervous.'' Woman has no regard for the fragility of female sexual 
treasures, hers or anyone else's. Once Toby  picked up this very exotic 
Texas albino woman named Cesura. Eloise caught one look at this woman's
clitoris, which was, admittedly, quite lovely, and jumped on it like
a pit bull. Man that I am, I was wincing the whole evening as Eloise
acted like she was Consumer Reports doing a clit endurance test;
then I noticed that the owner of the clit was responding to all this
harassment with what she later admitted were the most and the hottest
comes of her entire life...Go figure.

Eloise rose into the air--she was always doing that, which I suppose is 
easy when you weigh under 100 pounds and are as strong as Wonder Woman--
and descended onto my chest. She almost fell or slid off, we were both so 
covered with sweat, lube, and so on. She seized my hand, shaped it the
way she wanted it, and then placed two of my fingers into her pussy
and my thumb in her behind. Here we go again, I thought. Eloise
wriggled and kind of lowered herself onto my hand, keeping some weight
on her feet and legs but mostly just sinking right on downward. She
rolled her eyes and bit her lower lip, and then grinned and said,
``Everybody all comfy and cosy?''

``No, Eloise, you're breaking my wrist, as a matter of fact.''

``Tough.'' She wriggled around on my hand, and , with her open, wet pussy 
six inches from my face, frobbed herself into yet another orgasm. It was 
so fascinating, I forget the potential loss of the use of my hand. Her damn 
pussy snapped like a trap at my fingers, and her little asshole once
again tried successively to suck my thumb in and spit it out. The very
best moment was when she was just about to come, just keeping herself
teetering on the very edge, and we locked eyes. I mouthed ``I love you
Eloise...'', and her center twitched, and her deep eyes bored into mine,
as she returned my profession of love with her eyes and mouth and heart
and soul and pussy and clit and asshole...

****

I had just enough stuff left to take a shower and straggle back into the 
playroom, but nothing like what it would take to get in my car and drive 
home. I collapsed on the heavily padded futon and slumbered the rest of the 
night away. The next morning, I awoke to a steaming cup of dark French
roast coffee and a trimly suited Eloise. She kissed the tip of my
nose and said ``I've gotta go. Shooting a commercial at ten. Love you,
Starr.''

I  grinned. ``How's your ass this morning, Eloise?''

Eloise grinned twice as wide as I had (uh oh), turned, and flipped up the 
back of the skirt to her conservative business suit. No panties! She 
squatted slightly and spread her nether cheeks. ``You tell ME how's my ass, 
smart guy.''

I looked. Pretty, pink and brown, neat and muscular as ever. Freshly bathed 
and with a light dusting of powder among the silky surrounding hairs. I did 
the only thing appropriate. I raised myself up from the futon, grabbed an 
asscheek in each hand, planted a big wet kiss on Eloise's delicious anal 
ring, and then stuck the end of my tongue as far in as it would go.

Eloise missed her shoot. I missed whatever the hell I was supposed to do 
that day. I wore my entire body down to a limp, abraded stub. However, if 
anyone ever steals Eloise's asshole, I will be able to provide the 
authorities with a detailed, eloquent verbal description or a full-
color impressionist oil painting, whichever would be required.


