**************************************

ELOISE
by  Hadley V. Baxendale

**************************************

When Eloise Ann Spencer was sixteen, she had her first sexual
experience.
 
The year was 1884 and the world was in the midst of the Victorian era.
A woman's place in society was to be pure and wholesome.  Even to
mention the word 'sex' in public was a social taboo.  Such an
indiscretion would be completely unthought of in these formal times.
A proper young lady only discussed these private affairs with her
lawfully wedded husband.

Eloise was a petite and handsome girl.  She possessed long brown hair
that she wore pinned up in the fashion of the time.  Her dark brown
eyes accented milky white skin.

As the only daughter of a wealthy New York attorney, Eloise wore the
finest dresses from Paris.  She was very beautiful and intelligent.
Many of the young men of high social standing in New York saw Eloise
as the perfect bride.  She was indeed an exquisite little woman.

When Eloise turned sixteen, she met her second cousin from Boston,
Nora Spencer Bradford.  Nora was twenty-one and had come to live with
the Spencer family after her husband had been killed in a freak
coach-wagon accident.  Eloise's mother had asked Nora to stay with the
family until she could recuperate from her husband's death.  Nora had
been married only two years when she suddenly found herself a widow.
She planned to live with the Spencers until she felt well enough to
return to Boston.  Hopefully, she would meet another man and remarry.
But as a widow in the Victorian era, no longer chaste, all Nora could
hope for was a man much older then herself.

Nora had long blond hair and blue eyes.  She was taller than Eloise
and had a well-endowed bosom.  Eloise became good friends with Nora.
They often shopped along the Ladies Avenue on Broadway and spent the
afternoons in Central Park.


Nora slept in the guest room and Eloise would often visit her at night
to talk and embroider.  Eloise would knock and after a moment, Nora
would open her bedroom door and invite Eloise in.  Sometimes on cold
nights, Eloise would climb into bed with Nora and they would snuggle
to keep warm.  Nora became like an older sister to Eloise.

One night, very late, Eloise was having difficulty falling asleep.
She decided to call on Nora.  Putting a nightgown and slippers on,
Eloise made her way into the upstairs hall.  She carefully closed her
bedroom door, being ever so careful not to wake her slumbering father
in the room across the way.  Stopping outside of Nora's door, Eloise
heard a faint moaning inside.  She assumed Nora was weeping for her
husband.  She wouldn't disturb her now.  However, she would take a
peek through the keyhole to make sure Nora was not too distressed.
Leaning down, Eloise peered through Nora's keyhole.  She couldn't
believe what she saw.  Nora was sitting on the edge of her bed, in the
nude, touching herself between her legs.  With her other hand, she
massaged her breasts.  Eloise almost couldn't help the urge to giggle.
But somehow, this private moment of Nora intrigued Eloise.  It made
her feel different inside.  Longingly, in the back of her mind, she
wanted to share this precious moment with beautiful Nora.

As she continued to watch, Eloise felt a tingling sensation between
her legs.  She touched herself.  Her crotch was warm and wet.  She
liked the feeling.

All of a sudden, Eloise heard a door opening down the hall.  It was
her father rising to use the toilet.  Eloise turned and quickly
scrambled back to her bedroom.  She closed the door behind her before
her father noticed.

Once under the covers of her bed, Eloise pulled down her nightslip.
She touched herself as she had seen Nora do.  It felt soothing.  She
fell asleep.

When Eloise came down for breakfast the next morning, she found Nora
already at the kitchen table.  Eloise blushed slightly when Nora asked
her if she had had a good night's sleep.

"Oh yes, thank you for asking, Nora.  I slept very well.  Thank you."
Eloise said, sheepishly.

Nora nodded.  But somehow Eloise knew something was different about
Nora.

Since it was Saturday, Nora asked Eloise if she would like to go
shopping.  The two young women quickly finished their breakfasts.
Charles, the coachman, brought the carriage around and the women were
whisked away to an afternoon of expensive shopping.

When the two women arrived back home, they quickly ran upstairs to try
on the new clothing that had been purchased on Broad Way.  Inside
Nora's bedroom, Eloise removed her new dress from its box.

"Isn't it absolutely charming!"  Eloise exclaimed as she held the
dress up to her body in the mirror.

"Oh, yes, but it would be even more charming on you, dear.  Try it
on." Nora said.

Eloise took off her hat and laid it on the nightstand.  She then asked
Nora to help her undo the straps on the back of her gown.  Nora
obliged and carefully slipped Eloise out of her dress.

Eloise asked Nora what she had purchased.  Nora told her that it was
silk underwear from Paris.

"Would you like to see it?" Nora asked.

"Oh yes.  But ON you, of course!" Eloise answered back.
 
"I'll have to undress first."

Eloise helped Nora out of her gown.  Afterwards, Nora sat on her
parlor chair and slowly undid the straps of her leather shoes.  As
Eloise watched Nora undress, she couldn't help thinking about the
night before when she had witnessed Nora touch herself.  Once again,
Eloise was beginning to experience that warm tingly sensation inside.

Nora undid the laces on her underwear and carefully slipped out of
them.  She sat staring at Eloise with nothing on except her garter and
stockings.

Nora had a very lovely body.  Full-figured and well-endowed.  Eloise
admired her large breasts.  Suddenly she realized that Nora caught her
staring at them.

"Do you think I have nice breasts?" Nora asked.

Eloise paused for a moment, not quite sure how to answer.  "Yes."

Nora caressed her breasts.  "Would you like to touch them?"

Eloise looked down at the ground and then at Nora.  Again, she wasn't
sure what this was leading too.  But Nora was so beautiful.  Eloise
wanted to get closer.  "Yes."

"Then come sit by me, dear."  Nora said softly.

Eloise sat on the floor next to Nora.  Nora took Eloise's hand and
touched it to her breast.

Nora whispered into Eloise's ear.  "Doesn't this feel...nice...so
soft, my little one?"

"Oh, yes, Nora.  You have a wonderful bosom."

"You were watching me the other night, weren't you?" Nora said.

Eloise blushed, embarrassed that her peeping had been revealed.  With
a guilty tone of voice Eloise admitted that she had watched Nora play
with herself through the keyhole.

"Well, what do you know, we have a peeping Tom in the house!  So, did
you enjoy what you saw?  C'mon, be honest.  I won't tell your father.
You did, didn't you?"

Eloise blushed, and then answered softly "Yes."

"My dearest Eloise, I KNEW you were watching me.  Those creaky boards
in the hall can be heard a mile away."

Nora took Eloise's finger and touched it to her nipple.  "You see how
hard it gets when you touch it.  My husband used to kiss me here.
Would you like to kiss me here, Eloise?"

Eloise blushed.  She wanted so much to get closer to Nora.  "Yes."
Eloise moved closer and placed her mouth on Nora's nipple.  It was
hard and fleshy and Eloise licked it with her tongue.  She could feel
Nora tense as she kissed and massaged the older woman's large milky
white breasts.

"Why don't you show me your breasts, little one?" Nora said.

Eloise turned around on her knees and Nora helped undo her
undergarments.  Eloise's back was soft and warm and Nora kissed it.
Delicately she pulled off her white undergarments.  Eloise then turned
and faced Nora.

Eloise held her arms over her chest.  Nora smiled and pulled Eloise's
arms away revealing two tiny, yet firm breasts.
  
Nora stroked them lightly with her fingers.  "Oh, you have wonderful
breasts."

The touch of Nora's fingers on her breast felt nice.  But Eloise was a
bit nervous.  "Isn't it wrong to be doing this?" Eloise said,
nervously covering her exposed breasts once again.

"Well, you only make love to your husband.  And there are so many
things a man will want from his wife.  I never told you this, Eloise,
but when I was fourteen, our younger maid Lucy would sneak into my
bedroom at night.  She would undress and climb into bed with me.  She
felt so warm and soft.  We would make-believe that we were husband and
wife.  Lucy would be my husband and I was her willing wife.  She made
love to me on many winter nights such as this.  So, my dear, there is
nothing wrong with having a proper lady instruct you in these matters.
Would you like me to be your teacher?"

"Oh yes, Nora, I would."

"Good, then.  It's settled."  Nora leaned forward and put both of her
arms around Eloise pulling her close.  This is how you kiss.  Nora met
Eloise's lips.  A long passionate kiss followed.  As she did this, she
ran her hand up the back of Eloise's neck and undid the pins in her
hair.  Eloise's long brown hair dropped to her shoulders.

"Let's lie down on my bed so we'll be more comfortable."  After
pulling back the sheets, Nora took Eloise's hand and had her lay on
the bed.  Nora then removed her stockings and garter, undid her hair,
and laid down next to Eloise.  The older woman then untied Eloise's
shoes and pulled the rest of her undergarments off.  In the large
Victorian room, two beautiful women lay naked side by side on the four
posted bed.
  
Nora leaned over and caressed Eloise's face.  "How lovely you are, my
pretty one."  She kissed Eloise's soft lips once more.  "Now I'm going
to show you how to make love.  In time you'll make love to your future
husband.  But there is nothing in this world more intimate than the
touch of another woman."

Nora climbed on top of Eloise and straddled her waist.  She bent down
so the tips of their nipples touched.  In a circular fashion, she let
her nipples rub against Eloise's.

"Doesn't this feel wonderful?"  Nora said softly.

"Oh yes, please don't stop."

Nora then kissed Eloise's neck and ran her tongue into her ear.

"Ooooh, that feels like heaven!" Eloise said.

After a minute or so of nibbling on her ear, Nora slid down and began
to lick Eloise's breasts.  Eloise's nipples were now very hard as Nora
nibbled and chewed on them.  Eloise closed her eyes and grabbed the
pillow behind her with both hands.

"Ooooooooh, Nora, Nora, that feels absolutely delightful.  Please
don't stop.  I wish you could do that forever!"

Nora giggled and then slid down to Eloise's stomach.  She ran her
tongue into Eloise's navel.  Eloise gripped Nora's head.  Nora bit on
Eloise's stomach leaving a reddened teeth mark on her white skin.

Nora looked up.  "And now, my little darling, I'm going to initiate
you into womanhood."

She pulled Eloise's legs apart exposing her lightly perfumed
womanhood.  Nora touched the opening of Eloise's vagina.  It was warm
and very wet.  She pressed her face against Eloise's mound and kissed
it.  "In a few moments you're going to feel very warm and excited
inside.  But relax, my little darling.  That is a special feeling you
will experience when you wed someday.  But now, you will feel the
touch of another woman."
 
Nora lightly massaged the opening of Eloise's vagina.  Slowly and
carefully, she slipped her middle finger in.  Eloise's insides were
hot and Nora turned her finger as she slid it in and out.  She then
spread Eloise's vagina exposing a swollen clitoris.  Nora lowered her
lips and began sucking on Eloise's womanhood.  Eloise had never felt
anything like this before.  Nora nibbled as Eloise writhed and wiggled
on the bed.  At the same time, Nora massaged Eloise's other opening.

Nora sucked and licked Eloise's virginal opening running her tongue in
and out.  Eloise clasped Nora's hand tightly.  By now, Eloise was very
lubricated.  At the same time, Nora put her finger inside Eloise's
anus.  These profound sensations overwhelmed Eloise.

Ooooooo...ahhhhhhhhh...mmmMMMMAHHHHHH...
 
Nora then repositioned herself on the bed getting into a scissors
position with Eloise . With their clitorises touching, Nora pressed
against Eloise.  Using her clitoris like a small penis, Nora rubbed
and bumped it against Eloise's wet opening.  Eloise felt tingly all
over--as if she were going to explode inside.

"You're going to feel fireworks, my little darling.  Feel them inside.
Your legs.  Your arms.  Let your body take over.  That's right, dear.
Feel it," Nora said as the two women twisted and jerked against one
another.

Nora felt explosions inside of her--one after another.  She grabbed
Eloise's thigh and pulled her closer.  Their stomachs and legs were
wet with their juices and sweat as both of the women approached
climax.

With a euphoric feeling of energy, Eloise felt a charge rush through
her body.  She let out a cry, but Nora quickly put a hand over her
mouth.

Nora leaned over and gave Eloise a kiss on the mouth.  Eloise met
Nora's kiss with the tip of her tongue.  Nora drew Eloise's tongue
into her mouth and sucked it passionately.  The women embraced.

The younger woman spoke softly as a tear ran from her eye.  "I never
want to be away from you, Nora."

Pulling her close, Nora stroked Eloise's hair.  "Me too, my love.  Me
too."

Eloise then drifted off to sleep in Nora's tender arms.

THE END
