Archive-name: Bestial/elvira.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Elvira

Soooooo, you LOVE stories about bestiality huh? People having sex with
animals instead of people. Or, maybe animals ALONG with people. There IS
something fascinating about the concept isn't there? There is literature,
thousands of years old, written by some of the most famous writers ever
to have lived, that portraits young nymphs being taken by gods that have
come to earth in animal form. These women are RAPED by the animals, and then
bare their offspring - usually as half-human and half-animal. Do you secretly
fantasize about it? Do you ever wish that YOU could be the woman getting
raped by the animal, and then finding yourself KNOCKED-UP? I'll BET you do.
And, whom would you like to be, huh? Who has a voluptuous enough body to
handle that kind of loving?    What woman looks like she'd ENJOY it?  
What woman LOOKS like she DESERVES it?  Hummm.... How about ELVIRA?

Remember: read it SLOWLY.....

   I'm Elvira. I live in a little cabin in the woods all by myself. It's
   a warm summer's evening. I have the door open. I'm getting ready for
   a little pussy-rubbing before turning in for the night. I lie back on
   my bed, legs hanging over the edge as I stroke my soft little pussy
   hairs. I'm really relaxed. I hear a deep growl. As I look up I see a
   pack of 8 wolves standing before me. I'm terrified! I have nowhere to
   move. As I sit there in terror I notice the Pack Leader is moving slowly
   toward me - stalking me - watching for any sudden movement. Slowly he
   gets closer. He stop growling. He begins to take deep breathes, sniffing
   the air. He sniffs and sniffs, getting closer to my pussy. His warm
   breath feels wonderful against my pussy lips. He starts putting his nose
   against my sweet-spot and begins to slowly lick me - little licks at
   first, progressing to long slurps. It feels incredibly erotic... I'm
   no longer terrified as I begin to lust for this huge 4-legged animal.
   He stops slurping me and looks me in the eyes. I look him in the eyes
   and know what he wants - ME - for his mate! I have my first animal-caused
   orgasm as I part my legs wide HOPING he'll TAKE me. He straddles me. I
   slowly raise my arms and stroke his beautiful German Sheperd-like fur.
   I see a beautiful erection - long and pink, hanging from underneath 
   his powerful body. He draws closer. I lovingly wrap my arms and legs
   around him as he enters my body. I have a second wild orgasm as he
   begins humping me - It feels incredibly erotic - as I think to myself
   that I AM SCREWING AN ANIMAL! I open my mouth as I moan softly from
   his gentle love-making. He smells my breath and begins licking my lips.
   His tongue against my mouth makes me even more lustful. I stick my tongue
   out. We begin to french kiss - I'm FRENCHING a wolf - and SCREWING HIM
   TOO!!! His tongue begins to slip into my mouth, causing another climax
   from my already-dripping cunt. A few minutes later he withdraws his 
   tongue from my mouth. His humping turns into quick, jerky motions. I
   know what's next, He is about to make me HIS tonight. I wrap my arms
   and legs around him and draw him deep to my chest. He makes one final
   thrust of his powerful body and I scream YES, YES, YES!!! That's it, baby 
   keep it up, OH PLEASE, OH PLEASE GIVE ME ALL OF YOUR CUM - SHOOT ME UP!!!
   that's it, baby - CUM IN ME, my 4-legged LOVER - GIVE ME ALL YOUR 4-LEGGED
   LOVE!!! I feel the warmth of his LOVE as it splashes against my pussy's
   walls. He collapses into my arms and my legs drop slowly to the floor.
   I think to myself that I'VE JUST FUCKED AN ANIMAL, and loved EVERY
   MINUTE OF IT!!! I wonder if - no, I HOPE that he has KNOCKED ME UP! The 
   thought of being pregnant by an animal begins to make me horny again. 
   I slip to the floor. I see his beautiful pink doggie-dick still hanging
   out - still dripping with our love juices. I begin to stroke it. It goes
   erect again. The wolf straddles the bed. I slip between his legs and 
   begin to rub his balls and cock. As I stroke it I begin to want it -
   this time IN MY MOUTH!!! I open my mouth and slip the tip of him into
   me. IT FEELS WONDERFUL to have his wolf-cock in my mouth. I begin to
   suck him gently. He begins to whimper softly. This really turns me on and
   I have another orgasm. I begin to suck him and slurp his succulent cock.
   He slowly starts HUMPING MY MOUTH!!! I lean against the bed and let him
   FUCK ME IN THE MOUTH. He starts to make quick, jerky motions again. I 
   know what is about to HAPPEN!!! I tighten my lips around his cock as
   he shoves it DEEP INTO MY THROAT!!! I feel the warmth of his sticky
   sperm as it spurts against the back of my mouth, and DRIPS DOWN MY
   THROAT!!! My body quakes as I cum again. I think to my self "It wasn't
   enough to SCREW the beast, you had to go and SUCK HIM OFF, too!".
   He dis-mounts my face. I feel vibrations running through my body. As
   I return to reality out of my lust-coma I look up to see 7 of my lover's
   pack-mates. They want to HAVE ME too! Seven more wild, passionate love
   sessions take place. By morning we're all through. They have accepted me
   as one of their pack-mates. They make my home their NEW DEN, and me their
   love-toy. Every night is wolf gang-bang time: they're the gang, and I'm 
   the bang! It's wonderful to have sex with them, and then to curl up 
   together. And, what woman wouldn't love to have 8 fur coats to cuddle with?

---
