Archive-name: Violent/emileric.txt
Archive-author: Eric Coomer
Archive-title: Adventures of Emily and Eric


Okay, I've been gone for a while and now I'm back with another
story.  As always the events depicted are based completely on 
Emily and Eric's real adventures. 
The following contains graphic humiliation, knife play
(no blood), whipping, slapping, degradation, and H2O sports.
If this offends you I don't care, just don't read it.  Any nice
replies or critical intermezzos may be sent to me at coomer@ocf.berkeley.edu
or to emily at fishnets@soulsteppin.corp.sun.com  


Well, we made our bi-weekely trip down to Stormy Leather to look
around.  Well, I can't step foot in that damn place without buying 
something.  So we decided on a nice rubber bit and a swell leather
slapper.

On the way back home, Emily just starts pleading with me to really 
dominate her that evening, so I reluctantly agree :)> (Oh, the > is
a goatee).  

We've played a little with humiliation but never really that severe and
Emily has been really craving something extreme and I really wanted to 
give it to her.  So when we got home I ordered her to fetch all of the 
toys.  I told her the safewords for the evening and asked her if there 
were any specific limits that she had.  I also told her that she would 
be punished for the slightest mistakes and a few other commands.  

Off she went in to the other room to fetch our things.  She brought them
back and layed them on the floor.  I told her to put on a specific CD with
a nice bluesy tune that is somewhat Burlesque.  I then told her to do 
a strip tease for me as I know that she would be embarrassed to do such
a thing.  After she removed all of her clothes I had her fetch our new
leather slapper and come and kneel before me with her hands clasped behind
her back.  I like this position a lot since it forces her to push her 
wonderful breasts out into the air.  I gave her nipple rings a good tug
and then I gave her breasts a few slaps with the new toy.


Next, I ordered my love to undress me, but without using her hands.  It's 
was wonderful seeing her trying to undo my boots with her teeth.  I did 
let her use her hands just once when she finished with the laces.  The whole
time I kept swatting her gorgeous butt with the slapper.

After she finished undressing me I figured it was time to start playing.
I had her grab a blindfold and I put it on her.  Then I told her to grab
her leg cuffs over on the floor across the room.  I once again told her
not to use her hands.  She was a little puzzled at first but then slowly
she crawled over to where the toys were and blindly started bobbing her 
head looking with her tongue for the leg cuffs.  She found them and brought
them to me as a good little slut slave should.  Then she fetched her collar 
and the spreader bar.  I fastened the collar and leg cuffs together with the
spreader bar and turned her on her stomach.  I asked her if she thought she 
had pleased me; she said yes.  I immediatley punished her for assuming such
a thing.  I hit her with the slapper several times very hard.  By this time
I was quite aroused and I wanted to feel myself inside her.  I mounted her
from behind and pushed my cock inside her enormously wet pussy.  I fucked 
her like that for several mintues but I didn't let myself cum.  It was still
way too early.


I grabbed the heavy flogger and started to work on her back.  Very slowly at
first with an occaisional hard swat to keep her wondering.  I had her beg me
for more.  Then I removed the spreader bar so that she could stand.

I had a new idea for a game.  I call it crop-or-slapper game.  Emily stood
in front of me with her hands clasped behind her head again.  I took turns
using either the crop or slapper on her ass.  After I hit her she was to tell
me which it was- the crop or the slapper.  If she was wrong she would first
get one swat then two then four then eight.  It's a double or nothing sort
of thing.  I must say that Emily did not fair very well at this game the 
first time.  I could tell it was frustrating her.  I punished her hard for
being wrong.  Tears were streaming down her face.  I could tell that she was
starting to break down.  This is exactly what I wanted.


I ordered her to her place her hands behind her back.  Then I cuffed them
and led her to the futon.  I had her sit there while I fetched a knife.
I stepped up behind her and ran the knife along her neck.  She froze.
Emily is quite frightened of knifes but really likes to play with them.
I traced the blade along her nipples and her breathing became short.  I told
her to relax and not to move.  Then I took the point of the knife and ran
it from her stomach and up through her breasts to her neck again.  By this
time Emily was quite lost in all of it.  I then moved to the inner parts of
her thighs.  Running the blade up and down as though I was shaving her legs.
I took the knife away and pushed the tip of my finger into the soft folds of
her vagina.  I could tell that she thought it was still the knife.  I played
with her clit for a while and then I mounted her again, pushing my cock deep
inside her.  I fucked her like that for a long time until I came shooting my
hot cum all over the inside of her.  But I wasn't finished yet.

I pulled her to her feet and began dragging her around my apartment, telling her
to run faster and faster.  Then I got the best idea of the month.  I put her
arms in the spreader bar still behind her and put her collar and leash on.
I told he she was my good little puppy dog and that she was to get on all
fours.  She was already becoming quite red with embarrassment and I knew that
this would give her the effect that she was looking for.  I ordered her to 
bark like a good dog.  She let out a feeble little "bark bark"  I slapped 
her back with the leash.  "Woof Woof" she said.  I grabbed her chin and 
gave her a good slap.  I told her I wanted her to bark like she meant it.
I gave her a little kick on the rump and told her to start crawling all the 
time to keep barking.  She was being a little defiant and her barks were 
still not very convincing.  "LOUDER!" I screamed.  "I want you to bark like
the pathetic little dog that you are!"  I threatened her with the crop or 
slapper game if she didn't start improving.


Satisfied that she was quite humiliated, I told her to stand up.  I led her
into the shower and pinned her hands against the wall.  Like most things that
we have experimented with, we always said that H2O sports were forbidden
territory.  But, lately Emily had been expressing a desire to at least try
it out.  Well, I'm pretty adventurous, and I always say that I'll try 
anything at least twice.  I told Emily that she had one more punishment coming
for not barking to my satisfaction.  With her standing pinned against the 
wall, I stood above her and let my urine release itself from my penis 
covering her body.  I sprayed my hot piss all over her tits and stomach
and Emily just stood there and relaxed and drank in all of the sensations.

As a final order, I had her bathe me in a nice hot bath.

Eric

-- 
