Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.










Emily and the Twins
By The Carnal Quill

Author's Note

This is my first story as The Carnal Quill, written especially for Mr. Double's web pages.  You may have read some of my other writings over the past few years, posted on alt.sex.stories under the pen name Magic Wand.  "Emily and the Twins" is an experimental story for me (I hope you don't mind being experimented on), written completely from a female's point of view.  This was a challenge for me, since I am male and do not CURRENTLY have the services of a like-minded female to consult with (yes, ladies, that WAS a hint <grin>).  Never the less, I hope you find the story believable and enjoyable.

What kind of stories can you expect from me in the future?  Basically, stories similar to the one you are about to read.  Stories about exploration and discovery among young people just on the verge of puberty, when the pleasures that sex brings are so very new and wonderful - yet tragically, so rarely discovered in time.  You will find touches of humor and whimsy, with adult characters few and far between.  My stories are generally short and get straight to the action.  Forget the fluff - 99% of you scroll over it anyway <wink>.

I am not a prolific author (expect a story every month or two), but popular demand might encourage me to spend more time at the keyboard.  So write to me at the link provided, anonymously if you wish, and let me know what you think of my stories.  I am always open to constructive criticism and new story ideas, and will make every effort to respond to those who wish to open a dialogue.


Pleasant Reading,

CQ
6/30/97



Thirteen-year-old Emily clenched her thighs together, enjoying the flash of pleasure that shot through her body.  Her heartbeat and breathing quickened in response, but she tried to suppress them in fear that her two young charges might notice something strange about her.  Not so easy to suppress were the tiny tickles deep inside her loins as her vaginal tissues began to seep lubrication into her virgin love canal.

The object of her discomfort, pleasurable though it was, was eleven-year-old Andre sitting on the sofa immediately to her left.  The boy was rubbing his erect penis through the fabric of his sweat pants, apparently oblivious to the eyes of his babysitter and his twin sister seated on the other side of her.  Emily had first noticed this behavior a few minutes before, shortly after his little hand had fallen lightly onto her thigh.  At first, she had thought it an innocent move since they were all snuggling together against the evening chill, but now she knew otherwise after he had begun rubbing himself.

Since Emily was a head taller than the boy was, she could look down into his lap without his noticing.  She felt embarrassed for him, but couldn't stop herself.  He must not have been wearing any underwear, she observed, because his penis seemed to be sticking straight up as his thumb ran up and down the near side and his fingers did the same to the other.  His eyes were glassy and staring as the flickering light from the television reflected off them and his pale, freckled face.

A quick flick of her eyes told her that Andrea had also noticed the movement and was watching intently.  The hand on her thigh became warm and damp as it rubbed the bare skin below her loose shorts while his other hand began to move more quickly and regularly along his short erection.

With a shock, Emily felt another small hand land on her opposite thigh as Andrea adjusted herself to better watch her twin's show.  Her heart nearly lodged in her throat as the girl started to imitate her brother's movement along Emily's soft skin.  The combined stimulation sent Emily's glands into overdrive and she could feel her juices starting to flow down her love canal, and she knew her panties would soon be wet.

Emily wanted to get up and run to the bathroom, but she couldn't move.  Her clitoris was swollen and begging for attention, but she was afraid even to squeeze her thighs together again in fear that the children would misinterpret it as rejection on her part, and she didn't want to hurt their feelings or make them think she was a prude.

Emily battled with the thought of gently stopping the boy, thinking that in her position of responsibility his mother might expect her to.  But truth to tell, Emily had been masturbating almost nightly for at least a year and believed there was nothing wrong with it.  She didn't want to become a hypocrite quite yet.  That was for adults.  Besides, she was an only child of a divorced mother and had never dated or even babysat before.  Thus, she had never seen a boy's penis, much less a boy masturbating, and was immensely curious and aroused by it.

So Emily sat and gritted her teeth as she felt her wetness escape into her panties.  Immediately, she smelled her light musky scent and blushed with embarrassment.  She hoped the kids wouldn't notice, or know what it was if they did.  Her chest began to ache with affection for Andre, and she wanted to grab him, hug him tight, and kiss him all over his sweet face.  She wanted him to know that what he was doing was OK with her, that she understood his need.  But she just sat still and watched, afraid to distract the boy and spoil everything for him.

Andre's nostrils flared as Emily's scent reached them, and he inhaled deeply.  His left hand began to jack his little hard-on very quickly while his right hand involuntarily clutched at Emily's thigh.  His eyes closed and his breathing turned into short, sharp gasps.  Emily heard Andrea's breathing quicken as well, her knees beginning to swing in and out as she watched Andre's pleasure build.  Out of the corner of her eye, Emily saw her place her free hand to her own crotch and squeeze her thighs tightly around it.

The overwhelmed babysitter felt the boy suddenly tense beside her.  He stopped breathing and his hand on her thigh became heavier as his small hips lifted slightly off the couch while his left hand went into a frenzied spasm just below the tip of his erection.  Seconds later, Andre gave a small "Mnh" deep in his throat and his breath began to escape his lungs in small gasps.  His left hand slowed and began to squeeze his spasming penis as his little body slumped back onto the sofa and fell limply against her.

Emily had never seen a boy have an orgasm before, but she instinctively recognized it in Andre and enjoyed it with a strange delight.  The large spot of wetness in her panties attested to that.  She knew that boys were supposed to squirt sperm when they came, but she could see no wetness in the pants around Andre's softening penis.  She figured that he must still be too young to make any.

Now that the boy was finished, Emily couldn't resist putting her arm around him and giving him a quick hug.  His head fell onto her shoulder and she gave it a quick kiss on the crown, getting a wonderful whiff of combined sweat, soil and boy-smell as she did so.

Andre's head slumped a little until his cheek rested on her small breast and his warm, panting breath began to cut through her shirt and bra to titillate and harden her left nipple.  Meanwhile, Andrea fell sideways until her head rested on Emily's lap, her legs drawn up with her hand still pressed against her crotch.

The three children huddled together, enjoying this new, innocent intimacy that the experience had brought upon them.  Emily was amazed that Andre had seemed to feel no inhibitions or embarrassment in the girls' presence, and that Andrea had taken it so much in stride.  Perhaps twins were more in tune with each other than other brothers and sisters.  She felt a wonderful sense of acceptance by these two cute little sweethearts, and she knew that she would never, ever betray it.

A few minutes later the television show ended, though none of them were really watching it.  Emily realized that it was getting late and the kids still had to take their baths.

"OK, guys, we'd better start getting ready for bed.  Who wants to bathe first?"  Emily said, sorry to break up the moment.

Andrea lifted her head and piped up.  "Oh, we take our baths together to save water."

"Really?  Aren't you two a little old for that?"

Andre nodded and turned to look into her face.  "Yeah, but we have a big tub and it takes a lot of water so our mom still makes us bathe with her."

"With her?"  Emily asked, amazed yet again.

"Uh-huh," Andrea answered.  "It's fun, Emily, she washes us and plays with us."

"Oh, OK," Emily said. That did sound like fun.  Her mother hadn't bathed with her since she was very small.

"Will you bathe with us, Emily?"  Andre asked innocently.  "Our mom said it would be OK."

"She did?"  Emily was completely taken aback.

"Yeah, Emily.  She really did, but only if you were comfortable with the idea.  You feel comfortable with us, don't you?"  Andrea said.

"Uh, yeah, sure I do, but..."

"Then it's settled."  Andre announced.  "You can undress with Andrea while I run the water."  With that, he rushed out of the room.

"Come on, Emily," Andrea said as she grabbed the older girl's hand and led her to the bedroom that the twins shared.

Emily heard water begin to run elsewhere in the house as they entered the bedroom, and Andrea immediately took off her sweat jacket and tossed it onto a clotheshorse.  The younger girl was wearing nothing underneath, but didn't appear the least bit self-conscious.  Emily sat down on one of the twin beds and began to slowly remove her socks.  She couldn't believe she was going along with this, yet couldn't resist the chance to see her first naked boy -- even if it meant letting him see her, too.  It would be worth it, though, for Andre was a darling boy and really not all that much younger than herself.

With a casual flourish, Andrea stepped out of her pants and tossed them aside, then sat down on the floor to remove her socks.  The younger girl's legs splayed outward as she did so, and Emily had a clear view of Andrea's spread vagina.  The girl's pale vulva was plump and hairless, tapering down to form twin outer lips that looked slightly swollen and red.  Her pale, pea-sized clitoris peeked boldly from its smooth, prominent sheath.  Surprising to Emily, though, were the flared inner lips -- pink and shining with wetness.  The girl's small vaginal opening was clearly visible between them.  Emily's own virginal inner lips were small and clamped tightly together even when she was aroused.

The sight of the younger girl's wet, gaping sex sent a thrill through Emily, and she was spurred to quickly remove her blouse and bra so that her aroused nipples could enjoy the fresh, cool air.  While she did so, Andrea finished removing her socks and went to stand by her mirrored sliding closet door.  The younger girl pinched her right nipple between her fingers, and Emily noticed that it had just begun to darken and had enlarged to about the size of a quarter with just a hint of raised flesh underneath.

"My nipples are sore."  Andrea announced, inspecting herself in the mirror.  "My mom says it's normal, but I'm worried.  They've been sore for a month."

Emily smiled as she removed her bra.  "Don't worry, Andrea, mine were sore for at least two months.  Now they feel great."

"Oh."  Andrea said as she gazed at Emily's reflection in the mirror.  "Yours are very nice, Emily."

Emily stood up to remove her pants and looked down at her own budding breasts.  They were small and pointed, reminding her of those conical cups next to water coolers.  Not very impressive, but she appreciated Andrea's compliment.

"Thank you, Andrea, and you look like you're off to a nice start, too,"

"I hope so," the younger girl replied as she put a hand between her legs.  It came away wet and sticky.  "Eww, I'm still leaking from Andre's show," she added.  With that, she marched over to a box of tissues and wiped herself off with one.

As Emily removed her panties, Emily presented her with the tissue box and their eyes met.  Both girls smiled at the unspoken acknowledgment that Andrea had smelled her wetness, too.  Quickly, Emily wiped the excess moisture from her outer lips and bottom.  Andrea held out her hand for the tissue and took hers and Emily's over to the wastebasket, sniffing at Emily's as she did so.

"Hmm, you smell like my mom, but not nearly as strong.  Mine hardly smells at all, yet."

"Enjoy it while it lasts," Emily commented as she walked over to the mirror.  She couldn't help gazing at herself, aware that Andre would be seeing her soon.  She smoothed her dark brown, shoulder-length hair and twisted in each direction as she gazed at her reflected image.

Her conical breasts had dark pink aureole about the size of a half-dollar coin.  Her erect nipples were the size of pencil erasers.  She squeezed one in each hand, feeling the delicious jolt of pleasure shoot down to her sensitive clitoris and vagina.  Then she rubbed her hands down her flat, hairless stomach to the prominent vulva that sported a small fan of short, straight hairs that were golden brown in color.  She pressed her finger to her rosy, swollen outer lips and squeezed them against her clitty, shuddering with the pleasure it gave her.  She jumped when she felt a small hand on her bottom.

"Hmm, nice and round and full," Emily commented. "Firm, too.  Andre will approve.  He likes girls with tight butts."

"Uh, thanks... I think."  Emily said uncertainly.

"I love your beautiful green eyes, too, Emily.  They're so beautiful!"

"Thanks, Andrea."  Emily said, pleased.

"Emily?"

"Yeah," Emily muttered, twisting to see her bottom in the mirror.

"Have you ever, you know, done it?"

"Done it?  Uh, no.  Gosh, I've never even been on a date.  To tell you the absolute truth, I've never even seen a boy naked.  That's why Andre got me so horny."  Emily babbled as the feeling of the moment began to overwhelm her.

"Oh."

"Does he do that a lot?"  Emily asked, now that she seemed to have a rapport with the younger girl.

"Almost as much as me," Andrea said, smiling.  "My mom says it's perfectly fine for us to pleasure ourselves whenever we want as long as we're in the privacy of our own home."

"Wow, it sounds like you have a great mom!"  Emily said, impressed.  Her masturbation had always been done in secret and with a certain amount of guilt.  Her mom had never even discussed the issue with her.

"We sure do..." Andrea said, then hesitated as if she was going to say more, but just then the bath water stopped running and Andre yelled that the water was ready.

"Well, are you ready for Andre to admire you?"  Andrea asked, her eyes twinkling.  "I just know he'll get a hard-on from just the sight of you."

Emily giggled, feeling giddy with horniness and naughty excitement.  She knew these kids had her completely off balance, but didn't really care.  The aching need in her loins and breasts had overpowered her mind, and the thought of seeing her first boy naked with a hard-on had her cunny leaking again.

"And I'm ready to admire Andre!"  Emily said, winking at the younger girl.

Andrea lit up with a knowing smile.  "I don't blame you.  And if I know Andre, he won't disappoint you."

Andrea stopped at a hall closet and pulled out a big, fluffy towel for Emily.  The older girl was thankful for this, since she was a little hesitant to just walk into the bathroom nude as Andrea apparently was meaning to do.  She unfolded it and held it modestly down her front as they continued into the bathroom.  Andrea smiled and gave her an encouraging pat on the rump.

Expecting the harsh, white lights she had in her own bathroom, Emily was quite surprised to find this bathroom lit only with a large candle.  Soft, romantic music was playing from a small CD player on the counter.  The smell of jasmine was strong in the air, and Emily felt her nipples and loins swell in response to the arousing aroma.  Emily froze inside the doorway, momentarily overcome with the sensations this unexpectedly romantic setting had upon her erogenous zones.

Andre was turned away from the girls with one foot in the tub as he tested the water temperature.  Emily's throat tightened as she glimpsed the boy's tight little naked bottom.  The twin cheeks, round and full, seemed to glow in the candlelight.  They were clearly separated by a thin, dark line.  Her vagina spasmed at the sight of his young muscles flexing underneath the skin and dimpling his buns as his leg stirred the water.  Her love juices were flowing again, but she didn't care anymore.  In fact, she wanted this beautiful boy to see and smell her arousal now.

Andrea had stepped over to Andre and was whispering in his ear.  An expression of surprise passed over his face, quickly replaced by a smile.  The twins shared a look before Andre casually turned around and faced his babysitter.

Moving beside him, Andrea held the boy's hand and asked,  "Can you see the difference between boys and girls, Emily?"

The surreal atmosphere and surprising openness of the two children had Emily feeling light-headed, as if all this were merely a dream conjured up by her hormone-crazy young body.  The sight of Andre standing exposed in front of her nearly stopped her heart.  Her breath froze in her chest and her heart went into overdrive as adrenaline poured into her.  Her fingers became icy-cold and numb as blood rushed from them and into her loins.  The towel she was holding dropped to the floor at her feet, unheeded.

Andre was perfect.  His tousled sandy hair topped a darling, freckled face that reflected the glow of the candle.  His dark brown eyes were glinting with boyish mischief and were adorned with long dark eyelashes and thin, graceful brows.  His upturned nose was centered over a long, tight smile.  His head was dipped slightly toward her as he looked at her, making him look a little shy and vulnerable.  His thin, bony chest sported two adorable little dime-sized nipples, and his stomach was flat with a tiny little navel.

What really drew Emily's attention, though, was the first live penis she had ever seen.  It was slender and straight, maybe about three inches long and hanging downward at a 45-degree angle.  Wider at the base, it tapered thinner along its length until it flared out again near the end.  There was an evident mushroom-shape at the tip, but it was hooded by a piece of skin that drooped off the end like and elephant's trunk.  When her towel fell from her lifeless fingers, it immediately stiffened and lengthened until it pointed straight at her.  The mushroom shape pushed its way through the loose skin until she could see its pink surface, shiny and wet.  As his penis rose, it gave her a better view of his golfball-sized scrotum, which was smooth and round and tightly held two egg-shaped nuts that were tilted upward so that their underside was facing toward her.

The two horny children stood staring at each other, open-mouthed, until Andrea had to giggle at the sight.  This broke their trance, and they joined the younger girl with chuckles of their own.

"See, Emily, I told you he'd get a hard-on at the sight of you.  I'll bet you're wet again, too.  I know I am!"  Andrea piped.

Emily was only a little embarrassed at the truth to the girl's words as she continued to admire the boy's goodies.  She was surprised how the sight made her mouth water as well as her cunt, for she had never even thought of tasting a boy's thing before.  It did look delicious, though.  She laughed when Andre began to swing his hips and cause his erection to wave around.  The boy had absolutely no hair down there at all.

"Come on, you guys, the water's getting cold."  Andrea urged as she turned and stepped into the big tub.  It was indeed large, for it was about three feet high and six feet long.  It wasn't a spa, really, just a big bathtub.

"Oh Andre, you got the temperature just right!"  Andrea sighed as she sank into the steaming water.  Andre waited at the side of the tub and held Emily's hand as she climbed in.  She felt him gently squeeze her hand as he held it, and she squeezed back.  Their eyes met briefly, and she was surprised and flattered at the fire in his deep brown orbs.

Andre let the girls sit at each end, facing each other, so that they could lean back against the sides.  Andrea instructed Emily to spread her legs along the sides, then did the same, letting her own float above Emily's.  Emily got another good look at the younger girl's submerged vagina, which appeared magnified under the water and looked even more red and swollen than before.  Then Andre stepped in and sat down facing Emily with his knees up and legs crossed.  Emily saw his gaze rest briefly on her breasts, then move down to her crotch where it stayed.  She looked at the target of his attention and saw that her hairless outer lips had become rosy-red and had splayed outward to reveal her pink clitoris sticking out from it's sheath.  Her short pubic hairs were floating just over her vulva.  She felt a delicious thrill under his admiring gaze and leaned back a little to move her cunny toward him and perhaps open a little wider.

This brought a big smile to the boy's face, and their eyes met again.  She pointedly gazed toward his crotch, which was mostly hidden by his crossed ankles.  He got the message and leaned back against his sister who wrapped her arms around him and held her to him.  His legs came apart, and Emily gently grabbed his ankles and pulled them atop her thighs.  Now she had a clear view of Andre's sweet young equipment, which floated around tantalizingly under the surface.  He was still very stiff, and she was pleased that she was having such an effect on him.  It made her clitty strain even harder in its own erect state.

The three children sat quietly in the tub, listening to the music and enjoying their views.  Andrea was peaking over Andre's shoulder and alternating her attention between the two, while they simply stared at each other's respective charms.

After awhile, Emily noticed Andre's hard little cock begin to wave around more under the water, and realized that his sister had moved her crotch against his bottom and was rubbing herself against him.  Her hands were on his hips and she was rocking back and forth behind him.  Andre didn't seem at all phased by this, and just smiled at Emily when he realized she had noticed.

Andrea's eyes were closed and her features were tight with concentration.  Her breathing got heavier and heavier as she rubbed her inflamed clitoris against her brother's smooth buttocks.  Andre began to caress her thighs from her knees to as far back as he could easily reach.  Soon his sister was moaning with pleasure.

"Mmmm...  Mmmm...  Ohhh...  Mmmm...  Ohhh...  Oh yeah...  Oh, oh, oh yeah...  Unh, unh, unh, oh yeah, oh yeah...  Unh...  Unh...  Unh...  Unh...  Oh, I'm gonna cum, Andre, gonna cum, oh, oh, unh, unh, u-huh, u-huh, u-huh, u-huh...  Agggghhhhhh...  Aggghhhhhh...  Ohhhhhhh...  Ohhhhhhh...  Aggghhhhhh...  Aaaahhhh...  Aaahhh...  Aahh...  Ah, unh, oh...  Oh, yeah...  Oh,yeah...  Oh, that was good...  So good...  So good."

Emily watched the girl's climax with fascination.  A mixture of jealousy and lust filled her mind as she watched Andrea's unabashed humping against her brother.  By his calm reaction, this was nothing out of the ordinary, and she began to wonder what else they did together.

After Andrea had recuperated for a minute, she looked over her brother's shoulder at Emily.

"I'm sorry if I embarrassed you, Emily.  I was just so horny I had to get it off.  I just couldn't stand it any longer."  Emily explained.

"Uh, that's OK, really, Andrea.  It was kind of neat watching you.  I've never seen another girl, you know, get it off before.  Plus, I kinda know how you felt."  Emily couldn't help looking down at her aching, horny cunt as she said the last.

Andrea's eyes lit up with understanding.

"Would you like to try it, Emily?  Andre wouldn't mind, would you, Andre?"  Andrea prompted.

"Heck no, Emily, I'll do anything for you.  Really.  Don't be embarrassed to take your pleasure.  We understand, and it'll be just between us."  Andre said.

Andrea nodded her agreement.

Emily looked down at her cunny and the filmy mass of her lubricants as they floated from her vagina into the bath water.  She thought about what she had just witnessed Andrea do with her brother, and how his sweet young cock had waved and wiggled in front of her eyes.  Another spasm shot through her loins and another translucent cloud was sent into the water.  She nearly moaned with desire.

"Oh, you kids are so sweet and I love you both, but I just haven't done anything like that in front of people, you know.  I'm so turned on right now, I'm afraid I'd embarrass myself."  Emily said, blushing.

The twins glanced at each other.  They too had seen Emily's juices in the water and knew how very much she needed some relief right now.

"Please don't be embarrassed with us, Emily."  Andrea begged plaintively.

"That's alright, Emily," Andre said. "You don't have to do that if you feel uncomfortable.  Why don't you just help us wash up, and then we'll wash you.  You'll really like that, I think."

Emily smiled.  Andre was just too sweet.  If she had the guts, she'd just grab him and let him take her virginity with his sweet little boner right here in the bathtub.  It was becoming obvious to her that both kids were too knowledgeable about sex not to have gone all the way with each other.  The image of Andrea's gaping vaginal entrance popped into her mind.  Andre would almost certainly be willing to provide that service for her.

"OK.  That sounds fine to me."  Emily said.

The kids smiled and shared another look.  It seemed to Emily that the twins were able to pass a lot more information between each other with one look than most people could with two minutes of conversation.

"OK, Andrea first."  Andre decided.  "Everybody stand up."

As they obeyed, he reached onto a rack and grabbed a washcloth, then a bottle of shampoo from the tub's ledge.  He gave the shampoo to Emily.

"Here.  You wash her hair while I wash the rest of her."  Andre instructed.

Emily took the shampoo and Andre told Andrea to kneel in the tub and bend over to wet her hair.  When she did so, he had her stand back up again.  Emily stood behind the younger girl and took a dab of shampoo into her hand and placed the bottle back on the ledge.  Then she rubbed her hands together to make a lather and placed them on Andrea's head, then she began to rub the shampoo into the girl's hair.  Andrea squeezed her eyes tightly shut.

Meanwhile, Andre soaped up the washcloth and stood in front of his sister.  He reached around to the back of Andrea's neck and started scrubbing her there.  As he did so, he moved in very close to his twin until their bodies were touching.  She felt Andrea jump slightly, and looked down to see that Andre's hard little cock was pressing up against his sister's young cunny.

"Ohhh," Andre moaned.

"Mmmm," his sister responded as she wrapped her arms around him and pressed him harder against her.

Seeing this, Emily's curiosity got the best of her.

"So just how far have you guys gone with each other, anyway?"  She asked.

When Andre looked up at her, she knew the answer before he said it.

"All the way.  Lots of times."  He said simply.

Emily felt another surge of jealousy toward his twin, but managed to control it.

"Really?  Does your mom know?"

"Of course.  She taught us."

"She did?"

"Sure.  She said she'd much rather have us learn about sex from her than on the street."

"Oh.  I guess that makes sense.  But aren't you worried about making a baby?"

"My mom says that either when I start making sperm or Andrea gets her first period, she'll put her on the Pill."

Have you started your periods yet, Emily?"  Andrea wanted to know.

"Not yet."

"Oh goody, then you can go all the way with Andre if you want to."  Andrea said happily.

Emily didn't respond to that.  She just kept kneading the girl's lathery hair and watching Andre as he slowly moved the washcloth down his sister's back.  The thought thrilled her, though, and she tried to imagine his stiff young dick poking into her sensitive cunny.

"I'd like that a lot," Andre said with feeling.  The suggestion must have made him horny because he put the washcloth against his sister's bottom and cupped a cheek in each hand.  Resting his head on her shoulder, he pulled her hips toward him and began a circular grinding motion against her that Emily realized must be causing his boner to slide along Andrea's cunt slit.  Emily just about came at the sight of it.

"Oh, Andre, that feels so good," Andrea moaned over his shoulder.

"Yeah," her brother grunted.

"Just a little lower..."

"Mmf, Unh, OK..."

"Smash my clitty hard..."

"Unh, like this?  Unh..."

"Ew, there, right there...."

"OK...  Oh...  Oh god that's good..."

"Ohhhh...  Oh yeah..."

Emily stood transfixed, trying to keep the shampoo out of Andrea's eyes as she tilted her head back against her and thrust her pelvis out at her brother's hard young cock and sweet, soft balls.

"Unh...  Unh...  Ohhh yeahhhh..." Andre moaned.

Emily watched as the boy's hard rod slid along his sister's soft crevice.  With each upward glide his foreskin slid back to reveal a purple-pink mushroom with its little slit at the end.

"Sthththth...  Unh...  Unh..." Andrea hissed and grunted.

The younger girl, lost in her pleasure, leaned back against Emily's chest.  Emily shook as she felt the girl's soft, soapy skin caressing her burning, aching nipples.

"Ohhh...  Ohhh...  Oh, Andrea...  Ungh...  Can I...  Unh...  Put it...  Ohhh...  Put it in?"  Andre groaned as he continued to grind slowly against his sister's hot, wet little cunny.

"YES!  OH GOD, YES!  FUCK MEEEE!"  Andrea wailed, unwittingly putting all of her weight onto Emily as her knees gave out.

Andre wasted no time.  He drew his prick back a few inches, then lunged forward, pulling his sister's now-weightless hips toward him so that her vaginal opening was directly in line with his cock.  The ring of his foreskin kissed his twin's inner lips while the slippery head emerged to plunge into her hot, dripping hole.  The penetration slowed momentarily as he forced his way past the tight ring of muscle just inside.  Then, with a wet smacking sound, his boy-dick buried itself to its hairless hilt inside her soft, sucking membranes.

"Ahhh!"  Andre sighed as he felt his cock embed itself into her hot, tight sheath.

"Unnh!"  Andrea groaned as she felt herself become filled with her brother's sweet young tool.

The sight of Andre's sleek young penis disappearing into his sister's horny little cunt was so exciting to Emily that her knees began to shake.  She suddenly felt light-headed and spots danced before her eyes as her ears started to ring.  Her vagina had a massive spasm that squeezed out a large glob of thick lubricant, which dripped from her crotch in a long string down to the bath water.

Barely conscious, Emily fell back against the bathroom wall and sank down until her pert little bottom caught on the bathtub's ledge.  With the last of her strength, she tried to keep Andrea's straining body from slipping down her legs and headfirst into the tub.

Andrea screamed as she felt herself falling backward.  Whether she was more distressed by that or by her brother's lovely pricklet popping out of her, she'd probably never know.  She caught herself as her back came to rest on Emily's lap and sat herself in the tub at Emily's feet.  When she looked up, past her brother's deliciously wet cock, she saw his eyes widen with concern.

Darkness was closing in on Emily.  The sounds of the water splashing in the bathtub seemed to be coming from a great distance.  The last thing she remembered hearing as Andre's frightened voice.

"Oh my god!  She fainted!"


Emily slowly came to under the caress of soft hands slowly travelling up and down her body.  She was lying on a soft bed with her arms at her sides and her legs straight out and slightly apart.  Four hands gently massaged her, two running up and down her thighs and over her abdomen, and two taking care of her breasts and tummy.  For a few moments, she didn't know where she was or who was doing this to her, nor did she care.  She just floated along in her semi-conscious state and enjoyed the wonderful sensations.

Her nipples were hard and throbbed with her heartbeat.  Every so often a soft hand would pass briefly over one and rub it in a circular motion before moving on its way up or down her chest.  Her crotch was damp, and its moisture evaporating into the surrounding air pleasantly cooled it.  Her clitoris began to stiffen and swell as the erotic sensations penetrated her consciousness.  Her legs began to instinctively spread further apart and she gave a low moan of pleasure.

"I think she's waking up!"  A girl's voice said from somewhere above her.

"Yeah."  Answered another high-pitched but boyishly gruff voice.

"You were right, Andre.  The stimulation is bringing her around."

"Yeah."

Andre...  Andre...  Suddenly she realized where she was and her legs snapped back together as she realized that she was lying exposed beneath the two children.  Her arms came up to cover her breasts and she started to sit up reflexively.  She opened her eyes to see the twins, still naked, one on each side of her, as they gently reached out to stop her and push her back down onto the bed.  Warm candlelight made their bodies flicker with orange light and she relaxed when she realized that she was completely safe with them.

"Just relax, Emily.  Let us pleasure you until you feel better."  Andrea cooed.

Emily relaxed.  She felt fine.  More than fine, but she wasn't about to argue.  She just lay back and relaxed, letting the kids continue their ministrations.

Gradually, the hands began to concentrate on her erogenous zones, spending more time rotating and kneading her delicate young breasts and running along her inner thighs and pubic area.  Once again, she found her legs opening wider of their own volition.  Up her thighs they would skim to the crease of her hips, just barely touching the outside of her vagina's hairless outer lips.  Then they would move up and over her peach-fuzzed Venus mons and circle around her abdomen before moving back down the tops of her thighs.  Each child ran one hand along her lower body and one along her upper.

"Emily, you can touch us if you want."  Andrea encouraged.

"Yeah," Andre agreed.

Emily realized that they were sitting on each side of her with their inward thighs running up her sides to the knee before angling away.  Her arms were at her sides between her body and their thighs.  Their outer legs were on the floor and their crotches were widely exposed.  She raised her arms and wrapped them around each of the children and began to caress their far sides, running her hands up and down their smooth soft skin.  The kids crowded closer against her in response.

They continued caressing and exploring each other for awhile, the only sounds in the room that of the children's breathing.  Soft music played distantly from the bathroom.  Emily gradually grew bold enough to fondle the twins' baby-smooth bottoms, marveling at how similar they were despite the difference in sex.  Andre's felt just a little leaner and more muscular, while his sister's was just beginning to flesh out to more womanly proportions.  She ran her hands up their smooth, hairless bodies to their chests.  Here the difference was slightly more evident, and Andre's nipples were tiny and flat while his twin's were larger and fleshier.  She felt the tiny discs behind the girl's nipples that were causing them to be sore and felt her twitch as she did so.

Andre's upper hand was constantly massaging her breast now, and his lower hand lingered near her vagina.  His breathing had become the loudest and harshest of them all, with Emily herself a close second.  Her cunny was now dripping copiously down her bottom and her legs had spread widely apart.  It was crying out for attention, but she was embarrassed at the thought of frigging herself right in front of the children.  She wished Andre would just go for it, but he seemed hesitant.  The next time his hand brushed through her pubic hair, she tilted her pelvis enough to bring her outer lips underneath his palm.  That was all the invitation he needed, and he began to caress her where she needed it most.

"Unnnnh." Emily whimpered as Andre split his fingers and ran them along her outer lips.  Gently, he moved them back and forth, and up and down.  This caused her clitoral sheath to rub deliciously along her burning clitty.  She bucked lewdly against Andre's soft little hand, wetting it with her drippings.  She heard wet smacking noises as the fluids began to congeal and foam between their skin.

Andrea followed her brother's example and began to concentrate on stimulating Emily's other breast and nipple.  With her free hand, she guided the older girl's hand toward her own wet, hairless crotch.  Emily only resisted for a moment when she realized what the girl was doing, then let her fingers be guided to the girl's aroused little pussy, too absorbed in Andre's ministrations to care.

"Ohhhh," Andrea gasped as she felt Emily's cool, trembling fingers come into contact with her outer cunny lips.  The warm slipperiness of the girl's oozing fluids felt surprisingly good to Emily and she cupped the little mounds of flesh in her palm, smearing them with girl-cream.

Emily's other hand was madly clutching at Andre's soft thigh near his hips. When the boy leaned over to bring his face closer to Emily's slimy pussy so that he could get a better look at what he was doing and take a whiff of her arousal, his rock-hard little peter bounced against the back of her hand.  Without even thinking, she pinned it to his thigh and began to rub it with her fingers.  She was amazed at how soft and delicate the skin was, and how rubbery it felt underneath when she pressed on it.

Andre's middle finger had been gradually pressing harder along Emily's cunny crack, slowly putting more pressure on her straining clitoris.  Now he pressed the tip of his finger firmly between Emily's inner lips, which had swollen larger than they ever had before.  They now looked like tiny pink leaves flaring out from her drooling entrance.

"Unnh!  God, that's good Andre!  Push harder!"  Emily grunted as she bucked her hips off the bed wildly.  Oh, how her cunt hungered to be filled!  She had never before felt such a strong desire for penetration.  Always before, her clitty had given her all the satisfaction she needed.  Now it wasn't nearly enough.

Andre pushed harder, struggling to get past the tight ring of muscle at her entrance that was involuntarily clenching shut as it felt the unaccustomed intrusion.  Fortunately, Emily's entrance was so slick with wetness, that Andre's small finger took only a moment to lubricate enough to force it's way inside.

"Gaaaagh!  Unnh!"  Emily grunted as she felt her vagina being penetrated for the first time.  His finger felt huge inside her tight twat, and she struggled with the mixed pleasure and pain it brought her.  In moments, though, the pain gave way to waves and waves of pleasure.

"Ohhhh yeahhhh!  Deeper, Emily, deeper!"  Andrea moaned.

In the back of her mind, Emily realized that the hand she had on Andrea's cunt had its middle finger stuck up to the first knuckle inside the girl's tight little love canal.  Fortunately, she had very short fingernails.  She pushed deeper into the girl's hot, sucking hole at the same time that Andre ventured farther into her own unplumbed depths.  Her other hand involuntarily wrapped itself around the boy's erection and began to squeeze it spasmodically in time with her own vagina's contractions.

The combined sensations of feeling a hot, wet vagina squeezing her finger, and feeling her own love tunnel spasming around and sucking at Andre's finger was too much for her inexperienced nervous system to handle.  Her orgasm was sudden and explosive.

"Gaaannnnh!  Hunnnnnnnh!  Hunnnnnnnh!  Hunh!  Hunh!  Hunh!  Ohhhhhhh!  Unh!  Unh!  Unh!  Oh, huh, huh, ungh, ungh, unnnnnnngh!  Unnnnnnngh!  Unnnnnnngh!  Hunh!  Hunh!  Hunh, unnnnnnngh!  Unnnnnnngh!  Unnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng, gah, gah, gah, unh, unh, unh, ohhhh.  Ohhh.   Ohh.  Oh.  Oh.  Unh.  Ahhhhh!"  Emily's toes curled and her back arched high, forcing Andre's probing digit past her maidenhead and into her womb.  She barely noticed the flash of pain as she ground her exploding cunny against his fist.  Her head thrashed from side to side with her eyes squeezed tightly shut.  Her body arched again and again in a wanton display of pure ecstasy.  Love juices sluiced from her over-excited love box until they dripped off her bottom and onto the bedspread in long, thin strands.  Andre's fingers dripped with her froth, but she was beyond caring.  She wanted him to witness how hot and horny she was.  Wanted him to desire her like he had never desired a girl before.  Wanted him to take her with his beautiful, hard young prick.

Her hungry cunt sucking at Andre's middle finger must have been too much for the young boy, for he gently disengaged her hand from its attempt to choke the life out of his little boy-cock and began to reposition himself over her sweaty young body.

"Oh, yes, Andre, fuck her now.  She's totally ready!"  Andrea moaned, her tight little cunny squeezing itself around Emily's still-embedded finger as she anticipated their babysitter's imminent devirginazation.

Andre knelt between Emily's widespread legs and gazed with awe upon her virgin flower, smeared and swollen with her powerful arousal.

"Would you like to have sex with me, Emily?"  Andy asked breathlessly.  "I promise to be gentle."

"Oh god yes, Andre.  Please fuck me.  Fuck me good!"  Emily urged him, her body writhing with a level of lust she'd never experienced before.  The naughty words felt good to say, as if they released any last inhibitions she might have had.

Locking his eyes on hers, the boy moved himself over her.  Andrea disengaged her sucking cunt from Emily's finger and moved down to squat between her brother's legs so she could watch up close the biggest event so far in Emily's young life.

Andre was fully a head shorter than the older girl, putting him in the perfect position to take one of her swollen nipples into his mouth.  Emily moaned as he did so, her pelvis bucking up to trap his hard little pricklet between their bodies.

Andre sucked loudly and greedily on her pert little tit as he ground his 3-inch poker into her slippery slit, crushing her clitty with the underside of his sweet young cock.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  Emily moaned as her vagina felt the touch of a boy's penis for the very first time.  Instinctively, she grabbed a cute little bun in each hand and pulled him against her as she ground her pelvis against his.

"Mmmmf, mmmmm!"  The boy moaned with his mouth full of tit.  Wet smacking noises came from both his mouth and their grinding crotches.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Unhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  Emily wailed as she continued to rut against the boy.  Her head was slowly shaking from side to side, her eyes wide and glassy as her young nervous system tried to cope with the powerful waves of ecstasy her body was experiencing for the very first time.  Her cunt contracted powerfully, and she felt another load of girl goo flow from her loins.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmf!  Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"  The boy moaned in response, lost in the wet pleasure her cunt was soaking him with.  His hips began to grind harder and faster against her, and she could feel his hot breath blowing from his nose in harsh gasps each time he exhaled.

"Unnnnnnnhhhhhhhh...   Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...  Unh!  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  Emily was delirious with the sensation the little boy was giving her.  She could feel the wet head of his cock rubbing against her pubic hair, drenching it with her own juices.  Its stalk was grinding deliciously against her clitoris while his tight little ball sac gently kissed the wet, sticky opening to her love canal.

After only a few minutes of this, Emily couldn't wait any longer.

"Put it in, Andre!  Put it in now, please!"  Emily gasped.

The boy eagerly complied, lifting his hips away from her and trying to position his dick at her entrance.  He lifted his mouth off her tit so he could see, and Emily was able to look down and see his hard young prick, smeared with her pearly foam, waving in the air over her hungry little cunny.

Andrea helpfully reached a hand underneath the boy's scrotum and guided his erection to Emily's entrance.  She held it there while the boy strained to get the head past the tight ring that guarded Emily's treasures.

"Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!  Unnnnnnnhhhhhhhh!"  Emily yelled as she fought to impale herself on the boy's little prod.  She felt his small glans pressing into her and pressed back until it popped through with a satisfying snap.  Suddenly he was impaled in her all the way up to the hairless base.  She heard a loud SLUUUURRRRP as his tender young stalk zipped quickly into her well-greased tunnel.

"Unnnnnnnhhhhhhhh!"  The boy wailed as he felt himself plummet into her tight, wet heat.  Emily's entire body stiffened against him as it was penetrated by a cock for the very first time.  Her back arched and her pelvis strained against him, taught as a bowstring.

"Yeeeeeeessssssss!"  Emily gasped as she celebrated the loss of her virginity with a moment of dicklet-induced bliss.  She felt her cunt walls trap and convulse around the invading little missile, anointing it generously with her love oil.  "Oh, yeeesss!"

Andre had lifted his face to look into her eyes as he penetrated her, and Emily saw the unbridled ecstasy etched into his childish features.  A look of awe and wonder was quickly replaced by one of surprise, then a grimace of ecstasy.  She felt him stiffen against her as his teeth clenched and a look of intense concentration froze on his face.

"Unh...  Oh no, I'm cumming alreadyyyyyyy!"  Andre yelped as his pelvis ground against her, planting his horny little prick as far into her as it would go.  Suddenly, he began to shudder and shake in her arms.

"Me, too!  Me too!"  Emily screamed as she felt the sparks of pleasure shooting between her nipples and clitoris that would ignite her aching cunny into orgasm.  She thought she could feel every detail of the boy's penis as it strained deeply inside of her.  The mushroom-shaped tip, the fleshy tube running along its underside, the slight upward curve that made it press deliciously against the upper walls of her cunt, and the silky-soft bag of nuggets that wetly kissed her bottom.  Suddenly, his entire organ expanded to press firmly against her squishy tunnel walls and trigger a huge orgasm inside of her.

"Aaaaaiiiiieeeee!  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Unnnnnnnhhhhhhhh!  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"  Emily wailed in the midst of the greatest orgasm of her life.

"Unnnnnnnhhhhhhh!  Unnnnnnnhhhhhhhh!  Unnnnnnnhhhhhhhh!  Unnnnnhhhhh!  Unnnnhhhh!  Unnnhhh!"  The boy moaned as he gave in to the overwhelming urge to spray his non-existent seed into her hot, tight wetness.

"Yes!  Yes!  Oh yes, Emily!  Cum!  Cum hard!"  Andrea urged as she desperately frigged her wet little pussy.

"Unnhh!  Unnhh!  Unh!  Unh!  Unh!"  Andre grunted as he began to make little rabbit thrusts deep inside her when his orgasm began to wane.

"Ohhhh!  Ohhhh!  Unh!  Unh!  Unh!"  Emily groaned as she matched the young boy hump for hump.

"Hunh!  Uh!  Hunh!  Uh!  Hunh, hunh, huh, huh, huuuuuhhhhh.  Oh yeah, oh yeah."  Andre moaned as his orgasm spent itself deep inside of his babysitter.

"Unh!  Unh!  Oh, unh! Oh!  Oh!  Unh, huh, unh, huh, unh, unnnnhhhhh!"  Emily sighed as she felt the flames of her climax finally abate to leave her in a state of blissful relaxation.  She felt comfortable and secure under the sweaty boy's weight, relishing the feel of his hard cock still embedded deeply inside of her.  She began to slowly caress his back and still-spasming bottom.

"God, that was soooo goooooood!"  Andre panted, kissing her sweaty breasts.

"Mmm hmmm!"  Emily agreed quietly.

After resting for a few minutes, his cock never leaving her cunt, Andre began to slowly hump into her.  She was still so wet inside that there was very little friction to irritate their still-sensitive young organs.  Although it had weakened slightly, his dicklet had never gone completely limp.  After a few thrusts, it was again rock-hard as only little boy-dicks can get.

Emily relaxed underneath the boy as he began to make long, slow strokes in and out of her.  They laid together with their eyes closed, relishing in the gentle sensations of a nice, slow fuck.

After awhile, Andre began to twist his hips in a screwing motion as he thrust.  This caused his little mushroom cap to poke along her cunt in various directions, the ring of foreskin at its base giving her a little extra stimulation with each pass.

Leisurely, Emily began to twist her pelvis in a pattern opposed to his, so that even more of her cunt would feel the pressure of his glans as it slowly thrust in and out of her.

"Mmm, this is nice," Emily whispered to him.

"Yeah," Andre agreed.

Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...

"Hey, Emily?"  Andre asked.

Smack...  Smack...

"Mmm hmm?"

Smack...  Smack...

"Wanna, ungh, wanna try something neat?"

Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...

"Mmm, what?  This is sooo great!"

Andre grabbed Emily around the shoulders and began to fall onto his side.  Emily resisted briefly, not wanting to spoil a good thing, then decided to follow his lead.  They rolled onto their side as Andrea, working on her third orgasm while watching them, scrambled from between their legs.  Andre's little cock popped wetly out of Emily as he hopped off the bed to guide her onto her stomach.  Then he climbed back on and knelt between her legs, lifting her pelvis off the bed.

Carefully, Andre scooted his knees beneath the older girl so that her tummy and pelvis were over his thighs and her wet crotch was against his.  Emily, catching on to the idea, arched her back and guided her cunny over his trembling hard-on.  When they touched, Andre drove his young tool home.  Emily was so relaxed that it slipped in easily and completely.

"Ungh!"  Emily gasped at the welcome feeling of having him back inside of her.

"Ahhh!"  Andre sighed.

Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...

Emily liked this position because she could bend her head down and watch the action.  She loved the sight of his reddened little cock disappearing inside of her, then seeing it glisten wetly with her juices as it emerged.  A white froth had built up around the bald base of his cock that nearly covered his precious little scrotum.  Andre reached around to grab her breasts and knead them in his little hands.

Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...

Emily's clitoris began to re-emerge from its sheath to scrape deliciously along the underside of the boy's erection.

Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...

"Unh, ohhhhh," Emily sighed as she felt the tension begin to build inside of her.  She discovered how she could clench her vagina around his penis as he pulled out, then loosen it as he pushed in to heighten the sensation.  She watched Andre's balls tighten when she started this, then felt them start to bang against her clitty on the downstrokes.  The soft, wet skin smacking into her most sensitive spot felt wonderful.

"Oh, Emily, I like that!"  Andre gasped in response to her new technique.

"Unh, me too, Andre, me too!"

Smack...  Smack...  Smack...  Smack...

Emily felt her passion begin to rise quickly now, as she watched the boy's cock get wetter and wetter with her flow.  He moved his hands from her breasts to her hips and began to fuck her faster as his arousal grew along with hers.

Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, smack.

"Oh, Emily, unh, I'm getting, unh, ready to, unh, cum, unh!"  Andre gasped.

"Ungh, me too! Ungh, unh!"  Emily began to bounce so frantically onto the boy that he had to hold himself still in fear that he would accidentally pop out of her in their frantic humping.

Smack smack smack smack smack smack smack smack.

"Unh, Emilyyyyy!  I'm, ungh, cuuuummmmiiiiinnnnngggg!"  Andre wailed.

"Ah, unh, meeee toooo, ungh!  Unh!"

Smacksmacksmacksmacksmacksmacksmack... SMACK!  Andre rammed himself deep inside his babysitter and held her hips tightly against him so he could cum as deeply inside her as he could go.

Emily felt his rod swell as he held her tight and let lose with another torrent of love juices as her cunt spasmed and clenched around it's very welcome guest.  She ground herself down on him, watching in fascination as his tight little ball sac almost got inside her tight opening.  Her hot, clear juices sluiced out of her to drip down his balls and onto his thighs.  He strained against her equally hard, his immature cock trying desperately to spurt the impregnating juices he could not yet make into a womb that could not yet get pregnant.

"Unh, unh, unh, oh, unh, unh, unh, ohhhh!"  Andre panted as he experienced his third orgasm of the evening.

"Ungh, ungh, ugnh, ah, ungh, ungh, ah, ahhhh!"  Emily groaned as the pleasure wracked her tired young body.

"Oh yes, oh god, oh, oh, oh yes... YES!"  Andrea wailed as she watched their mutual climax, triggering off yet another of her own.

With that, the three children fell into an exhausted heap, their bodies intertwined, breathing heavily and sleepily.  In moments, all three were fast asleep.


"Emily?  Emily.  It's time to go home, dear."  A soft voice broke through her contented sleep.

Oh, it's Mrs. Winklestein, Emily thought dreamily.  Then she realized that she was lying on a bed naked with the woman's children, her cunt still wet and tingly from fucking the lady's son!  Her eyes popped open.

Emily sat up quickly, speechless, terror twisting her cute little face.

"Don't be alarmed, dear, you haven't done anything wrong."  Mrs. Winklestein smiled and patted her tenderly on the shoulder.

"But, but..." Emily looked at the two naked children still sleeping beside her.

"I can tell you kids had a great time.  I'm just sorry I wasn't here to enjoy it with you."  Mrs. Winklestein said.

All Emily could do was sit and blush.

"Here, I've brought you a washcloth to clean up with.  Looks like you're quite the little gusher, sweetheart.  I sure know Andre couldn't have contributed to that big wet spot there.  That's a gift in a woman, if you ask me.

Stunned, Emily began to mechanically wash off the remnants of her lovemaking session with Mrs. Winklestein's still-sleeping little boy.

"Now, here are your clothes," the woman offered as Emily finished wiping herself off.  "I think I have everything -- it looks like you took them off in quite a hurry."  The woman said with a smile and a twinkle in her eye.

Emily blushed harder.  She took her panties, but in her trembling state, had a great deal of difficulty getting a foot through them.

"Well, here, let me help you get dressed so we can get you home."  Mrs. Winklestein said patiently as she slipped the girl's panties onto her legs.

Finally, Emily managed to get dressed with the woman's help.

"You won't tell my mom?"  Emily finally got the courage to ask.

"Whatever for, dear?  You've taken great care of my children, and I'm very thankful."  The lady reassured her.

Mrs. Winklestein handed Emily a wad of money.

"Isn't Andre a great little fucker?"  The woman asked with a wink.

Emily looked up from the money.  "You mean you...?"

"Oh yes, for the better part of a year now.  I want my children to learn about sex from me, not some inexperienced kid on the street.  Don't you think that's better?"

"Uh... Oh my, Mrs. Winklestein, this is far too much money!"

"Nonsense, dear, it's just a little tip as a gesture of my gratitude.  By the way, dear, would you like to join the children in their future sex lessons?  I'm sure they would love to have you join in.  Andrea has a little boyfriend that she wants to invite, too."

Emily blushed at the thought of Mrs. Winklestein, three kids and herself all on a bed having sex.  Then she decided that she could use a few sex lessons now that she was a woman.

"Uh, yeah, I guess."  Emily said, trying not to seem too eager.












--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....