Archive-name: Bestial/emotions.txt
Archive-author: Unicorn
Archive-title: Emotions of Animals?


Zeke>>>  You honestly believe that animals do not feel love, and
are incapable of expressing it?   You do not have my anger, nor
my hatred Zeke - what you have is my sincere pity upon you.  
 
	It's an interesting suggestion though - and one that has
been brought up before.  Are animals capable of the higher
emotions which we humans so jealously gaurd?  In MY opinion, they
most definately are.  Let's look at some of them.
 
Anger - Here's one that we seem to be seeing a lot of lately.  
        There can certainly be no mistaking that animals are MORE
        than capable of feeling, and acting upon this emotion.  
        Everything - from a shrew to an elephant is capable of
        being made angry - and they all act upon it.  

Jealousy - This one is very obvious, at least where several 
           animals are all trying for the attention of another.
           It is, of course, primarily seen in social aniamls, 
           such as humans, horses, dogs, and (if I recall
           correctly) lions.   Horse herds, be they wild, or 
           domestic, have a hierarchy.  The leader will have a
           favorite, and that position IS know to cause some 
           jealousy amoung the others.   With domestic animals,
           it may be quite noticable that one will be jealous of
           the other, should the other one seem to be getting
           more attention.

Fear - Again, an emotion which cannot be doubted.  Some humans,
       sadly, seem to derive great pleasure from instilling fear
       into others - be it other humans, or other animals (let us
       not forget, humans ARE just another type of animal).  
       Fortunately, the reaction of most people to seeing someone
       instilling fear into an innocent is anger.  This is one of
       the few cases where anger may be a good thing - for it may
       save someone (or something) that we care about.

Lust - There is little doubt that this is an emotion common to
       all animals - be they human, or otherwise.  Lust is, I
       would say, the definate precursor to love.  When people
       say "It was love at first sight" what they are REALLY
       saying is "He/She made me so excited, I could have done 
       him/her right there!"  There is certainly nothing WRONG
       with this emotion - provided that one has the intelligence
       to regulate it to the proper time and place.  Animals are
       blessed with not having the human curse of shame upon
       them, and can thus express lust whenever, and wherever
       they please.  Humans - because other humans might be
       offended (made jealous?) - are forced to keep their 
       displays of lust behind closed doors.  Even there, people
       who have no business snooping would like to condemn those
       who partake in this purest form of sexual abandon.

Love - Time to get to the point.  Love is the ultimate
       combination of emotions.  When you feel love, you will
       (at times) feel anger, and jealousy, and lust, and a 
       great deal more.  The problem with love, is that you 
       don't always recognize it until you are threatened with
       losing it - which is a good way to determine if it is 
       love, or lust.  Lust is the quicky one-nighter.  Love is
       forever.   Love is the BOND which forms between two (or
       sometimes, more) beings which makes them delight in each
       other's company, and feel "that something is missing"
       when they are apart.  
 
	Some pet-owners would say that they don't really LOVE
their pets - they are just fond of them.  But what happens when
that pet suddenly dies, or is otherwise taken from them?  Grown
men bawl their eyes out - and these are not little "girlyman"
types either.  When it is LOVE, all the little quirks of human
morals and ideals become totally meaningless.  Anyone who cannot
feel this emotion, is not to be hated, but to be deeply pitied.
 
	They say that the eyes are the windows to the soul,
and/or to the heart.  One has only to look into an animal's eyes
to be able to read their emotions.  Of all the emotions - love,
fear, and anger are the easiest to see.  I would suggest that
anyone who claims that animals cannot feel love, must have only
seen animals who's eyes showed only the latter two.  Perhaps the
person did something to make that so, or perhaps it was an animal
who had simply had too much of suffering at the hands of
humanity.  Even so - to quote that old standby - The difference
between a dog and a man, is that if you feed a starving dog, he
will not bite you.
 
	In closing, I might add this.  Zeke's chosen code-name
is ideal for the irony it invokes.  Such a name causes most
people to envision a redneck with little (if any) education, and
a very closed mind.  For a reason I cannot put my finger on, I
get the idea that Zeke also hates Jews, Blacks, Hispanics,
Homosexuals, Bisexuals, East-Indian, American-Indians, or
basically anyone who is not at the very least a WASP.   Of
course, I could be totally mistaken, and Zeke could merely be an
unfortunate soul who has no idea what love is - regardless of
what form it comes in.
 
	So, a warm horsey-hug to everyone.  And especially for
you Zeke, because Lordy, you need one!

			I am, as always,

						<Unicorn>
--
