Archive-name: Bondage/encbecca.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Encounter with Rebecca


 The warmth of the shower which had so relaxed my body gave way to a sudden
influx of frigid water. The surge of cold water over my skin tightened my
muscles involuntarily as I fought my natural tendency to step out of the stream
and turned slowly, raising my arms to get the cold water directly on my ribs.
Wow! Refreshment. I was ready. I turned off the water and stepped out of the
shower. Grabbing my towel I enjoyed the energy provided by the temperature
induced adrenaline rush. I was meeting her in a half-hour, and I'd best get
hopping.

 I hurried through my personal preparations for the night's activities,
stopping briefly to splash on some Drakkar Noir before heading out. It was a
warm evening in late June, and I was meeting an absolutely delicious blonde who
was taking classes at a local college as a way of getting over her recent
divorce. The tension and excitement of a first date made my stomach dance as I
started up the Corvette. I cruised well above the speed limit and arrived at
the library right on time. There she was!

 She slid happily into the passenger seat, tossing her books onto the floor and
smiling wickedly. I couldn't help but steal a furtive glance at her ample
breasts; tight mounds beneath a soft, cream sweater.

 We had to stop at her apartment she explained, so she could freshen up. Like
she needed freshening. Her body was nearly enough to give me a heart attack.

 We engaged in nervous small talk, and I fidgeted as I began to feel that
sweet, tingly sensation of arousal. She noticed, and giggled. "What's so
funny?"
"Nothing." Next thing you know, her soft hand is on my thigh. I am taking a
hard turn, and hesitate slightly, moving the 'vette to the outside of the lane.
"Nervous?" she asks. I laugh. "Just a little," I reply. Within seconds I am
really uncomfortable as my increasingly turgid cock strains to find a more
comfortable position. I fidget some more, hoping she won't notice. If she does,
she gives no indication. Now I'm in a quandary. Do I use my hand to reposition
my cock more comfortably, or do I sit in discomfort. She looks out the window,
and I try to quickly rectify the situation. I do, but hit her hand in the
process. She turns, and looks at me, and I know that she *knows* what I just
did. I feel my face begin to flush. She giggles again, then runs her hand right
over the tent my now fully erect member has made in my pants. I shiver. "You
are going to be the death of me!" I exclaim.

 We pull into the driveway of her apartment building. I stop the car, then turn
and grab her sweet face, kissing her sweet lips. Slowly at first, then with
more vigor. Her lips part and our tongues meet, dancing a slow tango. She pulls
away and says "Let's go inside." I am not about to disagree.

 We enter her apartment, and she turns on me even before I'm through the door.
The screen door closes with a slam, and she attacks my tongue most vigorously
with her own. "I've been waiting all day for this," she breathes. She is
kissing my neck now, quickly unbuttoning my shirt and rubbing her hands on my
chest. My shirt is practically off now, and she falls to her knees. She looks
up at me with a look that I would pay another mortgage for, and I know she is
planning on doing me right there in front of the door. Within seconds my stiff
pole is free of its encumbrances and into her hot mouth. My head is practically
swimming. I grab onto the door to keep from falling over as she inhales my
throbbing dick. She _loves_ this, I can tell. I start to close the inside door,
but encounter resistance. I look down and she her hand holding the door. That
little exhibitionist! I feel tension mounting in my balls. "That's enough," I
exclaim and pull my aching rod from her lips. She pouts, mockingly.

 I close the door, and pick her up- carrying her to the couch. Her nipples are
poking nicely through her tight sweater, but only for a second. The sweater is
unceremoniously removed and tossed haphazardly I know not where. I pull off my
own shirt and toss it behind me, then grab Rebecca and hold her very close, so
I can feel her silky soft skin against mine as I begin kissing her again. Our
kisses are wild now, wet with revolving tongues. She smells wonderful. Her hair
is soft against my face. My dick is hard enough to cut glass, but now is her
turn.

 I kiss my way to her neck. My hands roam to her ample breasts. She has pale
pink nipples, the sight of which is enough to arouse me under any
circumstances. I begin to kiss her breasts, carefully avoiding the nipples. She
squirms, attempting to get the nipples into my mouth. I resist, then finally
take one into my mouth while grabbing the other with my left hand. She sighs
audibly. I stimulate her thusly, then move my leg between hers to give her
something to push her mound against. She begins to apply pressure to her box.
I remove her skirt, then grab her panties with both hands. I can see the
wetness covering her crotch, and her smell drives me absolutely wild. I cannot
resist. I kiss my way down her stomach, give her a few little bites on the
inside of her thighs, then begin to lick and suck her quivering pussy. She is
wild with desire now, squirming and bucking up against my face, her hands
guiding my head to her pleasure. Slowly I caress her engorged labia, tonguing
gently along her folds. Brushing lightly up against her clit, I feel her quiver
in delight. Down farther, into her steamy slit I slide my wiggling tongue. She
loves it.

 Increasing the rhythmn, I begin tapping her clit with the tip of my tongue,
then running the length of my tongue over it. She tenses, then shudders, and I
feel her ejaculate shoot into my mouth. She screams in delight, and digs her
fingernails into my shoulder. Moaning and yelping, her body shakes with a
violent orgasm. I am delighted at my effect upon her.

 I move up to kiss her now. She grabs my cock as I kick my remaining clothes
onto the floor. I am in her mouth again; she is sucking with renewed vigor.
I am nearly ready to come myself. I lay back on the sofa as she ministers to my
manhood. She grabs my balls and I nearly hit the roof. I am way too sensitive
for that type of stimulation. She bites my glans playfully. It gets even
harder. She begins to get a good rhythmn, taking in almost the whole thing then
applying pressure as she lets it out. My hips begin to gyrate uncontrollably.
I know I can't stop now. Her long blonde hair keeps getting in the way so she
has to keep stopping to remove it. I gallantly offer to hold it for her. I now
have her hair in a big pony-tail, held off to the side. That sweet feeling is
building up- I know I'm about to burst. My glans swells and I erupt. Hot
jism squirts into her mouth and throat, yet she does not miss a beat. A type-A
orgasm (total loss of muscle control). I lose my grip on her hair as my body
shakes with the power of orgasm. She sucks me dry, then looks up at me with her
pretty blue eyes all steamy. It occurs to me that I have died and gone to
heaven. She licks her lips seductively, exclaiming "You taste soooo good. I
could do this all day." I mumble something, and she smiles. 

 Next thing I know, she has grabbed my still semi-erect penis and says "Let's
go into the bedroom." I realize now that she has no intentions of going out
tonight, and the mere thought of more sex has me getting hard again. As we
enter the bedroom, I notice a pair of handcuffs on the doorknob of the closet.
She catches my gaze, and follows it to the cuffs. "They're just toys. I've
never used them, really." "Do you have a walkman?" I inquire. "Sure," she
responds, and produces it forthwith. 

 I tell her to trust me. She looks puzzled. "Don't worry, Rebecca, I won't hurt
you. We're going to have a little fun." She relaxes somewhat, but still seems
perplexed. I instruct her to lie down on the bed. She is most obediant. I am
fairly trembling as I cuff her to the brass frame. Her body is so beautiful,
and now so vulnerable. My cock is now so hard it is almost painful. It is a
little sore from the first orgasm, but I could care less. I grab a scarf from a
drawer, and carefully blindfold her. Now the walkman is put on her, and she can
neither see nor hear me, and is nearly helpless. I quickly scoot to the
kitchen, and get half an ice cube, resting it on my tongue. I return to the bed
and begin to massage her, which instantly gets her nipples erect, even though I
haven't come near them. I carefully massage her body, kneading her breasts and
pinching her hard nipples. She moans. I begin to finger her wet box; she
spreads her legs far apart to give me great access. I bend over and place my
tongue directly on her clit. The sensation of the coldness from the ice cube
and
my tongue sets her off immediately. Her moaning turns me on, and I guide my
cock to her lips for a few quick sucks. Then I change positions so that I am
sitting on her torso, and begin rubbing my hard cock on her luscious tits. She
is very turned on; I can tell by the way she tugs at her bonds. I decide I must
have her- now. I position myself and rub my tool on her hot, slippery cunt
lips. She is trying to get my rod into her. I tease her a bit more, then
partially out of mercy for her, and partly out of unadulterated lust, I begin
to enter her torrid snatch. Oh my- she is so silky feeling inside. Her heat
brings me to the edge almost immediately. I stop thrusting, to keep from
shooting immediately. She squirms and says "Tease" very loudly, as the music
prevents her from hearing her own voice very well. I regain my composure and
begin thrusting slowly again, building up the tempo. Her hot little cunt is
driving me wild; I begin to thrust more deeply now. I grab her legs in my arms,
and move them so her heels are near her head. I am really going to town now,
and she is ready to come. I bite her left nipple, and she begins to jerk
violently; I feel her wetness running down my balls and I'm over the edge too.
We come crazily together, and I release her legs so she can relax.

 "Wow, that was great!" I hear, but not from Rebecca's lips. I practically
shit. It's Rebecca's roommate, Lisa. "How long were you watching?" I ask, still
shaking from this latest of orgasms. "When I came in, you were coming from the
kitchen with an ice cube in your mouth. When I see a naked man walking around
with an icecube in his mouth in my apartment, I get curious." "I presume you're
Lisa?" "Yup." "Well you'd better get out of here, before I take Rebecca's
blindfold off." She laughs, moving closer. "Didn't she tell you? Becka and I 
share _everything_.!" Now I know I'm in heaven.

 The rest is a tale for another day.

-- 
