The Encounter
author unknown

*****

I sit at the window, legs propped up on the sill, smoking.  The cars 
go by below me, making a gentle shushing noise as they pass on the wet 
streets.  Their headlights reflect off the slick road and make the 
patent tips of my lace-up, thigh-high boots glisten.  I blow smoke 
against the window, watching it spread along the surface and 
disappear.  The room is dark; the only light comes in from the city 
lights outside.

The door opens with a soft click and the unmistakable noise of high 
heels on tile rings out through the room.  I smile.  This is what I 
have been waiting for.  I turn to the entryway.

You are smoking, too.  You lean against the door frame, letting your 
purse fall to the floor.  Its chain strap clinks as it coils at your 
feet.  You take a long drag off your cigarette; the burning tip glows, 
illuminating your features and glinting like deep flame off the soft 
curls framing your face.

You are a vision, like a drug to my senses.  Standing there, you are a 
tall goddess, long and slinky and so very sexy.  Your legs, covered in 
sheer black, flow down to deep green, velvet pumps.  Clad in the same 
color, your body is encased in a waifish dress; a full skirt falls 
from a tight lace-up bodice, stopping just below the tops of the 
stockings I am certain are beneath it.  Your breasts push up from the 
top of the dress.  I can see them move delicately with your breathing, 
and I want to kiss their softness.  Long, tight sleeves cover your 
arms, spilling to long ruffles of material at your wrists.  My dress 
is identical, save that the color is deep purple.

For a long moment, I do nothing but look at you.  The electricity 
between us is almost tangible.  We have done this before, you and I, 
and part of the excitement is the certainty and trust that we have in 
each other.  We know what is coming, and it is beautiful and good.  We 
extinguish our cigarettes; only one kind of fire is going to happen 
here tonight.

I move to you, stopping mere inches from your body.  Your perfume 
rises off you with your body's heat.  I run my hands over your tight 
bodice, feeling the flesh beneath the material.  My hands slip to the 
small of your back, savoring your tautness; your body is firm and 
lithe, and, while you are both taller and larger than I, you feel 
fragile and tiny under my hands.  Pressing you back against the wall, 
I mold my body to yours; our breasts are crushed heavenly together, 
and our legs intertwine.  You lean your face down to mine and our 
tongues meet, lightly, so as not to disturb our lipstick.  I lean into 
you, my face in the divine place just below your neck and just above 
your breast, and we just hold each other.  One of your hands tangles 
in my hair, bringing me closer.  It has been too long, and I have 
missed you so much.

After a delicious eternity, I move my nothing but my hands.  They slip 
along your back and down to your hips and the backs of your thighs.  
We adjust our bodies slightly and my hips are pressed between yours.  
You spread your legs and move your free hand to my rear; your nail dig 
into me and we grind together.  You moan quietly, feeling what is 
hidden beneath my dress.  

We move together to the bed, and you lie back, your hair spilling over 
your shoulders and the satin comforter.  Your eyes are not on mine, 
but on the ceiling, where I know you are transfixed by our 
reflections.  Slowly, I run my hand up your legs, lifting your skirt 
and revealing your stockings and six garters.  I see you smile 
slightly at the image.  We are beautiful.  

I slide your dress down over your shoulders, freeing your breasts.  I 
bend down, letting my hair fall over them.  You arch your back, aching 
for more of a touch, for something more than the feathery feel of my 
hair on your skin.  I let your nipples brush my face and you squirm, 
trying to bring them to my mouth.  I nip at their hardness and catch 
one between my teeth; you freeze, at the same time dreading and 
wanting me to bite it.  I am gentle....this time....and let it go with 
only a small pressure.  My tongue flicks across their tips; where my 
tongue is not, my fingers are, pinching and rolling them between my 
fingers.  You begin to rub your legs together, wanting more and more.

Running my hand down your flat stomach, I reach under your skirt and 
feel your lace panties underneath.  You are hard, as hard as if I had 
had you in my mouth or inside of me.  Your panties cannot contain you, 
and most of your length is exposed.  I feel a rush of desire, and I 
long to have you inside of me....but tonight I am going to be inside 
of you.  

You tear your eyes from the mirror and look at me.  I lift my own 
skirt and reveal what you had discovered earlier: my own hardness.  
Your eyes widen; you are always a little surprised at its size.  I 
reach down and activate the vibrator within the big cock, slowly 
rubbing it against my throbbing sex.  I stroke you at the same time, 
and you pulse, growing even larger.  

After a time, I reach back to your exquisite legs, bringing one of 
them up to my face.  It is long and beautiful, and I slide my hands 
along its length and run my tongue over the back of your knee and the 
inside of your thigh.  When I am done, I move it across me to meet 
your other leg, rolling you over to your stomach.  You are reluctant 
to leave your fine view, but as you look up from your new position, 
you realize that you are facing another mirror.  You purr, and I know 
that we will use this hotel again.

Down on all fours now, you lean forward on your elbows, your delicious 
rear pressed high into the air, wiggling a little.  Your legs spread 
wider, bringing your body closer to the bed.  Arching your back even 
more, you reach above your head and grasp the headboard.  My hand 
moves around you to the front of your hips and holds your hardness as 
your hips press back against me, forcing my quiet vibrations close 
against my sex.  I moan, stroking you harder and faster, running my 
palm over your tip, feeling the wetness that is already there.  You 
squirm against me more urgently, and I rub my cock against you.  You 
arch more eagerly, ready for me.  I reach for the lubricant beside the 
bed, slicking myself and my fingers, sliding one finger, then two, 
inside of you.  You grow harder and your breath comes faster.  I know 
this is not what you want, but I want to tease you a little.  As I 
bring my hardness against you, I shiver with pleasure.  I know how 
tight you are going to be....I love you so much.

Slowly, I slip myself inside of you.  You gasp as the big dick 
penetrates you, but you press back against me anyway, wanting my 
entire length inside of you.  As we move closer, I stroke you.  Our 
hips moving in the same rhythm; my cock moves in and out of you.  My 
clit is on fire with the vibrations, and I know you feel them inside 
of you as you begin to buck against me.  You are hot and hard and 
beginning to moan, as I am.  At times, I pull my length almost out of 
you, only to plunge deeper inside than before.  Each time, you moan a 
little louder and grow a little harder and we move a little faster.  
My thighs are starting to tingle, and I know I'm going to come soon, 
when you cry out, the first words of the evening, "Fuck me!", and I 
know that I am lost.  My hips grind against yours again and again, 
faster and faster.  I gasp and moan, "I'm coming!  I'm coming inside 
of you!", and you lose control with me.  In a frenzy, you move within 
my hand, and I press all of my length inside of you.  I come first, 
letting out a cry that is more of a wail than a moan, arching my back, 
my thighs against yours.  You are right behind me, coming in a 
shuddering glory, moving beneath me even after it was over.

I switch off the vibrator and lean forward over your back, and we 
relax onto the sheets.  Kissing your shoulder and the back of your 
neck, I whisper that I love you.  As you answer in kind, you reach 
behind you to caress my thigh.  We look together over to the mirror 
beside the bed.  We are beautiful.  We always will be.

FIN
