Archive-name: Bondage/encsiera.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Encounter in the Sierras


The closest thing I've had to a bondage experience was playing voyeur
in somebody else's scene. Even though it happened some time ago, it
seems as if it happened just recently. Just typing in the following
brought back the details as well as a smile to my face.

In the summer of 1980, two friends (F___ and L___) and I were on an
eight day backpack trip in the Sierras. The sixth day out we had
gotten to our campsite quite early in the day: our packs were light,
and we had walked ourselves into reasonable shape. By 1:00 that
afternoon, we had had a leisurely lunch and two of us had even taken a
swim in the lake. L___ thought being dirty and sticky was easier than
being cold.

We had started the usual tall tales about previous camping trips (how
cold it had been, the number of kilometers done each day, the
elevation gains) when we noticed two people quite a ways down the
trail coming up towards the lake. We hadn't seen any other people so
far on the trip, so this was a bit of a disappointment. We mumbled
something about hoping that our solitude would not be too disturbed
and that maybe they would just keep on going. Our campsite was about
half way between the lake and the trail, about 50 meters from each.
There was a chance that we wouldn't be noticed.

As they approached it became apparent that one was a man and the other
a woman. She was wearing blue shorts and some sort of tan colored,
loose, sleveless shirt. They got closer. She had medium length blonde
hair done up in a ponytail. Whoops, she wasn't wearing a loose shirt;
she did have very large, pendulous breasts.

L___ made a comment about clean minds or clean bodies and about
wishing he had at least a clean body, and they noticed us. The guy
said something to the woman; she said something back; he seemed
insistent; they walked over to our campsite. By this time she had her
arms crossed in front of her.

The man introduced himself as Jim and his friend as Cynthia. [They
were both in their early thirties; he was about 5' 10" with about a
fifteen pound beer belly; she was about 5' 5" and while some may have
considered her overweight; I thought she looked nice.] We introduced
ourselves. Cynthia wasn't say anything and she was still keeping her
breasts covered. Jim told us that they have decided to stay at the
lake for the night and were going to use the other end of the clearing
(about 15 meters away). We didn't complain. In fact, my two friends
were doing a very bad job of acting nonchalant. Mostly I was curious;
I hadn't yet seen anything extraordinary: I had been married for a
couple of years, and my wife and I had often been to clothing optional
beaches. Neither of my friends was involved in a relationship at that
time.

The two turned and walked over to their end of the clearing. Cynthia
said something close to "What about those guys, they'll see
everything." Jim said "I sure hope so. You do realize that you
shouldn't have questioned me earlier or now." When they had turned
away, L___'s jaw had dropped to the ground. The remarks seemed to
effect his eyes: they were trying to come out of sockets. I thought
this whole thing was really funny. Both of my friends were trying to
adjust their pants without anybody noticing. This was even funnier.

Jim and Cynthia took off their packs, and began to set up their camp.
After fumbling around for a few minutes, they stopped, and Jim led
Cynthia over to a couple of trees about 2.5 meters apart about half
way between their end of the clearing and ours. He had some cord and
some leather in his hands. He put a strap on each of her wrists and
tied cords around the trees, above head level, and back to loops on
the straps on her wrists. It was clear to me that they had played
these kinds of games before. Her arms were now spread wide, but there
was a small amount of slack in the cords. Her hands were above
shoulder level resting against the tug of the cords.

Jim told Cynthia that he was going for a swim in the lake because he
was feeling hot and sticky. She started to complain and he put one
finger in front of her lips to silence her. He ran his hand slowly
down her neck to her left breast. He squeezed it and gave the nipple a
pinch. Cynthia moaned a bit and her left nipple got hard and extended
at least 2 cm. (I didn't actually take any accurate measurements, but
it was impressive.) I wondered what it would be like to roll that
nipple around between my tongue and teeth, and then it was my turn to
adjust my pants. Then it was my friends' turn to laugh.

Jim then blindfolded Cynthia and walked down to the lake. I asked
Cynthia if she were alright and if she wanted to be released. She said
"no" and assured us that everything was under control, so far.

After about ten minutes, Jim came back and was puttering about in
their campsite. He was basically ignoring Cynthia, and she finally
asked him what he was doing. Jim got some ear plugs out of his pack
and put them into Cynthia's ears without saying anything to her.
(Later she told us that it she felt cut off from the world and that
being cut off from sight and sound made her especially sensitive to
being touched. It also made it hard for her to gauge the passage of
time.) Jim finished setting up their camp. He prepared lunch and ate
half of it. This all took quite some time as Jim was extremely
methodical about everything. Shortly after 2:00 he finally came back
to stand directly in front of Cynthia.

Jim picked up her right breast in both hands and lifted the nipple up
towards Cynthia's mouth. She was startled at the first touch, but then
bent her head down and reached for her own breast with her mouth. She
ran her tongue around the nipple and nibbled on it with her teeth.
When she started moaning and squirming against the cords, Jim stopped
supporting her breast, and it slid out of her mouth and slapped onto
her chest; she couldn't support it by suction alone. He then started
to feed her the other half of the lunch. The first part seem to go
just fine, but then Jim started speeding up and Cynthia was slowing
down. Small bits of food dribbled out of her mouth, down her face and
onto her chest. By the end of the lunch, very little was getting
swallowed, and she was pretty messy. Jim did a passable job of
cleaning her up using his tongue.

Jim then removed the blindfold and the earplugs. He walked around
behind her and told her to watch us and to concentrate on our
reactions. He reached around in front of her and slowly unzipped her
shorts. He pulled them down to her ankles and she stepped out of them.
In his methodical way, Jim folded her shorts, walked back to their
campsite and put them into her backpack. He came back, took care of
one hiking boot, and then the sock. Then he did the other foot. He
walked back and forth between Cynthia and their campsite with each
article of clothing. He finally did the same thing for her panties and
she was naked. (She was not a natural blonde). It was quite clear that
Cynthia was getting aroused, but she also seemed (to me at least) very
nervous.

(I got really turned on during the course of the slow motion
striptease. I hadn't expected somebody's vulnerability to be such a
turn on; it certainly wasn't the mere fact that she was naked; I had
seen many naked people and Cynthia was not that different from some of
my friends. After reflecting on it afterwards, I came to the
conclusion that it all had to do with context. Sex was the point of
the display and it struck home.)

Jim came back and had Cynthia spread her legs. He put straps around
her ankles and tied them with more cord to the same trees so that her
feet were over a meter apart. He ran his hand over her back and
squeezed her buns. Cynthia moaned again; that seemed to be the signal
for Jim who took a water carrier down to the lake and filled it up. He
returned and proceeded to give Cynthia a very careful sponge bath. He
washed ALL of her. (The impression I got was that he was preparing a
pet for a show, and I found that disquieting.) He paid special
attention to her genitals. She kept starting to wiggle and he kept
cautioning her to stand still. By 3:00 he finally started drying her
off. Once again he paid special attention to her genitals and when she
seemed on the edge of orgasm, he came over to talk with us. Cynthia
begged for a minute or so for him to continue, but Jim ignored her.

At this point we learned a bit about their personal history. They had
been playing bondage games for five years. Before that day, nobody
else has known about it and neither of them had been naked in public
before. Cynthia had been a "bad" girl the past two days and Jim had
been telling her that a special punishment was going to happen. He
hadn't known what it was going to be until he saw us. He then told us
that later that evening, we would each get one request to make of
Cynthia, and that she would comply if Jim agreed to it. Cynthia gasped
at that remark.

After about a half hour, Jim went back to Cynthia and started
stroking, rubbing, kissing, nibbling, and squeezing her. She must have
come 20 times before he finally got down on his knees and starting
eating her.  Cynthia continued to orgasm; she was a definite screamer.
When he finally stopped, he had the most amazing expression on his face.
Cynthia was quivering and very tired. She kept saying "Thank you, thank you,
thank you."

Jim untied her arms and gently laid her back on the ground. He then
tied her arms over her head to another tree and fucked her. Cynthia
continued to respond, but the level was decreasing. When he had
satisfied himself, he had her clean his cock with her tongue. He did
all of this without saying anything to her. (This still strikes me as
the oddest part of their relationship. He rarely said anything to
her.) By 4:30 he was done and he got a book from his campsite and
brought it to ours and started to read and talk. He said that we
should let Cynthia rest for some time. She did look exhausted, and I
am confident that she fell asleep.

After about an hour, Cynthia began to stir. Jim untied her and brought
her some slippers, put a collar on her neck, attached a leash, and
announced they were going around the lake. The mental image they
presented was both exciting and disturbing. It seemed even more as if
he were taking a special pet for a walk.

When they got back Jim told us that there were not any other groups at
the lake; he seemed disappointed. Cynthia seemed to be much more
relaxed and to be having fun. It was almost as if she had faced her
fears and conquered them.  Jim said that it was our turn and unhooked
the leash from her collar. She walked over to within a meter of L___,
spread her legs, and put her hands on her hips. I suspect that they
had worked this out while on their walk.

She made quite a picture standing there with leather slippers and
ankle and wrist cuffs. Her tan lines were quite pronounced; the area
normally covered by a one piece bathing suit was quite pale. All three
of us were looking her up and down. Each time any of us made eye
contact, she would shiver. Jim cleared his throat and asked who would
be first.

L___ stood up, looked at Cynthia, and asked if this was for real. She
said "Yes." After a few more reassurances from both Cynthia and Jim,
he said he needed a bath and wanted to Cynthia to wash him while he
washed Cynthia. Jim agreed and they walked down to the lake. L___ took
his clothes off and got into the lake with Cynthia. The water came up
to their thighs and they splashed each other and played around. L___
did a fairly cursory job on Cynthia, but he did make sure her breasts
were clean. She washed him carefully from the top down. She seemed to
really be getting into the role of providing personal services. By the
time she got around to washing his cock, he was clearly excited. He
came shortly after that, and Cynthia had to rewash herself. (When I
looked over at Jim to see how he was taking this, he was watching them
through binoculars and masturbating.) They hadn't taken a towel down
with them, so L___ dried them both off with his t-shirt. He got
dressed and led her back holding onto the hook in her collar.

F___ was next and a bit more bashful. He wanted to suck on Cynthia's
tits. Jim quickly agreed to that so Cynthia sat down and F___ put his
head in her lap, face up. He spent the next five minutes sucking and
nibbling on first one breast, then the other. Cynthia cradled his head
and stroked his hair. It was a rather innocent looking scene in a
depraved sort of way.

I had sufficient time to think about what I was going to ask for.
Demanding nothing was probably not the right thing to do, but I knew
my wife would not be happy if I were to be sexually active with
somebody else. So, since it was my turn to do dinner, I said that I
wanted Cynthia to prepare, serve, and clean up after dinner dressed
just as she was. I also wanted Jim out of earshot but had no objection
to him watching. Jim agreed.

The dinner was the best we had during the trip. Jim and Cynthia had
brought some spices that we hadn't. The service was great; food was
delivered to our plates before we could even ask. Cynthia kept shaking
her tits in our faces, bending over in front of us, and teasing the
hell out of us, especially me. At one point I slapped her on the butt
hard enough to make a nice resounding smack. She cooed and turned her
other cheek.  Whenever she wasn't busy fiddling with dinner, F___ had
her sit down near him and he used one hand to eat his dinner while he
fondled her breast with the other.

During the dinner we talked to Cynthia and learned more about what was
going on. She told us that several weeks before she and Jim had been
talking about exhibitionism and she had told him that she was too
nervous to participate but that it made a nice fantasy for her. During
the drive to the pack trip, she had been told by Jim that she had to
ride naked in the car while they passed through one small town. One by
one, Jim named an article of clothing and she would remove it and
throw it into the back seat. When she was down to her underwear, Jim
told her to take off her bra, but she removed her panties instead.
She was afraid to expose her tits since they had been passing so many
trucks and she was already getting looks from the truckers staring
down. Jim told her once more to remove her bra, but she refused. Jim
had her put her clothes back on and told her that she would be
punished later. That made her happy, but she had not been thinking of
public displays.

When they got to the parking area, he informed her that she was going
to have to hike topless while she was in the park. He had her change
into a simple halter in the car and put all her other bras, blouses,
etc., into the trunk of their car. Since it was a weekend, there were
a fair number of day hikers in the parking area, and she had felt very
self-conscious changing with so many about. When they got to the trail
head, Jim took the halter from her and put it into his pack.  This had
made her nervous as they didn't know when or where they would meet up
with somebody else or who they would be. She was covering up at almost
every noise. Jim had to keep reminding her that she was not allowed to
do that.

She was also in a state of continual sexual excitement. The
illicitness was turn on to her. The first day they had not met
anybody, and she had started to relax: it was starting to feel natural
to not be "bound up." When they met us on the second day, she reverted
immediately back to her original feelings and covered up. This had
made Jim angry, and things had gone further than she thought they
might, but we seemed like such nice guys and she was having fun. We
were their first audience, but now she had lost her sense of
nervousness and wanted to see just how far Jim and she would go.

After she finished making the pudding for dessert, she surprised us a
bit. She dipped each breast into the pan and smeared pudding all over
it.  Yummy, chocolate covered tits. I got the leavings in the pan and
L___ and F___ spent some fun time licking her breasts clean. Cynthia
was fingering her pussy and really seemed to enjoy the experience of
having the two of them lick and suck on her breasts at the same time.

Cynthia heated some last bit of water and washed all the dishes, (and
her breasts). Jim showed up just as she finished putting everything
away. Jim made dinner for the two of them while Cynthia went off into
the bushes. She took her time, and everything was set up for her by
the time she got back. They had dinner and Jim cleaned up. (I never
did see Cynthia do any of the normal chores associated with camping
other than the dinner she prepared for us.)

By this time it was getting fairly dark. We retired to our sleeping
bags and Jim and Cynthia got into a double bag that Jim had set up.
They almost immediately started playing some quite noisy sex games. I
couldn't stand it any longer and went off into the woods and
masturbated.  The relief was considerable, but I had to do it again
about 2 hours later. I did not get much sleep that night.  L___ also
had trouble sleeping, but F___ snored through the night.

We had planned to get up fairly early since we wanted to get to a
specific campsite fairly close to the pass we would be going out the
next day: we had to do about twenty kilometers. However, Jim and
Cynthia got up before we did. At about first light, they got out of
their bags; she was still wearing only her collar and cuffs. After she
took a piss, in the open this time, Jim tied her up to the original
two trees, standing and spread eagled. He blindfolded her and put a
gag in her mouth, and put the ear plugs back in. It was cool enough
that Cynthia was soon covered with goose bumps. Both nipples were
fully extended.

He asked us where we were going that day, and making other small talk.
All during this he was tickling Cynthia, slapping, pinching and
rubbing her. He even splashed cold water on her a few times. It all
seemed quite random, and Cynthia seemed to come to orgasm almost
immediately and then just stayed at a plateau. With only a little
encouragement L___ joined in. When it became obvious to Cynthia that
more than one person was touching her, her orgasm seemed to take
another step up in intensity. It was quite an impressive show.

We were all finally up, and starting to prepare our breakfast and pack
for the day's trip. Jim removed Cynthia's blind fold and the ear
plugs. He then got a vibrator from her pack. He inserted it into her
pussy and turned it on. He told her that she had to hold it in place
until after we left. When we were ready to go, we said we wanted to
say good-bye to Cynthia. Jim removed the gag and we we wished them
both the best, F___ kissed Cynthia. L___ gave Cynthia a parting hug,
squeezed her breast, and patted her on the ass, and the vibrator fell
to the ground. Jim said that she shouldn't have let that happen. L___
felt badly about that and tried to say that it was his fault, but Jim
was clearly not going to buy that story. We left them to their own
devices.

We had been gone only fifteen minutes or so when we heard Cynthia
running up the trail calling for us to wait. When she caught up, she
was only wearing her hiking boots, some socks, and her collar. It was
fun watching her breasts bounce around while she running towards us.
We asked what was going on, and she smiled and told us that Jim had
ordered her to accompany us until lunch time and then come back. He
was very tired and they were going to stay at the lake until the next
morning when they would leave the park. The special treat was that Jim
had given an explicit command that she had to obey any orders we
unanimously agreed upon. The thought seemed to excite her.

We explained that in about two kilometers or so we would be back on
the John Muir trail. (For those that don't know, it is one of the main
backpacking trails in the Sierras. It is hardly ever empty.) We would
probably be meeting other parties on the trail. She smiled again, and
said that she was supposed to give a full report to Jim when she
returned.

She had been sent to accompany us as her "punishment" for letting the
dildo drop. She had decided that she loved wandering around naked, but
she had kept this from Jim. He still thought that she was mortified to
be exposed in this way. She said that it was not something that she
could do on her own, but once given an order to do it, she was freed
from a sense of responsibility for her actions. She could just wallow
in the sensations.

We got to the John Muir trail and turned north. We stopped about an
hour later and shared our water and some snacks with Cynthia. I asked
her what she was going to do about food and water on her way back. She
said that it would not be too much of a problem since it wouldn't be
very far to go back and she was certainly travelling light.

We started north again, and shortly we met a party of four coming
south. Cynthia waved and smiled at them and said hello when they got
close enough.  Three of them would not even look at Cynthia. The
fourth stared straight at her and then grabbed his crotch just as they
passed us. He must have come in his pants. Cynthia squealed in
delight, and she started masturbating while she was walking along.
Shortly, she came and the three of us could easily hear her muffled
screams. She was also having trouble maintaining her balance.

We passed party of two coming south just before lunch. They both
whistled at Cynthia and she vamped it up for them. We stopped for a
few minutes to talk and exchange rude comments and pleasantries. They
never did ask why she was hiking along naked and without a pack. I
would have thought they would have had a little more curiousity. Of
course, they showed more interest than the first group. Maybe they
were looking for Allen Funt.

At lunch we stopped in a convenient meadow near a brook. We shared a
nice lunch and sat around and talked. Cynthia said that she was
beginning to feel powerful and that she had the sense she was
controlling the those we passed. She was learning new methods of
manipulating (male?) people. This was not something she had expected,
and was trying to think about what this meant to her.

By the end of lunch, F___ had his head in Cynthia's lap and was
sucking on one of her tits while fondling the other. She had one of
her hands on his crotch and was rubbing his cock through his jeans.
Both of them seem quite happy. L___ and I went and replenished our
water supply and started packing up so that we would could leave.  By
the time we returned, Cynthia had unzipped F___, and had his cock in
her hand.  F___ still had his lips fastened tightly to Cynthia's tit.
L__ and I tried to give subtle hints that it was time go.

Another group came through then; there were three couples. F___ didn't
notice a thing until they got close and one of the women asked what
the fuck was going on? That was enough to put F___ over the edge, and
he came immediately which seemed to amuse Cynthia no end.  She stood
up as F___ rolled over. The others obviously noticed then that she was
naked and not just topless. There was general murmuring, and then one
of them asked if everybody was OK. Cynthia told them that she had
never been better, and she had a wicked smile while she licked her
hand clean. (She really did seem happy to me; she was truly enjoying
reveling in the physical and emotional experiences she was
choreographing.)

They seemed amused and then asked if they could take some pictures as
their friends would never believe this. I opted out, but F___ and L___
were happy to pose. F___ even recreated the scene that was going on
when they got there. They took quite a few pictures, including some
with Cynthia posing with all of them, with just the guys, with just
the women, with each of them individually. One of the guys wanted to
pose with Cynthia's breasts in his hands;, he was stopped by one of
the women, and they all left.

L___ told Cynthia that he wanted one last favor: would she go down on
him, right there in the middle of the John Muir trail. She looked to
the other two of us with what could only interpret as lust, and F___
and I made it a unanimous decision. She dropped to her knees, unzipped
L___, fished his cock out of his pants and started licking and sucking
on it and masturbating herself. F___ left to get get cleaned up at the
brook. In only a few moments L___ was coming, and Cynthia was doing
all she could to keep from losing any of the ejaculate. She licked
L___ clean while she continued to masturbate until she also came. She
told us that being the focus of that much attention from so many
people for so long was more erotic to her than anything else she had
ever done.

She also told us that she hoped that Jim would not realize any time
soon that exhibitionism was no longer a punishment. She hoped that he
would be mandating extended sessions of nudity in public places. It
was exciting for her to think about being discovered and even more
exciting to be discovered. She wondered if Guiness had a category for
"longest duration of continual nudity in a publicly accessible,
non-naturist, location by a person who had never even been skinny
dipping before."  I then reminded her that she had to do what we told
her. I asked her what Jim would do if she came back with an order from
us to not get dressed until they were back at the trailhead at the
park's boundary.  She thought this was a wonderful idea. I then
ordered her to remain naked until they were back in their car and on
the main highway. This was to hold while they repacked their car even
if others were in parking area when they got there. L___ and F___
immediately agreed, and so the order was unanimous. She was a little
shocked at first, but then she broke into a huge grin.

Cynthia said good-bye, gave each of us a hug, and walked south down
the trail. All three of us watched her until she was out of sight. I
can still remember how each cheek would give a slight wiggle at the
end of each step. We still had fourteen kilometers to go before our
camp for that night since we hadn't made very good time before lunch.
I did learn one thing on the way: walking that far with an erection
will lead to having a sore, chafed penis.

I didn't sleep too well that last night either. Fortunately it was our
last night in the back country, and we were at the car by 11:00 a.m
the next day. We hoped we would see Jim and Cynthia on the highway,
but it didn't happen. It had been unlikely anyway as they were leaving from a
different pass.

It was the most memorable packing trip I have ever been on.
-- 
