                         ENEMA PRACTICE
                         Submitted by Lexi

                       
    Peter awoke groggily from his afternoon nap and looked 
slowly around the hospital room.  He had been there for several 
days now, while some routine tests were being performed.  The 
inactivity and lack of diversion would have been onerous for 
most people to bear, but to a young man of Peter's inclination, 
the hiatus was welcome, offering unlimited opportunity to 
indulge his private pleasures.  Lying there in bed, he slid his 
hands down beneath the sheets until he found his cock snuggled 
between his legs and, sighing deeply, began to stroke it in a 
familiar caress.  Thus he passed the days, alternating sessions 
of prolonged, languid masturbation with pleasant, restful naps.  

    He was being especially careful today to hide his actions 
under the covers, after the embarrassing incident yesterday.  He 
had been lying with the sheets down to his ankles and his 
hospital gown up above his waist,  stroking his naked penis with 
complete abandon.  As he crossed the point of no return and felt 
the flood of climax approach, the door flew open and a nurse 
walked in, just in time to witness his eruption.  Although she 
seemed to ignore his actions completely, he was mortified with 
embarrassment.  Afterwards, he could tell that the word of the 
incident was circulating among the nursing staff, by the half-
hidden smiles of the nurses attending him.  

    He was grateful for his precautions today, when again the 
door flew open.  In walked the chief floor nurse, Mrs. Collins, 
followed by two pretty student nurses.  Peter instantly ceased 
his hidden manipulations, but blushed as he realized that the 
location of his hands was clearly visible beneath the covers.  

    Nurse Collins said, "Hello Peter.  I'm showing Alice and 
Patty some basic patient care procedures today, and we need a 
demonstration subject." She glanced at the bulge of his hands 
under the covers.  "You weren't busy, were you?" Her meaning was 
unmistakable.  

    "N...No, Mam," he stammered.  

    "Good.  Bring in the equipment, girls." He watched as Alice 
wheeled a small cart into the room.  On it were a coiled rubber 
hose, an assortment of straight plastic tubes, and a rubber bag 
about the size of a hot water bottle.  He did not recognize the 
function of the articles at first.  

    "Wh...what are you going to do?" 

    Nurse Collins smiled.  "Don't be nervous, Peter.  I'm merely 
going to demonstrate to Alice and Patty how to administer an 
enema." 

    "What?  No!  I don't want one, I don't need one!"

    "That is beside the point, Peter.  This is a teaching 
hospital, and our patients must cooperate in the training of our 
staff.  Don't be embarrassed, we are all nurses, and we are 
accustomed to seeing a man naked.  Now stop making such a fuss 
and roll over on your stomach." She grasped the covers and 
quickly jerked them down, leaving Peter exposed to view.  His 
gown, still raised from his earlier activities, revealed his 
partly erect penis glistening with the dew of its arousal.  The 
two student nurses giggled at the sight, and he quickly rolled 
over to hide the incriminating evidence.  

    "That's better.  Prepare him, girls." He suffered with 
embarrassed patience as he felt the hospital gown raised above 
his waist.  Alice placed her hands on either side of his hips 
and lifted them, as Patty urged his knees forward underneath 
him.  He lay there kneeling doubled up, his head on the pillow 
hiding his face, and his buttocks thrust indecently in the air.  
The cool air he felt on his naked backside contrasted with the 
hot blush of shame on his cheeks.  

    Nurse Collins said, "Now girls, I've chosen Peter for the 
demonstration because, as we have learned, he has a strong 
masturbation habit, and I want to show you the special treatment 
that this requires.  You'll notice how he keeps his thighs 
pressed tightly together?  The habitual masturbator is usually 
reluctant to expose his male organs.  But we must have his 
thighs separated for proper insertion, so spread him, Patty." 
The student nurse took his thighs in her hands and gently but 
firmly pried them apart.  Peter now felt utterly naked, with not 
only his backside, but his very maleness fully displayed in a 
most undignified posture.  

    Nurse Collins began instructing, "Now we must choose the 
proper enema nozzle.  For a healthy young man like Peter, I 
recommend this large, long model to provide the maximum degree 
of penetration." Alice connected the nozzle to the bag, and 
Patty completed preparations by lubricating the length with KY 
Jelly.  

    "Very good, girls.  Peter, we're ready to give you your 
enema, now.  You may feel some discomfort at first, as the 
instrument is inserted.  Try not to fight it.  Try to relax and 
accept the instrument within you.  It will be easier for you if 
you do.  Nurses, you may proceed." 

    Patty placed her thumbs alongside the cleavage of his 
buttocks, and gently spread them apart.  Alice guided the tip of 
the nozzle to his anus and pressed it against the opening.  At 
first Peter could not help resisting, his rear gate straining to 
hold out the invader.  But Alice inexorably increased the 
pressure of the assault, and at last broke through.  Peter 
gasped as several inches of the hard plastic probe slid up his 
bowels.  

    "There, there, Peter.  You're doing fine,"  Nurse Collins 
said.  "Start the water now, girls, at medium flow." Patty 
twisted open a small valve, and Peter felt an indescribable 
sensation.  The water flooded into his body, moving within his 
bowels, stretching him painfully at first.  The water was very 
warm, and as the invasion entered him he began to feel a second 
sensation: a fullness, a completeness he had never known.  The 
water filled and swelled his very core, and he let out a long, 
loud, involuntary moan.  

   "Uhhnnn..." 

    Nurse Collins patted his head tenderly, and said, "That's 
it, Peter, yield to it.  Accept it deep within you.  There's 
nothing you can do to stop the water now, so don't try to 
resist.  Just let it flow into you.  Can you feel the water, 
Peter?" 

    "Uhhmmm...yes" he groaned.  He began emitting a constant 
stream of moans as the water swelled within him.  Patty and 
Alice were listening to him and giggling to each other.  Patty 
said, "Ooh, he sounds just like a woman when she's getting 'you-
know-what'." 

    Nurse Collins agreed, "Yes, that's quite right.  Receiving 
an enema is the closest a man can come to the sensation which a 
woman experiences during sexual intercourse.  It is not unusual 
for a man to grow to enjoy the treatment." 

    Alice leaned forward and brushed his cheek.  "Do you like 
it, Peter?" He could only moan softly in response.  

    "I'll say he does!" Patty cried.  "Look -- he's all stiff!" 
She pointed at the rigid erection springing between his thighs.  
"Is that OK, Nurse Collins, for him to get stiff like that?" 

    The older woman smiled, "Oh yes, it is quite common for a 
young man to develop an erection when he receives an enema from 
a nurse.  You will see it often, so you must learn how to deal 
with it." 

    Alice volunteered, "Should I slap his testicles?  That 
should make him lose his erection." 

    "Well, that is certainly one way to deal with it," Nurse 
Collins said.  

    Peter cried out, "Please, I didn't mean to get stiff.  I'm 
sorry, I couldn't help it.  Please don't..." 

    Nurse Collins soothed, "There, there, of course  you 
couldn't.  Don't worry, Peter, no one`s going to hurt you.  No, 
Alice, in this case Peter's erection is an innocent by-product 
of our procedure.  Even a normal young man without Peter's habit 
will become erect during an enema.  And actually, we can use it 
to therapeutic advantage." 

    She took the tube of KY Jelly and spread it generously on 
her right hand.  Then sitting on the bed beside him, she reached 
between his legs and grasped his penis with her lubricated hand.  
Peter jumped at the unexpected contact.  "Just relax, Peter, I'm 
merely going to hold your member for the remainder of the enema.  
Does it feel nice in my hand?" 

    "...y...yes" he said in confusion.

    "Good.  Now Peter, it is beneficial during the enema if the 
patient moves his hips slowly up and down.  It helps to 
distribute the water within the bowels and promote thorough 
irrigation.  I'll just hold your penis while you execute these 
movements, to be sure that it doesn't rub against the bed 
clothes and become chafed.  Begin moving now, up and down, up 
and down, that's it." 

    Peter obeyed her instructions, and found to his surprise 
that her hand on his penis did not follow his movements, but 
remained stationary on the bed beneath him.  With each thrust of 
his hips, his stiff member slid in and out of her slippery 
fingers.  She maintained a delicious grip, neither too tight or 
too loose, and Peter soon forgot the original therapeutic 
purpose of his movements as the sweet sensations overwhelmed 
him.  It was obvious to all that Peter was experiencing mounting 
sexual arousal.  Patty said, "Nurse Collins, look what he's 
doing in your hand!  Is that all right, if he does that?" 

    She explained,  "Yes, Patty, I expected Peter to become 
sexually aroused.  I think that this is the best way to deal 
with the erection problems of masturbators during enemas.  As 
you can see, it encourages him to move his hips very 
effectively.  Peter, can you hear me?" 

    He mumbled something through the haze of his ecstasy.  

    "We're going to introduce the remainder of the water now.  
You may feel some strong sensations when this occurs.  There 
will be a strong pressure on your prostate gland, and you may 
not be able to hold your semen any longer.  If you have to, just 
let it go in my hand.  It will be all right." 

    Alice turned the valve fully open, and suddenly Peter felt 
the pressure within his bowels double, and the pressure in his 
genitals threatened to explode.  He began thrusting faster and 
faster in Nurse Collins' hand, and cried out, "Oh, Nurse! Oh 
Nurse!  I can't help it...  I'm... I'm going to..." 

    "Yes, Peter, let it out now, squirt in my hand, that's 
right." 

    Peter flooded her hand with his semen, still thrusting, 
until he felt her fingers slippery with his own spending.  As 
the pressure of his ejaculation eased, the sense of the other 
pressure built until he cried out in agony, "Please, no more, no 
more water!" 

    "Remove the nozzle, now, girls.  Peter will need to have his 
movement." All at once he was free of the enema tube.  He sprang 
from the bed and ran to the toilet, not taking time even to 
close the door.  The women laughed as they watched him evacuate 
noisily.  
