Entertainment
by deirdre

It was the day before our wedding and I was at Jeff's, my fiance's 
house to collect some of my things.  Jeff and I were both lawyers at 
the same firm.  It had been a year since I joined the firm; Jeff and I 
had hit it off immediately.  We weren't going to have a large 
wedding, but we had a honeymoon planned in Aruba.

But this afternoon, Jeff was off with Roger.  Roger was Jeff's best 
friend from high-school and our best man.  He had just come into 
town, and was staying in Jeff's apartment.

I had just started packing when the doorbell rang.  I answered it and 
there in the doorway was this blonde.  She asked for Roger.  She was 
about 5'4", had an incredible figure, long wavy hair, and was dressed 
in a business suit (with skirt) that didn't hide the size of her chest 
at all, and wore high heels.  She carried a tote bag under her arm.  I 
stared.  Then I asked her what she wanted with Roger.  She said she 
was Tamara and that Roger had hired her as the entertainment for a 
party and she was checking the place out.

Well, as what she said sank in, I must have gone into a state of 
shock.  The woman must have noticed because she quickly explained 
that she was a stripper, as if that made everything alright.  
Presumably seeing I was still agitated, she said it was all good 
clean fun, she only stripped to a g-string, that she did strip-o-grams 
for lots of people, and that wives even hired her for their husbands' 
birthdays.  She said she never messed with her customers.

I guess I didn't look convinced because she seemed to feel the need 
to convince me everything was on the up-and-up.  Finally I found my 
voice and argued with her.  Somehow we ended up deciding that she 
would show me her act.

She told me she danced to music and she pulled a small boombox out 
of her bag.  Then she slipped in a tape and started dancing.  It was 
music with a beat and she really moved--in fact just the way she 
could move her body surprised me.  She danced right up to me and 
danced away again.  Then she stopped her dance and started telling 
me what she did.

I insisted that I just wanted to see exactly what she did--that she 
should treat me exactly like she was going to treat Jeff.  She told 
me that she made sure her audience was sitting down and handcuffed 
to the chair.  I thought this was weird, but she explained that it kept 
the guys away from temptation while actually adding to the 
experience for them.  She showed me the handcuffs and looked at me 
questioningly.

Well, I had decided to see what sort of show she had planned for Jeff 
and I decided to follow through with it.  She placed a chair right in 
the middle of the living room and handcuffed me to the back.  Then 
she started the music again and started her dance.

She really was an amazing dancer, just the smooth way she moved.  
In a few seconds, she started taking off her jacket.  Without the 
jacket, she was able to "thrust" her chest more.  Then she started 
slipping off her other items of clothing, one by one.  She was so 
smooth.  I imagined what Jeff would think.  Soon she was down to 
bra and panties.  She undid the bra.  Her breasts were like nothing I'd 
ever seen.  I guess I expected breasts that were obviously enlarged, 
but these looked very natural yet they were large and firm.  Then she 
slipped off her panties and revealed a g-string.

She danced some more, displaying her body, back and front, and she 
danced right up to me again.  She waved her breasts right in front of 
my face.  She had this sly, seductive smile.  Then she sat on my lap.  
Her face was close to mine and was above mine.  I guess if she had 
been on Jim's lap, she would have been looking into his eyes.

Soon she was done.  I knew what a striptease was and could tell you 
what a stripper does, but seeing it was another thing!  I gathered 
that this girl was very good at it.  I also knew that Jeff would love 
it.  But what came to my mind was whether *I* could do such a 
dance for Jeff.

"I wish I could dance like that," I said after she had dressed, as she 
was leaving.  That seemed to pique her interest.

"Oh, I could certainly give you some pointers," she answered.

"Not soon enough for our honeymoon."

She thought.  "How about tonight?"

"You have the party tonight."

"Oh, after the party, about 10PM.  I never stay late--things get too 
rowdy late."  I guess I looked like this was a definite possibility 
because she went on: "Give me your address and I'll stop by your 
place on the way home."

I ended up giving her my address, and was thoughtful for quite a bit 
of the evening.  I felt like I was being modern and tolerant for 
letting Jeff have his fun.  And I was going to do something a little 
wild for our relationship.  I stayed home that evening, and really 
couldn't get anything else on my mind despite the wedding.

Tamara showed up just before 10PM.  She was dressed the same and 
still had her tote bag.  We talked briefly and she asked if I would 
show her how I dance.  I told her I really couldn't do anything like 
what she did.  She said I'd need loosen up and asked if I had anything 
alcoholic around.  I had some wine open in the fridge.

We went and got it and she handed it to me to swig from the bottle.  
Just the act of taking a swig from the bottle was so foreign to me.  
But I felt like I was going to have to let loose to get anything out of 
this.  Then she took a swig and handed it back to me to take another.  
I hesitated only briefly.

Back in the living room, she asked if there were any particular move 
I wanted to learn.  I said I couldn't remember.  She said she'd do the 
dance again so I could watch and get ideas.  She pulled out the 
boombox, popped in a tape and started dancing again.  Once again, I 
was taken aback by how good she was, how sexy and how *right* her 
movements were.  I thought about her dancing for Jeff, and it 
suddenly it was bothering me.  But how was it bothering me?

Something made me say it ...I don't know what: "Can you handcuff me 
again?"  I saw her eyes light up with interest and she gave me a 
little smile.  She turned off the music, went to her tote bag, got out 
the handcuffs and came back and cuffed me to my chair.  Then she 
got another tape out of her tote bag, and found my stereo and put it 
on.

This music was different ...slow and languid.  And she started 
dancing, but not with her loud, sexy movements that she had done 
before, but with slow, sensual motions.  I watched her, transfixed.  
She proceeded to undress, so slowly.  She looked at me not with a sly 
smile, but with a burning look.  Then she was close, right in front of 
me.   She was in just her g-string.  Her hands were massaging her 
body and breasts--caressing actually.  She sat on my lap.  Her face 
was right in front of mine.  I stretched up and touched my lips to 
hers.

That was a couple of months ago.  I broke off our wedding plans and 
stay with Tamara now.  Tamara decided to go on the road, and plans 
to eventually settle down and set up business in some other city.  
She got a partner, Tracy, and they have an act.  Tracy is a brunette 
who is a bit taller than Tamara, and is also a heavenly dancer.  We 
all stay together in the hotel rooms.  I watch them practice and I run 
their errands.  They're teaching me to dance but say it will be a 
while before I'm ever ready to perform.  They sleep together.  They 
like me to eat them and they love to use a belt on my ass.  Once when 
we had just stopped in town and were checking out the club they 
were signed up to play, Tamara came out of the club to where Tracy 
and I waited in the car.  She told us the guy was balking and asked 
me to come in and help her negotiate the deal.  I followed her into 
the building and down a dark hall.  I was feeling good because I knew 
that I would be of some real use to Tamara.  And she'd see me in a 
more competent light.  I wasn't dressed for the part, in cutoffs and a 
top that didn't quite cover my midriff, but I'd give this guy a shock 
when he found out Tamara had a lawyer on hand to call his bluff.  
Finally we reached a dirty little office.  The owner looked a little 
seedy and I could easily imagine him trying to take advantage of the 
girls he hired.  He was looking straight into my eyes.  I schooled my 
expression to be both serious and confident.  He looked over to 
Tamera and said calmly, "Deal."  I was confused.  Tamera said: "Suck 
him off."  I froze as her words sank in, but only for a few seconds.  I 
always do what Tamera says.
