Section 12/Naturist Lifestyles       
    02-Feb-91  19:42:24                              Thread Seeder
Sb: Can I Stop an Erection?
Fm: :: Lee B. :: 
To: All

     Here I am.  Managed to get to pool-side without (apparently) either
attracting attention or giving anyone particular notice.  I take a lounge
chair, lean back, and pretend like everything's cool.

     But, Oh!  Wouldn't you know!  Walking away from me is an attractive fair
gender person.  Without any (likely) encouragement from me, I'm building an
erection.  Whoa boy!  It's my first time here and I don't want to be thrown
out.  I panic.  It isn't 'going away.'  In fact, it seems to be growing.

     I launch my thoughts to the ol' standbys:  coffins, death, alimony,
vomit....nothing seems to tame the savage beast.  I streak for the pool and
dive in.  As I come to the surface, I realize I have managed to do just the
opposite on my first day out--all eyes are on me.

     Erections in the Naturist Lifestyle setting can be an concern for both
the new-comer and the seasoned.  We may be anxious and apprehensive or just
plain worry about having an erection and what to do about it.

What do you do when you have an erection at your favorite NL retreat?

How often do you find yourself aroused? and, are the arousals really *all*
     related to being sexually stimulated?

What have you found others' reactions to be who obviously see your erection?

For the women:  What are your feelings about seeing erect men in the Naturist
     environment?

RESPONSES AND DISCUSSION

Fm: Frank T.
  I think erections are much more embarrassing for the people HAVING them than
for the people SEEING them.  Common courtesy says, if you see one, ignore it.
My solution to having one, is to cover it up til it goes away.. with a towel,
or just by rolling over.  It doesn't take long for everything to get back to
normal.

Frank,

Thanks for your note.  I agree wholeheartedly with what you say.  In my case,
I would have given a sizeable amount of money for a towel (which I neglected
to bring out to the pool with me).

Can we explore your message further?  Some men claim that their erections are
not always brought on by an apparent stimulus.  In other words, it doesn't
always come on from a sexual arousal.

Do you think this is true?  Can you give a supporting experience or piece of
evidence?

If you think the majority are from visual stimulations (leading to mental
fantasy, images, etc.), then what about the nudist's claim that the naked body
is not sexually stimulating--that it is the seductively clothed body which
turns people on.

Lee

Fm: Frank T.
Lee,
  No, erections aren't always the result of sexual arousal.  They often happen
because of physical stimulation.. things like swimming.
  I have not found erections to be a problem when I'm in a nudist environment,
though.  Maybe I've somehow "trained" myself not to have them at an
inappropriate time.  But the nude body can be just as stimulating as the
clothed body.  It all depends on the body!

Fm: Basil 
Lee, That's an interesting question about erections possibly not always being
specifically sexually stimulating. After a moment of pondering, I can remember
some instances in my own experience. Such as finding I was quite unaware of a
partial erection as I walked out of the water at a nudist beach after some
robust and exhilarating swimming and body surfing - this was a simple
feel-good-all-over erection but certainly not sexual (in the narrow sense of
the word).

And there may be other causes for erections such as medicine. I have
exercise-induced asthma, and take a couple of drugs that are mild cousins to
adrenaline. During or right after heavy and fun exercise where I'm really into
the moment and enjoying my body, such as hiking, I've occasionally been
surprised that I was erect though usually only partially. It may be simply the
exercise and that feel-good-all-over feeling, or it might also be augmented by
the drugs.

And one drug that I can testify to causing erections is male birth control.
I'm a volunteer for experimental studies in testosterone-based male birth
control which requires synthetic testosterone at blood-levels somewhat higher
than most men are used to. This results in something like a second-puberty,
with increased appetite and weight-gain, sometimes acne, and definitely a
higher rate of erections, often quite raging. This may be only temporary
though, with the body eventually getting used to the higher levels of
testosterone. (My studies have been only a few months long, so I don't know
about adjusting over time). However when such male birth control products hit
the market, perhaps within the next few years, we may find many more men with
surprise erections!

-- Basil

Basil,

That is fantastic information.  I *really* appreciate your contribution.  It
is very informative.

I notice my scrotum engorged with blood until it is 'full' or at least
stretched out.  Yet, no erection.

I found when swimming that I get a partial erection.  I found too that it can
lead to a hard erection.  Since I can attest to what I think my state of mind
was at the time (no sexual thoughts), is it possible that the water acted like
a physical stimulus? in my *and* your case?  Not just by being in it, but by
moving in it (sort of like rubbing up against the water's resistance)

Lee


Fm: Orlando 
Hello
      For me anything can stimulate sexual thoughts and cause an erection. It
depends on many things. Usually if I am already thinking sex the sight of a
woman could arouse me. In my usual state I normally wouldn't get an erection
from just looking at a woman clothe or naked.

      The appearances of women is very stimulating to me mentally. I don't
know if my feelings are sexual or just sensual. When I am on the beach and I
see an attractive woman, Yes I will enjoy her beauty but I have no intentions
of having sex with her. I may stare but I try not to stare to long I don't
want to be a nuisance to anyone. I don't want people to be uncomfortable
because of me. I like making friends.

    A woman wearing a swimsuit will draw my attention quicker because her suit
stands out in a crowd. I will probably stare a little longer because I find
myself wondering what she looks like without. A naked woman tends to blend in
with the crowd. If the crowd is nude she is harder to pick out. Anyway I much
rather see a nude attractive female and have my curiosity settled than to be
frustrated with a brightly colored swimsuit. If I am in conversation with a
nude woman my curiosity is settled so the content of our chat is more
important than her looks.


Orlando,
Thanks for your note.  It's a good point you brought out about sensual vs.
sexual.  How do you define the difference?

Do you have a concern over having erections on the beach?  What do you do to
lessen their frequency or stop them?

Lee

Hello
      I guess I would describe sensual as anything that makes my senses feel
good. Like warm breezes, the smell of good food and the sight of an attractive
woman. Sensual can be sexual when the sensual input makes me think of sex.
There's a fine line between sexual and sensual when I look at an attractive
female. Most of the time on the beach I am not thinking about sex so I assume
what I am experiencing is sensual. Now when my girlfriend undresses in front
of me at home I would consider my feelings sexual but that's not always the
case either. It depends on mood and circumstance.

     I never really worry about erections on the beach. I've only experienced
one erection on the beach and that was due to a spicy chapter in a book I was
reading. I just rolled over on my stomach to hide my boner. Erections in
public are not a problem for me though they do happen once in awhile.

Fm: Norman C. 
Lee,
  A time when most men have erections, and have no control over them, is
during REM (Rapid Eye Movement) sleep. But then, not being aware of the
erection, embarrassment is not much of a problem. Next time on the beach, better
sleep on your stomach!
  Norm.


Norm,

       You think that sleep is the only time a man cannot control his
erection?

       How do *you* control on during the day?

       (I tried on my stomach--it only gets harder!)

Lee


Lee,
  No, sleep is not the only time when men can not control the erection reflex.
It is a spinal reflex (the actual neural impulses occur in the spinal cord
[parasympathetic and sympathetic systems]), but there is tremendous input from
higher centers (psychologic overlays).
  For example, it is difficult to have an erection when frightened. Your
stated situation of being basically inactive, and watching those around you,
might be a set up for such erection problems <G>.
  When I have had such beginnings of a problem, I try to think of other things.
Often, but not always this works. The most effective topic I have found, is to
recall moments when I was very embarrassed (in a nonsexual way) such as when I
said something particularly stupid in front of a group. For me, embarrassment
like fear can kill the pending erection. Also to be effective, the erection
must be blocked before it gets much underway.
  Once in place, I am unable to reduce an erection voluntarily, other than by
masturbation, which would not be appropriate in your scenario.
                      Norm

Norm,

       Thanks.  Now that's concrete advice (no pun intended).  Your clinical
and practical approach is useful.  I think that it says a lot for this
subject.

       I'd say yours was a very definitive critique and something that can be
applied.  Thanks again.  I hope you'll be around....

Lee

Fm: Tom 
To: Norman C. 
The only time I ever noticed someone with an erection at the clothing optional
resort I went to for awhile, the person had fallen asleep on his back on the
sun-deck, and must have been having a good dream.  The only concern anyone
expressed was that he might get a sun-burn if he didn't wake up before too
long.

Fm: Michael McC
Is it true that "nudists claim that the naked body is not sexually
stimulating"?  I think it depends on the person.  Some people are very
visually oriented, others are not.  And among those who are visually oriented,
everyone has their favorite "fetishes" to use the word loosely.  For many,
various types of dress or semi-dress, attractively worn, provides the fetish.
For others, like myself, the interest is in what is revealed not what is
hinted at.  I've never been involved in naturism; if so doing removed the
pleasure from my visual interests, it would be an unacceptable loss.

For me, appreciation of the female anatomy -- I will not pretend it is
"aesthetic" but rather sexual-based -- is only that, not a prelude to anything
further (except, of course, with my wife).  I would see nothing wrong with it
as long as it doesn't embarrass others, in a naturist environment.  Let me
stress here that I am NOT a naturist so I don't at all speak for those who
are.

Paix hein (?).  Mike from Toronto.

Michael,

Thanks for your note.

I tried not to emphasize the "...nudists claim that the naked body is not
sexually stimulating" aspect.  It's more the reverse.  The claim is that a
clothed body is sexually stimulating.  Maybe I could take it to this
statement:

The clothed body (referring to seductive clothing) is more sexually
stimulating than the unclothed body.

Nudity doesn't make me any less appreciative of the female form, nor detract
from the fantasy/visual enjoyment of their sexuality.

Naturists and non-naturists are all welcome here.

Lee

Fm: Michael McC 
For me, sexual arousal is manifested in more subtle indications like bugging
eyes, open mouth, hanging tongue, and drooling.  I try to be real cool about
it but my wife says it's really obvious.  I am only a closet naturist, but it
might be helpful to hear that with me, anyway, erections do not occur without
physical stimulation of some kind, even though I may be incredibly turned on.
Actually, that's not quite always true, but pretty well true, and becomes more
so as I get older
  Just the act of walking, or the feel of a gentle breeze, can cause an
erection.  I would have thought that the sight of male erections, and erect
nipples for that matter, would be routine and unremarkable among experienced
naturists.

One reason I haven't sought out naturism is because I don't think my interest
in that lifestyle comes from any philosophical basis, but rather from
exhibitionism and the desire to look at female bodies.  I saw a video from
England portraying as a sort of travelogue, naturism, but it never addressed
the questions which are really thorny like the one in this thread.

In sum, I don't think an erection should be taken as a response to visual
sexual arousal, hence those present need not feel that an erection is a
statement about them, hence they need not feel threatened (unless there's
another reason for alarm bells to go, of course).  Thanks for posing the
question, and I hope to see more hear about the kinds of issues that create
hesitancy about naturism.

Paix hein (?).  Mike from Toronto.

Fm: David 
Lee,

I find myself getting erections for several reasons.

Obviously, there are sexual reasons.  But there are also physical stimulations
that can cause an erection.  Sleeping can actually be a factor. (Remember
those early morning ones!)

Also walking through a strong wind, even (now don't laugh) riding on a train
or bus and being bounced around can have it's effect on people.

The real key is what you do in the situation.  Turning away, rolling over,
covering up are all good choices.  But don't forget most of the other
naturists can empathize.  A well meaning person in an embarrassing position
will find people to be very understanding and few will ever mention it, as the
fear has been with most of us at one point in time.

Dave

Fm: Bob C. 
Great Question!
I've always wondered the same thing about what to do in the circumstances you
described.  The question has always bugged me whether at a nude beach or
resort, in the showers or wherever there is nudity that may be "arousing."
Fortunately, I haven't run into the situation in a place where it might be
considered a problem.  It's been at the back of my mind though because I'd
like to get involved in a naturist resort nearby and I wondered how I would
react to a nice looking naked body.  I don't necessarily think I'd have a
problem if I was active,   walking, or playing a game, but laying in the sun
on a lounge chair,   able to daydream or fantasize about the  naked body
across the pool from me, I don't think I could control the erection - swim
time!  The only place I have come across this is at the nude beach that I
frequent, but being mostly men, where erections can show interest, the
erections I've had have been to my advantage,  not an embarrassment (Ha, Ha).
In mixed company though, I think I'd have to swim a lot.  I'd like to hear
more from others about this "problem."
Bob C.

Fm: Harry P. 
To: Bob C. 
Bob,

  My experience is also limited.  On one occasion I recall turning over on my
stomach in a group in order to hide the start of an erection.  At another time
while sitting and chatting with an attractive woman, with no one particularly
near us, I was more pleased than ashamed when my cock started getting hard.
It depends on the circumstance.

  A bigger problem for me is keeping my self from staring too much.  An
attractive friend, nude in my presence for the first time, can be very
distracting.  I especially recall being in a small group with a very
attractive woman I had met each summer.  She was on a folding aluminum lounge
with one foot on the sand on each side.  The lounge was set up so that her
head was up enough to see me while we talked.  I found the open legs extremely
distracting. It worked out ok and I certainly would not have wanted to miss
the scene - but I felt a little guilty about the strength of my interest.

  Harry

Fm: Tom 
To: Norman C.

The only time I ever noticed someone with an erection at the clothing optional
resort I went to for awhile, the person had fallen asleep on his back on the
sun-deck, and must have been having a good dream.  The only concern anyone
expressed was that he might get a sun-burn if he didn't wake up before too
long.

Fm: BOB B. 
To: Tom 
I must agree, my experience indicates that the situation is rare.  I recall
seeing an erection on a man sunning on his back on a pool float. One other
time, when a new person first shed his clothes.  But after what must be
hundreds of experiences, that is it.  I personally, was scarred to death of
this very thing when first becoming a nudist.  In fact the fear of the
embarrassment of an erection, probably prevented me venturing earlier into
this wonderful lifestyle.  In actually fact, though, I have rarely
encountered this "problem".  On a few occasions, in the presence of an
especially erotic body or pose, I have felt the beginnings, but simply turn on
my stomach, or dive into a cold pool. Also, I think this may be one of the
unspoken reasons that nudists, or at least the men, always carry towels!
                      Bob

Fm: Jay (m) 
To: BOB B. 
Bob:
       I should think that if one can get used to being seen without clothing,
then being seen with an erection should not be that much more daunting
(talking through my hat here.  Its never happened to me.).
       I've never actually been to a naturist resort.  (I don't think topless
counts.  Only the woman uncovers anything consequential).  I have been
casually naked with friends and acquaintances.  I believe that in our circle,
an erection would be viewed as a compliment to the person who inspired it, but
requiring no comment or further action.
       By the way, nobody's mentioned visible female arousal here.  I know its
a bit less obvious (erect nipples can always be blamed on the weather), but an
alert person can spot it.  Are women naturists bothered by this?

                                                       -Jay

Fm: George V.
To: Jay (m) 
I, also, have been wondering, while reading this thread, just why an erection
should be embarrassing.  I hope that some of the more experienced guys will
enlighten me.

I did attend a Naturist Resort quite a number of years ago, and there were no
erection problems for me there.  If I had a problem, I'm sure I would have
been very embarrassed, but I can't really explain why.  If men and women are
exposing their entire bodies, why should either be ashamed of a natural
reaction?

I saw a home movie recently of some kind of a parade review.  The cavalry
officers were all lined up on the field, standing at attention.  Then one of
the horses suddenly developed a HUGE erection.  It just went on and on and on,
and of course no one did or said anything, although I'm sure everyone watching
the review was aware of it.  I wonder if that horse was embarrassed <g>?

George
