Archive-name: Changes/ericdil5.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Eric's Dilemna (part 5)


     Alexis watched, amused, as Eric stood naked, surrounded by
kinky fetish gear.  What to put on first?  Lorna had said this
would be the ultimate demonstration.
     Eric Katt, who once made decisions that affected millions, was
now an all tits and ass bimbo who couldn't decide whether to deck
herself out in sluttish rubber or kinky leather.
     "Why don't you try the pink hot pants?" Alexis suggested.
     Grateful that someone had broken the confusion that enveloped
him, Eric began the arduous process of squeezing his stout hips
into the tiny garment.
     "He seems very domesticated, Lorna.  I'm impressed."
     "Does he meet to your satisfaction, both as to his original
feminization and his .. uh, how shall we say, .. custom
modifications?"
     "Lord yes!  he's wilder than anything I ever dreamed of.   All
those times Eric had my tits hanging out, fending off the hands of
his drunken buddies.  Now he can enjoy the experience.  Yes, he'll
do just fine as "Erica."
     "I'm so glad you find him suitable.  I have worked so hard. 
It's so difficult, you know, to impose new behaviors, new
attitudes, without extinguishing the basic talents.  Eric, for
instance."
     Lorna took out a cigarette, lit it, and continued.
     "Eric has a natural talent for making money.  Of course, that
talent needed to be harnessed and put to work for females.  While
it would be nice for you to have Erica at your beck and call, it
will be so much nicer to have Eric making money for me."
     Alexis tried to stand up.  She was woozy, hot, and the room
was spinning.
     "I've made a few modifications of my own, you see.  Eric, as
Erica, is going to be your assistant.  He'll be running things
while you're on vacation.  Quite smoothly, I'd bet.  After all, it
was his company."
     Lorna stepped back to avoid Alexis' clawing fingers. 
Staggering, the drugged female collapsed to her knees.
     "Meanwhile, you have a debt to pay me.  A very significant
debt."
                            *********
     The intercom.  Her last meeting was cancelled.  It was time to
go home.
     Alli and Eric minced in.  Husband and wife were now identical
twins.  There were a few improvements, of course.  The accents were
gone, as well as the remains of Eric's manhood.  It got in the way of
business, but their bustlines were stupendous.  40-FF's. 
Impossible to support unless wearing well engineered foundations. 
Watching the two enter was like seeing two cars from the fifties
with jutting headlights.
     The intelligence was still there.  It had to be to keep Lorna
in touch with her newly acquired empire.  But there were other
things.  Alii looked at her mistress with unbridled lust.  The poor
girl was now an obsessive lesbian.  Eric, on the other hand, was
now an uncontrollable slut.  He couldn't keep his hands off any
cock that came by.
     MALES was throwing a dinner in Lorna's honor.  It was going to
be interesting to see who got a bigger reaction from the crowd when
they danced - Alii or Eric.  Each had a little song to sing and a
dance to do.
     There would be a live sex show including, even, an animal act. 
It would be fitting somehow to see Eric Katt, the takeover king,
being taken over by a donkey.
     There was a brothel in the hills north of Acapulco where the
girls were taught a sort of naked Flamenco.  The pale, slim, Anglo
girls, kidnapped form the tourist beaches, were particularly
humiliated by the lewd costume and the heel pounding dance they
were forced to learn.  The beat of the heels serving to drive the
dildos they wore deep into their, soon to be, well worn slits.
     It might be fun to send my pair South for the season to take
dancing lessons.  Lorna sat back and pictured it in her mind.  The
see-through, triple tiered, skirts, their ponderously moving
breasts, cries of "Ole!" in the background.  She picked up the
phone and began to dial.

End of story
Hope you liked it.
