                           Erica's New Slave

My name is Erica R. and besides being a lawyer I am a Dominate Lesbian.
My newest Slave Lori began work as my secretary a few months ago.  Lori
was the third applicant that I interviewed.  She was just seventeen and
was very pretty.  She was about five foot six and measure around 30-22-
34.  Her curly brown hair was cut short and it framed her faced
beautifully.  After glancing at her rather short resume.  Seeing that
she had only graduated from high school only two weeks ago.   I snapped
out "Why are you wasting my time.  You have absolutely no experience
except a measly high school diploma".   She immediately broke down a
began crying.  After whipping the tears from the her bedroom blue eyes
and stopped sobbing.  She said "I just have to have this job!!  Ms.R..
I can't go back and live with my Aunt and Uncle!  I beg you please give
me chance!  Pleasee Pleasee." She then told me her life story.


How her parents were killed in a car accident at fourteen and she was
sent to live on a farm with her aunt and uncle.  She told me her uncle
had forbid her to date boys and how she was not allowed to have any
friends.  On her sixteenth birthday, while her Aunt was in town, her
Uncle had brutally raped her that afternoon.  How from then on she
would hide from him every time her aunt was not a home.  How she had
gone to summer school so she could graduate early and leave.  She said
she hated him and all males and then broke down again crying.


I came around and sat on the arm of the chair and put my arms around
her shoulders and comforted her.  I asked "Why didn't you tell your
Aunt about being raped."  She sobbed out "I was afraid to!   After
raping me he said that I was not to fucking around with any pimply
faced high school jocks.  He said that he would see to my sexual needs.
That he intended to teach me about oral and anal love the next time we
were alone.  He said to forget about crying to Sally because if I did
he would beat the hell out me and besides she would not believe me
anyway."  As I stoked her hair and kissed her silken hair, I said
"That's just like a Son of a Bitching Male."   I managed to stay away
from him for almost eight months then one Saturday, while Aunt Sally
was in town.  He found my hiding place.  He slapped me around a little,
then said it was time for me to learn how to please him.  He unzipped
his pants and pulled his big thing out.  He dragged me into the house
and into their room.  He threw me on the bed and sat on my chest.
Saying "Suck my prick nice bitch and I might let you taste my spunk".
I was so scared that he would hurt me again that I just lay there .  He
punched me in the mouth and said "Bite my cock and you'll die slut."  I
knew he would really hurt me, so I just opened my mouth, closed my eyes
and waited.  He shove his big cock in and fucked my face until he
screamed "Here it comes Baby swallow my load".  I tried to pull back
but he held my head.  Ramming that big horrible thing down my throat.
I gagged and thought I was going to throw up.  After he was through he
just patted my cheek .  He said I would have to wait until Sally was
into town again before he could screw my ass.  He said he could not get
it up again before she came back.  I hugged her tighter and said "That
Fucking Animal."  I then ask where she was staying in town.  She said
"The Star Light Motel." I knew immediately that she would be a prime
target for lesbian love.  Since she was staying at a flea bag motel on
the outskirts of town.  It was apparent that  she was low on cash and
desperate for this job.


I told her that she could have the job but because she was so
inexperienced I would not pay her a full salary.  But that if she
wanted to she could stay in my spare room rent free.  If she would do
some things around the house for me like cleaning, washing, and other
little things.  Lori eagerly accepted my offer, kissing my hand.  She
thanked me repeatedly saying how grateful she was for giving her a
change.  And that it felt good to finally tell someone what had
happened.  I told her that since it was close to four o'clock that I
would close the office and we would go and get her things from the
motel.  As we drove to the motel I kept glancing at Lori legs and
thighs.  Her short skirt had ridden up.  I could just barely see the
crotch of her white panties and the top of her nylons.  I let my mind
race.  I pictured her naked and kneeling before me begging to service
my cunt.  Next she was spread out face down across my bed.  Her hips
raised by pillows and I was whipping her delicate bottom until it is
red and hot.  I lay the crop next to her tear stained face before
gently kissing her abused ass.  I part the welted cheeks to slowly lick
up and down her crack.  I come back to reality as Lori says "Here turn
here." Lori lowers her head and shyly ask if she may have an advance on
her salary to pay the bill. She used her last two dollars to buy lunch
with, she says.  I tell her to go pack her thing and to put them in the
car, that I'll settle her account.


She seemed impressed with my home.  She kept saying how grateful she
was for me allowing her to stay with me and how beautiful everything
was. I put her things in the hall closet and told her she could help me
cook.  And that after we ate I would help her to settle in.  After
letting her do most of the cooking we sat down and ate.  She must have
been starving for she attacked her food finishing well before me. I had
her get a bottle of wine out of the frig.  I told her to pour herself a
glass as well.  Lori looked surprised.  I said it was alright saying "I
know you're young and not very experienced or sophisticated dear but
with my help we'll change all that." Lori said "You are so beautiful
and successful.   I hope you'll teach me what you know. I would love to
be just like you."  I reached over and patted her hand as I though.
Yes Baby I'll teach you to eat my pussy and to be my slave and to obey
me and you'll love it.  Lori appeared to like the fruity sweet taste of
the wine.  She drank three glasses and appeared a little tipsy.  I told
her it was time to unpack her things.  I wanted her inhabitations to be
dulled and I knew that the wine would help me to seduce her.


Lori was delighted with her room.   I opened the first suit case.  Lori
blushed  saying "I could only take a few things when I left the farm."
It contained only dirty bluejeans and a few soiled top.  The second
contain some also dirty dresses and that was it. The smallest only had
her underwear and bra's and a flannel night shirt, which looked to be
about worn out.  "We are about the same size Lori, you may borrow some
of my things until we can go shopping. You will need a new wardrobe if
you're going to work in a office" I said.  Tears came to her sparking
blue eyes as she came to me and hugged my neck.


Erica took Lori in her arms and brushed her lips across Lori cheek.
Then whispered in her ear "You're beautiful darling, I will show you a
whole new world if you let me." She the ran her tongue into Lori ear
causing her to shiver.  There was no resistance, the wine had done its
job, so she slipped her tongue  between her lips.  Ran her tongue over
Lori lips and slipped it into her mouth and began to explore.  When she
retracted her tongue Lori's followed hers and began imitated her own.


While they kissed entwining tongues.   Erica unbuttoned Lori blouse and
slid it off her shoulder letting it fall to the floor. Cupping the
rounded cheeks of Lori bum she squeezed and massaged the chubby bottom
through the tightly stretched skirt.  Her hands slid up Lori's spine
and around to fondled her bra encased bosom.  She reached behind and
unclasp the plain cotton brassiere and pulled the cups away from Lori
chest, freeing the twins mounds she could hardly wait to suck.  She
gently began to caress Lori right tit.  Her fingers ran circles around
the areola before she rolled the nipples between thumb and forefinger.
She whisper "Your are so beautiful. Your breast are so firm and your
little nipples are rock hard already.  I must taste them my angel".
She leans down and captures the left nipples between her lips while she
hear Lori softly moan "Hummm".  Erica gently bites then sucks hard
moving from nipple to nipple for a few minutes.


While feasting on Lori breast she reaches down and put her hand under
Lori skirt and forces her thighs apart a little.  Gently rubbing the
velvet skin briefly before settling her hand on the crotch of her white
cotton panties.  Liking the feel of warmth and wetness in the silken
nest between her legs, Erica could feel the wetness in the fabric and
knew that her kisses and caress where causing Lori pussy to lubricate
with excitement.  Just the way she knew it would.  She forced her leg
between Lori thighs and was not surprised when Lori began to hump her
pubic mound against her leg try to get herself off.


Erica gave Lori nipple a last lick then stood and removed her own
blouse and bra.  As Lori stared with wide shinning eyes she mumbled "
Oh, God!  Your breast's are perfect. May I please touch them Erica."
Erica took Lori trembling hands and placed them on her breasts. As Lori
hands began to roam she said "Mmm, that feels nice,  I can feel my
nipples responding already." Erica put a hand on the back of Lori Head.
"Kiss my nipple darling, then take it between you lips and play with
it.  After that open wide and fill you mouth with my tit and suck hard,
that makes me feel really sexy.


Trembling, beads of perspiration standing out on her forehead, Lori
licked her lips. Holding the beautiful breast in both hands her lips
closed around it.  "Mmm, that nice!  Make love to my titties, baby."
Erica said, as she stroked Lori hair.  She sighed again and said "Suck
darling, suck my beautiful titties and make me feel it right down in my
pussy.  How delightful this is. Keep sucking my pretty baby.  Think of
all the other things we're going to do.  Think of it Lori in just a
little while I will let you suck my pussy after I tasted you delicious
slit."


"Mmmm....mmmmm.....mmmm ..." was Lori reply, as she held and suckled
the beautiful breast.  She loved the way the nipple seemed to grow as
she sucked.  Erica cupped her other breast saying "Now this one darling
we don't want to neglect it do we?"  Lori opened her mouth wide and
nursed hungrily at the other tit.


"You're going to love it, Lori.  Your tongue will go right into my
 cunt.  You'll give my pussy a lovely tongue lashing.  You'll lick my
 clit and then my thighs will capture your pretty face and hold it
 there while I climax, giving you my pussy cream to drink.  You will
 adore the taste of my pussy juice angel.  Once you've lapped my cunt
 you'll always want to do it.  You'll never be able to get enough of my
 pussy pie and it's slick sweet juices."


"I'll give you a lesson now, dear."   Erica told Lori as she unzipped
the girls skirt letting if fall around her ankles.  "Lie back and open
you thighs wide for me darling.  I'm going to eat your pussy now.  I'll
show you the ecstasy that only a woman can give another female."


Eagerly, Lori lay on her back.  She raised her hips and Erica slipped
the panties off her legs and tossed them to the floor.  Lori parting
her legs slightly opening her crotch in erotic welcome to her new
friend and employer.  She was excited by what was happening and the
sexy talk was a turn on for her.


"You have a lovely pussy, Lori."  Erica said and patted it gently, the
tips of her fingers parting the now moist lips.  "Not all cunts are
beautiful, as you probably know, but this one is very pretty indeed."
The lips were puffy and slightly parted.   Erica could see that the
clitoris was peeking out of its hood.  She wet her finger with the
pussy juice that was beginning to leak from Lori swollen lips and
brushed her wet digit across the clit.  This caused the girls hips to
jerk wildly.  "I've never looked at another woman's pussy before." Lori
gasped out to Erica.  Hush now baby and just enjoy what going to happen
Erica whispered.


"You will put your face between my thighs in a little while, baby and
you'll have a good look at my cunt for the first time but certainly not
the last.  It's very pretty.  After you've looked at it and fingered it
a bit, you will put your warm mouth right on it.  You will use your
tongue to lick and explore it and discover the erotic joy, the sheer
delight of sucking my pussy."


Slowly, teasingly, Erica brought her lovely face between Lori upraised
thighs.  Raising Lori's legs she bent and pushed them back so the knees
were almost touching the breasts. Taking Lori's hands from her own
breast she had the girl hold herself open.  She paused to kiss and lick
the smooth ivory white thighs above the expanded tops of the sheer
nylons.  She slipped her hand over Lori hips and reaching under her to
savor the firmness of the plump buttocks.  As she lifted that satin ass
her tongue come out and moved closer and closer to the tempting pink
target of Lori pussy.  As Erica's tongue parted Lori vagina Lori
squirmed, sighed and moaned.  It
was obvious she was loving it.  Resisting was the farthest thing from
her mind as she took her lapping.  When Erica's tongue found the hard
nub of Lori clitors she began to gently tease it, then to lap it and
finally to suck the now erect clit.  While she suck the throbbing clit
between her lips, she coated her index finger with Lori's pussy cream
and circled the now slick entrance to the girls cunt hole.  Easing the
finger deep into her vagina and worked it around and in and out.
Thrusting her finger deeply she felt the cunt muscles contracting in
the start of a powerful orgasm.


Lori gasp out "Oh, God, I'm getting close.  I'm going to cum!  Here
....  I...uh....cumeeeee......"   Her hips jerked upward and her thighs
clamped Erica face tightly as her whole body shook at the height of
passion she never knew existed.  It was an orgasm of fierce strength.
Throughout it, Erica held her with strong arms wrapped around her hips.
Lori jerked and shook violently and her cries of ecstasy reverberated
around the room.  As Lori fell back on the bed totally fulfilled by her
orgasm.  She sighed warmly and the opened her eyes.  Her eyes were wet
with tears and shone like a pair of jewels, wet with tears of bliss and
ecstasy.


Erica sat up and licked her lips.  "I loved the way you responded with
your whole body while I was eating your sweet pussy.  Your thighs
rubbed my face so beautifully and your moans and shrieks when you
orgasms where a delight to my ears darling."  "Oh, Erica, it was
heaven, sheer heaven.  I thought I was dying!  It was so good!  It was
so more intense that the climax's that I get when I masturbate.  Will
you do it again Pleaseee and will you teach me how to suck your pussy.
Pleaseee!  Pleaseee!"


"Yes darling.  I'll part the gates of heaven for you."   Lay back and I
will sit on your face.  That way you will be able to play with my
beautiful bottom as you eat my cunt for me.  Erica knelt with her
crotch above Lori upturned face and then used her fingers to part the
tender pink lips of her pussy.  She whispered "Look, Lori!  Look at my
cunt as I bring it to your mouth to be sucked.  Suck the nectar from
the pink flower of my pussy.  Take my cunt darling."  She went on,
panting a little as she let her knees part.  Lowering her body with
teasing slowness to the waiting mouth.  "Hurry, Erica, give it to me!"
Lori moaned.  "Bring your beautiful pussy to my mouth.  Oh, Erica, I'm
dying to suck you! I want....mmmmmmm....."  The words were cut off
suddenly as the moist vagina was pressed down on Lori mouth.  Lori
reached around pulling at the silken buttocks shoving the cunt deeper
into her face.  She sucked with such greed that it amazed even her.


"I'm doing it!" thought Lori.  "I'm actually sucking a woman's cunt.
It feels so good! Her cunt is so soft and warm and juicy and she taste
so good. I have the smell of her in my nose.  Its better than any
perfume that I have ever smelled.  Her beautiful bum is squirming in my
hands.  OOOH it feels like her cunt is kissing my mouth.  I'll sucked
her pussy lips right into my mouth.  Now I must slip my tongue between
the lips.  Oh it so sexy.  Every time I stab her cunt with my tongue
her ass squirms in my hands.I've got to find her clitors."  As Lori
tongue touched Erica's clit her body jerks strongly, her loud gasp
telling Lori that she has found her hot button.  "Oh, yes... yes.  I've
found her clit. I love the way she moans and jerks when it lick her
clit.  Do it some more.  Here....here...yes...yes.. Oh, God it's lovely
the way she wiggles on my face.The way she rubs her wet cunt on....so
soft, so warm and juicy.  Oh I think she going to come.  Yes, her body
is tensing, she's close to it.  A few more licks on her clit should do
it. It's exciting to know that I am making her body react this way."


Erica was climaxing, her cries were loud and rough as the spasms tore
through her body and her hot wet cunt smearing warm pussy juice over
Lori face, give her a highly erotic massage.  OOOH, Lori!" Erica sighed
after the orgasm had passed and she knelt up.  That was a magnificent
climax!  Baby you really gave my clit a work out.!" She then lay down
beside Lori and took her in her arms.  Kissing her lightly on the lips
Erica savored the taste of her own pussy cream from Lori sensual
pouting lips.  Lori pulled away and whisper "Erica I love you.  Say
that is not some one time thing. Say that you love me too!"   Erica
reach down a ran her fingers through the still damp public hairs of
Lori"s mons and says "I do like you but there is something you must
understand. I'm a Dominate Lesbian.  I have never allowed a man touch
me and I control everything in my life and if you choose to be become
my lover.  You will have to give yourself to me totally."  "I will
Erica! only say that you love me and you won't sent me away." Lori
cried out.  "Then you're willing to be my slave, darling" asked Erica.
"YES! OH YES! Erica just don't send me away. I will do anything you
want" Lori sobbed and began to cry.  Erica smiled broadly as she held
Lori tightly while the young girl continued to cry softly.  Her hands
now caressed the body of her new slave, her personal property.


When the tears ended Erica said "Go run a tub of water for me.  We will
start your slave training now.  You can learn how to properly bath your
Mistress." Lori started to rise saying "Yes Erica".  When she was
forced back and Erica straddled her midsection and grasp Lori head
between her hands.  Starring into those sexy blue eyes.   Erica calmly
said "You are my Slave now Lori.  Always remember to call me Mistress
Erica or just plain Mistress.  No matter where we are or who is present
unless I give you permission to do other wise.  OK angel."  "Yes
Mistress" Lori whimpered.  Erica stopped her talking with a passionate
French kiss that took Lori breath away.


When the bath was ready Lori came to the door of the bedroom and meekly
said "You bath is ready Mistress Erica."   Erica rose and put her arm
around Lori waist and slowly headed toward the bathroom.  Once Erica
was settle in the tub she handed Lori a bar of scented soap, raising
her right leg out of the water.  She ordered Lori to soap her using
just her hands.  Lori dipped the soap in the water and lathered her
hands and began to do what she was instructed.  She wash each leg and
arm and then did Erica's back.  As she used her hands on Erica's breast
and nipples she realized she was actually enjoying what she was doing.
She could feel the points of Erica's erect nipple in the palm of her
hand.  She could hardly wait to soap Erica's beautiful dierree and
pussy.  Erica had her eyes closed.  Her head was leaned back enjoying
the luxury of what was being doing to her by her little slave.  After
Lori used a huge sponge to rise the latter from the firm titties.
Erica leaned over and kiss Lori on the cheek.  Kneeling in the tub so
her hips and thighs were above the water.  Erica said "Make sure to
clean between the cheeks of my behind. little one, because you will
kiss me there very soon darling." Lori was very confused because she
had never heard of anyone kiss someone on the butt before.  The thought
had never occurred to her.  In not time at all Erica's crotch and
bottom was a mass of white foam.  Lori used both hands to wash up each
silken thigh.  She loved the texture of Erica's skin.  Her fingers even
spread Erica's vulva to wash inside the lips of her pussy.  Erica guide
her had further back until Lori fingers were in the valley between her
buttocks.  Lori finger brushed up and down the crack.  She touched
Erica's asshole a few times and she wonder if she should penetrate it
with her soapy finger.  She had often penetrated her own bottom while
bathing every since her Uncle had threaten to put his big cock in her
ass.  She liked the feel of her finger in her butt, the feeling of
fullness back there was exciting.  But the thought of big dick being
shoved up her tiny hole frighten her.  Erica interrupted her train of
thought by reaching out and rolling her erect nipples before pinching
them very hard.   Lori to sank back and cry out "Please stop Mistress
you're hurting them!"  Erica released the now aching nipples, reached
for the sponge and rinsed herself off.  She stood up and stepped out of
the tub.


She smiled down at the girl, caressed her face light with her fingers.
Cupping Lori"s chin she brought the girl to a kneeling position.  Erica
moved to the vanity still dripping wet.  Bent from the waist resting
her arms on the top of it saying "Kiss my bum hole Slave to show that
you have washed your Mistress properly." Lori blushed beet red and
begged "Please No Mistress!  I have never doing anything like that
before.  Don't make me do such a nasty thing, Please No!"  Erica spun
around and shook Lori by the shoulder saying "Did you no just clean me
there Slave.  Now you either kiss the cheeks of my bottom and lick my
butt hole.  Or you will receive a beating that will make use wish that
I shit in your mouth instead of just paying homage to my beautiful
bum."   As tears of shame streaked Lori's face Erica turn and bent.
Delivering her bottom to the now sniffling Slave.  Lori crouched behind
Her Mistress and kissed each cheek.  Sighing loudly she parted the big
buttocks and pressed her face between them and licked hurriedly up and
down the crack.  "Erica spoke "That delicious Slave, Now stiffen your
tongue and tickle my little pink anal ring with it."  As Lori continue
to ream Erica she thought to herself "This isn't so bad after all.  At
least it's better than getting a licking, and the way Erica ate my
pussy was a million times better than when that pig of an uncle raped
me."


Erica turned and patted Lori on the head saying "You are a true
submissive.  Your were definitely meant to be owned.  You will be a
excellent Slave once you are properly trained.  You do love me don't
you darling?"  "Oh Yes Mistress!" came Lori quick reply.   "But Please
don't hurt me!"   "I will teach you Slave that their is pleasure in
pain as well as there is pride in humiliation and embarrassment.
Except to shed many tears in the months a head baby.  You will be
punished and or humiliated often.  To correct mistakes as well as for
the mutual pleasure that it will give us.  I discipline you because I
Love You.  You will soon learn that a spanking or whipping will make
you very hot and horny.  If you trust and obey me I will show you
things that will pale in comparison to the orgasm that you already
had."  "Yes Mistress, I do trust you and I will try to be obedient to
your wishes but I fear the pain" was Lori teary reply.  "I will not do
any permanent damage to that beautiful body so calm yourself down and
dry me off." Erica said.  Adding "Then take a bath yourself and come to
my bedroom.  You will sleep next to me tonight and tomorrow we will go
shopping so we can burn these awful cloths that you have."


When Lori finished her bath she rapped a large towel around herself and
enter the bedroom.  It was dark except for a small night lamp, Erica
lay naked reading a magazine.  Erica told Lori to turn on the overhead
light and come stand beside the bed.  Lori quickly did as instructed
and stood beside the bed with her head lowered.  Erica swung herself
around and sat on the side of the bed shaking her head.  She reached
out a snatched the towel downward, causing Lori to step back in fright.
Erica pulled Lori closer by the hips and reached out and kissed her
navel saying "Did I tell you to cover your body after your bath Slave?"
"No Mistress" Lori mumbled.  Erica order Lori to place the hands on top
of her head to to extend her elbows out to the side and to spread her
feet apart.  Erica used her foot to gently tap Lori ankle saying
"Wider....  Wider...Wider...." until Lori legs were at least three feet
apart.  Erica then ran her hands over the still damp breast before
using the fingers of both hands to spread Lori labia and blew gently
into her pussy.  The puff of cool air across Lori's still erect clit
caused her hips to sway.  Erica then reached around and shove Lori from
behind causing her to fall face forward across the bed beside her.
Erica slapped Lori ass hard causing her to squeal out.  Lori hands
instinctively flew back to protect her butt cheeks.  Erica quickly
pinned her wrist together and held them in the small of the back.  She
quickly threw her right leg across the back of Lori knees.  She began
to rhythmically slap the quivering asscheeks with moderate force, just
enough to color them a light shade of pink.  As Lori struggle in vain
to escape.  Erica informed her that this light spanking was for
covering her body without permission.  The spanking abruptly ended.
Erica rubbed the slight red cheeks and waited until Lori's sniffling
had stopped.  Erica order Lori to reach back and to spread her buttock
so the she could see if her anus was clean.  With trembling hands Lori
slowly reached back and spread her behind open.  Erica gazed at the
light brown ring of Lori bum hole for a few minutes.  Knowing that this
was highly embarrassing for the girl.  To have to hold her behind open
as if she were a child.  Who could not be trusted to clean herself
properly. Before she leaned down kissing her directly on the asshole.
Lori immediately released the hold on her buttocks and covered her face
with her hands. Her thought running wild, "She's licking my asshole
just like she made me do to her.  It feels fantastic.  Want her finger
to penetrate my hole.  I hope she eats my pussy again, I'm soaking wet.
I so horny."  Erica mean while continue to kiss and lick the delightful
bottom that was still warm.  She licked her tongue up the crack of the
ass one more time before saying "Get under the covers and I will cuddle
and hold you my little angel slave." Lori fell asleep cradled in her
Mistress's arms.  Erica lay there listening to Lori breath quietly and
thought of the days and months of training that lay ahead and how lucky
she was to find such a young and beautiful girl who would submit to her
dominance.


Erica's clock alarmed as it did every morning at 5am.  She began to
gently kiss Lori's closed eyes saying "Wake up angle Slave we've got a
busy day ahead of us."  Lori's head was fuzzy.  At first she thought
she was still at the motel the she realized she was naked.  The
memories of what happen last night came flooding back.  She was
embarrassed and ashamed at what she had done and said.  Erica was
already sitting at her vanity brushing her hair.  Lori sat up and
pulling the sheet higher to shield her nakedness and blurred out "Ms. R
what happen last night was wrong!   I'm sorry it happened but I don't
want to a slave to you or anyone else."  She sank down and began crying
into the pillow.  Erica came and sat on the bed and turned the sobbing
girl over and kissed her tears away saying "Which part didn't you like.
When we made love it was beautiful.  Your body responded like it was
supposed to.  You can deny that you reached orgasm."  "Yes I did climax
and when I did it to you it was delicious but I don't want to be a
Slave" Lori replied.  Erica just smiled brushing the strands of hair
from Lori's cute face and continued "I think darling that if you admit
to yourself that you have a submissive nature you'll be a happier
person in the long run.  I could tell that you enjoyed giving me a bath
and that little spanking I gave you did not really hurt but in fact
made you very horny. I even bet that while I kissed your bum you really
wanted me to kiss and lick your sweet pussy and give you another
delicious come.  You even wanted to suck my cunt again too." "Yes that
true but...."  Lori did not get to finish her sentence because Erica
had give her another soul searching kiss.  One that she knew would turn
the girl on.  Just to make sure she fondled Lori's sensitive titties
until she began to moan. She stood up and threw a robe on the bed
saying "Put that on and go make me a cup of coffee.  I will be in the
sun room riding the exercise bike, bring it to me there."  She quickly
left the room knowing that Lori had a big decision to make.  Lori lay
there in a daze, a mass of mixed emotions.  Should she get her stuff
and just leave or should she stay and be Erica employee and Slave.
What they had done was exciting and highly erotic.  Erica was right
even the spanking had turned her on although it had hurt at first.  She
sighed and thought "Why Not I can always leave if things get really
scary".  She rose and put the robe on and made her way to the kitchen
to make the coffee.


Lori was smiling again when she brought the coffee in the sun room and
said "Your coffee Mistress."  Erica dismounted the bike her shorts and
top a little damp from her workout.  She took a sip before she order
Lori to remove the robe and get on the bike and to ride.  Lori lowered
her eyes and a flush colored her features as she ask "You mean ride
this thing naked!" "Yes darling you have a gorgeous body and I like
looking at it.  You will ride every morning like this.  A Mistress must
see that her Slave keeps fit." Erica told her adding "Ride until I
return then after you shower we can see to your outfit for the day and
I'll show you how to properly apply makeup."


Erica return in about twenty minutes to a sweating slave for Lori was
truly out of shape even though her body was perfectly proportioned.
Eric pick out a seldom worn garter belt and a pair of nylon and added
then to the lace French cut panties that lay on the bed. She also when
through her closet and chose a black wool skirt and a printed silk
blouse that would look good on Lori.  Since her brassieres would not
fit the girl she decide to make her go bra less, her titties were firm
and really did not need the support of a bra.  Once Lori was attired in
the panties, garter belt and nylons Erica sat her at the vanity and
show her how to apply make up and chose a color of lip stick that
suited her sensuous lips.  Lori was very attentive because no one had
really took the time to show her, not her aunt or any of the girl at
school.  She never really had any friends, male or female, in the town
where she lived.  At seven o'clock she was allowed to finish dressing.


At the office Erica showed Lori how to take phone message and make
appointments.  She gave her several letters to type and warned her that
she did not tolerate mistake and if any where found she would be
punished at home for them.  She left for court saying that she expected
to be back in about forty five minutes.  Lori was to call the two
people in her appointment book and tell them that their meeting was
postponed until tomorrow.  Lori made the calls and typed the letter in
short order, only having to retype one of them.  She proudly presented
the letters and the few messages she had take.  Erica quickly read the
messages and letters and smiled broadly saying "Slave you need cloths
lets go shopping."


At the mall Erica measured Lori foot whispering "I don't want some
asshole salesman looking up your skirt and staring at your pussy.  It
belongs to me doesn't it baby!"  Lori look quickly around then shyly
replied "Yes Mistress".  Erica then picked out several style and pairs
of shoes for her Slave.  Next was a visit to a very high class jewelry
store.   Erica talked in such hushed tones that Lori could not make out
what was being said.  The sales girl told Erica that she could pick up
her purchases in about two hours.  Erica took Lori by the hand and let
her to a boutique that specialized in lingerie.  Getting a dozen pairs
of stockings, a beautiful lace teddy, and about six different styles
and colors of panties, and three brassiere's.  Erica decide it was time
for her Slave to start paying for the things she had bought.  While
paying the young sales clerk, a girl no older than Lori, Erica ask if
they carried crotch less undies and brassieres that would show a woman
nipples while being worn.  When the clerk shyly replied yes.  She
guides us to a glass display case asking which ones Erica would like to
see.  Erica turned to Lori and said "Lori darling which color of bra do
you like. You have been begging me to buy you one so you could show off
you long nipples."  Lori turned five shades of red with humiliation and
embarrassment.  Erica turned to the sales girl and said "She a little
embarrassed about the size of her nipples.  When we get sexy together
her nipples grow about half and inch.  Turning to Lori she added "Don't
they Baby!"  Facing the sales girl again she says "I don't really like
crotch less panties.  I prefer that Lori wear lace garter belts and
nylons at home.  That way her crotch is open as well as having easy
access to her bottom.  She likes having her bottom fondled and played
with." As the young sales clerk gasp out "You're Les..." Erica cuts her
off saying "I think we'll take that lace half bra there it should show
her fat nipples off delightfully and these two garter belts.  Lori
holds her head down as the tears trickle from her eyes.  She is unable
to look at the sales girl as she stand meekly by Erica.  Wishing she
were a million miles away.  Erica hands the bags to Lori then put her
arm around her waist resting her hand on Lori's bottom.  As she starts
for the door she saying loud enough for the clerk to hear "I can hardly
wait to see you model it for me darling." Once outside Lori begs
"Please I want to go home.  I was never so ashamed." Erica laughs and
says "It might have been embarrassing but it was exciting too.  That
little sales clerk was undressing us both with her eyes.  She could
imagine herself naked with either of us. She wants her pussy eaten so
bad she can taste it.  And don't think I didn't see the way you were
looking at her either.  You wanted to make love to her admit it
darling.  There is no shame in desiring something.  I bet you slit is
soaking wet, lets step inside this rest room and see."


Luckily there was no one inside.  Erica walked to the last stall opened
the door and turned to Lori, who stood holding the bags.  Erica order
her to come to her. Once inside the stall Erica took the bags and
placed them on the tile floor.  She reached down and drew the skirt
upward. She held the skirt up with one hand and gently slapped the
front of Lori's thigh with the other saying "Spread you legs wide!
Slave." As Lori complied Erica could plainly see a wet spot in the
crotch of the panties.  Erica slipped her fingers under the leg of the
panties and began to massage Lori wet slit.  She slid a finger into her
cunt hole and heard Lori try to stifle a low moan.  As she fingered her
Slave's pussy she used her thumb on to stroke the erect button of
Lori's clit.  "God!  you're a hot little cunt, you're juices are
flowing like a river.  Cum for me darling." Erica gasp before bring her
lips to Lori's for a long French kiss.  Lori bucked and shuddered
through a orgasm.  She moan into Erica's mouth as her tongue fought a
dual with Erica's.  When the crisis had passed Erica removed her finger
from the sopping pussy and brought her glisten fingers to Lori's lips.
"Taste yourself.  Suck my fingers angel." Lori sucked with abandonment
she love the taste.  Erica was right at first she was humiliated but at
the same time she was excited.  Her pussy started to lubricate when the
sales girl started to call them Lesbian's.  She did want to taste the
girl slit, to see her faced when she came and she wanted the girl to
suck her also.  She even picture the sales girl and Erica together but
quickly tried to erase the thought.  She did not want to think that
anyone else could give Erica pleasure.


Once in the mall again Erica stopped at a fashionable restaurant.  She
order salads for both of them and a glass of milk for Lori and a mixed
drink for herself.  While they were eating Lori talked of her life on
the farm.  Erica was delighted to learn that Lori was very good at
sewing and this gave her some ideas.  While Lori ate her desert of ice
cream Erica left her alone in the restaurant and returned to the
lingerie shop.


Erica was glad there was no one in the shop except the sales girl.
Erica approached her saying "Excuse me dear.  I forgot that I need to
get a special pair of panties for little Lori.  One size smaller than
the ones I bought and they must be very sheer. You must be able to see
through them."  When clerk returned she handed the panties to Erica.
As Erica started to examine the panties.  The sales girl ask timidly
"are you and your friend really Lesbian's." Erica head snapped up "Yes
dear I am a Lesbian.  A very special Lesbian a Dominate one and Lori is
more than just a friend.  She is my Slave." The sales girl gasp "Your
Slave." "Yes dear, little Lori is a Slave.  I own her she is my
personal property like my car or the cloths I wearing.  She will do
anything I tell her to.  She would suck your pussy to a mind shattering
orgasm if I order her do." Eric whispered.  "OOhh God that would be
something" the girl mused.  Erica leaned very close and ask "Would you
like for Lori to eat your cunt for you." "Yes aaahh No.  I'm not sure."
the girl stuttered and continued "I have often had a fantasy where a
girl makes love to me and I make love to her. I have even had dreams
where I spanked a girl, then forced to do things to me."  Erica smiled
and patted the girl hand and said "Give me you name and phone number
dear.  I will call you later and we will make your fantasy a reality.
That is if you really want to know what its like to have a female slave
eat your pussy."  The girl quickly wrote the information a slip of
paper saying "Take the panties.  No charge Mother will never miss them
." as she handed the paper and panties to Erica.  Erica read the name
and looked up as she placed the things in her purse saying "You'll be
hearing from me real soon Tracy dear."


Erica returned to the restaurant hurriedly and found Lori looking very
concerned.  Lori look relieved to see Erica saying "I didn't have any
money and you were gone so long.  I was afraid that you had abandoned
me and the manager kept looking at me.  I thought he was going to call
the cops." Erica laughed and kissed Lori on the lips, Lori looked
wildly around to see if anyone saw Erica kiss her.  She smiled happily
as Erica said "Let's go home Slave where you can show me how much you
missed me."  They made two stops before leaving the mall. One was the
jewelry store, where Lori was made to stand outside alone while Erica
picked up her purchases.  The other was a photo store where in twenty
minutes Erica had several head and shoulder pictures of Lori in hand.



Arriving home Erica had Lori rub her tired feet. While she sat with
Erica's feet in her lap she said "I don't know how I'm going to pay you
for all the nice things you bought me today."  With a horrified look on
her face she realized that she had omitted Erica's title of Mistress in
her enthusiasm.  She recovered by quickly saying "Thank you again
Mistress for being so kind to me."  Erica smiled to herself and swung
her legs around and sat up and took Lori by the wrist. Not letting go
she said "Kneel before me Slave I have something very special for you."
Lori sank to her knees and hug her head in submission.  Erica spread
her legs and placed Lori's hands on the slightly spread knees saying
"but first I need to cum, remove my panties and suck my cunt until I
explode darling."   Lori meekly ran her hands under the skirt while
Erica lifted her hips off the couch.  Lori grasp the waist band of the
flimsy material and pulled the panties down Erica's legs and over her
feet.  Lori licked her lips and slowly brought her face between the now
spread thighs of her Mistress.  As Erica's fingers brushed her cheeks
she extended her tongue and licked up and down the lips of Erica labia.
Erica hands were now behind Lori's head and was gently pushing her face
deeper into her pussy.  She whispered "OOHH Baby your tongue feels so
good!" She released Lori's head and began to fondle her own tits saying
"Spread my pussy lip and tongue fuck my hole baby. Get it really deep.
I need this climax really bad." As Erica became more excited and her
moans of passion increased Lori was pleased with her self thinking "she
taste so sweet.  I could do this forever."  Erica was now getting close
to her orgasm her.  Her breath was ragged and her nipples were fully
erect.  She could feel her juices bubbling from her cunt.  She ordered
"Tease my clitty.  Take me over the edge Slave!  Make me spend in you
mouth".  Lori redoubled her effort and soon felt Erica tense then buck
wildly and her mouth was flooded with sweet tasting pussy cream,and she
could hear the now dying shriek's of passion.  Lori gently kissed and
caressed Erica's thighs before kneeling back and licking her lips
savoring the taste of her Mistress.  When Erica finally opened her eyes
Lori laid her head on Erica's damp pubic mound and cried out "I LOVE
YOU!!  I LOVE YOU MISTRESS!  MORE THAN ANYTHING IN THE WORLD!!!!"

Erica responded by saying "I'm glad that you adore me Slave. I want you
to see what you will wear around your neck permanently when your Slave
Training is over."   Lori's eyes open in disbelief as she stares in the
box from the jewelry store.  It contains a three inch wide gold choker
with a huge blue sapphire.  Erica removes the choker and places it
around Lori's neck saying "Yes it was well worth the thirty five
hundred. The sapphire really compliments your eyes.  Its engraved on
the inside would you like to see?"  "OOHHH Yes Pleaseee Mistress." Lori
cried.  She could not believe that Erica would spend so much money on
something like that for her.  Erica show the inside of the choker to
Lori.  It was inscribe "SLAVE LORI S.  PROPERTY OF MISTRESS ERICA R."
Erica puts the choker back in the box and goes to the bar where she
presses a hidden button.  The mirror behind the bar slide back to
reveal a large safe.  Once the choker is locked away she pours herself
a brandy and turn to Lori saying "I want you to undress now darling
then we can go to the play room where I will fit you with your training
collar and cuffs.  Then after you are properly attired and restrained
we will see just how sensitive and responsive you breast are to certain
stimuli.  While we are doing that I will explain some of the things you
will be expected to do.  Now hurry and get naked baby."

After making the girl put wrist and ankle cuffs on herself.  Erica
placed a three inch wide leather collar around Lori's throat and then
clipped a dog leash onto the d-ring set in the collar.  She led the
girl to a leather covered examination table complete with stirrups, the
kind that you would find in a doctor's office.  Lori looked beautiful
strapped to the examination table so exposed and vulnerable.  Her
velvet skin in such contrast with the harsh black leather of her bonds.
Erica standing between the splayed thighs was gently caressing the
silken skin with her finger tips.  She lean down and kisses Lori's
inner thigh repeatedly knowing that in a little while these satin
thighs will feel the kiss of a another kind.  The searing kiss of pain
from the birch switch that was soaking in the corner.  Lori's sexy blue
eyes were shining with excitement and fear at the same time.  She
timidly ask " Mistress what are you going to do to me.  Pleaseee don't
hurt me Pleaseee.  I'll do what every you want Pleasee."   I have been
lenient with you up till now but you must learn Slave that you belong
to me body and sole. You are my personal property I will decide what is
best for you.  I care about you!"  Erica kissed her now damp vagina
lips before saying "You will learn that pain and pleasure go hand in
hand for a submissive.  You will feel pain but at the same time you
experience incredible sexual pleasures.  I would never allow my most
treasure possession to be permanent damaged.  Although you should feel
proud to wear the welts that I will put on you lovely body.  Wait and
see darling.  Go with your submissiveness.  What I do to you will
really turn you on if yourself go.  Trust me baby!"  While teasing
Lori's nipples to erection, Erica explained that starting tomorrow Lori
was to strip naked in the foyer.  She was to put her cloths in the
small wicker basket next to the door, when she entered the house.
Pinching the nipples very hard she said "You will stay naked unless I
tell you to put something on and you are not to touch your own breast
or pussy unless I given permission to do so.  In fact you must ask
permission to even go to the bath room.  Is that clear my little
Slave."  A light was flashing somewhere in the room as I started to
respond.  Mistress tells me it is the telephone and that I should think
about what she has said.  Erica leave the play room and
I lie there thinking "she called me a prized possession, she cares
about me.  Does that means she love me.  I hope so because I know that
I love her.  The way she makes me feel and the things she does to my
body are incredible.  She would never really hurt me."

Erica stormed back into the room screaming "You lying bitch!  That was
Dugan the investigator that works for me.  I sent him to your home town
to find out a few things about you.  It seems you are a runaway and the
cops are looking for you.  You are just a sophomore in high school and
only just turned sixteen three weeks ago.  Lori begins to cry
stammering that she had to get away and that the rest of her story was
the truth.  She cried out "I was raped and forced to suck my Uncle cock
.  Pleaseee Erica don't send me back. I'll just run away again.  I
known you love me. Let me stay here with you.  I will do anything you
want.  Pleasee don't make me go back Pleaseeeeee!"  Erica mutters DAMN
and leaves the room.  She is gone a very long time and Lori muscles
begin to cramp up.  When Erica finally returns she tells Lori's that
she must be punished severely for lying and that if she agrees to
finish high school she will see to it that she never has to see her
Uncle again.  Lori quickly agrees.  Erica tells her that her punishment
will be five lashes to her cunt with the birch switch.  Erica gets the
birch and stand between Lori's spread thighs.  She lays the tip of the
switch between the lips of Lori's pussy and slowly bring the switch up.
There is fright in the girls eyes.  The switch arc downward and the
shrieks were defeating.  Erica waits until the contortions have ended
and the screams have subsided to a whimpering moan.  Then she ask "do
you want a gag Slave?"  Lori begs "PLEASEEEEEEEE Mistress don't hit my
pussy again.  I didn't mean to lie to you. OOOOOOHHHHHH PLEASEEEE DON'T
whip me on the cunt anymore.  I want every do it again.  I'll be good I
promise."  The pleading stops as Erica put a ball-gag in Lori mouth.
As Lori continues to babble through the gag, Erica fastens another
strap around Lori's waist then retrieves the switch from the floor.
Gently Erica puts a ice cold wash cloth on Lori's cunt to ease the
burning pain.  As Lori pleads with tear filled eyes to be spared  Erica
says "I am going to do what a Mistress should never do.  I will give a
Slave a choice.  I will untie your hands and you will hold you pussy
lips open and receive one more stroke of the switch or you can remain
tied and I will whip your cunt four more times.  What will it be Lori.
Nod you head yes if you want the one stoke.  Lori's freezes in her
bonds and her eyes get very large with disbelief.  Erica waits for her
Slave to decide.  Lori lays very still before she franticly nods her
head up and down.  Erica removes the wash cloth and unties her hands.
Standing between the spread legs she waits.  Lori slowly bring her hand
toward her crotch.  As tears run off her cheeks she uses the fingers of
both hands to spread the lips of her pussy open.  It is obvious she is
turned on.  Her clit was erect and exposed.  Erica lays the switch
directly on Lori's clitoris.  Lori's closes her eyes as the switch is
pulled back but instead of the pain she is expecting she feels Erica's
soft wet tongue touch her throbbing clitty.  Her eyes fly open wide as
Erica teases the tasty nub .  With a final lick Erica slides up the
prone body and kisses the tears away saying "I'm very proud of you
baby!  You were very brave and submissive to hold your darling vagina
open like that knowing that I would hit your clitoris.  Because you
showed the right attitude your punishment is over.  I will allow you to
have an orgasm now.  But you must obey me always and never lie to me
again." Erica kisses her way back down to a now dripping pussy all the
while she continues to caress and play with Lori's tits.  After eating
Lori to orgasm she releases her from her bonds.  Lori lays there
floating back to reality as Erica rubs a healing ointment into her
crotch.  As Lori's opens her shinning eyes Erica said "Lets go upstairs
darling.  After you give me my bath we can cuddly and talk.  We have to
figure someway for me to become your legal guardian.  We don't want the
cops or the courts to send you back to your aunt and uncle now do we my
beautiful little slave."

Once settled in bed Erica tells Lori that she will send Dugan to
confront her Uncle. "If things go right I will be give custody of you
or Uncle Richard will go to jail as a rapist and child abuser" Erica
beams.  Rolling over on her stomach Erica places a pillow under her
hips elevating her ass, she tell Lori to go get the coconut oil that
she wants a message while she makes a few phone calls.  When Lori
returns from the bathroom Erica is already taking on the phone.  She
hears Erica say "Come by the office in the morning, and you are to tell
the bastard that he signs or he will spend forty fucking years behind
bars.  I want her and I'm going to have her. That all there is to it!"
Lori's eyes fill with tears of happiness and joy, Erica really does
care about her.  As Erica slam's down the phone Lori rushed her saying
"I LOVE YOU MISTRESS, I WILL DO ANYTHING YOU WANT, PLEASE TRAIN ME TO
BE THE PERFECT SLAVE YOU ALWAYS WANTED."  Giving Lori a long French
kiss while caressing her delightful body she finally replied "You will
be the submissive you were born to be but a Slave must be watched over
twenty four hours a day.  Go get my purse I'm going to call Tracy that
sales girl we met at the lingerie shop.  I talked to her while we were
at the mall.  I could train her to be a Mistress, she has dominate
traits, that way she could look after you will you are in school and on
weekends we both could dominate you." "Noooooo  Pleaseee Mistress  I
don't like her.  I only want you!  It would be to embarrassing and
humiliating.  Pleaseee don't let her be a part of what we do together."
Lori whined.  Erica responded "A Slave does not question the wisdom of
her Mistress.  Now go and get my purse or it down to the play room for
another taste of my switch."  Lori definitely did not want to feel the
switch in such a delicate place again so soon.  Running down stairs she
returned with the purse.  As Lori watch her dial the number Erica
reminded her that she was suppose to be giving her a message. While
rubbing Erica's shoulders and back with the sweet smelling coconut oil
she listen to Erica side of the conversation.  "Tracy darling this is
Erica R.  I was in your mother's shop this afternoon with my little
Slave Lori do you remember me dear.  Good!  Do you recall our little
talk while Lori was in the restaurant.  Excellent darling!  May I ask
what high school you go to?  You will be a freshman at Franklin High
this year.  That's on Grant Street isn't it dear.  Yes Lori will be
going there this fall its only two blocks from here.  Hold on a minute
darling I'll ask her."  Erica looks over her should and ask "You will
be a sophomore? "  Lori begs "Pleaseeee don't make me take orders from
and obey a girl who is younger than I am Pleaseee.  Pleasee Mistress."
Erica looks at her sharply and says "don't forget to kiss my ass cheeks
respectfully before you coat my bottom with that oil."  Returning to
the phone Erica continues "Yes! she giving my ass a lovely massage
right now.  Yes dear that why I called.  Do you work in your mother's
shop full time?  Then you have plenty of time to pursue your fantasies.
Would you like to help me train Lori? I could show you how to be a
Mistress and you could be in charge of Lori while you are both at
school.  Fine darling!  Why don't you come by Friday afternoon and plan
on staying the night.  You and I have a lot to talk about and little
Lori can pay homage to her new assistant Mistress."  Hanging up the
phone Erica tells Lori "Stop playing with my ass and eat me baby.  My
cunt on fire!"  Erica signs warmly as Lori's mouth touches her crotch.
Her hands cover Lori's which are kneading her breast and she whispers
"squeeze my nipples hard and get your tongue deeper.  MMMMMM I can
hardly wait until Friday! It's going to be heavenly to see you suck
Tracy's little pussy."  Lori's tongue had found her passion button and
Erica hip thrust upward and she clamps her thighs around Lori head.  In
a few moments Erica screams "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH THAT IT SLAVE. DON'T
LOSE A DROP OF MY PRECIOUS CUNT HONEY!"  When Erica breathing had
returned to normal Lori was still gently licking her sticky outer pussy
lips.  Erica pulls the girl up beside her and kissed her deeply.  Lori
whispers "Mistress are you really going to share me with this girl
Tracy."   Erica sigh "Yes Slave but first I must introduce you to
bondage and restrains.  You have yet to feel nipple clamps on those
adorable nipples.  You do want to make me proud of you when I show
Tracy what a beautiful and obedient Slave I own don't you?"  Lori did
not answer but hugged Erica tightly.


                            To Be Continued