From ???@0x00004610 Thu Nov 06 05:36:57 1997
Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!news-out.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!206.229.87.25!news-peer.sprintlink.net!news-pull.sprintlink.net!news-in-east.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!Sprint!207.178.62.6!news.wolfe.net!not-for-mail
From: Erostory <erostory@anon.nymserver.com>
Newsgroups: alt.stories.erotic,alt.sex.stories
Subject: Erostory
Date: 5 Nov 1997 19:24:40 GMT
Organization: the Nymserver (admin@anon.nymserver.com)
Lines: 295
Message-ID: <63qh5o$f71$1@sparky.wolfe.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: shaman.lycaeum.org
Return-Path: Erostory <erostory@anon.nymserver.com>
X-Note: This message was posted by a secure email service.  Please report MISUSE OR ABUSE of this automated secure email service to <abuse@anon.nymserver.com>.
Xref: newsfeed.san.rr.com alt.stories.erotic:9591 alt.sex.stories:114782
Status: N




                            MODEL SEX SLAVE
				PART II
			       BY REAVAN	

She got there at nine fifteen. Marg opened the door and let her in. "I'm
sorry the traffic was murder."

"Never mind Diana, come in. Listen ,I'm in a conference call right now. As
soon as I'm done we'll talk. Your room is down the stairs, go left to the
last curtain on the left." She walked down the stairs into a large room that
looked like a combined office exercise gym with a hardwood runway down the
center. She turned left into a hallway with three door openings on the left
and three on the right. All the doors had curtains on them, except the
second on the right which had a door on it and a sign saying boys & girls.
The curtains on the right doors were open. One was a large room with an open
shower, a bath tub, a hot tub and a washer and dryer.. The second was full
of clothing racks and one wall of shelves and drawers. She drew the curtains
to her room. There were a twin bed a dresser, a make up table with a large
mirror, some chairs and two footstools. There was one small window high on
one wall. On the dresser sat a small TV and a VCR. The floor was thickly
carpeted. She opened her bags and hung her clothes in a small closet and put
her undies and things in the dresser.

Suddenly a voice came over a speaker on the wall. "Diana undress yourself
and shower, you will find a shower cap and everything else you need in the
bathroom. When you are finished there are high heeled slippers in the
clothing room. You will then come upstairs wearing only the slippers." Diana
followed her orders to the letter and  headed, without a stitch on, for the
upstairs 15 minutes later. 

She entered a sumptuously appointed living room where Marg sat on a couch,
dressed in a short elaborate lace  housecoat, barely covering her long
shapely legs and exposing a long cleavage.  She was still on the phone and
she motioned to Diana to sit next to her. They embraced while the
conversation continued, stealing kisses when Marg  was listening. Diana
cooed with pleasure sitting there totally naked, with the woman with whom
she would have her first sexual experience. Marg pointed at her belt and
motioned to Diana to undo it. She untied it and opened the short garment
exposing Margs large breast and  large thick red bush. She then indicated to
lift one breast with her nearest hand and suck on the large raspberry nipple
after which she took a hold of Diana's other hand and pushed it into her
vagina.  Diana, gingerly probed her mistress's vagina with her finger tips,
while kissing and sucking the large nipple. Marg spread her milky white
thighs to accommodate the exploring  black fingers while massaging the nape
of Diana's neck. Diana discovered her clitoris and inner labia looking  down
in astonishment at the huge floppy  inner lips. She pulled gently on one,
amazed that she could lift it out more than an inch from the outer lips she
had always thought that her own smooth labia were the norm.

Marg just then finished her call and placing a finger under Diana's chin
raised her faced to hers, kissing her passionately.  Diana was still holding
her labia pulling  it gingerly. "Surprised, Sweety" she whispered looking
down at her probing hand as she moved her lips to nibble on Diana's  earlobe
and then to her neck.

"Well, I've never seen another woman's vagina, Ma'am. I thought every one
was like mine."

"Most are, my labia is unusually large and  I want you to refer to me as
'Mistress' from now on."

"Yes, Mistress." Marg began to fondle her breast while Diana continued to
exploring Marg's  vagina.

"Enter my  vagina  slave."

"Yes mistress," she cooed with pleasure, at being told what her new status
was.  She probed between the floppy lips until she found the orifice, slowly
inserting her middle  finger into the hot wet hole still holding the lip
between her thumb and forefinger.  Pushing  it in as far as she could she
stopped as  Marg began vaginal contractions. She then began moving her
finger in and out in time with the contractions, jerking the lip with it.

"Oh, you do that well, ummm good, they French kissed. You now what it means
to be my sex slave?"

"I think so; it means that you own me and that I will submit my body to your
sexual pleasure, any time you want me to. Right?

"Yes, that is true but it also means that you belong to me, like this table
lamp for instance. You're my possession; which means that  you're are no
longer a person with your own free will. Your only purpose in life will be
to serve me and cater to my every wish. You will never have sex with anyone
else unless I order you to do so, nor will you masturbate without my
permission. I can also, if it pleases me, assign you to someone else for
sexual purposes, for an hour, a day, a month or whatever I want. Do you
understand that?"   

"Ummm, Yes, Mistress. If you order me to submit my body to someone else, I
will do it without question, because it gives you pleasure. I am your
property; my submission and obedience to you is complete. I feel strangely
warm inside when you give me orders." They kissed passionatelly as Margs
hand move to Diana's vagina. "Are you going to penetrate me now, Mistress?"

"No, that will be done with a penis someday. I'll decide  who, when and
where some other time, when I think you have made enough progress in your
sexual training."

"Oh mistress, I don't have the right to ask but please, when I am being
deflowered will you hold me and kiss me, while it's being done?"

"Of course Diana, I wouldn't have it any other way. I am not going to allow
any more question, my little sex slave. You must accept that your future is
in my hands I control your life completely. From day to day, even hour by
hour, you won't know what you will be ordered to do next. Just remember,
that your submission must be absolute. You will submit you body for sexual
intercourse to me, or if I decide to someone else, without hesitation, the
instant I give the order, any time of day or night. Remember that it doesn't
matter who that person is, what they look like, what race or what age. When
I assign you to someone else, that person will own you and has the right to
use you for his or her sexual enjoyment, until you are returned to me. You
will satisfy the sexual desires of that person, performing any sexual act
ordered. You will be totally at his or her mercy. You must submit yourself
totally in every sex act, no matter who you are assigned to. You are now in
sexual bondage and  submitting  your body to other peoples lust is your only
purpose in life"

"Oh yes, I understand mistress, I will. I'm so happy." Her voice trembled
with excitement as their lips meet and their tongues caressed.       

"Now, slave, I am taking you to bed so I can begin your practical training.
I want you to become a perfect sex slave but there is so much for you to
learn. Giving sexual pleasure is an art that can only be perfected through
repeated practical experience. Tonite you will get some of that training by
submitting your luscious Negro flesh to any sexual act I demand. In the
future I will teach you the finer details of how you give  sexual pleasure.
Put on my slippers." Diana got on her knees and kissed  her mistress's,'
feet before fitting her slippers. She helped the tall woman up, carefully
closing her housecoat and neatly tying her belt. Marg bend down six inches
to match her lips and kissed her naked black slave while gently caressing
her voluptuous virgin body. They  walked upstairs slowly, fondling each
others buttocks with one hand and  Marg fondling her slaves breasts, while
Diana fingering her mistress's vagina, with the other. Their lips locked
together, sucking, tonguing probing and licking until they reached the bed
room door.

They arrived in a huge bedroom, with a king size canopy bed completely done
with pink lacy drapes and bedding.  The decor matched Marg house coat. Diana
stopped and stared in amazement. "It's beautiful, like a Hollywood movie
set. I can't believe it," She said. while still fondling her Mistress's
white buttocks and wet  vagina.  

"Well, believe it, my little black sex object, here in this room you will
learn to satisfy my every sexual desire and here you will  loose your
virginity, when I decide the time has come."

Diana fell to her knees and embraced her Mistress's thigh, just above her
knee, kissing it passionately. "Oh Mistress, please teach me to serve and
satisfy you and whoever you assign me to." She then kissed her way up her
thigh until she got near the crotch. Marg stopped her there and ordered her
to get up.

"You are being a wicked girl in your enthusiasm to satisfy me. You must
learn that, to please me you never take the lead, unless you are told to do
so. Therefore I will now punish you." She sat down on a chair and ordered
Diana to stand between her legs and bend over slightly. She corrected her
position making her arch her back, for maximum buttock protrusion. "When
ever you are asked to present you buttocks, this is the correct position."
She then put one hand on her vagina for balance  and proceeded to spank her
black buttocks, caressing them between each smack.  She didn't hit her hard,
just enough to make it sound loud, ten times. "Now thank me for spanking you."

"Thank you. Oh thank you, Mistress, for spanking me. I'm sorry and I will
try not to  be bad  again but please spank me often. Presenting my derriere
to you like that and having you  spank it, makes me feel totally vulnerable
and helpless. Yet, I am excited to be under your control and comforted by
your touch and with each slap my desire to please you becomes stronger." 

"As your mistress and owner, I will indeed spank you many times each day and
now, my little submissive, remove my robe. "Diana untied her belt and
removed the robe draping it over a  chair. They were now both naked. "I want
you to stand on that foot stool. Good, now place your fingers on your
shoulders. There, that forces your  breasts to stand out. Shoulders back,
arched back, spread your feet about one foot, very nice posture. This is
called presenting your body  for inspection and fondling to your exploiter,
prior to possible sexual intercourse. You will not smile when this is being
done to you, rather you should look afraid  and scared in a submissive way.
You should imagine that you are a slave, being offered at a slave market. I
want you to pay attention to what I do now." She proceeded to fondle and
kiss Diana's body for about five minutes. She never touched her vagina but
stroked the flesh close to it. "She did however suck her breast and run a
finger into her crack barely touching her anus, sending an electric shock
through her virgin body. "Now we change places and you do to me, what I did
to you. " 

Diana began to fondle, kiss and caress her mistresses naked body, being
careful not to touch her vagina, since she hadn't touched hers. She also
stroked the inside of her thighs while she kissed her breasts and kneaded
her ample buttocks. She then ran a finger into her crack, touching her anus
hard by mistake. "Sorry mistress, I didn't mean to do that. She immediately
took up the spanking position. Marg stepped down and kissed her buttocks
passionately while she ran her finger in the crack to her anus. She then
bend over and told Diana to do the same to her. Diana kissed and fondled the
huge white fleshy globes presented to her. She fingered the crack barely
touching the anus. Diana then again presented her posterior for a spanking.
"Please Mistress," she said with a sweet sorrowful expression on her face. 

"OK you little twerp, you'll get your spanking."  She gave her five loud
slaps and Diana thanked her profusely and kissed her. "Now Diana, I want you
to lie down on the edge of the bed with your feet on these two chairs." She
arranged the chairs and Diana took up the position ,with her black cheeks
hanging over the edge as instructed. "Spread you thighs more. That's good.
This is position is called, maximum show." She sat down on a chair in front
of  Diana's exposed crotch and enjoyed  the view. "Beckon me to come and
lick your vagina, slave." Diana wasn't sure what she meant but she started
to contract and relax all the muscles in her lower body. "Excellent, keep
doing that. Move your buttocks up and down. Caress your breasts, that's it,
faster now. Look at me, blow me kisses, you want my tongue don't you. Diana
began to gasp and moan, her vagina was soaking wet in anticipation of a
tongue licking her clit. She didn't have to wait long. Marg could barely
restrain herself but she wanted to sit and enjoy her latest conquest.
Diana's motions were begging her to eat her out and she wanted to do that,
as much as her slave wanted to be eaten. 

She dropped to her knees and cupped Diana's ample black cheeks with her
hands, burying her head in her delicious virgin crotch. Diana's  thighs
unconsciously clamped around her  mistress's head and she screamed with
pleasure as her vagina was licked and sucked by and expert in the art. She
climaxed almost instantly covering her mistresses face with her juices. Marg
then told her to lick it of her face, which Diana did with relish. After
that they exchanged places.

Marg spread her thighs wide, exposing her hot wet crotch to her young
pupil, who seemed to have an obsession with her vagina. Diana, even after
having had one orgasm a few minutes before, became hypnotized with the sight
before her and  the realization that she would finally  be able to bury her
face in it and satisfy her mistress.  Marg, who was sure now that she was a
nymph, teased her, rotating and twisting her body, opening  and closing her
orifice. "Do you want to eat me out, slave?"  

"Oh Mistress please, you  torture me but I like that because it give you
pleasure" Diana was now gasping for air. She began so shake, her whole body
and mind  focused only on the matted hairy object in front of her. She could
see the  large draping labia and the orifice. She knew better than to make a
move before she was ordered, specifically to start. Marg could barely
control herself. She had waited since late afternoon, when she first met
Diana to have this innocent young beauty dive into her crotch. That same
crotch was now burning with desire for her young slave's mouth.

"Eat me slave." Diana let out a moaning shriek of pleasure as she dropped to
her knees cupped her mistresses huge buttocks and drove her face wildly into
her juicy hot vagina. She licked and sucked madly, moaning loudly at the
same time. Marg was now in seventh heaven her orifice contracting rapidly as
Diana's tongue darted in and out. She dug her fingers in to Diana's hair and
directed  her face into her crotch where she wanted it. Unable to delay the
inevitable, she climaxed, pouring out her love juice on the young, pretty
black  face. Diana deliriously sucked and swallowed  the flood of nectar as
it flowed out of her Mistress and into  her mouth, her own pussy burning and
running wet in an unassisted  climax.  She then pulled Diana up and kissed
her feverishly, their bodies becoming one as they crawled to the pillow
savoring the satisfied feeling. There they rested their sweaty bodies,
embracing each other. Their legs intertwined kissing and sharing the vaginal
juices remaining in Diana's mouth.

They rested for an hour and Diana was asleep when suddenly lying on her back
she woke up when something was tickling her nose. She soon realized that her
Mistress was sitting on her face, rubbing her vagina on it. She began
licking and sucking the sticky wet hairy crotch, as her mistress fondled her
breast. Marg picked up her one hand and placed it on her own breast, she
Diana's other hand was placed on her vagina, ordering her to masturbate.
After a few minutes Marg shifted her body in to the sixty-nine position and
the two women sucked each other. Diana climaxed quickly but continued to
wield her tongue, in  the many folds and crevices of her mistress's
delicious wet pussy.  Eventually she was rewarded with that inevitable
discharge of  juice, as it poured onto her face and into her eagerly sucking
mouth.

TO BE CONTINUED 

Authors note:
Please remember that my story is pure fiction, at least from my life's
experience. I doubt that there are very many people in this world, who are
willing to submit totally and unquestionably, as some of my characters do.
If you should find someone who has those qualities, please let me know,
(JUST KIDDING).  In your real, life remember, that NO, means simply that:  -
NO -  !!! This applies especially to women ,  who are by nature, sometimes
very persistent.  ;- )   

For constructive criticism send email to:   < Erostory@anon.nymserver.com > 











		

