First let me point out that I did not write any of the stories
I will be posting. They were written by Eros, an Australian
author, who distributed his stories via the Blue Room BBS. That
BBS was closed about a month ago by the Australian thought police.
While I am unaware of Eros' personal situation, I know that
the BBS is down, probably permanently.

Eros does not mind distribution of his files, as long as he is
given his due credit, so please do not delete his name from
these files if you plan to upload them.

Some of these stories are rather long, and there are quite
a few of them, so I have taken the liberty of zipping
the entire collection and encoding them. If you don't have
many of the stories, and want them in one lump (and you know how to
download and decode a uuencoded file), I'd suggest getting the zipped
file. Otherwise, get the ascii versions.

It seems that whenever I do a posting, someone (usually several
someones) request that I mail them the entire series, as if
NOTHING got through to them. If you are one of these individuals,
please don't bother: I gave up on that a long time ago. In fact,
since it invalidates the whole reason for adult access requirements,
I will not e-mail any files that might be considered obscene
to anyone I don't know, so please don't ask.


DISCLAIMER: These stories are all of an erotic nature, and are graphic.
They contain descriptions of incest and some pedophilia. If this
bothers you, don't read them or download them.

If you are underage for your community, or if by doing so you would
be committing any kind of crime, please do not read or download
these files.

You have been warned!
















Filename: DAUGHTRS.TXT
Title: Two Loving Daughters
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                          TWO LOVING DAUGHTERS
                               (by Eros)

    I was single again. After twenty years in what can only be described
 as a disastrous marriage, I had separated from my wife. For the time
 being I was staying with my two daughters who had just rented a big new
 apartment together. An apartment which, luckily for me, just happened to
 have an extra bedroom.

    One night, I was up late with my daughters, just fooling around in the
 living-room, reminiscing. We were sitting on the couch, talking about the
 good old times. I looked at them and felt proud. They had grown up to be
 two beautiful young women. Lynn was nineteen, Jenny a year younger.
 They both worked at a nearby hair salon and had decided to get a place
 together so they could save up some money and maybe put a down payment on
 a house. They said that one day they'd each probably get married, but
 that day was a long way off.

    Until then, they wanted to enjoy their independence. And, although
 they didn't say this to me, I'm sure they wanted to enjoy a range of men
 and have some experience before settling down with one. In my view, that
 was wise. For I knew the pitfalls of settling down with the first girl
 you ever sleep with. In my case it was a mistake a big one. And I didn't
 want my daughters to make the same mistake as I had.

    They were beautiful. Both of them were slim and athletic, like their
 mother. Jenny had long strawberry-blonde hair, while Lynn was darker
 and had recently cut her rich chestnut-colored hair in a cute shag. They
 had always been cute even as children. But now, all grown up, they were
 absolutely stunning! They both had picture-perfect faces and gorgeous
 figures, the sort men go to sleep at night dreaming about, usually with
 their fists wrapped around their cocks.

    Jenny had her arm around my shoulder and Lynn had her hand on my
 knee as I was telling them about my marriage troubles and how their
 mother made it so difficult for me to finally leave her.

    "We love you, Dad," Lynn said. "It's good thing that you and Mom
 split up. You're such a masculine, attractive man and Mom was the
 original ice queen."

    "Yeah, she's always treated you real bad. She never appreciated you,"
 Jenny added looking over at her sister, "like we do, Dad."

    "You and Mom didn't fuck much, did you Dad?" Lynn asked boldly.

    "No. She was beautiful but never very sexual," I said.

    They looked at each other and smiled, acknowledging that they had
 guessed this about their mother all along.

    "And you, Dad." Jenny grinned. "I bet you were always horny."

    I laughed. What Jenny said was absolutely true, but I wondered where
 this conversation was leading.

    "Poor Dad, his big 'ol cock hard all the time and Mom probably always
 kept her legs shut whenever he got close."

    My daughters sure had gotten the tone of my marriage right. Then I
 noticed Jenny and Lynn sharing an odd look and to my utter amazement
 Lynn's hand, which had been resting on my knee, began to slide up my
 leg until it was right over the crotch of my pants! I looked back and
 forth at my daughters, unsure of what was going on or how I should react.
 They were beautiful young temptresses who could easily arouse any man,
 but I was their father!

    "Dad, we want to show you just how much we appreciate you," Lynn
 said. "Jenny and I have been talking and we finally confessed something
 to each other we've known all along."

    "What's that, hon?" I asked nervously.

    "That you really turn us on, Dad," Jenny said. "And that you have for
 a long, long time. To tell you the truth, Dad, we've both had fantasies
 of making love with you."

    "But.. but, isn't that incest?" I asked stupidly.

    "Yeah, Daddy," Lynn said with a devilish little grin. "But you know
 what they say, don't you? Incest is best!"

    Jenny laughed and playfully slapped her sister. I didn't know what to
 say or do, but the way Lynn was massaging my crotch had my cock harder
 than an iron bar. And Lynn could obviously feel that. As forbidden as
 what they were proposing was. I couldn't deny that I now found both my
 daughters immensely arousing. They nuzzled up against me, their sweet
 feminine fragrance making my head spin. Lynn unbuckled my belt and
 slowly pulled down my zipper. Jenny gazed, mesmerized, as her sister
 took off my pants and pulled off my undershorts. My cock sprung up,
 straight, hard and exposed.

    My mind was reeling in a mix of emotions... raw sexual excitement,
 embarrassment at being so exposed before my daughters, guilt at whether I
 should be in this situation at all! But Jenny and Lynn quickly put
 both the embarrassment and guilt to rest as they eagerly grabbed hold of
 my cock and my balls. While Jenny licked my earlobe, Lynn thrust her
 hot tongue in my mouth. I kissed her like no father is supposed to kiss
 his daughter... hot, hard and passionately.

    Jenny was busy unbuttoning my shirt. Once she had it open she pulled
 it off my shoulders and flung it off. Then, nuzzling her mouth against my
 bare flesh, she slid tongue downwards over my chest and stomach until her
 mouth was right over my raging cock. She looked up at me, a look of
 tenderness mixed with raw sexual hunger in her deep blue eyes.

    "Oh, Daddy! I've wanted to do this for so long!', she groaned.

    Jenny engulfed my cock with her mouth and began to suck me. My head
 spun, I almost felt dizzy. My youngest daughter was sucking my cock while
 her gorgeous sister gave me a hot, soul-searching tongue-kiss! I still
 couldn't believe what was happening. If this was a dream, I wished I
 would never wake up!

    Lynn pulled her moist, red lips from mine and joined her sister at
 my crotch. With a sexy grin, Jenny handed my cock over to Lynn who
 began to suck it even more hungrily than her little sister had. I closed
 my eyes and took in the delicious sensations of two sets of lips on my
 cock as my daughters, together, licked every inch of my rock-hard shaft
 and balls. Then, while Lynn took as much of my cock into her pretty
 little mouth as she could manage, Jenny pulled my butt to the edge of
 the couch so she could spread my cheeks and slide her tongue up into my
 crack to lick my asshole.

    "Oh, wow!" Lynn said, pulling her mouth off my cock with a loud
 slurp. "You're rimming Dad's ass! I remember how you said you really
 wanted to do that to him."

    "Want some too, Sis?", Jenny asked, pulling away from my asshole

    "You bet!" Lynn said enthusiastically, digging in for a taste while
 her sister took over the cocksucking chores.

    Suddenly, as if on some prearranged signal, my daughters pulled back
 and stood up. For a moment they stood there looked at me, licking their
 lips, lips which just seconds ago had held my cock between them. Then,
 seductively, they took off their clothes. It was one thing seeing their
 shapely bodies clothed in tight dresses or even bikinis, but it was
 something else to see them completely nude. My cock twitched as I watched
 my two gorgeous young daughters strip off before me. They made a
 production out of it, Jenny pulling off Lynn's tight, white panties
 and then Lynn doing the same for her sister.

    At last they stood before me completely nude. My cock was twitching
 involuntary jerk as I surveyed their firm, young breasts, long creamy
 thighs and the plump, hairless mounds between. Hairless!!??? Shit! I
 looked again. Yep, no doubt about it, both my daughter's cunts were as
 bald as a baby's bottom. Except for the firm, round tits they looked like
 a couple of twelve-year-olds standing there.

    "Jesus!", I said under my breath.

    "Do you like our pussies, Daddy?", Jenny said spreading her legs for
 me. "We keep them shaved because it's so much more fun to eat a nice
 hairless pussy, right Lynn?"

    "Oh, yeah", agreed her sister, running her fingertips sensuously
 through her moist, pink cuntlips.

    Without any hair to conceal the opening, I could see right up into my
 daughter's glistening slit as she spread her cuntlips with her fingers.

    "Oh, God! That's gorgeous, baby!", I moaned, reaching for my throbbing
 prick. It was so hard right now, a cat couldn't scratch it.

    With a giggle they started hugging each other, pressing their naked
 bodies against each other, and kissing. Not sisterly little pecks on the
 lips either, but with mouths open and tongues thrusting. And, from the
 way that they went at each, I knew that this wasn't the first time they'd
 done this sort of thing together either.

    "Y.. you two do it with each other often?" I stammered.

    "Sure, Dad! All the time!" admitted Lynn boldly. "Jenny and I have
 been fooling around with each other for a long time. That's one reason we
 got a place together. And then when we heard you were splitting up with
 Mom and needed a place to stay for awhile, we talked and said you should
 stay here. One thing let to another, and soon we were talking about how
 we were going to seduce you."

    "Well, I guess you succeeded," I said as they laughed sweetly,
 fondling my cock and my balls.

    Then they stood up and led me to the bedroom. I watched their tight
 little bodies jiggle as they walked ahead of me, wondering if I had died
 and gone to heaven.

    I lay down on the bed and watched excitedly as my daughters wrapped
 their arms around each other and kissed passionately. I watched as Lynn
 began fondling Jenny's tits. Jenny reached down between her sister's
 legs and stroked her fingers up through Lynn's hairless slit, bringing
 a low muffled moan from her sister. Then with practiced ease, they
 changed. Jenny squeezing Lynn's pert little tits while Lynn returned
 the favour by rubbing Jenny's bare, juice-filled little pussy. They were
 getting very, very hot and their hairless young cunts were leaking
 visibly by the time they parted. Each girl lifted her glistening fingers
 to her lips and tasted the other, their eyes fixed sensually on each
 other. Then Jenny reached out and offered me a finger she hadn't cleaned
 off yet.

    "Want a taste too, Daddy?" she grinned.

    I leant forward eagerly and sucked her finger into my mouth, savouring
 the delicious, musky flavour of Lynn's aroused cunt on Jenny's sticky
 digits. It was intensely erotic, licking my eldest daughter's cunt-juice
 from her little sister's fingers like that. Then Jenny moved back and
 the two of them stood in front of me, each doing an erotic little dance
 just for me, running their own hands over their tits and pussies, turning
 around and bending over so I could see their puckered pink assholes and
 hairless little clams from behind.

    Finally they flopped down onto the bed next to me. Jenny spread her
 legs as Lynn dived in between them with her head, lapping happily away
 at her sister's open twat. Jenny moaned loudly and clutched the back of
 Lynn's head, wantonly pressing her sister's mouth onto her pussy. I
 watched, stunned. slowly stroking my rock-hard shaft.

    "Uuuuuh, yeahhhh! Show Dad how you eat my pussy, Lynn! Show him!
 Then I'll let him see how I eat you out, Sis!"

    Soon, Jenny was shivering and moaning in orgasm as her sister's
 talented tongue brought her quickly to orgasm. Lynn lay back licking
 her lips and spread her legs for Jenny. Jenny began devouring her
 sister's pussy as Lynn writhed and twisted on the bed thrilled by the
 exquisite pleasure her sister's oral attention was providing. I couldn't
 believe how hot my daughters were. If only my wife had been half as hot,
 I'd probably still be married. Lynn's body throbbed as she convulsed in
 orgasm, and in the afterglow of her pleasure she looked over at me.

    "Did you like watching us, Dad?" she asked.

    "Oh, baby! Did I ever! You two were really a sight to behold!" I said.

    "Look how hard he is, Jenny. Why don't you do the honors and get on
 top of him. You fuck him first, okay?"

    "Not yet, let's suck his cock some more," Jenny said.

    They got on either side of my body, licking me all over, running their
 tongues down over my chest and my stomach until they were again down at
 my cock.

    "Wow, you're so hard! You have a really big prick, Daddy!" Jenny
 said, trying to get her fingers to meet around the thickness of my
 straining cockshaft. Lynn wrapped her slightly bigger hand around it
 too and found that even her fingertips only just touched. Then she
 lowered her face and took the fat cockhead into her mouth. Jenny joined
 her and again they devoured me, one sucking my cocktip while the other
 licked the shaft.

    "Watch this, Daddy," Jenny said, slowly taking my entire shaft, inch
 by inch, down her tight velvet throat.

    "That's Jenny's specialty, deep-throating. I can't do that, I gag."
 Lynn grinned sheepishly. My cock was completely out of sight, all the
 way down my youngest daughter's throat.

    I held her head as she moved it up and down my cock like a pro,
 sucking and licking at just the right moment so that I was soon almost on
 the verge of blowing my load.

    "Ohhhh, baby doll! You better stop now unless you want my cum
 squirting down your gorgeous throat instead of into your hot little
 pussy!", I warned.

    "Come on Jenny, lets fuck Dad now," Lynn said.

    "Okay," Jenny said, coming up for air.

    She climbed on top of me and straddled my hips, positioning her bald
 little pussy directly over my throbbing erection. Lynn reached in
 between out bodies and grasped my cock, directing it at her sister's
 drooling fuckhole. With a lusty, savage grunt, Jenny dropped her hips
 and sank her cunt down effortlessly over the entire length of my cock,
 until I was balls-deep inside her belly. Jesus, she was tight! And hot! I
 hadn't fucked a teenage girl for almost twenty years and now I was
 fucking my own daughter!

    Actually Jenny was fucking me. She was humping her hips as she rode
 my cock, bouncing up and down on it like rodeo cowgirl. My own sexy young
 daughter was fucking me with her cunt... while her sister watched! `Oh,
 yes! There really IS a God!' I thought as I lifted my own hips up to
 thrust my cock deeper into Jenny's tight, bald little cuntslit.

    "Ooooooh, Jenny! That looks so hot, watching Dad's cock going in your
 pussy! I bet he feels good real inside you, huh?" Lynn whispered,
 fingering herself as she gazed at our meshed genitals.

    Even though she had climaxed only minutes ago, Lynn was so turned on
 by watching Jenny fuck me, she obviously needed relief fast. While
 Jenny rode my cock, Lynn leaned over to kiss me on the lips and to
 suck her sister's nipples as her tits bobbed up and down.

    "Uhhhhh! Shit! This is so dirty, Daddy!" Jenny wailed. "Fucking you
 while Lynn sucks on my nipples."

    As excited as I was, after twenty years of fucking my wife I had
 pretty good control. That and the fact that both my daughter's seemed to
 cum at the drop of a hat, meant that I was going to outlast them easily,
 so I knew Jenny could free to ride my cock as long as she wanted.

    Sure enough, after only a couple of minutes of solid fucking, Jenny
 came like a rocket, bouncing and squealing and convulsing like crazy as
 her cunt gripped my prick like a vice. Finally, when she had finished,
 Jenny lifted her leaking pussy off my cock and smiled at her sister.

    "Your turn," she said breathlessly. But before she let her sister
 mount me, Jenny bent down and gave my prick a quick suck, licking her
 own pussy-juices from my quivering shaft.

    I expected Lynn to follow her little sister's lead and straddle my
 hips as well, but she had other ideas.

    "I want you on top and fuck me, Dad," she said with a grin. "I get off
 better with a big fat cock pounding my clit from above."

    Her hairless young pussy was totally exposed to me as Lynn spread
 her legs in wanton invitation. Her slit was saturated.. no doubt from
 watching me fuck Jenny... or was that the other way round? I didn't
 care. All I knew was that my other darling little girl wanted me to fuck
 her hot little twat as well. My cock was still as hard as a rock, and I
 was only too happy to oblige.

    Without the slightest preliminaries, I plunged my cock up my eldest
 daughter's cunt and fucked her hard. She whimpered as my long, fat prick
 plumbed her gooey depths, but that only made me pound into her all the
 harder. While I was fucking Lynn, Jenny came right over and sat on her
 sister's face, feeding Lynn her pussy. Normally, it would take hours
 for my wife to achieve an orgasm, whereas it seemed that my daughters
 were gluttons for one orgasm after another!

    Jenny and I looked into each other faces, eyes blazing with
 incestuous excitement as I slammed my cock up Lynn's cunt and Jenny
 rotated her hips, grinding her pussy over her sister's open mouth.

    "Kiss me, Daddy!" Jenny panted, opening her mouth. I raised my lips
 to hers and we shared a hot, passionate kiss. I reached up to fondle her
 firm, young breasts, pinching her nipples.

    "Ooh, yeahhhh! I love to have my nipples played with, Daddy! Squeeze
 them! Pinch them hard!" Jenny hissed.

    She reached down to feel where my rigid cock was entering her sister's
 liquid cunt, running her fingers around the circumference of my erection
 and then zeroing in on Lynn's clit with a fingertip while I kept
 slamming my shaft into the heavenly hole between my daughter's
 wide-spread legs.

    With my cock fucking her cunt and her sister rubbing her swollen clit
 with a finger, we could soon hear Lynn groaning with pleasure, although
 her groans were muffled by all that soft, wet, hairless pussy-flesh that
 being pushed against her face!

    Soon Lynn's body convulsed as though she were having an epileptic
 fit, or something. Jenny and I smiled at each other, knowing that,
 beneath us, Lynn had just enjoyed one of those unbelievably intense
 orgasms women dream about.

    I kept my cock moving inside her, even after she'd cum, prolonging the
 ecstasy. Once Lynn had finished, cumming, I left my cock inside her and
 watched Jenny as Lynn resumed sucking on her sister's pussy in
 earnest. Soon Jenny was squealing and moaning too, rubbing her ass and
 cunt all over her sister's face, and I knew she had gotten off too.

    Jenny got up and pulled me off of her sister, a devilish little grin
 on her pretty face. Then, heads together, they started whispering to each
 other about something. Finally Jenny spoke.

    "Dad, there's something else we'd really like to do. Something we
 think you're going to like... a lot!" she said. There was that sexy
 little smile again.

    "What?" I asked, wondering what my horny young daughters had cooked up
 for me this time.

    "Oh, you'll find out in a minute. Just sit down and hold on to your
 cock and watch."

    Jenny got out a jar of Vaseline and unscrewed it, and as Lynn
 reached back to hold open her creamy young asscheeks, Jenny slapped a
 big dab of petroleum jelly in her sister's crack, rubbing it around all
 over her cute little asshole.  Jenny turned to me as she smeared the goo
 into her big sister's anus.

    "Lynn and me, we both love to take it up the ass. So that's what we
 want you to do to us now, Daddy. Give it to us back there, okay?" she
 said, really lubing up her sister.

    Then they switched places and Lynn greased up her little sister's
 asshole while Jenny looked back at me, smiling, loving that I was
 staring so intently as her ass was being prepared for my cock. My poor,
 aching prick was so hard I thought it would burst.

    "Put some in deeper, get your fingers inside," Jenny said as I
 watched Lynn stick her finger up her sister's tight, clinging little
 asshole.

    Then they both got on the bed next to each other, on hands and knees,
 reaching back to show off their lubed and ready assholes to their horny
 father. Both girls were smiling at me lewdly, pulling their asscheeks
 wide apart so I could see their tight, pink little assholes winking at me
 like two tiny glistening stars.

    "Me first, Daddy," said Jenny with childlike eagerness. "Lynn was
 the last one to get fucked. I'm next!"

    I got behind Jenny and rubbed my cock-knob against her slippery
 little asshole as Lynn sat back to watch.

    "C'mon, Dad!" Lynn urged breathlessly, rubbing excess vaseline into
 her little bald pussy-slit. "Stick it in her ass. Fuck her up there. Then
 fuck my butt too!"

    I slid my cock carefully into Jenny's tight, puckered little asshole.
 Even with the vaseline she felt TIGHT! I had only screwed my wife anally
 once or twice, and all she could do was to beg me to cum and pull out as
 fast as I could. But Jenny took it nice and easy and soon I was fucking
 her tender young bottom with a solid, steady rhythm, and instead of
 groaning in pain as my wife had usually done, my cute, slender little
 daughter was moaning with delight.

    "Uhhhmmmmmm! Oooohh, Daddy, this is so wonderfully dirty, having your
 cock fucking my rectum," Jenny said, turning back over her shoulder to
 smile at me wantonly.

    I fucked her hot little ass while Lynn reached under to finger her
 sister's pussy. Soon Jenny came yet again, squirming her ass around on
 my cock like crazy. It took all my control not to cum inside her hot,
 buttery young anus. Then it was Lynn's turn.

    Jenny lay beside us rubbing her sticky little slit as Lynn got on
 her hands and knees and wiggled her cute, sexy little behind at me in
 lewd invitation.

    "Fuck my ass, Daddy!" she squealed, "fuck my hot little ass and cum up
 my butt!"

    I knelt behind my willing young daughter, determined to fulfill all
 her anal desires.  My cock was greased from fucking Jenny's well-lubed
 rear-entrance, so I wasted no time at all in burying my rigid prick way
 up my other daughter's tight little asshole. Lynn gasped as I slammed
 into her jerkily for the first time, but as my thrusts became smoother
 and more rhythmical, she began to moan with undisguised pleasure, pushing
 her upraised butt back against my pistoning prick like a bitch in heat. I
 screwed Lynn the same way I had fucked Jenny, pounding away at her
 tight sexy little butt until she too climaxed loudly.

    Jenny crawled over as my cock slipped from her sister's asshole and
 popped the gleaming shaft into her hot little mouth. I was amazed. Here
 was my sweet, sexy little daughter sucking on my cock right after it had
 been up her sister's ass... and her own before that! These two hot, horny
 little sluts were unbelievable!

    I pushed Jenny onto her hands and knees again, this time with her
 head between Lynn's thighs. I was determined to cum this time and I
 wanted to watch my youngest daughter sucking her big sister's cunt while
 I pounded her tight, hairless little pussy into ecstasy and filled her
 fuckhole with sperm.

    Jenny immediately began to suck Lynn's lewdly-offered twat with a
 hunger that excited me immensely. I moved up behind my daughter's
 upraised young backside and slid my cock into her cunt. She moaned into
 her sister's twat, grinding her ass back against me as I gripped her
 slender young hips in both hands and started pumping. At this angle,
 Jenny's little cunt gripped my cock like a vice which was exactly what I
 wanted. My balls were so full, and I desperately needed to cum.

    I fucked Jenny powerfully, with long, deep strokes that repeatedly
 forced her sucking mouth down hard over Lynn's upraised snatch. Lynn
 was whimpering loudly as Jenny ravenously sucked her pussy, driving her
 tongue into her sister's juicy, wet twat with the same ferocity that I
 was using to ram my cock into Jenny's tightly-clasping cuntslit from
 behind.

    It wasn't long before I was cumming like a fountain into Jenny's hot,
 clinging twat, squirting my sperm up into her belly like I used to do to
 her mother. Only this time I was filling my youngest daughter's cunt with
 cum... and by the look of lust in her older sister's face, it wouldn't be
 long before I'd be cumming in Lynn's tight young pussy as well.... God,
 I could really get addicted to this!... I love being divorced already!

                                The End.





Filename: DATEMOM.TXT
Title: A Date With Mom
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS


                             A DATE WITH MOM
                                (by Eros!)

       My friend Tamara had told me that the only people who took out
    personal ads in our local weekly were "horny yuppies with more money
    than brains."

       However, I had recently finalized my divorce after twenty-seven
    years of marriage, and I simply didn't know how to play the modern
    dating game. Besides, I could think of a lot worse things than a man
    with a fat wallet, a lonely cock, and an empty head.

       One advertisement called to me again and again: "Good-looking
    professional, 26, who enjoys romantic encounters in dark theaters
    with mature women who remember the days of candlelight and roses.
    Let's share a bottle of fine, properly aged wine together and discuss
    our interests."

       Tamara groaned when I pointed it out to her. "Kim, you're old
    enough to be that man's mother," she said as she jabbed her scarlet
    fingernail at the number 26. It was true, alas. I didn't like to
    remember it, but my own son was exactly that age.

       "Well, he does say he likes mature women," I said.

       "Kim, to a boy of 26, 47 isn't mature, it's ancient! Either that,
    or he's looking for a sugar mama. Why don't you let me set you up
    with my cousin Brian!"

       Cousin Brian, I remembered, had hunched shoulders and looked a
    decade older than his fifty years.

       "No, thanks. Tamara. I think I'm going to check this one out."

       I sent him a cautious note, along with a photograph that showed my
    body from the neck down. Maybe I was being TOO cautious, but I wasn't
    ready to have naked photos of myself circulating around town with my
    real face or name attached! I reasoned that a good, long look at my
    lean, well-maintained figure would he enough to tell the man what he
    needed to know.

       A couple of weeks passed, and then I found a note in my mailbox
    telling me to drop by a certain club any Tuesday for the next month.
    "I'll be the one with the silver wine bucket," he promised.

       "Don't go." Tamara said. "You haven't even talked to him on the
    phone. Are you crazy!"

       "Look," I said. "We're meeting in a public place. I'll just steal
    a look at him and if I don't like what I see, I'll leave. No worries,
    right!?"

       Tamara just shook her head as I shimmied into a tight white skirt
    that she couldn't have worn since the summer of '67. It wasn't fair
    that I had such a firm, small belly since I'd had a kid and Tamara
    hadn't, but hey. That's the breaks. Anyway, I didn't need to fuss
    much with my appearance. I slicked on some coral lipstick and stepped
    into a pair of white, high-heeled sandals and I was ready to go.

       The club was moderately crowded. I scanned several busy tables for
    a minute before I saw the one in the corner where a man sat alone
    with a silver bucket and a bottle of wine. Although I was looking at
    him from behind, where I could see nothing but the blonde curl that
    hung down like an inverted question mark from the back of his short,
    thick hair. I knew it was Matthew. My own son!

       Just then he turned and saw me. Our eyes met across the crowded
    barroom floor. I remembered the sexy fantasies I'd had while
    slithering into my tight skirt, and I wasn't willing to give up the
    dream. I felt a sudden moistness in my panties as I realized how
    handsome my son really was.

       "Mom!" he said, getting up and coming across the floor. "What are
    you doing here!"

       I laughed. "Well, Matt, I guess you invited me!"

       He flushed and then laughed as I explained. Somehow we wound up
    tucked in the corner table, where a waiter materialized to pour the
    wine. I could tell from his manner that he assumed that my son was
    actually my lover, and the way I giggled when I tasted the expensive
    libation did nothing to contradict that assumption.

       "I didn't know you liked 'mature' women," I said to Matt after the
    waiter finally left.

       "I suppose I have you to thank for that." He clicked his glass to
    mine. "You're a beautiful woman, Mom. Beautiful, intelligent, and
    sexy. I've often wondered where I would meet a woman as fine as you."

       I felt flustered. We aren't a family that's much on compliments.
    Besides, Matt had suddenly slipped his hand into mine, squeezing it.
    I wasn't really surprised when he then took my hand and placed it
    gently in his lap so that I could feel his crotch. "Just looking at
    you in that skirt has me so hard, Mom," he whispered. "I need to fuck
    so bad."

       "So do I," I confessed. before I could stop myself. The feel of
    Matt's hard cock was like a drug on me. My pussy was moistening
    rapidly. I couldn't help myself. I wanted to fuck my own son!

       "I know it's wrong, Mom," me whispered. "But I want you so badly!
    Maybe I always have."

       He wrapped my fingers about the bulge in his pants and
    instinctively I squeezed his erection. I was shocked at the size and
    stiffness of his prick. I couldn't remember when I had felt a cock of
    such prodigious proportions. My pussy was itching with a need to feel
    it between my legs.

       "Come home with me, Mom." he whispered.

       My brain told me that it was wrong, but my body wasn't listening
    anymore. All I wanted right then was my son's long hard cock fucking
    my neglected pussy.

       I didn't remember much about the ride from the club to Matt's
    apartment except the speed at which the streetlights flashed past. I
    had both hands inside his pants stroking his hard, throbbing cock
    while he was driving, and I'm afraid that they may have provided
    something of a distraction.

       When we reached his apartment, soft music came on. He'd wired the
    place somehow so that it did that automatically. I was surprised at
    the subtle eroticism of the recording he'd chosen. I suppose I'd
    expected something crude and vulgar from a younger lover, even if he
    was my own son. I should have known by now that Matt was a man of
    exquisite good taste. He took me in his arms and danced with me,
    waltzing me around his hardwood floor. I kept hunching my hips
    forward, eager to feel the hard lump in his trousers rub deliciously
    against my burning pussy.

       Despite his obvious desire for sex. Matt didn't rush a thing. He
    was clearly the master of the show. When the song ended, he kissed
    me. Not the usual mother/son peck on the lips, a long, lingering
    passionate kiss that had my pussy bubbling with lust for him. He
    slithered his tongue into my mouth. I sucked it gently and then a
    little harder as I felt his hands drift down to unzip the back of my
    tight skirt.

       I tried to remember to pull off one or another of his articles of
    clothing from time to time, but I was mostly letting him undress me.
    I was highly aroused, burning from the thrill of surrendering my body
    to the touch of my very own son.

       When we were naked, I made him step back so that I could look at
    his body... just look at it. He was so beautiful! His shoulders were
    broad, his chest rippled with muscles, his belly flat, his hips
    tapered. His cock was long and thick. I was secretly afraid that I
    wouldn't be able to get all of it inside of me, but I sure as hell
    was going to have a lot of fun trying.

       "It's been a long time since I've had sex," I told him."I feel
    like a virgin with my own son."

       Matt laughed.

       "Come here, Mom!"

       He took me into his arms and kissed me everywhere. The track of
    his wet tongue created a sensuous criss-cross pattern as it traversed
    the sensitive flesh of my too-long-neglected body. I quivered,
    painfully close to orgasm and yet so terribly afraid that I couldn't
    take the blast of long-denied feeling, when he sealed his young lips
    about the small bud of my clitoris.

       "It's all right, Mom," he whispered, his warm breath tickling my
    pussy hair. "It's all right. Let go and enjoy. I'm going to make you
    feel so good."

       He opened his mouth wider, so that he could simultaneously move
    his tongue down to my cuntslit while he continued to suck gently on
    my clitty button. I bucked my hips up in total abandon. Having my
    handsome young son eating my cunt like this was so deliciously dirty
    I knew I wouldn't last long before I came all over his tongue. My
    knees wobbled. I wasn't going to be able to remain standing if he
    insisted on giving me much intense pleasure.

       But Matt was way ahead of me. Standing up, he took me by the hand
    and led me back to his bedroom. I'd never been there before, never
    stolen a glimpse at the masculine darkness of his heavy antique
    four-poster and black satin sheets. I felt as if I were going to bed
    with a stranger as my son tenderly lay me down and spread my thighs,
    eyeing of my juicy-wet cuntslit like a starving man.

       "I want to suck you too, baby," I finally said, remembering the
    incredible hardness of that wonderfully large cock of his. I was
    still afraid that I couldn't handle all of it, but I desperately
    wanted to try.

       Matt turned around on top of me and planted his knees on either
    side of my face before returning his lips to my pussy. It was the
    classic sixty-nine position, something his father hadn't much cared
    for. My son's lingual enthusiasm was infinitely better than my
    husband's dutiful slurps.

       God, it was so intoxicating to be sucking on a prick that belonged
    to a man who was simultaneously licking out my pussy! That combined
    with the fact that the tongue in my cunt belonged to my own son, to
    me, was the ultimate turnon. I'd never been so aroused in my life!

       As I sucked his long, hard cock deep into my mouth, I felt the
    deep stirrings of a long-delayed orgasm. I was so afraid that I was
    going to explode right into my son's face. But how could I hold back
    when he slipped his tongue that extra inch inside of me and pressed
    hard on some secret erogenous zone I had no idea I even possessed!
    I'd meant to show a fraction more control, but it was hopeless. I
    erupted in my first tongue-generated climax in a decade.

       When he realized that I was cumming, Matt actually grew more
    excited. I suppose he could have forced himself to re-double the
    speed of his cartwheeling tongue, but he couldn't have faked the
    sudden extra dose of steel-hard stiffness in the prick he was
    hunching into my mouth.

       My son was honestly aroused by the sweet, sticky taste of his own
    mother's cum. My own tongue had gotten a little clumsy because I had
    to keep gasping for breath around the thick plug of Matt's
    overstuffed cock. Suddenly, he went rigid above me. I recognized the
    signs instantly and reached up to grab his cute butt, pulling him
    down so that he could shoot all that lovely hot sperm deep into my
    throat.

       We rested quietly for s few minutes in that position, my son's
    half-hard cock still between my lips. I savored one of my favorite
    sexual treats, a treat I'd almost forgotten over the years.... the
    feeling of a man's prick getting hard again. It would probably be
    difficult for anyone except another woman to understand how
    powerfully excited it made me feel to know that I had my own son's
    cock swelling in my mouth at the simple touch of my tongue.

       "I want to fuck you, Mom," Matt whispered.

       I hated to let his cock slip from my mouth for even so much as a
    fraction of a second, but I knew that he wanted to hear me say it.

       "I want it too, son," I told him."'Please, Matt. Fuck your
    mother's hot pussy!  Fuck me good!"

       He raised his big, masculine body from mine long enough to turn
    himself around into the proper position between my open thighs. I
    lifted my legs up and wide as I took him in the classic missionary
    position. The hairy, swollen lips of my pussy trembled as I felt the
    head of his massive cockhead start to spread them open. Was I woman
    enough to take a man like this! My own son was hung like a stud horse
    and I was to be his filly. Would my poor, neglected cunt stretch as
    much as it needed to! Or would Matt split me in two with his
    incredibly thick weapon.

       "It's alright, Mom," Matt whispered, sensing my fear. "I know that
    I'm larger than average, and definitely much bigger than Dad, so
    let's just take it slow and easy."

       His voice was a soothing sing-song that relaxed me like he was
    hypnotizing me. My pussy stretched a little more and Matt slipped
    another inch inside of me. He never hurried. No matter how desperate
    I grew, no matter how wildly I rubbed my heels against his broad
    back, no matter how madly I whimpered into his ears, he took me a
    tantalizing inch at a time. It was the technique that another man
    might have used to fuck a woman's asshole, entering me so slowly that
    I couldn't help but open wide as my muscles ached to pull him in
    more.

       "Fuck me, Son! Fuck me, Matt! Don't hold back. Give me the whole
    thing!"

       And then he'd done it. I felt the head of his massive cock rubbing
    sensuously at the back wall of my swamp-wet pussy while my trembling
    pelvis squirmed against the flat muscle of his hard belly. The entire
    length of my son's incredible prick was buried inside of me!

       My cunt was full, fuller than it had ever been before and it felt
    wonderful. I moved with him as Matt began to fuck me with a slow,
    steady rhythm. I was being fucked by my own son! My own son's cock
    was pumping in and out of my cunt, my little boy's prick was
    stretching me, filling me, making my clit tingle and throb with the
    promise of orgasms like I'd never experienced before.

       Matt had the consummate control that I would expect, and yet had
    never received from a much older man. I quickly discovered that I
    could buck and jerk my hips beneath him as violently as I wished,
    letting myself surrender to orgasm after orgasm without restraint.

       My son just kept pumping away, and there was never a moment when I
    had to be afraid that he'd come too soon. The satin sheets were a
    soaking wet swamp that smelled strongly of jism and cunt-juice when
    we finally collapsed, my son's happy prick still inside of me.

       "Jesus, baby! Who taught you how to fuck like that!" I asked.
    sighing deeply.

       "I guess you did, Mom, since I've never fucked like that before."

       His tongue stroked the curve of my ear, and I felt my belly
    quiver. I wanted him again! I wanted my son to fuck me till I
    dropped! Soon, soon, we would be entwined in yet another deliciously
    incestuous fuck. I reached for his cock and looked up into his eyes.

       "How long can you keep this thing hard, darling", I husked, "Mommy
    wants to fuck you all night long."

       Matt slipped two fingers into my juicy, wet slit and rubbed my
    clit, a devilish grin on his handsome young features. His cock was
    growing in my hand.

       "Why don't we find out," he smiled, finger-fucking my hot hole. "I
    don't think you'll be disappointed, Mom."

       When I slipped away from his bed at dawn, I felt a pleasant ache
    deep in my pussy, but I was totally satisfied. He HAD fucked me all
    night, in every possible position, and in every possible orifice.
    Some I'd secretly longed to try, like getting a cock up my ass for
    the first time, and some I'd never even heard of, although Matt had
    obviously perfected them on some lucky young girl.

       My son was a wonderful lover, undoubtedly the most talented I'd
    ever had, and I knew that despite the fact that he was my own son, I
    simply had to continue the relationship we'd started. After sampling
    my son's talented young prick I was certain that I wouldn't be able
    to do without it for a single night.

       At work, Tamara smirked when she asked me how my date had gone.

       "Oh, you wouldn't believe it," I said. "The guy turned out to be
    my own son!"

       She laughed. "Can I say 'I told you so!'"

       "Go ahead! Say it." I said putting on a sad face.

       But I was smiling a secret smile. Tamara never suspected for a
    second that I spent a night of unbridled fucking and sucking with my
    own son!

       I wonder if I should tell her?

                                 THE END




Filename: DILDOMOM.TXT
Title: Dildo Mom
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                              DILDO MOM
                              (by Eros)


    They taught me about the Oedipus complex in my first-year psych class
 at uni, but let's get real. I didn't believe it for a second. No fucking
 way! A son actually wanting to fuck his own mother?  That was fiction...
 Shit, it was science fiction! When it came to the real world, mothers and
 sons couldn't be more distant from one another. I didn't even think of my
 mother as having any sexuality whatsoever, let alone find her sexy. At
 least not until that night when I walked in and caught her doing
 something you only see in porno films.

    She must not have expected me home for several more hours. I myself
 had planned on staying out later. After all, the girl in question had
 given me certain indications that I had taken as a sign that she was
 ready, willing, and able to screw me stupid. Unfortunately, when I made a
 move to act on that belief, the little prick-tease slapped my face and
 told me to leave. What choice did I have? When a bimbo changes her mind,
 she changes her mind. So I hightailed it back home, not having the
 slightest expectation of finding my own Mom spread out naked on the couch
 fucking a ten-inch, black dildo into her wide-spread cunt.

    I don't think she even heard me walk in. I just stood there, open
 mouthed. as I watched my mother's lazy hand slowly manipulate the
 artificial cock in and out of her juicy, hairless pussy. Yep! That's what
 I said, hairless... totally fuckin' hairless! My mother's twat was a bald
 as a baby's butt! She must have shaved it daily to get it so damn smooth.
 I couldn't even see any stubble! God, I never would have believed it, but
 staring at my Mom lying there with her legs spread open like that,
 fucking herself with a huge plastic prick, made my cock jump to attention
 real fast.

    Did I mention that she was bare-ass naked? Well, she was, so I could
 see everything, from the pink flush on her tits, to the tiny goose
 pimples on her erect nipples, to the tiny pearls of sexual sweat on her
 pussy lips as they bulged around the impossibly large dildo. She sighed
 audibly, as if comfortable with hearing herself purr from self-induced
 sexual pleasure, and then she sped up the in and out strokes of her
 black, plastic pleasure-pole.

    My nuts were already hurting from my cock-teasing girlfriend... make
 that EX-girlfriend!.. and now they were aching even more fiercely from
 the effects of watching my sexy, naked mother make love to herself like
 some hot whore in an XXX-rated movie. I don't know why I had never
 considered the fact that she might masturbate. It had been several years
 since she and Dad split up, and Mom was still a fairly young, vital
 woman. I guess it was just the old taboo that stopped me from thinking of
 her in that way. Now I stood in the frame of the doorway leading from the
 hall to the living room, my tongue hanging out all the way to my knees as
 I watched Mom fuck herself slowly and steadily with a dildo at least two
 inches longer than my personal piece of equipment.

    All at once, she gave a startled little squeal and sat up straight.
 The dildo was still deeply imbedded in her bald pussy, but most of it
 disappeared from sight as she closed her legs tight.

    "Danny!" she gasped. "What are you doing home?"

    "Mom!" I replied, gently mocking her tone. "What are you doing fucking
 yourself?"

    Her attractive face, which was still years younger than her true age,
 turned a bright beet red color.

    "I...um... I didn't think... I didn't expect you to...."

    "You should be a lot more careful, Mom. Somebody could walk right in
 and get overly excited by what you're doing... like me for instance."

    I walked up to the couch and placed a hand between her knees. She
 parted her thighs automatically, causing the huge, black phallus to pop
 back into view. There was maybe two or three inches of it sticking out of
 her hairless twat. The rest of it was buried deep inside her, and I could
 tell from the way that she squirmed her naked ass into the couch that it
 had to feel damn good.

    "You sure have a gorgeous little pussy, Mom," I whispered.

    I squatted and rubbed my face against the interior of her legs. I
 started low, around her dimpled knees, but quickly worked my way up the
 insides of her creamy thighs until I was bumping my head against the
 dildo. Mom groaned, sounding as if she were in agony, but I was sure her
 moans were the result of intense pleasure rather than pain, especially
 since her hips were making tight little circles and there was a
 glistening film of cunt-juice smeared all over her shaven crotch.

    "Uuuuhh, Danny... ", Mom gasped. "You really shouldn't be doing that
 to your own mother, sweetheart!

    I thought for a moment about the taboo were were about to break and
 had second thoughts. But then I saw the unmistakable look of lust in my
 mother's eyes and knew what I had to do, for both our sakes.  I didn't
 give a shit any more about rights or wrongs. I just reached down there
 and grabbed the hilt of the dildo to pop it out of her. The long, thick
 fake prick came out of Mom's pussy with a noisy sucking plop that made it
 obvious that she was plenty wet.

    "Let me fill you with something better, Mom," I whispered. "Wouldn't
 you like some of the real thing for a change, instead of that cold,
 plastic imitation?"

    "Oooooh, Yessssss, Darling! I always knew you were wild." she replied.

    Mom lay back down on the sofa, spreading her legs so wide that one
 foot was planted on the floor while the other was lifted up on the back
 of the couch. I stared hungrily into her moist, open pinkness as I tore
 off my clothes and knelt between her open thighs. When Mom saw the size
 and hardness of my cock her eyes lit up with delight.

    "Danny! I never knew you had such a big prick, baby!", gasped Mom,
 reaching for my throbbing manhood. "It's gorgeous!"

    "Tell me how much you want it, Mom." I grinned lewdly. "Beg for it!"

    "Ohhhhh, God! Pleeeease fuck me, Danny! Cram mommy's pussy full of
 that big fat young cock of yours, and fuck the shit out of me!"

    Undisguised passion showed plainly in Mom's lust-glazed eyes and her
 shameless enthusiasm had my prick twitching with the desire to just jump
 on top of her and fuck her, but I had other things in mind first!

    "Sure, Mom!  I'll fuck you!...  I'll fuck you alright!", I grinned
 staring hungrily at my Mom's delicious-looking twat.  "But first I'm
 gonna have me a little snack!"

    Mom shuddered with incestuous delight as she realized I was going to
 suck her pussy. I knelt between her open thighs and lowered my face
 towards her ripe, musky cunt-slit.

    "You smell good, Mom!... Real good!", I moaned, sniffing the heady
 aroma of female arousal wafting up from her steamy snatch.

    Sticking out my tongue I ran my tongue lightly up between the gaping
 lips of Mom's hairless twat, teasing her hot, seething flesh with just
 the tip. I'd never sucked a pussy with no hair on it before, and the
 novelty was a real turn on. It was like eating out a little girl.

    "Ummmmmmmmmmm!  Deeper, Danny, you little tease! Lick deeper! Really
 suck your Momma's cunt hard!"

    "Okay, Mom!", I grinned, slipping my hands under her naked, squirming
 ass, "... you asked for it!"

    I forced my mother's satiny thighs as wide apart as I possibly could
 and inserted my tongue into her juicy wet pussy, licking and sucking at
 her tortured slit like a maniac!

    "Ohhhhh! Fuck!....Jesus, Danny!... That's fantastic!", screamed Mom,
 as I snuggled my face into her smooth, succulent gash.

    In response, I nibbled at her hairless cuntlips and sucked her clit
 into my mouth.

    "Oooooooow! Yessss! Ooooh, Danny, darling!  Suck me!  Pretend it's one
 of your sexy little girlfriend's slits you're eating! Ohhhhhhhh! Fuck!
 Yesssssssss!!"

    I moaned a muffled reply into her pussy, too busy lapping at Mom's
 tasty cunt to answer properly.

    "Uhhhnnhhgg! Yes, suck Mommy's clit!....Suck it hard!", she squealed,
 shoving her cunt repeatedly up against my face. My mouth made loud, wet
 slurping sounds as I ate out my mother's quivering pussy.

    I was no novice at sucking cunt, as Mom soon found out. When a girl
 won't let you fuck her, it's the next best thing. So I'd had plenty of
 experience. I knew exactly when to lick, when to nibble, and when to suck
 real hard.  Mom's climax peaked rapidly as I tongued her clit and ground
 my chin into her wet, gaping fuckhole.

    Suddenly her mouth opened in a silent scream as wave after wave of
 intense pleasure spread outwards from her spasming cunt. She began to
 buck wildly but I held on tightly to her ass and kept my mouth plastered
 over her gushing cunt as I rode out her orgasm.

    "Ohhhhh! Fuck, Danny!...Uhhhhh! Oh, God!... I'm cummmmming!",
 screeched Mom.

    One thing I can say for my mother is that when she comes, she REALLY
 comes. I expected the neighbours to come rushing in at any moment
 thinking someone was killing her. She calmed down slowly and soon lay
 sprawled out on the couch just panting softly. I wiped my juice-smeared
 face and grinned at her.

    "Jesus, Danny! Where'd you learn to suck pussy like that, baby?",
 smiled Mom dreamily.

    "Kids these days don't just kiss and feel each other up on dates you
 know, Mom!", I grinned back.

    "Mmmmmm! I'll bet!", said Mom.

    Her eyes were on my cock sticking straight up from my hairy crotch,
 like a solid steel bar. I leant forward and ran my fingers through Mom's
 satiny cuntslit, feeling the moisture fill my palm as I cupped her juicy
 sex. She parted her legs for me, and I took the opportunity to examine
 Mom's pussy in detail. Her plump, hairless twat was a wickedly exciting
 sight. Her whole mound was still rosy and glowing from my energetic
 sucking, and her cuntlips gaped lewdly open, revealing the hot, wet
 deliciously pink flesh inside. I had never seen a more cock-hardening
 sight in my life! My Mom's cunt was just begging for a cock. It looked
 open and wet and swollen... just waiting to be fucked. I glanced up at
 Mom, and the look in her eyes made my cock swell and throb even more.

    "Come here, baby," she husked. "Time to give your horny ol' Mom some
 of that long, hard cockmeat!"

    Mom pressed the tip of my cock into the mouth of her cunt.  She used
 the fingers of one hand to spread her pussy-lips, holding them wide open,
 while using the other to position the big, flared head of my prick
 directly into the tiny opening of her cunthole. When I felt the lips of
 her cunt close tightly about my cock, I hunched downwards, and just as I
 did, Mom's hips lurched upwards.... the result was devastating! My cock
 plunged into my mother's pussy like a hot knife through butter, plowing
 so deeply into her open cunt, that my balls slapped resoundingly against
 her puckered asshole.

    "Ooooooooh, Jesus!", wailed Mom, as my cock slammed into her cunt.
 "God, you're in so deep, Danny!.. Jesus!.. Give it to me!... uhhh, yes...
 yes.... fuck hard... fuck the shit out of me!"

    It was an incredible moment for me as I stared down at my cock buried
 deeply in my own mother's cunt. At her age, I had expected Mom's cunt to
 be a bit loose, but she was surprisingly tight. My shaft filled her,
 spreading her swollen cuntlips wide.  I flexed my prick inside her,
 getting used to the wonderfully hot, tight sheath before starting to pull
 out for the first time.  As I withdrew, the lips of Mom's cunt pulled out
 around my cock, gripping it like vice.

    "Shit, you're tight, Mom!", I panted, staring at the way her cuntlips
 clasped my cock like a hot little mouth. It was almost like fucking her
 in the asshole, she was so damn tight!

    "Just fuck me, Danny!", Mom ordered, humping her hips up at me in
 frustration.

    She was obviously very horny now and eager to get this show on the
 road. I needed no encouragement to do that at all.  The pleading look on
 Mom's pretty face was all it took.

    "Jesus! I'll fuck you alright!", I gasped, slipping both hands under
 the cheeks of my mother's wiggling ass.

    I dug my fingers into her soft, firm butt and looked down into her
 wild, glittering eyes. "Hold on tight, Mom!  'Cause this is one fuck
 you're gonna remember for the rest of your life!"

    True to my word, I began to fuck Mom with long, deep, powerful
 thrusts, slamming my cock into her upthrust cunt with a savage vigour
 that made my mother squeal with ecstasy. Spurred on by her cries of
 pleasure, I clenched my ass-muscles and fucked my prick into my mother
 with all the strength I had, pounding her juice-filled cunt into a creamy
 froth.

    Mom was moaning incessantly with the deep, powerful penetration. Her
 hands were on my ass, pulling me into her crotch as I fucked her bouncing
 cunt like a demon. Soon, she began to moan louder and kind of squeal
 rhythmically. By the look on her face I knew Mom was about the have
 another powerful orgasm, so I kept on fucking her solidly, grinding the
 base of my prick against her clit. As Mom's climax overtook her, I felt
 the contractions deep within her cunt and began to fuck her harder, using
 long, deep strokes which penetrated her very womb.

    "Fuck!... I'm coming, baby!... Yes! Yes, oh fuck, yes!... I'm
 cummmmming!!", screamed Mom.

    She hunched and jerked her cunt around my pistoning cock, wagging her
 hot ass as I fucked her through a screaming orgasm. As she squirmed and
 shuddered in ecstasy beneath me, I rammed my cock hard into my mother's
 tight, spasming hole, urging her on.

    "That's it, Mom!", I panted. "Cum! Cum for me! Cum all over my
 mother-fuckin' prick!"

    "UHHHHHH! FUCK! DANNNNNNNYYYYY! OHHH, GODDDDDD! JEESSSSSUSSS!!"

    I felt my own release approaching as Mom screamed her way through
 hers. As her cunt convulsed around my cock, my balls tightened and I
 began to squirt a veritable torrent of cum deep up into my mother's
 pulsating pussy. Lights blasted in my brain as wave after wave of intense
 pleasure washed over me. I'd never come like that before, but then again
 I'd never fucked my wild, horny mother before either.

    We both lay together for a long time just holding each other and
 talked about the future. We both agreed that despite any feelings of
 guilt we may have, the pleasure we'd given each other was real and
 something which neither of us was prepared to give up.

    When my cock went limp and slipped out of Mom's cunt, she took me by
 the hand and led me to her bedroom. Needless to say, my virile young cock
 was soon throbbing stiffly again... in my mother's hot, sucking mouth. In
 all, I must have fucked her five or six times that first night. I even
 got to do something none of my girlfriends had ever let me do... fuck
 their assholes. Mom loves it! So do I... it's a lot tighter and deeper
 than her cunt and I can reach round and play with her juicy, wet puss at
 the same time.

    I haven't been dating so much since I discovered my mother's
 insatiable weakness for hard young cock. Why bother with frivolous, moody
 girls my own age when my own sexy, wanton Mom is always ready and willing
 to fuck and suck with me all night long? By the way, Mom doesn't use her
 big black dildo much either. :)

                                The End.





Filename: BILLEDUC.TXT
Title: Billy's Education
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS


                     B I L L Y' S    E D U C A T I O N
                               (by Eros!)

       After Dad left, Mom and I moved into the Condo apartment she
    received from the divorce settlement.  It was nice enough, but I was
    sixteen, and starting to feel the urges that a young boy of that age
    should start feeling. It was a city high-rise building with its own
    pool, but most of the tenants were older than I.  All my friends
    lived a good distance away, so I really only saw them at school.  I
    was a bit of a loner in a lot of ways, so it didn't bother me all
    that much.  I guess I should tell you that my name is Bill. My Mom's
    name is Lisa. We get along okay, I guess... more so now Dad is gone.

       I spent a lot of time at home except for a part-time job that I
    had delivering groceries for the market on the first floor of the
    building. I sort of enjoyed the pool, so I spent a lot of time down
    there.  It was late spring, and warm enough already for swimming.  I
    usually went for a dip when I came home from school just before I
    went down to the market to start my job.  There were a few women
    there, and I enjoyed watching them in their skimpy bathing suits, but
    they were all a little too old to be approachable by a boy of my age.
    Some of them looked at me too, and I liked that.

       There was one especially that always seemed to be watching me when
    I came down for my daily swim.  She was in her early thirties, and
    reminded me of one of the models that I looked at in the magazines
    that I kept in my bedside drawer.  She was about 5'6" tall, and well
    built.  She always seemed to prefer bikinis to any other sort of swim
    suit. She also seemed to like me sneaking looks at her.

       She was there today too, and wearing a skimpy green bikini that
    got my hormones raging.  I horsed around in the pool, and surfaced in
    front of her a few times to get a better look.  She smiled at me each
    time I did. I fooled around a bit more, staring at her gorgeous tits
    every chance I got. Finally it was time to go to work.  Mom was
    working late, so I was on my own. I went up to the apartment and got
    changed.

       Things at the market went as they did on any other day.  There
    were the usual rush orders from the tenants that had to be delivered
    before dinner, so I busied myself with running up and down in the
    elevators like always.  Finally it was seven o'clock, and time for me
    to go home to do homework.  Mr. Cucci, the owner, said that there was
    just one more order to go, and since it was in the building and a
    charge order, I could take it, and then just go straight home.  I
    picked up the large bag, and headed out the door to take it where it
    belonged.

       The apartment to which the order was destined was on the
    twenty-first floor, so it took a few minutes to get there.  I really
    didn't want to go home to that homework.  I would be alone as usual
    since Mom wouldn't get there until about nine.  I rang the bell at
    the apartment, and was greeted by the woman whom I'd seen in the
    bikini down by the pool earlier.

       She was dressed in a blue dress with buttons down the front.  Her
    dark blonde hair hung down to her shoulders, and on her feet she had
    blue leather shoes with high spike heels.  She looked beautiful, and
    I couldn't help staring for a moment when she opened the door.

       "Oh!  Hi," she said, "you're the boy from the pool, aren't you?
    Could you bring that into the kitchen for me?"

       I nodded.  It was about all I could manage at that point.  I
    carried the package into the kitchen, and heard her close the door to
    follow me.

       "Thanks," she said when we reached the kitchen.  "I don't think
    that I could have managed that on my own, and I know the sort of
    muscles you have from seeing you at the pool."

       I thanked her for the compliment, and placed the bag on the
    counter.

       "There," I said.  "I like that pool a lot.  I've seen you out
    there too."

       "I know you have," she said with a knowing smile on her face.
    "What's your name?"

       "Billy," I said, staring at her gorgeous tits.

       "Mine's Sara," she replied, "We see each other so often down by
    the pool, we really ought to know each other. You're working late
    tonight, aren't you, Billy?  Mr. Cucci usually brings things up
    himself when I call this late."

       "No," I answered, "this is my last delivery.  I go home after
    this."

       "Oh?," Sara said with a touch of irony in her voice.  "I guess
    your mom has dinner waiting?"

       "Nah," I answered, "Mom won't be home for a couple of hours yet.
    I just have to read a few pages of History, and then watch some TV
    until she gets home."

       Sara looked at me strangely for a moment, and then her face
    changed back into a smile.

       "Why don't you stay here for a little while? I'm all alone, and I
    wouldn't mind the company.  We could watch television, or talk, or
    something.  If we're friends now, we should get to know each other
    better, right?  What about it?"

       That didn't sound like a bad idea, al all!  I was a little tired
    of spending all that time at home alone anyway, besides Sara looked and
    smelled sooooo good.

       "Sure," I said. "I can do my homework later.  It isn't much."

       "Great," Sara said.  "Why don't you go sit on the sofa, and I'll
    get us a couple of Cokes, that is... unless you would like a beer?"

       "Um, yeah," I said, trying to sound mature "... a beer is fine." I
    just hoped that Mom wouldn't smell it on me when she came home.

       "Okay", Sara smiled. "You go on inside, and I'll be back in a
    minute."

       It didn't take long for Sara to join me on the sofa.  She put two
    beers down on the coffee table, and we each took one for a sip.

       "You spend a lot of time hanging around here.  Don't you have a
    girlfriend?"

       I was becoming a little uneasy with the way her questioning was
    going, but I was also becoming rather aroused with looking at her.
    She was wearing a perfume that was getting to me too!  I liked her,
    and I wanted to be her friend.  I also wanted to talk to someone
    about the things that I was feeling.  My dad was away too much for me
    to get a good talk going with him, and Mom wasn't the right one to
    talk to.  I decided to see just where the conversation was going to
    go.

       "No," I said, "I've never been out with a girl on a real date.  I
    dance with them sometimes when I go to the school dances, but that is
    about as far as things have gone. I don't go to many dances anyway."

        Sara looked me straight in the eye, and asked, "Then you're
    still a virgin?"

        "Yes!" I blurted out.

        The question had hit hard.  The last thing that a boy wants to
    admit to a woman like Sara is that he is a virgin, but the question
    had taken me by surprise.  I had answered truthfully, but I was sort
    of already regretting that I did.

       "That's all right," Sara said.  "It won't be a permanent
    condition. Have you ever kissed a girl, Billy?"

       "No," I answered not knowing what she had in mind.

       "Would you like to kiss me?," she asked.

       This was definitely not what I had expected when I came up
    here, but I had to admit that I wanted to kiss her very much.

       "Yeah, sure," I said. "Do you really mean it?"

       Sara smiled at me and just nodded. Jesus I couldn't believe my
    luck!

       Then, she leaned over, and brought her face close to mine.  The
    fragrance of her perfume filled my nostrils, and I could feel other
    parts of me lower down reacting too!  I pressed my face to her's, and
    our lips met.  I'd never felt anything like this before. I didn't
    know what to think about it, but I did know that it felt very, very
    nice!

       "There, now you know what it feels like to kiss a girl", Sara said
    when she broke the kiss. "Did you like it?"

       That was a silly question.

       "Sure! It was great!", I answered a little to enthusiastically. "I
    never kissed anyone but my mom and my aunt, but they never kissed me
    like that before."

       Sara giggled.

       "Well, I should hope not," she said. "Would you like to know more
    about women?"

       I didn't know what she had planned, but if it meant kissing her
    again, I was all for it!

       "Yeah, sure!", I said, trying to hide my eagerness.

       "Okay, put your arms around me, and we'll try another kiss," Sara
    said.

       She slid over on the sofa, so her thigh was pressing against mine.
    That felt good too!  I put an arm around her back, and she nestled
    into it. Again our lips pressed together, and again I felt those same
    stirring in my crotch.  It was all I could do to keep from messing my
    pants! We kissed longer this time, and I could feel her breasts
    pressing against my chest.  I moved my hand down a bit, and felt her
    bra under her dress.  She didn't protest.  We broke the kiss, and
    Sara said, "Do you like my breasts?" I swallowed hard, and said,
    "Yeah," in a strained voice.  "Would you like to see them?" "Yeah!,"
    I said.

       Sara sat up on the sofa, and unbuttoned her dress down to the
    waist. Under it, she was wearing a bra of aqua lace.  It was sheer,
    and I could see the shadow of the dark circles of her areola and
    nipples through it.

       "Would you like to touch them, Billy?," she asked.

       "Ohhh, yeah," I answered, unable to hide my pleasure any longer.

       I cupped her breasts in my hands, and lifted them.  They were
    large and firm, and weighed more than I had expected.  I'd seen them
    under her bikini top out by the pool enough times, but I never
    thought I would get the chance to hold them like this.

       "When you do get a girlfriend," Sara said, "make sure she has big
    breasts like mine.  Would you like to see more ?"

       "Shit, yeah!," I answered enthusiastically.

       Sara stood in front of me, and said, "This dress is only in the
    way now," and unbuttoned the rest of it letting it slip from her
    shoulders. She tossed it over a chair.  Below her waist, she was
    wearing a sheer aqua garter-belt and panties that matched the bra.
    Her stockings were sheer too, and I could see the dark V-shaped
    outline of her pussy at her crotch.  I was fully hard now, and my
    cock was straining for release in my pants.  I didn't know how much
    more of this I could stand before I had to do something about that.

       "I think we can dispense with my bra too, if you don't mind. Would
    you unhook it for me?," she asked.  Sara turned her back to me, and
    lifted up her long hair, so it no longer covered the clasp.  I stood,
    and clumsily unhooked it.  She held it up with her hands at her tits,
    and said, "Okay, sit down again, please, honey." I loved the way she
    called me honey, it made my cock twitch.

       Sara turned to face me again, and let the bra fall to the floor.
    Her breasts spilled out in front of me, and I couldn't help but stare
    at them.  I had seen women's breasts before in the magazines, but not
    this way.  They were beautiful!  They were round and globular, and
    each one ended with a dainty nipple at its tip. Sara posed for me
    that way for a moment, and then bent over me letting her breasts hang
    in front of my face.

       "Would you like to suck my nipples?," she breathed.

       "Oh, yeah," I answered.

       I took one of Sara's nipples in my mouth.  I guess there is some
    remembrance of the technique from when we are suckled by our mothers,
    and I sucked gently on it making Sara give out a little moan.

       "Let me sit down," she said, "so we can be more comfortable."

       Sara turned to sit on my lap.  Her bottom came down softly, but
    she got a sort of surprised look on her face, and said, "Oh!  What
    have we here?  I feels as if there is something hard in your lap
    under my hot little ass. I just wonder what that could be?" I looked
    at her with a little bit of embarrassment, but she said, "Well, we'll
    soon take care of that. I've shown you what I have. How about showing
    me some of what you've got down there?"

       Sara stood up again, and gently tugged me to standing too.  She
    took the bottom of my T-shirt in her hands, and pulled it up and off
    of me. It joined her dress and bra over on the chair.  Her hands went
    to my waist, unbuckled my belt, and pulled down my zipper.  One hand
    entered my fly, and touched my cock through my briefs.

       "Ooooooh," she said, "you're a big boy aren't you, Billy. Mmmmm,
    I like that!"

       Sara tugged my pants down, and made me sit again.  She knelt in
    front of me, and removed my sneakers and socks.  Then she pulled off
    my pants, and tossed them on the chair as well. Then she stood again,
    and got me to stand in front of her.  My cock was bulging my briefs
    way out, and she looked down at in with a big smile on her face.

       "Well, we'll just have to see what all that swelling is," she
    said.

       Sara dropped to her knees, and caressed my cock through the
    fabric. Her hands went to the waistband of my briefs, and she slipped
    her thumbs inside.  In a swift motion, she pulled them down to my
    ankles, and my cock jumped forward pointing straight at her face.  I
    stepped out of the briefs, and they too were tossed aside.

       "My, but you do have a big one for someone of your age," Sara
    said. "Sit down, and I'll see what I can do about the swelling."

       I sat down, and Sara moved between my legs on her knees.  Her long
    nails raked gently over my thighs, and the pressure in my young balls
    grew even more.

       "Don't worry," she said with a playful giggle, "I'm not going to
    bite you.... much!"

       Sara opened her mouth, and took the length of my cock inside.  My
    cock is almost seven inches long, so it surprised me that she got it
    all in. She let it slide back out again running her warm lips over it
    all the way.  She ran her tongue around the head, and poked the tip
    of it into my piss-slit to taste the drop of pre-cum that was already
    oozing from it.

       "I don't think this will take long," she said, and took my cock
    back into her mouth.

       It didn't take long at all.  I was almost ready to cum right there
    and then, but I tried to hold back as long as I could. Sara began a
    smooth up and down motion sliding my cock in and out of her mouth. It
    felt absolutely wonderful!  Her warm. moist lips were all over my
    cock, and I leaned my head back, closed my eyes, and began to moan
    with pleasure until I could hold out no longer, and unloaded all the
    pressure that was in my balls in a hot jet of cum into Sara's waiting
    mouth.

       Sara took all I had to give, and didn't miss a drop.  She
    swallowed it all down, and licked me clean when I was finished. I
    could see her savoring the last few drops on her tongue before she
    swallowed them too.  Then she moved up to sit on the sofa next to me.
    She just sat there playing with my cock in her hand while I
    recovered.

       "Did you like your first blow-job, baby?," she asked.

       "Yeahhhhh!" I answered.

       "You have a nice cock, Billy" Sara said. "I like it. I hope this
    isn't the last time I'm going to see it." Before I could say anything
    by way of answering her, she said, "Now that I've seen your cock,
    would you like to see my pussy, honey?"

        "Yeahhhh!," I answered again. I sounded like a cracked gramaphone
    record, but Sara didn't seem to care, she was obviously just as horny
    as I was.

       Sara stood in front of me again.  She bent forward letting her
    breasts hang down, and unhooked her stockings from her garter-belt.
    She reached behind her, and unsnapped the garter-belt to toss it
    aside with her other clothes.  She sat on the edge of the chair that
    had all the clothes on it, and took off her shoes.  Then she slid off
    her stockings, and stood again before me.

       "Pull my panties off, Billy," Sara said.

       I reached up, and took hold of the narrow elastic band at her
    waist that held up her panties.  Her skin felt so soft when I touched
    it that I wanted to spend some time just doing that, but the shadow
    of the dark patch at Sara's crotch was beckoning me to other things.
    I slid her panties down very gently, and there before my eyes was her
    pussy!  I had also seen this in the magazines, but never this way.  I
    stared at it for some moments, and Sara put her hand on my shoulder
    to steady herself while she stepped out of her panties.  I tossed
    them on the chair.  We were both completely naked.

       "I know a more comfortable place for the rest of this," Sara said,
    "Follow me, lover!"

       I stood, and walked after her.  I couldn't take my eyes off her
    ass as we walked.  I liked the way the cheeks bounced up and down as
    her legs moved, and the gentle sway in her hips. My cock was hard
    again by now, if it had ever really gotten soft, and was waving back
    and forth in front of me as we walked.  Sara led me into her bedroom,
    and turned down the covers on the bed.  She lay down on her back with
    her legs spread just a little bit.  God, she was a gorgeous sight!  I
    drew in my breath and moved towards the bed, ogling her furry snatch.

       "Come here, you gorgeous kid", Sara said, reaching out her arms to
    me.

       I lay down next to her, and put my arms around her without her
    asking me to do it.  I guess I felt that we knew each other well
    enough by now to do that while we were in bed together.  I pressed my
    lips against Sara's, and we kissed again.  This time, however, the
    kiss was just a little different than earlier.  Sara parted her lips,
    and pressed her tongue forward.  It pressed against my teeth, so I
    opened my mouth, and her tongue touched mine.  It felt very good! Our
    tongues began to roll around each other in my mouth, and then I
    pressed mine forward to taste the sweetness inside Sara's mouth.

       Her hand slid down to my cock, and began to play with it again. In
    between kisses, Sara whimpered, "Touch my pussy, Billy. Play with my
    cunt!" I moved my hand onto the soft flesh of her thighs, and they
    parted.  I ran my hand gently along the skin, and felt hair against
    my fingers.  I pressed further, and found that under the hair was a
    warm, moist slit that felt very good when I put my fingers into it,
    and apparently made Sara feel good too if the gentle sigh that I
    heard when I touched her was any indication. She broke our kissing
    again to ask, "Would you like to fuck me, Billy?"

       "Oh, shit yeah!", I blurted. "Can I?"

       Sara rolled over on her back, and spread her legs.

       "Get on your knees between my legs," she instructed me.  When I'd
    done so, she reached up to pull me closer, and took hold of my cock
    to position it at the opening of her pussy.  "Push," she said gently.

       My cock slid into her cunt easily.  She was thoroughly lubricated
    from all the sexual play that we had been indulging in, and my cock
    was now warmly encased in her tight pussy.  That left me with a small
    problem.  Up to this point I had been a virgin.  I was just not sure
    what to do next. I'd read some pornographic paperbacks, and I knew
    that I was supposed to move my cock in and out of her, but I had
    never done that with a girl before.  I decided that I'd better try,
    and somehow the motion came very naturally to me. Just instinct, I
    guess.

       I buried my cock deeply into Sara's mature cunt.  It felt fucking
    fantastic. I began to plunge it in and out of her. Her pussy was so
    tight, it felt like my prick was encased in a hot, velvet vice, and
    she was wet too... wet and slippery inside. I couldn't get enough of
    the feeling.  Without realizing it, my thrusts were getting stronger.
    I thought of backing off a bit so as not to hurt her, but Sara just
    urged, "Harder. Oh, Billy, make momma feel it!  Fuck me harder,
    baby!!"

       I increased the tempo and power of my thrusts, and lunged my hips
    into her.  Sara lifted her legs high, and curled them around my waist
    the same way her arms were wrapped about my neck.  I slid one arm
    under her ass, and pulled her cunt onto my cock. We were totally
    entwined together, and I was fucking her for all we were worth!  Our
    lips met again, and this time I didn't waste any time in pressed my
    tongue deep into her mouth.  Her tongue met mine, dueling back and
    forth behind our teeth as we fucked madly on her bed.

       Then I felt like I could hold out no longer.  Sweat was starting
    to bead up on my skin, and my cock was beginning to throb inside of
    her. At that point I felt a strong tingling all over my body. I broke
    the kiss, and let out a strong guttural sound as I felt my cock spasm
    deep in her pussy.  I was cumming!  It felt like there was a Fourth
    of July fireworks display was going on inside my head.  I drove my
    cock to its full length into Sara, and unloaded my second charge of
    cum into her hot pussy.  Sara was reacting too, and kept saying, "Oh,
    fuck! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck!," over and over again while I came.

       After a time, it was over, and I collapsed limply on top of her,
    all my energy spent.  We lay that way for a few minutes catching our
    breath, and then I rolled off her.  We held each other in our arms
    for a little while, and then she asked, "Do you feel different now
    that you're not a virgin anymore?"

       "Shit, yeah, I feel fantastic!" I answered.

       "You sure do, Billy", she sighed, giving my cock a playful
    squeeze. It began to swell in her hand.

       "Can I fuck you again, Sara?", I asked hopefully.

       Sara looked at the clock on her nightstand, and said, "Oh, baby,
    I'd like nothing better, but it's twenty to nine.  Isn't your mother
    going to be home soon?"

       "Yeah," I said, "I guess I'd better be going, but I don't want
    to."

       Sara giggled at this, and said, "I can see
    that. I'd forgotten how easily young boys your age can recover." She
    grabbed my cock and for one brief moment I thought she was going to
    let me fuck her again, but instead she said. "Much as I'd like to,
    Billy, we don't want your mother calling out a search party for you
    do we, hon?"

       "I guess not", I said glumly.

       "Hey, cheer up", she said, giving me a peck on the lips. "We'll
    have longer the next time."

       "Yeah," I said, "I sure hope so"

       I got up weakly, and Sara stood next to me for another kiss.  We
    went back to the living room, and I untangled my clothes from her's
    to get dressed.  When I finished dressing Sara walked me to the door.
    She was still naked except for the shoes that she had put back on.
    They made her long legs look even better.

       At the door we kissed deeply one last time.  "I'll see you soon at
    the pool," she said as I left, and she closed the door after letting
    me have one more look at her naked body as she posed in the doorway
    for me.

       I went back to our apartment. Mom wasn't home yet, so I flopped
    down on the sofa. Thinking about fucking Sara tonight had my brain
    reeling. My cock was still stiff, so I pulled it out and began to
    jerk off right there in the living-room. Unfortunately, I was only
    halfway there when I heard Mom's key in the door. I pulled up my
    pants and flicked on the TV, pretending I had been home for hours.

       "Hi, Mom!", I said cheerfully, trying to hide the bulge in my
    pants with a cushion in case she saw.

       "Sorry I was so late," Mom said as she came in. "I did some
    shopping at the mall on my way home."

       She started to put things away, moving around the kitchen and
    chatting in a friendly sort of way. I hardly took any notice, until I
    turned 'round and saw her bending over, putting something in the
    cupboard. Mom was wearing a skimpy pair of shorts that showed every
    outline of her crotch. I couldn't keep my eyes off her ass. Why
    hadn't I noticed before how cute and sexy my own mom's ass was? Maybe
    fucking Sara had something to do with it.

       "Did you find something to occupy yourself with while I was away,
    dear?", Mom asked over her shoulder. Her ass was still in the air.

       "Yeah," I answered, squeezing my half-hard prick through the front of
    my pants. "I met a new friend and we had a ball, Mom."

       I grinned to myself at the joke, then got up off the couch and
    stepped up behind my mom. I put my hand on her ass and kissed her
    neck. She smelled good.

       "Need a hand, Mom?" I asked, pretending to be helpful. Mom
    straightened up and turned around.

       "No, all finished, honey", she said, giving me a peck on the
    cheek.

       As she did so, Mom's tits pressed against my chest, and I felt her
    warmth. After what had happened tonight with Sara, I had the urge to
    pull Mom against me and run my hands over her luscious tits and ass,
    but something stopped me, and by the time I could think straight
    again, she was gone, heading down the hallway saying something about
    taking a shower. I returned to the sofa and tried to watch TV, but my
    mind was still on my mother's cute, sexy little ass.

       When Mom came out of the shower, I pretended not to notice the
    powder-blue nightie she was almost wearing. My cock jumped a mile. I
    grabbed the cushion again just before Mom bent over the sofa to give
    me a kiss goodnight. Her lips tasted of mint, and once again, I
    resisted the urge to do something un-son-like.

       "'Night Mom", I said, hoping she wouldn't notice the way I was
    covering the huge bulge in my crotch. She said goodnight and headed
    off down the hallway to her bedroom.

       About a half-an-hour later, I decided to hit the sack myself. I
    showered quickly, and headed down the hall. Mom's light was still on,
    so I crept up to her door. I don't know what I expected to see, but
    the thought of my mom lying there in that filmy blue nightie of hers
    had my pulse racing. As I got closer, I could see that the light was
    coming from her bedside lamp. Mom was asleep, the unfinished book
    she'd been reading lay limply in her hand.

       Wearing only a towel, I crept into Mom's room. My heart was
    pounding in my chest as I gazed down at her reclining form. I didn't
    know what the hell I was doing there. All I knew was that my mom's
    body was suddenly making my prick do loop-de-loop. I moved closer.
    Mom was lying on her left side, facing me, her back to the wall, her
    coltish limbs thrown out every which way. The covers were in a
    turmoil and her long blonde hair was strewn all over the pillow. As I
    looked on, her chest rose and fell with the healthy regularity of
    deep sleep.

       Too bad I couldn't see her tits. The sheet happened to lie such
    that it strategically shielded them from my view, but I could still
    detect their large delectable presence underneath. I was luckier with
    certain other parts of her body, though. One long leg was entirely
    exposed, being covered only at the very top of her creamy thigh. A
    few more inches and I would have been treated to a choice view of my
    mom's crotch.

       I sat down carefully on the edge of the bed, my cock poking out
    from underneath the towel as I did so. Mom moved as I sat down, and
    it frightened the shit out of me. I stood up and stepped quickly
    back, starting to leave the room until I realized it was nothing more
    than a random shifting of position. Mom was still deeply asleep, I
    noted with a sigh of relief. Testing her, I slowly lowered myself to
    the bed again and sat beside her. No reaction. I sat heavily with all
    my weight, even bouncing a couple of times. Her only motion was the
    natural swaying of her body caused by the movement of the bed. In a
    quiet voice I said, "Mom? You awake?" Still nothing.

       With anticipation nervously mounting, I swung my feet onto the bed
    and lay beside her. My weight caused her body to slide slightly
    toward me, but still no sign of wakefulness from my sleeping mother.
    The slight movement caused her legs to fall open a trifle, making her
    unconscious pose even more sensual and suggestive than before, but
    she evidently remained sound asleep. I raised trembling fingers to
    her half-covered form and pulled the sheets back, hoping it wouldn't
    wake her.

       My cock was all the way stiff now, and as I considered the
    wonderful possibilities confronting me, it began to throb. I reached
    out and touched Mom's ass, feeling the heat of her skin through the
    silky fabric of her panties. My cock twitched, and I edged closer.
    Just as I was extending my hand toward her tits, she suddenly moved!
    I jerked my hand away and was halfway off the bed before I realized
    it had only been a sleepy shifting of position. Mom was still fast
    asleep. I wiped my face of sweat and lay down again beside her. Her
    movement had changed her position to my advantage.

       Now she lay more on her back than her side, one slim knee up in
    the air and the upper part of her chest exposed well below the collar
    bone. Shit! A few more inches and I could see her tits. I was getting
    so excited now that I was becoming bolder by the second. Impetuously
    I jerked the covers off her entire body.  Mom didn't move.  I waited
    a few seconds to see what would happen, but nothing did, so I reached
    right out and cupped one of Mom's firm tits. It felt warm and soft in
    my palm, the nipple hardening as I squeezed her fullness gently.

       God, I couldn't believe I was doing this... lying on my mother's
    bed with only a towel wrapped round me, with my hand on her tit.
    Mom's hand moved up and covered mine. I looked at her face, but she
    was still asleep. I didn't dare remove my hand now. I suddenly got
    scared again that she'd wake up any second. Then I noticed the glass
    of water and bottle of pills on her bedside table. Mom sometimes
    couldn't get to sleep after a hard day, so she took these sleeping
    pills to get a good night's rest.

       Knowing that, I became bolder now, and slid my other hand down
    between Mom's legs, to rub her cunt. She sort of sighed and opened
    her legs a bit more, giving me better access to her pussy. Ooooooh,
    Jesus, was she ever hot down there! I could feel the damp heat
    searing my fingers as I probed Mom's cuntmound through the silky
    fabric of her panties. She moaned again, louder this time, but her
    eyes remained closed.

       Mom must have been able to feel what I was doing, even in her
    drugged sleep, because she began little upwards movements of her
    hips, pressing her pussy into my hand and squirming her hot little
    ass around on the bed.

       My cock demanded immediate attention. But rather than rub it
    myself, I decided to let Mom do it for me. Grabbing her hand I placed
    it under the towel on my rock-hard prick. Her cool fingers wrapped
    around it instinctively and I felt her grip my rod tightly. Mom sure
    knew how to handle a cock, I thought, even in her sleep!  I slid my
    fingers inside Mom's moist panties and delved into her cunt, not
    really caring now if she woke up or not. She squirmed a bit and
    gripped my prick real hard. My fingers in her cunt must have been
    really getting to her.

       Mom's cuntslit felt real wet and slippery. I found her clit and
    rubbed it just like I had Sara's. Her pussy juice soaked my fingers
    and ran down between the cheeks of her ass. My Mom has a nice ass,
    small and compact, and real firm from playing racquet ball. I cupped
    her ass cheeks and spread some of her cunt-juice over them, loving
    the feel of her tight slippery assflesh sliding sensuously under my
    palm. Mom's panties were saturated, so I decided to remove them.
    Besides, I really wanted to see her cunt naked. Skinning her panties
    down, I rolled them down her long sleek thighs, pulled them off over
    her ankles and tossed them onto the floor. I pulled off my towel at
    the same time and got between Mom's legs.

       Jesus what a beautiful sight! My mom's twat was cute, real cute.
    Smaller than Sara's but just as juicy looking, and covered with a
    light fuzz of curly blonde hair. I pulled Mom's legs wider apart and
    stared at her cunt. Her cuntlips were barely parted. I inserted a
    finger and watched as they flowered open to to admit it. Mom moaned.
    I inserted another finger, this time wiggling them both around a bit.
    Mom raised her hips slightly and moaned again. A little trickle of
    juice began to flow out around my fingers. I stooped to lick it up,
    letting the heady aroma of Mom's cunt fill my nostrils.  Jesus, she
    tasted good! I had to have more of that!

       Holding her legs wide apart with both hands, I lowered my face to
    Mom's cunt. Juice was oozing from the slit. I opened my mouth and
    stuck out my tongue, licking the creamy liquid into my mouth. It
    tasted delicious, not as strong as Sara's gamey cunt, and a little
    more salty... just right. I dug my tongue in deeper and was rewarded
    with another gush of nectar from Mom's gooey honey pot. Sucking
    noisily I lapped it all up and thrust my tongue deep into Mom's hole,
    feeling her cunt squeeze and contract around it. My lips found her
    clit and I sucked it into my mouth, flicking the tiny little bud to
    erection with my tongue.

       In the back of my mind I kept thinking, this has gotta be a
    fuckin' dream, but the smell, the taste and the feel of Mom's
    slippery cunt on my face told me different. My cock was digging
    painfully into the bed, so I moved a little to relieve the pressure,
    keeping my mouth glued to Mom's dripping cunt. I could hear her
    moaning above me, her hips giving little jerky movements from time to
    time, especially when I sucked her clit. Then suddenly, my heart
    froze.

       "Ummmm, B..Billy? Wh... what are you do... ohhhh", she moaned.

       I looked up from her crotch and saw Mom looking down at me with
    glazed, half-opened eyes. I looked back at her, her juices glistening
    on my mouth and chin, not knowing what to say for a second. Then, as
    I noticed the dazed look on her face I had an idea.

       "It's okay, Mom, it's only a dream, just lie back and enjoy it."

       Mom looked like she wasn't really seeing me, her eyes all glassy
    and vague.

       "Mmmmmmm, yeah....  dream.... okay... mmmmm, good...umm, feels so
    good," she muttered, pushing my head back into her neglected hole.

       I resumed sucking her twat with vigour, really going for it.
    Knowing that Mom was half awake and enjoying it too, made sucking her
    gorgeous cunt all the more exciting.

       Mom was moaning almost continuously now, a soft, mewling sound of
    pleasure. Her pelvis moved languidly, up and down, in circles, as if
    it were not a part of her. I pushed my tongue into her tight
    cunthole, extending it to the maximum, then ran it in and out,
    feverishly, mimicking the action my cock was throbbing and aching so
    much for. Then, as if in answer to my prayers, Mom muttered the
    magic words.

       "Ummmmm, n..nice.... but, I... uhhhh, I n.n..need a cock. It's
    beeeen soo lonnnng!", she groaned. "Fuck me! Ooooh, please fuck me!"

       That was it. I couldn't take it any more, my prick was so hard I
    thought it was gonna burst, and after what Mom just said, I knew what
    I had to do... she wanted it too, she just said so... I had to fuck
    her! I pulled my mouth from her cunt and crouched between her legs,
    my cock only inches from her gaping pussy, the very hole that had
    given me life. Her eyes were glazed but I recognized the look on her
    face, it was lust, deep down she wanted me too. I grabbed her hand
    and put it on my cock.

       "Put it in for me, Mom," I husked. "Put my cock in your cunt and
    let me fuck you!"

       Mom groaned and gripped my prick hard. She must have been on
    autopilot or something, 'cause without the slightest hesitation, she
    positioned my cockhead between the lips of her pussy and pushed it
    in. She was still half asleep as my cock entered her cunt. She moaned
    a bit, more in pleasure than anything, then began moving her hips.

       "Fuck me!" she muttered. "Mmmmm, fuck me, please. I need your big
    cock."

       I looked down at Mom's face, watching her dreamy expression as I
    fucked her. I was sure she knew who was fucking her, because she had
    called out my name earlier, but I had to be sure.

       "Mom?", I whimpered. Her eyes tried to focus on my face as she
    moaned a reply.

       "Ummmmm?"

       I thrust my cock into her tight, steamy wetness a little harder.

       "Do you like that, Mom?", I asked.

       She tossed her head from side to side in ecstasy.

       "Mmmmmm, y...yes, uhhhhh, yessssss... so nice!"

       "Do you know who's fucking you, Mom?"

       "Mmmmmmmmmmmm", she replied sleepily.

       "Who, Mom?", I growled. "Who's fucking you?"

       "Uhhh! Ummmm, y..you are Billy," came the reply I wanted to hear.
    "You are, baby!"

       "Do you like me fucking you, Mom?" I asked, but the answer was
    obvious.

       "Ohhhh, yeahhhh! You feel so gooo....uhhhh, baby! .... ummmm, so
    damn good! Harder! Mmmmmmm, do it h..harder!"

       I slammed my cock into my mom's cunt, fucking her deeply,
    pleasuring us both. Her cunt was very tight. She was obviously no
    virgin, but her pussy hadn't been used much since Dad left. Sure,
    there had been a few guys hanging around, hoping to get Mom in the
    sack, but having me around sort of spoilt Mom's sex life. Now, I was
    making up for it. Her cunt-walls grasped my cock as I reamed her out,
    pounding my way into Mom's deepest, darkest recesses. Her legs came
    up and wrapped around my back, her arms encircled my neck, and her
    mouth pressed against mine, open, wet, and loving. I wondered if she
    was awake or if she still thought she was dreaming, I couldn't tell.
    All I knew was that my mom was one hell of a hot fuck!

       I varied my strokes, knowing how Sara had enjoyed that.
    Withdrawing about half a cock length, I plunged it back to the hilt
    in one sharp thrust. Mom gasped into my mouth and drove her tongue
    down my throat, imitating the action of my cock below. Then, I
    started a slower rhythmic motion, pushing my cock in and out,
    twisting my pelvis.... reaming, withdrawing, thrusting. Mom took up
    the rhythm, matching me stroke for stroke. She was breathing hard and
    fast, and I was beginning to gasp and pant. She started moaning and
    mewling with soft little squeals.  The whole lower portion of her
    body thrashed about and her legs pulled tighter and tighter around
    me. Her arms clenched tightly around my neck and her tongue was like
    a wild animal working in my mouth. Dreaming or awake, Mom was in a
    sexual frenzy, and it was pulling me to the feverish edge of my own
    climax.

       I tried to hold back, and it seemed to work. We fucked for a few
    more minutes, Mom was getting hotter by the second. Then, when I felt
    Mom shudder and her cunt tightened around my cock, I let myself go,
    fucking her for all I was worth. Mom came and came and came.  The
    contractions of her cunt made it feel as if the walls of her pussy
    were sucking my cock.  Her pelvic muscles spasmed and shuddered, and
    each small convulsive movement transferred to my sliding, thrusting
    cock. Suddenly, my cock jerked, and great gobs of juice jetted out,
    making her pussy even wetter.

       "Yes!  Oh, yes! Give it to me, Billy!", Mom gasped, loudly. "Give
    it all to me!"

       My orgasm went on and on, and come still spurted out. Gradually, I
    came down to just the small, feeble spurts. Then, just the warmth of
    my cock soaking in our combined juices.  I collapsed on Mom, unable
    to stir, feeling as though I was turned inside-out from the massive
    orgasmic surge.  We were both panting, gasping for breath. Slowly, we
    came back to earth, and I rolled off her and we lay side by side,
    holding each other, fondling, caressing, murmuring.

       I must have drifted off into a deep sleep, because the next thing
    I knew, it was morning. Light was streaming in my Mom's bedroom
    window and I was lying naked on the bed beside her. The events of the
    night before flooded back. First came the pleasurable memories of our
    sex together, then, as I looked across at her peacefully sleeping
    form, I was overcome with guilt. Suddenly I was scared. What was I
    going to do?  What was I going to say? Mom stirred, and her arm
    flopped over my chest. I looked at it like it was some sort of snake.
    I was about to try and slide out from underneath it when Mom woke up.

       "Billy?", she murmured, looking at me through sleepy eyes. "What's
    wrong, honey? What are you doing in my b....."

       Her voice trailed off when she noticed I was stark naked.

       "JESUS, BILLY!!??!!!"

       Pulling her hand pulled off my chest like it had been scalded,
    Mom sat up and just looked at me, her eyes wild, speechless.

       "Calm down, Mom!", I said, but I made no move to cover myself.

       Mom was staring between my legs. I looked down. As usual, I had
    woken with a hardon, and Mom's eyes were fixed on my rock-hard cock.
    I shrugged and smiled stupidly. Mom hit the roof!

       "What the hell do you think you're doing, young man?", she yelled.
    "Christ, Billy you're in my bed with no clothes on!"

       "Easy, Mom," I said. "Don't you remember, anything about last
    night?"

       Mom looked at me strangely, then blushed a deep crimson. She
    shook her head.

       "No... no, this can't be hapening!" she gasped. "That was only a
    ...."

       "Only a what, Mom?" I asked.

       Mom was still staring at my stiff cock.

       "Jeeeesus! It wasn't a dream, was it?"

       "No, Mom", I smiled. I edged closer, but Mom moved away.

       "Shit, Billy! You really fucked me!", she cried. "Jesus Christ,
    what are we gonna do now?" Mom looked totally bewildered.

       "What do you mean Mom? Didn't you enjoy it? It sure felt like you
    did," I said.

       "Yes...I mean, No... Shit! I don't know!", said Mom. She was
    confused.

       I moved closer and touched her arm.

       "Mom, I still love you", I said. "Even more after what's happened.
    Don't you feel it too?"

       She fell into my arms sobbing.

       "Ohhhh, Billy, I don't know what I feel."

       Mom's tits pressed into my chest making my cock twitch against her
    leg. When she didn't pull away, I guided her hand down to my
    throbbing prick. Her fingers curled around it, hefting my turgid
    length in her hand.

       "Oh, Billy,", she murmured, "We can't."

       "We already have, Mom!", I whimpered, and covered her mouth with
    mine.

       As the kiss got hotter, Mom broke away.

       "No, Billy, this is wrong!", she whispered hoarsely.

       She said it without conviction, so I placed a hand on her right
    tit, and began fondling her through the silky material of her
    nightie.

       "It's natural, Mom," I said. "You're female... I'm male, and we
    both need it. Let's just go with the flow."

       Mom's fingers felt so good around my cock. I scooted closer.

       "But Billy, you're my son", said Mom, her voice almost a moan.

       "I know, Mom, but that makes it better, we both love each other
    already, right?"

       That did it. With a groan of surrender, Mom threw her arms around
    my neck and kissed me passionately.

       "I want to fuck you again, Mom", I said, breathing hotly into her
    mouth. My fingers caressed her pussy, and she gasped.

       "Ohhhh, Billy,
    we shouldn't be doing this, honey. It could get out of hand."

       "Not out of my hand it won't", I grinned, giving her pussy a
    meaningful squeeze. Mom giggled.

       "That's not what I meant, baby," she moaned.

       I slipped a finger into Mom's pussy and found that despite all her
    objections, she was exceedingly wet down there. I bent my head to her
    tits, but her nightie was in the way.

       "Take it off, Mom! I want to see you naked."

       "Okay, hon", she said, lifting the tiny, transparent garment over
    her head.

       I pressed my face into her tits, wallowing in my mother's soft,
    fragrant titty-flesh. She moaned and resumed stroking my cock as I
    sucked her breasts. Mom's tits tasted good. They were high, full and
    quite firm. Her nipples were long and hard. I sucked them and they
    seemed to swell in my mouth. Mom was making gurgling sounds by this
    time, holding my mouth tight on her tit. I sucked wetly, fondling her
    other tit. One of her hands went back to my cock.

       "Oh, Billy!" she whimpered, wrapping her fingers once again around
    my throbbing manhood. "Oooooh, baby, you're so big! Mmmmmmm, and so
    very hard!"

       I let my free hand drop to Mom's cunt. It was so juicy, so hot. I
    slid two fingers inside and rubbed the top of her mound with my
    thumb. Mom almost hit the roof!

       "Uuuuuuuuuh! Fuck!, that feels fantastic, honey!", she groaned,
    pulling frantically on my cock. I couldn't wait any longer.

       "Lie back, Mom," I panted. "I have to fuck you, now!"

       "Ooooooooooh, Billy! I don't.... I mean, I need.... Oh Jesus!
    What am I doing?!"

       Mom fell backwards, and flung her long legs wide apart, her hands
    reaching out for me as I scrambled between her open thighs.  I took a
    moment to look at her naked, blonde cunt. It was so much more
    beautiful in the light of day. Her clit poked out at the top,
    vibrating with hardness like the tip of a tiny little cock. Her slit
    was so wet it glistened, with her cunt-dew. For a long breathless
    moment we stared at each other, me at my mother's wet cunt, and she
    at my stiff cock.

       "Mom, I gotta fuck you!", I gasped.

       "Oh, Billy.... yes! Do it! Fuck me, baby! Fuck me!

       I fell across her body, my cock rubbing up along one thigh. Mom
    grabbed my prick and guided it into her cunt, just as she'd done last
    night. Except this time she wasn't drugged and half asleep.... this
    time she was wide awake, and begging for it!!!

       "Oh, baby!", she wailed, feeling my prick slide in deep.

       I began to hump my ass up and down, fucking my cock into Mom's
    hot, slippery cunt as fast as I could. She made a gurgling sound,
    holding me by the hips as I fucked her, straining her own hips up at
    me, her thighs slapping against mine. My rapid thrusts seemed to
    drive her breath away, the sudden friction bringing mewling cries of
    lust from deep in her throat.

       "Uhhhhhh, God! Fuck me! Yesssss, fuck, me like that! Oh, harder,
    baby! Fuck me harder!"

       Mom's words excited me, driving me on, and I began pounding my
    cock into her tight cunt with all the strength I had. Mom bent her
    knees and arched upwards, trying to get more of my cock into her
    hairy cunt. She was whimpering and clutching me tightly, her ass
    starting to whip around on the bed now. The wild plunging of my cock
    soon had her grinding her cunt up at me like crazy.

       "Let me!", she panted. "Let mother do it!"

       Somehow I managed to slow down and hold my hips still as Mom took
    over. She braced herself with her feet on the bed and then began to
    jerk her ass up and down, her cunt sliding on my cock with soft, hot
    wetness. Mom moaned and whimpered beneath me as her hips bucked and
    twisted, grinding frantically on my deeply imbedded prick.

       "Ohh, you're going to make me come already!", she wailed. "It's
    too soon! Oh, it's so fast, Billy!"

       I fucked her as hard as I could, my balls slapping noisily against
    my mom's steamy, sweating ass.

       "Billy! Ooooooohhh! Billy! Fuck meeeeeeeee!", she squealed.

       I felt the contractions of her cunt around my cock... clutching...
    squeezing.... sucking at my prick with each exquisite convulsion. Mom
    was coming in wave after wave of fierce, burning ecstatic spasms. She
    kept grinding on my cock, not wanting it to stop. But slowly her ass
    slumped, her legs falling slack. Mom's hands slid from my ass to her
    sides, and her breathing came hot and heavy. I kept my cock in place,
    enjoying the ripples of pleasure that caressed me from tip to balls.
    Mom gazed up at me dreamily, and I looked with satisfaction into her
    radiant, glowing face.

       "Mmmmmmm, Billy, what did you do to me? I came so quick!", she
    panted.

       "I fucked you, Mom," I answered. My cock was still rock-hard
    inside her trembling belly.

       "Jesus! I'll say you did,", Mom moaned.

       "You fucked me silly, baby."

       I moved my hips suggestively.

       "Wanna get fucked again, Mom?"

       She looked up at me in wonderment.

       "You mean it?"

       I nodded, and Mom wiggled her hips with pleasure. She pulled my
    face down to hers and mashed her mouth onto mine. We kissed fiercely,
    our lips meshed, our tongues lashing. I pushed hard into Mom's cunt
    again, making her moan into my mouth.

       "Roll over, Mom," I whimpered, pulling my cock from her cunt. "I
    wanna do you from behind."

       Grinning lewdly, Mom rolled over onto her stomach, lifting her
    compact little butt into the air in front of me. I gazed at her
    upthrust ass. Her puckered little asshole was visible, and I longed
    to fuck it, but I didn't know how she'd react to that just yet, so I
    concentrated on her cunt. Her deliciously obscene position gave me an
    excellent view of her pussy, and Mom knew it. She was waggling her
    naked charms to and fro like a whore, knowing full well how excited I
    was. The puffy lips of Mom's cunt were very wet, her pussy hair
    beaded and glistening with dripping fuck-juices, as I moved behind
    her.

       "Now, Billy,", she whimpered. "Do it again. Fuck me again!"

       Mom obviously wanted it real bad, so I scrambled up behind her
    and shoved my cock into her cunthole, staring as the bulbous head
    parted and spread her soft pussylips. Then, grabbing her slender
    hips, I lunged right in, burying my cock up to the balls again in
    Mom's delicious cunt. She let out a husky groan at the sudden, deep
    penetration and turned her head to look at me, her eyes glazed over
    with passion.

       "Ohhhhhh, Billy, yes, yes! Fuck Momma with that big hard cock,
    baby!"

       Holding her hips, I fucked my cock in and out, watching Mom's
    cuntlips grip it. Each thrust of my cock made her asshole crinkle
    tightly. I dug my fingers into my mother's flesh, and began fucking
    her with wild in-and-out lunges. Mom began to moan and squeal, her
    eyes shut tight as she dug her fingers into the bed, twisting her
    uplifted ass about lewdly.

       "Your cock!... Oooooh, Billy, your cock is so hard!" she gasped.
    "Your cock is so hard and it goes in so deep! Oooh, baby, baby! Fuck
    me! Fuck mother! Ahhh, I've never felt it so good before! Oh, yes,
    honey! Fuck me!"

       I was grunting, banging into her with short, hard fuck-thrusts.
    Each rough lunge of my cock caused her nipples to rub against the
    sheets. Mom arched her ass as high as she could, her knees parted,
    shoving her cunt back onto my cock like a whore. She was a whore
    alright... my personal whore!

       Mom was moaning and whimpering like she was about to explode with
    ecstasy. Feeling a scream building, she stuffed her hand into her
    mouth, her cunt was working incessantly on my cock, squeezing it with
    her tight, hot cunt-walls. I could feel my balls smash against her
    ass as she strained to get my prick as deep as she could inside of
    her.

       "Mom, you're gonna come again!" I panted. "I can feel it! Your
    cunt is gripping my cock like a vice... you're gonna come again!"

       "Oh, yeah, I am!" she sobbed, shaking her naked ass lewdly. "I'm
    gonna to come again! Billy. Ooooohh, baby! Mommy's cunt is burning
    up! Fuck me, lover! Fuck mother's cunt hard!"

       I fucked in a frenzy, leaning across her back, my hands now
    gripping her tits tightly. Mom cried out and strained as hard as she
    could onto my cock. Her clit bulged and throbbed, her hairy cunt-lips
    clinging to the shaft of my prick.

       "Ohhhh, Mom!" I yelped.

       "Come, Billy!" Mom sobbed. "You have to come, baby!"

       "You too, Mom!"

       "Unnnghhhhhhh, yes!"

       My body stiffened and I threw my head back, my eyes tightly
    closed. I pulled hard on her hips, cramming my cock as far into Mom's
    cunt as I could. Mom pushed her ass back at me with all her strength,
    her breath coming in sharp, throaty gasps and her eyes bulging.

       "Cum in my cunt!" she screamed. "Billy, cum in my hot fuckin' cunt!"

       I was struggling to breathe, my fingers pulling at her tits. My
    balls were painfully tight. Then, suddenly I was spewing hot cum deep
    up into my mother's convulsing fuckhole, coming up her quivering cunt
    with gushing force.

       Mom screamed again, her cunt filling with my cock-cream as we both
    came in spasms that sent tremors up and down our naked bodies. Mom
    was sobbing with rapture, grinding her naked ass wantonly as I
    continued to spurt hot jism over and over into her receptive cunt.

       The squeezing of her pussy made I feel as if it were sucking my
    cock, drawing the fuck-juice out of my balls. I grunted and yelped
    against the smooth, sweaty skin of my mother's ass, fucking her
    deeply throughout her orgasm and mine.

       The insides of both our thighs were slippery where warm fuck-slime
    had oozed from Mom's cunt. Her asshole seemed to crinkle gently, and
    her clit grazing slowing up and down the shaft of my cock was the
    most wonderful feeling.

       I pulled my cock from Mom's slippery cunt and rolled onto my back,
    still panting.

       Mom hugged me tightly and we held each other close for a long,
    long time.

       "Are we gonna do this on a regular basis now, Mom?", I asked,
    gently stroking her puffy, leaking cunthole.

       "Ummmm, mmmmm! I hope so baby!", Mom replied gripping my sticky
    cock with both hands. "After what you just did, son, I don't think I
    could live without it!"

       Well, as it turned out, Mom didn't have to.... and neither did
    Sara, I still deliver HER groceries regularly.

       Now all I gotta do is find a way to get them together. :)

                                The End.


Filename: DARK&DEL.TXT
Title: Dark and Delicious
Author: Incest
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                            "Dark and Delicious"
                                  By EROS

       I am a tall, well-built white guy of twenty-six, married with two
       kids. About two years ago when I was doing some drilling work in
       the South, I met a seventeen-year-old black girl named Sarah on
       the ranch where I was drilling.  She was one of the prettiest
       black girls I have ever seen, shiny blue/black hair, great soft
       brown eyes, a full sensitive mouth.  She was slightly on the
       skinny side, but in my opinion, it only made her more alluring.
       With her body and looks, she could easily have been one of those
       catwalk models you see on TV.

       We were both a bit lonely, although I guess I was more horny than
       anything, not having seen my wife for over a month.  One night at
       a party, we got to talking and drinking, and before long the
       conversation was getting quite intimate.  Sarah told me she'd
       just split up with her boyfriend.  I said I was sorry, but she
       said not to worry, he was an asshole anyway, and all she really
       missed was the regular sex... especially oral sex.

       She saw the glint in my eye and I told her that was my favourite
       too.  Anyway, one thing led to another, and by the end of the
       night we were out back in the shed, Sara with her dress up around
       her waist and her panties pulled to one side while I licked and
       sucked hungrily on her gorgeous black cunt.  She came and came
       and came as I tongued that tasty gash, and then finally she
       sucked me hard and I fucked her doggy style till we both
       climaxed. We must have been gone for hours, but luckily nobody at
       the party missed us.

       After that, I would drop in on Sarah, two or three times a week
       for the express purpose of going down on her.  That girl was some
       of the best eating pussy I have found. And she was wild getting
       my cock rammed up her cunt and ass, too.  That was all we ever
       did together...  fucking and sucking...  and then some more
       fucking and sucking.  Her favorite was to have me eat her out
       while she sucked my cock, and we would happily do that for hours.
       She playfully called me her "personal and private cunt-sucker"
       when we were alone.

       Her parents and her younger brother and sister knew about me,
       too, because Sarah told them exactly what I did to her.  Her dad
       would grin and kid me about eating her, telling me that it was
       good for acid indigestion, etc.  Her easy-going mother would
       smile and shake her dark head and murmur about the "nasty things
       these youngsters do nowadays", and warn Sarah about getting
       pregnant, even though she knew that no female can get pregnant on
       saliva.  Her kid sister, Becky's eyes would shine when she saw
       me.  She was as pretty as Sarah but she was only fourteen.  Her
       fifteen-year-old brother, David would draw me aside and ask me
       how you go about eating a cunt. But, they were all happy for
       Sarah because she was getting the thing she wanted and loved.

       Sarah had a rather small cunt, a real tight fit around my tongue,
       and an even tighter fit around my rather large cock. Sometimes I
       had to push real hard just to get my tongue into her.  It was
       beautiful to look at, with had tiny, plumpish, dark lips with a
       long, delicately pink slit between them, a hole which was
       incredibly tight and hot and deep, a nice big clitoris which was
       easily located and which was always erect, and everything was
       covered very nicely by a small well-trimmed patch of kinky black
       hair which extended downward and disappeared into the deep cleft
       of her dusky ass.

       Her titties looked like a pair of tan melons on her chest, and
       had large dark-pink nipples.  Her waist was tiny, and curved
       outward demurely into her softly rounded hips and dimpled,
       squirmy rear end, then on down into her long slender thighs and
       dimpled knees. She was like light brown velvet all over, and she
       kept herself squeaky clean.

       I loved to give that girl tongue baths, licking and kissing all
       over her pretty face, her lips and eyes and forehead, her cheeks
       and throat, out her shoulders and down her arms, all the while
       petting her big hairy cunt or titties.  She would get hotter and
       hotter, and I would move all over her naked body, licking her
       hips and thighs, her knees and belly, over her breasts and
       nipples, up and down her back and all over her dimpled buttocks,
       sucking at her puckered asshole.

       By the time I reached her cunt it would be delightfully wet and
       actually quivering delicately for me.  She would hold those
       lovely full thighs open and up, and I would devour her entire
       crotch, never leaving it in less than an hour.  The more Sarah's
       cunt was eaten, the better it seemed to get. Then I would climb
       on top and fuck her and fuck her, till she juiced all over my
       prick and I emptied my balls once more into that tight, gooey
       little cunthole. Then she'd lick me clean and we'd start all over
       again.

       If she was having her period, she never let me go empty-handed.
       She would give me a very nice blowjob.  She always warned me not
       to tell her mom about that, fearing that the older lady would
       shit up her back if she knew that Sarah was a cock-sucker.  But,
       I think her mom already suspected it, anyway, because more than
       once I heard her grumbling about "the girls are just as bad as
       the boys when it comes to doing that nasty stuff!" She would give
       Sarah a direct gaze when she muttered it, too.  I think she
       suspected that her daughter would not let me leave unfulfilled,
       and she understood that Sarah liked me very much.

       One day I went around to Sarah's place but she wasn't home.  Her
       little sister let me in, and told me Sarah had gone shopping
       downtown with her mother.  I was more that a little disappointed
       since I was looking forward to a little deep and meaningful
       cunt-sucking with Sarah. Becky asked me if I wanted to stay
       anyway, but I said I should really go. Then I saw that look in
       her eyes again. She was wearing a pair if tight, white shorts,
       and her little tits looked just great under her short "T" shirt.

       "Can't I do anything to persuade you to stay?", she asked
       lifting up her shirt and showing me her tits.

       I mumbled something, but my mind was on her gorgeous brown
       fourteen-year-old body.  Her budding tits were much smaller than
       Sarah's, but wonderfully formed...  a perfect mouthful.  My cock
       betrayed my interest and when young Becky saw that, she pounced.
       The little kid had my cock out of my pants faster than a rabbit
       out of a drainpipe.

       She fastened onto it with her mouth and began sucking.  She was
       good, real good...  much too good for her first time. Between
       moans I asked her how she had got so good at it.  The pretty
       little girl took her mouth off my prick long enough to tell me
       that she had been sucking her brother's cock for weeks now.  I
       asked her if he sucked her cunt too, but she shook her head and
       told me that David had tried once and was almost sick.  I told
       her he was crazy to pass that up and asked if she wanted me to
       show her what it was like. She readily agreed and I told her to
       take off her shorts and spread her legs real wide so I could get
       at her little cunt.

       I gasped as she stood up and pulled down her shorts.  She wasn't
       wearing any panties and her chocolate-coloured pussy was almost
       hairless.  The lips of her cunt were tightly clamped together,
       and remained so even when I sat her on the edge of the couch and
       pulled her thighs wide apart. Just a thin, glistening line of
       pink bisected her bald little cuntmound.  I wet my lips and
       looked into her big gorgeous brown eyes.

       "You sure you want me to suck your pussy, Becky?", I asked.

       "Ohhh, yes! Please!", she begged. "David's tongue felt so good
       on my cunny that time he tried it. Oooooooooooh, do it to me,
       pleeeeease!"

       I grabbed her knees and forced her little legs further apart,
       telling her to hunch her hips up towards me. Her tiny, girlish
       twat quivered before me like jelly on a plate, and with a moan I
       buried my face in it, sucking and licking, nuzzling and probing,
       covering every inch of her delicious young crotch with my busy
       tongue.  In no time at all, sexy little Becky was squealing in
       mindless, adolescent pleasure.

       "Ooooooooohhh, yes, suck my cunt!", she whimpered. "Suck me off
       like you suck, Sarah! I want to cum like Sarah!

       And come she did.  Within minutes, she was bucking her quivering
       little cunt up off the couch like crazy, forcing my tongue deeper
       and deeper into the hot, juicy wetness of her sizzling young
       fuckhole. I slurped and licked and probed, sending the child into
       orbit when I latched onto her stiff little clit and sucked hard.

       "UUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHH!  GOD!  I'M CUMMMMMING!  JESUS!  FUCK!
       AHHHHHHGHHH", Becky screamed. She jerked and whimpered and
       bucked, squirming in ecstasy as she experienced the first
       cunt-sucked orgasm of her young life.

       I sucked up all her tasty juvenile spendings and licked her gooey
       little gash clean before letting her collapse back onto the
       couch in a near faint. She looked so gorgeous lying there, her
       hair all over the place, her legs sprawled wide apart and her
       naked tits bobbing up and down on her heaving chest. My cock grew
       as hard as a rock as I stared down at her gorgeous young body.

       Becky looked up and saw it. She asked if I wanted her to suck it
       off.  She loved doing that to her brother she explained,
       especially when he shot his hot cream into her mouth. But I said
       no, she could do that later, I had something better in mind. She
       smiled and asked me what.

       "Have you ever been fucked, Becky?", I asked lying next to her.

       She looked down at my massive cock and shook her head.

       "No... but I want to," she murmured wrapping her tiny fingers
       around my eager stiffness.

       "Good, honey," I smiled, "Because I'm gonna fuck you right now.
       Lie back and spread your legs again!"

       She did as I told her and I got between her thighs, pointing the
       tip of my prick at her little slit.  The size difference between
       my cockhead and the tiny entrance of her cunt seemed incredible,
       but I was so horny to fuck the gorgeous little kid that it didn't
       bother me one bit that she was only fourteen and never been
       fucked...  if anything it turned me on even more!  I thrust
       forwards and watched as the scarlet head of my prick parted her
       dark, caramel cuntlips.

       Becky moaned a bit and I pushed harder, feeling an incredible
       tightness envelop my cock as it slid slowly into her. She gasped
       for breath as I hunched again breaking her hymen.  It tore easily
       and soon I was balls deep in the tightest, hottest, juiciest cunt
       I had ever fucked. Her big sister was nowhere near as tight!

       Becky's little heels gripped my ass as I began to move inside
       her. We both watched in awe as my prick pulled out, wet and shiny
       with her young juices. Her cuntlips gripped and sucked at my
       shaft like a little mouth, pulling out around it as it left her
       tiny cunt. Then I rammed in again, finding the access much easier
       now that her elastic young cunt-muscles had grown accustomed to
       my huge girth.

       There was a funny expression on her pretty young face, not fear
       or pain, simply wonderment....  wonderment at having a man's cock
       stuffed up her fourteen-year-old cunt for the first time. Sweet
       little Becky wasn't a girl any more... she was a woman.

       "Mmmmmmm, that feels sooooo goooooood!", she moaned, lifting her
       skinny little hips up at me. "Is it all the way in?"

       "Yessss!", I hisssed, resisting the urge to ram my cock deeper
       into her snug little snatch.

       "Good, then fuck me!", Becky pleaded. "Move in me and fuck me!
       Ohh, pleeeeeeease, fuck me like you fuck my sister!

       I had intended to take it easy on her, this being her first time
       and all, but when I heard the little kid begging for it like
       that, I simply snapped. Gripping her by the ass, I lunged forward
       and fucked into her recently-virgin cunt. Not real hard at first,
       just a few smooth, shallow strokes. But when Becky started to
       buck her tiny hips up at me in return, I gave it to her harder,
       fucking her tight, eager little cunt long and hard and deep.

       She couldn't stop moaning obscenities into my ear.  Telling me
       she'd let me do all sorts of dirty things to her if only I
       wouldn't stop fucking her cunt. I had no intention of stopping,
       this was the best fuck of my life! I reamed the little kid out
       for what seemed like ages before she came. All the while my own
       orgasm was rising closer and closer to the brink of no return.
       When I felt her little cunt squeeze and contract around my cock
       in orgasm, it pushed me over the edge too and I came like a fire
       hose... at least that's what it felt like, as my cum filled her
       tiny cunthole and squirted out around the base of my cock,
       coating her cuntlips and crotch with a torrent of white sticky
       sperm.

       We could have done more that first day, but Sarah and her mother
       came home and we had to dress quickly so that by the time they
       entered we were seen to be sitting chatting at the table like
       nothing untoward had happened. Sarah took me to her room and
       locked the door as she always did. She said she was really hot
       for a good suck and lifted her dress to show me the saturated
       silk strip between her gorgeous brown thighs. She pulled the
       crotch of her panties aside and told me to suck her cunt quick.

       I nuzzled my face into her juicy twat and licked her clean,
       making Sarah come a dozen times before she was satisfied. Then
       she took off all her clothes and lay back on the bed, with her
       legs spread wide.

       "Now, fuck me, you bastard!", she growled, "Fuck me like you
       just fucked Becky!"

       "Huh?", I blurted, "How... er.. um... h..how did you know?"

       "I can smell her cunt on you, " replied Sarah with a wry little
       smile, "besides, she and I planned it this way."

       "What...", I was speechless.

       "Shut up and just fuck me, okay", whispered Sarah, "I'm horny as
       a mare on heat."

       I was too stupified to argue, and her cunt looked so inviting.
       Even after fucking Becky my cock was instantly ready for action.
       I fell on top of her and slammed my cock , still wet with her
       sister's slime, into Sarah's waiting cunt.  We fucked for hours,
       each climax fuelling the next until we both passed out in
       exhaustion. Afterwards Sara told me how Becky and her had planned
       the whole thing.  Becky wanted to loose her virginity and I was
       the perfect candidate.  I didn't mind the deception, even though
       I might have had second thoughts if they'd approached me
       beforehand. Sarah knew that as soon as I got a look at her
       sister's tasty little pussy I'd be hooked. She was right.

       After that, I fucked Becky so many times I lost count.  Sarah
       didn't mind, as long as she got to have me suck or fuck her cunt
       whenever she wanted it, and that was most of the time.  We even
       engaged in a threesome a couple of times. Becky found out that
       although she preferred my cock, she didn't mind the taste of her
       sister's pussy either.  It really got me hot watching Becky suck
       Sarah off while I fucked the little fourteen-year-old's cunt from
       behind.

       After I broke her in, Becky couldn't get enough.  She was like a
       randy little nymphomaniac, always hot and wet and willing, and so
       was I.  Strangely, it excited Sarah that she and her sister were
       sharing me, and our lovemaking sessions became hotter and more
       passionate because of it. She'd always start by licking my cock
       to see if I'd fucked Becky, cleaning her sister's sticky remnants
       of my cock before letting me fuck her with it. Then I'd suck her
       drenched pussy dry.

       Sarah told me that David was getting more than a blow job since
       Becky lost her cherry. She even admitted to letting him fuck her
       a couple of times when she was feeling exceptionally horny and I
       couldn't make it over.  The lucky bastard...  living under the
       same roof with two gorgeous pieces of cunt like his sisters...
       getting into their hot little pants whenever he wanted.

       For days I had visions of him sucking Becky's cunt while fucking
       Sarah, or the other way round... I didn't care which!  I finally
       got round to asking Sarah and Becky if they want a four-way with
       David. They both agreed it would be fun, so we arranged it for
       the next time their mother and father were out.

       It was the following Saturday before we got a chance to arrange
       anything.  Sarah's parents had planned a visit her aunt and
       uncle's and would be gone all day. When they'd left, Sarah came
       over to where I was staying and got me. By the time we got back
       to Sarah's house, Becky and David were already at it. She was
       naked and David had her bent over the living-room sofa, her tiny
       brown ass in the air as he fucked her cunt, almost casually.

       His young prick was surprisingly long and thick for a boy of
       fifteen and I could see Sarah's eyes glaze over at the sight of
       its glistening black length sliding in and out of her little
       sister's juicy wet cunthole. Sarah and I quickly got undressed,
       watching the two kids fuck was getting us both hot. I sat on the
       couch beside them and pulled Sarah onto my lap. She spread her
       legs and sat down on my rigid prick, letting the shaft slide
       slowly up inside her, by-now, drooling cunt.

       "Uhhhh, now fuck me!", she moaned.  "Fuck me with that big, fat
       white prick, baby!  Mmmmmmm, fuck me hard!"

       I did, watching her caramel tits bob sexily up and down as I
       rammed her solidly, plowing deeply up into her gooey, black
       cunt.

       Becky's budding little breasts were jiggling right beside my
       face, so I grabbed a mouthful of tit and sucked. She moaned
       loudly as I bit her nipple.

       "Uuuuhhhh, yeah, suck my tits while Davey fucks my cunt!"

       Sarah came quickly, drenching my cock with cum as her cunt
       contracted around my heaving cock. She quivered a bit, letting my
       still-hard cock soak in her flooding juices, then she lifted
       herself off me. The swollen shaft of my prick left her slippery
       cunt with a loud slurping sound. Sarah knelt between my legs and
       took me into her mouth, sucking her cum off the rigid, slimy pole
       with a hunger that amazed me.

       I heard a cry and looked around. Becky was cumming too, and so
       was David, pumping his sister's hot little gash with spurt after
       spurt of creamy incestuous cum.  I watched as David pulled his
       cock out of Becky's hairless cunt. A thin, milky stream of
       cunt-juice and sperm drooled out from between her
       chocolate-colored cuntlips.

       "Come her, baby, and let me suck his cum out of you", I groaned.

       Pulling Becky's ass around to my face, I plunged my tongue into
       her just-fucked cunt and opened my mouth wide, licking and
       sucking her tasty little hole dry. She had another orgasm just as
       I finished, filling her twat with another load of little-girl
       cream for me to lick out.

       Sarah was doing a good job on my cock with her mouth, but I
       wanted more.  I wanted to fuck the hot little fourteen-year-old
       cunt that was squeezing so invitingly on my tongue. Dave had come
       around to Sarah and was squeezing her tits while she sucked my
       cock. The boy ran a hand up under her ass and slid three fingers
       into his big sister's gooey snatch.  Sarah moaned and hunched her
       cunt against his hand, moaning loudly around my cock as Dave
       fucked her with his fingers.

       "I think Dave wants some attention, honey," I said to Sarah,
       gently pulling her sucking mouth from my cock. "Why don't you
       give him a little head."

       Sarah's eyes were glazed with passion as she pushed her little
       brother onto his back and devoured his prick.

       "Mmmmmm, yeah! Suck me off, Sis", he groaned, holding onto her
       frizzy bobbing head.

       I grabbed Becky and lay her out on the couch. I was so hot to
       fuck the horny fourteen-year-old by that stage that I just got
       between her legs and plunged my cock into her little brown
       pussy. She was nice and slippery from the fuck her brother had
       just given her and my prick slid straight in, meeting almost no
       resistance until the head of my cock slammed into the back wall
       of her cunt. Normally, I could never quite get all my cock inside
       her no matter how hard I tried, but this time was different. She
       was really opened up. I rammed her hard and felt my prick impale
       her tight little-girl twat to the balls.

       "Uhhhh, Becky!", I grunted, "Lift your legs and fuck me, back,
       honey!"

       Becky draped her skinny legs over my shoulders and I hunched over
       her, slamming my cock into her tiny cunt with sledge-hammer
       force. She whimpered and moaned with each impact, bucking her
       little hips up off the couch to meet my every thrust. Her breath
       hot and ragged in my ear as she whimpered out her pleasure...

       "Uhhh! Oh,yes! Fuck, meeee! Unnnmmhh! F.. fuck meeee! Ahhhh!
       Ooohh!"

       I was really ramming her now, rattling her young bones with the
       power of my cock-strokes.  Her tight little cunt clasped my cock
       like a vise and I groaned with pleasure and fucked her harder as
       her sharp nails dug deeply into the bunched-up muscles of my
       back.

       On the floor beside us, Sarah had sucked her brother's cock to
       another raging erection, rubbing her cunt into a lather of
       delight as she did so. But soon, the ache in her loins became too
       much to stand so she scrambled up his body and straddled his
       hips.

       "I've got a better place for this bog ol' thing, Dave honey,"
       Sarah purred, positioning her little bother's throbbing erection
       between the juice-filled lips of her pussy. Dave grabbed her
       tight ass and pulled her down on him as Sarah fed his eager young
       cock up into her cunt.  The boy's turgid organ slid into his big
       sister's gaping twat like a hot knife through butter.

       "Uuuuuuhhhhhhh!", groaned Sarah, as the long, hard shaft slid up
       into her sizzling twat. "Brother, that feels good!"

       Dave lifted his hips and began pumping his cock up inside Sarah's
       wonderfully hot pussy.  It was plain to see he loved to fuck his
       beautiful sexy sister, and she loved to fuck him.  They writhed
       in unison, two shiny black bodies locked in a sensual, incestuous
       dance of lust.

       Meanwhile, Becky was just about going crazy beneath me, her
       little body brown squirming and writhing with pleasure as I
       fucked her hard, nailing her horny jerking ass to the couch with
       every stroke. The kid was panting and gasping for air and I knew
       from the look on her face that she was on the verge of one of her
       mind-blowing orgasms. She really came hard, that girl. I've never
       yet fucked a girl that could come so many times in such a short
       space of time, yet make every one sound like a volcano was
       erupting inside her pussy.

       I glanced over at Sarah.  She was bouncing up and down, riding
       David's manly young pole like a horse. She was about to blow as
       well.

       "Fuck him, Sarah!" I urged, knowing how she loved me to talk
       dirty to her while we fucked. "Fuck the cum out of your little
       brother's big, hard prick, you horny fucking slut!"

       Sarah looked over at me, her eyes glazed with lust as she
       watched my hard, glistening cock pound her squealing sister.

       "Yesssssss!  Fuck her too!", she hissed.  "Fuck her horny little
       black ass off with your big white cock! Give it to her, good!
       Make her come all over your prick, baby, and I'll lick it all off
       for you."

       I grinned and began to fuck Becky faster... harder and faster and
       deeper, until finally she shuddered uncontrollably in orgasm. She
       squealed and screamed so loud I had to put my hand over her
       little mouth while I fucked her so that the neighbours wouldn't
       think she was being murdered or something.

       Sarah squealed soon after, although not quite as loud as her
       sister, and collapsed on top of her little brother in a heap.
       Dave was still hunching his cock up into her cunt as it squeezed
       and contracted around him. He hadn't come yet, and neither had I.

       Sarah pulled off her brother's cock and immediately devoured the
       boy's sticky rod with her mouth, deep-throating his rock-hard
       prick to the balls. I pulled out of Becky and offered her my
       slimy pole too, but she was too exhausted from her climax to even
       move, let alone suck cock. Sarah looked up.

       "Mmmm, bring that tasty looking thing over here,", she said with
       a lewd grin. "I'll suck you both off."

       I crawled over to her and lay down beside David, positioning my
       glistening pink cock next to his shiny black one.  Sarah took one
       in each hand, examining them carefully. Mine was bigger I was
       pleased to note, but not by much. David's was a little thicker,
       which made up for the couple of inches or so it lacked in length.
       Sarah took both our pricks and held them together, trying to
       stuff them both into her mouth at the same time, but her mouth
       was too small. She had to resort to jacking on one while she
       sucked the other. It felt good, even the feel of David's hard
       black cock against mine felt strangely exciting.

       Becky sat up and I told her to come sit on my face and I'd suck
       her off. She squatted over my upturned lips and let her
       juice-filled little cunt ooze into my mouth.  I sucked it up
       greedily, then grabbing her by the ass with both hands, I pulled
       her crotch down over my open mouth and gave her sweet little
       fuckhole a deep tongue kiss. Becky's knees crumbled at the
       contact and she sat down heavily almost suffocating me in hot,
       juicy cunt-flesh, but I didn't mind. She squirmed on my face as I
       ate her out, paying particular attention to the pea-sized little
       nub at the top of her hairless young slit.

       Sarah was moaning as she alternated her oral favours between her
       brother and myself. But it was a moan borne more of frustration
       than anything.  She had to use both hands on our pricks leaving
       her insatiably itchy cunt empty.  She couldn't even rub herself
       to relieve the frustration. Suddenly it became too much for her
       and she stood up.

       "Come on let's go fuck on Mom and Dad's bed," she said. "I'm so
       damn horny, I could screw a horse."

       "Hmmmm, interesting thought," I grinned, pulling Becky to her
       feet.

       We all walked into the master bedroom. Sarah's parents had a huge
       waterbed, and I mean HUGE!  It almost filled the room. Sarah lay
       Becky down in the middle of the bed and climbed between her
       sister's open thighs.  Dave and I watched with interest as Sarah
       dove right in and started sucking Becky's well-fucked little
       snatch. Sarah's cute, round butt bobbed ever so inticingly in
       front of us as she lapped the girl-cum from Becky's pink slit.  I
       looked at Dave, indicating his sister's sexily exposed cunt and
       asshole.

       "Which hole would you like, bro?", I smiled. "They're both free
       at the moment."

       Dave grinned back and stuck two fingers into Sarah's drooling
       cunt.

       "A wise choice my boy," I said.  "But that means you're on the
       bottom"

       Dave crawled under his older sister and lined up his cock with
       her cuntslit from below.  I pushed down on ebony ass and watched
       as the kid's throbbing hard-on disappeared into Sarah's distended
       fuck-hole.  They began an up and down, fucking rhythm with made
       it a little difficult to do what I had in mind, but I finally
       inserted my own prick into the hot, clingy depths of Sarah's
       tight asshole and began to move with them. I could feel the hard
       bulge of David's young prick below mine, rubbing deliciously
       against the underside of my cock through the thin membrane
       separating our fucking organs.  Filled to the brim, Sarah was
       fantastically tight, and I knew Dave was feeling the same thing.

       Becky was moaning and thrusting her cunt up at Sarah's munching
       lips, Dave was fucking his sister's cunt like there was no
       tomorrow, and I was pumping her asshole. Becky peaked first,
       screaming at her sister to fuck her cunt deeper with her tongue.
       Soon after, Dave's guttural grunts of ecstasy and Sarah's loud
       moans foretold the explosion of sperm that instantly began
       squirting deep into his sister's twitching twat. Sarah's powerful
       cuntal contractions and David's jerking cock rubbing against mine
       inside his sister's belly, soon had my own orgasm crashing down
       around my ears. We were all so engrossed in climax that failed to
       hear the voices outside, and all four of us were still blissfully
       coming when the door opened and Sarah's parents walked in.

       My eyes were closed, enjoying the blinding raptures of orgasm,
       but when I opened them I got the shock of my life.  Sarah's
       mother was standing at the foot of the bed, naked! I couldn't
       believe it.  Then I saw her husband, he had taken off his clothes
       too and was standing behind his wife fondling her big round tits.
       I gasped and tried to pull away from Sarah, but my cock had
       expanded to such a degree inside her tight anal canal that I
       couldn't pull it out.  Sarah's father laughed.  Shit!  The old
       bugger actually laughed. Here I was with my white honky prick
       stuck ( and I do mean stuck) up his daughter's sweet black ass,
       and her father actually thought it was funny!

       "Don't worry, boy", he said in a deep mellow tone. "Better she
       gets it from a good clean white-boy than some of the dirty
       nigger trash from around here."

       I gaped at him, my mouth open and my knees trembling. My cock
       wilted rapidly from shock and slid out of Sarah's butt.  Dave
       pulled his cock from his sister's cunt and sat up. Sarah was
       still on her hands and knees with her ass towards her parents,
       looking over her shoulder. Her father's eyes were on the twin
       streams of white, gooey spunk that leaked thickly out of her
       asshole and cunt and dribbled onto the bed. Her mother's eyes
       were on my cock!

       Sarah, Becky and David were utterly speechless at being caught in
       the act, so to speak, but when they saw their mother and father
       standing before them in the nude, the shock turned to
       puzzlement. We hurriedly disentangled ourselves and lay back
       staring at their naked parents.  Sarah's father was a big man,
       quite handsome and fit for his forty years, but it was her mother
       that caught my eye.  I hadn't noticed how stunning her figure was
       until now.

       Normally Sarah's mother wore loose fitting tops and dresses
       around the house that successfully concealed her exceptionally
       young looking body. She was a tall statuesque woman with long
       black hair that she usually had tied up in a bun. Now her ebony
       tresses hung down to her waist. She was very slim for a woman of
       thirty-six and pretty. It had always been obvious where Sarah got
       her beauty from. But now, seeing her mother standing before me
       shamelessly stark naked, my prick lost it's earlier cowardice and
       began to flutter to attention again. I gazed at her large brown,
       pink-nippled tits and then let my eyes wander down over her flat,
       firm-looking belly to her dark, furry-lipped cunt.  Licking my
       lips, I looked up in time to see her own gaze drop to my crotch
       and she smiled.

       "Well, what happens now?", I asked stupidly

       "If nobody has any objections,", said Sarah's father with a big
       grin.  "We'd like to join in. You kids look like you're having so
       much fun."

       "You mean you and Mom want to fuck with us?" David asked
       incredulously.  His question was addressed to his father but his
       eyes, like mine, were on the glistening pink slit between his
       mother's dusky, naked thighs.

       "Sure," said Sarah's mother, reaching for my cock. "I think I'll
       just treat myself to some white meat first, then you better be
       ready to fuck momma's cunt good with that big lump of black prick
       you got hanging between your legs, boy!"

       David's grin spoke volumes as his naked mother dropped to her
       knees and enveloped my throbbing prick with her mouth. Sarah was
       still on her hands and knees wiggling her cum-stained ass at her
       father.

       "You gonna put that big thing in my little ol' pussy, Daddy?" she
       asked, staring hopefully at her father's huge black prick.

       "Honey, I'm gonna fuck you ragged," grunted the big man, gripping
       Sarah's slender young hips and thrusting his cock into her gaping
       hole. "Then I'm gonna fuck Becky's tight little cunt till you're
       both too sore to sit!"

       "Ohhhhh, Dadddddy!", squealed Sarah, hunching back on her
       father's deeply impaling prick.

       Sarah's mother was sucking my prick like an out-of-control vacuum
       cleaner.  My knees were trembling as I fell backwards on the bed,
       the gorgeous, naked black woman's mouth never leaving my cock for
       a second.  I grabbed young Becky and pulled her young cunt over
       my mouth, sucking and lapping at her hairless little fuck-hole
       like a dog while her mother sucked the life out of my prick.

       David saw his opportunity and raced around behind his mother's
       upraised ass. With a groan of lust, the boy spread her ass-cheeks
       with both hands and hunched forward, burying his erect penis into
       his mother's gaping black cunt with a single solid stroke.

       And so we fucked all night.  David emptied his load of cum into
       his mother's cunt just as I squirted into her mouth.  Little
       Becky filled my mouth with her juice soon after. Sarah and her
       dad climaxed simultaneously beside us, seconds later. Then the
       orgy really began.

       I fucked Sarah's mom while David sucked his father's cum out of
       Sarah's gooey snatch. After seeing her father fuck her big sister
       so thoroughly, Becky was so anxious for the big man's black
       prick, she almost raped him. It was the most erotic scene in the
       world watching the tiny girl squirm her little cunt up around her
       father's massive ebony fuck-pole. Within seconds, Becky was
       screaming!  But not in pain, the hot, horny little kid was
       squealing in abject pleasure as her father's big, black cock
       fucked into her tiny drooling cunt like a piston.

       Throughout the night, and the next day, I lost track of the
       number of times I fucked or sucked Sarah, Becky and their mom, or
       how may times David and his father fucked them. All I knew was
       that I didn't want it to stop! I wanted to stay with this hot,
       horny black family forever, and by the looks of it... I'd have
       my wish!

                                The End.




Filename: FATCOCK.TXT
Title: His Father's Cock
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                            HIS FATHER'S COCK
                                (by Eros!)

       Not until my husband's death did I understand the meaning of the
    word lonely. For 20 years, I built my life around him. His death, along
    with that of one of our sons in a car crash almost destroyed my world.
    I was 38 years old and thought my life was over. If it hadn't been for
    my oldest boy, Jeff Junior, I don't that I would've survived.

       Jeff reminded me so much of his late father when he was also 18 it
    was downright scary. When I saw him in the morning, his dad immediately
    came to mind. Some memories were more painful than others. When I saw
    Jeff at the pool with his shirt off or smelled his sweat when he'd been
    mowing the lawn, hot sexual images of his father invariably tormented
    me.

       Jeff Senior and I enjoyed a wonderful sex life, full of passion and
    unbridled lust right up until the day he died. I naturally missed
    having my husband's cock when I wanted or needed it, especially when it
    had been as big as his!

       I know plenty of women who say that cock size isn't important, and I
    suppose that's true if you've only known the small ones. But once
    you've had a whopper like Jeff's, it would be damned difficult to
    settle for something smaller.

       That's why I was particularly disconcerted one morning when I went
    to wake up Jeff Junior. He always slept in the nude, and during the hot
    summer night he'd kicked off his sheets. What I saw that day made my
    heart skip a beat. His cock was lying lazily across one thigh, about
    half erect, and it was every bit as big as his father's!

       I sneaked quietly out the room and caught my breath before knocking
    louder and giving him a chance to cover up before I went back in. I was
    wearing nothing but a tee shirt and a pair of shorts that morning, and
    as usual, no bra.

       As I raised Jeff's shades and chatted about nothing special, I felt
    his eyes boring into me. I wondered what he'd been dreaming about to
    give him such a hard-on, and the emotions I experienced at that moment
    were very upsetting.

       Several things sped through my mind in a numbing rush. I missed
    Jeff's father like crazy and was unbelievably horny, especially after
    seeing my son's huge prick. Images of of the two of them rushed through
    my head and became terribly confused as I stepped towards Jeff's bed.
    It was as if I was detached from my body, watching myself from across
    the room, and what I saw was both terrifying and absolutely thrilling.

       "What's wrong, mom?" I heard Jeff ask

       "Oh, baby, I'm just so terribly lonely!", I replied.

       "Aw, don't cry, mom," he said. "I miss Dad too."

       "I just can't bear it any more," I sobbed.

       My son pulled me into his arms, as I had hoped and held me tight. My
    head was against his bare chest where I pressed my face against a firm,
    hairy nipple that could've been my husband's! The sheet was pushed well
    down Jeff's belly, and I gasped when I saw a mole below his navel.

       "Your father had a mole just like that one!" I blurted.

       "Did he also have a cock like this one, Mom?", Jeff asked, pushing
    aside the sheet and showing me his gorgeous erection.

       "Jeff!" I gasped.

       A combination of shock and outright desire left me breathless. At
    first I thought I had imagined my son's bold words. Had I secretly
    wanted hear them so badly that I had conjured them in my mind? No, I'd
    heard correctly alright, because as I lay there against his strong,
    muscular young body, Jeff embraced me like a lover and ran one hand
    beneath my tee shirt. My body trembled when I felt my son grab my left
    tit and squeeze gently.

       "I know this is crazy, Mom," he said, kneading both my breasts and
    squeezing my nipples. "But I was dreaming about you and all of a sudden
    you just appeared and... I guess I got things confused."

       I sat dumbfounded, overcome with sudden lust for my son. Jeff's hand
    wandered from my tits to my crotch where he rubbed the dampness of my
    cunt-mound through my shorts.

       "You're so hot and wet down here, Mom," he said softly. "Is it me
    making you that way?"

       Finally I had to say something, and when I did, the words came out
    in a torrent. So did my actions.

       "Yes, honey," I cried, kissing him hard on the mouth and driving my
    tongue between his lips. I held his head as I talked fast and furious.
    "I want you too, son! No man since your father has ever made me want
    him so bad. I want you so desperately I can almost taste this big thing
    already!"

       I grabbed his huge dick and squeezed. It even felt like my late
    husband's! I lifted my arms so Jeff could pull off my tee shirt and
    free my big boobs. They swung heavily in front of his face and I
    trembled when he sucked them hard, making my sensitive nipples rise
    like magic.

       "Yeah," Jeff moaned as my fingers wrapped around his stiff meat and
    stroked long and slow. "Your hand feels so good on my cock, Mom!"

       "I've something else that's going to make you feel even better,
    baby!" I groaned, jumping up and yanking my shorts and panties off.

       I took a precious moment to rub my hot pussy as I thrust my hips
    wantonly in my son's face. I grabbed Jeff's hand and shoved it between
    my naked thighs. The feel of his probing fingers in my cunt made my
    knees feel week.

       "I'm getting so hot!"

       "Me too," he breathed.

       He wasn't kidding. Jeff's big cock was twitching like it had a life
    of its own, and I hastily dove between his legs and swallowed as much
    of it as I could. The whole time I sucked my son's cock, I stared at
    that mole above his pubic hair. It was like twenty years had evaporated
    and I was blowing my husband on our honeymoon night!

       Jeff's mouth was busy too. He plowed his tongue between my open
    thighs, licking the outside of my pussy before plunging between the
    slippery cuntlips. He spread them wide with his fingers, giving himself
    better access to my juicy wet hole, and when his tongue pounced on my
    love button I almost passed out with ecstasy. I grabbed his head and
    held it into my crotch until I couldn't stand it any longer. I had to
    have his cock!

       "Do you want to fuck me, baby?" I groaned.

       Jeff lifted his face from my cunt and grinned. "I sure do, mom!"

       "Tell me how much you want to fuck mommy's pussy, darling, " I
    teased, rubbing my cunt in my son's face and quivering as his tongue
    lapped at my burning clit.

       "Only if you tell me how much you want my big cock, Mom!" he
    challenged.

       "Uuuuuhhhhhh, screw the talk!" I groaned, giving his cockhead one
    last lick. I could taste his precum juices starting to flow. "Put this
    big thing inside momma's hot pussy and fuck my brains out!"

       I was thrilled to discover that Jeff Junior was every bit as skilled
    a fucker as his insatiable father. He pulled me beneath him and rammed
    himself into my squishy cunt, burying his hot, hard prick inside me to
    the balls, making me squeal with joy. I was so hungry for cock, and my
    son's prick was so enormous that I felt like I was going to to explode
    as he pumped it into me, hard and fast.

       "Fuck me, Jeff!!" I cried, wrapping my legs around him and pulling
    him into me harder. "I love the way your cock feels inside me, son!
    Make me come with it. Make momma cum all over your gorgeous big prick!"

       My mind was so sexually muddled when we climaxed together, I don't
    know if I thought I was cumming with Jeff or his father. I only know
    that it was an unbelievably powerful experience that left me completely
    drained. Jeff held me tight, his long hard pole still inside me. I was
    so exhausted I must have slept a little until I was awakened by an
    enormous and very welcome invader as my son started fucking me again.

       "I'll never stop missing my beloved husband, but in the meantime my
    son has provided a most fulfilling diversion. When you find men who
    fuck like these two, a woman can forget everything except how wonderful
    their cock feels. For now, that's more than enough.

                                The End.




Filename: JOY.TXT
Title: A Joyful Experience
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                         A JOYFUL EXPERIENCE
                              (by Eros)

    The house was dark and their parents were long in bed as 16-year-old
 Jason crept down the hallway to his little sister's room. He knew Joy
 would be awake, waiting for him, just as she had been every night for the
 last week or so... ever since he'd caught her one afternoon with her
 school dress up around her tits and her panties around her ankles,
 rubbing her hot little 14-year-old pussy to orgasm. Being the loving,
 caring brother that he was, he'd quickly shown his horny little sister
 how much more fun she could have with a stiff, constantly-horny teenage
 cock. She was a VERY willing student!

    As Jason entered her room, Joy grabbed him around the neck, and began
 ripping his shirt open. She'd really turned into a cock-crazy little slut
 once he'd taken her cherry, and Jason loved it. What horny young teenager
 his age wouldn't have a permanent hard-on at the thought of such a hot,
 willing 14-year-old pussy... on tap... right under his own roof!

    Joy was sucking on her brother's neck, and lightly pushing her tongue
 into his ear.  As usual, Jason could feel his cock responding to his
 sister's onslaught.  The blood began pumping into his prick, and it began
 to grow, lengthen, pressing against the fabric of his pajamas.

    Jason pulled his sister around, and started kissing her hot little
 mouth, his tongue probing deeply.  Joy began to suck on Jason's tongue,
 and she couldn't get over how wonderful it felt! If anyone had told her a
 week ago, that she'd enjoy tongue kissing her own brother, she'd have
 thought they were crazy!

    Joy felt Jason's hand part her robe, and grab one tiny breast.  He
 started to knead it, rolling the nipple between his finger and thumb.
 Jason squeezed and pulled his little sister's nipple, and twisted it
 really hard.  He knew Joy loved it!  He couldn't twist or pinch it hard
 enough.

    Jason reached down, and pulled his sister's tight young ass cheeks
 apart. He had a handful of her ass in each hand, and he squeezed these
 really hard.  Joy could feel her body juices flowing uncontrollably down
 her legs as her brother aroused her with his fingers.

    With a bit of maneuvering, Jason could get his fingers into the crack
 of Joy's ass.  His fingers ran up and down the crack, playing with his
 sister's tiny pink ass-hole.  Jason would insert just a little bit of his
 finger there, and he could feel Joy's ass clenching and opening on his
 digit. He just loved it!  The harder he pulled at his sister's ass, the
 more turned on she got!  It really turned him on, too!

    Joy kept getting wetter and wetter.  It seemed like everything Jason
 did turned her on!  She had never had anyone do these things to her
 before. She had put her own finger up her ass before as she masturbated,
 but it never felt half as good as it felt when her brother stuck his
 finger in her puckering anus.  Joy hoped that Jason would stick his
 finger further up her ass, and fuck it. She knew that her brother loved
 it, too, because he kept doing it over and over. She gasped when Jason
 finally slid his middle finger into her ass, all the way to the second
 knuckle.

    "Yeeesssss!" she hissed between her clenched teeth, "stick it in my
 ass. Oh, Jason, I love it!"

    "You bet, Sis!  I love it, too.  Your asshole feels so nice and tight!
 Just like your hot little cunt!"

    Joy began to unfasten Jason's pajama pants, and finally he helped her
 get rid of his shirt as well.  Joy shrugged, and her filmy robe fell to
 the carpeted floor.  She grasped her brother's rigid rod with both of her
 hands.  She could feel the blood pulse and pump.  Jason's cock kept
 getting harder and bigger!

    "Your cock feels sooo big, tonight, Jase!", she whispered. "It may be
 too big for me to get it into my pussy.  I don't think I can take it!"

    "You'll take it, Sis!", moaned Jason, sliding two stiff fingers into
 his sister's slippery little slit. "You always do! Ohhhhh, you're so
 tight! I can't wait to fuck you, but I want to lick you first. You smell
 so good, and you feel so wet.  I want to taste your pussy before I fuck
 it!"

    Jason backed his little sister to the bed.  She lay on her back, and
 Jason laid on top of her.  He kissed her, moving his tongue around and
 around in her mouth. Jason then began to kiss her behind her ears, and
 swirled his tongue over her earlobes.  He moved to her neck, and felt his
 sexy little sister tremble!  She was almost having an orgasm, and he
 hadn't really done anything, yet! God, she was the horniest girl he'd
 ever fucked!

    He let his tongue and lips move from her throat to between her tiny
 breasts. Jason loved the shape of his sister's tits!  He thought they
 were just right for sucking on, and moved to the left breast to do just
 that!  He sucked on her nipple for a while, then opened his mouth to
 swirl his tongue around it, finally clamping the stiff little bud between
 his teeth and sucked on it hard.

    As he nibbled her nipples, Jason felt his sister shudder and moan with
 pleasure, a sure sigh she was ready for his cock, but he was
 exceptionally horny tonight and he wanted the horny little slut to beg
 for it.

    Jason's hungry mouth then went to his sister's other tit.  He sucked
 and bit on this one, also, slipping his fingers into her pussy and
 rubbing her clit until she came, whimpering helplessly in orgasm. Her
 stomach muscles rippled, and she arched her back, so that her brother
 could get at her tits and pussy that much easier!

    Jason let go of her tits, and trailed down his sister's flat, heaving
 belly. He found the sweaty little cavern of her navel, and began licking
 and sucking on it.  His hands found their way to her ass, and he began
 pulling her tiny young cheeks apart, squeezing and fondling them
 lovingly.  He could feel his sister's virtually hairless young pussy
 rubbing on his chest.  The smell of hot, adolescent pussy penetrating his
 nostrils, and his cock lurched against the bed. As always Jason was
 getting extremely turned on by the aroma of his little sister's arousal.

    He lowered his head, and licked up the groove of her slick young cunt.
 It was sweet-tasting, and he gave her entire slit two more long, slow
 licks, probing her squirming little pussy-hole with his stiffened tongue.
 His sister's clit was very hard, and prominent between her tight little
 cunt-lips. Jason licked it several times, flipping it back and forth, up
 and down, with his tongue.  Joy groaned and hunched her skinny hips up
 off the bed, trying to get her brother to suck her clit.

    Jason knew what she wanted and immediately placed his mouth over the
 stiff little nubbin and began to suck hard. Joy almost hit the roof, and
 he had to hold her down with his free hand across her tits while he
 vacuumed her little love-bud into his mouth.  From time to time, he let
 his tongue flick across her clit, occasionally nipping the tiny erection
 with his teeth, just the way he knew she liked it.

    Sure enough, within seconds, Jason felt his little sister having
 another orgasm, and quickly forced his tongue deep into her tight young
 cunt to taste her salty sweetness. As she squealed and humped her pussy
 up against his sucking mouth, Jason wriggled his stiff tongue around and
 around inside her pussy, feeling her spasming cunt muscles tense and
 pulse.

    Joy pulled her big brother up, and kissed him, tasting her own juices
 on his lips and tongue.  She licked his face, savoring her own taste
 mingled with his. Before they had started getting it on, the only way
 that Joy had ever tasted herself was when she sucked on her finger, after
 ramming it into her pussy.  She liked her taste much better this way...
 but, best of all, she loved the taste of her pussy-juice fresh from her
 brother's big stiff cock.

    She rolled him onto his back and began to kiss his chest.  Her mouth,
 alternating between kissing and sucking, worked its way down Jason's
 heaving chest.  She sucked hard on his nipples and then began to swirl
 her tongue around the inside of his navel, exactly as he'd just done to
 her.

    Joy could feel her brother's rock-hard cock digging into her belly
 while she used her mouth on him.  It throbbed for attention, and felt hot
 and ready. Her horny little pussy was getting that tingly, cummy feeling
 again, and she thought she might even have another orgasm just from
 sucking on Jason's navel.

    Joy moved her wet, sucking mouth lower, and took just the head of her
 brother's huge cock between her hungry lips.  She tried to force her
 tongue into the little hole in the tip.  Then she sucked really hard on
 the head.  Her tongue found the sensitive underside of the circumcision
 where the skin joined, and massaged it wildly.  This drove her big
 brother wild!

    "Oh, Jesus, Sis", he moaned, "are you sure you've never sucked any
 other cocks but mine? I mean, you do everything just right!"

    Joy lifted her mouth from her brother's stiffly-glistening prick and
 looked up into his lust-filled eyes.

    "I've never had a cock in my mouth before, you Jase.  I've only ever
 felt one twice. One time last year I jacked a boy off, but it was never
 anything like this".

    As if to show her sincerity, Joy lowered her head back to Jason's
 prick, and took it into her mouth again, sucking on the long, hard stalk
 lovingly. Then she licked it up and down like a popsicle, wetting it with
 her hot, slippery saliva. As her brother moaned in ecstasy, she moved
 down farther still, and began to lick and suck on his balls.

    "Careful, Sis!  They are kind of tender.  Go ahead and suck them if
 you like.  Just go slow, that's all".

    Joy rubbed her tiny fist up and down her brother's cock while she
 sucked on his balls.  This seemed to really get him hard, and Joy decided
 to become more daring. Her tongue dipped lower and licked the area
 between his asshole, and his balls.  Jason couldn't believe he could feel
 this good. He moved his feet, and lifted a bit off the bed, giving her
 better access. Just as he'd hoped, his sister's tongue instantly found
 his asshole.

    Joy darted her tongue in for a moment, hoping it did not taste foul.
 It didn't.  In fact, it turned her on even more!  She shifted her
 position a bit, and spread Jason's ass cheeks with both her hands, and
 stuck her tongue as far up her brother's tight anal orifice as she could
 get.  She could feel his ass contracting and opening on her tongue.  She
 left it in his tight hole, and moved it around.  Then she fucked his ass
 with her tongue.  She was so hot, she was almost cumming.  Joy tried to
 get her tongue up farther into Jason's asshole. Soon, her lips were
 nestled in the crack, and her tongue could get no farther.  She licked
 and sucked very hard.  She couldn't get enough.

    Jason couldn't take it anymore.  He reached down, and pulled his
 little sister up, getting on top of her.  Then he guided his cock into
 her wet, hot pussy. Joy felt it sink into her.  He felt so big! It seemed
 as if she'd never had her brother's prick this far into her tight little
 pussy before.  She felt that she was in heaven.

    Jason began to move in and out of his little sister's pussy, speeding
 up, then going slow, moving almost all the way out, then sinking in to
 the hilt.  His mouth found her tits, and he began to suck on them. His
 hand reached under her ass, and he shoved his middle finger up her hot
 little shitter till his palm rested on her tight little buns. Then he
 began to knead her tiny young butt as he finger-fucked her asshole and
 reamed out her upthrust little cunt with his cock.

    Within seconds, his sister had another climax.  She trembled and shook
 and moaned as she pummeled both her tight little holes.  He was also
 getting very close himself.

    "Jason, I want you to fuck my face, and cum in my mouth.  I just love
 the way you taste.  I can't get enough.  Please, Jason.  I want you to
 cum in my mouth.", begged his sister.

    Just talking about sucking his cock was enough to finish her off and
 he felt his sister's tiny cunt ripple around his cock and her tight
 little ass grip his deeply-probing finger. Needing no more encouragement,
 Jason pulled his rock-hard prick from her pulsing cunt, and directed it
 toward his sister's open, hot, panting mouth. He felt the head pass
 through her lips.  He felt her tongue slashing his dick from all sides.

    Joy loved the taste of her pussy on her brother's cock.  It was the
 greatest. She couldn't get enough.  She sucked and licked and swallowed
 as Jason pounded his prick into her mouth.  His whole length was in her
 and she felt him tighten.  Seconds later, he moved his cock so only the
 head was in her mouth, and torrents of sperm began filling her cheeks.
 She swallowed mouthful after mouthful, and still his jism was coming. She
 couldn't swallow it all, but she tried anyway.  Joy took her hand and
 began milking Jason's cock, trying to get every last drop.  As he pulled
 his prick from her lips, a large white, gooey strand of jizz looped from
 his prick to her lips.

    "Oh, Jason that was fantastic!  I really love sucking you off!"

    "Me too, Sis!", sighed her brother. "But I wish you'd let me cum in
 your cunt just once!"

    "You know what we promised, big brother!", said Joy, kissing him on
 the lips. "Mom and Dad would freak if I got pregnant. You can cum in my
 cunt when they put me on the pill, and not before, okay?"

    "Okay, I guess," said Jason sadly.

    Suddenly there was a knock at Joy's bedroom door.

    "Joy?! Are you okay, honey?" came their mother's voice.

    "Umm, yes Mom! Why?"

    "I just heard you moaning, that's all. Is everything alright?"

    "Yes, Mom, everything's fine," said Joy, grinning as she lovingly
 stroked her brother's semi-hard cock.

    "Good," called their Mom. "But don't fuck all night this time, you
 two, okay? You're keeping your father and me awake!"

    Joy and Jason gaped at each other in total shock as they listened to
 their mother's footsteps fade down the hallway.....

                              The End.





Filename: KINKYBRO.TXT
Title: My Kinky Brother
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                          MY KINKY BROTHER
                             (by EROS!)

       Sonia, my brother Bobby's wife, answered the door wearing
    nothing except a brief silk slip. The hem was less than an inch
    beneath her flame-red pubic hair, which I could see as she walked
    down the hall. I wondered if she knew that she was flashing a lot
    more than the underside of her firm buttocks at me as she led me to
    the living room.

       "I'm so glad you came," she told me. "I just don't know what to
    do with Bobby any more. He's really out of control!"

       She sat down next to me on the sofa, her bare knee pressing
    against my leg. I squirmed in my moist satin panties and tried not
    to stare at the way her well-rounded titties were tumbling out of
    the front of her slip.

       "What seems to be my brother's problem?" I asked. Sonia's
    nipples stiffened visibly.

       "I don't know a nice way to say it, so I'll just spit it out.
    Bobby is into sick, kinky sex, and I don't know how much more I can
    take!"

       "Really?"

       Forgive me if I couldn't take Sonia's complaint too seriously,
    but she was coming onto me hard. I'd let it slip some time back
    that when it came to sex, I swung both ways, but at the time she
    didn't seem interested. Something had obviously changed her mind.
    When she curled her hands around my waist to hug me close, I kissed
    her hard, my tongue spiraling deep into her warm, moist mouth.

       I didn't think to wonder about Bobby. I simply assumed that he
    must be elsewhere, or Sonia wouldn't be acting like this. It still
    hadn't dawned on me exactly how kinky my brother and my
    sister-in-law really were. I had no idea that horny old Bob was
    hiding in the closet, where he could peep out through the crack in
    the door at us... watching for just the right moment.

       When I spread Sonia's legs and bunched her slip into a roll of
    slippery fabric about her waist, I wasn't thinking about anything
    except the tasty beauty of her red cunt curls. I dived down deep,
    doing my favorite lesbian tongue tricks with the delicate pink
    folds her tasty pussy. Sonia sighed, her impertinent butt writhing
    against the sofa, as I eagerly demonstrated to her that I was
    probably every bit as "sick" and "kinky" as my older brother.

       My tongue had just connected with the tell-tale twitchiness of
    Sonia's wiggly little clit when Bobby emerged from the closet.

       "Great work, Honey," he said, winking at his wife. "I've always
    wondered what my sexy little sister was like in bed."

       I sat up, gasping. My dignity wasn't helped any by the fact that
    I had his wife's pussy-juice all over my face. I looked at the huge
    bulge in Bobby's crotch and then up into his smouldering eyes.

       "You really want to fuck me, Bobby?" I asked, reaching for his
    cock.

       "Have a good feel, Sis, and tell me what YOU think," grinned my
    kinky brother.

       His cock felt like a baseball bat under his pants and my pussy
    began to leak with lust as I tried unsuccessfully to get my fingers
    around its rock-hard circumference.

       "Jesus, Bobby! You're hung like a fuckin' horse!" I muttered.

       "Yep! And twice as horny!", laughed my brother reaching down to
    fondle my aching tits. "Let's go to the bedroom and fuck, little
    sister!"

       I was too excited to protest, not that I would have. Licking
    Sonia's sweet pussy and now feeling my brother's urgent hardon had
    my poor cunt literally drooling with need. Bobby and Sonia both
    grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the master bedroom. I in a
    lust-clouded daze, I followed them down the hallway.

       I remembered that Bobby and Sonia's bedroom had always been
    locked when the family visited, and as I entered it for the first
    time, I knew why!

       The bed was one of those giant circular models fitted with what
    he said were customized black satin sheets. There were mirrors on
    the walls and mylar on the ceiling. A table next to the bed held a
    proud display of oils, lotions, vibrators, dildoes, and even a
    plastic pussy! Sonia hadn't been lying when she said my brother was
    kinky. The only lie she'd told was when she said she didn't like
    it.

       While I stripped my brother, Sonia stripped me. I didn't see how
    she lost her slip, but she was so greased up with sweat and
    excitement that it probably just slithered off her firm, slender
    body all by itself.

       To be perfectly honest, most of my attention was temporarily
    stolen by Bobby, who had just presented me with the biggest cock
    I'd ever had the pleasure of laying eyes on.... or anything else
    for that matter! :-) I measured it tentatively with both hands and
    then tried to stretch my lips to fit around it, and it was one hell
    of a major stretch. I'd say it would have to be chose to ten inches
    long and three inches thick. As I sucked my brother's cock, I felt
    myself getting hotter and wetter between the legs. I couldn't wait
    any longer! I HAD to feel my brother's long, hard prick thrusting
    into my aching cunt.

       "Fuck me, Bobby, " I gasped.

       "What about me?" Sonia asked. "I thought you were sucking my
    pussy!

       Bobby already had the answer to that problem. Rolling onto his
    back, he guided me down onto his cock and told his wife to squat
    over his face. That way, he could suck on her gaping twat while I
    fucked myself silly on his massive erection.

       "Ooooh, Bobby, I can't believe I'm fucking you," I murmured,
    bouncing up and down on my brother's deeply-filling prick. "I've
    done a lot of wind things, but this has to be the wildest.
    Uuuuhhhh, God that feels good!"

       "Mmmmm! It sure does! But believe me, Sis, it gets a lot better
    than this," he whispered.

       Sonia's cunt did a tight bump and grind against Bobby's lips as
    she luxuriated in the sensation of his tongue against her clit. And
    all the while our lewd, incestuous fuck was reflected in all the
    mirrors!

       Bobby's wonderful long cock had me cumming in minutes and I
    could tell that his mouth was doing the same for his wife. I kissed
    Sonia passionately as we climaxed, hugging her tight and grinding
    my pussy down hard onto my brother's deeply rooted prick. Bobby
    brought us both off several more times before we changed positions.

       Sonia pushed me back on the bed and spread my legs wide, sucking
    my brother's hot, creamy cum out of my cunt while Bobby fucked her
    doggy-style. It was fantastic!  Every thrust of Bobby's huge cock
    into his wife's pussy rammed her mouth and tongue harder onto my
    creaming fuckhole. Then Bobby fucked me up the ass while I ate out
    Sonia's cum-saturated cuntslit, pausing only when my
    sister-in-law's tight pink hole was squeaky clean.

       We fucked each other in every possible position three people can
    contort themselves into that night, before Bobby was forced to
    bring in the reinforcements... in the form of two, eleven-inch
    vibrating dildoes.

       Yes, Sonia definitely has her hands full with a kinky husband
    like my brother. But I figure it's just my family duty to help her
    make the very best of a very, very pleasant situation indeed.

                              The End.




Filename: LIKEMOM.TXT
Title: Horny Like Mom
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                            HORNY LIKE MOM
                              (by Eros!)

       Pam Fulton and her twin brother, David, had been working for
    several days now, cleaning out the downstairs bedroom.  It had
    belonged to Steve, their older brother. Steve had gone off to
    college, and Pam was eager to get his room, since it was larger than
    hers, and easier to sneak back into the house if she was out too late
    with a boyfriend.

       Dave did most of the heavy lifting and moving, while Pam laid out
    the room's decor.  Being very close, the kids laughed, teased and
    flirted a lot, arguing playfully over the number of times things were
    moved.  Pam was wearing her light blue cutoffs, the ones with holes
    on her ass, and every now and again Dave took great pleasure in
    sliding a finger through to tickle and fondle his sister's tight
    young ass.  At fifteen, Pam had a firm, trim body, and the shorts
    made her ass look round and inviting, even to her brother.

       With her old room empty, Pam and David cleaned the walls and
    windows, then got ready to shampoo the carpet.  They were half way
    through when their mother came in.

       "Hey, great job, kids!", she beamed.

       "Thanks, Mom," they chorused.

       Karen Fulton was almost thirty-six and a mother of three teenage
    children, but she looked much younger.  Pam's friends often
    complimented her on it.  She'd even caught some of David's friends
    staring longingly at her firm ass or tits when they didn't think she
    was looking.  And she couldn't be sure, but Karen thought she had
    even seen David ogling her once or twice.  She didn't mind, if
    anything she was flattered at the attention.  It pleased Karen to
    know that she could still excite adolescent young boys despite the
    age difference. Regular aerobics and a strict vegetarian diet had
    kept her figure just as slim, trim and appealing as the day she
    married, her husband Frank.

       Frank had driven Steve to college, and since it was a long trip,
    he'd decided to stay overnight and return early the next day.
    Already, Karen wished that Frank had taken her advice and let Steve
    take the bus, but Frank wanted some time to talk to Steve so Karen
    relented. She had been feeling particularly horny all day, and now
    that Frank had gone she would deeply miss his presence in her bed
    tonight.

       Even after eighteen years of marriage they enjoyed a regular and
    fulfilling sex life, but Karen found she needed sex at least once a
    day or she became exceedingly randy.  On such occasions she
    masturbated, either with her fingers or the vibrator Frank had bought
    her, but it never really took the place of a hard throbbing cock.

       Karen watched the twins work, and in her present frame of mind she
    couldn't help notice how David's tight young ass nicely filled out
    his shorts.  He had removed his shirt, and his strong chest and thigh
    muscles flexed deliciously as he worked.  Then, Karen noticed the
    considerable bulge in the front of David's tight pants.  Her pussy
    tingled and began to moisten automatically at the alluring sight of a
    hard, male crotch.  For some reason, until now, she hadn't realized
    what a hunk her own son had grown into.

       For a split second, Karen pictured him naked, his stiff young cock
    ready for action...  hot and hard and throbbing.  Just as suddenly,
    guilt washed over her and Karen quickly dismissed the incestuous
    thought from her mind, announcing instead that she was going to do
    some shopping.  It was the only thing that seemed to calm her down
    when she got this horny.

       She asked the twins if they wanted anything from the shops and Pam
    made up a short list of things that they needed.  Windex,
    paper towels, some spot remover, and a new vacuum cleaner bag.  She
    also made a remark that Steve wouldn't recognize his "pig-sty" of a
    room when he came back from college.  Her mother laughed, taking the
    list.

       "I've got to stop at the cleaners too hon. Do you have anything
    that you want taken in?", she asked.

       "Oh, thanks for reminding me.", Pam said, darting downstairs and
    fetching her blue dress. A few minutes later, her mother departed out
    the front door, telling them she'd be back in about an hour.

       Pam squatted down by the rented rug shampoo machine, reading the
    directions on the bottle of soap.  She had just finished reading when
    David's hands slid around her and cupped her firm, full breasts in
    his hands.  She let him feel her up for a few seconds, pretending
    that nothing was happening.  It was only when Dave slid a hand down
    to the crotch of her shorts and began to rub his fingers over her
    cuntmound that Pam finally pulled away.

       "Stop it, Dave!  I'm your sister for chrissakes!", she said in
    mock anger, but the sly little smile on her face told her brother how
    much she had enjoyed his hands on her sexy young body.  From past
    experience, Dave knew his sister was perpetually horny.  He'd spied
    on her and her boyfriends since they were fourteen, and seen enough
    to know that Pam had ceased to be a virgin long ago. In fact, she had
    a reputation at school for putting out at the drop of a hat.... or
    pants for that matter.

       As always, the thought of his sexy twin sister throwing her long
    creamy legs wide for half the boys at school excited him....
    unfortunately he wasn't getting any of it.  Pam went through
    boyfriends like clean underwear, (or was that the other way around),
    and right now she was between laundry deliveries.  She hadn't been
    out on a date for two weeks, and Dave knew she must be horny as
    hell... he could smell it on her.  Like her mother, Pam needed sex
    daily or she went apeshit. Dave smiled. He'd had the hots for his
    sexy sister for some time now... this might be his chance to try
    something on with her.

       "Getting any lately, Sis?", he teased, putting his arm around her
    shoulder.

       "More than you are, nerd!" she countered, shrugging him off.

       "Aw, don't be like that, Sis!", said Dave.  He stood directly in
    front of her so that Pam could see the huge bulge in the crotch of
    his pants.

       "Christ, Dave!", she giggled.  "What have you got stuffed in
    there... three pairs of socks or something?"

       "Nope! It's all me, Sis... all me."

       "I don't believe it!", said Pam, reaching out instinctively.

       Her fingers curled around her brother's semi-hard cock through the
    thin material of his shorts, and she gasped.

       "Jesus, Dave! It IS all you... God!"

       "Yeah! Bigger than Tommy Carson, huh?", snickered Dave, watching
    the surprised expression on his sister's pretty young face.

       "Yeah, much!... ah I mean... um... I wouldn't know, I've
    never...."

       "Yes you have, Sis,", smiled Dave, "and don't try to deny it
    'cause I saw you two at it in the back seat of Tommy's car at the
    drive in one night."

       Pam didn't answer, her eyes were still on her brother's mammoth
    cock bulge, and so were her fingers. Dave moaned as Pam began to
    stroke and squeeze him to a painful erection.  He reached his own
    hand down between her legs and gave his sister's plump little
    cunt-mound a suggestive squeeze.

       "Feel good, Sis?", he murmured.

       "Mmmmmmmmmm!", she nodded. "Take your pants off and let me see
    it".

       "Uhhh, uhhh!", said Dave shaking his head. "You show me yours and
    I'll show you mine." His smile was infectious.

       Pam grinned back at her brother and stood up, removing her shorts.
    What the hell, she thought, even if he was her brother she'd always
    found him kind of cute. Right now, she was really to damn horny to
    care.  Besides, if his cock was half as big as it felt, she was in
    for one hell of a good time. She took off her top too, and stood
    before her brother in nothing but a a pair of tight, silk panties.
    Watching his eyes, Pam skinned her panties off and let them drop
    around her ankles.

       Now it was Dave's turn to gasp. His twin sister was beautiful! All
    the times he had spied on her, it was from a distance, or in the
    dark. Now Pam stood before him naked, her gorgeous firm tits pointed
    right at him, and her little blonde cuntslit poking out from between
    her perfect thighs.

       "Now you," she murmured, eyeing off the huge bulge in her brother's
    pants. "I want to see it, Dave."

       Dave couldn't remove his clothes fast enough, and in a flash he
    stood naked before his horny sister. Pam reached out and grasped his
    cock. It was huge!  Much bigger than any of her boyfriends had ever
    been.  She wondered why she hadn't noticed the size of her brother's
    cock before. Dave placed one hand on his sister's naked pussy and
    fondled her small conical tits with the other. In no time, they were
    both panting for breath.  Dave's fingers were sloshing around in
    Pam's aroused little cunt and she was pumping her fist up and down
    his raging erection like there was no tomorrow.

       "Fuck me, Dave!", she moaned, breathing hotly into her brother's
    ear. "Ohhhhh, I want you to fuck me, quick!"

       Dave picked his sister up and lay her on the couch. He didn't
    waste time with preliminaries, they both new that their mother would
    be back any minute.  Besides, the sudden incestuous lust each felt
    for the other was urgent and overwhelming.  Quite simply, Dave had a
    load of hot steamy cum with his sister's name on it, and Pam couldn't
    wait for him to give it to her.

       Spreading her long tanned legs wide, Dave positioned his prick at
    the entrance of his sister's gaping cunthole and pushed inside.
    Surprisingly, his huge, bloated cockshaft slid in easily, and within
    seconds Dave was plunging rapidly in and out of Pam's hot, juicy
    young quim.  Pam's legs were locked around his waist, pulling her
    bother into her as he fucked her.

       Sweating in the late August heat, they both moaned loudly as their
    thrusts swept them along, urging them to move faster and faster.  Pam
    felt her climax arrive, and her pussy clamped down on David's thick
    cock. She moaned loudly, gripping him with her legs. David thrust
    once, twice, then stabbed his sister with his long thick shaft,
    moaning and spurting his thick hot semen deep inside her. Quivering,
    they lay motionless for several long minutes, still joined, basking
    in the warm afterglow of a quick, but mutually satisfying fuck.

       The sound of their mother's car in the driveway startled them and
    they quickly parted, Dave's semi-hard cock leaving his sister's
    creamy cunthole with an audible slurp.  They grabbed their clothes
    and took off.  David dashed to the downstairs bathroom, right outside
    Pam's new bedroom, and Pam scurried into the upstairs bath, feeling
    her brother's warm cum squish between her cuntlips and run down her
    lean young thighs.

       David dressed quickly, using a wet washcloth to remove most of
    Pam's pussy juice from his genitals.  He left the bathroom and picked
    up the window cleaner and a rag, pretending to be finishing up in the
    lower bedroom.  Their mother came in and saw David emerge, cleaner
    and paper towels in hand.  She asked him to help her carry in the
    load of items from the car, which David did.  He worried about his
    mother getting too close to him, as she seemed to be doing, fearing
    she'd be able to detect the scent of his sister's pussy on him.

       Pam emerged downstairs and carried in the remaining items.  She
    and David exchanged knowing looks...looks that said; "What a close
    call that was!", and "I hope Mom doesn't suspect anything!" After
    carrying in the bags, Pam and David returned upstairs, using the
    shampoo machine to clean the carpet.  David worked the machine, and
    Pam went downstairs to straighten up her room a little, and try to
    organize some of the mess.

       After dinner, the three of them watched TV for a while. Pam and
    David giving each other hot little glances whenever their mother
    wasn't looking. Karen didn't notice a thing, except that maybe her
    kids were suddenly not fighting like cats and dogs as they usually
    did, but she put that down to being tired after a busy day.

       Feeling a little tired herself, Karen went to bed early, leaving
    Pam and David on the couch watching TV. As soon as their mother's
    bedroom door closed, David reached out and ran his hand up his
    sister's leg, cupping Pam's hot cuntmound through the tight crotch of
    her shorts.

       "Feel like another fuck, Sis?", he whispered, giving his sister a
    lewd grin.

       "Don't be so disgusting!", snapped Pam, but she made no move to
    take her brother's exploring hand from her crotch.

       Dave began to rub his sister's steamy cunt through her shorts. He
    located her clit and concentrated on stimulating her as quickly as
    possible before she protested too much. From a long succession of
    easy girlfriends, he knew that once you got a girl like Pam hot
    enough, she'd do almost anything and Pam was getting hotter by the
    minute. He kissed her neck and whispered in her ear.

       "Come on Sis, let's fuck! I know you want it!"

       "Nooooo, Dave!" murmured Pam, "We can't with Mom in the house."

       "Why not?" countered her brother. "Steve's room has a lock and
    it's downstairs so Mom won't hear a thing."

       "It's my room now, not Steve's, remember!", Pam said wiggling her
    ass around on the couch as Dave's fingers massaged her moistening
    young cunt. Her legs were spread wide now, giving her brother
    complete access to her squirming sex.

       "I don't care whose room it is," whispered Dave, nibbling his
    sister's earlobe. "You're as horny as I am, Sis! Let's go fuck!"

       Pam reached out and squeezed her brother's cock-bulge through his
    jeans, clearly impressed with the size and hardness of it.

       "Okay, I guess we'd better, brother dear," she grinned, "before
    that monster busts right out of your jeans!"

       Dave followed his sister down the stairs and into her new room.
    Once inside, they embraced, kissing passionately and letting the
    incestuous excitement of the moment arouse them.  Pam led David to
    the bed, and began unzipping her brother's jeans. David kicked off
    his shoes, and she slid his jeans off, folding them neatly and
    placing them under his shoes by the bed.  David's shirt followed.
    David, in turn, removed Pam's white T-shirt, and her tight shorts,
    feeling the heat from her loins as he removed her moist panties.  Pam
    knelt in front of David and began sucking on his stiff shaft.

       She licked her brother's balls and rubbing his cock all over her
    face. They both strained to keep their voices down, and to listen for
    sounds of their mother coming down the stairs. Fortunately, the
    stairs creaked loudly in several places.  Pam made loud slurping
    noises as she sucked on her brother's cock-meat, noises that usually
    only occur with a very large mouthful of prick.  Pam even pushed her
    breasts up between his legs, caressing his balls with her button-hard
    nipples.

       Pam looked sexily up at her brother and whispered softly. "Come in
    my mouth, David."

       Her lips sank back down over his thick shaft, sucking him as far
    as she could.  David moaned softly, feeling his cock swelling and
    straining to fire into her velvety mouth.  Pam removed the throbbing
    shaft and licked it, smiling up at her brother's reaction. David
    looked down, seeing his pretty blonde sister's eyes sparkle and her
    tongue lapping his cock.  It was all he could take. Pam was licking
    up the length of his warm shaft.  Just as her tongue brushed the
    glans, David's thick, hot sperm gushed out, the thick shaft throbbing
    mightily in her small hand.

       The spurting cum landed on the side of Pam's face with a warm, wet
    splat, and she quickly slid his cock back into her mouth. Another
    spurt sent his warm, salty jism splashing against the back of her
    throat, and she swallowed in reflex.  Another squirt followed and Pam
    held this one in her mouth, savoring the hot, salty taste of her
    brother's sperm.  Pam finished by holding David's cock to her chest
    and milking the last of his cum onto her tits with her hands.  David
    looked down at his sister, and she giggled quietly.  She looked back
    at him, an impish gleam in her eye.  Her tongue licked her lips, and
    she let a little sperm trickle down from the corner of her mouth
    before licking it back up, then swallowing noisily. Pam licked
    David's cock off and then knelt on the floor, showing him her
    succulent ass.

       "Fuck me doggy-style, David!", she pleaded, wiggling her perfect
    little butt at her brother.

       David wasted no time, sliding his pole between his sister's legs
    he began to move in and out of her slippery pussy, reaching around to
    massage his sperm into her tits. Faster and faster they went, with
    Pam biting her hand to keep from moaning out loud.  Dave fucked his
    sister hard, her body swaying, her tits brushing the soft carpet, and
    the only sounds were their harsh breathing and the soft noises of her
    wet pussy slurping around his slippery cock.  In no time at all,
    David shuddered and lunged forwards, lodging himself deep up inside
    her belly. His cock pulsed and jerked, spewing out another load of
    thick creamy cum, this time way up inside his sister's cunt.  Pam
    moaned softly in a high pitched voice, quivering as his cum poured
    into her.  They rested for a few minutes, with Pam on the floor under
    him, until their breathing slowed.

       Pam's tightened her pussy around her brother's thick cock, feeling
    his semi-hard shaft twitch and slither in her soaked pussy. She
    rolled over and sucked David's cock, tasting her own juices mixed
    with his cum. She licked and sucked while he knelt above her, and she
    licked from his anus to under his balls, bringing him rapidly to
    hardness again.  Pam rolled over onto her stomach and arched her
    tight ass up, reaching around to spread her cheeks.  She felt so
    dirty doing all these deliciously depraved things with her own
    brother, but it excited her beyond belief.

      "Fuck my ass," Pam whispered.

       She wondered if David really would. Most of her boyfriends never
    did, they were only interested in fucking her tight cunt or getting
    sucked off. In fact she'd only done it once before, strangely enough
    with Tommy Carson, that same night Dave must have been spying on
    them. She half expected her brother to ignore her request and fuck
    her pussy again.

       So Pam was slightly disappointed when his cock slipped into her
    soppy cunt and pumped slowly a few times.  She was all set for Dave
    to fuck her pussy once more when she felt his cock withdraw and press
    against her rear. God yes, she thought, he was really going to do it!

       Pam reached down and fingered her clit, relaxing her asshole for
    her brother's cock.  Dave pressed in slowly, spreading her asshole
    wide and Pam cried out, muffling her whimpers of delight with a
    pillow.  Wider and wider the head of his cock spread her tight hole,
    until with a soft pop, he slid into her ass.  Pam, feeling very horny
    and naughty, leaned back, shoving her brother's cock deep into her
    spread open ass.  They moaned softly together as his cock slid into
    her tight hole.

       David felt his sister's incredible tightness gripping him, and Pam
    felt as though a baseball bat was being shoved up her ass.  Her cunt
    spasmed several times, making her asshole pulse around David's cock.
    Pam moved her ass back and forth, and then David began pumping her
    tight hole.  After pumping for a minute, David pressed her hips to
    the floor and began to plumb her bottom with his thick reaming tool,
    alternately filling, then emptying his twin sister's butt.  Pam was
    climaxing in small, miniature orgasms, her cunt drooling a thick
    white cream. David shoved his cock deep, the rotated his hips back
    and forth, stirring his cock in her asshole.

       On and on they went for long minutes, until Pam thought her
    brother's increasingly harder thrusts would tear her apart.  She
    arched her hips up to meet his pounding thrusts.  David came hard,
    slamming his cock deep within her.  Pam could almost hear the roar of
    his sperm flooding into her.  Dave shook and pulled Pam's hips
    against him, pressing his cock deep so that he could fill his
    sister's tight, round butt full of cum.  He spurted over and over,
    sending hot streams of jism gushing into Pam's ass, filling her
    insides with his boiling cum.  Pam writhed and panted on the floor,
    then lay still as they both tried to catch their breath.

       David's cock was still throbbing deep in Pam's butt when they
    heard the upstairs toilet flush.  Their mother was awake!  They
    listened alertly for any sound that meant they might be discovered.
    The sound of water rushing through the pipes covered some smaller
    noises and they were tense for long moments.  The floor finally
    creaked in the hallway above them. In a panic, the twins parted
    quickly, and Pam felt her asshole spasm, closing slowly around the
    empty thickness left by her brother's retreating cock.  She could
    feel Dave's cum trickle warmly out of her asshole.

       Dave hid under the bed and Pam slipped under the covers, lying on
    her side and pulling the sheets up over her sweating body.  David lay
    under the bed, his cock glistening wetly in the moonlight.  His heart
    pounded in his chest as he tried desperately to calm his ragged
    breathing.

       The bedroom door opened and Pam saw the dim light from behind
    filter in.  Karen looked from the doorway and saw her daughter asleep
    on the bed.  She closed the door slowly, unaware that her daughter
    was lying awake, facing away from her so that she wouldn't see the
    sperm on her face and tits.  Pam heard the retreating footsteps, and
    got out of bed. She grabbed a tissue, wiping her behind as she looked
    under the bed. David crawled out and sat on the bed beside her.

       "Shit, that was close!" he whispered.

       "Yeah, but exciting!", grinned Pam, reaching for her brother's
    semi-hard cock. "I'm still horny. Can you get it up again?"

       "You hot little slut!", laughed Dave, fingering his sister's
    gaping cuntslit. "Sure! I'll fuck you again, Sis! How do you want it
    this time?"

       "I want to be on top this time," husked Pam, fisting her brother's
    slimy cock.

       David lay on the bed and let Pam straddle him, watching intently
    as his sweet sister lowered her hot cunt down onto his cock.

       "Fuck me hard, Davey! Shoot your cum in me.", Pam whispered.

       David grabbed his sister's taut little ass-cheeks and lunged
    upwards, impaling her deeply. Pam felt his cockhead slam against the
    mouth of her womb and a loud moan escaped her young lips. Her
    brother's big, hard cock was filling her completely. She could hardly
    breathe! She began to move up and down on him, enjoying the feel of
    his long, thick hardness sliding in and out of her cunt. God, he had
    a gorgeous prick!

       Pam reached for her tits and let her hips relax, urging her
    brother to do the work while she just enjoyed the sensation of his
    cock sliding up and down in her pussy.

       "Ohhhh, yes! Fuck me, David!", Pam whispered, "Ram it into me..
    Pound me!!"

       David began fucking his sister's hot little cunt hard and fast,
    and they both felt the rising tide of their orgasms quickly.  Pam
    came, smothering her cries in her brother's neck as she hunched and
    rode his deeply thrusting cock.  Her convulsing pussy grabbed him and
    milked his cock, and soon David felt the fast rising surge deep in
    his loins.

        His young hips jerked upwards, slamming his cock up into Pam's
    tight little fuckhole with a vengeance. His fingers were buried in
    the soft flesh of her ass, grinding his sister's cunt down onto the
    huge thick shaft of his pistoning cock.

       Pam almost screamed aloud as David's cock spurted inside her. She
    could feel the thick, throbbing shaft spurting cum all the way down
    as he emptied his balls into her quivering cunt, warming her insides
    with his hot sperm.  The two lay together panting and caressing while
    their loins pulsed and throbbed. Pam's pussy tightened around David's
    cock, milking the last drop of jism from him.

        They dozed for a while with Dave's soft cock still inside his
    sister's pussy, but a noise from upstairs startled them. Dave got up
    and carefully opened the door. He could hear what sounded like the
    television. He told Pam to stay there and went to investigate.
    Climbing the stairs, peeked into the den and his eyes went wide at
    what he saw.

       In the dark room, clearly illuminated by the TV screen, his mother
    was sitting in a chair with her legs spread, a vibrator humming
    between her legs.  The screen showed a young woman on her knees,
    sucking a thick cock while another thick cock plunged into her
    asshole.  David could see his mother squirm on the recliner chair,
    spreading her legs over the arms.  Her hands were moving in a
    rhythmic up and down motion, thrusting the vibrator into her
    wide-spread cunt. David's cock began to swell.

       A soft creak behind him snapped his head around, and he saw Pam's
    naked figure approaching in the gloom of the hallway. He motioned,
    finger to his lips, then nodded towards the den.  Pam looked around
    and saw what was going on.

       She couldn't believe it for a moment... her mother, moaning in
    passion, watching a porno movie!  Pam watched, aroused and surprised.
    She knelt down and felt David's stiff cock press against the side of
    her face. Luckily, from where they were, their mother could not see
    them without turning around in the recliner.

       Pam felt a sudden arousal wash over her, and she reached up and
    pulled David's prick into her mouth. She sucked on the head of his
    cock, watching the scene in the den. Pam's fingers found her clit and
    rubbed there, getting her very aroused. The movie focused in on the
    brunette's face, her mouth wrapped around a thick cock that pumped in
    and out of her mouth.  The man pulled out and shot his thick semen
    all over her face, the white gobs dripping easily from her chin.

       "Drink it, you horny fucking bitch.", they heard their mother
    hiss.

       They watched as Karen's hips moved even more wantonly, the
    humming of the dildo changing pitch as she plunged it in and out of
    herself. Pam felt as though she'd been seen, and when she realized
    that she hadn't, she tried to suck all of David's cock.  She wanted
    David to fill her mouth, fill it with his hot cum as they watched
    their mother fuck herself with her vibrating plastic cock.

       The movie now focused on the brunette's ass-fuck, and the man's
    thick cock seemed to impale her from behind.  The girl's tits bounced
    as her ass was repeatedly filled with thick cock.  The scene was very
    hot, with images of her passionate, sperm- dripping face cut in.  Pam
    knelt and pulled David down behind her, pressing his cock into her
    pussy.  He fucked her slowly, and then shoved his slick cock up her
    asshole. Pam felt her tits swell as he pushed into her, and then his
    loins met her ass.  On the screen the man was pumping the brunette
    hard, and silently David began to match his thrusts.

       Pam suppressed her moans and cries, turning red with the strain.
    A few moments later, on the screen, the man pulled out and spurted
    his thick white juice all over the brunette's asshole. His thick
    white cum ran down her ass, over her shaved cunt and dripped to the
    bed.  The camera showed the brunette looking into the lens, saying
    something.  Their mother mouthed the words.

       "I love cum in my ass!", she moaned, then added her own line. "And
    I love it in my mouth too."

       The scene changed and now on the screen a blonde was getting her
    tits fucked while another blonde ate her pussy. The blonde was going
    crazy with her legs in the air, moaning something over and over. The
    reclining blonde looked enough like Pam to be her sister, right down
    to a small birthmark mole by her left eye. David saw the same
    similarities and his cock throbbed in Pam's ass. Pam felt like
    screaming out loud but held it in. She would scream later.

       The camera showed the thick cock begin spurting between the
    blonde's tits, showering her lips and chin with thick spurts of cum.
    As the camera pulled back, the man got off and another pushed the
    sucking blonde from between the girl's legs. The girl got up, moved
    around to straddle the sperm-drenched girl's mouth.  Briefly a tongue
    flashed over the girl's pussy, then disappeared as she lowered
    herself down. The new man had a very large cock, thick and long.  He
    pressed this into her cunt a few times then withdrew.

       "Fuck the hot little slut.", Karen moaned.  "Fuck her with that
    big, thick cock. Shove it right up her fuckin' cunt."

       Pam began coming, biting her fist to keep from screaming out loud.
    David's cock was slowing down, pumping her evenly as he watched both
    the screen and his mother fucking herself with the dildo. On the
    screen, the thick cock slid slowly up the girl's cunt again, and her
    hips arched high. The guy worked it around a few more times, then
    lifted her legs, pushing them back. Slowly he pressed the huge head
    against her asshole, spreading it wide.  Pam moaned softly, seeing
    the girl take what she felt like she was taking in her ass.  Her
    mother too was moaning, her hands working like a blur between her
    legs.

       "Yesssss!", Pam heard her mother hiss. "Butt-fuck my slut of a
    daughter's ass.  Fill her ass full of cum.  Sperm her face down. Jizz
    me down, cum all over us all!"

       Their mother was in the throes of orgasm, talking dirty, slutty
    talk, her legs shaking as her hips rocked on the chair. Pam felt her
    whole body stiffen and shake when she realized her mother was
    "seeing" HER being fucked in the ass, just as David was doing to her
    now. David was pumping her butt faster, his cock throbbing in her
    tail and giving her orgasm after orgasm.  The man on the screen was
    fucking the blonde faster too, his huge cock buried in her asshole,
    and the camera showed the second blonde sitting on top of the first
    girl's mouth.

       As the blonde was butt-fucked, the second blonde pulled hard on
    the girl's nipples, distorting the shape of her swaying tits.  David
    reached around and pulled on his sister's, making her moan.  Unseen
    by either of them, Pam's mother was pulling her right tit hard too,
    using the other hand to ram the dildo up her dripping cunt. The scene
    changed, and the second blonde got off the first, the camera showing
    the lower blonde's glistening face covered in sperm and pussy cream.

       The man rolled the blonde over with his cock still in her asshole,
    until she lay flat on the floor. Pam too slid down, letting David
    ream her butt, feeling yet another countless mini-orgasm wash through
    her. The blonde was moved face-down into a man's lap and sucked his
    cock, taking it all the way to the root.  Her throat bulged as his
    cock slid into it, and their mother made gulping, sucking noises.

       "Suck him off, you hot little cunt", she moaned, "Swallow his
    cum!"

       Her finger found the volume control on the remote and raised the
    volume.  Lusty moaning and grunting filled the room, and the blonde
    was making loud slurping noises as she sucked cock.  Pam felt David's
    thrusts beginning to lengthen, signaling that he was going to cum in
    her butt.  Her tits heaved as she thrust back against him hard.  On
    the screen, the blonde lifted her head and the cock spurt into her
    already wet face.  Semen drooled from between her pretty lips, and
    she rubbed her face with the emptied cock.

       David's cock stiffened, becoming hard as an iron rod in Pam's
    butt. She moaned softly, knowing that he was about to cum and cum
    hard. The man on the screen slammed hard into the blonde's ass, then
    pulled out. His cock seemed to shoot his sperm like a hose, and he
    directed it against the girl's gaping asshole.  Semen shot and
    landed around the wide opening, some of it landing inside her
    asshole. The girl's asshole pulsed and closed slowly, more and more
    cum spurting on her butt. Sperm ran down the sides of her cheeks,
    pooling and running into her gaping butt-hole. Pam moaned loudly as
    David's cock shot a thick stream of cum into her asshole.  David was
    buried to his balls in Pam's tight ass.

       "Cum in her fucking asshole, David! Fill her ass with jism!" their
    mother grunted.

       Pam cried out loudly as David's cock seemed to swell even larger,
    and hot cum gushed into her butt.

       "Cum Pamela!  Cum with that hot cock up your ass. CUM!", Karen
    screamed loudly, her body shaking heavily on the padded leather
    chair.

       Pam and David both moaned loudly as his sperm shot out into Pam's
    tight asshole, filling her with it's warm creamy flood. After a few
    moments Pam looked up at the chair, and saw it empty. A moment of
    panic hit her, until she realized that her mother was sitting on the
    floor not too far away, smiling. David felt a twinge of panic too,
    opening his eyes and looking over to see standing naked so close to
    them. She smiled and knelt down, her firm, tanned, naked body still
    glistening from the sweat of her recent orgasm.

       Pam shuddered when her mother stroked her hair, a small orgasm
    shooting through her.  Her pussy had soaked her thighs, and she could
    feel the light caresses of the early morning air on her cuntlips.

       "I guess it really does run in the family.", said Karen, gazing
    warmly down at her children.

       "Huh?  What does?", Pam said, shuddering again as David's cock
    twitched in her anus.

       "Liking your butt-fucked," Karen replied easily.  "Didn't you
    recognize anybody in the movie?"

       Pam shook her head.  She hadn't been paying attention to that!

       "The brunette is your sister Marie, and the blonde is your Aunt
    Tracy. But you two haven't seen them since you were little kids"

       "Who's the man?", Pam asked, beginning to feel uncomfortable
    talking to her mother with her asshole full of David's cock.

       "That's your father, silly!", replied Karen with a grin. "Seems
    like getting an uncontrollable urge to fuck your sister also runs in
    the family!"

       "How did you get the tape, mom?", asked Pam.

       "We met them for a little family fun when we went down there on
    vacation last year and Tracy gave me this tape as a momento," said
    Karen, grinning wantonly at David and Pam, who were still solidly
    joined. "I'll bet he feels three times bigger in your rear than in
    your pussy doesn't he?"

       Pam nodded, feeling David's still-hard cock jerk in her butt.

       "And I'll bet you cum in buckets up your sister's ass too, baby,"
    Karen continued. "I love that feeling when a man squirts up your ass.
    It's so hot and sexy."

       "Do you and Dad...I mean do you two...", David began, unable to
    ask his mother straight out, despite the circumstances.

       "You bet! Your father loves to assfuck me more than anything
    else," smiled Karen, "and it looks like THAT runs in the family too,
    right?"

       David blushed and smiled lamely at his gorgeous naked mother. He
    wondered where all this small talk was leading. He was just about to
    ask his mother when Pam squirmed beneath him.

       "I have to get up David.", she said.

       The two parted and Karen gasped at the thickness of her son's
    still-erect cock. Pam went to the bathroom and returned with a
    washcloth for David, and an idea.

       "Mom,", Pam began while David wiped himself off.  "Monday's your
    birthday right?"

       "Don't remind me. Thirty-six!  Uggh!", mocked her mother.

       "Well, since Daddy's not here, I can think of a really nice
    present David can give you for your birthday.", Pam said, looking
    straight at David's semi-hard cock. "... as long as I can join in
    too!"

       "Have sex with BOTH of you?! You're not serious!", her mother
    replied wide-eyed.

       "I am, if David's willing. How about it? Willing to show Mom a
    good time stud?" Pam asked, almost giggling at the look on David's
    face.

       David looked from one to the other, and then noticed that his
    mother still had the dildo in her pussy, although turned off.

       "Sure! I guess so. I mean, I... "

       "I'll take that as a `yes'," Karen said, smiling at her handsome
    young son. "Can I start by sucking that gorgeous-looking cock of
    yours, honey?"

       "S...sure Mom!", David said awkwardly.

       Karen reached down and finished wiping David's cock off, pushing
    him to the floor on his back.

       "Why don't you let him eat you while I get him ready, honey?" She
    told her daughter.

       Pam hesitantly moved over to David, then straddled his face. He
    began licking her slippery pussy, and Pam began to relax. Karen
    lowered her mouth to David's cock, sucking the head and then taking
    him almost all the way down. Pam watched in disbelief as her mother
    deep-throated her brother. David groaned into Pam's cunt, and Karen
    smiled to herself, knowing that her horny young son would be groaning
    louder by the time she was finished with him.

       She examined his cock after he gained full hardness, and thought
    how good it would feel to have his hard young meat crammed up her
    ass or even her pussy. She couldn't wait!  Karen straddled David and
    slid her dildo out, replacing it with her son's long, thick
    cock-meat. She sighed as she sat down, and Pam watched her twin
    brother's cock disappear neatly into their mother's juicy wet cunt.
    Karen rotated her hips around and worked up and down on David's
    shaft, getting him nice and wet.  She was aching with anticipation of
    her son's hard young prick stuffed deep into her ass, but it felt too
    damn good in her pussy.

       Karen began humping up and down on David's cock, forgetting her
    ass-fuck for the moment as she felt a sudden orgasm overtake her.

       "OOOOOOOHHHH, YES FUCK YOUR COCK INTO MY HOT CUNT, DAVID!  I'M
    CUMMMING!", screamed Karen.

       David felt his mother's hot pussy pulse and contract around his
    cock as she came, noting that although she was much tighter than he
    expected, her cunt was very wet and slippery, which meant he could
    hold out a lot longer than he had planned.

       Karen pulled her self off David's hard cock and positioned it
    between the cheeks of her gorgeous creamy ass. Pam looked down and
    felt an orgasm rising as she watched the head of David's cock press
    into their mother's asshole.  Karen held the boy's cock poised at the
    entrance to her puckered hole, but her balance was awkward and she
    appeared to be having trouble.

       Pam leaned forward and took control, holding David's cock to her
    mother's ass. Slowly Karen lowered herself, spreading her anus with
    the head of David's thick cock. Both Karen and David moaned.  Pam
    leaned back, once the head was in.  To her surprise, her mother
    lowered herself in one movement, impaling her butt to the hilt on
    David's rock-hard cockmeat.

       "Ohhhhhhh, GAWWWD!", Karen cried, clutching her tits.  "Now, fuck
    me! FUCK MOMMA'S ASSHOLE, BABY!""

       Karen began rocking her hips, pumping David's cock in and out of
    her asshole. Pam watched, feeling her own orgasm about to arrive.
    David licked her clit and shoved two fingers in her ass, and Pam
    came with a loud squeal.

       "Ohhhhh yeahhhhh, make me cummmmmm!", Pam cried, shaking and
    quivering her firm young ass over David's face.

       "Suck her pussy, David.", husked their mother.  "Shove your tongue
    right up your sister's hot, juicy little cunt and lick her out good!"

       Pam moaned even louder as David shoved his tongue inside her.
    Then, she fell off to one side, curling up on the floor. Karen
    looked down and saw her daughter, naked and shaking in orgasm on the
    floor.  Her sparse blonde pussy hair didn't conceal the glistening
    wetness on her cunt, and she could see her daughter's puckered hole
    pulse as she spasmed again.

       "Fuck my ass David!", Karen said. "Shove that fucker up mommy's
    hot ass and fuck me hard, baby!"

       David rocked his hips in time with hers, fucking his mother as he
    had fucked his sister earlier. He could feel her cunt juice running
    down onto his balls, the wonderful tightness of her sphincter, and
    her womanly passion.

       "Fuck her!", Pam moaned, getting more and more excited by the
    second. "Fuck mom's hot ass like a dog, Davey!"

       "I am!", David cried out, ramming his mother's asshole with his
    thick cockmeat, plunging into her hot, buttery depths over and over
    like an animal.

       Karen was able to relax her ass at just the right time, keeping
    her son just on the edge, breaking the rhythm at just the proper
    moment several times.  David felt the cum backing up inside his
    balls, from all the false alarms. His mother did it twice more, each
    time begging for him to fill her ass full of his semen. David grabbed
    her ass tightly and began pounding into her butt as hard and fast as
    he could.  Karen let out a long, wavering moan as their bodies
    slammed together.  Pam crawled around and lay on the floor watching
    her brother's tight, muscular ass pump back and forth, his strong
    arms pulling Karen's ass hard against his thrusting cock.

       "Yeah!  Shoot it!", Pam said, fingering her gooey, open clit.
    "Cum in Mom's ass, Davey!"

       "YES!, you gorgeous young prick!  Fill me! Uhhhhhhhhhhh! Jesus!
    Squirt my butt full of cum!", their mother cried, "Fuck my ass like
    you did your sister's, honey!  Make me your cum-filled butt-fucking
    momma!"

       David felt it, and plowed deep into his mother's tight asshole,
    his cock straining deep inside her.  Karen felt his thrust, and the
    throbbing of his cock. A gush of warm cum flooded into her butt, then
    another and another.

       "Ohhhh Gawwwwwwwddd Cummmmm, baby!" Karen moaned, shaking all
    over. "Cummm in my ass!"

       David grunted and fucked deeply into his mother's tight asshole,
    feeling his cock spurting over and over.  His balls were clenched
    tight against his body.  Pam reached up and tickled his balls,
    sending another several squirts of jism into Karen's asshole. They
    collapsed in a heap, panting for breath and sweating heavily.

        David pulled out when he'd gotten soft, and his mother kissed him
    gently, then trotted up the stairs to take a shower.  Pam and David
    went to the downstairs bathroom, and cleaned up. Pam asked David if
    he could come again and he nodded.

       "I've always wanted to do this.", Pam said.

       She led him to the stairs, and about halfway up.  She sat on a
    higher step and told him to fuck her, spreading her legs wide.  David
    pushed his cock into her tight cunt and began fucking her.  Pam
    climaxed quickly, then again several long moments later.

       "I want you to cum all over me.", she breathed into David's ear.

       David couldn't hold back and yanked his cock out of her dripping
    wet cunt. Pam slid down to face his cock just as his cum spurted out.
    David's sperm was thinned by all the fucking, but still was thick and
    creamy.  David's cum splashed against her face and tits, soaking her
    lips with his cum.  David leaned back against the wall, looking at
    Pam's smiling, sperm-drenched face.  Pam's mother stepped out into
    the upstairs hall, just at the top of the stairs. She was naked, her
    hair wet from her shower.  She looked down at the sight her daughter
    presented, and smiled.

       "Oh, by the way mom...." Pam said, turning around to show off her
    brother's cum, "Happy birthday!"

       "Thanks, baby!", smiled Karen. "I hope I don't have to wait till
    next birthday for a fuck like that one."

       "No way, Mom!", said David, walking up the stairs. His eyes were
    on his mother's naked tits and cunt. "I feel so damned horny right
    now, I could fuck the both of you all night long"

       Karen glanced down at her son's stiff, bobbing cock as he
    approached her. Mmmmmmmmm, he probably could too, she thought.  She
    gave her daughter a devilish grin.

       "What do you think, Pam, honey. Do you think he's up to satisfying
    the two of us.... all night?"

       Pam scampered up the stairs and grabbed her brother by the cock.
    "Oooooh, let's find out, Mom," she giggled. "Which bed... yours or
    mine?"

       "Mine's bigger, darling," laughed Karen, leading the way into the
    master bedroom

       Once inside, Karen lay down on the bed and spread her legs wide,
    smiling up at Pam and David like some naked, Greek goddess.

       David reached out and timidly stroked the outer lips of his
    mother's pussy. Her sigh made him braver and his fingers stirred and
    probed freely. He might have stroked her pussy all day if Pam hadn't
    interrupted. His sister was taking control....

       "Davey, I think Mom's pussy needs a big wet kiss."

       David only needed the idea. He lowered his head between his
    mother's thighs, rested his chin on her pert little asshole and
    started licking her drooling sex. He used his thumbs to part the soft
    folds of his mother's pussy, lapping his tongue up and down the
    cunt-slit, curling it around her stiff clit.

       "Oh, David, that's nice!" Karen gasped.

       Pam stared at her brother's tongue licking at their mother's
    cunt, her eyes smoldering as she rubbed at the moist slit between
    her own slender young thighs. She touched one of her mother's tits,
    pulling and twisting the nipple. Karen looked up at her pretty young
    daughter and smiled knowingly.

       "Pam, you look as if. . . do you want to lick Mommy's pussy, too?"

       Pam didn't answer, but her tongue lolled out.

       "She can't lick your cunt now, Mom," said David lifting his face
    from his mother's crotch. "I wanna fuck you first. She can lick your
    pussy after I fuck you."

       Pam squeezed her mother's tits and watched as David knelt between
    her wide-spread thighs, inching his cock into the wet, creamy
    tightness of their mom's cunt.

       Karen, her breath taken away by the penetration of David's cock,
    pushed her hand outward and up the back of her daughter's thigh to
    cup her rounded ass. Pam turned to give her mother a better position
    to feel her as she watched David fuck his cock all the way into
    Karen's pussy. Holding her by the hips, David began to pump, fucking
    his cock in and out of his mother's eagerly upthrust cunt.

       Panting with lust, Pam ran her fingers through Karen's soft
    cunt-hair, excited by the way David's cock made their mother's
    cuntmound bulge out around his impaling thickness. When Pam's
    fingertip found her throbbing clit Karen, squealed softly, shoving
    her hand into Pam's panties, feeling the wet heat of her daughter's
    young cunt for the first time.

       "Oooooh, David, fuck me, baby!" Karen gasped, tossing her hips up
    to meet the plunge of his cock. "Fuck mother! Uhhhhhh, God! You feel
    so hard in my pussy, baby! Fuck me, David! Fuck your momma real
    hard!"

       The pistoning of her brother's cock inside her mother's cunt
    fascinated young Pam.

       "Ooooh, I'm getting so hot watching you two!" she squealed. "Mom,
    you should see how his cock goes in your cunt! Ooohhh, it's
    beautiful!"

        "It feels beautiful!" Karen gasped, lurching up and grinding
    when her son rammed deep.

        "So hot, so wet," Pam whimpered, spreading two fingers over the
    swollen lips of Karen's cunt, feeling her brother's cock slide in and
    out.

       Shifting her hips, Pam turned her naked ass toward her mother's
    head. Karen needed no further encouragement, and plunged her middle
    finger into her daughter's cunt.

       "Oooh, Mom!" Pam squealed, spreading her legs. "Do it to me!
    Finger-fuck my pussy, Mom! Oooh, fuck my cunt... fuck me with your
    finger!"

       Karen finger-fucked her daughter eagerly, churning her ass while
    her son pounded energetically into her liquid cunt.  David reached
    out and began to squeeze and fondle his sister's pert little tits as
    he rammed his prick into his moaning mother.

       Pam kept rubbing her mother's clit. Sweat built up on them, but
    it went unnoticed. The heat inside the bedroom became oppressive,
    but they paid that no attention.

       Karen whipped her ass up and down, fucking her cunt onto her son's
    cock with all the strength she could muster. Her pussy was burning,
    tingling so deliciously. Squeals and gasps of ecstasy bubbled from
    her throat.

       Pam stared in glassy-eyed passion at the shaft of David's cock
    penetrating their horny mother's cunt. It was slippery with
    pussy-juice, his balls slapping at the crack of Karen's grinding ass.
    She could not reach his balls, and shoved her hand under Karen's ass,
    gripping a bunching asscheek as if to help her mother move up and
    down.

       "This is gonna make me come fast!" David gurgled.

       "Yessss! Come in my cunt, baby!" Karen wailed. "I want to feel
    your cock squirt cum in my cunt, David!"

       Karen was fucking her finger as fast as she could into her
    daughter's tight, wet little cunthole, and Pam was trembling as she
    jutted her ass to make it easier for her mother.

       "Uhngggghhh! I wanna make you come, too, Mom!" David groaned. "You
    gotta come, too!"

       "Ohhh, baby!... I will!" Karen whimpered. "Oh, God! Will I ever
    come!!!"

       "Come in Mom's cunt, David!" Pam sobbed. "Fill in her hot cunt
    with jizz!"

       David fucked his mother hard and deep, his body going stiff.
    Karen let out a soft yelp, grinding her cunt up onto his pummeling
    cock. She pushed her finger as far into Pam's cunt as she could, a
    low moan swelling from her when she felt her son's cock jerk, then
    the hot gushing of his cum-load. Her pussy clutched his cock at the
    base, then began to pulsate as her orgasm exploded around his virile
    young prick.

       Pam felt them coming and pressed her mother's hand into her own
    cunt, Karen's finger mashing deliciously against her throbbing young
    clit. With a cry, Pam burst with orgasm, her young cunt contracting
    about her mother's deeply buried finger. The three of them strained
    and clung tightly to each other, moaning loudly as the pleasure
    filled them. Slowly, Karen lowered her ass, mewling with
    gratification as her son's still-hard cock slipped slowly from her
    satisfied cunt.

       When Pam felt her mother's finger fall from her pussy, she fell
    backwards on the bed, breathing heavily, her legs spread wide apart.
    Her tight little pussy gaped slightly open, revealing the insatiable
    young wetness inside.

       "God, that was good!" Karen finally breathed.

       Pam was staring at her brother's cock. It was wet with Karen's
    cunt-cream. Even his young balls gleamed with a liberal coating of
    his mother's pussy-juice. Karen saw the expression on her daughter's
    face, and sensed that Pam was nowhere near satisfied with the one
    orgasm she had given her. David seemed to understand. He stood up
    and knelt between his sister's thighs, spreading her young legs wide.

       "Want me to suck your cunt, Pam?" he asked, kissing his way up her
    creamy inner thighs.

       Pam could hardly speak, but nodded her head. Her eyes were still
    glazed with passion. Karen turned onto her side, watching as her son
    licked his way all the way up to Pam's tiny young cunt. She was both
    fascinated and surprised at her own responses. After fucking her own
    son, she felt no jealousy at all, only excitement as David prepared
    to suck his sister's juicy little fuck-slot.

       Pam leaned back, watching David. The moment his tongue made
    contact with her clit, she gasped loudly. Grabbing the back of his
    head, she smashed his eager young face into her cunt.

       "Ohhhh, Davey!" the girl cried out.

       David licked swiftly, sliding his tongue along his sister's juicy
    wet pussy-slit, flicking madly at her swollen little clit. Pam's eyes
    bulged when he darted his tongue in and out of her cunt. Her hips
    rose and she began to grind her cunt into his face. The juicy sounds
    were loud in the room, adding to the feverish excitement.

       "Suck her good, David! " Karen urged as she watched. "Suck her hot
    little cunt! Fuck her pussy with your tongue, baby! Make your sister
    come!"

       David fucked his tongue deep into Pam's steamy cunt, poking and
    licking and wiggling it until the girl thought she would faint with
    excitement. He grabbed her churning ass in his palms. feeling the
    hot, smooth inside surfaces of her thighs brushing his cheeks.

       "Oooh, God!!" Pam sobbed. "Ohhh, suck my pussy, David! Suck my
    cunt and fuck it with your tongue! Unnnghhhhhh! Jesus, I love this! I
    love getting my cunt sucked!"

       But it didn't last long. Pam was much too hot, much too aroused.
    She began to buck and grind mindlessly, deep, husky moans coming
    from her sensuously parted lips. She smashed her cunt over and over
    into David's open mouth, his tongue inside her pussy, his lips
    sucking her clit.

       Watching intently, Karen fondled her own cunt, one leg up. bent
    at the knee. She was hot, but not so hot she was losing control.
    Watching her son suck and lick her daughter's cunt sent shivers of
    passion through her.

       "Ummmmm! David! David, I'm gonna come!" Pam cried.

       David squeezed his sister's ass, ramming his tongue as far up
    into her tight little cunt as he could. That sent Pam's hips
    lurching up, her cunt tight against his mouth. She yelped, then
    began to come, the spasms strong, making her hips jerk and her
    stomach ripple, her legs squeezing her brother's head. Seeing Pam
    come, Karen cupped her own pussy tightly, a small orgasm bursting
    inside her.

       When David pulled his head from between Pam's slick young thighs,
    his face was wet from nose to chin. He sat back, licking his lips,
    grinning proudly.

       "I like to suck pussy," he said. "I like how it feels on my
    mouth, all soft and hot and wet."

       "You just love pussy," his mother grinned.

       David laughed. "You wanna lick Mom's cunt, Pam?"

       Karen looked apprehensively at her daughter. "You don't have to if
    you don't want to, honey," she smiled, "But I wouldn't stop you if
    you did."

       Pam stared at her mother's open, drooling cuntlips as she fondled
    her brother's balls.

       "That would be wicked," she said in a soft voice. "But, Mom...I
    get these thoughts, these feelings, and it's very hard not to think
    about things like that."

       "Let's just suck David's cock for now, baby," Karen said. "If we
    get around to other things later, we will."

       The boy, was grinning from ear to ear as he lay back on the bed,
    waiting for his naked sister and mother to suck his cock back to life
    so he could fuck them both again. `Shit! He must have died and gone
    to heaven!', he thought as his mother leaned over and began to lick
    up along his thigh. His sister started to do the same on the other
    leg.

       David watched them, his cock jutting in the air with throbbing
    hardness. Their tongues swirled and left trails of hot wetness on his
    thighs. Squirming beneath their hands and lips, David began to moan
    as the sensations rippled through his naked body.

       "Mmmmmm, you like that, don't you, honey?" his mother asked
    softly.

       "Ohhhhhh, yeahhhh, Mom!"

       "Just lie back and let us have some fun, David." Pam giggled,
    sounding totally wanton.

       Karen lapped at her son's thigh near his balls. Pam held his cock
    at the base and aimed the cock-head toward Karen, rubbing the
    dripping tip of her brother's erect prick over her mother's cheek.
    Karen purred softly and licked at the smooth cock-tip, then across
    her son's piss-hole. Pam made a low gurgling sound, watching intently
    as her mother licked and sucked at David's long, thickening cock.

       Karen lifted her son's hairless balls in her palm and Pam eagerly
    kissed them, licking her brother's large, pink ball-sac eagerly as
    she stared up sensuously at her mother. David began to pant hotly as
    he watching his mother's wet tongue swish on the head of his cock and
    felt his sister's lips suck hungrily on his swollen nuts.

       "Mmmm, your cock is dripping so nicely, David," Karen purred.
    "Pam, don't you want a taste?"

       Pam stared at her brother's cock a moment, then darted her tongue
    against his piss-hole, licking it at the tiny slit, her eyes half
    closed in a dreamy expression. Karen lowered her mouth to her son's
    balls, twisting her hot, eager tongue around them. She gazed at her
    daughter, watching Pam press her lips over David's fat cockhead,
    sucking hard as her her fist gripped the base of the boy's prick
    tightly.

       Pushing Pam's fingers off her son's cock, Karen began licking at
    the base, running her tongue through the downy hairs, rubbing his
    smooth balls on her cheek. She kept licking at the throbbing shaft of
    her son's cock and watched Pam close her mouth around his huge
    cock-head.

       As Pam sank down, taking David's cock deep into her mouth, Karen
    ran her tongue up, licking at the stretching, cock-filled mouth of
    her daughter. David closed his eyes, enjoying the wonderful sensation
    of two sets of soft, attentive female lips devouring his throbbing
    young prick.

       As his sister deep-throated his cock, David felt his mother's
    tongue on his cock-shaft near his balls. It took all the reserve he
    had to prevent himself from coming there and then. But it was
    important he held back.... he had TWO pussies to satisfy tonight!

       Her cunt burning, and her eyes gazed with passion, Karen watched
    her daughter take most of David's cock into her mouth. She ran her
    tongue over the girl's lips and down to her son's balls, then up
    again. She pressed her tongue past Pam's lips and into her wet,
    hungry mouth. Pam moaned and began sucking up and down, David's cock
    and Karen's tongue in her mouth.

       Pam moved her hand up along Karen's thigh, writhing her lovely
    body sensuously against her mother as she sucked on her brother's
    cock. Karen moaned softly at the contact, opening her thighs and
    urging her daughter to touch her crotch by pushing her hips forward.
    Pam responded by moving her fingers up into her mother's
    eagerly-offered crotch, caressing the wet, hairy lips of Karen's
    cunt.

       Karen pulled her tongue from her daughter's cock-stuffed mouth and
    sucked her son's balls into her mouth just as Pam's finger began to
    rub at her clit.

       Pam pushed her mouth down, her lips at the base of David's cock.
    Pam's lips met her mother's, making them both moan softly. Excited by
    the highly erotic contact, Karen shoved her hand up Pam's thighs,
    her hand between them, fondling her daughter's tight little ass.

       "Mmmmm, nice!" Karen purred, lifting her mouth. "Pam, let me suck
    his cock a while! Play with my cunt and let me suck on David's cock a
    little!"

       Pam pulled her lips her brother's his cock reluctantly, but
    gasped in delight as she watched her mother swallow it deeply. She
    moved her fingers on the wet slit of Karen's cunt, parting her own
    thighs a bit to give her mother more room to feel her up. Karen
    bobbed her face up and down, sucking wetly on her son's cock, and
    thrust a finger into Pam's tight, steaming cunt. Pam, with a squeal,
    rubbed harder on her mother's vibrating clit, pulling David's balls
    into her mouth.

       David panted as he watched them, his cock burning with hardness.
    His balls ached gently, loaded with cum. His hands fondled their
    tits, squeezing and twisting the stiff nipples.

       "Ohhh, what hot fucking mouths!" he gasped.

       Pam giggled around his balls.

       Karen pulled from him. "What a hot fucking cock, baby!"

       "Mmmm, nice balls, too, Mom!" Pam mewled, releasing her brother's
    balls and running her tongue up and down his cock.

       As Pam's tongue reached the boy's swollen cockhead, Karen dipped
    her face and pulled both Pam's tongue and her son's cock into her
    mouth. She finger-fucked her daughter with more aggressiveness,
    sucking eagerly on tongue and cock. Pam breathed hotly, and began to
    finger-fuck her mother in return. Her tongue twisted along the shaft
    of David's cock inside Karen's mouth.

       David squirmed his naked ass on the bed, groaning in ecstasy. He
    watched their tits jiggle as their fingers plunged into each other's
    fiery wet cunts, their mouths on his cock.

       "Oooooh, God! I can't stand it any more!" Karen cried, watching
    her daughter suck her son's cock. "Let's make him come, Pam! Let's
    see how much come he has left in those gorgeous young balls of his!"

       With their faces close, Karen and Pam licked at the head of
    David's cock, their tongues touching, tasting each other as well as
    his prick. David stared down at them with glowing eyes, his ass
    bunching. He clutched their tits hard in his hands, hearing the wet
    sounds as his sister and mother fucked their fingers into each other
    like crazy.

       Both Karen and Pam were eager to make him come now, and as they
    sucked on his cock they kept thrusting their tongues into each
    other's mouth at the same time.

       "Ohhhh, yes!" David cried out. "Suck it, you horny cunts! Suck my
    fuckin' cock!"

       Karen worked her lips down her son's cock, pulling her daughter's
    tongue inside along with it. As Pam pressed her tongue against the
    head of David's cock, she sucked up and down, mewling deep in her
    throat. Her lips tingled with erotic delight, her mouth wet. David
    began to strain upward, his face starting to contort as the rapture
    slowly became unbearable. He was quickly getting to the point of
    coming off, and his squirming told them so.

       He started gasping, making throaty choking sounds, gripping them
    each by a tit as hard as he could, his head and shoulders lifting off
    the bed. His cock throbbed inside his mother's mouth, pre-cum oozing
    from his piss-hole.

       Karen and Pam both tasted his seeping pre-cum. It made Karen
    eager to have him gush jism, and caused Pam to twist her tongue as
    best she could inside Karen's mouth.

       "Uhhnnghhhh! Yeahhhh!" David moaned loudly. "I'm gonna come!!"

       A huge jet of cum spewed from David's piss-hole into his mother's
    vacuuming mouth. Karen moaned as she tasted his young jizz, and Pam's
    eyes closed dreamily as she, too, tasted it. The spurts came
    swiftly, filling Karen's mouth. Jism spread over both tongues, and
    Karen began to swallow what she could, but the young boy was cumming
    a bucketload and what the horny young mother couldn't swallow oozed
    out around her lips, smearing those of her daughter.

       David cried out with the force of his climax, spewing cum rapidly
    into his mother's mouth. Karen gulped and sucked, and Pam moaned at
    the taste of David's delicious cum-load.

       Thinking he was finished, Karen lifted her dripping mouth. Pam,
    with a squeal, closed her lips over David's cock and sucked as hard
    as she could. Two more spurts of cum gushed out of his cock into her
    hot young mouth mouth. With a wet sound, Pam pushed her cunt hard
    against her mother's buried fingers and began to come in waves of hot
    orgasm.

       Karen felt her daughter's pussy convulse on her finger, and
    seeing she was gulping the final squirts of jism from her son, cried
    out as her own cunt exploded with a wild, hot series of
    contractions. She closed her lips around David's young balls and
    sucked them while Pam kept sucking on her brother's slowly wilting
    cock.

       When they finally sat up, their lips were puffy and glistening
    wetly, their eyes glowing, looking very pleased with what they had
    done for David. David slumped back, breathing hard as his body
    trembled, the light from the bedlamp glistening on his sweaty young
    body.

       "Did I come enough?" he asked quietly.

       "Come enough?" His mother laughed huskily. "If you had come any
    more, it would have choked me, baby! Mmmmmmm, I loved it!"

       "So did I!" Pam whispered, licking her brother's cum from her
    lips as she pulled her hand from her mother's thighs. "I felt your
    cunt when you came, Mom."

       "I felt your pussy, too, baby" Karen replied. "I'd say we don't
    really need David to come. What do you think?"

      "Hey!" David yelped, sitting up.

      "Just kidding," Karen laughed, kissing her son on the lips. "It
    wasn't just our fingers that made us come, it was sucking that
    beautiful cock of yours, right Pam?"

       "You bet, Mom!" giggled Pam, staring at her brother's huge cock
    and balls. "But I'd rather do something else with it!... Can you get
    it hard again, David?"

       The boy just grinned back at his sister and fisted his semi-hard
    dick, coaxing it back into life. A couple of long, hard jerks and
    David's young prick
    began to swell noticeably, well on the way back to full erection.

       "God, you two are insatiable!" laughed Karen.

       "You complaining, Mom?" smiled David, lewdly jerking off in front
    of his naked mother.

       "Mmmmmm, mmmmm! No way, baby! I can't get enough of you!"

       David lay back and stared at his mother's juicy cunt. "Me either,
    Mom. Me either!", he muttered as Karen wantonly spread her pussylips
    and began to rub herself openly in front of her son. Pam did the same
    and within a few minutes, David's cock was once more raging with
    hardness.

       "You first, honey" Karen offered.

       With a low moan, Pam straddled her brother and squatted over his
    upthrust cock. As she settled down, Karen moved closer to watch her
    children fuck.

       Once David's thick cock was buried in her cunt, Pam began to
    bounce her hot, young ass, fucking herself deliriously on her
    brother's rigid cock. She lunged up and down, twisting sideways,
    squealing with pleasure. Karen knelt and fondled her daughter's pumping
    ass, sliding her hands underneath Pam to feel her tight, swollen
    tits. She caressed Pam's creamy thighs, her sweet ass, her tits, then
    her hand moved down again. She held her son's balls, watching Pam's
    little cuntlips bulge around his stiff prick.

       Young Pam orgasmed in no time, bucking and squealing on David's
    cock like a two-dollar whore. Fucking her brother while their mother
    watched had a lot to do with it, too. She had never been so turned on
    in her life!

       "Now me!" Karen gasped. "My turn, Pam! Ohhh, my cunt is on fire
    for his hard cock!"

       Pam rose, and Karen quickly squatted over her young son, plunging
    down hard onto him, impaling herself almost viciously on the boy's
    huge, glistening shaft. Like her daughter, Karen whipped her gorgeous
    ass about, grinding her pussy down hard onto David's prick. She began
    trembling as her daughter ran her hands about her naked body.

       David, too, was touching his mother, playing with her jiggling
    tits. Karen cried out and fucked him faster, her tight, clinging
    cuntlips sliding up and down the length of his slippery shaft with
    delicious smoothness.

       Pam knelt beside them and began to suck on her mother's tits.
    Karen grabbed the back of her daughter's head, cramming her nipple
    far into the girl's wet hot mouth, grinding her cunt down hard on
    David's cock.

       "Suck my tit. Pam!" she sobbed. "Ohhh, suck my tit! David, fuck
    me! Fuck mother! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! Ooohhh, I'm cummmming
    again!"

       As soon as her mother slumped forward over him, Pam rolled onto
    her back and spread her young thighs wide.

       "Me, now, David!" she gasped. "Fuck me now!"

        David yanked his cock from his mother's cunt, and fucked into his
    sister's cunt in a quick lunge. Karen, feverish with heat, leaned
    over and began sucking her daughter's pointed tit. Her tongue swirled
    as her lips pulled. The rapid plunge of David's cock into Pam's cunt
    and the wet heat on her tit brought cries of ecstasy from the
    teenager.

      But, panting hard David, pulled his cock from her, and rushed
    between his mother's legs. He rammed his prick into his mother's cunt
    hard, making Karen gurgle with lust.

       "Ohhh, God, this is so hot! It's happening already!" Karen sobbed.
    "David, fuck me hard! You're going to make me come again, baby!"

       David fucked harder, making wet, slurping sounds.

       "Now! Now, David!"

       Karen slammed her cunt hard against him, coming in wave after
    wave of orgasm, her cunt gripping his cock, rippling along the
    cock-shaft. She was still coming when David jerked his prick from his
    mother's pussy and plunged deeply into his sister's cunt.

       Pam wrapped her legs about his, churning her naked ass in a
    frenzy, coming hard. But David, unable to take any more hot squeezes
    on his cock, pulled free, and on his knees before the two naked
    females, began to come like a fountain. He squirted streaks of cum
    through the sparse hair on Pam's cunt, then twisted his body and
    sprayed the blonde hair of his mother's pussy. He came and came, like
    only a teenage boy can, soaking their quivering crotches completely
    with cock-cream.

       Pam recovered first. She sat up quickly and began sucking the head
    of David's cock, tasting the last remnants of her brother's tasty
    sperm. When she pulled her mouth off, she saw David's jism in her
    mother's pussy-hair and dipped her face to Karen's crotch, licking
    hungrily. Her tongue swirled through the soft cunt-hairs, touching
    the tip of her mother's clit. Karen's hips jerked upward.

       "Ohhh, you'll make me come again, Pammy!" Karen gasped.

       Pam raised her head, giggling. "I guess I almost licked your cunt,
    didn't I, Mom?"

       "Lie back," Karen said, pushing Pam down.

       She leaned over and licked the boy-cum from the hairs of her
    daughter's cunt. But before she raised up, she twirled her tongue
    around the girl's throbbing little clit a few times.

       "There, we both almost licked each other's cunt. Now you won't
    feel so embarrassed."

       "I'm not embarrassed anyway," Pam said as they lay back smiling
    at each other. "I kind of liked it, Mom."

       "Mmmmm, so did I," Karen said.

       "Fucking women," David said playfully. "Never satisfied."

       He was right!

                                The End.




Filename: CAPT_FAM.TXT
Title: The Captive Family
Author: Eros
Origin: USENET



                            THE CAPTIVE FAMILY
                                Chapter 1

       Bobby Mitchell ducked down quickly in the driver's seat as twin beams
    of bright light shone suddenly into the rear-view mirror. The sound of the
    approaching car got louder, and the boy prayed that it would go straight
    past. The last thing he needed right now was for some damn good-samaritan
    to stop and ask questions. Worse still, if it was a cop, he was done for!
    Even the dumbest cop in the world wouldn't take long to find out that the
    car he was driving was stolen. Although Bobby was only fifteen, with his
    past record the judge would throw the book at him. He couldn't chance that
    now. As soon as the other car sped past, Bobby started the engine and pulled
    off the side of the road into some bushes and waited. He lit a cigarette and
    puffed on it nervously. The acrid smoke filled his lungs, but did little to
    calm his nerves.

       "Christ! Come on, mom! Where the fuck are you?", he muttered under his
    breath. The waiting was getting to him and for the hundredth time tonight,
    he wondered if his mother's plan was going to work.
    Cathy Mitchell had no such misgivings. At that very moment, the tall,
    willowy blonde was crawling under the outer security fence of the State
    Women's Correctional Centre. It had taken weeks of planning and plenty of
    hard work to get this far. Not to mention the five hundred bucks she'd paid
    one of the guards to look the other way at the right time. Once through the
    fence Cathy headed off in the direction of the road, where she had
    instructed her son to wait for her. Having had plenty of time in the prison
    gym to get into shape, Cathy was undaunted by the prospect of the two mile
    cross-country jog, especially since at the end was freedom!

       Bobby got out of the car and sat on the hood, craning his neck and
    staring into the darkness. He listened for any sign of movement in the
    bushes but heard nothing except the incessant chirping of crickets.
    Then a twig cracked.
       "M...Mom?", whispered Bobby into the darkness.
    No reply. The hair on the back of the boy's neck began to rise as he held
    his breath, listening for further sounds.
    Nothing. He was about to turn when he felt a pair of hands cover his eyes
    from behind.
       "Guess who, baby?", said a voice in his right ear.
    Bobby whirled around sharply.
       "Jesus Christ, Mom! You scared the shit out of me!", gasped Bobby,
    staring at his mother with wide eyes.
       "Sorry, honey!", laughed Cathy, kissing her son on the lips. "I couldn't
    resist it!"   She threw her arms around him and gave him a big hug.

       Bobby hugged her back, immediately conscious of the fullness of his
    mother's large tits against his chest. His hands circled her waist. It was
    narrower than he remembered, and the warm flesh under her thin prison smock
    felt soft yet firm. Even though she was his mother, the boy's prick
    lurched in his pants. He tried to keep her from noticing his hardening cock.
       "Hey, you've lost weight, Mom!", blurted Bobby. He pushed his mother
    away from him, afraid that she would feel his cock against her. He had
    certainly been aware that it was pressing against her leg.
       "And you've grown since I saw you last, baby. Jesus, you're almost as
    tall as I am!"
    They both ducked as another car drove past, its lights flashing over them.
       "We'd better get moving, Mom. It don't think it's real safe around here."
       "Yeah, you're right! Did you bring me a change of clothes, Bobby?"
       "Sure! They're in the bag on the back seat."
       "Okay, honey, you drive. I wanna change out of these damn rags."
       "Where we goin', Mom?"
       "I don't know, son," replied Cathy. "Just drive north. We're gonna have
    to play it by ear for a while."

       They got in and Bobby nosed the car out onto the road, speeding off in
    the direction his mother had indicated. He was pleased to be moving again,
    the throb of the engine and the rush of air past the windows somehow made
    him feel much safer. Beside him, Cathy began to take off her dirty, torn
    prison clothes, unashamed by her son's presence. As she stripped, Bobby
    kept taking sideways glances at her, unable to stop staring as his mother
    hurriedly pulled off her clothes. The baggy prison smock had concealed her
    stunning figure very well, and the boy's heart began to beat faster as more
    and more of her naked flesh was exposed to his excited eyes. Somehow, his
    mother looked a lot younger than her thirty-six year. Bobby seemed to
    remember her as being kind of plain and slightly plump. But that was a long
    time ago, and this woman sitting beside him, stripping her clothes off, was
    nothing at all like that... she was slim, trim and utterly sexy! Despite the
    fact that she was his mother, Bobby's cock began to swell in his pants.

       Cathy finished changing and sat half facing her son, conscious of the
    strong effect she was having on him. She smiled, noticing the huge bulge in
    the boy's jeans. It fascinated her that she could turn him on so easily, her
    own son! The look of lust on his handsome young features was unmistakable.
    Cathy took a long, deep breath. It had been quite a while since she'd seen
    that look on a man's face, and although the boy was only fifteen, one glance
    told her that Bobby was physically already a man. Handsome and strong like
    his father, she thought with a wry smile. God, how she missed Doug! It had
    taken her a long time to get over his death, but now it consoled her to know
    that she still had Bobby, the spitting image of her dead husband. Doug had
    been fantastic in bed, a real stud, able to pleasure her all night when she
    wanted him to... and she did... often. Of all the things Cathy missed in
    their relationship, she missed sex the most. Her pussy began to moisten as
    her eyes settled on her son's bulging crotch. Judging by the size of the
    lump in the front of his jeans, Bobby was just as virile as his father.

    Cathy supressed a feeling of guilt. After what she'd experienced in prison,
    the fact that Bobby was her own son didn't bother her a bit. In prison, you
    soon learned to get your kicks however and whenever the opportunity arose.
    Cathy Mitchell had been no different. At first, she found the shameless
    sexual advances of the other female prisoners repulsive. Some of them were
    quite pretty, and at first, Cathy rejected them. She resorted instead to
    frequent masturbation, bringing herself off as soon as she was alone. But
    eventually, even that became less and less stimulating. Cathy had always
    been rather highly sexed, and it was only a matter of time, before she was
    willingly initiated into the lurid world of lesbian sex. And for a time
    Cathy had enjoyed it, giving and receiving illicit pleasure at every
    opportunity. But in the end, it hadn't been enough, and even that failed to
    satisfy her. Cathy was one of those women who needed penetration, preferably
    deep penetration. A cock ramming in and out of her cunt was what she needed.

       Cathy looked at her son sitting so close beside her and shivered with
    excitement. He was still stealing furtive glances at her bare legs,
    occasionally rubbing his crotch with his hand. The look in his young eyes
    excited her immensely. He reminded her of what it felt like to be a real
    woman once more... to excite a man with her naked body...to feel his hands
    caress her breasts, squeezing and pinching her erect nipples while his
    long, hard prick filled her sex completely... his narrow hips thrusting
    powerfully... pounding her juicy, quivering cunt into a mass of creamy froth
    as he fucked her from orgasm to delicious orgasm. Cathy opened her legs a
    fraction as the heat between her damp thighs became intense. Bobby noticed
    the movement and nearly ran off the road trying to look up his mother's
    dress. He had an overwhelming urge to reach out and touch her, but instead
    rearranged his hardening cock to a more comfortable position.

       "I'm gonna try and take a quick nap, honey,", said Cathy, trying to
    suppress a giggle at her son's obvious embarrassment. She didn't feel tired
    at all. On the contrary, Bobby's arousal had excited her greatly and Cathy
    wanted to see how far she could take it. She lay back and pretended to close
    her eyes. As she settled down, Cathy pulled up her dress and allowed her
    knees to fall apart, making sure her son had a good view up between her
    legs. Bobby darted a glance at his mother. Her dress was halfway up her
    thighs, and Bobby could see the inviting mound of his mother's cunt pressing
    firmly against the tightly-stretched fabric of panties. He moaned low in
    his throat, and reached for his cock. A quick look at his mother's face told
    Bobby that her eyes were closed, so he stared brazenly at her exposed
    crotch. The sight made his cock jerk and twitch unbearably. Once more, he
    fought off the urge to reach over and touch her. Instead he unzipped his fly
    and slipped a hand inside to squeeze his hard prick.

       Cathy observed her son through slitted eyes, being careful not to let him
    know she was watching him. She felt an itching wetness in her pussy as Bobby
    fondled his cock. It had been years since she had last seen her son naked.
    Bobby would have been only about ten or eleven at the time, and she
    remembered that his cock had been cute and boyishly small. She wondered what
    it looked like now, all hard and stiff, swollen with blood and desire...
    desire for her, his own mother. Cathy watched as the boy's free hand moved
    back and forth inside his pants. It was obvious he was masturbating. She had
    never thought of Bobby jacking off, and it excited her. Her son was a male
    animal... he had a prick, and it would get hard... and if he pulled on it
    long enough it would spurt out a hot stream of nice milky jism. Cathy
    pictured it in her mind and tried to imagine what it would taste like. Her
    throat was dry.

       Cathy felt the urge to put a hand on her cunt and rub her itching clit.
    Since discovering the joys of female-female sex in prison, she didn't
    masturbate much anymore, only when she felt the need strongly, only when she
    was unusually stimulated, and her son was stimulating her unusually.
    She wished she could fondle herself while she watched him masturbate. Her
    need for a deep, satisfying orgasm was strong. Only the faint feelings of
    guilt she still felt, prevented her from going any further. She almost
    gasped aloud when Bobby pulled his cock out of his pants. It was hard as a
    rock and Cathy's cunt twitched involuntarily at the very sight of it. His
    gaze flicked back and forth from the road to his mother, still unaware that
    she was watching him, his eyes darting first to her crotch and then to her
    tits, and back again. All the while his fist jerked up and down on his stiff
    prick.

       Cathy watched, fascinated by the size and youthful vigour of her son's
    cock, trembling as she imagined it pushing between her legs, the swollen,
    purple head sliding smoothly up into her cunt, his hands around her tits.
       "Ohhhh, God, yessss!", Cathy whispered under her breath. The thought of
    sex with her own son was extremely arousing. She was just about to throw
    caution to the wind and reach for Bobby's gorgeous prick when the boy
    suddenly stuffed it back into his pants. Cathy sat up in alarm when he
    cursed loudly.
       "What's wrong, honey?", she asked, surprised.
    Bobby didn't answer for a few seconds. He was staring into the rearview
    mirror, a look of concern on his worried features.
       "Cops, I think!", he breathed. "Closing on us in a fuckin' hurry,too!"
    Cathy looked back and saw a set of red and blue flashing lights approaching,
    fast. She touched her son's shoulder to calm him down.
       "Don't panic, baby. It's probably nothing. Just slow down and stay cool,
    okay."
       "Okay, Mom."

       Both of them held their breaths as the police car approached rapidly.
    It soon overtook them and sped past, siren wailing off into the distance.
    Cathy breathed a sigh of relief and turned to her son.
       "Thank Christ!" she gasped.
       "You can fuckin' say that again," Bobby murmured in reply.
    Cathy cast a quick glance at his crotch. The formidable bulge was gone, and
    Cathy felt strangely disappointed. Like a child who is promised a lollipop
    only to have it snatched out from under her very nose.
       "We've got to get off the highway, Mom. It's gonna be crawling with
    cops all night," said Bobby looking for somewhere to pull off the road.
       Cathy agreed with him, she was dying for a shower.

       Bobby pulled into the next motel they came to and parked as far away from
    the office as he could.
       "You go in and register alone, hon.", said Cathy, keeping low in the
    seat. "The cops will be looking for a woman, not a single guy. I'll sneak in
    when you open the door."
       "I'm real good at sneaking girls into my room, Mom!", grinned Bobby.
       "I just bet you are!", replied his mother, hoping the jealousy she
    suddenly felt didn't show. "Here, take this bag, and make it convincing."
    Bobby got out of the car and Cathy watched him go, her eyes on her son's
    tight, jean-clad butt as he walked towards the office.
    Bobby was back in under five minutes, a door key in his hand.
       "How'd it go?", asked his mother.
       "Fine! No sweat at all! I told the old guy at the desk I'd be staying a
    week so he gave me a room with airconditioning at no extra cost!"

       "Shit, what did you do that for, Bobby?", asked Cathy. "We aren't staying
    that long!"
    Bobby only smiled..
       "Don't worry, Mom! We only have to pay a deposit, and the balance in the
    morning. I was thinking we could kind of leave and, you know, forget to pay
    the rest. It works out five dollars cheaper."
    Cathy ruffled his hair and kissed his cheek.
       "My son the businessman," she chuckled. "Like father like son, eh?"
    Bobby put his arm around his mother and they headed for their room, his
    hand snugged against the underside of one breast. Cathy leaned against him
    enjoying the contact. Anyone watching would have taken the pair for lovers
    rather than mother and son.

       Once inside, Bobby looked around.
       "Mmmmmmm, hey, this isn't half bad, Mom!"
    His mother agreed, and she liked it more and more when she discovered the
    comfortably large double bed.
       "Gosh, Mom, there's only one bed," said Bobby with a faint smile on his
    face. Cathy looked at her young son with a mischievous twinkle in her eye.
       "Looks like there's plenty of room to me", she grinned. "You don't mind
    sleeping with your dear old mother, do you, son?"
       "No, Mom. I don't mind at all.", replied Bobby, unable to suppress the
    hint of expectation that crept into his voice.
    Cathy headed for the bathroom, a broad smile on her lovely features.
       "I'm going to freshen up, honey. I've been dying for a hot shower all
    day."
       "Okay, Mom!"

       Bobby looked around the room, and spotted the mini-bar. It was well
    stocked with liquor, and so was the small refrigerator.
    "Mmmmm, after tonight, I think I deserve a couple of brews", he muttered to
    himself. Taking one out, Bobby twisted off the cap, downing almost half the
    bottle in one gulp. He sat on the edge of the bed and turned on the TV. The
    coloured images flickered before his eyes but Bobby's mind was elsewhere. He
    was still thinking about his mother and how hot she had looked in the car,
    with her legs apart and her dress almost up around her waist. His cock began
    to stiffen again at the very thought. He glanced toward the bathroom door
    and heard the sounds of running water. Even though it was his own mother in
    there taking a shower, Bobby couldn't stop thinking about how fantastic
    she must look, completely nude, the water from the shower making her tanned
    flesh glisten as it cascaded down over her gorgeous body, splashing over
    her tits and running down between her naked thighs.


        Bobby moaned low in his throat at the deliciously sexy image. Tossing
    back his head, he finished off the rest of the bottle in one gulp. He went
    to the fridge and grabbed another. Despite the beer he'd just finished, his
    mouth seemed incredibly dry. Bobby sipped the second beer more slowly, all
    the while darting glances at the closed bathroom door. There was a look of
    frustration on his young face. Although he was only fifteen, Bobby had
    always had a way with members of the opposite sex. He had fucked plenty of
    girls his own age, several older women too. With his youthful good looks and
    charm, it had been easy, but this was different. 'Shit! How do you put the
    make on your own mother?', he thought. He was still pondering the question
    when he heard his mother call out from the bathroom.
       "Bobby! Can you come in here for a second, sweetheart. I need your help,
    son!"

       Bobby's face dissolved into a devilish grin. He couldn't believe his
    luck.
    "Yesss! There must be a God after all.", he muttered. Polishing off the rest
    of his beer, Bobby headed eagerly for the bathroom and opened the door.
    He tried to appear calm, but when he saw his mother, he almost gasped out
    loud. Cathy was standing in front of the mirror, trying to fasten the catch
    on her necklace. She was wearing only a short robe, but she hadn't even
    bothered to pull it closed. Bobby could see half of each tit and all of her
    fur-covered mound.
       "Help me with this darn thing will you, baby. I can't get seem to get the
    catch to stay closed."
    Bobby just gazed at her.
       "Stupid, damn thing!", muttered his mother. "I don't know why I bother
    taking it off sometimes. Do it up for me will you please, sweetheart?"

       As if in a dream, Bobby stepped up behind his mother and took the clasp
    from her fingers. He noticed that his own fingers were shaking, an hoped
    that she wouldn't notice. He glanced over her shoulder into the mirror and
    froze, staring down at his mother's pussy. It was clearly exposed. The light
    blonde hairs covering her mound doing little to hide the pink, glistening
    slit that nestled at the base of her creamy thighs. It looked puffy and wet
    and, as Bobby guessed correctly... ready for cock!
    Cathy had enjoyed her shower immensely. The sharp, hot needles of water had
    at first relaxed her, but then her thoughts drifted to Bobby, and how she
    had turned him on in the car tonight.

       So much so, that he'd jacked off! The more she though about how big and
    hard his young cock had been, the more excited Cathy got. The warm spray
    against her body began to stimulate her, and soon, the horny feelings in her
    cunt became so unbearable that Cathy was forced to do as she had done for so
    many years now... she dropped a hand between her long, slender legs and
    began to masturbate vigourously. She came quickly, but as always the hunger
    remained. She knew what she needed... the only thing that could ever satisfy
    her completely... a long, thick, hard cock stuffed right up her cunt! And as
    she stepped out of the shower, Cathy knew how she could get one too, if she
    played her cards right. Now it was happening! Bobby was obviously excited.
    She could feel his prick touching her butt, and it was hard... real hard.
    Cathy wanted to reach around a take it in her hand, but she suppressed the
    urge, it wasn't the right moment yet. Instead she pressed back against him,
    pretending to become impatient with him.

       Cathy felt her son's stiff cock press delightfully into the crack of her
    ass. Watching him in the mirror, she pretended to hum a tune and began to
    rotate her ass against him in tiny circles, as if she were doing a slow
    dance. All the time rubbing her backside slowly against the boy's prominent
    bulge. Bobby couldn't keep his mind on the job anymore. He was having
    difficulty concentrating on anything now, except how nice his mother's firm
    butt felt against his straining cock.
       "What's wrong, honey?... Having trouble?", breathed his mother.
       "Ahhh... No...Ehhh, I mean yes, I am!", stammered Bobby. "It's hard when
    you keep moving around like that, Mom!"
       "Mmmmmmm, it sure is, baby!", Cathy whispered, pressing back against him.
    Bobby suddenly realized that his mother was doing it on purpose. He pressed
    his cock against her even harder and began to stroke her bare shoulders with
    his fingers. The necklace fell to the floor, completely forgotten.

       "Do you like that, Mom?", asked Bobby, looking at her in the mirror.
       "Yessss! Ooooh yes, baby! I love it!", gasped his mother, leaning against
    him. Bobby saw the hot gleam in her eyes and read it for what it was. He'd
    seen that hungry look before... on the faces of all the girls and women he'd
    ever fucked, and it excited him beyond belief to see it now on the face of
    his own sexy mother! Emboldened by her lust, Bobby slid his hands inside his
    mother's robe and cupped her tits with both hands. Cathy arched back against
    him and made a low, animal sound deep in her throat, her eyes going
    instantly moist with desire. She threw all pretense to the wind now, and
    began to writhe her ass back against her son's bulging crotch in the most
    suggestive manner, at the same time delighting in the touch of his hot hands
    on her aching tit-flesh.

       Cathy stared at her son in the mirror. The look on his handsome, young
    face made her pussy twitch. She closed her thighs tightly, and a ripple of
    tingling hunger burned through her cunt. Bobby rubbed his mother's nipples
    to erection, pinching and squeezing the hard little buttons until Cathy
    began to groan loudly with pleasure.
       "Lower, honey!", she gasped. "Move your hands lower! Touch momma's cunt!"
    Bobby left one hand on his mother's tits, sliding the other down over
    the curve of her belly, and into the moist, inviting cleft between her legs.
    Cathy gasped when she felt the exquisite pressure of her son's fingers on
    her cunt. He rubbed her expertly, the outside fingers massaging the lips of
    pussy while his middle finger dipped inside to explore the soft, slippery
    depths of her hot cunthole.

       "Ahhhhhhhhhhh, Bobby! You gorgeous child! Fuck momma's cunt with your
    finger, baby! Oh, God! Fuck yesssssss! Deeper! Stick it in deeper, lover!"
       "I will, Mom!", groaned Bobby, thrusting his finger in as far as possible
    into his mother's juicy, gaping slit. "I'll fuck you all right!...... Jesus
    Christ, you're wet!... Ummmmmm, so fuckin' hot and wet!"
       "Oooooh! It's you, sweetheart!", gasped Cathy. "Just thinking about your
    cock has made me all hot and gooey!.... God, baby, I need it real bad!"
    Cathy reached round behind her and groped for the bulge in her son's crotch.
    She squeezed his prick through the material of his pants, marvelling at the
    hugeness of it. It jerked and twitched under her palm as if it had a life of
    its own. Locating her son's zipper Cathy jerked it down and slid her hand
    inside. Bobby gasped as he felt his mother's cool fingers grasp his prick.
    It was hard as steel, and Cathy found to her surprise and delight that her
    fingers didn't quite meet around its huge circumference.

       "God Almighty! Jesus, you're hung like a fuckin' horse!", gasped Cathy,
    jerking on her son's huge, erect shaft. "Ohhhh, baby, I'm so hot!.... I want
    it in me! I want you to fuck me with it!... Do you want to, Bobby?... Do you
    want to fuck your mother?"
       "Oh God, Mom, yes!", he groaned. With a cry, Cathy let go of her son's
    cock and removed his hand from her cunt. She spun around and threw her arms
    around his neck. Her full, red lips opening over his in a firey, french kiss
    which Bobby returned with equal passion. His mother's naked body was pressed
    full-length against his own, and Bobby was aware of every wonderful inch of
    it. Her soft tits were crushed between them, the hard, pink nipples drilling
    into his chest. Her tongue darted hotly in and out of his mouth. And best of
    all, Between his mothers legs, his cock rubbed deliciously between the lips
    of her hot, inviting cuntslit.

       Cathy broke the kiss and grabbed her son by the hand, as she had when he
    was a little boy, and pulled him into the next room. Without a word, she
    stripped off her robe, and flopped backwards onto the bed, her legs falling
    wide apart. She stroked her cunt, enjoying the look of hunger on his face.
       "Take your clothes off, darling! I want to see you naked too!", grinned
    Cathy, staring openly at her son's bulging crotch. Bobby just stared at her,
    his eyes on the moist, pouting lips of his mother's blonde-fringed pussy.
       "Oh, Mom! You're so beautiful!", he murmured, pulling off his clothes.
    As the boy stepped out of his pants, his cock jerked free, standing out from
    his crotch, stiff as an iron bar. Cathy gasped at the sight of it.
       "Ooooooh, Bobby! What a gorgeous prick!... You really do have a big one,
    don't you, baby?"

       Without waiting for an answer, Cathy sat up and bent towards him, her
    tits swinging like two firm melons. She grasped her son's prick tightly in
    both hands, trembling with excitement as the thick pole of flesh jerked
    powerfully between her fingers. She began to stroke it up and down, totally
    mesmerized by the length and hardness of the boy's lust-swollen tool. Bobby
    looked down at his mother and saw the way she was looking at his cock.
       "Wanna suck it first, Mom?", he suggested boldly, a lewd grin spreading
    across his handsome young features. He'd had his cock sucked plenty of times
    before, but the thought of getting a little head from his own mother made
    Bobby's prick literally drip with lust. He was eager to fuck her, but that
    could wait. The image of his mother's hot, wet mouth wrapped tightly around
    his prick was such a turn-on. Bobby simply couldn't resist. Cathy smiled
    up at him and licked her lips, happy that he was so sexually experienced.

       "Oooooooh, you horny little prick! You'd like that, wouldn't you?", she
    said, squeezing the boy's balls. "You'd like momma to put her lips around
    your lovely hard cock and suck you off, wouldn't you?"
       "Ummmmmm!", Bobby moaned, reaching for his mother's head. "Ohh, fuck yes!
    Do it, Mom!  Eat my cock!  Suck the hot come right out of my fuckin' balls!"
       "Ohhhhh, Sweet Jesus!" she gasped, staring at the intense look of desire
    on her son's face. With a cry, Cathy opened her lips wide and wrapped them
    lustfully around the meaty thickness of his young prick, sucking it into her
    mouth as far as she could. Her left hand fondled the hairy orbs of the boy's
    bloated balls, and as she continued to suck him harder and harder, Cathy
    began to move her other hand quickly along the base, stroking and
    masturbating her son feverishly. Then with a little whimper she quickly
    moved her head back and forth sliding her lips further and further over
    his cock until almost every inch of it was bathed in the constricting
    wetness of her throat.

       As his mother intensified the rhythm of her sucking, Bobby's eyes
    widened. This was incredible, better than anything he'd ever felt before.
       "Jesus!", he muttered.
    Cathy looked up and saw the pleasure on her son's face, her over-heated cunt
    drooling like mad between her legs. She loved the feel and taste of his
    cock, so young and fresh and stiff! Cathy drew back until just the large,
    sensitive head was in her mouth and sucked hard.
      "Aaarghhhhhh! Oh, yeah! That's nice, Mom! Ungghhhhh! Yeah, suck it hard!"
    Bobby began pumping his ass frantically, his legs jerking with the effort
    as he tried to ram his cock deeper into his mother's hot, sucking mouth.

       "Ummmmmmmmmmmm!", Cathy moaned, her mouth tightly stretched by his hard,
    pulsating prong. "Mmmmmmmmmm! Ummmmmm! Ummmmmm! Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmm!"
    She was using everything she had now... hands... mouth... and lips in an
    attempt to give her son the best damn mouth job he'd ever had.

       "Oh, Mom! Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!.... Christ, that feels sooooo fuckin' good!...
    Suck me, Mom!... Yeahhhhhh, lick my balls too!... Ohhhhhhhh, Godddddddddd!"
    Cathy sensed that her son was close to orgasm, but she didn't mind. She knew
    what young boys were like. If she could take the edge off for him with her
    mouth, Bobby's next erection would last a long, long time. Cathy bobbed her
    head back and forth on his cock, sucking and slurping and squeezing his
    balls, trying desperately to get her son to blow off in her mouth. His prick
    slid hotly between her lips, rubbing on her tongue and the roof of her
    mouth as he fucked her face. It wasn't long before the tight, wet friction
    of his mother's lips became too much for young Bobby.

       "OH, SHIT, MOM!", he yelled. "JESUS! SUCK! SUCK! ARGHHH, HERE IT COMES!"
    Cathy felt her son's sperm surge up the length of his cock, his whole
    body quivering with the effort, then it splashed thickly against her
    tonsils, squirting in giant waves down her throat. She swallowed greedily,
    sucking harder for more of the precious fluid that was now trickling from
    Bobby's throbbing pecker onto her tongue.
       "Ummmmmm!", moaned Bobby, tremors of delight making his young body shake.
    Cathy sucked the last drop of juice from the end of her son's cock and
    licked the shaft over quickly, then, looking up, she smiled at him
    seductively.
       "Nice one, baby?"
       "Mmmmmm, mmmmmm Mom! You have no idea!"
       "Oh, I think I do", replied Cathy, flopping backwards onto the bed.
    She gazed up at his cock which, despite unloading a formidable quantity of
    jism into her eager mouth, seemed to have lost none of it's former glory.

       Bobby was staring at his mother's cunt.
       "You look so hot, Mom!", he said huskily. "... so hot and wet!"
    Cathy dipped a finger into her slippery gash and rubbed it back and forth
    with exaggerated slowness.
       "I am, honey," she whispered, her eyes taking on a wanton gleam. "Momma's
    all hot and wet for her big handsome baby!"
    Bobby's face parted in a wide, lustful grin.
       "Bet I can make you even hotter and wetter, Mom!", he promised.
    Cathy's cunt twitched with animal heat. She wanted her son's cock badly.
       "Ooooh! Hurry, baby! I can't wait any longer", she groaned, spreading her
    long tapering legs as wide as she could. With a moan, Bobby joined her on
    the bed, crawling between his mother's thighs until his cock hung directly
    over her sweetly gaping snatch.

       He kissed her tits and then her lips, which parted eagerly to admit his
    probing tongue. They clung to each other, kissing with growing passion.
    Cathy felt her son's cocktip press against the groove of her slit, and
    automatically raised her hips up at him, her ass bunching. She shoved her
    right hand down onto his ass, pulling him as tightly as she could against
    her feverish body. Her other hand wrapped around his neck.
       "Ohh, Bobby! I love your body, baby", she husked. "It feels so strong and
    smooth against me. You don't know how long I've waited for this, darling!"
    She slid her tongue into her son's mouth, making Bobby pant hotly. She
    licked inside his mouth, purring and gasping as she happily rubbed herself
    against him, her flooded slit soaking the head of his cock with a
    plentiful supply of oily, cuntal lubricant.

       "Ohhhhhhhhh, Jesus! Bobby! My darling, boy!", gasped Cathy. "What has
    Momma been missing out on all this time?"
        "What have we both been missing out on, Mom?"
    Bobby grabbed his cock and attempted to place the bloated tip between his
    his mother's cuntlips, but Cathy shook her head.
       "No, honey! Let me!", she moaned. Taking her son's huge prick in both
    hands, Cathy lifted her hips, positioning the boy's large, flared cockhead
    into the entrance of her cunt. She gazed down between her legs and stared
    at her son's cock, her heart skipping a beat the very size of it. It felt
    like a baseball bat in her fingers... the head swollen... the long,
    purple-veined shaft thick as her arm, and hard as steel.

       "Jesus, Bobby!", gulped Cathy staring in awe. "My poor cunt hasn't seen
    a cock that big in years," gulped Cathy. "I hope I can take all that!"
       "So do I, Mom!", said Bobby, gasping as his mother's hot, slippery outer
    lips closed around the head of his cock. It was too much for the young boy,
    and whether or not his mother's cunt could take his prick, Bobby was past
    caring. All he wanted to do right now was plunge further into the tight, hot
    wetness that enveloped the tip of his cock.
       "Here I come, Mom! Ready or not!", grunted Bobby, getting ready to slam
    it to her good. Cathy looked down at the boy's massive cock in alarm.

       "Here I come, Mom! Ready or not!", grunted Bobby, getting ready to slam
    it to her good. Cathy looked down at the boy's massive cock in alarm.
       "Bobby, No! You'll hurt me!", she squealed. "Let me get used to it a
    bit first!"
    He ignored his mother's cry, pushing her hands away from his cock. Cathy
    tried to protest, but her voice wouldn't work. She felt his body tense, and
    then, before she could move or say another word, her son fucked his mammoth
    cock into her cunt.

       "Bobby!", she screamed, feeling his prick penetrate the tight wetness of
    her pussy in a single thrust. Although Cathy felt pain, it wasn't half as
    bad as she'd been expecting, and even as she screamed her son's name, her
    hips jerked upward, sliding onto the length of his mighty prick before she
    could stop herself. Cathy's eyes bulged as she felt him slide deep into her
    pussy, the walls of her womb flexing as Bobby's cock stretched them, almost
    to the limit.
       "Oh, God! Fuck! Oh, Bobby, that feels good, honey. Your cock feels so
    fucking good! Oooooh! Is all of it inside me baby?", asked Cathy, trembling.
       "Unnnnngghhh! Y...Yeah! Oooff! I think so, Mom!", grunted her son.
       "Good!... Then fuck me, Bobby! Fuck me hard and make me come!", screamed
        Cathy, grabbing the cheeks of her son's ass with both hands.

       "Ohhhh, Jesus, yes Mom! I'll fuck you alright!", panted Bobby clutching
    his mother's hips. "I'm gonna fuck your hot snatch real good!"
       "Do it, baby! Do it now!", hissed Cathy, unable to keep still any longer.
    Bobby began to fuck his mother vigorously. He stabbed his cock in and out of
    her cunt with long, powerful strokes that soon had Cathy squirming and
    squealing beneath him as she writhed in ecstasy. Cathy clawed at the
    bedspread, her head twisting from side to side as she began to whimper and
    gurgle. Her hips moved in time with her son's prick, grinding even as her
    ass lunged up and down to meet his every stroke.

       "Ohhh, yes! Fuck me! Jesus, Bobby fuck me harder! God, I love your cock!"
    At her words, she felt the boy's cock plunge in deeper, slamming against the
    entrance of her quivering womb, the very place his own life had started
    fifteen years ago. The significance of their incestuous act was not lost
    on Cathy. She knew what she was doing, and she knew the implications. But
    instead of feeling shame or guilt, she felt only extreme sexual pleasure,
    unbelievably heightened by the excitement of knowing that the long, hard
    cock fucking her so deliciously, belonged to her own sweet son. If only
    she'd only known how utterly fantastic it was, she'd have started fucking
    him as soon as he was capable of getting a hard-on.

       Cathy threw up her slender arms and wrapped them around Bobby's neck,
    trying forcibly to pull his young body into hers. Her back arched in
    mindless ecstasy, her blonde hair flew, and her slender hips bucked up off
    the bed, sending her squirming cunt up at just the right angle to receive
    her son's pounding thrusts. The base of his cock mashed her clit, causing
    her to moan and cry out with intense pleasure.
       "Fuck me!... Fuck me, you gorgeous prick!", Cathy urged wantonly.
    Her nostrils flared with agonizing desire, and she began to grind her hips
    into the mattress in a shameless frenzy of lust, furiously thrusting her
    cunt up onto the shaft of her son's cock in the convulsive rhythms of
    fucking. "Jesus!", Bobby grunted loudly. He still hung onto her undulating
    hips, trying to keep his mother's wild gyrations under control.

       Bobby couldn't believe the incredible constriction of her snug little
    slot around his cock. It was like fucking a little girl.
       "Ahhhhh! God, but you're tight, Mom!", he grunted, grimacing with the
    delicious effort. "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, tight and wet... and so fuckin' hot!"
    Bobby began to revolve his hips in a circular motion, grinding her clit
    against the base of his cock as he thrust in. He knew the girls he usually
    fucked loved it. His mother went wild.
       "UHHHHHHHH! OOOOOOOH! FUCK! WHAT ARE YOU D.. DO... ARRRRGGGGHHHH! BOBBY!"
    Cathy was whimpering loudly. She had never felt so much pleasure. She threw
    up her long tapering legs and locked her heels tightly in the middle of
    Bobby's back. Then she began to thrust up her buttocks much harder, moaning
    as she felt his cock slam solidly into her tightly-stretched cunthole.
       "Oh, Bobby! That feels so good! Harder, darling, harder! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhhh!
    Slam it to me, baby!... Mmmmmmmmmm, fuck momma really hard! Oh my God, yes!"



                                 Chapter 2

       "Unnnnghhhh!", Bobby grunted. His face contorted into a mask of
obscene
    pleasure. The tight, sucking warmth of his mother's cunt seemed to be
    sucking the very cum out of his dick. Several times he pulled his hips
    way back, withdrawing until only the fat, bulbous tip of his cock
remained.
    Then, he'd suddenly slam it back inside his mother's upthrust snatch
until
    every inch of his meaty thickness was buried once more in her hot,
forbidden
    sheath, impaling her cunt almost brutally, with a single, convulsive
thrust.
       "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! M... My  G... G...God!", squealed Cathy.
    Every contour of her son's cock sent electric thrills up and down her
spine
    as his hard, pistoning shaft scraped deliciously against the walls of her
    tightly-stretched cunt.

       "Jesus, baby, where did you learn to fuck like that?", she moaned into
    his mouth. Bobby just grinned at her, delighted by the contorted look of
    pleasure on his mother's pretty face.
       "You like me fucking you, don't you, Mom?", he asked, thrusting
harder.
       "Yes!  Oh, fuck, yesss!  You have such a big cock, baby!", hissed
    Cathy, locking her thighs more tightly around Bobby's waist. "Uhhhhhhh,
and
    you use it so well, baby!"
    Her son was fucking her like a young bull... hard and strong and deep,
and
    still Cathy couldn't get enough of him. She loved it! She loved every
    depraved second of it. Every squeeze of his fingers... every incestuous
jab
    of his cock... every wicked sensation brought Cathy closer to the brink
of
    ecstasy. She continued thrusting her pussy up at her energetic son with
    jerky, convulsive movements, milking his hard, young cock for all she was
    worth.

       Bobby was in seventh heaven, and the more his mother whimpered and
    squirmed beneath him, the harder he began to hammer his cock into her
    eager, responsive twat. He wondered vaguely how long he could keep this
up.
    Her hot slit was sucking at his prick, massaging it in its tight grip.
    His balls grew heavy as they smacked into the crook of her thighs again
and
    again. With every motion of the boy's hips, Cathy could feel her son's
    blood-engorged stiffness driving into her cunt, chafing lusciously
    against the engorged bud of her clit, pushing her irrevocably towards the
    carnal fulfillment she so desperately craved.
       "Ohhh, Bobby! Yes, baby! Fuck momma's cunt! Make me come! Oh, God!...
    Jesus, I'm so damn close! Ungghhh, make me come you gorgeous fuckin'
prick!"
       "Better make it fast, 'cause I'm gonna blow any second. Can I come
inside
    you, Mom?"
       "Yes, yes!", gurgled Cathy. "Come in me, baby! Ohhhh, faster, Bobby,
     faster! We can make it together!... Fuck!... Fuck! Ohhhh, Fuuucckkk!"

       Bobby's cock slammed into his mother's cunt with jackhammer force,
    rocking her whole body with rapid, powerful thrusts. Her hot, responsive
    cunt was tight and clinging, and the obscenities bubbling from her
beautiful
    mouth only served to excite him even further. Cathy arched her back,
raising
    her slender hips up to meet her son's every blow. Each successive lunge
    seemed to penetrate her deeper, filling her tortured cunt with a
sensation
    too wonderful to believe. Sensations that even her late husband had never
    been able to arouse in her. She had her arms tightly around him, her
crotch
    grinding frantically up against his pounding cock, swallowing its entire
    length with voracious delight.
       "Ahhhhh, you lovely big stud! Jesus, you fuck better than your
father!"
    Bobby smiled and pumped harder, proud that his king-sized prick was
giving
    his mother so much pleasure.

       Cathy's cunt was on fire, rippling around her son's pounding cock as
he
    grunted and groaned above her. Suddenly, she felt a familiar heat spread
    outward from her crotch, enveloping her tits and ass in a white hot
inferno
    of release. Her clit had expanded into a very tight, very hard knot, and
she
    was quickly approaching orgasm.
        "UNNGGGHHHHHHH, I'M COMING, BOBBY!... CHRIST, BABY, I'M GONNA
COME!...
    OOOOOOOOH, FUCK IT TO ME, LOVER! AHHHHHHHHGGGHHH, I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMING!"
     As Cathy screamed, her whole body stiffened. She shuddered wildly, her
    vagina quivering around her son's deeply imbedded cock in wild,
convulsive
    spasms. It was all Bobby needed to send him over the edge too.
        "MOM! OH, FUCK! I'M COMING TOO! ARRRRRRGGGGGHHHH! JESUS!", he yelled,
    lifted his head to the ceiling. Bobby's eyes squeezed shut and his mouth
    fell open as his prick gushed hot sperm into his mother's spasming cunt.

       Mother and son went at each other like a pair of rutting animals,
their
    sweaty, naked bodies jerking in a wanton frenzy of consumate fuck-lust.
As
    Bobby's hot seed splattered against her womb, Cathy lifted her ass high
    off the bed, and, with a cry of wanton abandon, ground her cunt up
against
    his cock, eager to receive her son's thick, incestuous load.
       "COME IN ME HONEY!", she screamed. "UMMMMMMMMMM, COME IN MOMMA'S
CUNT!"
    The hot jets of sperm made Cathy's orgasm intensify, and she pulled him
    against her, wanting her son's cock as deep as possible inside her while
    he came. Her cunt rippled in wet waves around his spurting prick as she
    climaxed with him, her asshole puckering, her clit throbbing.
       "AHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGHHHHHH! UHHHHH! UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!", yelled Bobby,
    emptying his balls inside his mother's cunt. The walls of her snatch
seemed
    to be milking his cock, drawing the jism out him with rapid, squeezing
    contractions.

       As the last of his cum shot into his mother's cunt, Bobby collapsed on
    top of her, his cock still deeply imbedded in her quivering mound. Cathy
lay
    panting and shaking under him, her eyes tightly closed as ecstatic
thrills
    danced up and down her spine. After a few minutes, Bobby rolled off and
lay
    beside her, his cock pulling free from her well-fucked pussy with a
juicy,
    suctioning sound.
       "How was that for a fuck, Mom?", he grinned.
    Cathy just smiled and pressed her open lips against his, slithering her
    tongue inside her son's mouth. She held the passionate kiss for a few
    long seconds before answering his question.
       "Mmmmmmmmmmmmm! Fantastic, baby!", Cathy replied, stroking his cheek.
"I
    never knew what a well-hung stud you were! Jesus, Bobby, we should have
done
    this a long time ago!"

       "I wish we had," he sighed, caressing her tits. A sexy smile crossed
    his face. "But since we have, Mom, why don't we make up for lost time!"
       "You mean you want to fuck me again?... So soon?", gasped Cathy
    increduluously. Bobby only grinned at his mother and nodded. One look at
the
    the boy's cock told her that he was up to it too. His energetic young
prick
    had recovered quickly, and as Cathy's fingers encircled it, the thick
column
    of muscle throbbed powerfully in her hand, a testimony to her son's
youthful
    virility.
       "Oooooooooh!", squealed Cathy, feeling Bobby's hard length twitch
under
    her fingers. "You really do want to fuck momma again, don't you,
darling?"
    Bobby squeezed his mother's tits. They were round and firm, large enough
to
    fill his hands, the nipples very hard and puckered with desire. The boy's
    eyes were on his mother's wetly gaping pussy, and more than once, his
tongue
    flicked out to wet his lips.

        Cathy clutched Bobby's cock as he looked at her, feeling her tits.
Her
    breathing deepened with anticipation. After the unbelievable sex they had
    just shared, Cathy was more than willing to do anything her young son
    desired, no matter how wicked, how wild, how unusual.
       "Do things to me, darling," she whispered, her eyes glowing. "Do
dirty,
    delicious, depraved things to you mother, Bobby! I want you to make me do
    everything, and I mean everything, lover. . . as nasty as you can make
it!"
    She squeezed his balls, then closed her fist around the base of his
shaft,
    and rubbed hard. Bobby reached down between his mother's thighs, enjoying
    the little whimper of pleasure that escaped her lips as he deftly
inserted
    two stiff fingers into her creamy cunt.
       "Uhhhhhhhhh, baby, baby, baby!", she crooned, as Bobby began to fuck
his
    fingers in and out of her hot, slippery hole. Cathy stared at his
rock-hard
    young prick, the swollen head sticking straight up, his tiny pisshole
    glistening.

       With a strangled cry, Cathy pushed her face down and began to lick her
    half-dried juices off her son's sticky cock, making Bobby gasp. He ran
his
    hands through his mother's hair, his balls tightening as her tongue
licked
    around his distended pisshole. Gripping his cock as hard as she could in
her
    small fist, Cathy looked up at her son with gleaming eyes, her face
flushed.
       "Make me, baby!", she breathed throatily. "Oh God, Bobby, make me do
    crazy things with you! Wicked things! Nasty things!"
    Bobby cupped his mother's face and kissed her tenderly.
       "What kind of things, Mom?", he asked, jabbing his fingers deeper into
    her wide-spread snatch. Cathy hunched her hips up against his hand.
       "Bobby, please!", she cried. "Fuck mother's cunt, fuck my ass! Make
    mother suck your cock! Come in my mouth, sweetheart, and make momma
swallow
    your cum!"

       Cathy was shaking with need now, holding onto Bobby's cock as tightly
    as she could. "Ohhhhhhh, lick momma's cunt! I wanna come in your mouth!
Suck
    your mother's hairy snatch, Bobby, and let me come all over your pretty
    face! Ummmmmmm! Oh, Jesus, honey! Make momma do real nasty things with
you!"
    Cathy's cunt was firey with wetness, her tits tight.
       "Get on your back, Mom!" grunted Bobby. He pulled his fingers from her
    cunt and rolled his mother over. "Lie on your back and spread your legs!"
    Cathy did as she was told, feeling the wanton lust mounting once more
inside
    her. She closed her eyes and opened her legs wide, very wide, her feet
    hanging over the edge of the bed. She felt Bobby's hands on her thighs as
    he caressed her creamy skin, fondling her, making her flesh tingle with
    forbidden excitement.

       Cathy's hips jerked involuntarily upwards when her son's fingertips
    touched her tender pussy. She opened her eyes, and amid low moans of
    pleasure, watched the boy stroke her swollen cuntlips. He gently pulled
them
    open, and began to rub very lightly along her wet, pink slit, paying
    particular attention to her clit. Cathy groaned softly when she felt
Bobby
    push a finger into her cunt. And when he wiggled it, she lifted her hips
up
    against his hand.
       "You're so wet and hot down there, Mom," Bobby gasped. He began to
fuck
    his finger in and out of her, watching the way his mother's hairy
cuntlips
    clung to it. "It's so soft and hot! Ohhhhh, Mom, your cunt feels so
good!"
    Cathy arched her crotch, pushing it at him. He was making her hot, but
she
    wanted more... much more!

       "Taste it, baby!", she ordered. "Get down and lick momma's pussy!"
    Bobby smiled, and dipped his head into his mother's shamelessly spread
    crotch. For several tantalizing seconds he licked and kissed the insides
of
    her thighs, before finally placing his mouth over her wet, gaping slit.
    Cathy gasped aloud, her hips bucking in a wild frenzy as her son's tongue
    slid into her cunt. She grabbed the back of his head, holding his mouth
    steady as his wiggling lingual organ probed her deepest recesses. Almost
    instantly, Cathy felt her cunt spasm, releasing a steady flow of
cunt-juice
    into her son's open mouth. Bobby lapped it up with glee. He loved the
taste
    of his mother's snatch, and he was determined to suck her juicy,
delicious
    cunt until it was squeeky clean, no matter how long it took. When Bobby
    began fucking his tongue it in and out, Cathy screamed, humping her groin
up
    at his face. She lifted her feet, draping her legs over his shoulders,
    hugging him with her soft thighs as he licked at her burning cuntslit and
    clit.

       Bobby was licking his mother's cunt like it had never been licked
before.
    He sucked on the lips, first one then the other, and when he closed his
    mouth around her clit, Cathy began to thrust up and down, mashing her
cunt
    onto his face. Bobby sucked gently, his tongue flicking the hard little
bud
    with practiced ease.
       "Ohhhhhhh, Baby! How do you do that?", squealed Cathy. "God!!! Suck it
    out, lover! Suck, my cunt all fuckin' night!.... Jesus!!!!!!"
    She held him captive with her hot thighs, her hands on the back of his
head
    for added pressure, twisting her own head from side to side in ecstasy as
    hot, incestuous passion flared through her tortured body. Cathy looked
down
    at her son, immensely aroused by the sight of his face buried in her
twat,
    her soft cunt-fur hiding his nose. Bobby was staring up at her heaving
tits
    as he lapped and tongued his mother's seeping twat. His hands were under
her
    ass, cupping the firmly bunched cheeks as she writhed and bucked beneath
    his vacuuming mouth.

       "Uhhhhhhhhhhh! Bobby! Ohhhhhh my God, baby!"
    Bobby fucked his tongue deeply into his mother's cunt, and Cathy strained
    onto it, her hands grabbing her tits, squeezing them, her nipples bulging
    between her fingers. She let out a low shriek when he began lapping the
    full length of her cuntslit, his tongue dragging from her asshole to clit
    with long, satisfying swipes. His mouth seemed to be all over her crotch,
    his tongue everywhere at once. Cathy churned her ass, thrashing her hips
in
    wanton ecstasy, ramming her cunt into her son's mouth. She was soaring
with
    rapture, her son's mouth filling her cunt with sensations that burned her
    flesh in a way she had never felt in her life.

       Cathy's cunt stretched around Bobby's prick, and she began to shiver
as
    he slid it in deeper. She let out a soft cry of ecstasy when she felt his
    balls brush against her clit. Her cunt twitched around his cock and she
gave
    her naked ass a wiggle.
       "Oh, Jesus!", Bobby gasped, gripping her hips and lunging back and
forth,
    fucking his mother with long, swift strokes.
    Cathy began to whimper and moan, clawing wildly at the sheets as Bobby
    fucked her cunt from behind, the lewd slapping noises adding to her
pleasure
    as her ass rippled from the delicious pounding. She looked up between her
    open thighs and watched her son's huge cock slicing into her cunt. His
    hairless young balls slammed against her clit with every thrust, causing
    Cathy to gyrate wantonly, twisting and grinding her ass back at him as
    Bobby fucked her cunt with his hot, hard prick.

       Her tits swelled and her nipples hardened into erect pink little buds,
    sending sharp thrills through her body as they rubbed sensuously against
    the crisp sheets. Her flesh felt like it was on fire.
       "Ram it to me, Bobby, darling! Ram your fat cock up mother's cunt
hard!"
       "Unnnnnggghhhh! Oh Jesus, Mom, yeah!... wiggle that ass for me, baby!"
    Cathy caught sight of her son in the large bedside mirror, he was staring
    down at the junction of their sexual organs, watching his cock plow into
    her suctioning cunt. His young eyes blazed with an intensity that Cathy
had
    never seen before. It was a look of pure carnal desire, and Cathy
suspected
    that right now, the same expression of animal lust was reflected on her
    own face. Bobby caught his mother's gaze in the mirror and licked his
lips,
    provocatively. Cathy maintained the sensual eye contact with him, staring
    into her son's lust clouded eyes as he fucked her deeply. The lewdness of
it
    made Cathy shiver and tremble, her excitement increasing by the second.

       The pulsating ridges of Bobby's cock rubbed along the walls of his
    mother's clinging sheath, his swollen cockhead sending rippling waves of
    cuntflesh before it as he fucked her hard, driving very deep.
       "I bet that feels good, don't it, Mom?", asked her son, giving her
cunt
    a couple of hard stabs in quick succession. "Tell me how much you want
    it, bitch! Come on, tell me how much you like my big prick shoved up your
    slimy, wet cunt, you horny fuckin' slut!"
       "Ohhh, Bobby! I love it, baby! Jesus, I love every fuckin' inch of
it!"
       "Ummmmmm, I bet you do, bitch!", panted Bobby. "And I bet if I had
    another nine inches you'd take that too, and scream for more, wouldn't
    you, cunt?"

      "God! Bobby! Ohh, fuck yes! Ohh, baby!", Cathy squealed into the
mattress,
    becoming more and more aroused by Bobby's obscene suggestions. It excited
    her immensely to let her son talk to her that way, cursing her like a
    common backstreet whore. If it had been, anyone else Cathy  would have
felt
    degraded, dirty, but she knew that Bobby loved her dearly, and speaking
to
    his own mother like that was as big a thrill to him as it was to her.
       "Squeeze my balls, bitch!", growled Bobby. "Reach under and squeeze my
    fuckin' balls while I give your hot snatch the fucking it deserves,
baby!"
    Cathy did as she was told, grabbing the boy's swollen testicles with both
    hands. She squeezed gently at first, then harder as she felt his strong,
    young cock slam faster into her flooded gash. Bobby reached round between
    his mother's jerking thighs and fondled her cunt, feeling his slippery,
wet
    prick sliding between the swollen lips of her pussy.

       "Ohhhh, yeahhhh! Fuck, that's nice! Mmmmmmm, throw that cunt at me,
Mom!"
       "Hold, my ass!", Cathy cried out. "Uhhhhhh, Bobby, hold momma's ass
and
    fuck as deep as you can, baby! Jerk my hot ass back! Pull my cunt onto
your
    cock, son!"
       Bobby grabbed his mother's hips and pulled her roughly towards him,
    yanking her backwards onto his glistening prick like he was fucking a rag
    doll. Cathy screamed with pleasure, her asshole puckering as wild,
depraved
    sensations coursed through her body.
       "Ahhhhhhggghhhhhh! Screw me, Bobby! Fuck your mother hard! Uhhhhhhh,
you
    gorgeous prick!"
       "You're a fuckin' horny bitch, aren't you Mom?", panted Bobby, feeling
    her hot juices cover his fingers. "Your cunt is so damn wet, it's running
    down your legs! It's like a fuckin' swamp down there!"

       Cathy sobbed and shook her uplifted ass, grinding onto his prick as
her
    son kept up the glorious fucking. His words increased her hunger and she
    gyrated her ass frantically, her clit rubbing against the shaft of his
    cock. Bobby watched his mother's exposed asshole, the crinkled ring of
her
    anus making sucking motions as he fucked her cunt. He pressed a thumb
into
    the tight, puckered opening, causing his mother to cry out. Not with
pain,
    but with intense pleasure.
       "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, yessss, baby! Touch momma's asshole! It's okay, Bobby!
    Touch it... do anything you want with it!"
       "You like that, don't you, Mom?", grunted Bobby, inserting his middle
    finger into Cathy's hot, buttery asshole. "Mmmmmmmm! Christ, it's tighter
    than your fuckin' cunt... and hotter too! Move your ass, bitch! Twist
onto
    my cock while I finger-fuck your horny ass!"

       "Bobby, your tongue.... your lips! Ohhhhhhh, baby, you're gonna make
me
    come! Ahhh, fuck it into me! Push your tongue real deep up mother's cunt!
    Fuck me with your tongue, baby!"
    Grabbing her grinding ass, Bobby plunged his tongue as far up his
mother's
    pussy as he could, his mouth spread wide over the hairy opening.
       "Ohhhhhhhhh, Bobby! Oh my Goddddddddddd!"
    Her ass lurched hard, her cunt grinding against his sucking mouth. Cathy
    screamed again, coming in powerful waves of consuming heat. The
contractions
    increased and her pussy closed around his stabbing tongue, grabbing at it
    tightly. Cathy came hard, holding her son's head between her clamped
thighs
    as tightly as she could. She began whimpering as her orgasm kept rumbling
    through her. Arching her back up off the bed, Cathy thrust her cunt
against
    her son's face in convulsive little movements, every muscle in her body
    becoming taut as a bowstring.

       Bobby sucked and licked at his mother's cunt ravenously, slowing only
    when he felt her spasms subside. With a deep sigh, Cathy's thighs fell
from
    his shoulders, and she lay there limp and drained, sprawling lewdly
before
    her son's eyes. But Bobby wasn't through yet. Sucking his mother off had
    excited the boy beyond belief, and now his rock-hard cock, throbbed
    painfully between his legs, aching for some sort of relief. He stood up.
       "Turn over!", Bobby ordered, fisting his cock.
    Cathy hardly heard him. She was still in a daze, too busy staring at his
    oversized prick to understand what he was talking about.
       "Turn over, Mom!", he repeated. "Show me some ass!"
    After staring at him blankly for a moment, Cathy rolled onto her stomach.
    Bobby looked down at her back, at the tightness of her naked ass and
    thighs. His cock was straining with hardness. The swell of his mother's
    smooth, creamy ass fascinated him.

       "Open your legs, Mom," he said, his voice hoarse.
    Cathy trembled, slowly parting her thighs, pressing her hot cuntmound
down
    against the cool sheets as she did so.
       "Lift it!" he panted. "Lift your ass in the air!"
    Cathy had been in this position before, and she felt a delicious shiver
of
    anticipation as she drew up her knees, arching her shapely ass for him.
       "Spread your knees!", he groaned.
    Cathy pushed her knees outward, exposing her entire crotch to the hungry,
    gleaming eyes of her son. She felt so excitingly vunerable, crouching
like
    this with her knees apart, her naked ass stuck up in the air like a bitch
    in heat. Cathy was hot alright, and the cool air on her tightly-stretched
    asshole and cunt did little to abate the heat. Bobby had excited her like
    no other lover, and although the boy had already fucked and sucked her to
    two magnificent orgasms, Cathy doubted that her son's talented cock would
    be enough to quench the volcanic fires of lust raging within her tonight.

       Behind her, Bobby gripped his cock and stared at her spread crotch,
    fascinated at seeing everything his mother usually kept so well-concealed
    in her panties, on full display. Her ass was tight and satiny, the cheeks
    open, the little pink rosebud of her asshole pouting, the slit of her
cunt
    glistening wetly.
       "Higher!", groaned Bobby, and his mother raised her ass, bowing her
    back, her head and shoulders on the bed, her knees close to the edge of
the
    mattress. "Mmmmmmm, that's beautiful, Mom! You look so fucking horny with
    your ass stuck up in the air like that. Boy, do you ever look ready for a
    good fuck!"
    Cathy turned her head and looked over her shoulder at her son's long,
    thick cock, her eyes glazing with incestuous desire.
       "Fuck me then!", she gasped. "Fuck me from behind, baby! Just ram your
    prick, up my cunt fast and fuck it!"

       "I am gonna fuck you, Mom!", grunted Bobby. "I'm gonna fuck you so
hard
    you won't be able to sit cross-legged for a week. Hold your ass up for
me!
    Hold it in your hands. Show me how hot you are for my cock, Mom! Yeah,
    that's it, pull your cunt open for my prick, baby!"
    Panting with lust, his mother shoved her hands up the backs of her
thighs.
    She pulled the wet lips of her pussy wide apart for him, and tried to
lift
    her ass higher. Bobby licked his lips as he watched her, his cock jerking
    madly up and down, his balls on fire. He stepped up and, placing his
hands
    on her asscheeks, fucked his cock into his mother's hairy, wet snatch
with
    slow pressure.
       "Oh, Mom, I can see your cunt take my cock!"
       "Uhhhhhhh, baby, yes! Watch mother's cunt swallow your hard cock!"

       "Ahhhhrrrrggggghhhhh!", screamed Cathy, feeling her son's finger stab
    deeply into her rectum. "Jesus, that feels fantastic! Oh, baby! Ram that
    finger up my ass and fuck me with it! Fuck momma in both holes at once!"
    There was some slight pain, but it was insignificant compared with the
    combined pleasure of his plunging cock and finger. Cathy shook her ass
from
    side to side, panting hotly as Bobby fucked his finger in and out of her
    hot asshole, his cock pounding into her cunt with increased vigour.
       "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Jesus! I wanna fuck your tight ass!", groaned Bobby.
       "You are, baby!", Cathy grunted. "Uhhhhh, God, are you ever!"
       "Not with my finger, baby! With my fuckin' cock!". Bobby growled.
    Cathy gasped as she pictured her son's huge prick stuffed up her narrow
    rear passage.

       His finger in there felt big enough, but should Bobby manage to get
    his prick inside her asshole, she was sure his oversized prong would
    split her wide open. Even so, the very thought of letting her son put his
    cock up her anus excited her to such a degree, that Cathy made only a
token
    effort in discouraging him from the idea.
       "No, Bobby! Your cock's too big! You'll hurt momma!"
       "You'll change your mind once it's in there, Mom, believe me!"
    Bobby pulled his cock from her clinging cunt with a quick jerk, and
pressed
    it against the tiny opening of his mother's tight asshole. Cathy
whimpered
    as she felt his fat cockhead push past the muscular ring of her anus and
pop
    inside.

       "Careful, baby! Not too hard... real slow and easy at first, okay?"
    She held her breath as her son exerted more pressure.
    Bobby grasped her asscheeks and pulled them wide apart, watching his
    glistening prick sink slowly inward. His eyes burned with excitement as
he
    felt his mother's asshole squeeze his cock and then expand around it,
    gripping the long, thick shaft like a hot, velvet vice.

       "Uhhhhhnnnnggggghhh! Shit, that's fuckin' tight!", bellowed Bobby, his
    cock buried halfway inside his mother's hot, clinging asshole.
       "Ohhhh, God!" whimpered Cathy.
       Bobby paused.
       "No, don't stop!",  she gasped. "It feels good! You're not hurting me,
    honey! Push it all the way in, push your cock up mother's hot ass,
lover!"
       "I told you you'd change your tune once I had it in you, Mom!",
laughed
    her son. Bobby smiled inwardly. His mother was just like all the other
    women and girls he'd fucked. Once they got his big, fat prick stuffed up
    inside them, they just couldn't get enough of him... in their mouths, in
    their cunts, even in their assholes... and with some of them, especially
    their assholes!

       Bobby moved his cock deeper, watching her asshole engulf it. The heat
    was intense and, as he'd correctly guessed, his mother's virgin rear
passage
    was much tighter than her cunt. Cathy gasped and held her breath as she
felt
    her asshole stretch to accommodate her son's huge cock. Surprisingly,
what
    little pain there was seemed to enhance her pleasure, and the more cock
he
    forced into her ass, the better it began to feel.
       "Ummmmmmmmmmmmmm!", she moaned, arching back onto her son's prick.
        Cathy could tell when her son fucked in the final inch of his long,
    thick shaft. His hairy balls bumped against the open folds of her pussy,
    tickling the delicate slot. Grunting, Bobby squeezed his mother's
wiggling
    asscheeks, allowing his cock to rest inside her for a moment.

       "Unnnnggghh! Fuck! My cock is all the way inside you, Mom!"
       "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh God!", groaned Cathy. "Jesus honey, don't I know
it!"
       "Feel good?", breathed Bobby.
       "Oh, God yes!", his mother cried. "Your cock feels so fucking big up
my
    ass, baby! Oooooooh, it's driving me crazy!  Jesus, why haven't I tried
this
    before!"
       "You mean you've never been fucked up the ass before, Mom?", Bobby
asked
    incredulously. "Not even by Dad?"
       "Never! Your father always always thought it was dirty, and as long as
he
    fucked my cunt the way he did, I never questioned that. Mmmmmm! But
now...
    I think I've been missing out on one hell of a good thing all these
years!"
       "You sure have, Mom!" said Bobby. "Jesus! I can't believe it, my own
    mother, a cherry-ass, and I'm the one to take it!  What a fuckin'
turn-on!"


                                  Chapter 3

       "I'm glad it's you, baby!", said his mother huskily. "It's so much
more
    exciting having you fuck me, sweetheart!"
    Cathy tingled all over with pleasure. Her initial fears about letting her
    son fuck her up the ass were almost gone, washed away by the rising heat
of
    anticipation. Her horny young son had fucked her cunt, now he was going
    to fuck her asshole. The wild, incestuous wickedness of it heightened her
    pleasure a hundredfold.

       Bobby began to move his cock inside his mother's butthole, holding her
    firm, round asscheeks spread wide apart. Cathy wiggled her ass around her
    son's cock and turned her head, looking back over her shoulder at him.
    She smiled sexily, meeting her son's bulldozing cock-strokes with wanton
    little jerks of her hips, offering him her ass as shamelessly she had
    offered him her cunt. Something wicked and hot was beginning to mount
    within her, something she knew she wouldn't be able to control. Maybe it
    had something to do with the boy's balls slapping against her pussy.
Maybe
    it was the unusual friction of his cock that excited her. Or perhaps it
was
    simply that the very sexy young man fucking her shitter was her own son.
    Whatever was creating the wonderful feelings, Cathy wanted more, and
judging
    by the way Bobby had performed so far, she was sure that her virile young
    son would be able to give it to her. She only wished that the sensations
she
    was experiencing right now, could go on and on forever.

       Bobby listened as his mother's guttural whimpers became louder. Her
    pussy was dripping, the hot juice simply running from her empty fuckhole.
    Her lovely, firm ass writhed and twisted against him, moving back and
forth
    as her hips whipped from side to side.
       "Uhhhhhhhhhh! Jesus, that's tight!", he grunted. "Christ! I still
can't
    believe that I'm the first guy to plow you up the fuckin' ass, Mom!"
       "Oh, you are, Bobby! Believe me, you are!", whimpered his mother.
"Mmmmm,
    your cock feels good in there though. Ooooooh, I wish I could see it,
    sweetheart! God, it would be such a turn-on to watch you fuck my ass,
baby!"
       "Next time, Mom!", promised her son. "We'll do it in front of a mirror
so
    we can both watch my prick fucking your tight, sexy little asshole,
okay?"
       "Oooooh, yes, my baby, yessss!", she hissed, shivering at the
deliciously
    horny thought.

       Bobby rammed his cock in and out of his mother's asshole, holding
firmly
    onto her jutting hips, watching her naked ass-flesh ripple from the solid
    pounding he was giving her. He felt the muscular ring of her anus
scraping
    up and down the length of his turgid shaft... milking him... sucking
him...
    squeezing his cock like a tightly clenched fist.
       "Uhhhhhhhh! Fuck it, Mom!", he growled. "Move it just like that! Yeah!
    Show me how much you like my fuckin' cock stuffed up your hot, horny
ass!"
    Bobby didn't need to encourage his mother one little bit. His prick was
    doing that all by itself. She lurched and thrust her ass back at him with
    shameless abandon, grinding her teeth as she fucked with him. She could
feel
    every inch of his hard young prick inside her belly, penetrating her in
such
    a fantastic way, she never thought possible.

       "Oh, you wonderful, wonderful boy! Fuck my ass! Ahhhhhhhhhhh! Ram
momma's
    shitter, honey! Oooooh, God it's never felt like this before! Fuck
meeeeee!"
       "I am, Mom!", panted Bobby, watching his mother's asshole cling wetly
to
    his cock. "Uhhh, Jesus! Dad had no fuckin' idea what he was missing out
on!"
       "Unnnnggghhhh, I know, baby!", mewled Cathy. "The only trouble is,
I've
    been missing out on it all this time as well!"
       "Pity the old man wasn't still around, Mom!", Bobby chuckled. "I bet I
    could show him a thing or two about ass-fucking!"
       "Oooooh Jesus, baby, you could show you father EVERYTHING about
fucking!"
       "How about two cocks fucking you at once, Mom?", grinned Bobby. "One
    stuffed up your horny, wet snatch... the other fucking your tight ass! I
bet
    you'd like that, wouldn't you, Mom?"
       Cathy moaned as her son quickened up the pace of his ass-fucking.
       "Uhhh! Yesss! Yes, I would! Oh, God! Two pricks at once! Fuck, I'd
love
    that!"

      She could feel her son's prick pulsating inside her, and it felt just
as
    good in her asshole as it did in her cunt. She twisted her hips, grinding
    backwards onto his cock she squealed excitedly. Bobby began to fuck his
    mother hard, slamming his cock into her ass with terrific force.
       "Uhh! Uhhh! Uhhh! Tight! Fuckin' tight!", he chanted, stabbing deeply.
    Cathy reached for her cunt and slid two fingers inside the slick, gaping
    hole. She jammed them in deeply, rubbing her aching clit with the heel
    of her hand as her son's cock slammed in and out of her quivering ass.

       "Fuck me, baby! Fuck my ass! Ohhhhhhhh, so fucking good! I love it
this
    way! I can feel your cock going in so deep! Mmmmm, fuck the piss out of
me!"
    Excited by her wanton encouragement, Bobby began to really fuck his
mother
    hard, stabbing his cock inside her ass as deeply as he could. Cathy
simply
    whimpered with pleasure, fucking her cunt just as deeply with her
fingers.
    Shivers of erotic excitement raced up and down her heated flesh. She
could
    feel Bobby's cock through the thin membrane separating her asshole from
her
    cunt, and each time he pulled his prick back, Cathy thrust her fingers
deep
    inside her gooey slit, the sensations in her crotch flooding her brain
like
    liquid fire. The drag of her son's cock in her ass while her own fingers
    diddled her cunt was unlike any feeling Cathy had ever experienced.

       Cathy's erect clit bulged under her fingers in a tight knot as her
mind
    filled with lewd, exciting images... images of her husband and her son,
    their cocks hard as steel, one in her cunt, the other in her ass, fucking
    her simultaneously, filling her body urgently with twin poles of hard,
    throbbing meat. Her mind soared with the ultimate rapture.
       "Ohhhhh! Bobby, oh baby, fuck my ass... ram that big cock up my
fuckin'
    asshole!... God, I love this! I love it so much! Fuck me, Bobby! Fuck the
    shit out of momma's hot ass, honey!... Ahhhhhgggggghhhh, this is so
good!"
       Bobby grunted as he fucked his cock in and out of his mother's tight
    butt. The wet sounds were loud, as were the slaps of flesh against flesh.
       "I want you to come, bitch!", shouted Bobby, fucking his mother's ass
    with frantic thrusts. "Come all over your fingers while I plug your hot
    fuckin' ass!"

       As he pounded her asshole vigorously, Cathy cried out with each lunge
    into her body. Her cunt was soaked with hot juices, and clung to her
fingers
    wetly, making loud slurping noises as she fucked her whole hand up into
her
    crotch with brutal force. Her whole body seemed to expand, to swell with
the
    delicious sensations flooding her. Cathy screamed as her son pulled her
    roughly against him, fucking his cock into her asshole to the hilt.
       "Unnnnnnnggghhhh! Christ Bobby, ram it to me!", she sobbed. "Oh, baby,
    fuck it as hard as you can! Fuck my ass! Fuck my cunt! Fuck me
anywhere...
    just give me that hard cock, lover!"
    Bobby grinned at his mother and knifed his prick deep, ramming her cunt
    to the hilt. Wet sucking sounds rose from their meshed crotches, and his
    cock glistened with the gooey wet slime oozing from his mother's cunt.
    Cathy churned her ass wildly, her son's cock penetrating her bowels felt
    so good, better than she had thought possible. His young balls slapped
    into her frothy cuntslit, making her clit strain outward against her
    fingers.

       "I hope you're nearly ready to come, Mom? 'Cause I sure as hell am!"
       "Yesssss! Oh, yes! Make me come too, Bobby!", squealed Cathy.
"Ummmmmmm,
    baby, fuck momma fast, as fast as you can! Ohhhhhh, yeah, honey! Ram that
    that fuckin' thing right up momma's ass and come in my belly!"
    She pushed her hips at her son with wild abandon as the boy began to
pound
    her ass savagely, fucking her with strong, rapid thrusts that shook her
    whole body. Within seconds, Bobby climaxed into his mother's writhing
ass,
    and as Cathy felt his hot young sperm enter her butt, she began to climax
    also, screaming out in loud, uncontrollable ecstasy.
       "AHHHHHHHHHHHH! FUCK! I'M COMMMMMMMING!", she yelled, rubbing her clit
    frantically. "OOOOOH, BABY, NOW!... SHOOT THAT HOT JUICE UP MY FUCKIN'
ASS!"
    Bobby felt his mother's ass squeeze his cock with a tightness that almost
    weakened him. The flexing contractions of it around his cock caused his
    balls to draw up against the base of his prick. He lifted his head to the
    ceiling, his eyes squeezed tightly shut, his mouth open. With a loud
yell,
    he came, gushing hot come into his mother's convulsing asshole.

       "ARRGGGHHHH! JESUS, I'M CUMMING, MOM! OHHHHHH! HERE IT COMES!  I'M
GONNA
    FILL YOUR HOT, FUCKING ASS WITH CUM" AHGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH, YOU GORGEOUS
FUCK!"
       Cathy cried out with ecstasy as she felt her son climax inside her,
the
    hot, splashing juices causing her own orgasm to intensify greatly.
       "YES! YES! YESSS, BABY! OH, THAT FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD!", squealed
Cathy.
    Bobby lunged into his mother's ass with all his strength, grunting loudly
as
    his deeply imbedded cock spurted jet after jet of hot, sticky jism into
her
    quivering gut.
       "UNNNNNHHHHH, CHRIST, YES! COME! COME WITH ME, MOM! OHHHHH! OHHHHHH!
TAKE
    MY JIZZ! TAKE IT RIGHT UP YOUR ASS, YOU FUCKING HORNY SLUT!", yelled
Bobby.
    His mother strained her spread asscheeks against him, wanting his big
cock
    as deep as it would go while he came. She clutched at the mattress,
bracing
    herself as her son emptied his balls into her butt, her own orgasm
crashing
    in tremendous waves of pleasure throughout her ravaged asshole and cunt.
    Cathy sobbed and thrashed with rapture, coming over and over again as
    Bobby's hard young prick jerked and twitched inside her.

       The whole bed shook with the intensity of their fucking, but neither
of
    them noticed, not even when a glass fell from the bedside table shattered
    loudly on the floor. Cathy made strangling noises, her hot ass gripping
her
    son's cock, pulsating around it, sucking at it like a tight, wet little
    mouth.
       "OHHHHH BOBBY! I FEEL IT!... I CAN FEEL YOUR HOT CUM, BABY!", bleated
    Cathy. Her ass seemed to be melting around her son's hard, spurting
prick.
    A big jet of cum flooded her insides, then another and another, until
    Cathy's ass was awash with her son's hot sperm. Spunk hung off his prick
in
    strings each time he pulled out of her ass. It overflowed and poured
    from her asshole in torrents, saturating her upper thighs and dribbling
down
    into the slit of her pussy. Bobby reached beneath her and cupped Cathy's
    steamy cuntmound, rubbing a handful of the sticky slime over her
pulsating
    clit and into her gash, taking a great deal of pleasure in smearing his
    mother's wetly gaping cunt with their combined spendings. It gave him a
    queer kind of thrill.

       Bobby left his prick inside his mother's ass for a long time, moving
the
    dwindling shaft languidly back and forth until it was drained and limp.
Only
    then did he withdraw completely and flop down onto the bed beside her.
       "How was that, Mom?", he grinned. "How did you enjoy your first
assfuck!"
    Cathy rolled onto her back in an exhausted heap. If she'd been able to
speak
    right then she'd have told her son that she absolutely loved it, but all
she
    could do for the moment was gasp and pant, trying to catch her breath.
Bobby
    put his arms around his mother and hugged her tight. As soon as she was
able
    to breathe easier, Cathy covered her son's mouth and neck with hot
kisses,
    holding his naked young body tenderly against hers.
       "Oh, Bobby!", she moaned. "That was utterly fantastic! How was it for
    you, honey?"
       "Mom, you'll never know how good it felt," he said, smiling at her.
"It
    was like a dream come true."

       "Mmmmmmmm, it was for me too, Bobby!", gasped Cathy. "I don't know
why,
    sweetheart, but you make me feel so fucking horny I could die!"
    Bobby kissed one of his mother's naked breasts, using his fingers to
squeeze
    and caress the firm flesh gently.
       "You do the same to me, Mom," he replied. "Ummmmmmm! God, you have
    gorgeous fuckin' tits!"
       "Why thank you, baby!", laughed Cathy, becoming more and more turned
    on by the boy's hot mouth action. Bobby stuck out his tongue and flicked
    his mother's erect nipple, teasing her. Finally, he sank his whole mouth
    onto the creamy, swollen boob and began to suck shamelessly.
       "OOOOOOOOH! JESUS! OHHHHHHHHHHH!", she moaned. Sparks of pleasure were
    shooting into her tit.

       She grabbed Bobby's cock and rubbed the limp, sticky organ until it
began
    to stiffen convincingly between her stroking fingers.
       "Oh baby, you horny stud! You're ready again! Ummmmmmmmmm, and so
soon!",
    marvelled his mother as she felt his young cock enlarge in her hand. It
    began  to swelling rapidly, growing to full size again in a matter of
    seconds. Cathy opened her thighs wide and grabbed her son's hand,
pressing
    it over the pulpy lips of her pussy.
       "Feel my cunt!", she moaned. "Feel how hot and wet you've made me,
baby!"
    Bobby slipped his fingers inside, dragging them through his mother's
juicy
    slit from top to bottom. Cathy whimpered and bucked her cunt up against
her
    son's hand. Sweet melty feelings were soaring up between her legs.

       His mother's pussy fluttered wildly around his fingers as Bobby probed
    deeply. She was wet alright, and hot.... so hot, his fingers felt like
they
    were in a fucking oven. She had a tight grip on his cock, and was jerking
it
    up and down real hard, masturbating him harder the deeper his fingers
    penetrated. A quiver went through her, and Cathy began bouncing up and
down,
    impaling herself on her son's stiffened fingers again and again. The
boy's
    cock grew huge in her steady fist.
       "Uhhhhhhh, Bobby!", she groaned, closing her eyes tightly. "If you
keep
    you keep that up, you're gonna have do more than finger-fuck me, baby!"
    Bobby lifted his head from his mother's boobs and grinned at her.
       "That's the whole idea of foreplay, isn't it?", he chuckled.
       "Oh yes, yes! God, yessss!", gasped Cathy, squeezing her son's cock
hard.
       "Christ, Mom!", yelped Bobby. "Slow down a bit or you'll make me
squirt
    all over you!"

       "Mmmmmmm, that's a nice nice thought," purred Cathy. "but I had
something
    else in mind, honey!"
    She sat up and pushed her son flat on his back. His big cock stood
straight
    straight up, jerking with intense hardness. She crawled over him,
    straddling the boy's thighs with her own.
       "Are you gonna sit on my cock, Mom?", asked Bobby hopefully.
    Cathy smiled and shuffled further up over her son's slim athletic body on
    her knees, pausing when her cunt hovered directly above his erect cock.
       "You'd like that, wouldn't you, baby?", she breathed sexily, stroking
her
    fingers teasingly up and down the length of his young prick. "Ummmmmm, I
bet
    you'd like your mother to sit right down on this big, hard-on of yours
and
    fuck herself to death, right baby?"
    Cathy's eyes glowed with incestuous passion as she watched her son's
face.

       "Oh, yeah, Mom!", groaned Bobby. "Fuck, yeah!"
       "You want to stuff your cock up Mother's cunt and fuck the shit out of
    it, right?", continued Cathy, panting with excitement. "Say it, honey,
    say it!... You want to fuck your mother again, right, baby?"
       "Uhhhhhh yeah, do I ever!", he grunted. "I wanna fuck you, Mom! I
wanna
    drive my cock up your tight, wet snatch and screw your hot fuckin' ass
off!"
       "Ooooooooh, Bobby!", Cathy said with a thick voice. "That sounds so
wild,
    I just might let you do it, sweetheart! But ...."
       "But what, Mom?", asked Bobby, urgently. "Jesus, you're not feeling
tired
    are you?"
       "No, baby!", she laughed inching upwards again. "It's nothing like
that!"
    Cathy rested her cunt on his stomach, and Bobby gasped as he felt the wet
    heat of his mother's cunt on his flesh.

       "I was just thinking that if you were real nice to me, I'd probably
let
    you fuck me again."
       "I'll be nice, Mom!", said Bobby eagerly.
       "Of course you will, darling," she cooed, rubbing her cunt higher
until
    she had it on his chest. She twisted her ass, smearing her wet pussy over
    his skin. "You'll do anything Mother wants... as long as you get fucked.
    Right, baby?"
       "You bet, Mom. Anything!" panted Bobby, staring into his mother's
crotch.
    Cathy saw the look in her son's eyes and smiled, wickedly. Raising
herself
    up off his chest, she reached down between her thighs and parted the lips
of
    her pussy with both hands, hunching forward until her succulent, pink
gash
    was only only inches from the boy's face.
       "That give you any ideas, baby?", Cathy said throatily.

       "Oh, yeahhhhh!", panted Bobby, his eyes widened as he stared at his
    mother's face. "You want me to suck it, don't you Mom?"
       "Only if you want to, darling," said Cathy. "I know some guys don't
like
    sucking a girl's pussy, but I can tell by the look on your face that
you're
    not one of those. You want to suck Mother's cunt, don't you, baby?"
    Bobby's eyes blazed from his mother's cunt to her dangling tits.
    Cathy waited for his reply, rolling her hips wantonly, teasing him,
smearing
    her leaky cunt close to his neck now.
       "Well, wouldn't you like to suck Mother's cunt?"
    With a look of pure animal lust on his handsome young face, Bobby gave
his
    mother the answer she knew he would.

       "Ohhhh, Mom! Give it to me!", he gasped, sliding his arms around her
hips
    and cupping her ass, pulling her pussy towards his face. "I'll suck your
    juicy cunt! I'll lick it and suck it and tongue your clit and.... Uhhhh,
sit
    on my face, Mom!"
       "Mmmmmm, Bobby, you darling boy, I knew you would!"
    Cathy gurgled with pleasure, lifting her cunt off her son's chest and
    sliding higher. She was on her knees, still holding her pussy open. Bobby
    gazed up at his mother's glistening cunt, his eyes burning and his tongue
    licking at his lips. A drop of pussy juice dripped onto his tongue, and
    Bobby pulled it into his mouth, then swallowed it.

       "Ooooooooh God, Bobby, kiss Mother right on the cunt!"
    Holding onto her tight ass, Bobby pushed his face into his mother's
gaping
    pussy. Cathy arched her back and gasped with pleasure as she felt her
son's
    lips collide with her hot, wet cuntflesh. The boy's tongue darted out and
slid over her clit, flicking
    the sensitive little nub to instant erection. Cathy jerked her ass back
and
    forth, fucking her cunt into her son's face with wanton urgency.
       "Inside!", she squealed. "Push your tongue inside me, baby! Mmmmmm,
fuck
    Mother with your tongue!"
    Bobby opened his mouth wide, and plunged his tongue deep into his
mother's
    cunt. Cathy whipped her ass about, gurgling and whimpering with ecstasy.
    She rubbed and twisted, smearing her drooling pussy into Bobby's eager
face.

       Cathy's brain spun with forbidden ecstasy as she writhed wantonly
above
    her son. She looked down between her tits at his face, seeing only the
boy's
    firey young eyes above the soft, blonde mass of pussyhair. The incestuous
    depravity of what they were doing was fabulously exciting to her. She
felt
    no guilt at all, only wild, erotic pleasure as her son's hot tongue
stabbed
    in and out of her twat. It felt for all the world like a miniature cock,
    except that it wriggled deliciously round and round inside her squirming
    fuckhole, licking and teasing every inch of the sensitive, pink
cuntflesh.
       "Bobby! Ohhhh my God, baby!"
    Cathy held the lips of her cunt open for him and pushed her crotch into
his
    face as her son licked the juices from her pussy like a ravenous young
    puppy.

       "Eat me, eat me!", she cried. "Suck that hot cunt, Bobby! Uhhhhh,
baby,
    baby! Lick Mother's juicy cunt! Yeahhhh, fuck me with your tongue!
Mmmmmm!
    Suck it lover, suck it hard! Make Mother come in your pussy-suckin'
mouth!"
    Bobby gazed up at his mother's heaving tits as he lapped and tongued her
    cunt. Clinging to her grinding ass, he cupped the tightly bunched cheeks,
    sucking and licking his mother's creamy pussy from cunthole to clit. Her
    juices dripped directly into his mouth, and despite the copious flow,
Bobby
    managed to swallow every drop with ease. The taste of his mother's cuntal
    secretions excited him, especially with the knowledge that it was the
action
    of his own mouth and tongue that was producing them in such abundance.

       Cathy began to moan and whimper, jerking her crotch at his face,
rubbing
    her gaping pussy into Bobby's face with total sexual abandon. Her son was
    licking her hotly aroused cunt like it had never been licked before. His
    young mouth seemed to be all over her crotch, his tongue everywhere at
once.
    She churned her ass wantonly, thrashing in ecstasy, beating her cunt
against
    her son's open mouth, almost brutally. But she didn't care, her pussy
burned
    with a feverish intensity she had never felt in her life.
       "Bobby, your tongue... your lips! Ohhhhh, you're gonna make me come!
    Ahhhhh, stab your tongue in there, baby! Push it real deep up Mother's
cunt!
    Fuck me with your hard tongue, you horny little prick!"

       As Bobby fucked his tongue deeply into his mother's cunt, her hands
went
    behind his head, pulling his mouth as tightly as she could against her
    burning pussy. He sucked her clit into his mouth and looked up to watch
her
    reaction. His mother's eyes were tightly closed, and her back was arched
    like a bow as she leaned backwards, grinding her leaking cunt into his
    sucking mouth. Hoarse, guttural obscenities spilled from her lips as she
    approached her climax.
       "Unnnnnnggghhhh! Fuck! Eat my cunt! Suck it, you fuckin' bastard! Suck
    it all into your mouth! Uhhhhhhh! Uhhhhh, don't stop! Don't ever fuckin'
    stop! I love it! Oooooooooooooh, God, yessssss!"

       His mother began to whimper incoherently, her voice a low croak as
Bobby
    sucked her clit hard. He nipped at it with his teeth and flicked it with
his
    tongue. Her cries of pleasure grew louder and more desperate as her
orgasm
    approached, building in her cunt with the speed of a runaway locomotive.
    Cathy whipped her ass about wildly, slithering her pussy over her son's
    mouth again and again, her tits jiggling. But no matter how much his
mother
    writhed and squirmed around, Bobby's open mouth remained firmly plastered
on
    her gooey cunt. His nose mashing against her clit and his stiff tongue
    fucking deeply into her spasming hole brought her off quickly.
       "OOOOOOOH, I'M CUMMMING!", she wailed. "UHHHH, MOMMA'S GONNA COME IN
YOUR
    MOUTH, HONEY! SUCK IT UP! AHHHHGGHHHHH, BABY, DRINK MOMMA'S CUM!... EAT
YOUR
    MOTHER'S CUNT... SUCK IT... FUCK IT... AND... OHHHH! OHHHHHH,
JESUSSSSSSSS!

       With a shout of ecstasy, Cathy gave one last lunge that damn near
snapped
    her son's head off. Her ass lurched hard, her cunt smashing into his
sucking
    mouth with tremendous force. She screamed again, coming in powerful waves
of
    consuming heat. The convulsions increased, and Cathy's twat closed
tightly
    around her son's deeply buried tongue. She could actually feel the hairy
    lips of her cunt opening and closing, the contractions intense. Cathy
    shuddered violently as she came, clamping her thighs on his cheeks as
    tightly as she could, her hands on the back his head, forcing her son's
    tongue to the very depths of her spasming hole. Bobby gripped his
mother's
    twisting ass tightly, burying his face in her cunt, loving the feel of
her
    hot thighs squeezing his head. As Cathy climaxed, Bobby continued to eat
out
    her cunt with gusto, sucking his mother's juicy, quivering hole until her
    rumbling orgasm slowed, then finally stilled.

       Bobby looked up at her, his lower face still pressed into her cunt.
His
    lips still nibbled gently on her clit as he gazed with interest at her
    heaving tits, admiring the size and shape of her light-brown nipples.
They
    were large and erect, and jutted sensuously out from her swollen boobs,
twin
    beacons of his mother's wanton, incestuous fulfillment. Cathy looked down
at
    her son, a satisfied smile on her pretty, glowing face.
       "Oooooooh! Fuck that was good, baby!", she sighed breathlessly.
       "I could tell, Mom!", chuckled Bobby, his voice muffled by her cunt.
"You
    came like a fuckin' rocket!"
    Sliding her cunt back to her son's chest again, Cathy moaned with
pleasure.
       "Mmmmmmmmmmm, I sure did, and you lit the fuse, sweetheart!"

       Bobby's mouth and chin glistened wetly with his mother's smeared
juices,
    but instead of wiping it off, he reached up and pulled her mouth down to
    his. Cathy returning her son's hot soul-kiss feverishly, kissing him back
    with a firey passion that soon had her insatiable pussy dripping with
lust
    once more. She could taste her own cuntjuice on Bobby's lips and it
    stimulated her so much that her hips were soon squirming wildly, smearing
    her wet pussy over the smooth hardness of her son's belly. They clung to
    each other, devouring each other's mouths with a ferocity that only
    incestuous lust can inspire. Cathy felt her son's cock brush her ass.
    She reached behind her body and pumped the long, thick shaft a few times,
    rubbing it into the hot crevice of her butt. Bobby moaned into her mouth.

       "Mmmmmmmm! Ummmmmmmmm! Uhhhhhmmmmmmm!"
    His hands flew to his mother's bunched asscheeks, pulling her as tightly
as
    he could against his feverish body. Cathy thrust her tongue down the
boy's
    throat, making Bobby pant hotly. She licked inside his mouth, moaning and
    gasping with need as she rubbed her soaking wet pussy against him.
       "Uhhhh, Bobby! You're so hard!", she gasped, pulling her tongue from
his
    hot mouth. "You wanna fuck Mother again, don't you, baby?"
       "Yeahhhh, Mom! I wanna fuck you, now!
    As Cathy stared down into her son's hot young eyes, she trembled with
    pleasure at the very thought of his huge, throbbing prong rammed deep up
    inside her pussy once more.

       She scooted her ass lower, positioning her crotch directly above her
    son's pulsing erection, and as he watched his beautiful mother squat down
    over him, Bobby's eyes shone with eager brightness. Her creamy breasts
hung
    low over his face, and Bobby lifted his mouth, sucking first one nipple
and
    then the other as his mother bent forward. Cathy grabbed her son's prick
    with one hand and opened the lips of her cunt with the other, slowly
    lowering her pussy until it touched the bloated tip of his cock. Then,
with
    a soft whimper, Cathy began to rub the head of her son's cock between the
    moist, gaping lips of her pussy, dragging the fat bulbous knob
tantalizingly
    back and forth through the entire length of her firey cuntslit. She
rubbed
    his cock at her swollen clit, mewling softly. Bobby watched impatiently,
    writhing his ass in eagerness. He wanted to lift his ass, ram his cock up
    into his mother's tight cunt and fuck her till his balls exploded in her
    belly. But she had hold of his cock and wouldn't let him inside her any
    deeper.

       Cathy knew how eager her son was to fuck her, but he'd only just
finished
    sucking her cunt to a mind-shattering orgasm. After that sort of heavy
    stimulation it was going to take a little raunchy foreplay to get her
    properly into the mood, and teasing him like this was turning her on
    something fierce. She looked down into her son's pleading eyes with a
    devilishly lewd expression on her beautiful face.
       "Come on, Mom! Stop playing around and let me fuck you for chrissake!"
       "You want it bad, don't you, baby!", grinned Cathy. "You want to fuck
    Mother real bad, don't you?... Can't wait to fuck Mother's cunt... Yeah,
    that's it isn't it?...You can't wait to stick your big, fat cock up
    Mother's hot, wet pussy and fuck the shit out of it, can you Bobby,
dear?"
       "Yes, Mom", hissed Bobby, struggling to get his cock deeper into
    her. "And if you don't let me into your cunt real quick, I'm gonna
fuckin'
    shoot come all over it!"

       "Ohhh, well we can't have that, can we, lover?", chuckled Cathy
    She lowered her crotch just enough to let another inch of her son's cock
    slide between the lips of her pussy. She rolled her hips, in small
circles,
    with his cock barely inside her cunt.
       "Is my pussy hot, baby?"
       "Oh, yes, Mom! It's hot alright!", gasped Bobby, wriggling his hips up
at
    her. "Mmmmmmm, and wet too!... Very hot and very wet!"
       "Want your cock in Mother's cunt?"
       "Uuuhhh, yes!"
       "Maybe I should suck it some more", Cathy teased.

       "My cock is hard enough already, Mom! I wanna fuck!", whimpered Bobby
in
    total frustration. Cathy knew her son wasn't kidding either. His cock was
    huge! She gave it a squeeze, gasping at the size of it. It was so thick
at
    the base, that her fingers didn't quite meeting around its huge, turgid
    circumference. It throbbed in her hand with a life of its own, sticking
    vertically up from between his muscular young thighs like an angry red
    spike... ready to split her in half.

       Cathy stared down at it hungrily, almost tempted to let the boy have
his
    way. His wonderful young prong would feel so damned good rammed up her
horny
    cunt.
       "Maybe I will let you fuck me," Cathy said huskily. "But you're gonna
    have to tell momma how bad you want it, baby!"
    Gazing into her son's contorted face, Cathy slipping her cunt down a bit
    more, feeling his cock spread the lips of her hairy cunt wide. She gasped
    with delight as she felt the hot throb of it.
       "Ohhhhh, Mom! I wanna fuck you so much! Let me fuck you, huh?  Jesus,
I'm
    so hot for you! I need it bad, Mom! Uhhhhh God, I wanna drive my cock up
    inside your wet, juicy little cunt and fuck your hot ass off!"

       "Oooooooh, you really do, don't you?" Cathy gurgled. "I love it when a
    guy wants to fuck me so badly. It makes my pussy real hot! And you want
to
    fuck Mother's hot pussy real bad, don't you, darling?
       "Mom, please!"
       "Ohhhh Bobby, yes! Come to momma, baby!"
    Cathy suddenly released her grip on her son's cock and put her hands on
his
    shoulders. Bracing herself, she spread her knees wide apart and then,
with
a
    loud animal groan, hunched downwards with her hips. Cathy let her weight
do
    all the work, wiggling her hips a little as Bobby's hard thickness sliced
    into her cunt.
       "Watch, baby!", gasped Cathy, staring between her thighs. "Watch
momma's
    cunt take your cock!"

       Bobby watched his mother's hairy cuntlips engulf him, swallowing the
hard
    cylindrical thickness of his cock steadily, an inch at a time. Cathy
clawed
    at his young shoulders, whimpering incoherently as her belly filled with
her
    son's immense cock. But she didn't stop until she felt Bobby's wiry pubic
    hair tickle the tightly-stretched lips of her twat, and she knew he was
in
    her all the way. Cathy sat like that for several seconds, her son's prick
    buried to the balls inside her cunt.
       "Ummmmm Jesus, that's nice!", sighed Cathy, feeling his prick throb
deep
    within her belly. "Oh, Bobby, baby! I still can't believe how fuckin' big
    you are, son! UHHHHHHH! CHRIST! It feels so long and thick and hard, just
    like your father's always did when he fucked me."

       "Shit!", groaned Bobby, squeezing his mother's tits. "Don't worry
about
    Dad anymore. I've got more than enough cock for you to handle, Mom!"
       "Mmmmmmmm! Fuck yes! I know you have, honey!" breathed Cathy,
contracting
    her cunt walls about her son's deeply buried cock. "And believe me baby,
    your momma wouldn't have it any other way."
    Her playful blue eyes stared into her son's handsome face. His cock felt
    like a baseball bat stuffed up her hairy snatch, yet it throbbed and
jerked
    with a life of its own, stretching her deliciously. Cathy slowly began to
    squirm her cunt around on his crotch. Her son's cock was deep, very deep.

       "How does that feel, lover?", she asked, rotating her crotch
    teasingly. "Doesn't it feel nice to have your big, fat prick stuck up
    momma's cunt again? Hmmmmmmm?... Ohhhhhhh, yeah! I bet it feels good....
    It feels real good to fuck your hot mother, doesn't it baby?"
       "Ahhhhhh, fuckin' Christ Almighty!... Does it ever!... Jesus, I love
    fucking your tight, juicy twat, Mom!", groaned Bobby, attempting to lift
    his hips up at her.
       "Good! Then move that big prick in my cunt, baby, and let's you and me
    really fuck up a storm, huh?"
       "Ohhhhhh, Mom!", groaned Bobby, fucking his hips up at her eagerly.

       His mother began to bounce up and down on top of him, initially riding
    his cock with a gently rocking motion. But as the delicious sensations in
    her cunt increased, so did the pace of her fucking.
       "Watch me, Bobby," grunted Cathy, clutching her tits with both
    hands. "Watch Mother's cunt fuck your lovely hard prick, baby!"
    With a squeal, Cathy began to bounce up and down, slapping her pussy onto
    her son's cock to the base, then lifting up until she almost lost it,
only
    to ram down again, real hard.
       "Ummmmm, yeah! That's it!", grunted Bobby. "Fuck my cock! Uuuuh,
unnhhh,
    fuck it good and fast, Mom!... Oh God, your cunt feels so fuckin' hot!"



                                  Chapter 4

       Cathy shivered with ecstasy at her son's words. Till now, she had simply
    been enjoying the pleasure of the moment, and the prospect of regular sex
    with her son hadn't even entered her mind. But now that he'd suggested
    it, Cathy was sure that she wouldn't be able to get enough of Bobby's
    virile and talented young cock. Something about her handsome young son
    made her so damn horny it hurt, and Cathy knew that whatever happened, she
    would be completely willing to fuck him as often and as long as he wished.
       "Uhhh, Bobby, darling! I want you to!", she panted, kissing his neck. "I
    want to do everything with you, honey!.... I want you to fuck me... and suck
    my cunt...and  fuck my ass and my mouth and my tits and.... OHHHHHHH, BOBBY,
    FUCK YOUR MOMMA FOREVER, BABY!"
       "Ooooh, fuck yes! I will, Mom! I will.... Unnnnhhh, Christ, come all
    over cock, you hot horny cunt!"

       Cathy's hard nipples were rubbing lightly over her son's chest, the
    hairless skin created a luscious friction against the erect little buds.
    Her eyes closed again, and her brain reeled with the wonderful sensations
    Bobby was producing within her. Up and down she rode her son's engorged
    cock-shaft, her clit so well stimulated that she knew she would cum in
    moments. Her pussy began to drool, coating his huge fuck-pole with plenty
    of cunt-cream, making it slide smoothly into her tight cunt with the power
    and precision of a oiled piston.
       "More, more!", she squealed. "Oooooooooh, Bobby, I'm almost there, baby!
    I really need you to fuck me harder. Ohhh Jesus, I'm so fuckin' wet! Your
    balls must be dripping!"
       "They are, Mom" he grinned. "And after I've shot another load up your
    juicy fuckin' cunt, you're gonna get down there and lick it all off!"
       "Mmmmmmmmm yes, I will baby!", promised Cathy. "God, you think of the
    sexiest things!"

       Bobby stabbed faster and faster into his mother's saturated fuckhole,
    feeling her quivering pussy squeeze and milk his cock at an ever increasing
    rate. Finally the mounting ecstasy became too much, and Cathy's climax burst
    upon her, wrenching a loud, high-pitched cry from her parched throat.
       "OHHHHHHHHHHHHH! FUCK! FUCK, I'M CUMMMMMMMINGGGGGGG! JESUS! UHHHHHHHH..."
    But even as Cathy wailed in release, her scream was cut short. Bobby
    clutched his mother to him and closed his mouth over hers, thrusting his
    hot tongue deep into her panting mouth. Lost in the rapture that her son had
    helped her achieve, Cathy responded to his kiss, lurching up and down on his
    big fucker, wanting to cum some more.

       In less than a minute she did, shrieking into her son's mouth. Holding
    him tightly, Cathy forced herself to plunge even more wildly onto his cock.
    Bobby encouraged her, using his hands to help her ride his throbbing prick,
    thrusting the rock-hard shaft of meat vigorously up into her yawning cunt.
    Her son was fucking her. God, and was he ever fucking her! She had waited
    so long for a man to fuck her like this, and to her utter pleasure, Bobby
    wasn't afraid to really shaft her. Ummmm, what a young stud he was! His
    prick was so big, so filling and so damned wonderful. Her cunt-juices
    squished out around his cock, the sound and smell of it only making their
    fucking that much more exciting.

       Once more she came. She tore her mouth from his, clawing at his
    shoulders. Her hair whipped about as she flung her head wildly from side to
    side, her loud screech ringing in his ears.
       "AHHHHHHHGGGGGHHHH! I'M CUMMING TOO!", he yelled, fucking his cock into
    his mother savagely. "OOOOOHH, FUCK IT! I'M GONNA SHOOT, MOM! I'M GONNA FILL
    YOUR HOT, JUICY CUNT WITH CUM! UHHHH! OH, FUCK! OH, FUCK! UNNNNNGGHHHHHHHH!"
    As her son's hot sperm spat into her cunt, Cathy had yet another orgasm,
    so potent and rending that she slumped over him, her body trembling
    uncontrollably. Bobby held his mother tightly, his prick still twitching
    in her well-fucked cunt as she sprawled on top of him, breathing heavily.

    They lay like that for some time, enjoying the dying spasms of a really
    mind-blowing fuck. Then, slowly, Cathy came out of her orgasmic trance and
    rolled off her son's limp body. His cock pulled from her sloppy cunt with an
    audible plop and lay twitching wetly across his thigh, still half-hard but
    deflating rapidly.
       "Oh no, It's going soft already!", cried Cathy in mock despair.
    Bobby grinned at his mother and forced her head down between his legs.
       "Give it a little lick, Mom, and see if you can make it come back up
    again!"
       "Jesus Bobby, you're a randy little devil!", she chuckled, taking his
    sticky cock in her hand. "You're gonna fuck your poor mother to death!"

       "Mmmmmmmm, yeahhhh!.... But what a way to go, huh Mom?", Bobby grinned.
    Cathy bent forward and let her tongue glide lovingly over the boy's velvety
    cockhead, coating it evenly with her glistening saliva. His soaked crotch
    reeked of pussy, but instead of being revolted, Cathy found the heady smell
    of her own sex combined with that of her son, deeply arousing. She sniffed
    a little like a bitch on heat and then, with a low whimper, opened her lips
    wide, taking the boy's limp, meaty prick deep into her hot, wet mouth.
       "Yeahhhh, Mom! Ohhh, Christ! Suck my cock, bitch! Suck my fuckin' prick!"
    Bobby's hands were at the back of his mother's head, holding her mouth
    firmly on his rising cock. But he needn't have bothered, because right now,
    taking her mouth off Bobby's gorgeous young prick was the last thing on
    Cathy's tortured mind.

        The very taste of it made her pussy crawl, and as her son began hunching
    his swelling meat up into her throat, Cathy groaned with instant arousal.
       "Ohhhhhh, Bobby! Your cock is really delicious, after it's been up my
    pussy," she purred. "Mmmmmmmm, I can taste my own cunt on your dick, baby!"
    The piquant flavour of her own cunt combined with the salty taste of his
    sperm seemed to work on the young mother like a potent aphrodisiac, and in
    no time at all, Cathy wanted him again!  In fact, she couldn't wait to feel
    her son's long, hard prick stretching her insatiable cunthole once more...
    reaming out her tight, wet pussy.... fucking her like she deserved. Cathy's
    mouth watered around the boy's hardening dick almost as much as her pussy
    was watering between her squirming thighs.

       "Mmmmmmmm, nice and hard for Mother," Cathy murmured, letting Bobby's
    cock slip momentarily from her mouth. She stared lovingly at her son's
    oversized organ for a moment and then stroked her fingers up and down the
    length of his velvety hardness, enjoying the feel of the boy's virile young
    prick as it throbbed sensuously in her hand.
       "Oh Jesus, Mom!", gasped Bobby, reaching for his mother. "Lie back and
    spread your legs. I want to fuck you again!"
    Cathy gave a long, low sigh and fell backwards onto the bed, her thighs
    falling wide open in shameless invitation.
       "Uhhnnnnhhhhhh," she grunted urgently. "Oh God, yes, baby, yes! I want
    you to fuck me again too! Ooooooh Jesus, Bobby, you make momma so damn hot!"
    Cathy lifted her legs in the air until her knees hovered over her shoulders,
    her curly-haired fuck-slit wide open and dripping in readiness for her son's
    huge cock.

       With speed borne of adolescent lust, Bobby clambered between his mother's
    lewdly spread thighs, and shuffled forward until the tip of his young
    prick pressed into the heated folds of her gooey twat. At the sudden
    delicious contact, Cathy whimpered loudly and made a grab for her son's
    cock, anxious to get the long, stiff pole as deep as possible inside
    her ravenous cunt. But before she could reach it, Bobby shoved his hips
    savagely forwards, and with one magnificent thrust, rammed his throbbing
    cock to the balls inside his mother's hot, juicy cunthole.

       "Oh God, Bobby!", screamed Cathy, gasping for air. "Unnghhhhhh! You're
    splitting me apart... Ummmmmmm, but I can take it, baby!  Oh, shit yeah,
    momma can take every fuckin' inch of your big, fat cock, son!"
    Her sopping pussy-hole stretched wide, deliciously accommodating the massive
    thickness of her son's prick with ease. His virile young prick seemed to get
    bigger and longer each time he fucked her. It filled her completely this
    time, stretching her tortured cunt to the limit. Bobby's cock was buried
    deep inside his mother's belly, so deep that Cathy could feel her son's
    helmet-shaped cockhead probing the very entrance of her womb.

       "Uuuuuhhh, Mom! Fuck, but you're tight!", grunted Bobby. "Mmmmm, I love
    fucking your cunt, Mom!  It's so hot and wet... and so fuckin' tight!!"
    The feeling of being totally crammed with her son's enormous prick was
    incredibly exciting to Cathy. But as much as she loved the sensation of his
    hard young cock, throbbing deeply within her tightly stretched cunt, Cathy
    was impatient to get the show on the road. She knew what it felt like to
    have her son's gorgeous cock sliding in and out of her cunt, making her
    quiver with orgasm after orgasm, and she wasn't about to waste precious
    time. She moaned and whimpered impatiently under Bobby's weight, gyrating
    her shapely hips upward, thrusting and grinding, inviting her son to pump
    his prick inside her cunt and give her the fucking she so desperately craved.

       "Fuck my cunt, Bobby" she hissed, locking her legs around her son's
    waist. "You know what Momma wants, baby! Fuck your mother, Bobby! Come
    on lover, fuck momma's hot, horny cunt!"
    Bobby wasted no more time either. As soon as he felt his mother's heels
    lodge firmly into the small of his back, he raised up on his arms and pulled
    his cock out of her cunt, drawing back until only the fat bulbous head
    remained inside. Then without warning, Bobby lunged forwards savagely,
    forcing the very breath from his mother's lungs with the force of the blow.
       "Uffffffffffff! Ohhhh! Unnnngggghhhhh!", grunted Cathy as her son's
    massive fuck-pole slammed into her cunt once more, spreading the pouting
    lips of her pussy to the bursting point around the meaty thickness of his
    invading cock.

       "Oh, Bobby! Uhhhhhh! It's so big, son! You've got such a big, fat prick!"
       "I know," gasped Bobby, withdrawing his cock from his mother's silky
    cunt for the second time. "... and I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you with
    it, Mom!.... So move that horny ass for me, you gorgeous hot-cunted bitch!"
    The first savage lunge to her cock-hungry cunt had felt so good, Cathy
    simply couldn't wait for her son's next powerful thrust. In frustration, she
    grabbed the firm cheeks of his young ass with both hands, and tried to force
    Bobby's cock back into her hungry cunt, excitedly bucking and grinding her
    blushing ass-cheeks up off the bed in wild, incestuous abandon.
       "Oh, fuck, I need your cock, honey! Ahhhhhh, shit! Just go ahead an stab
    it up my pussy! Pump me real hard, Bobby! You know I can take it! Fuck momma
    as hard as you can, lover!

       "Okay, you asked for it, Mom!", growled Bobby. "Get ready, 'cause I'm
    gonna ram this fucker right up to your tonsils, bitch!... Yeah, I'm gonna
    fuck the piss out of your hot, juicy cunt, Mom!"
       "Fuck my pussy deep, Bobby! Ram that monster all the way in!"
    With a deep cry of lust, Bobby pounded down hard into his mother's buttery
    cunt, slamming his cock to the hilt in her hairy, upthrust snatch. His whole
    body shuddered with pleasure as his cockhead slammed into the back of her
    cunt. He pulled out and instantly speared his prick-meat back up inside his
    mother pussy, this time sinking his cock even further up her quivering twat.

       Cathy's tits jiggled and slapped together lewdly and she began to hump
    her slim ass in a frenzy of incestuous lust, panting and gasping as she
    ground her throbbing pussy against the root of Bobby's stabbing prick.
       "Fuck your mother! Fuck your mother!" she begged, the words an obscene
    chant. "Ungggghhhhh! Harder you gorgeous little stud! Fuck me! Ooooooh yes,
    fuck momma real deep with your big, hard cock, baby!"
       "Unnhhh, fuck, Mom!... I am!", grunted Bobby, slamming his blood-engorged
     prick-shaft in and out of his mother's tight, juicy cunthole. The wet,
    swollen lips of her pussy clung to his cock, sucking and clasping his huge
    fucker each time he sank it deep into her quivering twat.

       With another load of jizz churning in his balls, Bobby fucked his horny
    mother faster and faster, making the motel bed springs squeak with the fury
    of their incestuous fucking.
       "Haaaaarder!"  Cathy bucked her ass up off the mattress, frantically
    fucking her well-hung son as fast as she could. "Uummmmmm, your prick is so
    big, Bobby! Unhh... ahhhh, feels so good up my pussy! Harder, baby, fuck my
    cunt as hard as you can!"
    Spurred on by her shameless request, Bobby did as his mom asked, increasing
    the tempo of his powerful cock-thrusts, fucking his beautiful mother as hard
    and as fast as he could. He bent his elbows, letting more of his weight down
    on top of her, crushing Cathy's big, stiff-nippled tits under his heaving
    chest.

       Bobby wiggled his hips from side to side with each thrust, causing Cathy
    to buck and writhe  sensuously beneath him. She jerked her hips high up off
    the bed, throwing her pussy up at her son's pounding cock like a bitch in
    heat. Bobby loved it!.... Lustfully, he gazed down at his mother's gooey wet
    fuckhole, enjoying the sight of his massively long, thick cock, slicing deep
    into the welcoming tightness of her hairy cunt. The more his mother squirmed
    and bucked under him, the harder Bobby fucked her, returning her wild,
    incestuous abandon with equal vigour. As Cathy's moans of pleasure became
    louder, Bobby thrust more strongly, moving his cock back and forth inside
    his mother's cunt with the power and rhythm of a piledriver. He gave her
    everything he had, panting into her shoulder as he fucked his gigantic
    prick relentlessly in and out of her hairy, wet pussy-slit. Cathy grimaced
    with pleasure as her son started to give her the fucking she so desperately
    craved. Her glove-tight pussy contracted wetly around Bobby's rock-hard
    cock as she humped up eagerly to meet her boy's jarring downward strokes.

       Locked into a savage, rhythmic coupling, mother and son were soon fucking
    each other like rutting animals, oblivious to everything except the intense,
    carnal pleasure of their forbidden union.
    "Ohhh Jesus, yessss!... Fuck me like that, baby!" pleaded Cathy, spreading
    her knees wide apart. "Oh shit, Bobby! Uhhhh, fuck my cunt and make me cum!"
    The horny young mother's pussy was becoming hotter and wetter with every
    jab of her son's prick. Her head rolled from side to side uncontrollably,
    her fingernails raked his back and her soft wet lips roamed his handsome
    face. The pleasure was so intense, Cathy sank her teeth into Bobby's
    shoulder to muffle the noise, and squealed in ecstasy as her son fucked
    her brutally towards another cunt-wrenching climax.

       Bobby hardly noticed the sharp pain in his shoulder, all he could feel
    right now was the incredibly tight grip of his mother's cunt on his raging
    prick, and the incredible sensations building in his groin.
       "Oh, Babe," he panted, his breath hot on the side of her face. "Mmmmm,
    oh yeah, move that cunt!....  Shit, you're a hot piece of ass, Mom!"
    Cathy grinned up at her son lewdly, squirming and panting as she slapped her
    twat up against Bobby's hard hairy groin.
       "Uhhhh, Jesus, forget the compliments, honey!", grunted Cathy. "Just
    concentrate on fucking me, son. Mmmmmm, yeahhhh! Shove that big cock in as
    deep as you can and fuck hard, Bobby, momma's nearly ready to come!"
    Her tongue sought out his once more and she kissed him wildly.

        Bobby began to slam his cock into his mother hard and fast, wanting to
    come at the same instant she did. Cathy sensed his need and lifted her legs
    high, draping them over her son's shoulders. At this angle, Bobby's cock
    pierced her cunt even deeper, causing Cathy to jerk her hips up and down at
    him feverishly, whimpering in sheer carnal delight as his thick, skewering
    prong slammed in and out of her gaping twat. Although her son's cock was
    ramming her upthrust cunt-mound like a piledriver, Cathy was desperate for
    deeper penetration. She became carried away by an overpowering, incestuous
    fuck-lust which could only be satisfied by her son's wonderfully long,
    hard cock. She wanted Bobby to hold her down and ravage her, to fuck her
    so hard she'd  remember it for the rest of her life!

       "Bobby! Help me, baby. Grab my legs and hold them apart!", gasped Cathy,
    removing her legs from his shoulders. She held onto her knees and opened
    her thighs. Bobby grasped her ankles and pulled his mother's legs apart,
    pushing back until her knees rested on the bed beside her shoulders.
    Cathy's cunt was wide open, her groin stretched to the limit, but it felt
    wonderful. Her son's cock felt ten times bigger, and Cathy thought she was
    going to burst as he rammed the huge fucker balls-deep into her deep,
    gaping snatch, again and again.
       "Oh, Bobby!", she squealed. "Oh fuck, Bobby!... Shit, that's good! Ummmm,
    yeah, ram it into me baby! Fuck momma just like that!"
    Bobby hunched his young hips with all his might, driving his mother's ass
    deep into the bed with every powerful thrust. Her juice-filled cunt was
    steaming, and with her legs wide open, the heady odour of hot pussy
    permeated the air.

       Cathy's slushy twat slurped obscenely each time her son plunged his cock
    into it, filling the room with the juicy wet sounds of heavy fucking. Bobby
    was fucking his mother almost brutally now, and with every savage thrust,
    his young prick seemed to pierce her wide-open cunt-slit even deeper. His
    big hairy balls smacked repeatedly against the puckered little rosebud of
    his mother's stretched anus, making an obscene slapping sound which
    reverberated loudly in the small room. Cathy was finally getting the fucking
    she had always wanted. Her ex-husband had never been into rough sex and
    although sex with him had always been enough to satisfy her, Cathy had often
    fantasized about sex with other men, brutal men who would fuck her hard and
    long, ramming her horny, wet cunt with their big hairy pricks till she
    passed out with pleasure. Now, to her utter delight, Cathy was getting just
    that! And the fact that it was her own handsome son Bobby, who was giving
    it to her, made it all the more exciting.!

       She squeezed Bobby's bunched ass-cheeks and pulled his cock into her
    boiling cunt, squealing and whimpering with incestuous passion as her
    strong young son fucked her relentlessly. His thick, ridged cockshaft rasped
    magnificently along the tender walls of her pussy, exciting her immensely,
    pushing and stretching the juicy, pink cuntflesh until Cathy thought she
    would faint from the incredible waves of shuddering ecstasy that raced
    unchecked through her quivering loins.
       "UHHHHH! YEAHHHH, BABY! SHOVE IT IN HARD! FUCK ME! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!",
    screamed Cathy, writhing beneath her son in mindless, wanton lust.

       Cathy was in seventh heaven as Bobby's talented cock pushed her closer
    and closer to the brink of a mind-blowing orgasm. Her throbbingly erect
    clit received stimulation by her son's every move. Each time he drove in or
    pulled out, the sensitive little bud dragged deliciously back and forth
    along the rough shaft of the boy's cock, sending tingles of erotic pleasure
    racing  up and down her spine. But what thrilled Cathy most was the way his
    hard pubic bone mashed her clit, exquisitely grinding the throbbing source
    of her pleasure each time his long prick drilled into her heaving belly.

       Bobby's eyes were slitted with hot, animal lust as he stared down at
    his mother. Her big tits wobbled and quivered and her wide-stretched pussy
    gripped his cock like a tight, wet fist, squeezing the life out of him. He
    pumped her harder, enjoying the guttural sounds of passion that escaped her
    full red lips.
       "You like that, don't you Mom?", he grunted, punctuating his question
    with bone-jarring cock-thrusts into her cunt. "Yeah, you like it hard and
    dirty, don't you bitch!"
       "Ohhhhhhhh, God, yesssssss!", sobbed Cathy opening her eyes and staring
    up at her leering son. "I need your big, hard cock so bad, baby!"
    Her beautiful face seemed contorted in agony, but Bobby knew that even if
    his vigorous thrusts were causing her some pain, his mother didn't care,
    she loved it.

       "Look at my cock fucking your pussy, Mom!", growled Bobby, lifting his
    mother's head up with one hand. Cathy stared between her legs with glazed
    eyes as she watched her son's huge glistening erection pistoning up and
    down in her cunt, the thick, blue-veined shaft slicing through the hairy
    lips of her pussy like a hot knife through butter. Bobby saw the look on
    his mother's face and smiled lewdly.
       "Yeah, that's it, watch me fuck you, Mom!", he gasped. "Watch my cock
    fucking your hot, hairy cunt, you sexy bitch! It'll make you cream!"
    As Cathy stared at their meshed genitals, she knew Bobby was right. It
    really did turn her on in an outrageous way to see herself being fucked by
    Bobby's incredibly large prick.

       Cathy threw her pussy up at him, moaning and whimpering unintelligibly as
    she watched his cock slam into her drooling twat. Her copious pussy-juices
    were whipped to a foam by the force and speed of her son's energetic
    fucking, and the frothy cream spilled from her ravaged cunt in torrents,
    coating his balls and matting her hairy cuntlips in a lather of incestuous
    lust. Cathy writhed in wanton ecstasy beneath her son, her eyes fixed on his
    glistening cock. She thrust her hips up urgently to meet his every lunge,
    watching intently as the boy's gigantic cock slid solidly in and out of her
    wetly gaping slit as fast as he could.
       !Harder, harder, harder!", Cathy cried. Grimacing, she tossed her head
    wildly from side to side. "Fuck your mother, Bobby! Fuck that big prick all
    the way in! Unhh...unhhh... unhhh... oh, fuck! Oh shit, keep banging me
    Bobby! Make me cum! Oh, Jesus, fuck the piss out of my hot fuckin' cunt!"

        Relentlessly, Bobby pounded her spread, hairy snatch as hard and as
    deep as he could. By now, he was almost oblivious to his mother's pleasure,
    thinking only of the painful stiffness in his blood-engorged cock. His giant
    fuck-tool was almost a blur as he slammed it in and out of Cathy's gushing,
    pouty-lipped cunt. He didn't even notice the squeals of pleasure that
    erupted from his mother's pretty mouth each he stroked his cock to the
    hilt in her pussy, or the hiss of delight she made when he pulled it out
    again, dragging the shaft along her protruding clit. Cathy clawed her son's
    shoulders and back in a frenzy of desire, fucking her hung child as hard as
    she could.
       "Yeah, you big bastard," she babbled. "Fuck me! Fuck Mommy's hot cunt!
    Ungghhhh! Oh Christ, I'm cumming! Oh, fuck, I love it! Jesus, Bobby! Oh,
    fuck! Oh, shit! Mommy's cumming, baby, ahhhhhhhhhhhh, cuuuummmmiingggg!"

       Bobby was still striving for his own climax even as his mother's cunt
    erupted in violent orgasm. And he continued drilling his stone-hard
    fuck-pole deep up inside her pussy even as he felt it spasm tightly around
    him, spewing cunt-juice all over his hammering cock. Cathy screamed.
    "OHHHHHHH, FUCK! OOOOOOHHH, JESUS! WHAHHHHHHH! UNNNNGHHHHH! AHHHHHHHHHGGGH!"
    Bobby hoped the walls were sound-proof, because in the small room, his
    mother's cries were deafening. She wailed like a banshee, jerking and
    thrashing about in mindless abandon as she came. Bobby
    held firmly onto his mother's legs and fucked her wildly, guiding her
    through the exquisite peaks of one shuddering orgasm after another.
       "Yeahhhh! Cum for me, Mom!" he growled, fucking into his mother's
    juice-slick cunt with jackhammer force. "Cum hard, you horny fuckin' cunt!
    Uhhhh, shit, cum on my cock, bitch! Cum on my big, fat mother-fucking cock!"

       Bobby's face was red with lust, his eyes glowing. His nostrils flared,
    and he groaned obscenely, grunting as he pistoned his big throbbing prick
    faster and faster into his mother's squishy cunt. Cathy's cunt convulsed
    wildly around her son's hammering prick, gripping and squeezing his
    wrist-thick shaft like a milking machine. To bobby, it felt like his
    mother's spasming cunt was trying to suck the cum right out of his balls.
    Just feeling that fantastic pressure around his cock and watching his sexy
    young mother writhing under him in the throes of a cunt-wrenching climax was
    all it took to set Bobby off. He cried out and shuddered above her, slamming
    his jerking cock deep up inside his mother's pussy, as jet after jet of hot,
    sticky jism erupted from the end of his prick.

       "AHHHHHHHHHHH! FUCK, MOM! YOU GORGEOUS CUNT! I'M CUMMING, BITCH! I'M
    FUCKIN' CUMMMMINNNGGGGGG! UHHHHHHH! UHHHHHHHHH! AHHHHHGGGGGGHHHH!
       Cathy squealed and came again as she felt her ravaged cunt being flooded
    with her son's scalding-hot load. It felt as if she had a fire extinguisher
    spraying a blast of foam into the inferno of her fuck-hole, where the oily
    fire raged out of control. She rode his cock in a rapture, her clit and cunt
    climaxing constantly. Her head flew from side to side and her big tits
    bounced like mounds of jelly as her son emptied his lust-swollen balls deep
    into her cunt. Her ass slid back and forth on the bed as her fuckhole filled
    with jizz.

       Bobby moaned as the last of his teenaged spunk splashed into his
    mother's cunt and his nuts stopped surging. He was drained. He slumped
    forwards over her panting body and rested his head on her big tits, his
    chest heaving, his eyes glazed. His greedy mother continued to move her
    cunt up and down on his half-hard cock for a few minutes, whimpering and
    trembling as she fucked herself through the final sweet spasms of her
    blissful orgasm, slowing the pace as her climax ebbed, then ended. She
    screwed forwards deliberately, holding her groin pushed upward so that she
    was massaging her clit against her son's slimy shaft, working out the last
    tingling thrill. The waves of her orgasm gently diminished. It was the
    wildest, most satisfying sex Cathy had ever had.

       Her son's cock was still stuck up her pussy as Cathy lifted her head up
    kissed him lovingly on the lips. They embraced tenderly, panting in the
    aftermath of their wild, incestuous fucking.
       "Oh, Jesus!", said Bobby finally. "You're a terrific fuck, Mom!"
       "Oooooh, Bobby! So are you!", replied Cathy, stroking her son's flushed
    cheeks "I've never come so much before in my whole damn life."
       "Me to, Mom!"
    Bobby's cock was at long last beginning to diminish in his mother's
    cunthole. To her disappointment, the boy's hard meat was softening, turning
    rubbery inside her pussy. Then it began to shrink and slowly slipped out.
    Cathy hunched upwards in an idiotic attempt to keep her son's limp cock
    inside her cunt for a few moments longer, but inevitably the slimy stalk
    slid out until only his cock-knob was lodged inside her well-fucked
    pussy-slit.

       It stayed there momentarily, only to pop out seconds later with a juicy
    slurp, followed immediately by a lavish flood of their combined cum-cream.
    Bobby rolled onto his side and let his prick fall limply along his hard,
    trembling thigh. Cathy stared at it, a contented smile on her pretty face.
    Even limp, her son's big prick was still a formidable size. 'God, what a
    cock,' she thought, reaching out and curling her fingers around the soft,
    sticky organ. 'Ummmm mmmmm, and it's mine.... all mine.'
    Cathy left her moist thighs wide open, enjoying the wickedly delicious
    thrill of letting her young son ogle her gooey snatch. She parted her legs
    further, excited by the look of adolescent lust on his handsome young face.
       "Look what you did to Mommy's cunt, you naughty boy.", she giggled. "Have
    you ever seen such a well-fucked pussy before, Bobby?"

       Bobby shook his head. He had to admit that he hadn't. Her lush, curly
    pubic hair was matted and covered with cunt oil and sperm, and the swollen
    lips of her pussy hung lewdly open, allowing Bobby to see right up inside
    his mother's cunthole, right into the dark hole where his hard cock had
    been only moments before. The incredibly wanton sight didn't disgust the
    boy at all, in fact, quite the opposite. At that moment, Bobby thought his
    mother's cunt looked absolutely wonderful.
       "Oh, Mom!", he sighed. "Your cunt is so pretty... so pink and wet and
    juicy!"
       Cathy looked down at her pussy-slit. It still yawned wide open, and as
    they both watched, she contracted the muscles of her cunt and squeezed out
    a great glob of their mingled slime. It oozed obscenely out from between
    her gaping cuntlips and dribbled down over her crinkled asshole, staining
    the sheet. Cathy looked up with a grin on her face and saw Bobby gasping
    and drooling at the sight. Looking at his mother's gaping, oozing cunt was
    turning the youngster on again.

       "Jesus, Mom!", murmured Bobby, staring wide-eyed. "Looking at your juicy
    cunt is making me hot again!"
       "Mmmmm! I can tell, baby", replied Cathy. She pulled open the puffy lips
    of her pussy with both hands, giving her son a better view of the cunt he
    had just fucked so magnificently.
       "Uuuhhhh, doesn't it look good enough to eat, Bobby!", his mother purred,
    dipping her fingers into her snatch and smearing the oily juices all over
    her hairy, swollen cuntlips. Bobby crouched between his mother's legs for
    a better view.
       "Oh, fuck yeahhhhh!", he moaned, sniffing the gamey smell of sex that
    wafted up from his mother's gooey twat. "It looks downright tasty, Mom!"
    Bobby held his mother's thighs wide apart and stared at her hairy pussy.
    Even coated with cunt-cream and his own jizz, it was still a mouth-watering
    prospect.

       "Then why don't you lick it?", suggested Cathy. "Get your hot mouth
    down there and suck mommy's cunt, honey. Lick my poor pussy clean."
    Bobby let out a growl of undisguised lust and thrust his face into his
    mother's juice-filled cunt, tossing his head from side to side as his tongue
    slid up her well-lubricated fuck-hole.
       "Ohhhh, yeahhhh! Eat me, Bobby!", squealed his mother. "Shove that
    gorgeous tongue right up my fuckhole and eat your mommy's cunt! Ahhhhhhh,
    yeah! Suck out your own spunk, you horny little fucker! Suck it all out!"
    The prospect of swallowing his own cum didn't even enter young Bobby's mind.
    He was too busy savouring the taste of his mother's creamy cunt. But to
    Cathy, having her son eat out her pussy right after he had shot a load of
    hot incestuous sperm into it, was the most mind-blowing turnon.


                                  Chapter 5

       "Ooooooh, Bobby! You're so nice and hard again, baby!", sighed Cathy,
    reaching for his cock. ".... so long and thick and hard. Mmmmmmm, I think it
    needs a little more motherly love, don't you, son?"
       "You bet!" said Bobby, eager for more hot sex with his beautiful mother.
    "Where do you want this thing, up your cunt or down your throat, Mom?"
    Cathy looked up at her horny young son with eyes that made the boy's bloated
    cock twitch involuntarily in her busy fingers.
       "Mmmmmmmm, why can't we try both, baby?" Cathy grinned suggestively. "You
    can fuck me for a while, and when you're about to cum, I'll suck you off the
    rest of the way with my mouth. How does that sound?"
    Bobby nodded his head vigourously, excited by his mother's wanton proposal.
       "Wild, Mom!"
       "Uuuuhh, yeah, honey! I bet your prick is really delicious, after it's
    been up my cunt," she purred. "Cunt-cum is yummy.... especially on a nice
    big, hard cock!"

       Cathy spread her legs as her son scrambled quickly between her long,
    slender thighs. His cock jutted out from his crotch like a large steel
    spike, swaying rigidly from side to side as he got into position on top
    of her. He braced the weight of his torso on outstretched arms, and without
    any preliminaries whatsoever, he plunged his mighty organ into his mother's
    gaping cuntslit with one powerful stroke. Cathy gave out a satisfied groan
    of pleasure at the sudden, deep penetration and dropped her eyes down to
    watch Bobby's oversized boy-cock enter her cum-drenched cunt one more time.
       "Ungghh! Oh, Jesus!", she gasped, hunching up to meet his savage thrusts.
    Bobby reamed his mother's upthrust cunt with hard vicious strokes, strokes
    that knocked the very breath from her body as his huge cock tore into her
    juicy, red quim. But Cathy didn't care, she loved his impatient, adolescent
    roughness, and she knew that no matter how many times her virile young son
    fucked her tonight, she would want more. She knew also that no matter now
    times he came tonight, at his age Bobby would recover quickly. Her handsome,
    horny teenaged son would be able to give her all the hot, hard fucking she
    could ever want.

    "Unhh! Uuunnh! Uhhhh! Oh, Bobby, love your prick.... love your big, fat,
    gorgeous, young prick, baby!"
    It was the middle of the next morning, and Cathy was still naked. Bright
    sunlight streamed into the room through half-closed blinds, illuminating her
    nude torso in bands of light and dark as she rocked back and forth on the
    bed. She was on hands and knees, with the now familiar length of her son's
    prick jammed up her cunt from the rear. Bobby had his mother firmly by the
    hips, and was pumping his cock into her hairy pussy with the strength of a
    young bull. Last night they had fucked and sucked each other until
    exhaustion overtook them, and in the early hours of the morning, after a
    particularly long, slow sensuous fuck, mother and son finally collapsed in a
    tangled heap of arms and legs on the bed.

       In the morning, Bobby had woken pleasantly to find his mother's mouth
    around his cock. She sucked him greedily until he depositing a load of hot,
    creamy sperm down her throat. Cathy had gulped it all down, sucking her son
    dry. Bobby instantly returned the favour, licking and sucking his writhing
    mother to a series of incredible orgasms as he breakfasted hungrily on her
    juicy pussy-slit. Then, with his young cock at full strength again, Bobby
    had turned his mother onto her stomach, raised her ass in the air and jammed
    his cock deep into her cunt, fucking her doggie style. They were right in
    the middle of a satisfying soulfuck when a sudden knock sounded at the door.
       "Ah, Shit!", cursed Bobby pulling his cock reluctantly out of his
    mother's steamy tightness. "Who the fuck is that?"

       "You'd better answer it, Bobby," whispered Cathy, jumping quickly
    underneath the covers. "... or they might get suspicious."
    The knock sounded again, louder this time. Bobby quickly pulled on some
    clothes, ignoring the obvious bulge his still-hard cock created in his
    tight shorts. He went to the window and peeked carefully through the blinds.
    As he did so, there was the rattle of a key in the lock.
       "Shit, Mom! It looks like a maid!", whispered Bobby. "....and she's using
    a pass key!"

       Before either of them could react, the door opened and the girl entered.
    She was about fourteen or fifteen, long blonde hair, blue eyes, and very,
    very cute. Bobby's eyes automatically travelled down over her body. For some
    reason, the girl looked too young to be dressed in the short, tight maid's
    uniform she was wearing. She carried a pile of fresh linen in one hand and
    a newspaper in the other, and gasped with alarm when she saw that the room
    she had thought empty, was in fact occupied.
       "Ahhh... Ohh! I... I'm sorry," stammered the girl, staring at Bobby. The
    boy's bare chest and the bulge in his crotch didn't make it any easier for
    the startled girl. "I thought this room was empty. I... ummm.... really am
    terribly sorry."

       Then she saw Cathy, and a strange look came into her eyes. She looked
    down at the newspaper she was carrying and then quickly back at Cathy, a
    look of fear growing rapidly on her pretty young face. Bobby took the
    paper from the girl's trembling hands and looked at the front page
    recognizing the picture of his mother immediately. Above it the headlines
    read 'DARING ESCAPE FROM STATE WOMEN'S PRISON! FEMALE ESCAPEE AT LARGE!'.
    The girl tried to run but Bobby was too quick for her.
       "Where do you think you're going, sweetheart?", he growled, grabbing
    her by the arm. The girl tried to scream but Bobby put a hand over her
    mouth and dragged her away from the door, kicking it shut behind him.
    Bobby held the wriggling girl close to him, his hand firmly clamped over
    her mouth.

       "Jesus, Mom!", he breathed. "What the fuck are we gonna do now! This
    little cunt recognized your picture!"
    He threw the paper on the bed and grabbed the girl around the waist,
    trying to keep her still. Her firm, rounded young ass pressed into Bobby's
    hard crotch, and despite the desperate situation, his cock lurched to
    attention once more. The girl felt it press into her ass through their
    clothes and stopped squirming immediately, too frightened to move.
       "Don't panic!", hissed Cathy, tossing off the bedclothes.
    The girl's eyes followed Cathy's naked body across the room, with more than
    a passing interest, but neither of the two fugitives noticed.

       Cathy pulled on her panties and skirt and put on a clean blouse from her
    bag. She snatched the room key from the side table and headed towards the
    door.
       "Tie her up and gag her good!", she said, hoarsly. "I'm gonna find us
    some new transport"
       "Why?"
       "This is why, honey!"
    Cathy showed her son the front page again, pointing to the description of
    a car seen near the prison road. Bobby cursed loudly as he read the license
    plate number.
       "Fuck! What are we gonna do, Mom!"
       "Just do like I told you, son!", said his mother. "Tie this little minx
    up and gag her so she can't make a sound, okay?"

       "Okay, Mom! What are you gonna do?"
       "Like I said, baby, I'm gonna look for some inconspicuous transport out
    of here. You just make sure that little miss nosey-parker here doesn't get
    away. Tie her up in the bathroom in case somebody comes looking for her. I
    don't know how long it'll take to find something that the cops won't look
    twice at."
       "Be careful!", said Bobby, as his mother touched her lips to his.
    The strangely sensuous kiss was not lost on the maid, who was close enough
    to notice the woman's tongue flick momentarily into her son's mouth. But
    the frightened girl had little time to contemplate the meaning of the
    exchange before Bobby dragged her off into the small bathroom.

       He found some cellophane tape and gagged her mouth with it, using the
    cord from a bathrobe to tie the girl's hands behind her back. She cowered
    in the corner of the shower stall, a look of fear on her pretty young face.
       "Don't worry, gorgeous, I ain't gonna hurt ya," smiled Bobby, his eyes
    taking in the young girl's voluptuous figure. Her tits were small and
    conical, but with her hands tied behind her back, the hard little mounds
    thrust out provocatively against the thin fabric of her blouse.
       "Jesus Christ!", breathed Bobby, letting his eyes wander down over the
    girl's luscious young body. Her skirt was hiked up almost to her waist,
    giving him a good view of her plump, panty-encased little crotch. He licked
    his lips and stared at her lithe, sexy young body with mounting desire.

       "Ummm... mmmm! Baby, I'd never forgive myself if I passed up a chance
    like this!", murmured Bobby. He stepped into the shower recess, his tall,
    muscular young body towering over the crouching girl. To Bobby, it was all
    quite straightforward. This gorgeous young thing had interrupted while he
    was fucking his mother, leaving him with a need that was completely
    unsatisfied. And now, with her long, slim legs and soft, pointed tits, she
    herself had become the sole object of his unfulfilled lust. Bobby pulled the
    cringing little girl to her feet, letting his hands roam over her helpless
    body. He squeezed her tits and stroked her tight little ass through her
    panties, enjoying the sensuous heat radiating from her firm young body.

       He soon tired of this and unbuttoned the top of her uniform, pulling the
    girl's tiny lace bra up over her budding breasts. She had nice, hard little
    tits. Nowhere near as big as his mother's, but much firmer... a perfect
    mouthful. The girl squirmed away from his touch, but not as rapidly as Bobby
    had expected. He caressed her nipples and kissed her neck, pleasantly
    surprised at the moan of pleasure that escaped her gagged lips.
    "Mmmmm, you like that, don't you, baby?", he whispered into the girl's ear.
    She smelled fantastically of soap and perfume and hair shampoo, a clean,
    wholesome, little-girl smell that made Bobby's cock twitch with fuck-lust.
    She nodded her head and murmured something that he couldn't understand, so
    Bobby dropped a hand between her skinny little legs and felt for her cunt.

       The girl made no attempt to stop him, and if Bobby hadn't known better he
    would have sworn the little slut even opened her legs a little to admit his
    hand. Her little cuntmound was hot and hard, and throbbed sexily against his
    open palm. He felt moisture on his fingers and probed deeper, rubbing the
    girl's hot, wet cuntslit through the sheer, silky fabric of her panties.
       "Mmmmmmmmfffhhhh! Ummmmmmm! Mmuuuuuhhhhhhggghhh!"
    Bobby looked into her deep blue eyes and saw a hunger almost as intense as
    his own. He took off his shorts and stood naked before her, his hard cock
    throbbing powerfully out from his crotch. The look in on her face when his
    huge prick sprang into view told Bobby all he needed to know.

       He took the gag from her mouth and covered her mouth with his, kissing
    the gasping little girl passionately. As he had suspected, she returned his
    kiss avidly, sucking his tongue into her hot little mouth just as he
    sucked hers. His cock pressed into her cunt, separated only by the rapidly
    moistening crotch of the young girl's panties. He felt her squirm up against
    him, rubbing her sexy little body against his hard, muscular chest. When the
    tip of Bobby's cock nudged her panty-covered cuntslit, the hot little girl
    pulled her lips from his and gasped breathlessly into his open mouth.
    "Mmmmmmm, take them off! Ooooooh, please, take my panties off!"
    Bobby dropped to his knees in front of the bound girl and curled his
    fingertips under the waistband of her tight little panties. As he dragged
    the flimsy garment down over her slender thighs, he noticed with surprise
    that the crotch of her panties was completely soaked.

       He threw her saturated panties into the corner and stared for a moment at
    the girl's naked cunt. It was almost hairless, only a few small strands of
    light pubic hair were visible on the surprisingly large and juicy lips of
    her pouting cuntslit. Bobby groaned at the gorgeous sight, his cock
    throbbing wildly with eager fuck-lust.
       "Shit, how old are you, kid?", he gasped.
       "Thirteen", the girl murmured, staring down at Bobby through lust-glazed
    eyes. "... but I'm old enough to fuck."
       "Jesus fucking Christ, I just bet you are, baby!", grinned Bobby,
    nuzzling his face between her thighs. "But I wanna taste your hot, juicy
    little cunt before I fuck it, okay?"
       "Ummmmmmm, yessss!", groaned the girl, spreading her slim young legs as
    wide apart as she could, seemingly unconcerned that her hands were still
    tied behind her back. "Lick my pussy, mister! Ooooooh, I just love having my
    pussy licked!"

       "God, you're really hot for it, aren't you, kid?" moaned Bobby, inhaling
    the sweet scent of the girl's succulent, hairless little cunt. "Mmmmmmmmmm!
    You're wonderful, baby!  Such a beautiful little pussy... such a soft,
    smooth, juicy little cunt!"
    The girl gasped as Bobby's tongue slithered between the tight lips of her
    slit and darted deep into her cunt. She hunched her hips and arched tightly
    onto his face, twisting frantically as his tongue fucked in and out,
    swirling about her small clit, only to dip down and lap at the dripping
    pussy-juices again.
       "Ahhhhhhh, lick it, lick it! Oooooooh, suck my cunt! Suck me off!",
    whimpered the aroused little girl, urging Bobby to do delicious, depraved
    things to her overheated little body.

       She lifted one skinny leg and draped it over Bobby's shoulder, giving the
    boy better access to her squirming, pink-lipped cunt, all the while
    squeezing her hot thighs against his face. Bobby gasped and stabbed deeper,
    his stiffened tongue wallowing in the youngster's wet, deliciously tight
    cunt. Her pubescent pussy juices tasted like candy to him, and Bobby slurped
    the tangy nectar deep into his mouth, swallowing hungrily.
       "Mmmmmmmmmmm, I bet you have a big old cock now, huh mister?", the girl
    whined. "I bet sucking my pussy makes your cock so big and hard! Oooooh, I
    wish I could suck on it while you lick my cunt!"
    The girl's wanton suggestion was so inviting, Bobby almost let her have her
    wish, but her hairless little cunt tasted so good, he just kept on licking.

       Bobby's hands were all over her body, caressing every inch of the girl's
    damp, satiny flesh. Occasionally he reached up and fondled her tiny breasts.
    With her hands tied behind her back, the child's budding tits were thrust
    sexily forward making them seem a lot bigger than they really were. Bobby
    didn't care, they felt fantastic! He rubbed her little nipples, feeling them
    respond instantly under his sweaty palms.
    "Ooooohhhh, shit, make me come... Jesus, I wanna come!", squealed the hot
    little girl. "Uhhhhh, yeahhhh! Come in your mouth.... in your face! Oh, God,
    suck me... fuck me... uuuuhh, cock.... cunt! Ooooooooooooh, fuuuuuuucckkkk!"
    Bobby listened to the child's obscene chanting with rising excitement. By
    the way she was humping his face and squealing, he knew that the sexy young
    thirteen-year-old was very close to cumming.

       Bobby clutched the twisting cheeks of her hot little ass and pressed his
    whole face into her wet, fragrant snatch. Then, covering the girl's tiny
    cuntmound with his open mouth, Bobby dug his fingers into her skinny ass and
    sucked her little pussy hard. She squealed and thrashed about, making one
    hell of a noise in the tiny cubicle. After a few hard sucks, Bobby fucked
    his tongue deep into her cunt a couple of times and sucked on her clit.
    Within seconds, the child's hips jerked, and she began to grind in a frenzy
    at his mouth, coming hard and hot. Bobby kept up the relentless thrusting of
    his tongue as she came, wanting to taste her cunt and sweet pussy juice for
    as long as he could.

       When the girl's orgasm was over, Bobby stood up and crushed his lips
    against hers. He was at least a foot taller, and had to bend down to kiss
    her properly. The child's hot little tongue darted quickly into his mouth,
    causing Bobby to moan loudly with rising lust. He kissed her passionately
    for several long seconds before reaching for her out-thrust titties. Bobby
    cupped the small, conical mounds with both hands, then lowered his mouth and
    sucked first one pink nipple, then the other. The girl whimpered and writhed
    against him, frustrated by the fact that her hands were still tied behind
    back.
       "Ohhh, please untie me!", she begged, showering his cheeks with hot
    little kisses. "It'll be so much better if I can use my hands, I promise!"
    Bobby looked down at the sexy little blonde and smiled. He knew she wouldn't
    try to escape, not now. He made her turn around and loosened the cord around
    her wrists. When her hands were free, the girl attempted to turn around
    and face him, but Bobby grabbed her shoulders and pressed her up against
    the tiled wall.

       He reached between her legs from behind and thrust a finger up her tight,
    wet little cunt. The girl moaned and squirmed hotly against Bobby's impaling
    finger, grinding her skinny little hips back against his hand in shameless,
    adolescent lust.
       "Do you want me to fuck you now, little girl?", Bobby asked, wiggling his
    middle finger deep up inside her tiny snatch. She was so damn tight!
       "Uuuuuuhhhh, yes!", she gasped. "I want your cock! I want your big cock
    up my pussy, fucking my cunt!"
       "Reach back and grab it, honey!", Bobby ordered releasing her arms.
    The young girl, gasped as her fingers wrapped around his huge, erect cock.
       "Oh, God! Jesus, it's big!"
       "I know," breathed Bobby. "and you're so small, so very small and tight!"

       "I can take it!", groaned the girl, fucking her cunt onto his finger as
    if to prove it. "I can take your big cock! Uhhhhh, I wanna fuck your big,
    fat cock so much! Fuck my cunt! You can come in me if you want! Just fuck
    me..... ohhh, please fuck meeeee!"
       "Ohhhhh, don't worry, baby!", grinned Bobby. "I'll fuck you alright!"
    He removed his finger from her cunt and turned her towards the other wall.
       "Grab hold of the towel rack and bend over, honey!", said Bobby, opening
    her cuntlips with his fingers. "I'm gonna fuck you from behind!"
    Eagerly, the girl did as she was told, bending over and spreading her legs
    wide. Bobby bent his knees and placed the the head of his cock against the
    girl's moist, narrow slit, pushing gently.

       He watched her little pink cunt stretch as the head of his prick
    slipped past the tight, wet cuntlips. The girl bit her lower lip and held
    her breath as she felt Bobby's massively large organ push up inside her,
    stretching her little cunt like it had never been stretched before.
    Fascinated to see the child's tiny pussy swallow his massive cock,
    Bobby stood upright, holding her firm little ass in his big hands.
    The girl moved slowly, sliding her cunt onto Bobby's cock, gasping as more
    and more of it filled her. She reached back and used her fingers to open her
    cunt wider, but it was already as open as it would ever be. She sighed when
    she felt Bobby's wiry crotch-hairs tickle the lips of her hairless cunt, and
    wiggled her ass. His thick cock was deep inside her cunt, and she felt
    full, very, very full.

       "Oooooooh, shit! You're so big in me!", she cried with delight. "Is it
    all the way in yet?"
       "Oh, yeah, baby!", replied Bobby giving her a hard shove to prove his
    point. "It's all in there alright... every fucking inch, sweetheart!"
       "Good! Now fuck me!", she groaned. "Fuck me and make me come!"
    Gripping the girl's firm young ass, Bobby began to pump, fucking her
    cunt with slow, even strokes. The tightness of her compact, little pussy
    was very exciting, as was the sight of it gripping his cock. Bobby gritted
    his teeth, feeling as if he were about to come now, not wanting to come,
    wanting to feel the child's sugary little cunt around his cock for as long
    as he could stand it. The girl on the other hand was thrashing her tiny ass
    about, grinding and squealing like a wildcat as he fucked her, her small
    titties so tight, there was no movement in them at all.

       Her blue eyes opened and closed as her blonde hair flew. Her ultra-tight
    cunt relaxed a bit and the lubrication provided by her copious juices
    meant that Bobby was soon fucking her hot little pussy deep and hard.
    "Uhhhh, God! Oh, fuck! Oh! Ohh! Ohhhh! Harder! Fuck me harder!", she
    screamed as she felt Bobby's balls slap heavily into her hairless crotch.
    Bobby rammed faster, fucking her relentlessly, unable to control himself
    now. He grunted loudly as he pounded back and forth, fucking his steel-hard
    cock deep into the grasping tightness of the little girl's cunt.
    In the enclosed space of the bathroom, Bobby didn't hear the front door of
    the motel room open.
       "Deeper!", the girl gurgled. "Fuck me deeper! Ram my cunt with your big,
    fat cock! Ummmmmm, yeah! Fuck the piss out of my pussy!"

       "Unnngghhh! Jesus! You hot, sexy little cunt!", gasped Bobby. "I can't
    help it! I'm gonna cum! Ahhhhhhhhhgggghhhh!"
    His cock squirted, sending hot spurts of jism deep into the girl's squirming
    cunt.
       "Ohhhh, yeah! Give it to me!", she screeched, her pussy convulsing about
    his throbbing prick. "Unnggghhhh, I'm cumming too! Ohhh, I love cock... love
    your big hard cock! Ummmmmmmm, come in my cunt and I'll suck you off and you
    can lick my pussy and.... ohhhhhh, I don't ever want to stop cumming!"
    Bobby slammed his prick into her hard, fucking the girl with such force that
    her whole body quivered with the power of his thrusts. They were both so
    engrossed in intense, mutual orgasm that neither of them heard the bathroom
    door open.

       "Jesus, Bobby! I said to watch her, not fuck the living daylights out of
    her!"
       Bobby spun around and saw his mother in the bathroom doorway. He expected
    her to be angry or jealous or something. But to his surprise, Cathy stood
    there with a faint smile on her face.
       "Sorry, Mom," he said, pulling his wilting cock from the girl's cunt. "I
    was so horny I couldn't help it!"
       "I can see why," Cathy observed, staring at the girl's naked body with
    appreciative eyes. "But we haven't got time for fun and games. Somebody is
    gonna miss her real soon. We've gotta get out of here right now."

       "Did you find us some wheels, Mom?"
       "Yeah, I think so. There's a van parked out front and I think the keys
    are in the ingition."
       "Alright!", said Bobby enthusiastically. "Lets hit the road!"
    Bobby started to put his clothes on, but his mother tapped him on the
    shoulder.
       "Aren't you forgetting something, son?", she smiled, pointing at the
    half-naked girl standing silently beside him.
       "Oh, yeah! What are we gonna do with her, Mom?"
       "Tie her up and leave her here, silly. She won't be able to tell the
    cops which way we went. Besides we'll be long gone before anyone finds
    her."

       The girl stepped forward and looked at them with big round eyes.
       "Take me with you, please!", she pleaded, grabbing Bobby's arm.
    He instinctively put his arm around her slender frame, holding her luscious
    young body close as the girl pressed against him.
       "Can we, Mom?", said, Bobby. "She won't be any trouble. I'll look after
    her."
    Cathy almost laughed. Her son sounded for all the world like he had just
    brought home a stray puppy he wanted to keep. She looked at the girl and
    saw something in her deep soulful eyes.
       "Shit, kid! What about your family?", asked Cathy. "They'll have the cops
    our tail for kidnapping if we let you tag along.!

       "My father runs this dump," explained the girl. "Well, he's my stepfather
    really, and ever since my mother died a year ago, he fired the maid and
    made me do all her work. Sometimes at night, after he's been drinking, he
    makes me suck off his crummy friends for money."
       "Jesus, what a creep!", said Cathy, stroking her back. "Does he make
        you fuck them too, honey?"
       "No, he keeps that little treat for himself," said the girl with more
    than a little contempt in her voice. "The old bastard's been getting into
    my pants since I was twelve!"
    Cathy looked at the expression on the girl's face and her cold heart melted.
       "What's your name, kid?"
       "Amanda, but I prefer Mandy.", replied the girl.
       "Okay, Mandy!", grinned Cathy. "You're now officially one of the gang."
       "So what are we waiting for?", grinned Bobby. "Let's get the fuck out of
    here!"


                                  Chapter 6

       Cathy grabbed her bag and carefully opened the motelroom door. She
looked
    about cautiously, before stepping outside. Bobby followed, pulling Mandy
    along behind him.
       "Wait, Mom!", he said as they stepped outside. "I've gotta get
something
    from the car, okay?"
       "Shit, Bobby, hurry up!", snapped his mother. "Somebody's bound to
have
    reported it already!"
       "Don't worry, I won't be long!"
    Bobby raced off towards the car, with Cathy and Mandy both watching him
    nervously. He opened the passenger side door and took something out of
the
    glove compartment, returning moments later with a big smile on his face.
       "What the hell are you so damn happy about?" asked his mother.
       "Oh, nothing!", replied Bobby, patting his back pocket. "Just a little
    insurance, Mom, that's all."

       The van that Cathy had spotted was still parked in front of the motel,
    but as they approached, it became obvious that it was no longer
unoccupied.
    The side door was open and a couple of kids were sitting in the back. One
    was a dark haired girl, about fourteen years old, the other a red-haired
    boy, about the same age as Bobby.
       "What are we gonna do now, Mom?", said Bobby under his breath. Mandy
    clung to the boy's side like leech.
       "I don't know, son. Let me think!"
    Cathy looked around anxiously for another likely source of transport, but
    wherever she looked, there were no other cars close by. Then, about two
    blocks away, she  suddenly spotted a police car heading in their
direction.
       "Jesus! It's the fuckin' cops!"

       For several seconds Bobby watched the patrol car cruise towards them,
his
    heart pumping blood to his throbbing temples. Then, with a burst of speed
    borne out of pure desperation, he made a split-second decision. Putting
one
    arm around Mandy, he grabbed his mother by the arm and dragged them both
    towards the open door of the van.
       "Hey! What the......" gasped the boy in the van as the trio scrambled
    inside. He didn't finish his sentence, because as soon as the door of
    the van slid shut behind them, Bobby produced the .38 he'd stuffed into
    his back pocket and shoved the muzzle of the pistol into the kid's face.
       "Shut the fuck up!", he growled, pressing the barrel against the
    side of the boy's head. "What's your name?"
       "Kevin", gasped the boy, staring hatefully at the three intruders.
       "Okay, Kevin! Just keep calm and nobody'll get hurt, alright?"

       The young girl opened her mouth as if to scream, but Bobby put his
hand
    over her mouth and pointed the gun at her.
       "That goes for you too, Sweetcheeks!", snarled Bobby. "One word and
I'll
    fuckin' blow both your brains out, okay?"
    The girl nodded, her eyes wide with fright.
       "What's your name, beautiful?", said Bobby removing his hand from the
    girl's mouth and placing it on her right tit. He fondled the firm,
succulent
    boob gently through her thin blouse.
       "D... Debby", stammered the pretty young brunette.
       "Well, Debby, if you and Kevin here want to survive this ride, you
gotta
    promise to be very, very quiet, and do exactly as I say, okay?"
       "Okay!", murmured Debby, flinching as the boy's fingers pinched her
hard
    little nipple.
       "Good!... Now, where's that cop car, Mom?", snapped Bobby, glancing
    suddenly at his mother. Cathy looked carefully out of the side window.

       "It just pulled into the motel carpark.... a cop is getting out....",
she
    continued. "He's looking in our car... Shit, Bobby, he's checking the
    fuckin' license plate.... Jesus, we gotta get out of here now!"
       "Are the keys in the ignition, Mom?", asked Bobby, keeping his eyes on
    the two frightened kids. Cathy peered over the front seat, but the keys
were
    gone.
       "No, I can't see 'em!"
       "Shit!"
    Bobby thrust the barrel of the pistol under Kevin's nose.
       "Where's the fuckin' keys, dipshit?", he demanded.
    The boy flinched, drawing back away from the gun as if it was a venomous
    snake about to strike.
       "I don't know!", he whined. "Honest!"
    Bobby pushed the tip of the barrel into the boy's left nostril, but once
    he saw the look of defiance in Kevin's eyes, he decided on a new
approach.

       "Okay, maybe your little girlfriend here will tell me," he growled,
    shoving the barrel between the girl's thighs. "How 'bout it, Debby? You
know
    where the keys are, Sweetheart?"
    Kevin reacted violently, trying to grab the gun from Bobby's hand, but
    Bobby had been expecting something like that. He moved swiftly, hitting
    the kid sharply across the side of the face.
       "Don't ever do that again, shithead!" he snarled, replacing the barrel
    of the gun back between the girl's thighs. "Or I'll give your little
    girlfriend here a blow job she'll never forget!"
    The boy nursed his swollen, bloodied cheek and glared venomously at his
    attacker.

       "She's not my girlfriend, creep, she's my sister!", snarled Kevin.
"And
    so help me, if you do anything to hurt her I'll kill you!"


       "Sister, huh?", said Bobby, staring at the pretty young girl. Debby
was
    hardly older than Mandy, but with much bigger tits. He jabbed the
gun-barrel
    suggestively against the girl's cuntmound, causing her to flinch as the
cold
    muzzle pressed into her hot flesh. "Mmmmmm, don't worry, Sweetcheeks!",
said
    Bobby lifting her skirt up and taking a good long look. "Hurting a
gorgeous
    little babe like you is the last thing on my mind right now... believe
me!"
    He glanced across at Mandy and was pleased to see a sexy smile on her
pretty
    young face, his mother on the other hand was not so pleased.
       "Christ, Bobby!... be careful with that damned thing!"
       "Chill out, Mom!", he hissed. "If we don't find the fuckin' keys and
get
    the fuck out of here soon, you're gonna be back inside before I can kiss
    your hot little pussy goodbye!"

       Mandy had guessed from the start that Bobby and Cathy were a little
more
    friendly than mother and son ought to be, but Kevin and Debby were
    absolutely flabbergasted to hear such blatant revelations.
       "You mean y... you have sex with your own mother?" gasped Kevin.
    His eyes were between his sister's parted thighs, where Bobby's gun was
    still pressed firmly against the girl's panty-covered cuntbulge.
       "Why don't you shut-up and tell me where the fuckin' keys are, before
    I give your baby sister a new cunthole, Hero!"
       "M...mom and Dad have 'em!", said Kevin nervously, staring at his
    little sister's exposed crotch. "They're at the bank."
       "Y.. yeah! Th... that's right," stammered Debby, trying to pull her
dress
     down. "Umm... they... um... said they wouldn't be long, because we've
gotta
    be up at the cabin before nightfall!"
       "What cabin?", demanded Bobby wiggling the end of the barrel into
Debby's
    moist crotch.
       "Our... our... m... mountain cabin!", she gasped. "We go there every
    summer."

       "Perfect!", said Bobby. "...a little hideaway in the hills. That'll
give
    us all a little more time to get acquainted, won't it!"
    He looked over at his mother and Mandy. "Mom, keep an eye out
    for anyone coming out of the bank... Mandy, you rip up that sheet and use
it
    to gag our little friends here. Tie their hands and legs too, honey!"

       "You won't get away with this...", protested Kevin. "... my Dad..."
       "Your Dad will do exactly like we tell him, smart-ass..." snarled
Bobby,
    pushing the boy roughly into the back of the van next to his sister
"...if
    he knows what's good for him."
    Two minutes later, Cathy saw a man and a woman emerge from the bank and
    look in the direction of the van.
       "This looks like them, Bobby!", she said, twisting towards her son.
    Bobby pointed the gun at the bound and gagged pair, scowling darkly.
       "Not a fuckin' sound, okay?", he threatened.
    Debby nodded energetically, her big brown eyes wide with fear. Her
brother
    on the other hand simply glared at their young captor with a look of
pure,
    frustrated hatred.

       Bobby ignored the boy and crouched down behind the driver's seat.
       "Everybody down!", he breathed. "...right down!"
    Mandy and Cathy huddled low beside him as Bobby peeked out of the window.
He
    saw the couple cross the street and head straight for them. The woman was
    a curvaceous redhead, about thirty-four or thirty-five, with long slender
    legs and a cute, firm little ass that immediately reminded him of his
sexy
    mother. She was wearing a tight pink blouse and even tighter matching
    shorts. So tight and short in fact, as to be almost indecent. And as
Bobby
    watched the woman walk towards them, he couldn't help but stare lustfully
at
    her stacked body.

       She had the figure and sexy good-looks most guys his age only ever saw
in
    the centrefold of a magazine, tall, a little skinny, perhaps, but on her,
it
    looked good... real good! Her ass was round and prominent, and wiggled
    sexily as she walked... so did her boobs. She had to be a 38-C, and her
tits
    looked as firm and as ripe as two big peaches. Bobby could see now where
    Debby got her figure from, the sexy little fourteen-year-old was a
smaller
    version of her beautiful mother.

       His gaze switched to the man walking beside her. He was dark-haired,
    and handsome, in his late thirties, and very well-built for his age.
Bobby
    looked at the man's rippling muscles and winced, hoping that he would
never
    have to face the man without his gun. He gripped the butt, firmly in his
    sweaty palm for reassurance.  As the couple approached the van, Bobby
ducked
    out of sight, his gun ready. The driver's door opened first, and the man
got
    in, turning as he did so toward the back.
       "Sorry we were so long, kids", he started to say. "But they...... "
       "Shut-up and nobody'll get hurt, okay!", growled Bobby, cutting him
off
    in mid-sentence. He thrust the gun viciously into the side of the man's
    neck. At the same time, the sexy redhead opened the passenger door and
slid
    in beside her husband, still blissfully unaware that anything was wrong.

       The big man tensed immediately, gasping as he felt Bobby's cold barrel
    press against his skin. He tried to look around, but Bobby grabbed the man's
    neck viciously with his other hand
       "Move and I'll blow your fuckin' brains out, Pops!", he snarled.
    The woman opened her mouth to scream, but Bobby silenced her with a
    withering look.
       "Now, both of you listen to me!" growled Bobby, waving the gun around for
    added effect. "Your kids are safe. They're tied up here in back. But, so
    help me, if either one of you screams or tries anything smart, I'll fuckin'
    shoot first and ask questions later... is that clear?"

       "Yes, perfectly!", said the man with surprising calm. Bobby looked at the
    pretty redhead and grinned.
       "That goes for you too, gorgeous!", he winked. The woman looked at him
    with fear, just like her daughter had done, but she remained silent.
       "If you want money, I can give you all we have," said the man, reaching
    for his wallet.
       "Don't bother, Pops!", sniggered Bobby. "...right now we just want out of
    here as quickly as possible, okay?"
       "Alright, we'll take you anywhere you want, just don't hurt anybody!"
       "You sure will, shithead!", Bobby grinned evily. "Now, put the keys into
    the ignition, and start the engine... act natural and don't try anything
    funny, okay!"
       "Okay, just keep calm."
       "Shut-up, Pops! Just start the fuckin' engine an pull out from the curb,
    nice and easy. You know, like we're all going on a nice little family drive,
    okay?"

        Dick Ellis knew exactly what to do. He had served three years as sheriff
    in a small mid-west town, until a pompous group of local officials decided
    that he no longer served their purpose. But, in that short time Dick had
    learned a lot, and he recognized immediately that the kid with the gun was
    dangerous, and he was going to do everything the boy demanded, just to keep
    his family safe. He glanced at his beautiful wife, Lisa, wishing he could
    hold her close and comfort her. She was scared, he knew... scared for
    herself, scared for the kids... and scared for him. He could see it in her
    eyes, but like the brave woman he knew she was, she said nothing, as always
    trusting him implicitly. Dick started the engine and pulled away from the
    curb as instructed, being careful not to draw attention to himself.  These
    people were desperate, and he wasn't going to take any chances with his
    family's safety.

       Bobby's brain ticked over like a well oiled piece of precision machinery.
    If the police had located their car, their next move would be to set up road
    blocks at strategic points, hoping that their prey had little local
    knowledge, but who was going to look for them up in the fuckin' mountains?
       "What's your name, Pops?", he asked.
       "Dick"
       "You know this area, Dick?"
       "Not really!"
   Bobby pressed the muzzle of the .38 into the man's neck once more.
       "Don't fuck with me, Dick!", snarled Bobby. "I know about the cabin! Your
    sexy little daughter told me. So how 'bout we all just head up there nice
    and easy like, okay?"

       Dick nodded and headed west out of town. They drove for about ten minutes
    before turning off the highway onto a dirt road. After about half an hour,
    Bobby became impatient and leaned over, yelling into Dick's ear.
       "How much further, Pops?", he asked.
       "About an hour, maybe two!", replied Dick, looking at Bobby in the
    rear-view mirror.
       "Jesus! What a fuckin' drag!", cursed Bobby, slumping dejectedly
    down beside his sleeping mother. On the other side of the van, Mandy was
    also asleep, curled up in the foetal position like a little baby, her cute,
    naked, little butt poking out provocatively from underneath her short skirt.

       Bobby's crotch bulged  as he remembered vividly their short but
    exquisitely satisfying session in the bathroom back at the motel. Mandy's
    little hairless pussy had felt so hot and tight around his prick, that
    he'd shot off in less than two minutes! Bobby smiled to himself and stared
    at Mandy's bare butt, wondering if the little sexy thirteen-year-old was big
    enough to take his prick up her asshole. 'Christ', he thought with a grin.
    'If she was tight in the cunt, imagine how much tighter her hot, buttery
    little shit-chute must be!'
    Bobby lay back and smiled, looking around the van like a king surveying his
    court. The gun in his hand made him feel like a king too. With it, he could
    do anything... have anything, whenever he wanted it... even sex. And lately
    Bobby seemed to want that all the time.

       He knew Mandy or his mother would put out for him any time he got
    the urge, and, when he tired of them, there was always Hero-boy's
big-titted
    little sister and her equally sexy mother, who might be persuaded to help
    a horny young fugitive in his hour of need. Bobby's cock lurched at the
    prospect of fucking his two female captives, the redheaded mother
    especially. She reminded him so much of his mother, tall, well built, and
    stunningly beautiful, but Bobby was certain of one thing... she would
look
    even more stunning if she was absolutely naked, with her juicy, redhaired
    pussy impaled securely on his throbbing cock.

       Bobby saw it clearly in his mind's eye. He'd make Debby watch, as he
    fucked her squealing mother to orgasm after orgasm, playing with the
girl's
    cunt and tits to get her nice and hot. After the sexy redhead's cunt had
    taken his first load, he'd get the daughter to suck him off, and dump
    his second load down her hot, sweet little gullet, Then, with a good deal
of
    the edge taken off his virile young cock, he could fuck them both for
hours
    and hours! And if Mandy or his mother wanted a little action at the same
    time, he'd be only too willing to accommodate them as well. Bobby gave a
    self-satisfied little sigh of pleasure and glanced about the van once
more,
    happy in the knowledge that no matter what happened in the next couple of
    days, the one thing he wouldn't run out of was pussy.

       The road became progressively bumpier, until finally Dick turned off
and
    went up an even narrower track. After about a mile or so, they came out
into
    a clearing and pulled up. It was almost dark, but Bobby could see the
    outline of a cabin to their left nestled in a secluded little glen. All
    around, the mountains rose up like huge, silent sentinels, protecting the
    cabin on three sides. It was perfect for their purposes, completely
    surrounded by tall pines, making it virtually invisible from the road.
       "Not bad, Pops! Not fuckin' bad at all!", remarked Bobby, pointing
    the gun at Dick. "Now, you and Red get out slowly and stand over there by
    the steps and don't move!"
    Dick and Lisa did as they were told and stood quietly, watching the boy's
    every move. Dick's police training told him not to try anything as long
as
    there was a chance of danger to anyone... especially his family.

       Bobby opened the side door and ushered Mandy and Cathy out.
       "Go inside and check the place out."
       "Okay son," replied his mother. "Coming Mandy?"
    The girl looked at Bobby. He smiled at her and nodded in the direction of
    the cabin. Mandy scooted up the steps at Cathy's heels, her short skirt
    lifting up to reveal a wonderful absence of panties.
    Standing where he was, Dick couldn't help but get a good look at the
girl's
    sweet, naked little rump as she scampered by. He swallowed hard, trying
not
    to stare, but he couldn't help himself. And, even as his cock stirred in
his
    pants, his conscience came crashing down on him like a ton of bricks.
Jesus,
    what the fuck was he doing! The little kid looked even younger than his
own
    daughter! How could a mere child's bare ass affect him like that?
Ashamed,
    Dick looked quickly away, but not before Bobby caught the exchange.

       "Not a bad piece of ass for a thirteen-year-old, huh Pops?", he
laughed,
    amused by Dick's obvious embarrassment. "Yeah... bet you'd love to try a
    little of that little cherry pie, wouldn't you, Pops?"
    Dick didn't answer. He turned away angrily, catching his wife's eye. She
    looked a little hurt. Lisa had seen the look on her husband's face as
well,
    and read it just as accurately as Bobby had. She loved Dick very much. He
    was a good provider, an excellent lover and above all a good father to
their
    children, but Lisa suddenly realized that she had just seen a side of her
    husband's nature that she had never seen before, and it disturbed her.
    Bobby smiled. 'Well, well well... Mister Cool has a weak spot for young
    pussy, huh?', he mused. 'Mmmmmmm, this could be interesting.'

       "Okay, Red," he barked. "Get back there and untie Hero and
    Sweetcheeks, and make it snappy! You can take their gags off too.
    Nobody's gonna hear a fuckin' thing way out here."
    Lisa nodded and did as she was told, watched carefully by Bobby. When
    she was done, Debby and Kevin joined their parents by the steps, rubbing
    painfully at sore wrists and cramped legs.
       "Good! Now, why don't you good people invite me into your cosy little
    home away from home, okay? You first, Pops!", said Bobby, nodding towards
    the open door. Bobby followed the Ellis family up the steps, noting with
    keen delight the way Debby's pert young bottom jiggled invitingly as she
    ascended the stairs ahead of him. Her mother's firm, ripe ass did the
same.
    'Shit, I'm in heaven!', thought Bobby, reaching out to cop a feel of
    Debby's tempting little butt.

       Her small, rounded asscheeks were incredibly warm and firm, just like
    Mandy's, and Bobby got an instant hard-on just touching them. The girl
    stiffened but kept on walking, not even turning her head. Emboldened by
    her lack of reaction, Bobby became more daring. He casually slipped a
finger
    up between the girl's slender thighs and pressed the exploring digit
against
    her hard little cuntmound. To his extreme pleasure Bobby found that she
was
    moist down there, very moist. He could feel the distinct outline of her
    young pussy-slit through the tightly stretched crotch of her panties. The
    hot, dewy little groove opened and closed against his fingertip as she
    walked gingerly up the steps.

        Debby made no move to stop him or even to cry out. She was too scared
at
    first, but then, as Bobby began to wiggle the tip of his finger into her
hot
    cuntslit, Debby began to like it. Unknown to her mother and father, Debby
    wasn't the sweet, innocent little virgin that they though she was. In
    fact, she had lost her virginity on her thirteenth birthday, and since
that
    day, she had been having regular sex with a succession of boyfriends. So
it
    wasn't surprising that Bobby's insistent finger ignited a familiar
burning
    deep down inside her voluptuous young loins.

       Bobby pulled his hand reluctantly out from between Debby's legs as
    they entered the cabin and gave the girl's cute ass a friendly little
pat.
    His mother reported that they had found no telephone, no guns or weapons
of
    any kind, and only one other exit. Bobby nodded his approval and motioned
    for their captives to sit down on the sofa. Mandy came up and stood
beside
    him, smiling from ear to ear.
       "This is a great place, Bobby, don't ya think?"
       "Sure is, baby," replied the boy, putting his arm around her slim
waist.
       "I bet old Dick here is loaded.... am I right, Pops?"
    Bobby dropped his hand and openly squeezed Mandy's tush. The little girl
    rubbed her self against him sensuously, enjoying the intimate contact
    even more, knowing that the family on the couch were watching her.
       "You know what, Mandy, honey?", he asked her.
       "No, Bobby. What?"
       "I think dear old Dickie here has the hots for you,"
    Bobby looked at the foursome on the couch with a devilish grin.

       "Huh?"
       "When you went up the steps before, I caught him looking up your
dress."
       "Really?", smiled Mandy, glancing at Dick.
       "Yeah. I think it gave the old bugger a hardon too"
    Bobby bent down and whispered something into Mandy's ear. At first she
shook
    her head but Bobby said something else to her and reluctantly the girl
    agreed. She went over and stood near the couch, in front of Dick.
       "Do you like looking under my dress?", she asked boldly, looking
directly
    into the man's eyes.  Dick glanced over at Bobby, staring at the boy with
a
    look of utter contempt on his ruggedly handsome face. Bobby had
embarrassed
    him in front of his wife and family once already, and Dick wasn't about
to
    give the hardened teenager a second chance.

       "Why don't you just leave us alone," he said evenly, trying
desperately
    to keep his temper. Mandy was swaying her hips in front of him now, and
    after seeing her naked little ass earlier, the presence of the pretty
young
    girl so tantalizingly close to him was most disconcerting.
       "Wouldn't you like to see more?", insisted Mandy, inching her skirt
    slowly up over her hips. "I'm not wearing any panties, you know."
       "He knows,", grinned Bobby, "he got a good look at you before
remember?"
       "Oh, yeah, I forgot," said Mandy, raising the hem of her skirt even
    higher. "Well, maybe he'd like a closer look."

       Mandy lifted her dress to her navel and shoved her naked cunt into
    Dick's flushed face. The man couldn't move. His instincts told him he
should
    pull back, but his eyes were glued to Mandy's hairless little cuntslit,
    scant inches from his face. His mouth dropped open, and despite his
strict
    family upbringing, Dick knew that if his wife and kids had not been
sitting
    right there beside him, he would have willingly pressed his mouth over
    the child's lewdly offered cunt and sucked the adolescent juices from her
    hot, tasty little hole. Dick sat there drooling, and it was his wife who
    finally saved
       "Leave him alone, you animals!", snapped Lisa, jumping abruptly to her
    feet. Bobby grabbed her round the waist and held the gun to her head.
       "Chill out, Red!", he snarled. "We're just having some fun, that's
all!"
    Mandy dropped her skirt and stepped back towards Cathy, who put her arms
    protectively around the sexy child.

       Lisa struggled a little in Bobby's embrace, and then stopped, her left
    tit resting heavily on the boy's upper arm, her voluptuous ass was
pressed
    firmly into his bulging crotch. Despite her anger, the feel of Bobby's
hard
    young cock against her buttocks made Lisa's easily aroused pussy tingle
    involuntarily. Bobby was having similar feelings. The woman's body felt
    good against him... very, very good, and it was with the utmost
reluctance
    that he finally released her, pushing her roughly back down onto the
couch.
       "Okay,", he yelled. "Let's get something straight! Somebody is gonna
get
    hurt bad if you people don't start doing exactly as you're told. I want
you
    to speak only when you're spoken to, and move only when you're told to
move!
    Do I make myself clear?"
    Kevin and Debby nodded vigorously, while Dick and Lisa mumbled a rather
    unconvincing affirmative.

       Cathy took her son aside for a second, so the others wouldn't hear.
       "We'll have to take turns at watching 'em," she whispered. "otherwise
    they're bound to make a break for it."
       "I've got a better idea," replied Bob with a leer. He walked back to
the
    couch and pointed the gun at the four captives.
       "Get up and strip off!", he ordered.
       "What?", gasped Dick incredulously.
       "You heard me, Pops," grinned Bobby. "All of you, take your clothes
off!"
       "Everything?", asked Lisa, going a bright red.
       "Yeah, everything, right down to the skin," Bobby said giving the
pretty
    redhead a meaningful glance.
       "Why?", demanded Dick.
       "Simple, Sherlock!", chuckled Bobby. "Without any clothes, you guys
ain't
    real likely to run off very far, now are you?"

       Dick was about to protest again, but Bobby silenced him by ramming the
    gun barrel into his midriff. The big man doubled over in pain but
    straightened up again almost immediately, rubbing his stomach.
       "Now, come on! Get this show on the road," encouraged Bobby. "Let's
see
    some skin, folks!"
    Lisa darted a nervous look over at her husband, who was already
undressing.
    He nodded for her to do as Bobby asked, and reluctantly, Lisa began to
    remove her clothes also. Beside her, Kevin and Debby were also undressing
    under the watchful eye of their captors.

       Bobby's eyes flicked back and forth from Debby to her mother as the
two
    women began to undress before him. He glanced at his mother and saw that
she
    was staring at Dick and his son. There was a definite look of
anticipation
    in her eyes, and as the men disrobed, her gaze settled finally on Kevin
as
    more and more of the boy's well-built young body was revealed. Mandy, on
the
    other hand, had her eyes on Kevin's father. For her age, she had a rather
    mature taste in men. Probably because all the men she had ever had sex
    with, including her father, were at least two or three times her age.
Dick's
    ruggedly handsome features and big, rippling muscles excited the horny
    little youngster no end. She couldn't wait to see how big and long his
    prick was.

       Bobby watched closely as Lisa slipped out of her blouse and undid her
    shorts, wiggling sensuously out of the tight-fitting garment like a snake
    shedding it's skin. She unfastened her bra and let it fall to the floor.
    Bobby whistled as her large round tits sprang free. Lisa covered her
boobs
    with her hands in embarrassment. Her face began to turn almost as red as
her
    hair when she noticed Bobby eyeing her exposed flesh with undisguised
lust.
       "Nice tits, lady!", snickered Bobby. "Now take off your panties!"
       "No!", spat Lisa taking a step back. "I won't!"
    Bobby waved the gun at her. It was a threatening gesture whose meaning
was
    quite plain.
       "You still haven't got it have you, Red?", he snarled. "Okay,
sweetheart,
    let me put it to you another way. If you haven't got them frilly little
    knickers off in five seconds flat, I'm gonna rip 'em off your fuckin'
ass!"

       Lisa turned to her husband, tears welling in her wide green eyes.
       "Dick?", she whimpered.
       "Do what he says, honey. I don't want him hurting you or the kids,
okay?"
    Bobby gave them a satisfied grin.
       "You heard your old man, Red. Now get 'em off!", he chuckled.
       Lisa hesitated for a moment and then, with a look of total submission
    on her pretty face, reluctantly began to obey. Her fingers paused at the
top
    of her low-cut panties, but then she peeled them down over her gently
    curving belly and pulled them down her full thighs, tossing the crumpled
    wisp of cloth carelessly onto the floor. As she stood before Bobby, stark
    naked, Lisa's initial shame turned into anger. She was proud of her body!
    Why should some jumped-up kid with a gun make her feel ashamed of it?

       Watching Bobby's eyes flick over her naked tits and cunt, Lisa put her
    hands on her hips and stared back at him defiantly, letting the boy view
    everything she had. Bobby licked his lips.
       "Jesus Christ!", he murmured, staring at the woman's lush nakedness.
    Standing beside his wife, Dick paused, realizing with a pleasant
sensation
    that his wife was still one of the loveliest women he had ever seen, and
by
    the look on the boy's face, Bobby agreed wholeheartedly.
       He turned his lascivious attention to Debby. The young daughter was
    just taking off her panties, and as she bent over Bobby marvelled at the
    size of her dangling tits. They were almost as big as her mother's but
    as she straightened up it was clear that they were much, much firmer.

       Unlike Mandy, Debby's young pussy was covered with a sparse growth of
    fine, black pubic hair, her little cuntbush a dark, mysterious patch
framed
    exquisitely the creamy whiteness of her long slender legs. Debby wasn't
as
    comfortable as her mother about letting her little treasure be seen
either.
    She didn't know whether to cover her tits or her cunt. In the end she
    decided just to stand there with her hands by her sides, her legs tightly
    closed.
       "Mmmmmmm, not bad either," muttered Bobby, with a lewd grin.
    Despite her situation, Debby felt a twinge of adolescent pleasure at
Bobby's
    open admiration of her naked body. She almost smiled at her handsome
young
    captor, but stopped short when she saw her father staring at her.

       Dick dropped his eyes to the floor after only a second, but Debby had
    seen the expression of interest flash over his face. And the knowledge that
    her own father had looked upon her naked body with desire in his eyes,
    began to stir dark, forbidden feelings deep down inside her.  As he
    continued to undress, Dick was having similar feelings. Of course, he had
    seen his daughter in the nude before, many times. But that was years ago
    when Debby was just a little kid, with no shape whatsoever. Days long past,
    when as a devoted father, he used to sit her on his knee or push her on a
    swing. Seeing her now, made Dick realize how much his little girl had
    matured. In a matter of a few short years, his baby daughter had grown up
    into a beautiful, sexy young woman, right under his very nose.

       Dick dropped his shorts and stood naked beside his wife and daughter,
    and moments later Kevin did the same, feeling a more than a little
    self-conscious about the looks of admiration Cathy was giving him.
    Bobby already knew that his sister had a great body, he had been peeking
    into her room for months now, watching her undress. Once he had even jerked
    himself off outside her bedroom window as he watched Debby sprawled naked on
    her bed. But he had never once seen his mother in the nude, and he couldn't
    take his eyes off her. To his shame, the more he looked at her huge tits and
    flaming red cunt, the bigger his eager young cock became.

       Cathy saw young Kevin's cock harden noticeably and drew in her breath.
    She'd watched with great interest as the boy undressed. His young cock had
    turned out to be just as big as her son's, and except for Kevin's tousled
    crop of red hair, both boys had the same lean, muscular, athletic kind of
    physique that always made Cathy's pussy drool. She whispered to Mandy.
       "Jesus, hon, will ya look at that gorgeous hunk of cockmeat!"
    Mandy was looking alright, but not at Kevin. Granted, the boy was hung,
    but not like his father. Mandy's hot little cunt moistened noticeably as she
    stared at the big man's cock. Even limp it looked formidable, and Mandy had
    trouble resisting the urge to walk right over to him and grab it.

       Lisa noticed the young girl's eyes on her husband's prick. He was old
    enough to be her father, but the from the look of unmistakable lust in
    the child's eyes, Mandy really didn't care. Lisa was so angry she could
    scream. What was wrong with these people? All they seemed to think of was
    sex! Lisa saw the other woman, Cathy, staring just as hotly at her son.
    She turned to see what the woman found so interesting and was confronted by
    Kevin's swelling cock. She had never thought about her son sexually before,
    but now, the very sight of his large, naked penis twitching lewdly between
    his muscular thighs, made her pussy quiver uncontrollably with wet heat. She
    couldn't take her eyes of it.

       Satisfied with the proceedings so far, Bobby motioned for the naked
    family to sit down. Then, with a mischievous grin on his face he sauntered
    over to where Mandy and his mother were standing and put an arm around
    each of them.
       "Hey, I got an idea how we can have a little fun here," he whispered.
       "How?", asked Cathy, casting a longing glance at Kevin's cock.
       "Did you notice the way they were all lookin' at each other before?"
       "Yeah," breathed Mandy, remembering the hot look she had seen Dick give
       his naked daughter.
        "Okay,", continued Bobby giving them both a gentle hug. "Well, I'd say
       it wouldn't take too much to get these rich dudes turned on to each
       other... know what I mean? Then, once we get 'em to fuckin' and suckin'
       each other, we can all join in and make it one big family orgy... wild,
       huh?"
    Horny as they were, the girls were only too willing to agree to Bobby's
    plan. And, as he outlined the details, Cathy and Mandy both felt their
    already aroused cunts begin to twitch deliciously with anticipation.

       After a few minutes of animated whispering, the trio broke their
    secretive huddle and approached the others.
       "Okay, folks," Bobby, said with a smirk. "Time for some entertainment."
       "What do you mean?", asked Dick, looking uneasy.
       "Well, it's like this, Pops. We're gonna put on some music and you and
       your family here are gonna do a little dancing... sound like fun?"
       "What you you mean?", said Lisa.
       "I mean... choose your partners, Red!", laughed Bobby pulling the naked
    woman to her feet. "Come on everybody! Time for a little cheek to cheek!"
       Cathy turned on the radio and selected a station playing a mellow
    arrangement of fifties music. Mandy settled on the couch to watch.

       The slow, sensual tones filled the room, but none of the seated Ellis
    family moved a muscle. Bobby pulled Lisa towards him, and held her in his
    arms, pressing himself suggestively against her nude flesh.
       "Well, looks like it's just you and me, Baby!", he grinned, squeezing her
    ass. Dick jumped up and reached for his wife, but Bobby was too fast for
    him. He grabbed Dick's arm and swung him round, pointing the gun at the back
    of his head.
       "This dance is taken, Pops! Why don't you try Sweetcheeks over there. I'm
    sure she'd love to dance with her old man!", said Bobby, enjoying the feel
    of Lisa's naked, cuntmound rubbing against his cockbulge.
    Dick looked helplessly at his daughter. He was about to sit down again when
    Debby suddenly got up and moved towards him.
       "What are you doing, baby?", he asked incredulously.



                                  Chapter 7

       "Let's just do what they want, Daddy," murmured Debby, trying not to
    stare too much at her father's great dangling cock. "Like you said... if
we
    do what they want, nobody'll get hurt, right?"
       "Yes, honey, I guess you're right"
    Dick tried to hold his daughter away from him as they danced, but to his
    surprise Debby, melted against him without hesitation. He tied not to
react
    to the sensual pressure of her lithe young body as it pressed against his
    naked skin... but it was impossible. There was no way he could ignore his
    daughter's firm, ripe tits rubbing provocatively against his bare chest.
    They were just as big as her mother's! Not only that, every time they
took
    a step, the teenager's hard little cuntmound pressed provocatively
against
    his hardening cock.

       Beside them, Bobby dug his fingers into Lisa's naked butt, pressing
his
    cockbulge into her crotch as they danced. At first she had been outraged,
    but the more the boy squeezed her ass and rubbed himself suggestively
    against her, the more her temper cooled, replaced instead by a spreading
    inner glow that Lisa recognized instantly. Despite the arrogance of the
boy,
    and the embarrassing position he had forced her into, Lisa found herself
    beginning to enjoy the feel of his strong, muscular young body against
her.
    The fact that she was totally naked in front of three perfect strangers,
not
    to mention her own son and daughter, somehow didn't seem to matter that
much
    anymore. Lisa could feel the bulge of his prick against her cuntmound. It
    felt big... too big for a boy his age and Lisa suddenly found herself
    wondering what it looked and felt like. Shame flared momentarily inside
her
    at the thoughts she was having, but there was little she could do about
    them. She glanced over at Dick with a sudden feeling of guilt and thanked
    God that her husband couldn't read her mind.

       Little did she know that Dick was having similar thought about his
baby
    daughter. She clung to him a little too tightly, her lithe young body
    moulded against his like a second skin. Despite all the self-control he
    could muster, Dick felt his cock begin to rise. He was powerless to
control
    it. For some strange reason, he suddenly remembered someone telling him
once
    that an erect cock has no conscience. 'How true', he thought. His
daughter's
    sexy, inviting young body rubbing so sensuously against his naked flesh
    made his prick quiver and twitch with involuntary delight. Debby gasped
as
    she felt her father's cock stiffen against her belly.
       "Sorry, darling,", whispered Dick, apologetically. "I can't help it!"
       "It's okay, Daddy," murmured the excited girl. "I understand."
    Enjoying the sensual contact, Debby raised herself on tiptoes, lifting
her
    ass until her father's hard cock rested snugly against her cunt. To her
    extreme pleasure, she felt him react by hunching his hips forward ever so
    slightly, just enough to rub the shaft of his erect prick against her
dewy
    little cuntslit.

       Bobby looked over at them and smiled.
       "Hey Red," he whispered into Lisa's ear. "Look's like your old man is
    really beginning to enjoy himself with Sweetcheeks over there."
    Lisa turned her head and watched her husband and daughter with a stab of
    jealousy. They clung to each other more like long lost lovers than father
    and daughter, and as they swayed to the music, Lisa noticed her husband's
    ass moving almost imperceptibly back and forth. With a gasp of horror
    she suddenly realized what Dick was doing! Her loving husband was rubbing
    his cock against Debby's pubescent little cuntmound, giving his
    fourteen-year-old daughter a slow, dry fuck! She couldn't believe her
eyes.

       Bobby saw the look on the sexy redhead's face and grinned evily. His
plan
    was working better than he'd ever suspected. By the look of it, the whole
    damn family had a deep, dark tide of unfulfilled sexual fantasies that
were
    only now coming to the surface. His mind raced with the untold incestuous
    possibilities. He looked at Kevin sitting uneasily on the chair beside
    them. The boy was staring at his mother's gorgeous ass as it swung
    invitingly before his eyes, trying unsuccessfully to hide his stiff cock
    with both hands. On the sofa, Mandy had hiked her skirt up to her waist
    and was openly stroking her bare, juicy little cunt as she watched the
    proceedings unfold. 'Hot little nympho slut!', thought Bobby as he
watched
    Mandy finger her glistening slit. 'Jesus, she can't fuckin' wait for it!"

       His mother sat close beside the horny young girl , her left arm draped
    casually over Mandy's slim shoulders, her right hand was up under her
    dress, stroking her own cunt through her panties. She caught Bobby's gaze
    from across the room and smiled. Bobby grinned back at her and licked
    his lips provocatively, at the same time lewdly humping his hips against
the
    naked woman he held in his arms. Cathy shivered with pleasure and, on a
    sudden impulse, removed her cunt-moist fingers from her crotch and put
them
    to her lips. Then, with a smouldering look of lust on her radiantly
    beautiful face, Cathy slid her fingers into her mouth, sucking them
    suggestively, one at a time.

       As soon as little Mandy saw Cathy licking her fingers, she grabbed the
    older woman's hand and placed it firmly on her hairless crotch.
Whispering
    something that Bobby couldn't hear, the hot little thirteen-year-old
    spread her legs. Without hesitation, Cathy slid her finger up the child's
    moist fuckhole. Bobby saw his mother say something back to the girl, and
    instantly, Mandy returned the favour, shoving her little hand eagerly up
    under Cathy's dress to play with the horny mother's slippery cuntlips.

       As he watched Mandy and his mother finger-fuck each other, Bobby
decided
    that it was definitely time to get the party moving out here on the dance
    floor. Taking a step back from Lisa, Bobby started to remove his clothes,
    and within seconds, he was as naked as the others. Lisa looked down at
the
    boy's huge cock and almost choked. She had been right, Bobby was hung
    alright... hung like a fucking horse! She couldn't help herself, she had
to
    touch it. Her husband was having his fun with their daughter, so why
    shouldn't she have some fun with Bobby and his delicious looking prick?

       "Go on!", said Bobby, seeing the look on Lisa's face. "Follow your
    instincts, baby. You'll enjoy it, I promise!"
    Lisa reached for the boy's erect penis, wrapping her fingers eagerly
    around the huge fuckstick. She gasped again as she found that her fingers
    couldn't fully encircle it, no matter how hard she tried. A wave of
sensual
    pleasure overcame the excited woman as she realized that the boy's cock
was
    even bigger and longer than her husband's!
       "God, it's huge!", she murmured, he eyes wide with wonder.
       "You'll get used to it, Red... it's been inside much smaller cunts
than
    yours, baby!", he boasted.
    Bobby reached out and fondled her swollen tits, then dropped his hand
    between her legs.

       Lisa moaned and slumped against him as she felt the boy's middle
finger
    penetrate her cunt. His other fingers rubbed her asshole, stimulating the
    sensitive area around the crinkled little opening until Lisa almost cried
    out with the exquisite pleasure it gave her. Her firey-red gash was
    absolutely dripping, and by the time he shoved a second finger up her
    juicy wet fuckhole, Bobby's whole hand was covered with the sexy
redhead's
    oily cuntjuice.

       "Shit, you're wet down there, honey!", said Bobby, wiggling another
    finger inside the woman's sopping cunthole. "Mmmmmmm, yeah! Hot and
fuckin'
    wet! Just the way I like it!"
    He delved deeper into her widely-stretched pussy, rubbing her clit with
his
    thumb.
       "Ohhhhhhh! Jesus, yesssssss!", moaned Lisa, grinding her leaking twat
   against Bobby's hand. The boy had three stiff fingers stuffed up her
pussy,
   but in her present state of arousal, it wasn't enough... Lisa needed
   more... much, much more. She longed for deeper, more satisfying
penetration,
   the kind only a long, thick prick could provide.

       Bobby knew exactly what the overheated woman wanted, but he wasn't
going
    to give her that just yet. He took his fingers from her cunt and pushed
her
    back towards Kevin who was still sitting on the chair behind her, holding
    his cock in both hands. The sight of Bobby's fingers up inside his
mother's
    cunt had excited the boy so much, he was furtively jerking himself off,
    hoping that nobody would notice. Bobby pushed Lisa back until her ass was
    only inches from her son's face. The woman was so engrossed in stroking
his
    lovely big cock that she was completely unaware that her son was there.
       "Bend over!", said Bobby, grinning at Lisa. "I want you to suck my
    cock for a second, baby!"

       Lisa obeyed immediately, hungry for contact with the boy's prick,
    even if it was only with her mouth. Kevin watched his mother bend forward
    from the waist. And, to his absolute pleasure, as she did so, her
gorgeously
    tight and rounded ass pressed into his face. Kevin didn't flinch one bit.
    Although he was only fifteen, he had been this close to a pussy on
    several occasions, and recognized the raunchy odour of hot, steamy cunt
    immediately. The fact that this particular cunt belonged to his beautiful
    mother only seemed to make him all the more excited. Tentatively, Kevin
    pressed his nose between the cheeks of his mother's ass and sniffed. The
    musky aroma of a well aroused pussy assailed his nostrils, causing the
lad's
    young cock to throb and jerk in his lap.

       From the rear, Kevin could just see the puffy lips of Lisa's
red-haired
    cunt squashed between her thighs. He wished his mother would open her
legs
    a bit so that he could see more. Bobby saw the look on Kevin's face and
    smiled, knowing exactly what the boy was thinking.
       "Spread your legs further apart, honey," he said, "and let the kid
have
    a real good look!"
    Lisa did as she was told, not really knowing or caring what Bobby was
    talking about. She spread her legs as far apart as she could, at the same
    time opening her full red lips around Bobby's fat, bloated cockhead. It
    almost filled her mouth completely, but after a few more sucks and
swallows,
    Lisa was able to get most of Bobby's enormous young cock into her mouth.

        With her legs wide open, Kevin had an excellent view of his mother's
    cunt. It gaped lewdly open, fringed with flaming-red cunthairs, the
    glistening, scarlet lips dripped so much juice that the insides of her
    long, slender thighs were covered with oily moisture. His mouth began to
    water. Jesus that looks good enough to eat, thought Kevin licking his
lips.
    He had an urge to stick out his tongue and lick the liquid-filled groove
    between her open cuntlips, but he hesitated. Even now, a part of him was
    reluctant to do such a crazy, obscene thing to his own mother no matter
how
    tempting it might be.

       Bobby's eyes were closed as Kevin's mother sucked his cock. Her hot
    lips felt like a tight, wet little cunt around his prick as he shoved
    every inch of his long, thick shaft into her slippery mouth. Lisa's head
    twisted from side to side as she sucked hard on his cock. Even the scrape
    of her teeth along his meaty pole was ball-bustingly erotic. He opened
his
    eyes and watched Lisa's ass bob in front of her son's face. 'Jesus,
what's
    wrong with the stupid kid', he thought. 'If I was in his position, I'd
have
    her climbing the walls by now!' Bobby frowned down at Kevin.
       "Come on, Hero, what's wrong? Get your tongue in her cunt and have a
    good lick around! It won't bite you!"

       Kevin looked up at Bobby and scowled, for two reasons. Firstly, he
didn't
    like being called 'Hero', and secondly, he didn't like Bobby's attitude.
It
    was bad enough that he actually wanted to lick his mother's cunt, let
alone
    having the vulgar bastard watching his every move.
       "You do want to, don't you, Hero? Or are you some kind of fucking
    faggot?", taunted Bobby.
    Kevin wanted to get up and punch the stupid grin off Bobby's face, but
the
    gun the other boy still held in his hand, combined with the overwhelming
    attraction of his mother's aroused genitals, prevented him. Instead he
    grabbed the cheeks of his mother's ass and pulled them apart, staring
into
    her bubbling pussy.

       "Yeahhhh! Go for it, Kevvy baby! She's so fuckin' hot from sucking my
    cock, she'll do anything!", Bobby said, hunching his cock into the
woman's
    mouth. "I always had you figured for a total looser. But I was wrong,
wasn't
    I, Kevin?  Yeahhh, prove me wrong. C'mon, Hero... lick her twat good...
suck
    the horny bitch 'til she pisses cunt-cream down you fuckin' throat!"
    Kevin trembled at the exciting image Bobby's words conjured up in his
    feverish brain. He just couldn't help himself, his mother's yawning pussy
    drew him like a magnet. With a deep throaty moan, Kevin dropped to his
knees
    behind his mother and shoved his face up into her flaming red crotch. He
    pulled the moist, hairy lips of her cunthole apart with his fingers and
    jammed his tongue deep into her juicy, exposed slit.

       Lisa instinctively pressed her ass back against the delightful
    penetration. Despite the fact that she couldn't turn her head to look,
she
    knew it was Kevin's mouth on her cunt, but she was too aroused to
protest.
    The implications of the situation raced through Lisa's lust-clouded mind.
    She shouldn't be letting her own son suck her pussy, it was wrong...
    immoral... incestuous! But the more he licked her pussy, the more she
    enjoyed it, and the more reluctant she was to make him stop. Lisa's head
    spun with shamefully lewd images. 'Uhhhh, I wish it was his cock I was
    sucking!', she thought, hunching her cuntmound back against the boy's
    stabbing tongue.

       Bobby had a satisfied look on his face. Partly because of the
tightness
    of Lisa's mouth on his prick, but mostly because his plan had succeeded
    beyond his wildest dreams. This would be a night to remember! He glanced
    around the room. On the sofa, Mandy and his mother had removed their
clothes
    as well, and were currently engaged in an energetic sixty-nine. Mandy was
    on top, her lithe young body slithering all over Cathy's much larger
frame.
    The youngster was gobbling his mother's twat so expertly, Bobby stopped
for
    a moment to watch. "Christ, the little slut likes pussy, too!", he
muttered
    under his breath. Well, there was more than enough of that to go around,
he
    smiled, and began pumping Lisa's mouth faster.

       It wasn't long after Lisa started sucking Bobby's cock that Dick and
    and his daughter stopped all pretence of dancing. Already hot from
rubbing
    their naked bodies together, the excited pair found it increasingly
    difficult to control their lust for each other. Then, when Debby saw her
    brother shove his face into their mother's crotch, her young pussy
moistened
    noticeably, throbbing with dull heat. She couldn't believe her eyes.
       "Daddy! Look at Kevin, he's licking mommy's pussy!", she whispered.
       "I know, sweetheart!", breathed Dick, watching jealously as his son's
    tongue delved deep into his wife's all-too-willing cunt. The only thing
that
    stopped him from going over and slapping the boy to the ground was the
gun
    Bobby still held firmly in his right hand. Bobby's other hand was on his
    wife's bobbing head as he guiding her sucking mouth back and forth over
the
    length of his glistening prick.

       But despite his initial anger, the more Dick watched, the hotter he
    became. Debby's juicy little cuntmound pressing against his now fully erect
    cock didn't make it any easier for him either. Jesus Christ, she was his own
    flesh and blood... his pretty little baby. Except that right now, with her
    big tits snuggled against his bare chest and her soft, moist crotch grinding
    sexily against the length of his prick, Debby didn't feel quite so little
    anymore. It wasn't surprising, he realized, because despite having his eyes
    and hair colour, the precocious fourteen-year-old had inherited her
    mother's sensuality... not to mention her big tits. And the way the she had
    reacted to the pressure of his cock on her soft little pussy made it clear
    to Dick that his was not the first stiff prick to nudge it's way between his
    daughter's silky young thighs.

       Dick moaned as he felt her small hand slither between them and boldly
    take hold of his bulging cock. Debby gasped in awe at the sheer size of
    it, her tiny fingers unable to fully encircle her father's massive,
    throbbing erection. Her little cunt began to itch and moisten as she
    realized that her handsome daddy was one well-hung stud!
       "Fuck!", Dick groaned, as his daughter's soft little hand began to move
    up and down the bloated shaft of his cock.
       "Mmmmmmmmmm, I sure hope so, Daddy," replied Debby with a grin.
    Her previous boyfriends had all been well-endowed, and being highly-sexed
    for her age, Debby had chosen them for just that reason. But, her father's
    massive prick was by far the biggest she'd ever seen, and in her present
    highly-aroused condition, the horny youngster couldn't help but wonder what
    her daddy's huge, man-sized prong would feel like stuffed up her tight,
    hot, little cunthole.

       Dick groaned helplessly as Debby's small fingers stroked his cock.
    'God in heaven!', he thought, 'Daughter or not, if she keeps this up the
    little bitch is gonna get more than she's bargained for!' He had a raging
    hardon that demanded immediate attention, and since his sexy wife and horny
    young son had already succumbed to their own incestuous urges, Dick decided
    to throw caution to the wind and follow their lead.
       "Oh, Jesus, Debby! Forgive me, baby!", he groaned, groping blindly for
    his daughter's beautiful, naked behind. As if in a dream, Dick rubbed his
    palms over the rounded globes of his daughter's taut little ass.
    Compared to her mother's, Debby's asscheeks felt rather small as he
    fondled them gently in his big calloused hands, but that only served to
    excite him more.

       "Ohhhhhhh, Daddy!", gasped Debby as she felt her father's hands on her
    ass. "Ooooooooooh yes, squeeze me! Mmmmmmmmmmm, that feels niiiiiiiiice!"
    By now Debby was trembling and wet and eager for anything her handsome
    father had in mind. Whirlpools of excited adolescent lust swirled in her
    deep, dark eyes. With a groan, Dick pulled the child's slender frame roughly
    against his hard, muscular body.  She seemed so tiny and delicate that Dick
    was afraid he might crush her if he squeezed too hard. His daughter on the
    other hand wasn't worried at all. Debby loved the way her big, strong father
    was holding her, and to prove it, the hot little fourteen-year-old began to
    gyrate her ass suggestively, grinding her lust-moistened pussy against
    the long, hard pole of cock-flesh that throbbed deliciously between her
    trembling young thighs.

       Debby became bolder and used her hand to guide the tip of her father's
    big prick into her pubescent little cuntslit. It was difficult to do
    standing up, but after a bit of maneuvering on Debby's part, she managed
    to get her father's fat cockhead to penetrate the tight, clinging lips of
    her pussy. Then, with a cry of incestuous delight, Debby threw her arms
    around him, clinging possessively to Dick's broad shoulders as she buried
    her pretty face into his chest. She raised herself on tiptoes and, at
    the same time, thrust her slim young hips forwards, moaning out loud as
    her father's hard flared knob sliced deliciously into her drooling little
    pussy.
       "Ohhh, God! Ummmmmmmmmm, yessss! Jesus, push it in further, Daddy!"
       "Shit, baby," moaned Dick, hunching his hips forwards. "We shouldn't be
    doing this!... It's not right!"
       "Yes it is, Daddy!", Debby whimpered into her father's ear. "We both want
     it, don't we?"

       "Yes!"
       "Then do it, Daddy!", she begged. "Push your big, hard cock inside my hot
    little pussy and fuck me!.... Uhhhhhhhhhh, yeahhhhh, really fuck me, Daddy!"
    Dick let out a deep, guttural groan and bent his knees, forcing the swollen
    head of his prick deep up into the girl's snug little snatch. Debby sucked
    in her breath, whimpering with pleasure as her father's long, thick cock
    filled her belly, stretching her slippery, clasping cuntflesh with delicious
    pain.
       "Ahhhhhnnnnnnggghhh!"
    Debby opened her thighs as wide as she could so that her father's big prong
    could penetrate her better. She clenched her pert little buttocks and raised
    her hips, sliding her pussy onto his prick, gasping as more and more of its
    mighty girth filled her dilating cunt.


       "Oooooooooooh, Daddy, you're so big in me!", Debby cried out suddenly.
       "Am I hurting you, baby?", asked Dick, a little worried that his
    fourteen-year-old daughter was still too small to take a cock as big as
his
    up her tiny fuckhole.
       "No! No, Daddy, it's fantastic! God, it feels so good I could faint!"
       "Oh, sweet Jesus, it sure does, sweetheart!", groaned Dick, his cock
    probing deeper and deeper. "Damn, but your hot little cunt is tight,
    Debby, honey!... Mmmmmmmm, yeah, just the way a cunt ought to be... tight
    and hot!"
       "And wet, Daddy," giggled Debby, looking up at her father with moist,
    glassy eyes,"don't forget wet!"
       "Oh yeah, babe! You're wet alright.... so very, very wet!"
       "Then fuck me Daddy!", she breathed, rubbing her hard young tits
against
    her father's hairy chest. "Fuck me like you fuck Mommy!"

       "Unnnnngghhhhh! Ohhhh, baby!", grunted Dick, giving Debby's slick
little
    snatch a few quick cock-jabs.
       She was too short for him to fuck standing up, so as soon as his prick
    was completely embedded in his daughter's cunt, Dick put his hands under
her
    ass and lifted her off her feet. Debby's slender young body melted
against
    him, and instinctively she raised her legs and clasped her thighs tightly
    around her father's already thrusting hips. Clinging to her father's
    shoulders with her arms, Debby buried her face in his neck.
"Oooohhhnnnnnn
    ... oh fuck me Daddy... fuck me hard. Hard, hard... unh! Unh UNH! UNHHH!
Oh
    yes... like that... Uhhhhhhnnnnggghhh!"

       "Oh, Debby!", grunted her father. "I am, baby! I can't believe it, but
    I am! I'm fucking you, sweetheart! Jesus, I'm actually fucking you!...
God!"
    With his hands firmly clutching his daughter's jerking ass, Dick rode her
    up and down the length of his prick, at the same time lunging up into her
    tight, squirming pussy again and again with stupendous ferocity. But in
    this position, Dick couldn't keep it up for long, and after several
minutes
    of solid fucking, his legs started to ache from the exertion of holding
her.
       "Ohhhhh, baby! We've got to lie down before we fall down, honey!",
gasped
    Dick backing towards the spare bed in the corner of the room.
    He lowered himself carefully into the bed and lay back, holding her ass
    tightly so that his cock remained deeply embedded in his daughter's juicy
    little twat at all times.

       Debby straddled her father's hips with her thighs, grinding her
    overheated young cunt down onto his huge throbbing erection.
       Don't stop, Daddy... don't stop!", she panted. "Ooooooh, please...
fuck
    me with your big cock, Daddy! Fuck me hard!....Oh God! Uhhhh! Harder!
Unghh"
    The bed rocked and the walls reverberated with the noise of wild,
    unrestrained fucking as Dick and Debby went at each other like rutting
    animals, the forbidden excitement of incest fuelling their wild,
passionate
    lust for each other. Dick's fingers dug into the smooth jouncing flesh of
    his daughter's ass as he crammed her flowing slit full of his surging
cock.
    He could tell from the way she was sitting on it, the horny little
teenager
    had to be feeling it piercing the very mouth of her womb. The look on her
    pretty young face was one of pure erotic bliss.

       Dick fucked his panting, whimpering daughter with long hard thrusts
that
    made the girl's big tits shake and quiver with the sheer force of his
deep
    cock-stabs. In no time at all, Debby was squealing and jerking like a
wild
    animal in her father's arms. She clawed at his back and bit his neck,
    grinding her overheated little cunt down onto his thrusting prick as hard
as
    she could. Her knees gripped his hips for leverage as she bounced up and
    down on her father's cock in a punishing rhythm.
       "Oooooh, Daddy! Fuck me!... Fuck me! Uhhhnnnn, I know it's wrong, but
I
    love your cock going up my cunt, Daddy! It's so big and hard! Ohhhhhh,
fuck
    me faster, Daddy... fuck me faster!"
       "Yeah baby, go for it!", gasped Dick as he felt her hips speed up.
"C'mon
    sweetheart, fuck daddy's big prick! That's it, twist your hot, sexy
little
    ass, baby!" The pleasure generated by Debby's tight, adolescent pussy as
it
    clasped and squeezed his deeply stabbing cock was intense.

       Dick had never felt such a powerful grip in a woman's cunt, even the
    first time he had fucked his wife. Then again, it had been a long time
since
    he'd fucked a girl as young as Debby before too. The pressure around his
    rock-hard cock was almost painful at first, but as his daughter's little
    cunt-hole stretched to accommodate his prick, the pain disappeared, and
only
    the wonderfully hot, slippery friction of her satiny, adolescent quim
    remained.
       "Ahhhhhhhhh, Jeesus! Uhhhhh, yeah... hot... uhh... tight... ohh...
wet...
    little cunt! Ungghhhhhhh!"
    He fucked her roughly, almost raping her, grabbing her jiggling tits and
    ramming his oversized cock deep into her belly. But Debby loved every
moment
    of it. She squealed and whimpered, impaling herself wildly on her
father's
    prick, begging him in no uncertain terms to ravish her tightly-stretched
    little cunt.

       "Yes, yes," she cried ecstatically, "that's the way I like it. Oh, Daddy,
    darling, fuck me like that!.... yes, oh yessssssss, fuck me... fuck meeeee!"
    Dick was really fucking his lust-crazed daughter hard now, his cock stabbing
    up into her drooling, squirming little twat with jackhammer force. Little
    animal groans of lust bubbled up from deep in Debby's throat as she writhed
    in mindless, adolescent passion on her father's pistoning prick. Debby had
    never felt so much pleasure in her whole life. All the boy's she'd ever
    fucked before were just that... boys, but this time it was different. Her
    daddy's cock was a real man's cock... longer and thicker and harder than
    any she'd ever had stuffed up her snug little cunt before, and the more her
    father fucked her with his over-sized prong, the hotter she got... and the
    more she wanted!

       On the sofa, Mandy and Cathy were still deeply engrossed in a mutually
    satisfying sixty-nine, their naked, creamy bodies writhing and squirming
    against each other in hot, lesbian passion. Cathy had sampled quite a few
    hot young cunts in prison but none as tasty or as juicy as Mandy's hairless
    little quim. As soon as the girl had settled her crotch over her face, Cathy
    knew she was going to enjoy Mandy's sweet little pussy like no other. She
    was fascinated by the folds of slippery, pink flesh that unfolded like the
    petals of a flower. The pink, glistening cuntlips were puffy and wet,
    covered with a slick film of pussy-juice. Cathy had feasted her eyes on the
    gorgeous sight for only a few seconds before she felt Mandy's hot little
    mouth press cover her gaping cunthole. With a sharp cry, Cathy had grabbed
    the child's soft, resilient little asscheeks with both hands and pulled her
    sweet dripping pussy down onto her face. Then, moaning deep in her throat,
    she began to suck Mandy's tender, juicy cuntflesh into her hungry mouth.

       The horny little kid had eagerly returned the favour, which told Cathy
    that this wasn't the first time sweet, innocent-looking Mandy had indulged
    in a hot, wet session of mutual cunt licking. She went after Cathy's
    pussy-juice like a ravenous animal, at the same time grinding her own
    quivering little cunt down onto the older woman's equally active mouth.
    Cathy felt Mandy shiver with delight as she ran her tongue back and forth
    between the child's lust-slickened cuntlips.
       "Oooooooooh, God yesss!", squealed Mandy, momentarily removing her mouth
    from Cathy's pussy. "Mmmmmm, that's fantastic! Oh, yeahhhh, just like that!"
    Excitedly burrowing her face into the horny child's cuntmound Cathy probed
    every inch of Mandy's juicy young slit with her tongue.

       She swirled it lewdly around and around in the girl's tight, pink little
    cunthole and noisily sucked out the tangy juices which soon began to flow in
    surprising abundance. Reaching up, Cathy grasped Mandy's tits, lovingly
    squeezing and kneading the hard little cones while she reamed out the
    child's hot, juicy cunt with her tongue.
       "Oh, Christ!", whimpered Mandy between slurps on Cathy's drooling
    cunt. "It's so good.... so fucking good! Uhhhhmmmmm, stick your tongue right
    in, baby! Fuck me with it! Fuck my cunt with your tongue and make me come!""
    Cathy opened her mouth wide over Mandy's hairless little slit and drilled
    her tongue in deep. Mandy's hips jerked wildly as she clutched at Cathy's
    soft asscheeks and thrust her own face as deep as possible into the older
    woman's hot, slippery cunt sucking for all she was worth.

       Bobby watched his mother and the horny youngster from across the room.
    The sight and sound of their passion-crazed mouths frantically sucking on
    each other's cunts made his cock swell and throb in Lisa's throat. He looked
    back down at the sexy redhead and watched as his huge shaft slid wetly in
    and out of her cock-filled mouth.
       "Yeah, suck it, Red!", he grinned, "Suck it real hard, sweetheart. Mmmmm,
    that's nice! Hey, I just thought of something... if you do a good enough job
    on my prick, I might even let your kid back there shove his up your tight
    snatch. Yeahhhhh, after getting your pussy nice and hot and wet with
    his tongue, I'm sure Kevvy baby will be more than willing to ram his stiff
    prick up his momma's juicy cunt, don't you, honey?"

       Lisa's eyes went wide with alarm and she tried to take her mouth off
    Bobby's huge erection but the surly teenager grabbed a handful of scarlet
    tresses and held the woman's head firmly in place on his prick, excited by
    the look of fear in her eyes.
       "Uh, uhhh! Keep sucking that cock, Red! You ain't finished yet!", Bobby
    growled, grinning down at the beautiful woman. "But don't worry, baby,
    you'll get to fuck with hero boy soon enough, I promise! Yeah, he can have
    a shot at your cunt right after I shoot a load of hot cum down your pretty
    throat!"
    Lisa moaned again and tried once more to remove her mouth from Bobby's
    prick, but the boy still held her head firmly in place. He hunched his cock
    roughly back and forth into her throat, almost as a punishment.

       "What's wrong, Red, honey?", he taunted. "Aren't you partial to young
    prick?  C'mon, don't tell me you've never had naughty thoughts about Kevvy
    baby here?... every mother does at one time or another. Don't you want to
    know what his hard young prick feels like rammed up your hot, slimy cunt?"
    Lisa shook her head.
       "You don't fool me, baby!", laughed Bobby, "I bet you'd love it, wouldn't
    you, you fuckin' slut! You'd love his hard young cock stuffed up that
    horny, rich cunt of yours, huh?  Yeahhhh, and judging by the way junior is
    sucking your hairy twat, lady, I'd say the little mother-fucker would love
    to let you have it too!"

     Lisa only moaned submissively and continued sucking as the
    strongly-muscled teenager pumped his cock vigorously in and out of her
    mouth. Under the threat of violence from Bobby, and in the heat of
passion,
    Lisa had accepted the fact that it was her own son's tongue licking her
    pussy, and despite the circumstances, deep down she was even was even
    beginning to enjoy it! But at the very mention of her son's cock
penetrating
    her cunt, Lisa had instinctively rebelled. It was a vile, obscene
thought,
    and she hated Bobby for even suggesting it. Letting her son lick her
pussy
    was one thing, but letting him fuck her was completely out of the
question.

       Kevin on the other hand had no such qualms about fucking his sexy
mother.
    At his age, women and girl's with any shape at all turned him on
constantly,
    and sometimes, having to live with two gorgeous specimens of womanhood
like
    his mother and sister was absolute torture. Especially since both of them
    insisted on wearing clothes that showed off their fantastic bodies, even
    around the house. Since he was about twelve or thirteen, the sight of his
    mother's partly clad body had given Kevin an instant erection and later,
    when his little sister had begun to fill out in all the right places, she
    too became a focus for his sexual fantasies. Quite often Kevin had to
hide
    a sudden hardon and race off to his room to jerk off his frustrations in
    private. Now, with his face buried deep in his mother's perfumed crotch,
it
    was like a wet dream come true for the horny young teenager.

       Kevin's erect cock throbbed painfully between his legs, as he slurped
    noisily on his mother's flaming red-haired twat. His wide-open mouth
covered
    her gaping slit completely, his lips sucking up every drop of juice his
    agile young tongue was able to coax from her hotly-aroused cunt. Lisa was
    moaning quite loudly now, lifting her ass up and pressing her pussy hard
    against her son's face, grinding back and forth. It excited him
immensely.
    Just to know that his sexy mother was aroused by his mouth and tongue on
her
    pussy, was enough to set young Kevin's whole body on fire. He desperately
    longed to spear his hard cock inside her hot, juicy cunt and fuck her,
just
    as he had done so many times in his lurid, adolescent fantasies.

       Lisa tightened her lips around Bobby's prick as she felt her son suck
    her throbbing, aching clit into his mouth. With practiced ease, Kevin
rolled
    the sensitive little bud gently but firmly back and forth with the tip of
    his tongue. It felt so good Lisa wanted to scream out her pleasure, and
she
    would have too, if Bobby's hands hadn't been holding her mouth so tightly
    onto his pumping cock. At that moment, the horny redhead didn't care one
bit
    that the tongue wiggling so deliciously in her cunt belonged to her
teenaged
    son. All she knew was that her streaming pussy was about to explode into
his
    sucking mouth, and despite her previous misgivings about letting her son
    fuck her, Lisa didn't care what he did any more, as long as he made her
    come! Spurred on by her rapidly approaching climax, Lisa swallowed
Bobby's
    glistening, saliva-covered cock to the base, and started sucking him off
    in earnest.

       "Oh, Christ, Red!", moaned Bobby, his own orgasm dangerously close.
"Your
    fuckin' mouth gets more and more like a cunt all the time. Unnnnhhhh,
shit,
    what a load of jizz I'm gonna shoot for you, baby!"
    Lisa couldn't wait! Sucking this handsome, virile young stud while her
own
    son sucked and licked her drooling cunt, had the beautiful redhead so
    excited her knees were trembling. In fact, she had never felt so horny in
    her whole damned life. Grinding her wet pussy into her son's face, Lisa
    sucked Bobby hard, determined to make him come in her mouth so she could
    concentrate on the delicious sucking she was getting from Kevin. Lisa
didn't
    have to wait long. Within seconds, Bobby stiffened, and she felt his cock
    swell and jerk in her mouth.

       "Ohhhhhhhh, Jesus! My prick's ready to blow, baby! Uhhhhhh, hold on,
Red,
    I'm cummmmming, baby! Ahhhhhhhnnnnngghhhhh, fuck, here it comes!",
screamed
    Bobby as his cock erupted with liquid fury in the depths of Lisa's
throat.
    His prick wasn't just spurting into her mouth either. Bobby's pent up
    sperm seemed to flood into the woman's mouth in a continuous stream,
almost
    as if he were pissing cream down her throat. As fast as the cum arrived,
    Lisa gulped it down at the same pace. Not until Bobby's climax had
dribbled
    to a close did she release her oral grasp, having downed every last drop
of
    jism the boy could dredge from his swollen young balls.

       "I gotta hand it to you, lady," he murmured when it was over, "you
sure
    know how to suck cock.... Jesus, that was one hell of a fuckin'
blow-job!"
    Lisa almost managed a smile, but a sudden stab of her son's tongue deep
    into her boiling cunthole made her moan and quiver with fresh lust.
    Bobby forced Lisa onto all-fours at his feet, causing her son's mouth to
    leave her cunt with an audible sucking sound. Kevin looked down at his
    mother and then up at Bobby, a look of expectation on his juice-smeared
    face. His cock stood straight out from his hairy crotch like a steel bar,
    the quivering tip pointed directly at his mother's gaping cuntslit.
       "Your turn, Hero!", grinned Bobby.
    At the sound of his voice, Lisa seemed to recover her composure a little.
    Now that the erotic stimulation of her son's mouth on her cunt was
    removed, her conscience flooded back.



                                 Chapter 8

       "What are you doing? Let me up, you pig!", she squealed, trying
    desperately to get up. Bobby held her down and motioned for Kevin to move
    up behind his mother.
       "C'mon Hero, you can do it!... Belly up to the bitch and stick that
    big fucker of yours right up her hot, juicy cunt!"
    Kevin's eyes lit up at the prospect of actually fucking his gorgeous
    mother. Her legs were still widely parted, and he could see the scarlet
    slit of her pussy beckoning to him from between her creamy thighs. His
    mother's swollen, redhaired cuntlips gaped lewdly open, pouting and beaded
    with tiny dewdrops of moisture. Kevin moved in close behind her on his
    knees, resting his palms on the voluptuous curves of his mother's ass. The
    slim, rounded cheeks of her buttocks were smooth and unblemished like a
    teenager's, and they felt warm and yielding under his trembling hands.

       Lisa gasped at the contact, her mind whirling with mixed emotions. Her
    maternal instincts told her to make her son stop, but at the same time,
    other more basic instincts wanted him to continue. Only minutes before, her
    son had excited her beyond belief. He had given her such exquisite pleasure
    with his mouth and tongue, that Lisa had chosen to ignore the fact that the
    boy was her own flesh and blood. Now, the thought of letting him actually
    put his hard young cock inside her cunt and fuck her, made Lisa tremble with
    shame.
       "Don't, Kevin!", she blurted. "Don't let him make you!.... It's wrong!"
    But, the conviction just wasn't in her voice, and both boys knew it.
       "I... I can't help it!", gulped Kevin, caressing his mother's creamy
    ass. "I wanna f... fuck you, Mom!... Oh, Jesus, let me fuck your cunt, now!"

       At that moment, Lisa knew it was useless to argue, Bobby had won, damn
    him!  Hearing her son's frank admission made her realize the power Bobby had
    over them all. Their cunning young captor seemed to be able to sense the
    best way to unlock each family member's darkest, most forbidden sexual
    desires. She also knew that there was no use resisting the inevitable.
    Lisa turned her head to look at Kevin, and her eyes almost popped out of
    her head at the size of her son's raging hardon.
       "Ooooooh, Kevin! God help me!", she moaned. "I want it too, baby!"
       "Are you sure, Mom?"
       "Yes! Oooooh, Jesus, yes! Hurry up, before I change my mind!"
    The hot, sexy look his mother gave him made the boy's erect cock twitch
    with adolescent fuck-lust.

       Kevin reached up between her open thighs and ran his fingers up and
    down the length of his mother's leaking cuntslit, feeling her firey
    wetness leak into his stroking palm. His hard, young cock jerked up and down
    against her ass, dribbling pre-cum down the backs of her thighs. Lisa
    gurgled and strained her aroused pussy back against her son's fingers,
    eager for more intense stimulation.
       "Ummmmmmmmmm, Kevin!", she moaned. "Oh God, sweetheart, don't tease me!"
    Bobby was still standing above them, stroking his cock to another erection
    as he watched the excited mother and son carefully.
       "C'mon Hero, for chrissake fuck the bitch!", he growled. "Can't you see
    she want's it?... Shit, the horny slut is fuckin' begging for it!".

       Bobby was right. As her son worked his fingers inside her hot snatch,
    Lisa's cunt began to boil. Hot fuck-juices seeped from her squishy,
    overheated cunt and dribbled into the palm of his hand, coating Kevin's
    probing fingers with a hot, sticky wetness that made his young prick throb
    and quiver with adolescent lust. His mother arched her ass up like a bitch
    in heat and wiggled it suggestively against his hand as he squeezed her
    cunt.
       "Ummmm, Mom, what a beautiful snatch!", he murmured, "I want inside it!"
       "Ooooooooh, yes baby!... Do it!... Jesus, do whatever you want to me!",
    squealed Lisa.
    Kevin gasped with delight at his mother's blatant encouragement. The sight
    of her lovely, naked ass stuck up in the air in front of him had Kevin's
    stiff cock literally throbbing with incestuous desire. The excited young boy
    stared for a moment at his mother's aroused cunt.

       The hairy, swollen lips gaped wide open, quivering with anticipation,
    glistening provocatively with juicy wetness. His beautiful mother was ready
    alright...  hot and wet, and ready for fucking!  Kevin pulled her hips
    towards him and pressed his jerking cock between her legs, smearing his
    mother's cuntmound with hot pre-come as he positioned himself behind her.
    Then, with a low, guttural moan, Kevin pushed the head of his prick into
    his mother's cuntslit and lunged savagely forwards, driving the entire
    length into her hot fuckhole in one swift movement.
       "Unnnnhhhhhhh, God! I knew it! I knew you'd be big, baby", Lisa wailed,
    rocking her ass as she rested her head on folded arms. "Ummmmmm, just like
    your father... so big... so very, very big!... Ooooooooooooohhhh! God, that
    feels good!"

       As Kevin's man-sized prick filled her belly, Lisa arched her back and
    shuddered, screwing her hot cunt back onto her son's thickly-veined
    cock-shaft with shameful eagerness. She knew it was wrong but she never
    could resist a big, hard cock in her snatch.... what woman could?
       "Ohhhhhhh, Mom! Mom! Mom!", Kevin cried, excited by the way his
    mother wantonly welcomed every inch of prick he shoved into her.
    Grasping her slim hips, the boy began fucking her hard. He was just too
    wildly aroused to do it slowly or gently. But it seemed to be just what Lisa
    wanted, because her cunt was creaming all over his cock, and her hips were
    jerking to his rhythm. The faster her son fucked her the more excited she
    seemed to get. Following his natural instincts, Kevin began to fuck his
    mother with quick greedy stabs. His belly slapping against her ass, and his
    prick ramming deep and hard into her flaming-hot cunt.

        Lisa shivered and moaned with pleasure as her son slammed his cock
    into her tightly-stretched cunt. He was fucking her with such brutal force
    that it almost took her breath away, but Lisa loved every second of it, and
    she made sure Kevin knew it too. She had always loved a hard, fast fuck, and
    now her very own son was giving her just what she needed. His strong, virile
    erection seemed to stretch her poor pussy to the limit, filling her
    deliciously. She arched her back and lifted her ass so that his pistoning
    cock rubbed against her clit, intensifying her pleasure a thousandfold.
    She kept her legs spread so that she could take his cock as deeply as
    possible, forgetting all her doubts and hesitations as her son hammered
    his big, hard prick into her starved little pussy-hole.

        "Jesus, Kevin! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Oh, yesssssssssss!", hissed Lisa,
    through half-closed lips. She began clenching and unclenching the muscles of
    her ass and thighs to better squeeze the wondrous stiffness of her son's
    long, powerful cock deep inside her pussy.
    Kevin gasped with delight..... 'This is great!' he thought, astonished at
    the unexpected tightness of his mother's pussy. 'Shit, Mom's got a twat like
    a fuckin' teenager!... Man, what a cunt... what a beautiful tight, hot
    cunt!'

       He moaned loudly as his cock surged back and forth in the yielding
    heat of his mother's juicy cunt, the indescribably thrilling pressure was
    almost too much to bear. She was so tight around his desire-hardened young
    cock that Kevin gritted his teeth to keep from yelling. But the deeper he
    fucked her, the more his eager, skewering strokes were lubricated by the
    gushing warmth of his mother's love-juices. His deep, punishing thrusts
    slithered easily back and forth in her rubbery, cuntal grip. Soon, every
    inch of Kevin's stiff young cock was crammed into his mother's twat, and
    with each powerful lunge, his sperm-filled balls slapped hard against her
    throbbing clit.

       Lisa strained her ass at him, gasping with ecstasy at each fleshy slap of
    his muscular young body. Moments ago she had felt only shame and disgust at
    the thought of sexual intercourse with her own son. But now, with his eager
    cock deeply imbedded in her cunt, Lisa felt only intense sexual pleasure. As
    her son began fucking her in earnest, the shame and guilt of her depraved
    actions quickly vanished, replaced instead by hot, mindless passion. The sexy
    redhead soon became so highly aroused that she ignored everything around her
    and concentrated entirely on the long, hard shaft of fuck-muscle pistoning
    into her belly from behind. She shook her hot ass and whimpered loudly,
    encouraging her son with wild obscenities, using language that the boy had
    never in his life expected to hear spill from his mother's normally
    respectable lips.

       "Ooooh, Kevin!... Jesus, fuck me, baby!  Just ram your big cock right up
    Mommy's horny cunt and fuck the shit out of it! Ummmm, yeahhhh, really pound
    it up there, darling! Unnnnghhhh, shit! Fuck my hot, gooey snatch as hard as
    you can! OOOOOOOOOHHH, YEAHHHHHHH BABY, FUCK MY CUNT!"
    It aroused Kevin greatly to hear is mother talk dirty to him that way.
    Less than thirty minutes earlier she had been his prim and proper,
    well-dressed, well-educated mom.... now she was on all-fours in front of
    him, bare-assed naked and whimpering like a whore. It was just like the
    fantasies the horny young boy conjured up in his fevered brain each time
    he jerked off... fantasies that of late, invariably involved his gorgeous
    mother. Now it was all coming true, and Kevin still couldn't believe it...
    he was fucking his own mother!... Not only that, the sexy bitch was loving
    every minute of it!

       Kevin began fucking his mother with deep, powerful strokes and Lisa
    responded with unbridled passion, pushing her ass back against her son's
    loins in time with the boy's excited thrusts. Her big tits jiggled beneath
    her, the nipples erect and very, very hard, and each time Kevin's cock
    pistoned into her cunt, his mother's sloppy fuckhole made a loud slurping
    noise. His cockshaft was coated with her oily cunt-slime and shone in the
    light every time it emerged from her musky depths. Her juice gathered in a
    squishy wet circle around the base of his cock, matting his pubic hair.
       "You're tight, Mom!", panted Kevin, watching the way her hairy cuntlips
    clung to his cock. "... hot and wet and.. uhhhhhh oh, so fuckin' tight!"
       "Oooooh, I sure am, honey!... hot and wet for your hard cock! Uhhhhhh,
    yeahhhhhhh, keep on fucking me with your big, beautiful prick, baby!"

       Kevin parted his mother's ass, watching her asshole crinkle, the tiny
    rosebud of her anus puckering as he fucked her cunt.
       "Your asshole is making sucking motions, Mom!"
       "I know! It always does that when I'm getting fucked, honey!"
    Lisa's cunt stretched around her son's cock, and she began to shiver as she
    felt him fuck deeper. Knowing the boy was staring at her puckered asshole,
    and juicy cunt while he fucked her, gave Lisa a sudden depraved surge of
    of incestuous pleasure. She let out a soft cry when she felt his heavy balls
    brush her clit. Her cunt closed around his cock and she gave her naked
    ass a sexy wiggle.
       "Oh, Mom!", Kevin gasped, gripping her hips. He lunged back and forth,
    fucking his mother's cunt with deep, rapid strokes. Lisa moaned incessantly
    as her son's glistening cock almost became a blur, the wet slapping sounds
    of his thighs against her rippling ass adding immensely to their pleasure.

       Lisa couldn't believe how good her son's cock felt. He had always been
    big for his age, and on the several occasions she had noticed the large
    lump in the front of his pants, she had looked quickly away in guilty
    embarrassment. Even so, Lisa was a mature woman endowed with more than her
    fair share of sexual needs, especially when Dick was away on one of his
    extended business trips. At these times her husband's absence always worked
    hard on her and she invariably woke up horny, and stayed that way all day.
    And, having a handsome, well-built kid like Kevin around didn't help much
    either. Especially when he insisted on walking around the house in tight
    shorts or skimpy swimming trunks, neither of which did anything to hide the
    size and shape of his virile young prick. In fact, sometimes it was almost
    impossible for Lisa not to stare openly at her son's huge cock-bulge, and
    every time, a dark side of her mind couldn't help but wonder what Kevin's
    erect cock young would look like.... what it would feel like.

       Now, as her son fucked her wet, clinging twat with it, Lisa finally knew.
    It felt fantastic... incredible!  He was just as well-hung as his father,
    and from the way he was moving his cock around inside her cunt, he knew how
    to use it too. Lisa gyrated her hot ass back at him, twisting and grinding
    wantonly as her son pumped his long, hard cock in and out of her sopping
    cunthole.  Her tits swelled and her nipples ached... her sweaty, naked flesh
    burnt with hot, incestuous lust.
       "Fuck me, Kevin! Oh God, I'm so hot for your cock, baby! Uhhhhhh, yessss
    ram it in deep! Fuck my horny wet cunt as hard as you can!", whimpered Lisa.
    Her tits and ass wobbled with the force of Kevin's hard cock-thrusts as he
    fucked her savagely from behind. In return, Lisa's pussy contracted
    rhythmically around her son's cock, clasping and squeezing the thick,
    piercing shaft of muscle in a grip that soon had young Kevin moaning loudly
    with pleasure.

       Bobby smiled down at them, surprised at the ease with which he had been
    able to persuade mother and son to throw all taboos to the wind and simply
    fuck each other like nature had intended... for the sheer animal pleasure it
    gave them. On the bed across the room, the other two members of the family
    were similarly occupied, and Bobby's smile broadened as he watched Debby
    bouncing merrily up and down on her father's plunging cock. Excited by the
    results of his erotic handywork, Bobby turned his attention to the couch
    where Mandy and his mother were still entwined in a hot lesbian embrace.
    He stared longingly at Mandy's naked little ass as it bobbing enticingly
    above Cathy's face... the sight made his cock twitch. He moved towards the
    couch and knelt behind the girl, aiming his prick at her tiny, pink anus.

       "Open Mandy's asscheeks for me, Mom," ordered Bobby. "I'm gonna fuck her
    cute little butt while you finish sucking her cunt!"
    Cathy did as she was told, grabbing the child's tiny asscheeks with both
    hands and pulling them open for her son. She looked up between Mandy's
    thighs and watched Bobby insert the swollen tip of his cock into the girl's
    invitingly puckered  asshole. Her own mouth never left the girl's cunt, and
    as her son slowly drilled his cock into Mandy's tight, buttery shit-hole,
    Cathy felt the child's tiny cunt bulge and stretch around her tongue. Bobby
    pushed his hard, throbbing prick deep into the youngster's hot little
    asshole, stretching her slick shitter to the bursting point around the
    bowel-clogging thickness of his huge cock.

       "OOOOOOHHHHHH, GOD! AHHHHHHHHHGGGGGHHHH!", screamed Mandy at the sudden
    penetration. She wasn't prepared for it, and at first it hurt. But it wasn't
    long before Mandy's tight young asshole relaxed around the sudden intruder.
    By the time Bobby's pubic hair pressed against her asscheeks, Mandy's tender
    little shitter was well-stretched and lubricated. Bobby flexed his cock deep
    inside her bowels for several seconds, experiencing the intense pleasure of
    being buried to the balls in the child's gooey shit-tunnel. Then, he started
    humping, driving his cum-laden cock in and out of her quivering asscheeks.
       "Uhhhhhhhhhh, Jesus! That's fuckin' tight!", groaned Bobby, pumping in
    and out of the girl's ass with eager excitement. "I bet you've never had a
    cock up your shit-tube before, have you kid?"

       Mandy took her mouth off Cathy's pussy and turned to look at him.
       "No!... unghhhh!... this is the ohhhhhh!... first time!"
       "I thought so... a cherry ass!", grinned Bobby giving her hard little
    asscheeks a playful slap  "Well honey, it had to happen sooner or later.
    How does it feel to have ten inches of hard cock up your little shithole?"
       "Ummmmmm, it hurt a bit at first but now it feels good.... real good!"
       "I bet it does!", said Bobby smugly. "Get ready, kid, 'cause now I'm
    gonna give your hot little asshole a real good fucking!"
    Bobby started humping into her faster and faster, slamming his massive prick
    in and out of Mandy's rubbery anal orifice.

       Mandy returned her mouth to Cathy's matted crotch and continued sucking
    the woman's juice-filled cuntslit. At the same time, Bobby fucked her with
    deep, penetrating thrusts, gratifying her itchy, virgin ass-walls with the
    thickness of his long cock. Mandy was soon moaning loudly once more as she
    munched eagerly on Cathy's love-pie, this time in pleasure rather than pain.
    She felt Cathy's stiff tongue wiggle inside her own pussy, thrusting in and
    out in time with Bobby's pounding rhythm. Cathy reached up and grasped her
    son's naked buttocks, squeezing and fondling his tightly-clenched asscheeks
    as just above her face, Bobby rammed his cock into Mandy's elastic little
    asshole. Soon, mother and son were fucking and sucking the groaning,
    writhing child in unison, making the sofa creak and rock obscenely as the
    horny trio engaged in their first threeway cluster-fuck.

       Bobby felt his mother's hot breath on his balls each time he thrust into
    Mandy's clasping wet heat. Her mouth was plastered over the girl's tasty
    little gash, only inches from his hairy ball-bag as she sucked out Mandy's
    teenage juices. It made him hot for more intimate contact with his sexy
    mother.
       "Suck my balls, Mom!", he grunted, shoving his cock fully into Mandy's
    asshole and leaving it there. "Suck my balls and lick her cunt at the same
    time!"
    Cathy was only too happy to obey. She took her lips from Mandy's wet
    cuntslit and opened her lips wide, sucking Bobby's big, hairy balls into her
    mouth one at a time... first one, then the other.

       Bobby's scrotum was pressed tightly against Mandy's hairless cunt, so it
    was easy for his mother to cover both his balls and the girl's gleaming slit
    with with her warm, sticky saliva. She licked and sucked them both, eating
    cunt and balls simultaneously in a moaning blur of mouth and lips.
       "Damn, that feels good, Mom!", groaned Bobby as Cathy's hot tongue
    flicked over his hairy ball sack.
    Mandy thought so too, but with her lips otherwise occupied, the horny little
    thirteen-year-old could only moan out her pleasure into Cathy's juice-filled
    cunt. With a guttural cry, Bobby began to fuck her ass once more, deep and
    hard. At the same time, Cathy resumed lapping her dripping cuntslit, and
    Mandy's ecstasy snowballed.

       It was hard for the excited youngster to concentrate on sucking Cathy's
    pussy with so much incredible pleasure being generated between her own legs.
    As Bobby shoved his cock into her asshole, Cathy was driving her tongue up
    inside her cunt so stiffly it was like she was being fucked by two cocks at
    once. She felt the wonderful friction from both sources rub deliciously
    together through the thin membrane wall separating her tight pubescent
    fuck-holes. Mandy bucked her little crotch. And when Cathy's lips closed
    over her tiny erect clit, the child climaxed on the spot.
       "OHHHHHHHHH, I'M CUMMING!", she squealed, lifting her head from between
    Cathy's thighs. "OH, GOD! UHHHH, SHIT, I'M CUMMMING SO GOOD! YEAH, FUCK MY
    ASS... SUCK MY CUNT! OOOOOOOOH, JESUS! AHHHHHGGGHHHHHH!~

       From the way Mandy was jerking and convulsing, Bobby knew she was in the
    throes of a mind-blowing orgasm. She bucked her ass frantically onto his
    pounding cock, at the same time slamming her hairless drooling cuntslit down
    tighter against Cathy's sucking mouth. Bobby smiled as Mandy writhed and
    shrieked like a wild animal on the end of his cock. It was quite obvious
    to him that he'd made the right choice in letting the sexy little kid come
    along for the ride. She would provide hours of pleasure for his mother and
    himself, for as long as they wanted. He might even get his mother to adopt
    her... then he'd have a sister to fuck as well as a mother!

       Mandy's climax subsided and she fell forwards and collapsed on top of
    Cathy, completely exhausted by the tidal wave of orgasmic pleasure that had
    just washed through her slender young body. Bobby's cock slipped from her
    slippery little butthole with a loud sucking sound, glistening wet and stiff
    above his mother's face, still as hard as a rock.
       "No! Jesus, don't stop sucking my cunt, Mandy", shrieked Cathy. "I didn't
    come yet! I didn't come!"
    But Mandy was too exhausted to care and Cathy pushed her off. As Mandy
    tumbled to the floor, Cathy reached for her son's hard cock in consolation.
       Don't worry, Mom," panted Bobby turning around and crawling up between
    his mother's legs. "I'll bring you off."

       "Ummmm, you sweet darling," whimpered Cathy as she felt her son's big
    knob sliding in between her hot, juicy-wet pussylips. Both of them looked
    down to watch his meaty, cum-oozing cockhead pierce her cunt.
       "Oh, yeah, that's gorgeous!", she sighed. "Now, son, don't play around,
    just fuck the shit out of me!"
    To his mother's whimpering delight, Bobby proceeded to do so with the
    utmost speed and dexterity. Grunting loudly, he rammed his bloated cock
    back and forth into the hot, swampy hole between his mother's lust-swollen
    cuntlips, fucking her with hard, powerful stabs that almost took her breath
    away. Mandy looked up and watched in awe. Bobby was pummelling his mother's
    twat as hard as he could, really ramming it up her, and by the way Cathy was
    reacting, she couldn't get enough of it!
       "Oh, Bobby, you gorgeous bastard!", she panted. "Yeahhhh! Fuck me hard!
    Uhhhhhhh, sweetheart, fuck Mommy real hard!"

       Bobby reached under Cathy's straining asscheeks and lifted her crotch
    into the air for better penetration. Then, with a sudden burst of speed, he
    began to ram his massive prick rapidly into his mother's tight,
    well-lubricated cunthole. The sound of Bobby's large, sperm-filled balls
    slapping obscenely against the soft, wet crack of her ass filled the room.
       "Unnnhhh, Mom!", groaned Bobby, "Take my big cock, you hot, horny bitch!"
       "Ohhh, baby, yessssss! Fuck it in there! Fuck my cunt and make me come!"
    The feel of her young son's cock stretching and rippling the deliciously
    stretched walls of her cunt made Cathy scream with pleasure, and she began
    to buck and twist, hunching her hips up to meet his every thrust.

       On the floor beside the couch, little Mandy was following their every
    move with rising lust. Although she had only just recently achieved
    orgasm, the horny young girl found the sight of Bobby fucking his beautiful
    mother so vigourously was incredibly stimulating, and she quickly became
    just as hotly aroused as she had been only moments earlier. Leaning on one
    elbow, Mandy spread her legs wide apart and began rubbing the hot, sticky
    crevice between her hairless pussylips with the fingers of her other hand,
    imagining how good Bobby's big cock would feel rammed up her own tight,
    slippery little cunt. She watched longingly as Cathy thrust her hairy twat
    up to receive her son's long, deep cock-thrusts. Bobby was rhythmically
    screwing his rock-hard boner into her upthrust love-mound, oblivious to
    everything else in the world except his beautiful mother and her deliciously
    hot, wet, clinging cunt.

       On and on they fucked, Cathy's drooling twat sucking wetly on Bobby's
    juice-slickened shaft as his mammoth fuck-pole drilled in and out of
    her slippery, clasping slit. Cathy's lovely face was drawn back in a mask of
    mindless fuck-lust, contorted by the firey passions that coursed through her
    wildly fucking body. She too, was aware of nothing else except the
    unbelievable ecstasy she was feeling in her cock-filled cunt. The rock
    hardness of her son's virile young prick pounding incessantly into the hot,
    clinging wetness between her legs was driving Cathy wild. She could feel the
    hot, viscous fuck-juices oozing out from between her prick-squeezed cuntlips
    and running down over the firm cheeks of her naked, squirming ass.

       "Oh, Bobby!", she cried, clinging to her son. "That's the way to fuck me,
    honey! Ooooooooh, yeahhhhhh! FUCK ME! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK MEEEEEEEEE!"
    Bobby drilled his cock into his mother's swollen, pouting cunt with a
    fury that thrilled them both. Her flushed, excited body was filled with
    such heat that it was literally scalding his plunging pecker.
       "Fuck, baby, fuck!", she squealed.
    Lifting her widely splayed legs, Cathy threw the back of her knees over
    Bobby's broad, muscular shoulders, offering even more of her deliciously
    assaulted slit to him.
       "Ooooh, you big fuckin' stud!", she gasped up at her son. "You're gonna
    make me come soon, baby....uhhhhh! uhhhh, yeah!.... gonna make me come!"

       Further excited by his mother's wild squeals of passion, Bobby began
    pounding his prick deeper and harder into her hot, slurping hole. He
    clutched the naked, writhing woman in his arms as Mandy looked on. By now,
    the horny little kid had two stiff fingers working frantically in her
    hotly-aroused young pussy, finger-fucking herself as she watched them fuck.
    Bobby thrust harder into his mother's squirming belly, feeling his big blunt
    cockhead pound solidly against the very end of her cunt. Cathy nearly came
    on the spot when she felt her son's bloated prick-head reach the depths of
    her womb. Instead she scissored her ankles together high across his back and
    started humping as fast as she could, whining and whimpering shamelessly
    as she hunched her hot, drippy pussy onto the root of her son's huge prick.

      "Oh, sweet Jesus!", Cathy screamed with passion. "I love your big, fat
    cock, Bobby! Ram it up my belly, son! Fuck mommy's cunt as hard as you can!
    Ohhh yeah, make me come, Bobby, darling!... Mommy want's to come! Uhhhhh,
    it's so good.... so good! OH FUCK!... FUCK... FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!"
    Harder and faster, Bobby fucked his prick loving mother's cunt, the couch
    squeaking in protest beneath them, her tender pussy-hole squishing audibly
    as it sucked needfully on his prick.
       "Unnnnnnhhhhh, I'm close, Mom!", warned Bobby, feeling the unmistakable
    signs of orgasm rumbling up from his swollen balls.
    Cathy felt the boy's fuck-rod pulsing ever more stiffly inside her pussy,
    and knew that her son would soon spray her cunt full with a big load of
    hot, gushing jizz.

       "Uhhh, yessss baby, harder!" She clawed his back with her fingernails,
    grasping his gyrating ass-cheeks in a desperate attempt to get his cock
    further up her cunt. "I'm gonna come too, baby! Harder! Keep fucking my
    pussy, Bobby! Oh, please, make Mommy cum all over your big, hard prick!"
    Bobby fucked his shameless mother as fast and as hard as he could, driving
    her ass into the couch as he relentlessly stroked his massive fuck-pole into
    her gushing, open pussy. In and out his giant prick sawed, in a blur,
    seeming to pleasure a different part of his mother's heated pussy with every
    thrust. Cathy humped with all the energy in her loins, crying and panting as
    cum-spasms erupted deep up inside her raging cunt.

       "I'm cumming, Bobby!", shrieked the lust-crazed beauty. "Cream me, baby!
    Squirt me! Fill momma's cunt with your hot sperm, baby!"
    Bobby felt his own ejaculation rapidly approaching and drove his throbbing
    boner deep into his mother's spasming cunt, bringing the screaming woman to
    the very brink of hysteria. Her pussy exploded, spewing fuck-oils all over
    Bobby's hammering prick, her hairy fuck-hole spasming and contracting
    repeatedly around his cock. Unable to hold back a second longer, Bobby gave
    her one last lunge, burying his prick to the balls in her belly as a torrent
    of white-hot jism exploded into her creaming pussy.
       "That's it, you sweet bastard!", Cathy screamed when she felt her son's
    thick, gooey cum splattering deep up inside her cunt. "Come in me, Bobby!...
    Yeah, give it all to me..... squirt it up my hot fuckin' snatch, baby!"

       Bobby's prick jerked and quivered deep inside his mother's pussy as it
    spewed out his hot, salty goo. Cathy couldn't seem to get enough of her
    boy's wildly spurting cock.
       "Oooooooooooooooooooooh, sweet baby!", she sobbed as her convulsing cunt
    continued climaxing around his prick. "Keep squirting, honey! That fuckin'
    stuff feels so good!"
    Cathy loved the feel of her son's hot come splashing deep inside her pussy,
    deluging her cunt with a shower of incestuous white spunk. Dazedly, she
    flexed her twat-muscles around his squirting prick, helping her hung
    son shoot out every drop of his precious jism. Deliciously exhausted, Bobby
    lay perfectly still over his mother's soft, naked body while her cunt pulled
    and sucked on his dick. He remained there until the last drop of cum had
    been siphoned from his balls.

       "Man, that was a good one!", Bobby said grinning down at his panting
    mother as he popped his wet cock out of her drenched pussy. "You really know
    how to fuck up a storm, Mom... Shit, I must have come a fucking gallon!"
    Cathy lay back gasping, as Bobby's milky jism trickled from her gaping cunt.
       "Mmmmmmmmmm, look what you did to me, baby." murmured Cathy, prying the
    wet, hairy lips of her pussy wide apart with her fingers. "Have you ever
    seen such a well-fucked cunt in your life?"
       "No, Mom" grinned Bobby, slipping a finger into her drooling slit. "Not
    since the last time I fucked it, that is."
    A wanton feeling of utter contentment flowed through Cathy's loins as her
    son fucked his finger expertly in and out of her ravished cuntslit. She
    smiled up at him, flexing her twat-muscles around his wiggling digit.

       "Ohhhhh, Bobby," she giggled shamelessly. "Keep that up, honey, and
    you're gonna have to bring me off again!"
       "Later, Mom. We've got all night, remember," he said with a grin.
    Bobby pulled his fingers from his mother's gooey cunt and stood up, moving
    across the room to the table. Mandy clambered back up onto the couch
    and promptly pressed her pretty face between Cathy's open thighs, licking
    Bobby's creamy jism out of his mother's cunt with eager swipes of her
    hot little tongue. At the same time, the horny youngster was bringing
    herself off with her hand, frantically shoving one, then two stiffened
    fingers deep into her hot, hairless little fuck-hole, moaning out her
    excitement into Cathy's juicy wet cuntflesh.
       "Ooooooh, you sweet little darling!", sighed Cathy. "Suck it, Mandy!
    Yeahhhh, that's it, baby! Suck it all out! Suck that stuff right out of my
    hot juicy snatch! Uhhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmm!"

       Munching on an apple he found in the bowl on the table, Bobby sat down
    and looked about the room like a king surveying his subjects, smiling with
    lascivious satisfaction at the family orgy taking place in front of him.
    Son fucking mother, father fucking daughter, and his own mother having his
    cum licked from her cunt by a beautiful thirteen-year-old nymphette with an
    insatiable craving for cock.... it was absolute sexual heaven. Bobby sat
    back and watched young Kevin sticking it to his gorgeous mother. He grinned
    wickedly, knowing only too well what fantastic feelings the lucky kid must
    be experiencing as he fucked his own mother for the first time. And, despite
    her previous objections, Lisa seemed to be enjoying it too. Her back was
    arched wantonly, her legs were spread wide, and at every stroke of her son's
    cock, the pretty red-head hunched her ass backwards against him, impaling
    her tight, lust-slickened cunt on the boy's prick like a woman possessed.

       "Unnngghhh!", Lisa moaned loudly. "I'm gonna come soon, honey! Ooooooh,
    Kevin, you're fucking the come out of Mommy's cunt! Uhnngghh, yeah, fuck it!
    Fuck momma's hot, juicy cunt with your big, fat prick, baby! Fuck it hard!"
    Kevin obliged. He pulled back and hovered for an agonizing moment, then
    drove home again, hard and hot. And kept driving, panting hard, giving his
    mother every inch of his huge cock with maximum impact. Lisa stiffened
    her arms and braced herself against her son's ferocious onslaught. Waves of
    delicious heat emanated from her cunt and began coursing though her body as
    Kevin fucked her relentlessly, pulling hard on her hips as his cock stabbed
    long and deep, way up into her belly. His mother's cunt-sheath pulled and
    sucked on his cock like a tiny wet mouth and Bobby gasped with pleasure.
       "Uhhhhhhhh, Mom! I love your cunt! I love fucking your hot, wet cunt!"
       "Oh, baby! I love it too", replied Lisa, grinding her hips back onto her
    son's swollen love-spike. "God help me, Kevin, but I love your big cock
    fucking my cunt too, sweetheart!"
       "Oh, Mom! Oh, baby!"

       Kevin shut his eyes and clenched his teeth. His orgasm began to build
    as he fucked his squirming, moaning mother with hard, deeply penetrating
    strokes that jarred her slender frame to the bone. Lisa's own orgasm was
    approaching fast, but she was not yet beyond the point of no return... all
    she had to do was try and hold out until her son was ready to fill her
    cunt with hot, creamy cum, then as she always did with her husband, she
    would let herself go and enjoy her orgasm to the fullest while his prick
    jerked and spat within her hot, quivering fuck-hole. kevin began to pant
    and strain, driving his fat cock into his mother's cunt with a vengeance.
    Lisa was moaning for him to come. Kevin kept grunting "yes, yes" through
    gritted teeth. Within seconds, the boy was so close to orgasm that he
    couldn't have stopped it even if he wanted to. He threw back his head and
    yelled, fucking his bulging prick into his mother's hot, gooey cunt with
    jerky uncontrollable movements.

       Lisa felt her son's huge cock swell and buck inside her as he came. It
    was all the pretty redhead needed to push her over the edge too, and she
    came just as the first powerful spurts of Kevin's hot sperm entered her
    cunt.
    "AHHHHHHHGGGHHHHHHH! JESUS! I'M COMING!...UHHH,FUCK! I'M COMMMMMING, MOM!"
    Lisa was coming too, and the pleasure was so intense, she didn't ever want
    it to stop. Her pussy erupted all over his racing cock, spewing fuck-oils
    onto the thick driving shaft. Bobby fucked his mother's pussy as fast as
    he could, wincing as her hot cunt spasmed repeatedly around his prick. Her
    cunt-muscles gripped the boy's jerking stalk in strong rhythmic contractions
    that proceeded to milk the molten load of jism from his swollen young balls.
       "Fuck me, fuck me!", Lisa yelled, over and over, as the orgasm raced
    through her naked body. She humped madly back at her well-hung son,
    savouring every last spasming contraction of her cum.

       As Bobby's wild, incestuous load filled her belly, Lisa moaned happily,
    grinding her furry pussy-slit back onto the root of her son's prick. When
    his cock began to wilt inside her, Lisa slumped forwards and the boy's
    massive fuck-rod slid from her tight cunt with a wet plopping sound. She
    turned over and pulled her son down onto the floor with her, hugging him
    in a tender, loving embrace.
       "Oh, Kevin!", she murmured into his neck, "What have we done, baby?...
    Jesus, what have we done?"
       "We fucked, Mom," said Kevin smiling into his mother's glazed eyes. "I
    fucked your cunt and made you come! Didn't you like it? You seemed to like
    it!"
       "Baby, that's the problem... I liked it a lot!"
       "I don't understand, Mom."
       "Kevin, honey, what we did was wrong," explained Lisa. "no matter how
    much we both liked it, it's still wrong."

       "I don't care, Mom," said Kevin stroking his mother's damp boobs. "I love
    you and I want to fuck you again!"
       "Kevin!", exclaimed Lisa trying to push her boy away. "Don't say that!
    Besides you can't want it again so soon after....."
    Lisa's words stuck in her throat when she felt her son's cock brush against her
    her naked thigh. He wanted it again alright.... his cock was rock-hard and
    throbbed against her leg with insistent heat. Just lying next to his mother
    and stroking her tits had gotten him up again.  Well, Lisa thought, he is a
    teenage boy, approaching in his sexual prime, it's only natural.
    Inquisitively, she reached between their bodies and felt for his cock.
    A gasp of delight escaped Lisa's lips as she felt the hard, throbbing
    thickness of the her son's erection, still sticky with her own fuck-juices.
       "Jesus, Kevin!", she moaned under her breath.


                                  Chapter 9

       Lisa stroked her son's huge hard-on a couple of times before she
    realized what she was doing. Then, the pangs of shame and guilt hit her
    again and she removed her hand from the boy's cock like it had just
    been burned. She tried to push her son away from her, but either he was
    too strong for her, or her heart really wasn't in it, either way, Kevin
    held her in his arms and began to run his hands hotly over her soft,
    naked flesh with a familiarity that both frightened and excited her at
    the same time.

       "Kevin, don't do that, honey," Lisa protested weakly as she felt
    her son's insistent fingers straying towards her furry crotch. Kevin
    had reached his mother's cuntmound and was just about to dip his
    fingers into her drooling slit when a voice boomed loudly above them.

       "Well, well, well!", said Bobby with a lewd grin. "Aren't you two a
    regular pair of lovebirds."

       Lisa scrambled away from her son and tried to cover her nakedness
    with little success, unable to keep her eyes off the big limp cock
    dangling between the boy's muscular thighs.

       "On your feet Red!", ordered Bobby. "Get over there on the bed and
    watch your old man sticking it to your cock-hungry slut of a daughter."

       Lisa moved to obey, but she was too slow, and Bobby grabbed her arm,
    dragging the woman roughly to her feet. He held her naked body against
    him and ran a hand down over the crack of Lisa's pert, rounded ass,
    seeking out her pussy from behind. His fingers slid easily into the
    warm sticky wetness of her aroused cuntslit.

       "Hmmmmmmm, fucking your kid has sure got you all nice and hot, huh
    Red?", grinned Bobby. "Yeah, just the way a cunt should always be....
    hot and wet and ready for a good hard fuck! Would you like that,
    gorgeous? Would you like me to fuck you? huh?"

       Lisa gulped and nodded her head dumbly. Despite the fear and anger
    she felt for Bobby, she was also very excited and her wet, itchy cunt
    responded automatically to the boy's expert manipulations.

       "Yeah, I thought as much," gloated Bobby. "A hot, sexy piece of ass
    like you needs to be fucked morning, noon and night, don't you babe?"
    Lisa said nothing, and Bobby grabbed her by the back of the neck, his
    face close to hers.

       "Answer me, fuck you!", he growled, "I said... you just can't get
    enough hot fucking can you?"

       "N... no! No, I can't", whimpered Lisa, grinding her naked cuntmound
    against Bobby's stroking fingers. She felt ashamed at what she'd just
    admitted, not because he had been made to say it, but because deep down
    inside Lisa she knew it was true!

       "Well, honey, stick around and I'll make sure you get all the cock
    you can handle!", boasted Bobby, drilling two fingers into the woman's
    tight cunthole.

       Lisa slumped against the boy's chest and moaned softly into his
    neck, enjoying the deep penetration. Bobby twisted his fingers round
    and round in her dripping cuntslit until her hot, sticky juices coated
    his exploring digits. Then, he removed his hand from her twat and stuck
    both fingers into his mouth. Bobby watched her reaction as he sucked
    the aromatic cocktail of jism and cunt-cream into his mouth, licking
    his glistening fingers clean.

    "Mmmm, mmmmm, real tasty, Red!", he said licking his lips lewdly. "Yeah!
    In fact, you're so damn tasty, baby, I think I'll eat out your sweet
    little honey-pot before I fuck it. Now, get on the bed!" Bobby looked
    at Kevin.

       "You too, Hero! Maybe you'll learn something," he grinned, "Yeah,
    why don't you give your Mom a mouthful of prick. It'll keep the horny
    bitch quiet while I suck out her snatch."

       Bobby marched them both towards the bed where Debby was still
    bouncing excitedly up and down on her father's stiff cock. Lisa stared
    with jealous eyes as her husband fucked their fourteen-year-old
    daughter with altogether too much relish. Even though she had just had
    her son's cock plowing up her slick cunt, and enjoyed it immensely,
    Lisa still felt angry at the way her husband and daughter were
    obviously revelling in the carnal delights of their wild, incestuous
    fuck. Kevin was jealous too... jealous that his father was getting to
    fuck his cute sister and he wasn't. He looked at Debby's cock-filled
    little cuntmound with a hungry gaze, wishing that it was his long, hard
    cock slamming repeatedly up into his sister's tight, clinging
    cunt-sheath instead of his father.

       Kevin watched in awe and rising desire as his cute little sister
    bucked and bounced her tightly-stretched slit up and down on her
    father's cock, surprised that the oversized prick thrusting up between
    her slender thighs wasn't splitting her tightly packed young cunt in
    two. But the look on Debby's face told her brother that she was
    receiving nothing but intense pleasure from the thick, blue-veined
    monster that plugged her tiny little cunthole. Kevin eyed off the rest
    of his sister's slim, sexy body, taking in her pert, hard-nippled tits
    and shapely rounded buttocks. Her tits were so firm, they hardly
    jiggled as she moved. Instead, they thrust proudly outwards from her
    chest without a trace of sag, the nipples erect and slightly upturned.
    Kevin could hardly wait his chance to suck the tender, pink buds into
    his mouth.

       Bobby pushed Lisa onto her back on the bed and motioned for Kevin
    to join her. The excited teenager did as he was instructed, eager for
    more sex. He sat down beside his mother, resting his naked thigh
    against her shoulder. Lisa's big tits wobbled and separated as she
    moved to a better position with her head between her son's thighs. Her
    legs fell apart as she felt his hard young cock brush against her
    cheek. She reached up and grabbed it, stroking her fingers up and down
    the smooth, hard shaft of throbbing muscle. Kevin moaned and reached
    for his mother's tits, squeezing gently.

       "Yeah, that's it!", panted Bobby, sliding a couple of fingers up
    Lisa's open cunt. "Shit, you two catch on quick don't you?... Now, put
    your cock in her mouth, kid and give your horny Mom a good long taste!"
    Kevin hunched his hips forwards and pressed his cock against his
    mother's warm, parted lips.

       Lisa ran her tongue over her son's swollen cock-flesh, then dipped
    the tip into his seeping piss-hole, licking away at the adolescent
    pre-cum. Then she closed her lips around his cock, sinking down, taking
    it all the way into her mouth, her lips on the base her tongue pushing
    it to the roof of her mouth. Kevin moaned softly, one hand on the back
    of his mother's head, the other squeezing her tits. Lisa sucked up and
    down, her lips tight as her tongue licked. She sucked her son's cock
    slowly, enjoying the hot throb of it inside her mouth.

       "Ohhhhhhh, Jesus that's nice, Mom!" Kevin groaned as she gave his
    cock a series of long, hard sucks. "Mmmmmmmmm, I can't wait to come in
    your mouth!"

       "That's it, Hero, fuck her face! She loves it!" said Bobby.
    grinning down at them with a lewd, wicked smile. He fucked his fingers
    into Lisa's gaping cunt with deep, hard strokes, making the woman moan
    loudly around her son's big prick. Her excited pussy was getting hotter
    and wetter by the second, just the way Bobby like it. He knelt between
    her thighs and bent his head low.

       "Spread your legs, baby," he ordered. "...'cause now that it's good
    and wet, I'm gonna suck your juicy little fur-pie dry!" And without
    another word, he dipped his head and began licking her belly, her
    matted cunt-bush, her upper thighs. He left trails of saliva all over
    her flawless skin.

       Lisa loved being eaten almost as much as she loved hard cock, but
    her husband seldom indulged her. Dick preferring instead to fuck his
    lovely wife in a variety of positions, coaxing her to orgasm after
    orgasm with his big cock. So, even though she seldom went unsatisfied,
    Lisa sometimes longed for her husband to pleasure her orally, to kiss
    her down there, between her legs, to suck her clit hard, and lick the
    full length of her gooey slit with his tongue... just like Bobby was
    doing right now. Lisa loved the feel of the boy's experienced mouth on
    the hot, aching flesh of her pussy. His fingers were on the wet hairy
    lips, prying them apart. Then, his tongue dipped inside, licking and
    teasing all the oily, pink cuntflesh. The pleasure was so intense, Lisa
    took her mouth from her son's cock for a second and looked down at
    Bobby.

       "Oooooooooh, yes! Suck it! Suck it, you gorgeous bastard! Suck my
    cunt!" Sweet melty feelings were soaring up between her legs. Her belly
    fluttered wildly. She wanted to tell Bobby how good it felt to have his
    tongue and lips on her aching cunt, but Kevin was too impatient. He
    grabbed his mother's head rather roughly and pushed her mouth back onto
    his prick.

       "Come on, Mom!", he whined. "Shit, keep sucking my fuckin' cock!"
    Lisa became even more excited by her young son's profanity and greedily
    plunged her lips over his prick. She opened her mouth as wide as she
    could, nearly choking herself as she forced his mighty hard-on down her
    gullet and sucked hard. Kevin moaned.

       "Ummmmmmmmmmmm, Mom!  Ohhhhhhhh, fuck, yeahhhhhhh!"

       The intense pleasure of his mother's cock-sucking was like nothing
    the boy had ever experienced. Sure, he'd had his cock sucked before.
    At his school even the girls that were too young to fuck, sucked cock.
    But even the best of them were rank amateurs compared to the way his
    horny mom was going down on him. Kevin sighed and settled back on the
    pillows, smiling as he watched his naked mother lovingly suck his
    prick. Lisa slurped loudly on her child's tasty young cock. Gripping
    the rock-hard stem in her fist, Lisa began pumping her hand swiftly up
    and down as she sucked, beating her son's cock-meat into her hot, eager
    mouth.

       Between her gaping thighs, Bobby's mouth was all over the horny
    mom's drooling twat, licking up her spicy pussy-juice with obvious
    relish. His stiff, wiggling tongue probed every inch of her mound,
    slicing through her narrow, juicy slit from asshole to clit and back
    again in a deliciously slow, sensual rhythm that soon had the horny
    redhead climbing the walls.

       "Uhhh! Oooh, fucking Jesus, that feels good!", Lisa whimpered
    between juicy slurps on her son's cock.

       "Ummmmmmmmmm, tastes good too," replied Bobby, lifting his mouth
    from her gooey slit. "Your ripe little cunt is real good eating stuff,
    baby!" Lisa shivered with excitement and hunched her hips up at the
    youth's juice-smeared face.

       "Then get your mouth back down there and suck it, you teasing
    bastard!"

       Bobby just grinned and plunged his face into the swampy warmth of
    Lisa's upthrust crotch, his lips and tongue immediately attacking her
    glistening, pink cuntal flesh with renewed vigour. Lisa dropped a hand
    down to the back of Bobby's head and pushed his face deeper into her
    open gash. She left it there, controlling the pressure of his mouth on
    her cunt, just as her other hand controlled the speed and depth of her
    son's eager thrusts into her cock-sucking mouth. Kevin was close to
    coming. He closed his eyes and thrust deep into his mother's mouth,
    literally fucking her pretty face with his rock-hard prick.

       "Uhhhh, Mom!", he yelled loudly. "I'm close! Ohhh yeah, suck it!
    Suck it hard! Ahhhhhhhhhhhgghhhhhhhhh!"

       Debby heard her brother's cry of lust, and for the first time since
    the others had joined them on the bed, the hot young teenager noticed
    that they were not alone. She had been totally engrossed in fucking
    herself senseless on her father's huge, plunging penis.

       From the first deep, wondrous penetration, her father's huge prick
    had filled Debby's tight little pussy to the brim, his long, hard
    thickness stretching her tiny cunt-slit beyond anything the youngster
    had ever experienced before, yet she couldn't seem to get enough of it.
    In fact, her father's swiftly stabbing shaft induced such a feeling of
    extreme sensual rapture, that for a long time Debby was unconscious of
    anything, except the massive hardness pounding incessantly between her
    slender thighs. How she stared with wide, excited eyes as beside her,
    her brother fucked his cock into their mother's mouth.

       Kevin's cock looked much bigger than she remembered, long and thick
    and very, very hard... just like her father's. Debby felt waves of
    excitement and passion flood her system, for although she had seen her
    brother's gorgeous cock when they were younger, this was the first time
    she had seen it in action, and it thrilled her immensely. Debby was so
    turned on by the sight of her brother's lust-bloated prick sliding back
    and forth in her mother's sucking mouth that she couldn't control
    herself.

       "Uhhhhhhhhh, fuck me hard Daddy!", she whimpered. "I'm gonna come
    again!" Debby was easily aroused, and to her father's delight, the
    horny youngster had climaxed twice already, her squirming little pussy
    bathing his cock each time in a deluge of hot, oily lubrication.

       "Oh, yeah!", groaned Dick, feeling his daughter's third orgasm rip
    through her slender, quaking body. Each climax seemed bigger and more
    intense than the last, and Dick marvelled at the way the girl could
    come so hard one second, yet be instantly aroused the next. He also
    marvelled at the fact that he hadn't come himself!

       Fucking his daughter's tight, wet little pussy was a wet dream come
    true, but for some strange reason Dick wasn't even close to orgasm.
    His cock was rock-hard, and sometimes felt like it was about to blow
    any second, yet every time his cute little daughter climaxed, his
    stamina seemed to return and Dick simply fucked her some more till she
    whimpered and came again... it was that easy!

       "Fuck me, Debby, honey!", groaned Dick as he watched her tiny
    cuntlips grip and suck at his thick, bulbous cock. "Ummmmmmmm, yeah
    baby, bounce that sweet little cunt up and down on Daddy's big prick!"
    Debby looked down at the juncture of their bodies where her father's
    bloated cock disappeared between the clasping lips of her pussy. Her
    cunt was tight and clinging.

       "Oooooh, I will!", she squealed happily. "Watch it go in, Daddy!
    Ungghhh, God, your cock is so big, it feels so good! Fuck me, Daddy!
    Fuck me hard!" Dick couldn't believe it, she was only fourteen years
    old, still a baby, yet she was acting like a goddamn whore, her lewd
    dialogue betraying the repressed adolescent desires which had for so
    long been locked deep inside her horny young mind.

       "Ram it to her, Dad!", gasped Kevin, watching them closely. "Fuck
    her real good!"

       As he spoke, Kevin punctuated his words with deep, savage thrusts of
    his man-sized pecker into his mother's mouth. Dick looked down at his
    beautiful, naked wife, her mouth was stuffed full of his son's cock and
    she was moaning and squirming, obviously enjoying the dual stimulation
    she was receiving from Bobby and Kevin.

       "Suck, Bobby, suck! Oh, you sweet, gorgeous cunt-licker! I'm coming!
    GOD! I'MMMM CUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMINGG!"

       And suck her he did. Opening his mouth wide, Bobby gave Lisa's
    spasming cunt a good, deep frenching. He sucked her clit into his mouth
    and flicked it repeatedly with his tongue. Lisa almost fainted with
    pleasure. She began to suck furiously on her son's throbbing prick
    which she had unfortunately neglected while the fires of orgasm rushed
    over her sweaty, naked body. Kevin felt his balls begin to swell as his
    mother's vacuuming mouth and tightly sucking lips pulled him over the
    edge too. It was like fucking a hot, wet, sucking cunt.

       The boy suddenly hunched forward, plunging his cock all the way into
    his mother's throat as he climaxed. Lisa felt the hot, sticky cum
    squirt from the end of her son's cock and moaned loudly as she tried to
    gulp it all down, but a small trickle escaped her lips and dripped onto
    her tits.

       Before Lisa had a chance to recover, Bobby pulled her to her knees
    and unceremoniously stuffed his rock-hard cock into the woman's cunt
    doggy style.

       "Suck him off again!", he grunted, slamming his long prick deep into
    Lisa's tight, clasping cunthole. "Blow the fuckin' little hero again
    while I get my rocks off in your hot, wet cunt, bitch!"

        Lisa eagerly pulled Kevin's hips back to her mouth and began to
    suck her son's semi-hard prick back to life. It didn't take much lip
    action before young Kevin was as hard as a rock again. Lisa swallowed
    his glistening, pink shaft noisily, all the while hunching her hips
    back against Bobby's deeply plunging prick.

       Beside them, Dick was still fucking Debby powerfully, guiding his
    horny young daughter from one climax to another. He could feel her
    little cunt-walls contract tightly around his cock with her every
    orgasm. Despite the circumstances, the combination of fucking his
    daughter's tight, little-girl cunt and the fact that his wife was
    sucking his son's cock while some punk kid doggy-fucked her right
    beside him was a tremendous turn-on. Dick soon felt a mighty climax
    racing upwards from his balls, engulfing him like a tidal wave.

       "UHHHHHHHH! FUCK! I'M CUMMMMING, BABY!", he yelled, "OOOHHHH,
    YEAHHHH, CUMMING IN YOUR TIGHT FUCKIN' CUNT!"

       Debby squealed with pleasure as she felt her father's cock, swell
    and squirt deep up inside her, flooding her womb with jet after jet of
    hot, creamy cum. She squirmed and writhed beneath him, bucking her
    skinny little hips up to receive his precious load. When her father
    began rapidly fucking her pussy like a jackhammer, Debby climaxed
    again, almost fainting from the indescribably intense pleasure washing
    through her naked young body.

       Bobby was cumming too, slamming his cock into Lisa's cunt so hard,
    she couldn't keep her mouth on her son's prick properly. Kevin grabbed
    his mother's head and forced his straining cock deeper down her throat.

       "Come on! Suck it hard, Mom!", he groaned. "Shit! I'm almost there!"

       Lisa swallowed hard, letting her throat muscles massage her son's
    cock. She could hardly concentrate on sucking him with Bobby fucking
    her so viciously. But it was wonderful! Her cunt had never felt so full
    or so deliciously ravaged. She moaned loudly into her son's hairy
    crotch as she felt another orgasm overtake her quivering body.

       Bobby's jism splattered into Lisa's cunt just as Kevin's second load
    filled her eagerly sucking mouth. She was being injected with hot,
    creamy sperm from both ends and it felt fantastic. Her cunt contracted
    around Bobby's cock as she came, literally pumping the cum from the
    kid's balls. Her mouth did the same on her son's tasty prick, and she
    sucked and licked it until it began to soften slightly between her
    lips. Bobby pulled his juice-coated cock from Lisa's cunt with a slurp
    and let her body fall forwards onto the bed. Her face was still in her
    son's crotch as she licked the last drops of stray sperm from his furry
    balls. The young fugitive looked down at the family he held captive and
    grinned.

       "Yeahhhh! Not bad! Not bad at all!", he muttered, gazing down at
    them. His plan had turned out to be much easier than he'd expected. The
    four family members were so hot for each other, Bobby was surprised
    they hadn't started to fuck each other long before this. Maybe they
    just didn't have an excuse, he thought to himself with an evil grin.

       Bobby turned to the sofa where Mandy and his mother were still
    hungrily sucking each other's cunts. He watched as Mandy pulled her
    lips off Cathy's saturated snatch and plunged three fingers into the
    woman's juice-filled fuckhole. At the sudden, delicious penetration,
    Cathy moaned into the young girl's cunt.

      "Ohhh, baby! Yeahhhh! More!", she gasped.

      Mandy inserted another finger into the groaning woman's gaping cunt,
    prompting Cathy to squeal with delight.

      "Yesssss! Oh, fuck yesssss!", hissed Cathy, "God! Put your whole hand
    up there and fuck me with it, baby!"

       Mandy did as she was instructed, making a small fist and pushing it
    into the older woman's gaping cunthole. Bobby stared as the girl's fist
    disappeared into his mother's cunt up to the wrist. He moved up behind
    young Mandy, stroking his cock to hardness. Her firm little butt was
    poking up into the air as she concentrated on fist-fucking Cathy.
    Bobby's cock was rock-hard again in no time. He eased himself onto the
    couch behind Mandy and grabbed her skinny little hips, aiming his huge,
    bloated cockhead at the thirteen-year-old's sensuously parted cuntlips.

       Without warning, Bobby lunged forward, burying his cock in the
    little girl's upraised snatch with one powerful thrust. Mandy squealed
    and hunched her ass back onto Bobby's belly, eager for him to fuck her
    again. As Bobby pistoned his cock in and out of her clinging little
    cunt, Mandy fucked his mother with her tiny fist, causing all three of
    them to moan and groan in a loud chorus of wild uninhibited lust.

       On the bed the captive family watched. Debby was still lying in her
    father's arms, his limp sticky cock lying wetly along her creamy,
    young thigh. Lisa lay groggily beside her son, her head on his stomach,
    one hand playing idly with the boy's limp, well-used cock. All eyes
    were on the incredible scene of depravity across the room.

       Cathy was lifting her hips up off the sofa as Mandy thrust her fist
    into her cunt. Her eyes were wide open, staring at the young girl's
    hand fucking in and out of her wide-stretched pussy-hole. Bobby was
    fucking the girl with a passion, wrenching her tiny, round ass back
    against his spearing cock again and again. His own hips were almost
    stationary, he was literally using her tight little cunt to masturbate
    his cock.

       "Uhhhhh! Fuck, my cunt! Fuck it, baby! Fuck me with your fist!",
    urged Cathy, grabbing the girl's arm as it drove in and out of her
    pussy. She was close to orgasm.

       "Yeahhhh! Fuck her, Mandy!", grunted Bobby. "Fist-fuck my mom while
    I screw your fuckin' cunt! Uhhhhhh! God, you're a hot little fuck!
    Uhhhh... tight... hot... wet... Yeahhhh, fuck it back at me, kid! Fuck
    yourself on my big fat pole! Grab a twatful of prick, you horny little
    cunt!"

       Cathy screamed and used both hands to thrust Mandy's clenched fist
    up her convulsing cunt as she climaxed around the girl's hand. In the
    same instant, Mandy felt her own orgasm explode between her legs as
    Bobby's pounding cock forced her over the edge.

       "UUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHH! JEEEESUS! FUUUUUCCKKK! MEEEEE!", screamed
    Cathy.

       "OOOOOHHHH, YESSSSS! BOBBY! FUCK MY CUNT! FUCK MY CUNT! GOD! SHIT!
    FUCK!"

       Bobby, felt the girl's body stiffen and shudder in climax and
    stepped up the power of his cunt thrusts, guiding her through a
    soul-wrenching multiple orgasm. As long as Bobby pumped his prick into
    her tight, constricting hole, Mandy seemed to just keep on cumming. He
    kept her there for another minute or so before allowing himself to
    shoot deep up inside the quivering girl's belly.

       When Bobby finally pulled his prick out of Mandy's cunt, the girl
    slumped forward, collapsing in a heap beside Cathy who was staring
    dreamily at her son's cum-streaked cock.

       "Come over her and let Momma clean you off, honey!", grinned Cathy,
    holding her hands out to her son.

       Bobby stood in front of his seated mother and held onto the back of
    her head as she popped his glistening prick into her mouth and began to
    suck the slimy thing like a lollypop. Mandy lifted her head and ran her
    tongue along Cathy's thigh, licking up the copious amounts of
    cunt-juice that her fist-fucking had released. When Bobby's cock failed
    to harden in her mouth, Cathy looked up at him and smiled.

       "All fucked out, baby?", she asked.

       "Shit, Mom! After what we've been doing all day, what do you fuckin'
    expect!", grinned Bobby, slapping her face with his limp cock. "I think
    it's time for something to eat. What do you say?"

       Cathy nodded and got up, leaving Mandy to doze on the sofa. She
    walked towards the four on the bed and pointed at the two women.

       "Okay, you two horny bitches! On your feet!"

       Lisa and Debby got gingerly to their feet and stood before the naked
    woman.

       "Right! Into the kitchen and fix us some food! And be fuckin' snappy
    or your next fuck might not be so enjoyable." threatened Lisa, grinning
    evily. Lisa put her arms around her daughter and lead her to the
    kitchen area where they both began to prepare some sandwiches.

       Cathy looked down at Kevin and his father. Their cock's had begun to
    swell at the sight of Cathy getting fist-fucked and now both of them
    had a sizable erection. Cathy grinned, looking from one to the other.

       "Mmmmmmm! Looks like you two aren't fucked out! How'd you like to
       party a little while we wait for those bitches to fix dinner?"

       Kevin looked at his father and smiled. Dick just shrugged, his cock
    was getting hard and if this pretty woman wanted make it go soft again,
    that was fine by him.

       "Sure. Why not!" said Dick, moving to the side so Cathy could join
    them on the bed. She got between them on all fours, her face in Dick's
    crotch and her cute ass poking provocatively towards Kevin.

       "Ohhh, yeahhhh!", breathed Cathy, sniffing Dick's cunt-soaked prick.
    "I've never had a father and son team do me over. This is gonna be
    fun!"

       Across the room, Bobby was staring at the action on the bed. As his
    mother crawled into place, he lifted Mandy's head into his lap began to
    rub the head of his cock against the girl's lips parted.

       "Open up, honey!" he muttered, forcing his cock into Mandy's mouth.
    "Suck on my cock while I watch this!"

       Half-asleep, the young girl opened her mouth and began to nurse
    contentedly on Bobby's big, limp cock. On the bed, Kevin had positioned
    himself behind Cathy and was preparing to mount the woman doggy-style.
    Dick was kneeling with his own cock directly in front of Cathy's
    mouth. Cathy took hold of Dick's huge purple shaft and looked over her
    shoulder at Kevin.

       "Shove it in, Junior!", she moaned. "Ram that mother-fuckin' prick
    of your's in there and screw me hard. And I'd better feel it too boy,
    or I'll beat your horny little ass red-raw, okay?"

       Kevin grinned and lunged forward, burying his massive hardon into
    the woman's slick, gaping cunt with one massive thrust. Then he began
    to pump hard. Slamming his cock deep into Cathy's back-thrust cunt with
    all his might.

       "Uhfff! Uhhhff! T..that... hard enough for you?", Kevin grunted,
    feeling his balls slap up hard against the woman's belly with each
    deep, powerful stroke.

       "Uhhhh! God, yes! Shut-up and fuck me like that till I tell you to
    stop!", growled Cathy, gripping Dick so hard he gasped. She lowered her
    head and began to suck his cock, opening her mouth wide. Dick felt his
    whole shaft enveloped by the woman's hot, wet gullet as she
    deep-throated him easily. Then he began to fuck her mouth with
    increasing vigour. Soon, father and son were fucking the woman with the
    same rhythm. Kevin had hold of her hips, slamming his young prick into
    her sloppy cunt in unison with the vigorous face-fuck his father was
    giving her.

       From the sofa, Bobby watched them with rising lust as the trio on
    the bed really got into the swing of things. His mother was being
    tossed back and forth between the two strong male bodies like a rag
    doll, their long, hard pricks penetrating her two drooling openings
    almost simultaneously. But her moans of pleasure and the hungry way she
    was swallowing the cock in her mouth was a sure sign his mother was
    loving every second of it.


                              Chapter 10

       Bobby's cock was almost at full erection now, and Mandy was
    having great difficulty in fitting it all into her tiny, sucking
    mouth. He reached down to the girl's crotch and began to rub his
    fingers up and down the hot, juicy slit between her tight cuntlips.
    Mandy moaned around his cock and hunched her pussy up against his
    hand, urging Bobby to stick his fingers in deeper. Bobby slid two
    fingers up her cunt and rubbed her fat little clit with his thumb.
    Mandy sucked his cock harder, grinding her cunt eagerly up around
    his poking digits.

       Even after all the fucking the little thirteen-year-old had done
    in the last twenty-four hours, her cunt still felt as tight as the
    first time he'd squeezed his big cock into it, back there at the
    motel. Bobby suddenly had the urge to fuck the cute little kid
    again. He pulled Mandy's tiny mouth off his prick and lifted her up
    to straddle his lap, facing away from him. Now he could fuck the
    little slut and they could both watch his mother getting
    double-fucked on the bed. Bobby lowered the girl's tiny butt down
    over his crotch until the head of his cock slid into her
    tight-lipped little cuntslit.

       "Put it in for me, baby," he whispered, nuzzling her creamy neck.

       Mandy gripped the youth's huge throbbing erection and lifted her
    hips a bit, easing his mammoth prick into her eager little fuckhole.
    The she sat back down again, alternately lifting and lowering her
    hips in time with Bobby's up and down cock-thrusts. Bobby was
    staring at his mother's cunt as it slurped back and forth along
    Kevin's long prick. Kevin's eyes were on Bobby and Mandy. Although
    Cathy's cunt was a good tight fit around his cock, the boy wanted to
    try a bit of what Bobby was getting. That cute little
    thirteen-year-old cunt must be as tight as a fish's asshole, he
    thought with more than a touch of envy. Kevin stared as little Mandy
    bounced up and down on Bobby's huge cock, watching her tight, almost
    hairless little cuntlips grip the other boy's cock-shaft like a
    vice. `God, I'd love a piece of that', he thought, slamming his own
    cock even harder into Cathy's slurping cunt.

       He thought about his sexy little sister and imagined himself
    fucking her just like Bobby was fucking young Mandy. He'd fucked his
    mother and now he was fucking this horny convict bitch, maybe he'd
    get a chance at Mandy or his sister later. With that evil thought,
    Kevin started to fuck Cathy with a vengeance, ramming his cock
    really deep. Her asscheeks slapped loudly up against his belly and
    his balls battered her clit as Kevin stepped up the pace. He wanted
    to bring the horny bitch off quick so he could get a chance at
    fucking one of the two youngsters.

       Kevin's tactic worked. His extra-hard fucking quickly got Cathy's
    juices flowing and she was soon on the verge of orgasm. She in turn,
    stepped up her mouth action on Dick's pistoning prick. The massive
    pole of flesh was throbbing in her mouth like it was going to
    explode any minute. All Cathy had to do was suck a little harder and
    a little faster and she was sure she'd be rewarded with a nice hot
    load of thick, creamy cum.

       She was right. Within seconds, Dick gave a loud cry and grabbed
    the back of her bobbing head with both hands, emptying his balls
    into her sucking mouth. Kevin climaxed soon after, filling Cathy's
    churning cunt with another load of young teenaged sperm. Feeling the
    two jets of cream enter her body at once was all the horny woman
    needed to tip her over the edge too. She grabbed Dick's ass and
    sucked his spurting cock like crazy, all the while grinding her ass
    and cunt back onto Kevin's squirting young prick.

       Bobby watched them come with a smile. Mandy was still bouncing
    merrily up and down on his cock and the wonderful friction of her
    tight, slippery young cunt was quickly bringing him to his own peak.
    Mandy seemed to be able to come forever. He'd counted three climaxes
    already, now her little cunt was convulsing around his cock again,
    near squeezing the life out of it. Bobby grabbed her under the ass
    and began to raise and lower her cunt on his cock, slamming up into
    the tight clinging little hole at the same time. To the girl, the
    effect was like getting fucked at twice the normal speed, and she
    came again on the spot, saturating Bobby's already-glistening cock
    with another thick load of fragrant girly-cum.

       She was whimpering almost incessantly now, her whole body
    quivering and her cunt convulsing in one continuous orgasm. Bobby
    felt his balls tighten and that old familiar feeling surge outwards
    from his loins. He screamed and fucked hard up into Mandy's cunt as
    he came. Spurt after spurt of hot, thick sperm filled the little
    girl's cunt and dribbled out onto the sofa forming a creamy-white
    puddle between Bobby's thighs.

       Bobby bit her neck and nibbled her earlobe, whispering incoherent
    obscenities into her ear as his cock twitched and jerked inside her
    tightly clasping cunt-sheath. As their climaxes faded, Bobby got to
    his feet and walked over to where his mother lay between Dick and
    Kevin.

       "Nice fuck, mom?", he asked, stroking her slime-coated cuntslit.

       "Ohhhh, Bobby! Yes, honey! It was wonderful!", moaned Cathy
    sleepily. "Next time I want you to join me. I wanna fuck three of
    you at once!"

       "Jesus! You mean it, mom?!", Bobby grinned. The thought of triple
    fucking his mother with two other guys was a tremendous turn on.

       "Sure, honey!", replied Cathy fisting her son's sticky cock. "If
    my poor little baby feels up to it, that is."

       "Shit, Mom! I hope you don't mean right now! I just fucked
    Mandy!"

       "Don't worry, lover," grinned Cathy, looking down at Kevin and
    Dick. "These two are pooped now as well, so it'll have to be later."

       "Okay, Mom, you're on! Now, let's eat!"

       Bobby helped his mother to her feet and they headed for the
    kitchen, totally ignoring Kevin and Dick who were still flaked out
    on the bed. Buy the time they had all eaten, exhaustion began to
    set in and they made plans for bed. Bobby knew that he and his
    mother were so tired that they couldn't take turns at guarding their
    prisoners, so he decided to tie them up in pairs. He paired Lisa
    with her husband, and Kevin with his sister. Tying them together
    facing each other, still naked. He placed Kevin and Debby lying on
    their sides on the sofa and Lisa and Dick on a spare mattress on the
    floor beside them.

       He ignored their complaints and retired to the bed with where
    Mandy and his mother were already fast asleep. Crawling in between
    them, Bobby put the gun under his pillow and snuggled up against his
    mother. He remembered her promise to let him join in a four-way fuck
    with her and he drifted off to sleep with a sly smile on his face.

                     ********************************

       As usual, Kevin awoke next morning with a hard-on. Except this
    time, it was wedged firmly between his little sister's naked thighs.
    She was still asleep, her cute young face only inches from his own.
    Kevin tried to move, and found that the ropes had loosened a little
    during the night. He looked around and saw that all the others, even
    his parents were still fast asleep. He moved his hips slightly to
    try and relieve the pressure on his trapped prick, but as he did so,
    Debby lifted her leg over his in her sleep and his cock slid right
    against her warm little pussy.

       Kevin couldn't help himself, his sister's gorgeous hard little
    tits were pressed tantalizingly against his chest and her young cunt
    against his prick felt so inviting. He moved his own hips forward
    and bunched his ass, running the tip of his cock along the length of
    his sister's hot, moist cuntslit. Debby squirmed in her sleep, but
    didn't move away. If anything she seemed to be trying to get more
    contact between her cunt and her brother's cock-tip. Then, when she
    lifted her leg and hunched her crotch forward against his prick,
    Kevin was sure she was doing it on purpose. But she looked like she
    was asleep.

       Kevin decided to throw caution to the wind. He had a hard-on that
    just wasn't going to quit unless he did something about and sister
    or not, Debby was in the right place at the right time. He tried to
    reach down between her thighs, but the ropes prevented him. Instead
    he placed his hand on her tight little ass and ground his cock
    meaningfully against her cunt, hoping his sister would lift her leg
    a bit so he could get his cockhead wedged properly into her
    cunthole. Once that happened, she was as good as fucked, he thought
    evily.

       Debby made little moaning sounds as Kevin continued to force his
    cock into her silky crotch. Through the fog of sleep the girl felt
    something hard and hot poking her between the legs and instinctively
    opened them, lifting and bending her knee at the same time. Kevin
    moved toward her the same time and felt the tip of his cock pop
    between his sister's tight, elastic little cuntlips. Debby's eyes
    flicked open, but before she could say or do anything, Kevin hunched
    his hips forward and buried his massive boner to the hilt in his
    sister's hot little cunt. Debby moaned low in her throat, grinding
    her cunt against the long, thick incestuous invader.

       God, it felt so good. She always felt horny in the mornings, and
    at home she often brought herself off with her fingers a couple of
    times before breakfast. Now, she had a big, hard cock... her
    brother's cock... and it was much more satisfying than her fingers.
    She didn't mind fucking him, now that her father had shown her how
    much fun it was. Hell, she'd even let that punk, Bobby, fuck her if
    he wanted. Her mother had sure squealed for more when he stuffed
    that big fat prick of his into her cunt. Her mind reeled with the
    possibilities, but right now all she cared about was getting more of
    her big brother's prick into her horny pussy. The ropes that bound
    them were a bit of a hindrance, but where there's a prick there's a
    way, Debby thought.

       She opened her thighs as far apart as the ropes would allow and
    began to hunch her ass in time with her brother's eager
    cock-thrusts, but it still wasn't satisfying. She longed for the
    deep hard thrusts her father had given her the night before, but
    Kevin's bonds kept him from moving his hips much. His cock was fully
    into her cunt, but movement was severely restricted. Debby began to
    rock her hips and moan in frustration as her brother's cock filled
    and tantalized her young horny pussy. Kevin too, was beginning to
    feel the strain, it was agonizing to feel his cock finally inside
    his sister's tight, wet little cunt and not be able to pound away at
    her the way he wanted to. He was just about to try and wriggle out
    of the ropes when he felt the cold steel of a gun barrel against his
    neck.

       "Well, well, well! What have we here?", grinned Bobby, running
    the gun barrel down over Debby's tightly clenched ass. "A little
    friendly brother and sister good-morning fuck?"

       Kevin and Debby froze as Bobby ran the gun barrel over their
    naked bodies. He kicked Dick and Lisa who were still asleep at his
    feet. Dick awoke with a start and gave his wife a gentle pat on the
    ass to wake her.

       "Hey, Red!" Bobby snickered, pointing at Lisa's tied son and
    daughter. "Looks like your kids wanna play a little house too. And,
    if I'm not mistaken, Hero here has his wiener well and truly stuffed
    up Sweetcheek's hot little fur-pie."

       Lisa glared at him, casting only a fleeting sideways glance at
    her two bound children.

       "What do you expect, after the things you made us do last night
    and the way you tied them up together!", spat Lisa.

       "Whoa, baby! Excuse me?? I didn't MAKE you do anything! You and
    the rest of your hot fuckin' family were only too happy to get it on
    together, baby! So, don't come with this `I MADE YOU DO IT' crap,
    'cause you the old man here were having a hot old time with the kids
    last night WITHOUT me forcing you to do anything!"

       Lisa scowled at him, realizing shamefully that he was right. She
    definitely DID enjoy her son's hard young cock stuffing her ass and
    pussy, and her husband sure as hell got a kick out of fucking their
    daughter, that was for sure!.... What could she say?

       Bobby saw the woman's downcast expression and smiled, knowing
    he'd won again. Now it was time for the next episode in this horny
    family's sexual awakening. He stood up and untied the two kids,
    letting them sit up. Kevin's cock slithered reluctantly from the
    tight confines of his sister's hot young cunt, leaving a trail of
    glistening pussy-juice along the girl's thigh. Debby sat with her
    arms folded across her teenage tits, her legs tightly clamped
    together.

       Despite having fucked her father the night before, in the cold
    light of day, the young girl felt ashamed at being caught with her
    brother's cock up her cunt, especially in front of her parents.
    Bobby sat down on the sofa beside Debby, admiring her gorgeous young
    body. He couldn't blame Kevin for what he did. ANY brother would
    want to fuck a sister like that, he thought. Then, suddenly, he had
    an idea! He ran the gun up and down between Debby's firm young tits
    and grinned at her lewdly.

       "Maybe Sweetcheeks would prefer a real cock" he said, stroking
    his stiffening prick meaningfully with his other hand.

       Debby could only stare speechlessly at Bobby's lengthening cock.
    Kevin's hard prick had felt so good up her cunt that the horny
    youngster was willing to do anything to finish off what her brother
    had started. Lisa tried to rise, fighting against the ropes that
    held her tied tightly to her husband. Dick held her to him, knowing
    that to fight against it was useless. Bobby held all the trump
    cards. He'd unleashed their sexuality and now, only consummation of
    that sexuality would leave him powerless.

       It was Kevin who finally stood up and bravely confronted the
    gun-wielding fugitive. His cock had tasted the tight, juicy delights
    of his little sister's hot clinging cunt, and the boy wanted more.
    He was willing to do anything!

       "No! Leave her alone!" he said menacingly, standing protectively
    before his little sister.

       "Whoa! Hey, you want her all for yourself, Hero?", asked Bobby,
    waving the gun in Kevin's face. Kevin stood his ground, staring
    wildly at the armed punk. Bobby lowered the gun and pointed it at
    Debby. "You want to fuck her bad, don't you, Junior?"

       Kevin looked down at his naked young sister and swallowed
    nervously.

       "Come on, kid!", Bobby teased. "You want to fuck the horny little
    cunt so bad you can taste it, right?!"

       Kevin licked his lips and nodded in defeat. He DID want his hot,
    sexy little sister all to himself... to fuck whenever he wanted!
    Kevin was hooked, and Bobby knew it!

       "Okay, Junior! I'm gonna give you a break. You two kids wanna
    fuck so badly? Let's see what you can do.... But hold on, I want Red
    and Daddy Dick here to take a good long look at their own kids
    fucking!" said Bobby, untying Lisa and Dick. He motioned for the
    naked parents to join Mandy and Cathy on the bed before signaling
    Kevin and Debby to resume their incestuous lovemaking. "Okay,
    Hero!", he grinned. "Fuck you hot little sister stupid!"

       Kevin fell upon his sister with a vengeance. Bobby had humiliated
    him, in front of everybody, including his parents... now he was
    going to show them all!! Spreading his little sister's legs wide,
    Kevin knelt between her thighs, draping her ankles over his
    shoulders. Debby's tight, moist little cuntlips glistened wetly in
    the morning light, gaping open as her brother positioned his fat
    cockhead once more into the glistening pink slit her tiny blonde
    pussy.

       Debby moaned and looked down between her legs as her brother
    hunched his lean young hips forward, nudging the fat head of his
    cock into her tight little fuckhole. As the huge flared knob popped
    inside, Kevin had the urge to ram his cock down into his little
    sister's hot, clasping cunt to the balls, but he didn't want to
    appear to loose it in front of Bobby. Slowly, inch-by-inch he worked
    his huge, stiff prick between the slippery folds of Debby's sweet
    young cunt. Debby was panting hard now. She was more than eager for
    Kevin to fuck her. She didn't care if he was her brother or that her
    mother and father and three total strangers were watching. She just
    wanted him to shove his long hard prick into her yearning cunt and
    fuck her to orgasm.

       "Ohhhhh, Kevin! Do it!", she pleaded, finally. "Put it in and
    fuck me! Fuck me hard like Daddy did last night! Ohhh, pleeeeease!
    Fuck me!"

       His gorgeous little sister begging for his prick was the last
    straw. Her wanton, lustful pleading drove the excited young boy over
    the edge of restraint, and, with a loud cry of lust, Kevin lunged
    his hips forward and down, plunging the full length of his
    rock-hard cock way up into his sister's belly. Debby's eyes grew
    wide, then lidded over with lust as she felt her little cunt thrust
    full of long, thick prick. Her brother's cock seemed every inch as
    big and fat as her father's had done last night, and the girl knew
    that she was really going to enjoy fucking her handsome big brother
    a lot!

       On the bed, Lisa and Dick watched in awe as their son fucked his
    huge prick in and out of their daughter's juicy, wet cunt. Dick's
    cock began to harden as he stared at Debby's widely-stretched little
    cuntlips sucking and clasping at her brother's thick cockshaft. He
    knew exactly what that excruciatingly wonderful tightness felt
    like. No wonder young Kevin was moaning and groaning so loudly.
    Debby's little fourteen-year-old cunt was as tight as a vice and as
    hot as a furnace.

       Dick gazed in envy as Kevin slammed his cock repeatedly into his
    moaning sister, her firm, naked young ass squirming all over the
    sofa as Kevin fucked her with deep, powerful strokes. With every
    thrust, Debby whimpered for more, grinding her little cunt up at her
    brother's pounding prick with a vengeance.

       Lisa was staring in envy too. She knew the delicious feeling of
    having that massive prick shoved up her own pussy. Her son had a big
    cock AND he knew how to use it. Lisa suddenly wished it was HER
    writhing in passion under Kevin's deep, powerful cock-thrusts,
    getting her cunt well and truly reamed out by her young son's
    virile, man-sized prick.

       Bobby saw the effect that watching their kids fuck was having on
    the Dick and Lisa. He grinned and nodded to his own mother who was
    already rubbing her drooling snatch at the horny sight.

       "Look like Dig Daddy Dick is living up to his name, Mom!",
    laughed Bobby indicating Dick's erect penis. "I think he want's to
    fuck the hot little bitch again himself." Then to Dick. "Well, do
    you, old man? Do you want to fuck your horny little slut of a
    daughter again?"

       Dick stared at the youth, a look of defeat on his craggy
    features. It was no use fighting it anymore, he thought. His cock
    had betrayed him again. Everybody could see that watching his son
    and daughter fucking so lustily, right before his eyes, was turning
    him on something fierce.

       "Yes!" he spat. "I want to fuck her again, so what! What
    red-blooded male watching this wouldn't?"

       Bobby just grinned, motioning for Mandy to take care of the older
    man's rampant cock. The cute little thirteen-year-old had been
    watching Kevin's huge boner slide back and forth in his sister's
    cunt while busily rubbing her own gooey little slit to a foamy
    lather. At Bobby's instruction, she scrambled over between Dick's
    out-stretched legs and took the big man's erect cock in her tiny
    hand, thankful for some action at last.

       Lisa had the urge to pull the horny little slut off her husband,
    but that soon passed as Bobby sat down beside her and ran a hand
    down over her sopping wet cuntmound. Instinctively, she opened her
    legs wider to let the youth insert two long fingers into her itching
    cunthole.

      "Ohhh, yeahhhh! You're real wet, Red!", he observed, inserting
    another finger into her saturated twat. "I bet you want Hero to fuck
    you again too, don't you? Huh? Ummmm, yeah! You do... don't you,
    baby?"

      Bobby's fingers were really stoking up her fires now and Lisa
    couldn't keep herself from hunching her cunt against his hand and
    reaching for his cock.

      "Uhhhh, yessss!", she hissed. "I want him to fuck me again
    alright! I can't wait to feel his big fat prick fucking my juicy
    pussy! I want him to fuck me up the ass too, and cum in my mouth
    and ohhhh I want to do everything.... Ohhhhh, Jesus! I can't stand
    it anymore! Fuck me! Fuck me you horny, bastard! Fuck me now!"

       Lisa was almost incoherent with lust. Bobby's expert
    manipulations combined with the lascivious sight of her own
    children fucking their brains out was just too much. She wanted to
    fuck and she didn't care who fucked her....Bobby just happened to be
    closest. She pushed the youth backwards until his head was in his
    mother's lap and straddled his thick, muscular thighs, wasting no
    time at all in stuffing his rampant organ deep into her cock-hungry
    fuckhole. Bobby laughed at her lustful eagerness.

       "Can't wait for another taste of my prick, huh Red?", he said,
    grinning with both triumph and pleasure as he felt Lisa's hot,
    slippery-wet fuckhole slide down over the length of his upright
    cock.

       "Shut-up and fuck me, you little bastard!", grunted Lisa, already
    bouncing up and down on Bobby's deeply impaling cockshaft.

       "Shut-up and fuck me, you little bastard!", grunted Lisa, already
    bouncing up and down on Bobby's deeply impaling cockshaft.

       Bobby lifted his hips and fucked her back, slamming his prick up
    into her sliding snatch with every downward lunge of the red-heads
    hips. His head was still in his mother's lap and she was slowly
    grinding her pussy up at him the back of his head. He could smell
    her steamy wet cunt only inches from his face and knew she must be
    going crazy with frustration by now. Time to do something about
    that, he thought, can't have my poor momma left out of all the fun.

       "Come and sit on my face, Mom", grunted Bobby, not missing a
    stroke into Lisa's bouncing pussy. "I'll suck your pussy out while
    Red helps herself to a cuntful of cock."

       "Ohhhh, baby!" moaned Cathy, getting into position, facing Lisa.
    "I thought you'd never ask!"

       "Anything to please my dear old mo...umff, mmmm, mmmm...." Bobby
    last words were cut short as Cathy's drooling cunt settled down over
    his mouth. He opened his mouth and gave his mother's gaping fuckhole
    a big sloppy tongue-kiss, licking back and forth along every square
    inch of juicy exposed cuntflesh. Cathy arched her back and hunched
    her cunt harder onto her son's face, squirming her hips around in
    tight little circles as Bobby's tongue and lips probed and sucked at
    her wide-open fuckhole with delicious dexterity.

        Lisa was still bouncing merrily up and down on Bobby's pointed
    prong, her eyes fixed on Cathy's jiggling tits. She had never really
    considered sex with another woman before, but, now, strangely she
    felt a sudden urge to reach out and squeeze Cathy's big, firm,
    succulent-looking breasts. Maybe it was because she was so horny,
    maybe it was because they were both sharing Cathy's son, she didn't
    know. All she knew was that she had an overwhelming urge to touch
    the woman's tits.

        She leaned reached out and cupped one of Cathy's large boobs,
    squeezing the soft, firm globe with increasing pressure. She felt
    the woman's large erect nipple scraping against her palm. It felt so
    good, she grabbed Cathy's other tits and did the same to it. Cathy
    moaned with pleasure at the unexpected attention. She had always
    loved sharing a man with another woman like this and the fact that
    it was her own son she was sharing only made it that much better.
    She looked at the beautiful red-head bouncing on her son's cock and
    suddenly wanted her more than anything in the world. Before they
    left, Cathy was going to convert this respectable, middle-class
    housewife into a proper little cunt-lapper. She reached out an began
    to squeeze Lisa's tits in return. This brought a sympathetic moan of
    pleasure from the deeply impaled red-head.

       "Ooooohhhh, yesss! Squeeze my tits", groaned Lisa. "God, he's got
    a big cock! Uhhhhhh, Jesus! I love fucking like this!"

       Dick looked over when he heard Lisa's guttural cries of lust and
    watched spellbound as Cathy leaned forward and began to suck his
    wife's tits. Lisa moaned louder and thrust out her breasts to be
    sucked, all the while rocking her hips up and down on Bobby's
    spearing fuck-shaft. The sight of his respectable wife riding a
    boy's cock while another woman sucked her tits made Dick incredibly
    horny.

       Mandy had been sucking his cock while he fondled the little
    girl's cunt and ass, but now it was time for some serious fucking.
    He couldn't wait to slam his cock into the thirteen-year-old's tight
    little pussy. He was sure she'd be even tighter in the cunt than his
    daughter. Dick rolled Mandy onto her back and got between her legs.
    Taking one tiny ankle in each hand, Dick spread her skinny little
    legs and positioned his cock at the entrance of her virtually
    hairless little cunt. Mandy was so tight that her tiny cuntlips
    parted little even with her legs spread wide. Dick reached out and
    shoved a finger up into the little kid's cunt, delighted at the way
    it clung tightly to his wriggling digit. He pulled his finger out
    and felt her cuntlips suck at it like a wet little mouth. His
    finger came out coated and glistening with hot, creamy girl-juice.
    He was going to enjoy fucking this gorgeous little freckle-faced
    honey!

       "Ohhhhhhhh, please!", whimpered Mandy, frustrated by having his
    nice hard finger removed from her tingling little twat. "Put your
    cock in and fuck me! Please fuck me! I wanna cum so bad! Please! Do
    it now! Fuck my cunt!"

       Dick looked down into the naked little girl's eyes and saw the
    fucklust clouding her pixie-like features. She wanted it as much as
    he did, he thought. Well the horny little slut was going to get it
    alright. Shit, she was going to get everything she was asking for,
    and more....


                               Chapter 11

       Lisa had the urge to pull the horny little slut off her husband,
    but that soon passed as Bobby sat down beside her and ran a hand
    down over her sopping wet cuntmound. Instinctively, she opened her
    legs wider to let the youth insert two long fingers into her itching
    cunthole.

      "Ohhh, yeahhhh! You're real wet, Red!", he observed, inserting
    another finger into her saturated twat. "I bet you want Hero to fuck
    you again too, don't you? Huh? Ummmm, yeah! You do... don't you,
    baby?"

      Bobby's fingers were really stoking up her fires now and Lisa
    couldn't keep herself from hunching her cunt against his hand and
    reaching for his cock.

      "Uhhhh, yessss!", she hissed. "I want him to fuck me again
    alright! I can't wait to feel his big fat prick fucking my juicy
    pussy! I want him to fuck me up the ass too, and cum in my mouth
    and ohhhh I want to do everything.... Ohhhhh, Jesus! I can't stand
    it anymore! Fuck me! Fuck me you horny, bastard! Fuck me now!"

       Lisa was almost incoherent with lust. Bobby's expert
    manipulations combined with the lascivious sight of her own
    children fucking their brains out was just too much. She wanted to
    fuck and she didn't care who fucked her....Bobby just happened to be
    closest. She pushed the youth backwards until his head was in his
    mother's lap and straddled his thick, muscular thighs, wasting no
    time at all in stuffing his rampant organ deep into her cock-hungry
    fuckhole. Bobby laughed at her lustful eagerness.

       "Can't wait for another taste of my prick, huh Red?", he said,
    grinning with both triumph and pleasure as he felt Lisa's hot,
    slippery-wet fuckhole slide down over the length of his upright
    cock.

       "Shut-up and fuck me, you little bastard!", grunted Lisa, already
    bouncing up and down on Bobby's deeply impaling cockshaft.

       Bobby lifted his hips and fucked her back, slamming his prick up
    into her sliding snatch with every downward lunge of the red-heads
    hips. His head was still in his mother's lap and she was slowly
    grinding her pussy up at him the back of his head. He could smell
    her steamy wet cunt only inches from his face and knew she must be
    going crazy with frustration by now. Time to do something about
    that, he thought, can't have my poor momma left out of all the fun.

       "Come and sit on my face, Mom", grunted Bobby, not missing a
    stroke into Lisa's bouncing pussy. "I'll suck your pussy out while
    Red helps herself to a cuntful of cock."

       "Ohhhh, baby!" moaned Cathy, getting into position, facing Lisa.
    "I thought you'd never ask!"

       "Anything to please my dear old mo...umff, mmmm, mmmm...." Bobby
    last words were cut short as Cathy's drooling cunt settled down over
    his mouth. He opened his mouth and gave his mother's gaping fuckhole
    a big sloppy tongue-kiss, licking back and forth along every square
    inch of juicy exposed cuntflesh. Cathy arched her back and hunched
    her cunt harder onto her son's face, squirming her hips around in
    tight little circles as Bobby's tongue and lips probed and sucked at
    her wide-open fuckhole with delicious dexterity.

        Lisa was still bouncing merrily up and down on Bobby's
    stiffly-pointed prong, her eyes fixed on Cathy's jiggling tits. She
    had never really considered sex with another woman before, but, now,
    strangely she felt a sudden urge to reach out and squeeze Cathy's
    big, firm, succulent-looking breasts. Maybe it was because she was so
    horny, maybe it was because they were both sharing Cathy's son, she
    didn't know. All she knew was that she had an overwhelming urge to
    touch the woman's tits. She leaned reached out and cupped one of
    Cathy's large boobs, squeezing the soft, firm globe with increasing
    pressure. She felt the woman's large erect nipple scraping against
    her palm. It felt so good, she grabbed Cathy's other tits and did the
    same to it.

        Cathy moaned with pleasure at the unexpected attention. She had
    always loved sharing a man with another woman like this and the fact
    that it was her own son she was sharing only made it that much
    better. She looked at the beautiful red-head bouncing on her son's
    cock and suddenly wanted her more than anything in the world. Before
    they left, Cathy was going to convert this respectable, middle-class
    housewife into a proper little cunt-lapper. She reached out an began
    to squeeze Lisa's tits in return. This brought a sympathetic moan of
    pleasure from the deeply impaled red-head.

       "Ooooohhhh, yesss! Squeeze my tits", groaned Lisa. "God, he's got
    a big cock! Uhhhhhh, Jesus! I love fucking like this!"

       Dick looked over when he heard Lisa's guttural cries of lust and
    watched spellbound as Cathy leaned forward and began to suck his
    wife's tits. Lisa moaned louder and thrust out her breasts to be
    sucked, all the while rocking her hips up and down on Bobby's
    spearing fuck-shaft. The sight of his respectable wife riding a
    boy's cock while another woman sucked her tits made Dick incredibly
    horny.

       Mandy had been sucking his cock while he fondled the little
    girl's cunt and ass, but now it was time for some serious fucking.
    He couldn't wait to slam his cock into the thirteen-year-old's tight
    little pussy. He was sure she'd be even tighter in the cunt than his
    daughter. Dick rolled Mandy onto her back and got between her legs.
    Taking one tiny ankle in each hand, Dick spread her skinny little
    legs and positioned his cock at the entrance of her virtually
    hairless little cunt. Mandy was so tight that her tiny cuntlips
    parted little even with her legs spread wide. Dick reached out and
    shoved a finger up into the little kid's cunt, delighted at the way
    it clung tightly to his wriggling digit. He pulled his finger out
    and felt her cuntlips suck at it like a wet little mouth. His
    finger came out coated and glistening with hot, creamy girl-juice.
    He was going to enjoy fucking this gorgeous little freckle-faced
    honey!

       "Ohhhhhhhh, please!", whimpered Mandy, frustrated by having his
    nice hard finger removed from her tingling little twat. "Put your
    cock in and fuck me! Please fuck me! I wanna cum so bad! Please! Do
    it now! Fuck my cunt!"

       Dick looked down into the naked little girl's eyes and saw the
    fucklust clouding her pixie-like features. She wanted it as much as
    he did, he thought. Well the horny little slut was going to get it
    alright! Shit, she was going to get everything she was asking for,
    and more....

       Dick nudged his hips between Mandy's widely spread thighs, her
    hand instinctively wrapping around the thickness of his cock. The
    sweet-faced youngster parted her pussylips with one hand and guided
    his big prick-knob into her slippery cunt with the other. With his
    eyes wide and staring deeply into hers, Dick slowly fucked forward.

       "Aaaauuuuugh!" he groaned.

       "Ooooooh, God!" Mandy whispered. "Yes! Put it in me! Unngghhhh,
    you big bastard! Oooooh, yes! Fill me up with your cock, baby!"

       As the young girl urged him on, Dick gave a harder thrust that
    bottomed his prick out way up inside her quivering, tight pussy.
    Mandy gasped and ground her hips up even as the breath was driven
    from her body by the strength of the thrust.

       "G.. God, you're big!" she panted. "N..nice and big and hard...
    Ohhhhhh, Fuck me quick! Cum in me!"

       "Coming fast isn't gonna be the problem, kid" he said. "God,
    you're tight. I feel like coming right now! It's all I can do to
    keep fucking you like this without blowing my wad in about three
    strokes!"

       "I can come fast, too," Mandy said as she leaned up to kiss his
    dry lips. "Do it! Go ahead! Just fuck the shit out of me! Now!"

       She didn't have to wait long for him to do as she asked. Her
    entire body was rocking in his pounding grip in seconds. Totally
    naked beneath a man old enough to be her father, Mandy felt very
    naughty.

       "Yes!" she hissed as his first stroke into her silky smoothness
    made shivers of pleasure run all over her skin. "Ooooooh, yes!"

       Squealing and whimpering with delight as Dick leaned down and
    sucked on her tongue in time with his wonderful fucking, the horny
    young thirteen-year-old responded passionately to Dick's fast
    fucking. Mandy was right with him as his urge to come rapidly
    approached.

       "Oooooh, here I come!" she whispered in his ear as his head fell
    down. "I'm getting close! I'm almost there! Fuck me! That's it! Cum
    with me, Dick! What a cock! Come together with me! Oooooh, what a
    cock!"

       Her churning little hips fucked up and down as Mandy met each of
    his strokes. Raising up, Dick put his arms under her naked legs,
    opening her tiny cunt up wider. He didn't know how much she could
    take of his big cock, but so far she was taking everything he could
    give her, and she was begging for more.

       "What are you doing?" Mandy asked in a frantic little voice.

       "What you told me," Dick said. "I'm gonna fuck you hard and fast,
    Mandy! Hang on, honey!"

       Pushing the lithe young girl's legs up, the tall man pulled her
    up almost into a ball. The entire length of her hairless pussy was
    open to his attacking prick. He rocked forward, slamming his long,
    hard cock all the way into her glistening pink fuckhole.

       "Unnnngggffff!" she grunted as she felt the full size and
    thickness of Dick's massive hard-on fucking into her tiny,
    adolescent body.

       Catching her hands as little Mandy gripped onto his forearms,
    Dick locked her into place by clamping down over her wrists. She
    couldn't move. She couldn't slide away. Then he really started
    fucking her, pounding and ramming until the little girl screamed
    with pleasure.

       Aware that he couldn't last more than a few seconds more Dick
    wanted the tiny-titted schoolgirl to come with him. He began fucking
    into her hot little cunt with a wild fury. His pounding thrusts had
    her slender young body bouncing back and forth across the bed. He
    fucked down hard, catching her again as she rebounded from his last
    thrust.

       "I'M CUMMING!" she shrieked, not caring at that moment if the
    whole world heard her. "OOOOOH, GOD! I'M CUMMMMMMMINNNNGGG!"

       Dick arched his back as he picked up the speed of his cock
    inside little Mandy's hot, clinging cunt, then shot a fiery stream
    of spunk up into her tight pussy.

       "God, I love your cock!" she groaned "Ooooh, yes! God, I love
    cock! Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck..fuck.fuckfuckfuckkkk!"

       Mandy's young body was out of control. Quivering with intense
    ecstasy, the innocent-looking young girl took every drop of Dick's
    of creamy cum. She was holding her breath, afraid that if she took
    another breath she would explode. She wanted this orgasm to go on
    and on forever. Spots appeared under her tightly clenched eyelids as
    the moaning young teen savoured the jetting flow of hot cum inside
    her body. The next thing she knew, she was moaning softly. Her legs
    were straight again, and he was kissing her gently, a worried look
    on his face.

       "Mmmmmm!" Mandy moaned. "Jesus!"

       "Welcome back, kid!" Dick whispered.

       "W..What happened?"

       "You passed out!"

       "Ohhhhh, God! But it was fantastic!", moaned Mandy, planting a
    flurry of tiny kisses on Dick's sweaty face. "I love you!"

       Dick smiled down at his young lover and kissed her forehead,
    content in the fact that Mandy had experienced such a mind-blowing
    orgasm with him.

       Bobby was sitting between his mother and Lisa, letting the two
    women lick his genitals clean after their three-way fuck. He smiled
    evilly at Dick and Mandy.

       "You really got her off good, Pops!", he grinned. "What's your
    secret?"

       Dick looked at the punk like he was a piece of shit he'd just
    stepped in and snarled, "You'll never know, asshole!"

       Before Bobby could reply, Dick launched himself at the boy and
    pinned him to the bed. Bobby clawed for the gun he'd placed under
    the pillow, but Dick had chosen this moment perfectly. He'd seen the
    weapon fall down behind the bed while Bobby was otherwise engaged
    with Cathy and his wife. With lightning speed, Dick let fly with a
    sickeningly heavy right which caught Bobby squarely on the jaw.
    Cathy screamed and tried to help her son, but Kevin grabbed her from
    behind and held the cursing woman tightly as his father secured the
    semi-conscious Bobby in a painful headlock.

       "Quick Honey, get the gun!" he panted, "It's down behind the
    bedhead!"

       Lisa scrambled to the top of the bed and reached down retrieving
    the weapon, her gorgeous ass and pussy poking in the air as she did
    so. Despite the situation, Kevin smiled and whistled under his
    breath.

       "Nice view, Mom!", he said.

       Lisa smiled and handed the gun to her husband who promptly poked
    the barrel into Bobby's surprised face.

       "Looks like the shoe's on the other foot, now... right asshole?"

       Bobby nodded his head groggily, very conscious of the cold steel
    pressed against his bloody nose.

       "Oohhhh, please, don't hurt him!" whined Cathy, still struggling
    in Kevin's grasp. "Don't hurt my baby!

       "Shut-up, bitch!" snarled Dick. "You weren't too concerned about
    what your asshole son here was going to do to us earlier on, were you?
    Huh!!!????"

       Cathy began to cry.

       "Just don't hurt him, pleeeeease!"

       "I'm not gonna hurt him, lady," grinned Dick. "I'm gonna fuckin'
    kill the little shit for what he did to my family!"

       Dick cocked the pistol and pressed the barrel meaningfully
    against Bobby's temple.

       "NO!!" screeched Cathy. "I'll do anything! ANYTHING! Just don't
    hurt my, baby!"

       Kevin and Bobby looked at each other with a grin.

       "Anything?" asked Kevin, running his hands down between the woman's
    gorgeously naked thighs.

       "Yes! ANYTHING!" husked, Cathy realizing what the horny young
    boy was referring to.

       "Even, suck my cunt?"

       Everybody turned to stare at Lisa.

       "Mom?" "Lisa!", said Kevin and Dick simultaneously.

       Lisa stood up and made her way over to Cathy. She reached down
    and squeezed her former captor's tits viciously.

       "I want the fucking bitch to suck my cunt!" said, Lisa her eyes
    gleaming wildly.

       "But, honey..." blurted Dick.

       "I think Mom means it, Dad!", grinned Kevin. "Why don't we use
    them like they used us?"

       Dick's eyes skipped from Cathy's ripe, mature body to Mandy's
    tight, creamy curves, then down at the hatred in Bobby's eyes. He
    smiled.

       "Sure! Why not?" he grinned, "Let's fuck the sluts! And Mommy's
    little baby here can watch.... How 'bout it asshole? Wanna watch while
    we fuck your slut of a mother? Wanna see me fuck her asshole? I bet
    I can really split her where she shits with this fucker!", boasted
    Dick, patting a phenomenal erection. Bobby only groaned. "I take
    that as a `yes'!"

       Dick pulled Bobby over to the couch and tied the boy up securely,
    making sure he could see the bed. Then he grabbed Cathy and pushed
    her onto the bed between his wife's open thighs.

      "On your hands and knees, bitch!" he growled, "and start sucking
    pussy!"

      Cathy obeyed, lowering her mouth to Lisa's wide-spread cunt as
    Dick positioned his large, throbbing cockhead against the tiny
    rose-bud of her anus.

    Although she usually enjoyed a man's cock up her ass Cathy knew that
 the big man wasn't going to be gently with her. Her puckered little
 bunghole twitched in panic as she felt the head of his cock press against
 it. She lifted her head from Lisa's hairy, gaping pussy and begged him to
 be gentle with her.

    "Don't hurt me!", she whimpered, "I'll let you do anything you want,
 just pleeease, don't hurt me!"

    Dick grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head up viciously causing
 the shapely naked woman to arch her back and press her asshole harder
 against his cocktip.

    "Shutup whore! Get your fuckin' mouth back down on my wife's hot pussy
 and suck, or I'll fuck you just like this," he growled, giving the
 kneeling woman's hair another vicious tug.

    Cathy gave a sob as Dick released her and obediently returned her
 mouth to Lisa's drooling cuntslit, sucking and licking at the pink,
 glistening flesh with renewed vigour.

    "That's better," grinned Dick pulling her firm, creamy asscheeks
 apart. "Now for the main event!"

    "Yeah, fuck her ass! Fuck it hard, Dad!", urged Kevin. He had his
 fingers in his sister's cunt and she was jerking his cock with her fist.
 Both kids were staring at their parents and the gorgeous naked blonde
 with wanton anticipation.

    Across the room, with little Mandy cowering at his side, Bobby was
 staring at the threesome on the bed also, but his face was a mask of pure
 hatred. Even so the eroticism of the sight was not lost on the boy. He
 noted the way his mother's pert ass was offered up into the air like a
 ripe cherry to be plucked. Her ass quivering in an inviting manner as she
 sucked and licked the other woman's flaming red pussy.

    However, when he looked and saw how thick and hard Dick's erection was
 compared to his mother's tiny anus, he almost choked. It was as thick as
 a baseball bat and the fat, bulbous head was purple and looked like like
 it would split her ass open on the very first thrust. He couldn't believe
 that Dick was actually going to try and force that monster into her ass.
 It just wouldn't go in. No ass could take such a huge prick. Despite what
 they'd done to these people, Bobby couldn't stand to think of his
 mother's ass being ravaged in such a terrible way.

    "No, don't! Don't fuck Mom in the ass", he blurted.

    "Why not, shithead?", grinned Dick, "You wanna take her place? Huh?
 Maybe I should ram this big fucker up your ass instead."

    At that, Cathy let out a muffled little squeal into Lisa's muff and
 raised her head in alarm.

    "NO! Don't hurt him!", she whimpered, "I said I'd do anything you
 wanted and I will, just leave Bobby out of it, okay?"

    "Well aren't we the noble one... Don't worry, slut, I prefer your cute
 little ass to his anyday," laughed Dick, giving Cathy's upraised bottom a
 hard slap. "Now tell me how much you're gonna like me fucking your tight
 little shit-chute, or I might change my mind!"

    "Owww! Yeah, I'm gonna love it!", whimpered Cathy, "I want you to
 stick that big prick up my ass and fuck me with it, baby!"

    "That's better," grinned Dick. He turned to Bobby. "See, shithead!
 Your hot slut of a mother is begging me to plug her ass. And since she
 asked so nicely, I think I'll give it to her... right now!"

    Without warning, Dick hunched his big, powerful hips forward and
 buried his cock in poor Cathy's asshole with one solid stroke. The woman
 yelped, but to everyone's surprise did not scream out in pain. Instead
 she returned her mouth to Lisa's temporarily neglected cunt and began to
 suck and slurp noisily.

    In fact, Cathy's ass was hurting something fierce. It burnt with the
 sudden excruciating pain of penetration and ached with an almost
 unbearable stretching sensation, but she suffered in silence. From past
 experience, she knew that once her asshole got used to the massive
 intruder, it would feel much better... besides she didn't want to give
 her ex-captives the pleasure of seeing her groveling in pain as Dick
 fucked her.

    Bobby was amazed. His mother seemed to be taking that enormous cock up
 her ass without so much as a whimper! He watched as Dick pistoned the
 long, thick shaft into Cathy's clinging rectum with almost animal
 ferocity. She was moaning incessantly into Lisa's matted red pubes as she
 tongued the other woman's appreciative fuckhole. But the moans were
 obviously not pain now... they were pure pleasure.

    The pain in Cathy's asshole had quickly diminished once her anal
 muscles had stretched enough to accommodate Dick's mighty fuck-pole.
 Soon, it even began to feel good as his big prick massaged her g-spot
 through the connecting tissue separating her asshole from her vagina. A
 warm, fuzzy feeling of dull pleasure began to invade her lower body as
 Dick fucked her ass. The spreading euphoria caused her to start sucking
 and licking the tasty, squirming cunt under her mouth with a renewed
 eagerness.

    Lisa was beside herself with pleasure as she watched her big, handsome
 husband fucking the woman who was eating her pussy. It had been one of
 her most suppressed, secret fantasies to share a woman with her husband,
 now it was really happening! And despite the pain and degradation she
 must be feeling, Cathy was giving her so much pleasure with her mouth....
 Lisa almost felt sorry for her.

    Dick began to pump his hips faster and faster. Cathy's shithole was
 all slippery and buttery-tight inside and he loved the way her asscheeks
 quivered and shook with his strokes. He'd always enjoyed the long, smooth
 feel of a hot asshole around his cock. He stroked with his hips, his
 stomach slapped against the cheeks of her tight little ass and his hairy
 balls bounced against her cunt. He looked down and saw the look of lust
 on his wife's eyes and knew that she too had been secretly wanting to do
 this kind of thing for ages.

    He looked over at his son and daughter and saw that they had abandoned
 playing with each other and had decided to fuck. Kevin was on top of his
 little sister, slamming his cock deep into her tight young fuckhole with
 long, hard strokes that made the naked girl moan and whimper with
 pleasure. Kevin was porking his sister's hot little cunt really hard, and
 she was bucking her skinny young hips up in a frenzy, fucking her brother
 back with great relish, and gusto. Dick's pumping cock swelled inside
 Cathy's ass as he watched his two kids fuck. Debbie had a horny little
 cunt on her, and Dick knew that after all this was over, she'd let him
 have a piece of her hot, teenage pussy whenever he wanted. The very
 thought made his cock throb with increased excitement.

    There was a steady slapping noise as he pummeled Cathy's clinging
 asshole. His hips slapped wetly against the backs of her thighs as their
 sweaty flesh met in a blistering rhythm. He spread her legs and pushed
 down on her butt, slamming down into her ass at a steep yet mutually
 satisfying angle. Cathy groaned out her approval into Lisa's juicy, wet
 cunthole.

    "Uhhhnnnmmmmmm!"

    "That feel good now, slut?" grinned Dick, giving her a few quick hard
 stabs.

    "A little," admitted Cathy, lifting her lips from Lisa's dripping cunt
 for a moment.

    She was too proud to say that she was actually enjoying herself now.
 Her ass had accommodated itself to Dick's huge organ and she was
 definitely enjoying the slippery feel of the greased cord of cock muscle
 as it heaved in and out of her. Cathy reached back with one hand to
 massage her aching pussy. She was so hot and eager she didn't care what
 Dick might do to her, she needed to rub herself... badly! Dick's cock was
 making her feel wild, and she needed some release. It seemed as if all
 the pain she had endured had only served to intensify her lust. Now that
 the pain had abated, her body had recovered, and was making her desire
 more sensation. The relief from the slackened pain only stoked her more
 lustful, animal needs. Cathy wondered what her son was thinking about
 her, submitting so readily to their ex-captives like this. She hoped he
 would understand.

    Bobby understood alright. He understood that his mother was a horny,
 leg-spreading slut who enjoyed any cock stuffed up her hot, wet holes. He
 was angered at first, then aroused. The thought of his gorgeous mother
 submitting to a stranger, then letting him fuck her gooey, sperm-filled
 cunt or ass really excited him. The more he watched Dick plowing his sexy
 mother up the ass, the more Bobby's young cock began to swell.

    Mandy noticed it too and dropped her hand down to grip Bobby's rising
 erection with glee. The young girl had also been growing decidedly horny
 watching all the fucking and sucking going on in the room and her hot,
 neglected little cunt was twitching with need. She dropped her pretty
 young face down to Bobby's crotch and took his stiff, throbbing prick
 into her tiny mouth.

    Bobby gasped as the cute little thirteen-year-old's hot, sucking lips
 enveloped his cock. However his eyes were on the bed where Dick was
 assfucking his mother. Bobby watched his naked mom wiggling her butt
 wantonly around the big man's deeply-impaling prick and the hungry way
 she was sucking Lisa's drooling pussy. Mandy was sucking his cock like a
 demon and Bobby wished he had his hand's free so he could force the back
 of the little kid's head down over his prick as she sucked.

    Across the room, Kevin was getting ready to squirt a load of sperm up
 his little sister's hot, clinging fuckhole. Debbie was squirming her
 horny young ass around like crazy as her brother's big cock slammed into
 her juicy young cunt like a piston. Both kids were extremely close to
 orgasm.

    "Uhhhh,Jesus! Fuck! Cum in me, Kevin!", Dick heard his little daughter
 scream as she finally reached her peak.

    He watched her face as her brother hunched into her and squirted her
 tight little pussy full of cum. She looked so cute and so sexy all at
 once, and Dick couldn't wait to fuck her again himself, but right now he
 had other things on his mind. Cathy was squirming her ass back against
 his pounding cock and Lisa was squealing loudly as Cathy's lips sucked
 and squeezed his wife's, hard throbbing clit to orgasm.

    Kevin pulled his hard glistening cock out of his sister's cum-filled
 cunt and straddled his mother's face. Without a second thought, Lisa
 opened her mouth wide and took her son's sticky young prick deep into her
 mouth. She sucked it hungrily, enjoying the combined taste of her
 daughter's cunt and her son's sperm which coated the boy's long, stiff,
 meaty prong.

    Dick watched his wife clean off their son's glistening cock with her
 mouth. At the same time she was hunching her twat up at Cathy's face,
 grinding her juicy wet crotch against the woman's stiff tongue like it
 was a cock fucking her cunt. Dick liked his wife like this, doing lewd,
 wanton, exciting things with her gorgeous body. If nothing else, this
 experience had brought out their hidden sexual needs... not only his
 wife's and his own, but that of his horny young children too!

    He pounded Cathy's upraised asshole like crazy, really pumping her
 butt as he watched his wife suck their son's long hard cock to another
 enormous erection. His daughter scrambled her slender young body beside
 him and reached under to grip his balls.

    "Uuuuuhhhh, Daddy!" Debbie gasped, her breath hot in her father's ear
 as she rubbed her drooling little pussy against his thigh. "Don't cum in
 her ass. I'm so horny! I want you to cum in my pussy too!"

    "Oh, baby! I will!" gasped Dick, hunching his cock into Cathy's ass
 like crazy. "I'll fuck you, sweetheart! I'll fuck your hot little cunt
 forever!

    With a groan, he pulled out of Cathy's hot, sucking ass and wiped off
 his cock with the sheet. Debbie fell back and spread her long, slender
 legs for her father. She didn't care that her Daddy's prick was still
 slimy from another woman's ass, she just wanted him to fuck her with that
 wonderfully thick and talented cock of his.

    "Fuck me, Daddy!", she moaned as Dick fell eagerly between her
 shamelessly-open thighs, "Fuck my little pussy hard!

    And he did... much to the frustration of poor Cathy who was on the
 brink of orgasm, only to have it snatched from her grasp by Dick's
 intense lust for his sexy little daughter. She wiggled her empty ass in
 the air as she sucked on Lisa's cunt, bringing the woman to yet another
 powerful orgasm.

    Kevin watched his father pull his cock from the woman's asshole and
 saw his opportunity. His own cock was so long and hard, it was stretching
 his mother's lips to the point that she had to consciously suppress her
 gag reflex to continue sucking his immense cock.

    "Thanks, Mom", he said, pulling his young prick out of his mother's
 face with a loud plop.

    He scrambled up behind Cathy's gleaming, upraised ass and took his
 father's place. But it wasn't the woman's ravaged asshole he was
 interested in... it was her hot, juicy twat!

    Gripping Cathy firmly by the hips, Kevin positioned the tip of his
 cock against her cuntslit and thrust into her savagely. His eager young
 prick filled upthrust pussy her to the balls, making Cathy cry out with
 ecstasy. The boy's father had got her nice and hot with his painful, yet
 pleasurable assfuck, now his virile young stud of a son was going to
 finish the job by fucking her cunt! What more could she want?!!!

    Beside them, Dick was slamming his massive prick deep up into his
 daughter's tightly-stretched young cunt. Her skinny legs were wrapped
 around his powerful hips and her little ass was being pounded into the
 bed with every thrust. Debbie loved having her big handsome Daddy fuck
 her. His rasping cock made her little clitty explode with lust. Kevin's
 cock was nice and Bobby's had been what she needed at the time, but her
 Daddy's huge fucking prick was what she really wanted!

    "Fuck me, Daddy!", she squealed. "Fuck my pussy like you fucked that
 woman's ass!"

    Dick groaned with lust and lifted his daughter's legs up over his
 shoulders. In this position her tiny cunthole was almost vertical, the
 perfect angle for his deeply driving cock to pound her teenage pussy.

    As his father fucked his sister, Kevin was throwing the cock to Cathy,
 doggy-style. He loved the way her erect clit dragged along the sensitive
 underside of his prick as he slammed into her cunt from behind. With
 every thrust he was slamming her face down hard into his mother's gaping
 pussy. It made him feel like he was fucking them both at once. He looked
 down at the look of lust on his mother's pretty face and the lewd image
 of fucking her while she sucked his sexy little sister flashed through
 his fevered young brain. Kevin almost came.

    On the couch, Bobby was watching intently. Mandy's mouth was intensely
 frustrating. He wanted to get up and slam his hardon into her tight
 little twat, or do what Dick was doing and fuck the gorgeous Debbie, or
 to pull Kevin off his mother and plunge his aching cock deep up her hot,
 willing cunt, but his bonds prevented him, and horny little Mandy wasn't
 making it any easier.

    Since he obviously wasn't going to get any cunt, Bobby decided to at
 least get a little pleasure by cumming in Mandy's hot, sucking little
 mouth. But, just as Bobby was about to cum, Debbie let out a loud squeal
 and came hard on her Daddy's swiftly-pumping prick. Mandy looked over at
 Dick and saw him pull his still-hard prong from his daughter's quivering
 pussyhole. He hadn't come yet!

    Mandy dropped Bobby's erection like a hot potato and headed for the
 bed, eager for some more of Dick's enormous, glistening cock. He had
 fucked her so well before, she'd actually fainted... now the horny little
 thirteen-year-old desperately needed some more!

    "Fuck me!", she squealed, flopping on the bed with her slender little
 legs spread wide. "It's my turn now! Fuck me again!"

    Dick gazed down at the kid's hairless pink snatch and licked his lips.
 God she was gorgeous! He made a mental note to have both his wife and his
 daughter keep their pussies shaved as bare as little Mandy's was right
 now.

    "Okay, you hot little cunt!", he grinned, covering her tiny body with
 his large frame. "I'll fuck you good!"

    Mandy moaned with pleasure as her pubescent little cunt was filled
 once more with Dick's huge adult-prick. Her tiny pussy was stretched so
 much, she wondered how on earth Cathy could have taken such a magnificent
 cock up her ass without screaming, because that's exactly what little
 Mandy felt like doing too... screaming, but not in pain... in ecstasy!
 Her tight little cunt had already had Dick's huge fuckpole stretch it
 painfully to its limits... this time thought it was ALL pleasure! Mandy
 bucked her hips up at Dick's pounding thrusts and urged him on with low
 moans of delight and little squeals of pleasure.

    The bed was a fury of activity... cunt, ass, tits and cock everywhere.
 Dick fucked Mandy... Kevin fucked Cathy... Cathy sucked Lisa... Debbie
 moved about the bed lowering her drooling young pussy onto any mouth that
 was available.... and Bobby?  Well, Bobby just watched, his cock getting
 stiffer and more painful as the orgy on the bed reached its climax.

    Finally, having cum numerous times with Cathy and Mandy... and each
 other, the Ellis family lay in each other's arms in a post, orgasmic
 daze. Then Dick got up and walked over to Bobby.

    "Well, shithead, I really have to thank you," he grinned.

    "What the fuck for?" spat Bobby, glaring hatefully at the older man.

    "For bringing us closer together," said Dick with a wicked smile, "...
 and for showing us the the real meaning of family love!"

    "Fuck you!", growled Bobby.

    "No, asshole! Fuck you!!!... You see that?" asked Dick pointing at
 Cathy's cum-leaking cunt. "Well that's the last time you're gonna see
 that hot little hole for a long, long time! In fact, where you're going
 shithead, YOU'RE gonna be the best piece of ass around!"

    Bobby just glared at him as Dick and Kevin tied up his naked,
 squirming mother. They left Mandy free since the impressionable little
 blonde had really been just as much a captive as they had. Kevin took the
 van and went for help while Dick looked after the prisoners.

    When the police arrived and took Bobby and his mother into custody,
 Dick took the Sheriff aside and explained Mandy's situation, telling him
 that she had only gone along with Bobby and Cathy because of the way her
 father had treated her. The Sheriff was sympathetic and released Mandy
 into Dick's custody pending an inquiry.

    Two months later, Cathy was back in prison... Bobby was a ward of the
 state and Mandy was a fully-fledged member of the Ellis family. Her slob
 of a father had made a deal, releasing Mandy into Dick and Lisa's care
 providing no charges were laid against him for child abuse. The Ellis
 family couldn't have been happier.

    Kevin was happy, because he had another little sister to fuck. Lisa
 was happy because she now had two cocks and two pussies to keep her
 occupied. Debbie was happy because her father and brother couldn't keep
 their hands off her, and Dick was happy because he had three cunts to
 suck and fuck instead of one... and Mandy?  Well..... little Mandy was
 happy because she got to fuck them all!

                               The End.






Filename: MOM&SIS.TXT
Title: Loving Mom and Sis
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                           LOVING MOM AND SIS
                               (by EROS!)

       Here I am, 16 years of age, a year before I am on my own with no I
    idea of what I am going to do.  Mom says college, but, there is no
    way that would be possible financially.  She says that she has raised
    me and my younger sister alone and that she would finish the job.  My
    sister Sonia, 14, is herself reaching her point of maturity.  As her
    brother I never did think she was all that hot, but lately looking
    more closely I am seeing things that I never realized about her
    before.

       I had seen her one evening after she had showered and maybe she
    did not realize it but the door to the bathroom was slightly ajar. I
    could see her in the mirror while walking down the hall.  She was
    toweling her self off and I could see her firm, budding breasts as
    she wiped them.  She moved the towel lower drying herself as she went
    until she came to her pubic mound.  There she seemed to dry a little
    bit longer.  She seemed to have a glassy look in her eyes as she
    rubbed herself.  She looked up and saw me watching her in the mirror.
    Quickly she tried to cover herself and closed the door. I walked away
    with a picture of her gorgeous young body in my mind and my cock
    stirring inmy pants.

       My mother had divorced my father when I was 3 and I do not
    remember anything about him.  She never heard from him since.  She
    has tried to have different boyfriends but my sister and I always
    seemed to get in the way.  She just seemed to resign herself to
    raising us by herself.  My mother is, in my eyes at least, a very
    beautiful woman. She has a figure that would make most other 34 year
    old woman green with envy.  I could never understand why she was
    never able to stay with one person very long.  I had never seen her
    naked like I have my sister, but I have always dreamed of such a
    moment.

       One night my mother had to work late leaving me to keep an eye on
    Sis.  We both were in the family room watching television.  Sonia
    setting on the floor and myself lying on the couch.  I had ordered a
    pizza so as not to have to worry about trying to make anything for
    dinner.  While we waited for the pizza to be delivered Sonia decided
    to go take a shower. When she had finished she came into the room
    dressed in a thin bath robe.  I had already started on my pizza,
    which had already been delivered, and Sonia came over to get a piece.
    She bent down in front of me not realizing the front of the bath robe
    had fallen partially open. I could see her cute, pointy young tits as
    her robe fell away from her body.

       "Don't get any on the carpet or Mom'll kill us", I said.  She
    looked up at me, noting where my eyes were glued, and realized that I
    had different things on my mind besides pizza.  She got up quickly
    taking her dinner and turned away heading for the love seat.  Was
    there a slight smile on the edges of her mouth?

       Mom came home around 11 p.m. and looked as though she would
    collapse on the spot.  I got up a took from her the different
    packages that she was caring.

       "Go sit on the couch, Mom. I'll put these away," I told her, "You
    look like death warmed up".

       She sat down heavily on the sofa removing her shoes.  She started
    to rub her feet but I sat on the floor in front od her and took over.

       "Here let me do that", I said while gently taking hold of her
    feet.

       With light pressure I began working on her toes and moving to the
    arch.  I looked up and noticed she had laid her head back and closed
    her eyes.  Sonia said that she was going to bed and would see us in
    the morning. I continued working on Mom's feet and started moving up
    her calves using light but constant pressure.  I thought I heard a
    moan coming from her and could almost feel her begin to relax.

       "Mmmmmmm! That's nice! You're such a good boy Jason.  You always
    did know what I needed the most and when".

       I moved to the other foot and my eyes roved over Mom's thighs
    noticing how her skirt had begun to move up exposing her
    panty-covered crotch. I also noticed that Mom did not wear those
    garters or weird under garments for holding things in.  All she wore
    were thin, almost see through panties.  I could see the outline of
    her cunt-hairs through the filmy material.  A growing sensation began
    down in my crotch which made my cock start to swell. My excitement
    and Mom's nearness made me bolder and I resolved to see how far she
    would let me go.

       Hoping she wouldn't notice, I started to work my hands further up
    to her smooth, firm calves.  I rubbed her right calf feeling the
    tension run out of them.  Ever so slowly, I moved onward up to her
    knee and rubbed all the tension out of them too.  I could see that
    Mom had parted her legs just a little , maybe unknowingly, to allow
    me more freedom with her legs.  I slowly started to rub her thighs
    and to my delight, I could see her pussy more easily once I did this.

       Both my hands moved between her legs brushing both inner thighs. I
    looked up and saw Mom's lips part just slightly as this happened. Her
    eyes were still closed. I could feel her start to squirm as I moved
    closer to her pussy.  I began to rub the outside of her panties but
    surprisingly, Mom didn't open her eyes. I was sure she knew what I
    was doing by now, but she still acted as what I was doing was
    perfectly natural. I decided to go even further.

       I felt the lips of her pussy as I rubbed the full area of her
    cunt.  I could hear her breathing start to quicken as my rubbing
    started to increase speed.  I slipped a finger underneath the outer
    edge of her panties and slowly inserted it into her moist cunt.
    Probing in and out of her pussy I started to slip another finger in
    and that's when Mom suddenly opened her eyes wide and tried to close
    her legs.

       I backed off as Mom pulled down her skirt trying to hide her
    blushing face. Neither of us said a word for a while, almost as if we
    were catching our breaths. We were both breathing quite heavily,
    that's for sure. As the silence got unbearable I apologized and got
    up and headed for my room to go to bed.  I kind of felt ashamed of
    what had just happened and decided that this was something that
    should never have happened. Tomorrow was Sunday so I wanted to get up
    early and get some things finished around the house.  Mom gave me her
    usual motherly kiss and I retired to my bedroom.

       On the way down the hall I noticed that Sonia's light was still on
    so I lightly tapped on her door.  There was no answer so I opened it
    in order to turn off the light.  What I saw stopped me in my tracks.
    No wonder Sis couldn't hear me.  Lying on her bed, she had her knees
    folded up and was trying to push a big white vibrator into her cunt.
    I watched with fascination as she pushed and pulled that thing in and
    out of the folds of her pussy.  She removed it and started rubbing it
    back and forth along the lips of her almost hairless cuntslit.

       With her other hand, she was squeezing her left tit while slowly
    rocking her head from one side to the other.  I could tell by her
    quickening movements that she was about to come. I felt my cock begin
    to throb and swell between my thighs and after what just happened
    with Mom, it was fully hard in no time.

       As I watched my little sister fucking herself with the vibrator, I
    began to wish it was my rigid cock between her legs instead of the
    mechanical toy.  Her hand quickly moved down to her ass and she
    shoved a finger into her brown opening at the same time re-inserting
    the dildo slightly into her.  Her back arched and the whole bed began
    to shudder. A low grown came from her throat as she began to climax.
    Faster and faster she pumped her slick pussy. I couldn't stand much
    more. I quietly closed the door and retreated to my room.  I
    immediately began to rub my cock for some sort of relief. I began to
    imagine I was the one pounding Sis's hot young cunt. After I came I
    cleaned up and retired for the night. As I drifted off I thought I
    heard moans of pleasure coming from Mom's room next to mine.

       The following morning I was up bright and early.  I moved around
    as quiet as I could knowing this was the only day that Mom did not
    have to work.  I went outside to do some work in the garage. I
    climbed up on top of the work bench in order to get to one off the
    top shelves in order to get some tools down for some yard work.
    Fumbling around I almost fell but suddenly I felt a pair of hands
    grab me around my waist.  I looked down and saw Mom standing there
    with a smile on her lips.

       "I would not want you fall and possibly hurt the only person who
    could work on my feet like you can."

       I turned around and suddenly realized that the zipper of my jeans
    was directly in front of my Mom's face.  A sudden vision of my cock
    filling her mouth brought redness to my face.  She looked up with a
    puzzled look and started to move her hands away.  I started climbing
    down and as I moved forward her hand rubbed against my now hard
    bulge. Hoping she didn't notice I climbed down and continued outside.
    Mom followed me out.

       "Why don't we have a barbecue later on tonight?", she suggested.

       I said that would be a good idea and would get the grill ready.

       "Come into the house as soon as you can, honey.  There's something
    I need you to take care of when you're finished out here," she said.

       "Sure, great idea, Mom," I replied.

       Mom stood there a little while longer watching me while I went to
    work.  After a bit she turned and went into the house.

       Later, when I finished what I was doing, I went inside to get
    something to drink.  In the kitchen Sonia was sitting at the table
    spicing up some chicken intended for the barbecue.  "Have a good look
    last night?" she asked as I opened the door of the refrigerator.  I
    turned a a little red at that remark, but managed to recover my
    composure almost straight away. Jesus! She must have known that I was
    standing in her doorway last night.

       "What on earth are you raving about, Sis" I replied as I poured
    myself glass of juice.

       "Oh, nothing!", she said, "... nothing at all."

       I could swear Sonia had a little smile on her pretty young face as
    I left the kitchen.

       I passed Mom on the way out to the garage and told her that I
    would start the barbecue as soon as I put everything away that I'd
    been using.

       "Mmmmm... I think I should help you just so you don't fall again."
    she said following me into the garage.

       I climbed up on top of the workbench taking the tools from her and
    started to arrange them on the shelves that they had come from. Again
    I felt Mom's hands around my waist.  This time my back was to her so
    there would be no repetition of what happened this morning. I became
    aware of her hands intentionally advancing round to the front of my
    jeans.  They stopped at my belt and she immediately undid my buckle.

       I just froze there to embarrassed to think straight.  It was
    getting hard to do since I instantly became aware that my prick had
    started to ache.  Mom un-snapped my jeans and purposely unzipped my
    fly.  I just stood there wondering how far Mom would go, hoping she
    was going to do what I secretly dreamed she would do one day.

       Mom pulled down my jeans far enough to expose my briefs.  I felt
    her hands progress down underneath my underwear halting at my
    semi-hard prick.  Her long fingers wrapped themselves around my cock
    and began to stroke it gently.  She pulled down my briefs and laid
    her head just above my buttocks.  I could feel her hot breath against
    my back quicken as she started to rub my prick with more freedom.  I
    spun around with my raging cockmeat directed in an instant at her
    sensuously parted lips.  `Christ! This couldn't be happening!", I
    thought as I just stood there letting Mom fondle my rigid prick.

       My brain reeled with forbidden excitement and instinctively my
    hands reached down to the back of my mother's head and started
    guiding her lips towards my now fully-erect cock.

       "Uhhhh, Jason, we really shouldn't be doing thi... mmmmphh.." Mom
    moaned. My bloated cockhead cut off her closing words as it passed
    between her lips.

       As soon as my cock entered her mouth, Mom dropped all pretense at
    reluctance and reached out for my naked ass as I I forced my prick
    farther into her mouth.  I could feel my knees begin to tremble as I
    recognized that a fantasy has just come true. I had my cock in my own
    mother's mouth.  With that assurance I thrust a little harder driving
    my rigid prick farther into her mouth. I could feel her teeth as they
    scored along the shaft. Her lips strained wider and wider the deeper
    my cock penetrated.

       I took a a firm hold of Mom's head with both hands and started
    pumping my prick in and out of her hot mouth, slowly at first so as
    not to choke her. My balls were swaying wildly in mid-air as my prick
    disappeared and reappeared. Mom began to squeeze my ass and moan
    loudly as she sucked which only got me hotter. I felt Mom's tongue
    flicking tantalizingly along my shaft as it penetrated her lovely
    mouth deeper. She was swallowing me to the fucking balls!

       Mom began to breathe through her nose when my cock entered her
    throat. She looked up at me with a pleading look in her eyes, and as
    my eyes met hers I lunged, burying her face into my crotch.  My balls
    slapped Mom's chin as I felt her nose press into the thatch of pubic
    hairs above my cock. It was incredibly exciting to hear and feel my
    mother's hot breath snorting in my hairy crotch, not to mention the
    feel of her tight, hot mouth and throat around my prick.

       At that point I felt as though I had lost all discipline of my
    control.  I withdrew a little, and regarded a sense of relaxation in
    my mother's eyes but saw them go wide when I slammed back down her
    throat.  In and out, I jabbed my ragging rod, fucking my mother's
    face like I wanted to fuck her cunt.

       "Jesus! Suck the cum right out of my balls, Mom" I whispered. In
    response, I heard her choke a little as I drove my prick deeper.

       It still seemed like a dream! Despite all the fantasies I'd had
    about my mother, I never believed for a moment that any of them would
    actually come true!  Yet, here I was in my own garage, pounding my
    cock down my Mom's throat, fucking her gorgeous face... and she was
    loving it!

       I felt Mom's hands cautiously caress my balls.  I could't resist
    pumping my cock into her mouth real hard after that.  I could sense
    my balls commence to boil, wanting to spray out all that was stored
    in them.  I felt my cock start to lurch and I could tell my mother
    noticed it too. She tried desperately to draw back but that was not
    to be.  I buried my shaft deep into her throat when my pole began to
    drain.  I looked down and met her eyes.  Eyes with that distressed
    look knowing what was about to befall.

       I felt her gag at the initial extensive river of white fiery cum
    as it poured into her throat.  Another pump of my cock and she closed
    her eyes and began to whimper.  "Finish it", was all I said in
    response.  Why I said that I don't understand.  My cock was buried so
    deep inside of her throat that my cum was nearly to her stomach.
    Throb after throb, my prick emptied it's heaviness.  I did not
    envision it would endure this long.  Her mouth began to fill with my
    cum.  I could see a little cum overflow out the corner of her mouth.
    I began to draw back my cock so she would be able to swallow more
    easily.  After the closing cataclysm of cum I felt my prick go limp
    and withdrew my cock releasing her head at the same time.  She
    reached up with the back of her arm to clean the cum from her chin
    and turned and ran into the house.

       I quickly got dressed and followed her into the house.  As I
    entered the kitchen Sis asked me what was wrong with Mom. I said that
    I guess she must have eaten something that doesn't quite agree with
    her.

       "What kind of plans do you have tonight?" I asked.

       "Tommy said that he has to watch his baby sister so he can't go
    out later so I guess that I will be staying home again." she replied.
    "The chicken is ready whenever you are big brother" she said as she
    got up and went to her room.

       I finished cooking up the chicken and went into the house finding
    Mom preparing the rest of the meal in the kitchen.

       "I don't think that the earlier episode need be brought up again,"
    she said, "I think that things started when they shouldn't have. I
    really do not blame you.  You're a growing boy with maturing needs
    that I seem to have brought out."

       "Okay, Mom. We won't mention it again," I said, trying to make her
    feel more at ease with what had happened.

       After dinner Sis and I resigned to the family room to relax and
    watch TV while Mom finished the dishes.  Sonia said that she had
    something to do and went into her bedroom.  That left me alone to
    consider what my evening was going to turn out to be.  I got up and
    went into the kitchen noticing that my mother had changed into a long
    bath robe.

       "Is there anything I can do to help?  I could dry the dishes if
    you want", I suggested.

       "If you would please, honey" was her reply.

       I looked around and found the towel hanging on the wall to the
    left above the sink.  I reached over Mom to get to it rubbing along
    her buttocks. It was something that I didn't mean to do but I could
    tell a delicate intake of air from her as I did it.

       What happened after that I don't know why I did it.  I just
    abandoned the towel and reached around with both hands cupping my
    Mom's breasts through her robe.  I began to work them kissing the
    back of her neck. I could feel her tense up as I continued to tweak
    at her nipples.  My hands pulled apart her robe and her bare breasts
    jumped out as if they were finally free.  I grabbed her tits again
    feeling their softness and magnitude.  I began to tweak her nipples
    as I continued kissing her neck.

       One hand started to proceed lower across her belly feeling her
    muscles tense to my casual stroke.  My cock began to pulsate into
    it's entire span as my hand continued down to Mom's unshaven mound.
    My fingers began to stroke the folds of her cunt feeling the growing
    dampness encircling them.  She dropped her head back against my
    shoulder as she began to gyrate her ass into my rock hard prick.  I
    slipped one finger into her cunthole and felt her stiffen. In and out
    I slid my finger, prepping her cunt for a good fucking.  I inserted a
    second finger and began to work her juices around.  I could feel her
    cunt muscles draw together with each probe.  With my other hand I
    reached down, unbuckled and unzipped my jeans letting them slide to
    the floor.

       The head of my cock popped out above my briefs as if it were
    trying to liberate itself.  I pulled down the front of my briefs
    letting the monstrosity shoot out touching her buttocks.  I then
    reached down and lifted the back of her robe up across her shoulders
    exposing her smooth white ass.  I reached about and pulled her
    slightly away from the kitchen sink and pushed her over it, so her
    sopping cunt was open to my lustful gaze. Mom parted her legs so my
    admittance would be easier and grabbed the edge of the sink.  My cock
    stood poised at the entrance of her hairy cunthole, as I prepared her
    for an immediate hot meat injection. Holding her by the hips, I
    lunged forwards.

       I could hear Mom suck in her breath as my cock penetrated her
    deeply. She was much tighter than I had anticipated.  I then realized
    that she had both me and Sonia by cesarean section.  Her cunt had
    never been stretched.  It was still in the same contour as though she
    had just forfeited her virginity.  I was astounded at her tightness.
    I pushed harder, deliberately burying my enormous tool.  I pulled
    back ever so slightly and rammed unmercifully, impaling Mom's sopping
    cunt fully on my rock-hard prick.

       I began to fuck her eagerly, feeling my cock slam into her cunt to
    the balls with every thrust. In and out I rammed.  I could hear
    silent whimpers as Mom began to climb towards orgasm.  I quickened my
    pace as she grew nearer and nearer.  A subdued moan came from her
    throat as she came.  I could feel my cock twitch and jerk insdie her
    as it started spewing it's hot, creamy load.

       I rammed relentlessly deeper as my ejaculations quickened.  Mom
    pushed hard against me.  A feeble cry escaped her lips at her final
    spasm.  When my prick finally completed pumping we both just stood
    there letting ourselves catch our breaths.  I pulled out and quickly
    dressed.

       "Thanks, Mom!", I whispered, and before she could say anything, I
    turned and left.

       I laid in bed when I heard Mom's shower running.  Her humming
    signaled one of her happier moments.  I rolled over feeling content
    that I had made my mother finally really happy.

       The raucous buzzing of the alarm clock was the first thing that I
    heard the next morning.  I reached over and slapped the snooze hoping
    to get that nine more minutes before crawling out.  I heard some
    rustling coming from my closet and immediately jumped out of bed and
    crossed the room into my closet. Quietly moving to the back corner I
    shut the door behind me ensuring no light could get through the tiny
    but very significant peep hole I had put in the wall.

       On the other side was my sister's room.  I just didn't set the
    alarm just to get up out of bed for nothing.  I had situated the hole
    just next to a wall fixture in case that if it were found it would
    look as if someone had screwed up in the initial installation of the
    fixture and never fixed up their mistake.  I pulled a plug out of my
    peep hole and pressed my eye against it.

       I could see most of Sonia's room and her dresser mirror allowed me
    to cover the rest.  In the reflection, I could see my sister in her
    closet selecting something to wear.  Her back was to me and she had
    already removed her nightgown.  I could see her firm ripe buttocks as
    she stretched over her head to retrieve a tank top hanging in the
    back of the closet.  She turned around and started walking towards
    the mirror.  I could see her firm, round breasts, that she obviously
    inherited from Mom.  Each nipple was surrounded by a pink circle that
    helped to enhance the length of each of her nipples.

       Most girls her age have tiny pert tits that point straight out and
    almost make you feel they can take an eye out.  Not Sonia's. Hers
    were full and round with just the right amount of sag to them making
    them look full and ripe.  Her stomach was firm and smooth all the way
    down to her triangle between her legs covering her mound. She stood
    in front of the mirror holding the top in front of her making sure
    that the fit would be right.  She laid it on her bed and picked up a
    skirt she had already selected.  After inspecting that she laid it on
    the bed next to the top.

       Opening the dresser drawer, she removed a pair of hose and a pair
    of laced panties.  She sat down on the edge of her bed and lifted one
    leg up across her other knee bringing her cunt to my full view.  I
    had seen this scenario before but never tired of it. She started to
    pull on her stockings and when she reached her knee she lifted her
    leg straight up in the air spreading her cuntlips wide for a better
    inspection.  After she had covered one leg she went through the same
    routine with the other.  I could feel the bulge between my legs get
    tight against my underwear as I watched.  No matter how many times I
    had watched this I never grew tired of it.

       After she had put on her stockings, Sonia picked up her panties
    and stood up, turning around to face the bed.  She dropped them on
    the floor and when she bent over to pick them up I could see her cunt
    lips from behind bringing to mind my experience with Mom in front of
    the kitchen sink last night. She put on her panties and continued to
    finish dressing herself.  With the show over I retreated to my
    bedroom wishing, as always, that I could get into those cute little
    panties. But being brother and sister, I had never thought of my lust
    for Sonia as any more than a fantasy.... until now! Hell, if I could
    fuck Mom I could sure as hell fuck Sonia, right?

       I walked out to the kitchen to get something to eat and saw Sonia
    come in from the family room.  `God', I thought, `She is hot'. Her
    gorgeous young breasts filled her tank top like it was two sizes too
    small.  I never thought that I would ever think of Sis like this but
    after these past couple of days I almost began to forget about all
    those seemingly unwritten rules.

       "I seemed to have heard some kind of commotion coming from the
    kitchen last night", she said as she walked over to the sink. "I
    could swear that something was going on out here that might be just a
    little naughty.  But knowing you I don't think that could ever
    happen.  Besides that kind of thing is disgusting.  Kirk tried to
    play around last time I went out with him but I would't let him.
    Boys, huh.  That's all you seem to think about.  Well I don't think
    that I would ever let any man touch me."

        I sat down in surprise as I listened to my little sister go on
    and on. My God, I think the little squirt is a little bit on the dyke
    side.  That can't be.  It's was almost embarrassing to think about
    it.  And what about last night?  Did she really know something or was
    she just making a stab in the dark.  My mind was racing madly as all
    these thought entered my brain.  I would have to think about this
    hard.

       Just about that time Mom walked in after getting ready for work.
    Sonia left saying that she had a date over at her girl friends,
    Kelly's house.  I wanted to say something to Mom but in a way I
    didn't think it was my place.  Mom walked over behind me and said
    good morning but I was too deep in thought to hear her.

       "Hey sleepy head, I said good morning!"

       I turned around quickly emptying my mind of previous thoughts as
    soon as I saw my mother standing there.  See never seemed to look
    this good.  She walked over to the counter and stopped in front of
    the sink for a Moment before continuing on to the counter.

       "Well, I have to be getting off to work.  I wouldn't want to be
    late," she said.

       I asked her if she wanted me to drive her in but she said that she
    could take the bus.  I stood up as she walked over to me. She put her
    arms around me like always to give me a hug before leaving but this
    time there something more in it.  Instead of the light peck on the
    cheek she gave me a full kiss on the lips. Instinctively, for some
    unknown reason, my left arm encircled her waist as I returned her
    kiss. My right hand ran up her side and stopped over her right
    breast.  I gave it a little squeeze and could feel her inhale
    lightly.  She released her hold on me, a bit red in the face and
    turned and left. `Damn' I thought, `This could really become a habit
    around here.'

       Almost immediately my thoughts returned to Sonia.  What was
    happening with her?  Was there anything I should, or for that matter,
    could do about it?  That was something I was going to have to think
    on.

       A few hours later I got a phone call from Tommy asking if Sonia
    was around.  I told him she had gone out but should be back fairly
    soon. He told me not to bother and to let her know that things are
    off. "Cold bitch" were the last words he said before he hung up. Well
    I think that it was time that I took some steps towards finding out
    what was going on with Sonia.

    She got home about one hour later and went straight to her room with
    a package.  I figured now was about the right time to put the old
    closet back into operation. I heard her door close as I entered my
    room and silently walked into my closet.  Removing the plug I took a
    look and saw Sonia starting to undress.  I still could not help but
    admire that beautiful form of hers.  She quickly unwraped her packed
    removing a grossly overgrown copy of a man's prick.  She proceeded to
    lay down on her bed and began to run that monstrosity over her cunt,
    faster and faster she began to rub it.  I was wondering if she was
    going to try to take it all.  She began to insert that thing into her
    cunt but stopped just inside.  I could see a slight frown of pain on
    her face as she tried to push that rubber cock into her.

         `Damn she's still a virgin!' I thought.

       When I thought about it I realized that she never really did fuck
    herself even with that vibrator that I had seen her use before.
    Suddenly she got up and put the huge thing away in the bottom drawer
    of her dresser.  She dressed quickly and left her bedroom. Listening
    I heard her out in the kitchen.  I quickly walked into her bedroom
    going right to where she had hidden her new playtoy and took it.
    `Shit!', I thought. `No wonder she couldn't get that thing into her
    little cunt.  It looked like it would rip her apart!' After hiding
    it, I walked out into the kitchen, going straight for the
    refrigerator.

       "Mom said that she was going to be late again tonight," I casually
    mentioned.  "She said that she may be later than the other night." I
    asked her if she wanted something to eat but she just shook me off so
    I went on into the family room to watch some television. Sonia walked
    by me and said that she was going to bed.

       After about an hour, I woke with a start and realized that I had
    fallen asleep.  I got up, turning off the television, and headed for
    my bedroom.  I retrieved that rubber prick from my own hiding place
    inside my room and walked back out into the hallway.

       Walking down the hall, I stopped just outside Sonia's room.  I
    slowly opened the door and stepped in.  I looked across to the bed
    and noticed Sonia lying on her back with her left breast exposed
    showing the pink circle surrounding her nipple.  Her head was turned
    to the left with her lips just lightly parted.  Her breathing was
    constant and light as she slept deeply.

       "Now was the time." I thought.  "Now is the time for me to act.  I
    felt I had to try show my hot, sexy little sister what true man and
    woman fucking was really like.

       I quietly moved across the room moving to the side of the bed
    where Sonia lay.  I moved slowly and quietly so as not to wake her.
    Well, nNot yet anyway. I approached her bed unbuckling my pants as I
    grew near.  My knees began to shake and my whole body seemed to melt.
    I could not belive that I was here getting ready to do this.  I was
    only inches away when I had to take a deep breath to take control of
    my shaking.  I started to unzip my jeans but found it difficult to
    hold on to the zipper with the feebleness I seemed to have in my
    fingers.

       Setting the fake cock down on the bedside table, I lowered my
    pants to the floor and noticed the head of my hard cock projecting
    out from the top of my jockey shorts.  I pulled down the front of my
    jocks and my prick sprang free, pointing forward like a divining rod
    towards the treasure it seemed to recognize. I couldn't believe I was
    doing this. Here I was my cock directed right at my sleeping sister's
    mouth, a mouth I intended to assault.

       I inched closer to the bed taking hold of my heavy shaft guiding
    it towards Sonia's unsuspecting lips.  As I approached the bed I
    could detect her light breathing only making me more determined to go
    through with this.  My whole body seemed to liquefy in anticipation
    of what was about to happen.  I could sense her heated breath on my
    cock as I grew closer to her.  I placed my knees up next to the edge
    of the bed to hopefully brace myself.

       I looked down at my rigid manhood. A shiny bead had formed on the
    tip, and as I touched her lower lip with the head of my cock, the
    droplet stuck to it so when I pulled back a clear string hung from my
    cock-tip to her lip.  Wiping the clear slick liquid around the
    plentiful head of my prick I hoped that it would aid in the insertion
    between her pliable lips so she would be as oblivious of what was
    happening as I could conceivably keep her.  I touched both her bottom
    and top lips with the head of my cock, stopping to observe that she
    still was not conscious of what was happening to her.

       I cautiously pushed the head of my meat in between her lips
    feeling their moistened warmth.  I stopped and looked at her with my
    the head of my cock slightly between her lips.  God I hoped that I
    did not come then and there. My knees felt weak with excitement.  I
    continued my entrance until the thick head of my meat was halfway in.
    I could feel the texture of her teeth against my cock as I continued
    my entrance.

       Her teeth became a barricade that I thought would stop my advance.
    I was determined to finish what I had initiated so I pushed a little
    harder and her teeth parted allowing my cock to proceed on it's
    journey.  I could feel her teeth around the head of my meat as it
    passed through them.  The wearing down sensation thrilled me even
    more.  My knees began to tremble so violently I had to stop, suddenly
    fearing that the trembling of her bed would awaken her. I took
    another long and silent deep breath before proceeding.  I could see
    her lips open wider and wider the deeper I penetrated.

       Then finally the whole head of my cock disappeared from view.  I
    wanted to make one final push but decided against it and just to take
    it slowly at first.  I started the pressure on my fertile shaft again
    and could feel her teeth sliding down the sides of my cock.  I felt
    her tongue warm against it's head as my prick continued to it's
    destination, the sides of her cheeks crowding around my shaft.  I
    look down and noticed how white her lips had become as they strained
    to allow more and more of my cock access into her mouth.  I stopped
    when half of my meat was in and I noticed that she had begun to
    breath through her nose since my prick had completely swollen her
    mouth.

        The warmth of her exhales blowing across my thick shaft.  I just
    stood there looking down and not believing that I had actually slid
    my rod into her mouth without her even knowing it!  Ever so slowly I
    began to move my raging prick in and out of her mouth.  I continued
    this for what seemed like a lifetime.  I could just about feel the
    back side of her throat.  But the more that I watched I could not
    stand it any longer.  I did not want to spoil this by blowing my load
    right then and there.  But all of a sudden, due to my excitement, my
    knees started to shake again.  I didn't think that this time I would
    be able to calm myself.  I could feel the bed begin to lightly shake
    and noticed that Sonia had begun to stir and I thought I saw her eyes
    begin to open.  I felt her tongue begin to move around the sides of
    my rock hard prick.  It was now or never.  One ultimate thrust and I
    would be closer to my final destination.

       Her eyes suddenly opened wide in surprise as my cock quickly slid
    down her throat.  She tried to say something as if unaware that she
    had a pulsing cock buried deep down into her throat.  I quickly
    reached down and placed my free hand on the back of her head so as to
    keep her in place if she tried to pull back.  She looked up at me in
    realization as I pulled her head forward at the same time ramming my
    cock farther down her throat.  I could feel her face as it was
    pressed into my cock hairs.

        I heard her whimper so I began to slightly pull out and as I did
    she relaxed just a little sensing some relief from this attack but I
    slammed my prick deeper into her throat, slapping her chin with my
    enlarged hairy balls.  I began to pick up my motion as I felt that I
    was firmly implanted.  Faster and faster I pumped my thickening prick
    in and out of her wet throat. She seemed to be still unaware of what
    was going on except that there was this enlarged hunk of meat sliding
    in and out of her mouth and throat. Deeper and deeper I tried to
    drive my rod.

       It was hard to believe but it was true.  Here I was violating the
    very rule I had so much trouble understanding before, standing at the
    edge of my own sister's bed forcing her to take my rigid cock deep
    into her throat. `Fuck the rules!' I thought.

       I looked down, pumping wildly at my sister's mouth and came in
    full eye contact with her.  I could see the pleading in her eyes for
    compassion as I continued my relentless attack.  I felt her bring her
    hands up to my naked thighs in an attempt to either soften the
    pounding or as an effort to push away. I slowly withdrew about half
    the length of my prick and saw her close her eyes in relief, thinking
    I had finished with the violent raping of her mouth.  But that was
    not to be.

        I tightened my brace on the back of her head and as I began to
    blast my cock back into her throat I could see her try to shake her
    head no. There was no way she could have been able to say anything
    with my burning meat filling her mouth and throat.  I closed my eyes
    and began a rhythmic pumping of her throat.  In and out I slammed her
    mouth. 9 minutes I continued the remorseless pounding, listening to
    her moaning against this furious assault. I felt my mass lurch once
    ready to come.  I noticed that her eyes showed her full horror as
    they opened wide in full knowledge of what was about to happen.

       I ran my free hand down her stomach feeling her muscles tightening
    as I ran across them.  My hand found the moist area between her legs
    and enclosed around her mound.  I could feel her body jerking as I
    continued to slam inside her throat.  I ran a finger through her cunt
    lips finding the opening I was searching out.  She tried to tighten
    her legs closed but I already had entry into her tiny treasure.  I
    slipped a second finger into her cunt and began to work her juices
    up.  In and out my fingers probed, around the walls of her pussy they
    explored trying to find that barrier that I had vowed to rid her of.

       Removing my finger I found her clit and began to rub it
    vigorously.  I could feel her legs lightening up their pressure as
    she seemed to surrender to my forceful fondling. My cock began a
    sudden bucking as my balls began to boil and empty their load. She
    tried to pull back but found it to be futile.

       "Suck" I whispered as I continued to violate her mouth.

       I heard a slight whimper but then could feel a slight pulling at
    my enlarged cock as she began to comply.  I tried to hold back but
    now it was beyond my control.  The first blast of hot cum boiled out
    of my cock like a thick white stream.  Her eyes went wide as she
    tried not to swallow the load I was depositing into her throat. There
    was nothing she could do since my rod was buried so deeply inside her
    throat. Long pulsating shots of sperm filled her throat as I
    continued to pump.  I could feel as my cum began to encircle my shaft
    filling her mouth with my load.

       "Swallow!" I yelled and I could feel a slight gag as Sonia almost
    choked, but she managed to do as I asked.

       As she continued to drain my balls of all their supply I twisted
    round and dropped my head between her thighs, attacking her sopping
    cunt with my tongue. Deep into her pussy I drove my tongue.  Licking
    the inside of her cunt caused a moan of pleasure to come from her.
    With rapid movements in and out of her cunt with my tongue, I could
    feel her beginning to suck harder on my shaft the longer I continued
    bringing my cock back to full size. In and out my tongue moved.  In
    and out my cock rammed.  I heard a low moan as she began to come.  I
    felt her move her hands to my head as she began to whimper in ecstasy
    during her orgasms.

       I reached over and took hold of the dildo that I had placed on the
    bedside table.  I took hold of her thighs and spread them wide in
    order to gain access for my next act.  I could feel her continuing to
    suck at my rod running her tongue over it's entire length. Reaching
    down I spread her cheeks exposing her lightly tanned little ass.  I
    began to rub her sopping cunt with the rubber rod ensuring it was
    fully lubricated. I placed the head of the prick against her brown
    hole rubbing it back and forth.  I heard a slight moan come from her
    throat as I applied a slight pressure at her opening.

       Slowly I began to prod her ass with the rubber shaft.  I watched
    as the head slowly disappeared from view. I grabbed the dildo with
    one hand and went back to her cunt with my two fingers.  More
    pressure was given to the insertion to further along the rubber dick.
    A sudden thrust and I buried it almost to it's end.  I could feel a
    sudden heave of her lungs as the shaft entered and then a muffled
    scream.  My cock buried in her throat was the only reason her scream
    was barely heard.  I picked up the pace of her butt fucking to such a
    frenzy I was beginning to break out in a sweat.  My fingers increased
    their speed in her frothy little cunt.

       I could feel my cock begin to expand to it's full length as Sonia
    continued to work on it.  I felt her begin to shudder as my attack on
    her ass proceeded.  A loud moan escaped from around my cock as she
    started to buck during her first orgasm.  I removed that rubber dildo
    and threw it across the room having no further use for it.  I
    intended to let her experience more of the same, but this time from a
    real flesh and blood cock!

       I quickly pulled my now swollen prick from her mouth with a sudden
    pop as she continued to suck on it. I decided it was time to get down
    to serious business.  Quickly anticipating what was to come, my prick
    became rock hard.  I ordered Sonia to bend her knees up and to open
    them wide.  She knew already what was going to happen to her. After
    the last half hour she knew what the final outcome would have to be.
    I moved between her slender young thighs, kneeling above her,
    preparing for my onslaught.

       I placed one of Sonia's long, skinny legs on each of my shoulders
    positioning her for easy entering.  I place a pillow under her ass
    raising it so I could get a better view of her cunt.  I took hold of
    my rock-hard prick with my right hand as my left hand moved her
    thighs open even farther for a better entry angle.  I slid closer to
    her virgin opening bringing the head of my cock right up to her pussy
    lips.

       "Please Jason, don't, please" she whimpered.

       "No way, baby!" I growled, "I'm gonna show you what it's really
    like to get fucked.  Not with a rubber imitation prick, but the real
    thing.... all 9 inches of real thing!"

       Slowly I began my entrance into her cunt, pressing resolutely
    forward as the head of my prick slowly disappeared between her
    virginal young cuntlips.  When the head was fully inserted I pulled
    back out and started my journey again.  Just a little farther this
    time but not all the way.  Slowly I pulled back and re-entered her
    again and again, continuing this for a few more minutes, hoping my
    sexy little sister would begin to relax.

       I fucked her a little deeper each insertion, finally coming up
    against the spongy barrier of her virginity.  Lightly, I prodded at
    the membrane, sensing her cunt walls tightening around my prick at
    each contact with her hymen.  I slowly began to increase the speed of
    my probing within her cunt.  I could hear her breathing become faster
    keeping pace with each of my strokes. I reached up and began to rub
    each of the tits that I had so often longed to touch.  I began to
    knead them as if they were bread dough. The nipples came erect as if
    reaching out to be fondled.  I took each one between fingers and
    began to lightly pinch and roll them.

       Soft moans came from my sister's pretty little mouth as I
    continued fucking her shallowly.  My cock slowly prodding the
    interior of her cunt.  I looked up at Sonia and saw her lying there
    with a small smile on her lips and decided it was time.  I got up on
    my knees and put a hand on each of her shoulders and started my final
    entry into her tight little cunt.

       My cock slowly slid into her hole until it came to the barrier.  I
    was determined to finish the job and applied more pressure to my
    entry. Sonia sucked a bit of air as I began to stretch her hymen to
    it's limits.  She tried to slip upwards but my hands on her shoulders
    stopped her progress.  I sensed a slight give to her hymen so I
    pulled my ass back watching Sonia open her eyes in realization that
    the time had come.

       Without warning, I shot my hips forward, tearing through her cunt
    at a speed that no thin little wall of tissue would stop.  Sonia
    screamed as her hymen tore away allowing my huge blood-filled prick
    to pass through.  I felt my balls slap her ass as I buried my cock to
    the hilt inside her bloody cunt.  Sonia buried her face in the pillow
    to stifle her further screams.

       Slowly I pulled back then slammed back harder, moving her up the
    mattress. Faster and faster I began to pump away at her helpless
    pussy.  I reached out and grabbed each side of her head holding her
    while I lowered my mouth to her right tit.  I sucked her tit into my
    mouth and began to run my tongue around her nipple feeling it become
    harder.  I continued to suck and with the other hand started rubbing
    her other breast not wanting to miss any area of her. I nibbled
    gingerly at the nipple hearing her begin to moan. I removed my mouth
    from her tit and kissed her hotly on the lips. Her mouth opened wide
    and I felt her hot little tongue seek out mine as Sonia finally
    succumbed completely to her incestuous passions.

       In and out I continued to pump.  Shit, another dream has come
    true!  I had screwed my own mother over the kitchen sink and now,
    here I was fucking the hell out my horny little fourteen-year-old
    sister!... There is a God after all!

       Faster and faster I continued to screw Sonia's tight, slippery
    teenage pussy, never letting up, fucking her forcefully with deep,
    powerful, shuddering thrusts.  I reached down under her ass and
    lifted her hips higher so as to penetrate deeper into her clinging
    cunt.

       Harder I pounded, never letting up a stroke. The bed was
    shuddering violently as I continued pumping her tight, juicy little
    cunt with my 9 inch mother fucker. Several times I pulled out until
    just the head was inside her, then drove back in until my balls
    smacked heavily into her crinkled little asshole. I continued fucking
    my sister like this for what seemed like ages, wanting her to
    remember this fuck for a long, long time. Her moans grew louder and
    louder as I increased our rhythm.

       "Fuck me, Jason!" she screamed "Fuck me with your big, fat, hairy
    cock! Ohhhhhh, yeahhhhhh, fuck me harder you gorgeous prick!"

       To hear my little sister begging me to fuck her like that thrilled
    me even more. She didn't have to beg for it, I was intent on fucking
    her brains out, anyway. But I did as she asked and increased the
    speed and depth of my thrusts until my cock was almost a blur. Sis
    began to squeal like a pig.

       "Oooooooo! Fuck! Fuck! Oh, fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck!"

       I could feel my balls begin to boil wanting to discharge their
    scorching load.  Sonia screamed as she started to climax.  My cock
    jerked once and the hot little bitch reached down and grabbed my ass
    to draw me in farther.  Abruptly the whole world began to spin as my
    spurting cock began to dump it's load way up inside my little
    sister's snapping pussy.  I rammed my jerking prick in as deep as I
    could get it as my balls pumped out steady and continuous squirts of
    cum.  I thought I would never stop filling her cunt with my jizz.
    Finally, my cock stopped it's torrential flood into my sister's
    pussy. I collapsed on Sonia breathing hard.

       "I love you." I said as I tried to catch my breath.  Sonia reached
    down and brushed her hands through my hair.

       "I love you too." she replied.

       Suddenly the door to the bedroom opened and Mom was motionless
    there looking at us with a overwhelmed look on her face.  She turned
    and ran to her bedroom shutting her door.  I could hear her start to
    sob.

       I quickly got up grabbing my clothes and ran down the hall into my
    bedroom.  `My God,' I thought, `How much did she see?  What am I to
    tell her?  How am I going to tell her?  One thing fucking my horny
    frustrated mother... but my own fourteen-year-old sister?! How am I
    going to handle it this time?'

       I sat there on the edge of my bed pondering all these thoughts.
    After a few minutes I went into the bathroom and took a quick shower.
    Going back to my room I noticed that my mother was now quiet.  I
    stood outside her door raising my hand to knock but decided against
    it. I didn't think this would be a good time. I went back into my
    room and laid down.  I must have laid there few a couple of hours
    trying to figure out what to do.  I did not think that anything would
    ever be the same again.  I could tell Sis was still up by the
    rustling coming from her room.  I went into my closet and looked
    through the peep hole. Well this thing was not really needed any
    longer considering what had happened earlier, but I guess by habit I
    had to use it.  I could see Sonia pacing back and forth mumbling to
    herself.  I could see she was very upset about what happened.  To
    hell with this!  I had to do something about this situation.

       I threw on a robe and walked out to my mother's room.  I knocked
    on her door but no answer was heard.  I knocked again and this time I
    heard a weak reply.  I opened her door and saw her lying on her bed.
    I could tell that she had been crying.  I walked over and sat down
    next to her.  I tried but was unable to come up with something to
    say.  She was the one to start.

       "Jason, what happened between me and you today was wrong, but I'm
    a grown woman, not 14, and above all, not your sister. You're her
    older brother, you're supposed to protect her against that sort of
    thing."

       "But Mom,.....". I started to protest, but she raised her hand to
    stop me.

       "I said, what we did was wrong.  Out in the garage things went way
    too far, and in the kitchen that was a mistake too.  I shouldn't have
    let these things get out of hand.  That was my fault.  It's been so
    long since I've had anyone.  All the men that I've dated.... sex was
    the only thing they had in mind right from the start. They all think
    that being a divorced mother it would be easy for them to do. That is
    why I quit dating.  Besides who wants a ready made family these
    days."

       She tried to hold back the tears but anything else she had to say
    was cut off by her sobbing.  I moved over and put my arm around her
    trying to console her but I still couldn't come up with anything to
    say.

       "I'm sorry Mom.  I don't know how this thing happened today. Maybe
    something inside me just snapped and I went crazy.  I don't know. I
    know I was wrong.  It is hard when someone like me lives with two of
    the most gorgeous women on the face of the earth."

       That last remark seemed to bring a small smile to her face. She
    moved closer to me laying her head on my shoulder and placed her hand
    on my chest.  I started to stroke her hair in hopes that now she
    would try to calm down.  It began to work.  I could feel her body
    starting to relax. She had used up all her energy. She'd had a long
    hard day, and now she was all cried out. I continued to stroke her
    hair. Her head fell back on my arm and I looked into her eyes.

       "I love you, Mom", was all I said.

       "I love you too, baby", she replied, sleepily.

       I bent down and gently kissed her on the lips.  I kissed her
    again, more deeply this time, and she responded.  She brought her
    hand up around to the back of my neck and I felt her tongue search
    out mine. I slowly moved my hand down to her breast and began to
    fondle it through her blouse.  I could feel her tit respond by the
    firmness of her nipple. I kissed her harder and proceeded to fondle
    her other breast.

       Mom's tongue moved around passionately inside my mouth signaling
    that things may just be alright.  I started to unbutton the front of
    her blouse as her hand moved down to my groin.  I did not wear any
    underwear with my robe on as I did not like the confines they
    provided.  She wore a front snapping bra so it was easy to unhook it
    and gain access to her firm, ripe breasts. My prick had started to
    swell as soon as her tongue entered my mouth.

       By the time Mom's hand reached my cock, it was already throbbing
    and engorged with blood. She gently wrapped her fingers around the
    shaft and deliberately began to pump along the entire length.  I
    pressed my lips hard against hers, making it very clear that despite
    what she had said, I wanted the illicit intimacy we had enjoyed so
    far to continue.

       I lowered my head to my Mom's right tit and covered it with my
    mouth, sucking on just the nipple at first, bringing it to full
    turgid erection. I started to nibble on her nipple and she began to
    groan.  She quickened her pace on my pole as I moved to her other
    tit.  I started to move downwards kissing and licking throughout the
    entire journey. Slowly I removed her skirt and pulled down her lace
    panties. They were moist at the crotch, wet with incestuous arousal.
    I pulled Mom's panties off over her legs and threw them over my
    shoulder, my eyes on her gorgeous, naked cunt. With a moan, I dipped
    my head between her thighs and pulled her knees apart.

       My tongue separated her hairy cuntlips and began to flick her
    clit. Her moans became louder as my tongue and lips moved up and down
    the length of Mom's creamy gash, paying particular attention to her
    tiny cunthole. I probed my tongue inside, licking from side to side
    and driving deep inside her.  Her back arched, and Mom began to roll
    her head back and forth in sweet ecstasy.  I positioned my knees on
    either side her head lowering my cock down towards her face.  I
    didn't know how she would react after what had happened in the
    garage.

       My question was soon answered when I felt her lips wrap themselves
    around my prick.  I could feel her starting to suck deeply.  My mouth
    clamped on her pussy sucking every drop of juice out of her.  My
    tongue continued fucking her hole like a minuature prick.  She pushed
    her hips up as if to force my tongue deeper into her tasty cavity.  I
    drove my cock with no resistance deep into her throat.  I tried to
    pull out but her suction was so great I found it difficult. I began a
    deliberate and rhythmic fucking of her mouth while working on her
    cunt with my own mouth.  Her hand began to gently fondle my balls
    which like always seems to trigger the eruption.  Within seconds, my
    sperm blasted down her throat, and Mom never missed a beat,
    continuing to suck out every drop. At the same time I could feel her
    coming too.  Her cunt juices began to flow wetting my face.

       I pulled out of her mouth spinning around.  I lifted her legs
    placing them on my shoulders and inched up between her thighs until
    the tip of my cock was against her gorgeous cunt. Mom arched her hips
    up towards me and moaned.

       "Fuck me, Jason! Fuck the shit out of Mommy's horny cunt!" Mom was
    obviously anxious for a really energetic fuck and I was just as
    anxious to give it to her.  Just then Sonia walked into the room.

       "Well" she said "and I thought that you two weren't going to be
    talking to each other."

       With that comment I drove my cock to the hilt deep into my
    mother's pussy.  Like I said she is as still as tight as the first
    time.  I could feel the folds of her pussy wrap themselves around my
    cock.  A fast and furious pace was set for this fucking. In and
    deeper I tried to drive my rod.  I could feel the back of her womb as
    I pounded without mercy.  Faster and harder I rammed her cunt.  She
    wrapped her legs around me to bring me in deeper. Her cries of
    ecstasy began during her orgasm.  My cock began pumping, spewing all
    of it's juices into her womb.  It seemed like an eternity before my
    cum finally stopped draining.  I kissed my mother with her tongue
    meeting mine.  After we separated Mom looked at Sonia and said, "Come
    here, honey. I'm sure Jason won't mind if we share him."

       With a giggle, Sonia removed her clothes and joined us on the bed.
    She looked at my limp cock and pouted.

       "He's gone soft, Mom. How long before you he can get it up
    again?", she asked hopefully.

       "Not long, if one of us sucks it, honey", said my Mom.

       I suddenly had an idea.

       "Why don't you both suck it", I grinned. "Then it'll come up twice
    as fast!" Mom smiled and looked at my sister, who nodded in silent
    agreement.

       Mom reached over, caressing my balls with her right hand,
    fingering her pussy with her left.

       "Okay, Sonia honey, you go first. Let's see how quickly we can get
    this droopy thing servicable again", she said with a laugh.

       Sis lowered her mouth to my cock and sucked it fully into her
    mouth, something she couldn't do when it was fully hard. I felt my
    prick begin to expand in her hot, wet little mouth almost
    immediately. I fondled Mom's tits as Sonia sucked me. She had nice
    full breasts that had a slight sag, just enough to undulate nicely
    when she was fucked hard.  Sonia's tits were much smaller, but more
    than a mouthful, and firm... very, very firm, with dark, full
    nipples. Mom leaned over and began to tongue my balls as Sis sucked
    my cock. She sucked first one and then the other into her mouth and
    sucked gently. I almost hit the fuckin' roof! Then she ran her tongue
    around the part of my cock that protruded below my sister's pretty
    pink lips.

       "Mmmmmmm, nice," she said, looking up at me sexily. "Nice and
    lickable."

       Mom licked and kissed her way up my belly, over my chest, and up
    my neck, stopping only when she reached my left ear.

       "I want to watch you fuck your sister, Jason." Mom said. "I want
    to see you fuck her properly."

       "I will, Mom", I moaned, nibbling her neck.

       "But try not to come, okay? 'Cause I want you to squirt all that
    lovely come of yours in me, baby!", she added, running her fingers
    suggestively through her slippery gash.

       Mom slithered back down my body and joined Sonia at my cock. I
    watched them go at it. It was highly erotic. Their lips and tongues
    would meet along my shaft occasionally. The collisions seemed
    accidental at first, but soon became more frequent and lingering,
    until eventually they actually exchanged a quick tongue kiss every
    time their lips met. I was in seventh heaven. Mom and Sis were having
    so much fun, they seemed to forget about me, for the moment at least.
    They kissed and licked, and sucked at my prick until it was so hard a
    cat couldn't scratch it. Eventually, I tapped Mom on the shoulder and
    pointed at my cock. She got the message.

       "I think he's ready again, Sonia." Mom said.

       Sis reluctantly took her mouth from my cock and sat up. Mom helped
    her straddle my erect pole, holding it steady as Sis lowered herself
    onto me. The flared knob parted her tight little cuntlips and slid
    inside. We both moaned. Sis hunched down as I hunched up, and I slid
    into her all the way. She was real wet from sucking me, and with the
    added advantage of her being on top, I had no throuble in penetrating
    her hot, juicy little cunt to the balls. I spread my legs wide and
    grabbed Sonia's hips, letting her lean forward so I could suck her
    tits. We rocked slowly back and forth, working my cock around in her
    tight, wet pussy. Mom sat beside us, watching Sonia's stretched cunt
    move up and down on my shaft.

       "Uhhhhh, God that's so sexy." I heard Mom say.

       I soon felt her hands on my balls, and she even rubbed some of
    Sonia's pussy cream on them. At the touch of Mom's hand on my balls,
    I began to fuck my squirming little sister in earnest. Our hips began
    to sway and rock faster, and I whispered into her ear.

       "Fuck my big, fat cock, baby. Yeahhhhh, ride me like a horse."
    Sonia moaned, and began rocking her hips faster. I grabbed her boyish
    hips and began pumping her with hard strokes, making her perfect,
    little ass ripple.

       "Oh, yeah, fuck her, Jason!" Mom said. "Fuck her nice and hard!"

       As I speeded up, Sis went a little wild, and I slipped out of her
    steaming cunt. She rose up, and I felt Mom's hand wrap around my
    cock.  A warm wetness enveloped me once again and I arched my hips.
    To my surprise, I heard Mom gag, and realized it was her mouth I was
    in, not my sister's pussy. She sucked a bit more, then pushed me back
    into Sonia's gaping cunthole. Sis slammed down on me, and we began to
    fuck again, hard and fast. She'd heard Mom suck me, and to both of us
    the idea that our mother would suck my cock, fresh from Sonia's
    dripping cunt, was extremely erotic.

       "Fuck you sister hard." Mom said, "She likes that."

       I knew that well, Sis was wailing like banshee. Mom was sitting
    behind Sis, between my legs, watching the action. I couldn't see her,
    but I felt her hand moving rythmically against my calf, and I knew
    she was playing with herself. I pictured her sitting there fingering
    her dripping pussy as she watched us fuck, her nipples hard, and her
    daughter's taste still in her mouth.

       Sis was close to coming, with me still trying not to. I remembered
    Mom's promise, and did my best to hold back, but it was hard. My
    sister had the hotest, tightest, juiciest cunt I'd dver fucked. I
    gritted my teeth and gave her a few extra-deep pumps, trying to make
    her come, but she wasn't quite ready yet.

       I leaned back and let go of her, letting Sis have free rein. Her
    hands were on my shoulders and her cunt was slamming up and down my
    cock, her little tits jiggling like crazy.

       "Go for it Sis!" I said. "Fuck me! Fuck your brother's big fat
    cock!!"

       Sis moaned and began rocking and humping down onto my cock real
    hard, head back, eyes closed, back arched. I grabbed her tits and
    squeezed.

       "Uhhh! Oh, shit, Jason!" she squealed. "I'm almost there! Oh, fuck
    I'm close!"

       "That's it, Sis," I said when her movements became long, rocking
    motions, "Let Mom see you milk my cock with your hot, little cunt!
    Let her see you fucking that nice hard cock!"

       Sonia moaned and her body shook. She rotated her hips and began
    rubbing her clit at the base of my cock. She leaned over me, hands on
    the bedhead, grinding her clit against me, moaning and shaking all
    over.

       "Yesssss! Cum, you hot little slut! Cum all over my cock." I
    hissed.

       Sis then did what she does best.... cum. She almost jumped up and
    down on my cock several times, then sat upright, squeezing her tits.
    I could feel her cunt squeezing, milking me, sucking my cock into her
    depths. I let her use me as a dildo, letting her have all the fun. I
    was saving my jizz for Mom!

       "Oooooooh, cum in me, Jason!" Sis groaned. "Give me your cum!"

       I almost relented right then and there, and let her have it too,
    but Mom reached out and squeezed my balls. It was more of a warning
    than anything, but it served to stave off my own orgasm which had
    been fast approaching. Mom's other hand began fondling Sonia's tits
    and they kissed, hotly. Mom was beside us now, so I could reach her
    easily. I felt between her legs and stuck two fingers up her cunt.
    Her hips took off in a frenzy of rocking motions, working up and down
    on my fingers like Sis was working up and down on my cock.

       "Uhhhhhh, yeahhh! Fuck those fingers right up there, baby", Mom
    growled. " Fuck momma's hot cunt!"

       Her cunt was hot alright, and wet... very fucking wet! The stuff
    was dripping out all over my hand.  Every few moments, she'd stop and
    arch herself straight up, then down again, impaling herself violently
    on my fingers. Sis was in orbit, moaning and writhing like a whore.

       "Fuck me. Cum in me. Fill me." she panted. Her body began to gleam
    with a fine sheen of sweat. I did too, making our slippery flesh
    slide sexily over each other like a well-oiled engine. Mom held her
    and sucked her tits, at the same time reaching down between us to rub
    her clit and my cock at the same time.

       "Cum, my baby! Cum! Yes, yes, cum hard!", Mom chanted. Her fingers
    were rubbing Sonia's clit like crazy. It was enough to send Sis over
    the edge. She shuddered suddenly, and her back arched, then she came,
    moaning and whimpering like a little baby.

       "Oh, God! Oh, fuck! Jesus, I'm cumming, Mom!", she screamed. "I'm
    cummmminng!"

       I grabbed Sonia's skinny little hips, and held her in place while
    I pumped in and out of her furiously. Her ass rippled, her cunt
    contracted, and her tits bounced with the impact as I fucked my
    sister through her climax. She collapsed on top of me, her little
    cunt squeezing my still rock-hard prick in ripples of ecstasy. We
    caught our breath and I rolled on top of her, my cock still buried
    inside her gooey little cunt.

       "Nice one, Sis?", I asked, slowly moving my prick in and out of
    her.

       "Oooooh, Jason! It was fantastic! I love fucking you," She said,
    hugging me tenderly. The she felt how hard my cock still was. "But
    you didn't come!" "I know", I said. "Mom wants me to fuck her now,
    don't you Mom?"

       Mom hugged us both and fondled my ass.

       "I sure do, baby!", she grinned shamelessly.

       I pulled a little reluctantly out of Sis' tight, wet litlte
    fuckhole and sat up. Mom took one look at my glistening wet cock and
    dived for it like a dog after a bone. She had it licked it clean
    within seconds. By this time, I was pretty anxious to get off.
    Fucking my sister's tight, teenage cunt without cumming had whetted
    my appetite, now I really wanted to fuck my Mom with a vengenance. I
    pulled her mouth off my cock and attempted to roll her onto her back,
    but she stopped me.

       "No, baby. Tasting Sonia's juice on your cock has given me a
    better idea."

       Mom, turned around and knelt on all fours, her head between
    Sonia's lewdly open thighs, presenting me with a rear view of her
    gorgeous cunt.

       "Fuck me, Jason!", she moaned, lowering her mouth to my sister's
    well-fucked cunt. "Either hole will do, honey. Just fuck momma, hard
    and fast, baby!"

       With that, Mom leaned over and licked Sonia's clit making her
    jump. After the heavy fucking I had just given her, Sis' clit was
    sensitive. And she was incredibly wet too. I could see that. Her
    creamy little thighs were real slick with her spendings. I moved up
    behind Mom and felt her cunt. She moaned as I slid a couple of
    fingers into her. I wiggled them around. More moans, although a
    little muffled now that Mom had her lips plastered over my sister's
    cunt.

       Sis was moaning too, writhing her little hips all over the bed as
    Mom sucked the cum out of her twat. I grabbed Mom by the hips and
    pulled her ass back onto my cock. Her mouth came off Sonia's cooze,
    and she arched her back as my hard length slid deep into her cunt
    from behind.

       "Ohhhhh, Jesus, that feels good, baby!", she moaned. "God, I love
    your cock!"

       I hunched forwards pushing Mom's face back into my sister's
    snatch, and my dick into the depth's of my mom's horny cunt. Now it
    was my turn to groan. Mom's pussy felt like a hot, wet, satiny vice.
    It rippled around my cock, gripping my shaft tightly. Then, I began
    to move in her, fucking her slowly at first, then more vigourously as
    Mom began hunching her ass back against me in an increasingly urgent
    rhythm.

       While I fucked Mom, I watched her suck Sonia's pussy. It was
    heaven to watch. Mom knew exactly which buttons to press. Sis had her
    head flung back, and her eyes closed as Mom's lips and tongue worked
    her over. She was biting her bottom lip as she always does when she's
    in extreme pleasure, her little tits jiggling from my thrusts into
    Mom's pussy. Every time I lunged forwards, Mom's face would press
    into my sister's cunt, making her moan. Mom's tongue was really
    giving her hot little slit a lashing.

       Mom reached up and began to massage Sonia's boobs, squeezing her
    hard little nipples between thumb and forefinger. I reached under my
    mom and did the same to her dangling titflesh. Mom began moving her
    ass in a slow, circular pattern, wiggling her butt against my cock. I
    started pumping her solidly, driving my cock in and out of her
    beautiful, tight cunt with complete abandon. Mom bucked her ass
    against my abdomen, snorting rather than breathing, as she tried to
    keep her mouth firmly glued to Sonia's writhing cunt.

       I was all the way inside my mother, to the hilt, pressing my pubic
    hairs against hers, allowing them to mingle with hers, working my
    pubic bone against her clitoral area. She pushed her cunt against me,
    straining to arouse her clit. I slowed down a little, letting her use
    my cock. Sometimes I shoved it deep inside and held it there while
    she bucked her twat up and down on it, while other times I rode the
    crest of her undulating hips as we fucked in unison. Mom's ass was
    high in the air, the angle perfect for deep penetration, and my cock
    was rock-hard. Fucking her like this was the best yet. I couldn't
    wait to try it with Sis.

       I dropped a hand under Mom's belly and played with her clit. She
    squealed with pleasure and much to Sonia's displeasure, lifted her
    mouth from Sis' pussy.

       "Oh, god, don't stop, Mom!  Don't stop eating my pussy!", screamed
    Sonia, and reached up frantically to bring Mom's head back down.

       But she didn't have to worry, Mom had no intention of stopping for
    long. My hand on her clit had distracted her temporarily. When Mom
    resumed her snack I began pounding her pussy with my engorged cock.
    Grabbing mounds of flesh at her hips, I straightened my back and
    thrust against Mom's ass, fucking her horny, clinging twat as hard as
    I could.

       Sonia came with a loud screech as I felt my own climax peaking.

       "Uhhhhhh, God! I'm cumminggg, Mom! Fuck! I'm gonnnnnna cummmmmm!"

       "C.. cum in her!" moaned Sonia between cuntal spasms. "Fill Mom's
    cunt up with your stuff Jase!"

       I slammed Mom's cunt hard. Once, twice, three times, and a huge
    surge ran through me, contracting my body into one last, massive,
    primal thrust to shoot my sperm deep inside my mother's steaming
    twat. Just as I started to let go, Mom's tongue licked Sonia into
    another orgasm and all three of us climaxed simultaneously.

       I threw my head back and arched up, lifting off the bed and
    cumming hard inside Mom. Sonia yelped at the huge thrust, and then
    shuddered.

        "Ohhhhhhhhh! Ooohh! Ohhhhhh! Goddddd!! Suck me off, Mom!"

       Over and over I spurted, sending thick, hot streams splashing up
    inside Mom's tight tunnel. The warmth of my sperm washed back over
    the head of my cock, and I spurted again. Mom's tongue continued to
    send Sonia into orbit. I held Mom tight to me, my face buried in her
    neck. Her spasming pussy milked me dry, and we were both panting
    hard. I kissed her neck gently and squeezed her in my arms as we all
    came slowly back to earth.

       "Oh God!" Mom said, "That was great!"

       "Mmmmmm, same here!", moaned Sonia stroking Mom's cheeks lovingly.

       "I want to suck you now, Mom!", said Sonia with a devilish little
    grin.

       "Huh? Right after your brother has just filled me with cum?" asked
    Mom incredulously.

       "Sure, why not! I've tasted his cum before," Sonia smiled,
    dropping her head between Mom's lewdly open thighs.

       I looked down and felt my sister's hair against my crotch and
    watched her begin licking Mom's cream filled pussy.

        "Oh! Sonia, baby! Ohhhhh!...Oh! Oh! Ohhhhhh!" moaned Mom, lifting
    her hips up at Sis' eager young tongue.

       I grabbed Sonia's ass and spread her little cheeks, pulling her
    against me.  She was making loud wet, licking noises in Mom's pussy
    making Mom's hips begin to rocking urgently.

       "Uhhhhhh! Don't stop! Don't stop licking Momma's cunt, baby girl!"
    she cried.

        Mom's clit protruded from under it's hood. Not a glistening, pink
    pearl, but a long, glistening, bullet shaped pink clit, sticking out
    from under it's hood by at least an inch, maybe more.

        "Suck my clit, honey!" Mom gurgled, pulling her lips apart to
    expose more of it.

        "Oh Mom!" Sonia gushed. "It's so big!"

        "And sensitive I'll bet." I said.

       I moved back and watched Sonia, and she began sucking it like a
    very short cock. Every now and then she licked the thick, white cream
    that flowed from Mom's cunt. It was extremely exciting watching my
    little sister suck the sperm from my mother's juicy wet cunt,
    especially since I had been the one to deposit that hot, creamy load
    there in the first place. I kept my eyes on my sister's mouth.

       Sonia lifted her head, and a string of her saliva ran from her
    lips to Mom's clit. Sonia practically drooled onto Mom's hairy cunt,
    then licked down the length of it. Mom was moving her hips slowly
    with each lick.

       "Lick her clit again, Sis!" I said, and Sonia she began flicking
    her tongue across Mom's large, trembling fuckbud. Mom moaned and
    rocked her hips harder. Suddingly, an idea came to me, and I told
    Sonia to stop for a second.

       I straddled Mom, pushing her legs together, with her clit peeking
    out from between her legs. I was still semi-hard, and I positioned
    myself over her mons. She looked at me curious about what I was going
    to do.  I began jacking off, my balls hanging down low, swayed and
    bounced as my hand worked my shaft. I lowered down, letting my balls
    begin slapping against her bare mons and long clit.

       "Ohh!" Mom gasped. Then after a few seconds of the sensation, she
    began rocking her hips up to meet my balls.

       "I bet you'd like me to fuck your sweet, creamy cunt and cum all
    over your big clit, wouldn't you, Mom?" I said lustily. Mom moaned
    softly, pulling on her taut nipples. "I'm going to fuck you hard and
    fast, then shoot my hot, creamy sperm all over your clit; make it hot
    and wet with my thick cum and watch you cum."

       Mom's hips were bucking up and down and she was breathing
    raggedly. Sonia fingered herself, and then leaned over to suck one of
    Mom's nipples. Mom grabbed Sonia's head and pulled her down and
    shoved her tit into her mouth.

       "Suck it. Suck it hard. Fuck me. Fuck me now!" Mom pleaded.

       I got off and spread her legs wide, and slid my cock into her very
    tight pussy. She was so wet that I went in easily, and I leaned
    forward to press my crotch against her clit.

       "Ohhh yesss!" Mom cried. "Fuck me! Fuck me again, with your big
    fat prick, baby!!"

       I began pounding her hairy wet cunt hard and fast, making her
    moan. Her muscles contracted around me over and over. She moaned and
    began shaking frantically. Somewhere about then, Sonia began biting
    Mom's nipples gently and pulling her own nipples hard. Mom's pussy
    made wet slurping noises, as though it were trying to suck the cum
    out of my balls.

        "Fuck her!" Sonia hissed. "Cum all over her!"

        I couldn't stand it anymore, and I felt the familiar surge deep
    in my belly. I slammed Mom's cunt with long, hard, deep strokes that
    made her whole body shudder with the impact, and Mom cried out with
    small, high pitched cries. The first burst of cum spewed into her
    tight, slippery cunt, and I gritted my teeth as I pulled out. The
    second spurt sent a thick stream of cum over her belly to land
    between her tits, one drop hitting her just below her lower lip. I
    held my cock to her clit and milked it in my fist, spurting thick,
    white cream all over her throbbing clit. It ran down her cuntlips as
    more spurted against her sensitive button.

       Mom's body arched and she moaned, her face contorted in rapture.
    Her spasming cunt made a wet sucking noise, and her cunt cream
    splattered against my swinging balls. She shook uncontrollably, her
    legs squeezing around my waist tightly.  The last drop of sperm
    dribbled onto her soaked clit and her ass was clenching, shaking her
    up and down.

       Sonia bent down and began licking my sperm from Mom's belly,
    moving slowly lower towards her gaping cuntslit, following the trail
    of cum I had left for her. As soon as Mom felt Sonia's pert little
    tongue licking the cum off her clit, her legs flung open wide.

       "Suck me! Suck my clit! Suck it!" she screamed.

       Sonia licked and lapped Mom's sperm-covered cunt, and Mom came
    again. Then again. Each time, her pulsing, spasming cunt made wet
    noises and her juices sprayed against my balls. I remained hard
    enough, so I pushed my cock back inside her, and felt her spasming
    cunt wrap around me. She came again.

       When Sonia finally stopped, and I pulled out gently, Mom curled
    into a ball, smiling and moaning softly. All three of us were
    exhausted, yet still aroused. Just touching Mom made her shudder, and
    Sonia and I curled up around our mother, protectively.

       Some time later, near midnight, I carried Mom to her bed, where
    Sonia insisted that we put her in the middle. We curled around her,
    warm and snug, and kissed our tired little blonde good-night.  I
    kissed Sonia, then stroked her cheeks lovingly. Her blue eyes sparked
    over Mom's breasts at me. I wanted to fuck my horny little sister
    again, but I was too exhausted. Mom opened her eyes and saw the
    lustful looks us kids were giving each other.

       "Better get some sleep you two," she whispered. "You're going to
    need it."

       ... And, she was right!

                                 The End.




Filename: MOM-MAST.TXT
Title: Masturbating Mom
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                          Masturbating Mom
                             (by EROS)


   I was totally horny.  I couldn't stand it any longer.  My husband, Jim
 was away on business again and I couldn't wait another minute, much less
 another two days.  My son, Paul was out on a date, so I was all alone in
 the house... alone and frustrated! My pussy wanted attention in the
 worst way. Since Jim wasn't around to help the situation, I was just
 going to have to take matters into my own hands.....so to speak.

   I wasn't new to masturbation.  Quite the contrary.  I loved doing it.
 It was fun.  Some of my girl friends said that they would never do such a
 thing to themselves.  It was too "dykey".  That's a lot of crap.  I like
 it.  It feels good.  But I don't have any desire to mess around with
 other women.  It's just a personal experience that I enjoy whenever Jim
 can't fulfill my needs.  (Actually, I think some of my friends really do
 it, but they're too chicken to admit it.)

   So, there I was... horny as a girl could be, and the house completely
 to myself.  I was all alone.  I was really going to enjoy this.  I put
 some light music on the stereo in the bedroom, turned down the lights,
 and pulled the corner of the sheets down on my side (the left) of the
 bed.

   Then I went and took a shower.

   While drying off in the dressing area, I glanced at my reflection in
 the mirror.  "Not bad for 35", I thought.  I was in pretty good shape. I
 looked like I was in my twenties, rather than a tired old mom of 35.  Up
 to now, I had little trouble keeping my 5'-6" frame at a steady 110
 pounds.  I was especially thankful for the appearance of my breasts.  Not
 huge by some standards (36D), but Jim insisted that their shape and size
 is perfect for me.  I believe him.

   I'm not really preoccupied with my body.  I just take inventory from
 time to time.

   Now it was time for some periodic maintenance.  I took my razor from
 the drawer and made my way into the bathroom.  With one leg up on the
 edge of the toilet, I began to shave the three-day stubble from my
 hairless cunt. Yes... hairless! It had been my husband's idea. Jim loves
 to eat my pussy more if it's completely shaven. He told me once that it
 was because it made me look even younger. I think he's got a fantasy
 about fucking little girls, maybe he even does... but I don't care as
 long as he brings that big, thick cock of his home to me when he's
 finished.

   With a splash of my favorite after-bath, I was finished.

   I made my way back to the bed and hopped in.  I put the covers over me,
 put my arms behind my head and relaxed.  (Gee, I just love how the cool,
 satin sheets feel against my naked body, especially my hairless pussy.)

   This was always the hardest part.  What do I start to think about? How
 do I get in the mood. I wondered what my husband was doing right now...
 fucking some squealing little motel maid senseless, no doubt. Oh, I knew
 what he got up to on these business trips. How? He told me!... Yep, Jim
 told me everything. I didn't mind... in fact, it actually enhanced our
 sex life. When Jim came home and told me of his sexual `indiscretions'...
 in detail... we normally fucked for hours! So noisily at times, I was
 certain our son, Paul, could hear us.

   I suddenly wondered if Paul masturbated while Jim and I fucked. A vivid
 image of my son lying back on his bed, cock in hand, fisting it while he
 listened to Jim fucking the living daylights out of me, flashed into my
 horny mind. My pussy began to itch with moist arousal. Jesus! What was I
 doing! I was getting sexually aroused by thinking about my own son! I
 tried to stop thinking about it, but the image remained. Have you ever
 tried NOT to think about something? The more you try, the more you can't
 stop!

   In desperation, I looked frantically around the room for something to
 distract my lustful incestuous thoughts. I looked to my left and could
 see myself in the mirrored closet door.  I flashed back to when I saw
 myself in the dressing area mirror and how glad I was about how I
 looked.  I began to wonder what Jim and I looked like when we made love.

   I stared at my reflection in the mirror.  I watched the covers rise and
 roll as I moved my right hand over to my left breast.  I cupped it
 gently. I ran my fingers lightly around the underside and would
 occasionally push it up in a reassuring grasp.  "What does this look
 like?", I wondered.  I bet Paul would love to see that. STOP IT!, I
 thought, you're his mother for crissakes! I rolled onto my left side and
 continued to look at myself in the mirror.  I pulled the covers down
 until my navel was visible.  I looked at how my full breasts formed a
 deep line in the middle of my chest.

   My caressing, however gentle, had caused my nipple to shrink and become
 erect.  I liked it.  All thoughts of my son had vanished, or rather, been
 temporarily suppressed.... I was feeling good!

   I widened my touch to cover my entire left breast.  A great tingle shot
 through my body the first time my nipple was rubbed by the palm of my
 hand.  I began to lightly squeeze my breast, leaving my nipple exposed in
 the space between my thumb and forefinger.

   I was beginning to feel the benefits of my caresses in an area other
 than my breasts.  I could feel a dampness beginning to form deep within
 my groin.

   Soon my left nipple was getting a bit too sensitive to my touch.  I
 brought my hand to my mouth and briefly sucked on the index and middle
 fingers.  I returned my hand to my breast and deposited as much saliva as
 I could directly on my nipple.  This certainly helped.  I repeated the
 process with ever increasing frequency.  I expanded my attentions to
 include both breasts.

   After a while, I found that my saliva wasn't helping with the
 increasing speed and firmness with which I was caressing myself.  I
 needed a thicker, and more slippery, lubricant.  I definitely knew where
 to find one.

   Still on my side, I continued to watch in the mirror and uncovered the
 rest of my body.

   I started to raise my right leg.

   I had a perfect view of my pussy.  As I my leg rose, I could tell that
 my wetness had caused the lips of my pussy to stick together.  As it went
 higher and higher, my lips began to open on their own.  It was a very
 erotic sight.

   I used my index and ring fingers to spread my cunt lips.  I could see
 my fully exposed clitoris and the opening to my vagina clearly in the
 mirror. I slowly pushed my middle finger into my cunt.  I let out a short
 gasp. (There is something very unique about the first stroke into a
 woman's vagina.) I moved it around and felt every bump of my precious
 insides.  I began to move my finger in and out; knowing that this would
 cause my body to immediately produce more of the lubricant that I sought.

   Indeed it did.  Soon my hand was coated with the clear fluid.  I
 removed my hand and moved it towards my breast.  I was excited with
 feeling of the warm slippery juices clinging to my fingers.

   Eagerly, I began to spread the slick lubricant over my nipples.  My
 body reacted instantly.  My pussy rushed to make more and my nipples sent
 shivers the length of my body every time my fingers touched them.  Again
 and again my hand returned to between my legs for the sensuous nectar.
 Faster and faster I rubbed it all over my breasts.  My breathing became
 faster and heavier.  As it evaporated, I could feel my chest becoming
 more and more sticky.  Every time I moved and my breasts would part, I
 could see my juices clinging to try and maintain contact with both of
 them.  I could now smell the musk that I was so happily spreading on my
 body.

   The mirror was unimportant now.  I shut my eyes and laid flat on my
 back. Both hands were free to bring the wetness from my cunt and place it
 anywhere I wanted.

   I used my right hand to caress my breasts and allowed my left to remain
 between my legs.  I inserted my middle and ring fingers into my vagina
 and rubbed my clitoris with the upper part of my palm.  I was in ecstasy!

   I began to use my right hand to feel what my left was doing to me.  As
 if detached from my body, I wanted it to feel my middle finger move in
 and out of my vagina.  I wanted it to feel how, with each outward
 stroke, a small amount of my inner flesh would follow my finger out.
 Faster and faster I moved my fingers inside my body.

   I brought my wet right hand up to my nose and took in a deep breath of
 the sweet magic aroma.  I opened my eyes only to briefly look at my slick
 glistening fingers before they disappeared into my mouth.  I licked and
 sucked feverishly at every digit.  It was like I had a great thirst that
 would never be satisfied.  Again and again I wet my hand with my cunt
 juices and coated my lips and tongue with the special taste.  My left
 hand continued the in and out thrusting of my fingers and the up and down
 caressing of my clit.  My eyes remained riveted shut.  I was a million
 miles away.  My orgasm was fast approaching.

   "Mom", is what I heard and it seemed to echo from a great distance.

   But it was close.  Paul had come home early from his date and was
 standing right next to the bed.  My body tensed and instantly froze.  My
 mouth was open and my tongue was between my fingers.  My legs were spread
 eagled on the bed and my exposed pussy was in plan view.  Two fingers of
 my left hand was still buried deep inside my vagina.

   After a tenth of a second, that seemed like an eternity, I relaxed
 again. My passion, momentarily gone, had now returned with full force.
 When my eyes focused for the first time, I could see that Paul had been
 there for some time, stroking his cock.  He was completely naked.  His
 magnificent young prick was fully erect and standing straight out from
 his body. The tip of his penis had already begun to ooze its own clear
 wetness.

   There we were... mother and son... both naked. Me, totally exposed
 along one side of the bed, involved in what was up to now, a completely
 private experience.  There was Paul, leaning against the bed, a huge,
 throbbing erection in his young fist... obviously excited. Then he spoke
 again, very softly.

   "Don't stop, Mom.  Don't stop."

   His voice was calm, reassuring, supportive, and gentle.  Instantly, my
 guilt and embarrassment faded, to be replaced by love and rekindled lust
 for my handsome young son. I sensed he wanted me badly. The way he was
 looking at me made my pussy tingle with need.  I should have put an end
 to this madness right then and there, but I couldn't help myself.

   I resumed the thrusting of my fingers in my pussy, watching the look on
 my son's face. His eyes were wide and gleaming and he was breathing
 heavily, his gaze fixed on my juicy, hairless cunt-slit.  I finished
 licking the wetness from my fingers and closed my eyes again.

   "Oh baby, I shouldn't be doing this in front of you..", I heard myself
 say. "..but I'm sooo horny!"

   "Me too, Mom.  Me too", was his reply.  "You look so sexy rubbing you
 pussy that way.  Does it feel good?"

   "Oh yes....yes", I said.

   I felt a warm drop on my stomach.  I opened my eyes and again looked at
 Paul.  He was using his fist to rub his throbbing erection.  That,
 coupled with the sight of what I was doing, was really turning him on. He
 was so close to the bed, the lubricant from the tip of his penis was
 beginning to drip onto my body. My pussy gave a twitch at the thought of
 my own son's spermy fluid dripping onto my feverish body. I suddenly had
 the urge to touch his cock.

 "Ohhhh, honey, you're so hard!" I gasped, "Here, let me help you with
 that."

   I removed my left hand from my pussy.  It was completely coated with a
 slick film of moisture.  Threads of the sticky juices stretched from
 finger to finger as my hand made its way to my son's crotch.  With a
 confident motion, my hand wrapped around his stiff cock.  Quickly, I
 lubricated the shaft with my wetness.  With a firm grip, I began to
 stroke him. I had never felt so excited in my life!

   I revelled in the feeling of every bump and vein as they moved
 underneath the outer skin of his penis.  God, only 16, but his cock was
 as big as his fathers! I marveled at how the circumcised head would
 partially disappear into the skin collected at the apex of my stroke.  I
 was delighted every time my actions would cause another drop of his
 wetness to make its way to my stomach via a long liquid thread.

   He watched intently and gasped, "Oh yes....Oh yes.. That feels sooo
 good, Mom!"

   I brought my right hand to the small pool of my son's juices that had
 formed on my stomach.  I played with it and rubbed it 'round and 'round.
 I coated my fingers with it and then placed them where they would do the
 most good... in my hot, sticky cunt.  Once again, I concentrated on my
 own pleasures by plunging my fingers back into my overheated little
 fuckhole.  Again and again I collected Paul's seminal fluid's to
 lubricate my thrusting fingers; all the while continuing to fuck my son's
 cock with my left hand.

   I first sensed it when my hand was near his balls.  He was going to
 come. He didn't have to tell me, but he did anyway.  I ever so slightly
 pushed his prick towards the lower portion of my body.

   His cock swelled against my grip.  Paul's head fell back and his back
 arched sexily, his hips jerking in a fucking motion into my fist as he
 groaned in orgasm.

   A long creamy white stream of cum burst from the end of his prick. Most
 of it landed across my perfectly hairless cunt, as I had hoped.  A
 slender strand of cum ran along my lower abdomen and up to the side of my
 body.  It stopped precisely under my son's cock.

   A second spasm from Paul's body deposited an equal volume of rich,
 incestuous sperm almost in the same place.

   I kept stroking him as again and again his slender young body
 convulsed. Then his ejaculations diminished.  Each new spasm produced
 less and less cum that was now landing on my arm, closer and closer to
 its point of origin.

   For a woman, at least this woman, the moment of a man's orgasm is very
 precious indeed.  He is completely vulnerable.  He cannot stop or alter
 the inevitable results.  He has no control over his body.  All of my
 actions culminated in this moment.  I had caused this to happen.  I was
 in control.

   The proof of my success, similar to a rainbow after a storm, is the
 wondrous sight of a man's cum spurting from his penis.  Some women don't
 like it.  Some are turned off by the taste, smell, and texture.  Some
 don't like to see it or feel their lovers come in their mouths.  They
 feel controlled.  Not me.  I am in control.  I can decide when he is to
 have an orgasm.  When a man's penis is in my hands, or in my mouth, I can
 determine the exact moment when I will have his cum.  It is on my terms.
 I almost feel that a man's cum is actually mine. In this case, the `man'
 was actually a boy... my own son, but it didn't seem to matter any more.
 All that mattered was that he was male and I was female, with the right
 equipment to give each other pleasure... and right now that was exactly
 what both of us needed badly.


   The sight of what Paul had done was overwhelming.  Huge drops of the
 white translucent cream slowly dripped down my arm.  I was beginning to
 feel his warm cum drip from my pubic bone and down to my pussy.  I
 released my grip on my son's cock and used both hands to open myself as
 wide as I could. We both watched as the thick, pearly flow oozed down
 over my belly and trickled slowly between the hairless lips of my cunt.
 Just as it reached my swollen clitoris, it instantly mixed with the
 wetness already there and quickly raced towards my open cunt, and began
 to seep inside.

   Now it was my turn.  I began to rub my pussy with rapidly intensifying
 movements.  I rubbed the sticky combination of my own juices and Paul's
 cum all over my clit.  Faster and faster I went.  My breasts jiggled with
 every motion.  I plunged as many fingers as I could deep into my cunt and
 fucked them in and out. The depravity of what I was doing only seemed to
 make me even hotter. I was rubbing my own son's cum up inside my gaping
 cunt... masturbating myself with his sperm while he watched.  God, what a
 turn on!

   Again and again I fucked myself.

   I was so close now.  With cum still sliding down my arm, I used my
 other hand to wildly pump my son's still oozing cock.

   Faster and faster.  Harder and harder.  Closer and closer I came.

   "Your hand! Give Mommy your hand, baby!", I managed to gasp.  My eyes
 opened wide and my back arched.  I grabbed his left hand and quickly
 thrust three of his fingers into my cunt that was on the verge of
 eruption.  I held my pussy open and I rubbed my clit as fast as I could.

   "Oh Fuck me, Pauly!  Fuck me! Fuck Mommy with your fingers, baby!", I
 yelled.

    As my son slid his stiffened fingers in and out of my cunt, I bucked
 my hips up off the bed frantically, secretly wishing it was his big,
 thick teenage cock he was fucking me with.

   And then I came.

   My stomach muscles contracted over and over again.  Spasm after spasm.
 Each time, my lungs expanded and quickly collapsed, causing me to emit
 huge gasps.  My head and chest lunged upward over and over again.

   I could feel my pussy contract over and over again.  Each time, I could
 feel my muscles clench tightly around my son's still thrusting fingers.
 Each time, I felt my body just gush more and more of my cum onto his
 hand.  I heard that wet sucking sound made every time his fingers
 momentarily left my cunt.

   And then it was over.

   I fell back onto the bed and, for an instant, couldn't move.  My eyes
 were shut tight.  My hands rested over Paul's to keep his fingers in me.
 Ever so slightly he would move just the tip of a finger and my whole body
 would instantly jerk once more.

   We remained essentially motionless.  I could still feel my muscles
 randomly spasm on his fingers.  I looked up at him with loving eyes. My
 own son had given me the most wonderfully exciting orgasm of my whole
 life. But his cock was still as hard as a railroad spike... and twice as
 long! I suddenly had a wanton urge to have that gorgeous young prick
 slamming deep up inside my tingling twat.

   I raised my hands up to my son and motioned him over me.  He removed
 his hand from my cunt, placed himself over me and knelt between my legs.
 I reached out with both hands and lightly grabbed his still erect cock.
 I drew it towards my pussy.  I let go with one hand and began to collect
 some cum from my cunt.  He gasped as I used my hand to rub my juices all
 over the shaft of his long, thick shaft.

   After it was well lubricated, I drew him closer while I held my pussy
 open.  A drop of his cum still hung from his gorgeous young prick by a
 slender string. I placed it right on my exposed clit and then began to
 rub his cock all over my pussy.  Then, with a short rapid up and down
 motion, I used his cock to again separate my cunt lips.  I placed the tip
 just inside my vagina.  I looked him straight in the eye and said, "Fuck
 me, son!", and slid his cock home.

   His young cock completely filled my cunt, and for a moment, we laid
 there motionless. Paul rested his hairless chest on my tits and supported
 his weight with his elbows.  He kissed me softly on the lips. Lovingly,
 like he'd always done... then suddenly his mouth opened and his tongue
 slithered between my lips, right into my mouth, and he kissed me like no
 son was ever meant to kiss his mother.

   I moaned and kissed him back, sending my own tongue deep into his
 mouth. He tasted fresh and clean and young... and my pussy creamed at the
 thought of actually fucking him. Jim would freak out if he could see me
 now, I thought... this time *I'D* have the erotic story to tell when he
 got home.

   I looked over to his left hand and could see just how strong my orgasm
 had been.  His hand literally dripped.  I could smell the special mixture
 of his cum and my own.  It was almost clear and looked like an egg white
 as it coated his fingers.

   I moved my head over to it and licked some onto my tongue.  It was
 delightful.  I could easily distinguish our unique tastes.  Quickly, I
 rubbed my tongue over my son's lips in hopes that he would share this
 very special moment.

   He did... and with a low growl, Paul began to fuck me. We writhed and
 moaned like animals for what seemed like hours, Paul slamming his cock
 deep up into my juice-filled cunt, and me hunching my hips up off the bed
 to receive him. I came three times before my son finally shuddered and
 emptied his young balls into my hot, clasping pussy.

   We fucked like that all weekend long, enjoying each other whenever the
 urge arose... which was most of the time! I'd forgotten how quickly and
 easily a horny young 16-year-old boy can recover!

   But the time, Jim returned home, I was walking sperm bank. Except that
 all the sperm sloshing around in my ass, cunt and belly belonged to my
 virile young son. Now, I can't wait until Jim goes away on another of his
 extended business trips. Neither can Paul!


                                The End





Filename: MOMSLUST.TXT
Title: Mom's Lusty Lesson
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                             MOM'S LUSTY LESSON
                                 (by EROS!)

       There were no tears in my mother's eyes when she stood on the
    porch watching me carry suitcases out to my old, beat-up Volkswagen.
    Mom's young for her 34 years, and she'd been restless about having a
    seventeen-year-old son around the house ever since she hooked up with
    the rich widower from town. My father had walked out over ten years
    ago, which is a fucking long time for a sexy, young-looking woman
    like my mother to have to set a "good example". And I'm at that stage
    where you're itching to make it on your own.

       When I'd stuffed the last box of my junk into the car, I came back
    to give Mom one fast hug. She was wearing a thin silk robe and
    expensive French perfume, both presents from her new man. My arms
    tightened about her in unexpected passion as our lips brushed
    together.

       "Keep your toilet clean," Mom said. "Men never clean their
    toilets."

       "Those are real words to live by, Mom. I'll treasure them," I
    chuckled.

       She giggled, her soft, slender boobs brushing against my chest. I
    was still holding her a little too tight, maybe because I was more
    nervous about leaving home than I'd realized. Besides, Mom was
    pleasant to hold, all blonde softness and silken sweetness. A musk
    undertone in her perfume tickled my nostrils like an illegal
    aphrodisiac.

       "Can't give you any others," she said. "Cleaning and fucking is
    all I've ever been good at, and I sure can't give my own son any
    advice about fucking!"

       The strong language was something else that was new, another
    "gift" from her rich boyfriend. Apparently, it amused him to hear her
    shapely lips speak the words "fuck." I myself still wasn't used to
    it, but I couldn't stop myself from shivering pleasantly.

       "Actually, Mom, I'd be very interested in hearing what you have to
    say about fucking," I told her.

       Mom got a strange look in her eyes when she saw that I wasn't
    joking. Impulsively, I dropped my hands from her shoulders to her
    firm, round ass and squeezed, feeling Mom's cuntmound press
    seductively against my rapidly growing cock-bulge. As soon as she
    felt my hands seductively massaging her asscheeks, Mom seemed to
    loose control. She pulled my mouth up to hers and kissed me like
    she'd never kissed me before. Usually all I got was a motherly peck
    on the lips, but this time Mom put all she had into it. It was a real
    open-mouthed, tongue-down the throat lover's kiss, hot and wet and
    passionate, and I responded with equal enthusiasm.

       My lips parted, accepting the thrust of her probing tongue. I
    sucked it gently until she curled it up tight and poked the sensitive
    flesh behind my teeth. Her nipples too pressed against me, their
    sharp erectness poking hard through her thin robe and my knit shirt.

       "No, honey", she said breathlessly. "We shouldn't be doing this."

       Mom broke out of our incestuous embrace as abruptly as she'd
    entered it, her gorgeous tight ass swaying under her robe as she
    hurried into the house. Emboldened by the lusty way she had kissed
    me, I followed Mom inside and pulled her roughly into my arms. This
    time, our kisses melted together like chocolate over an open flame.
    Our crotches melted together too, the iron hardness of the lump in my
    jeans fitting neatly into the V-shaped delta of her invitingly soft
    crotch.

       "Oh, God, baby!" Mom murmured between quick, eager sucks on my
    lower lip. "What are we doing?"

       "I think you're about to give me some motherly advice on sex," I
    replied.

       "This could get out of hand, David," she breathed.

       "Oh, Mom! I want it to get out of hand!", I replied, grinding the
    hardness of my cock suggestively against her prominent cuntmound.

       With a low moan, she released the sash holding her robe and let it
    fall open. Then it was my turn to moan... Mom wasn't wearing anything
    except her skin underneath.

       "Ohhhh, Mom!" I said. "You're beautiful!"

       Kneeling in front of her, I planted a series of wet, passionate
    kisses all the way from her nipples, down over the slight curve of
    her belly, to the delicately furred lips of her cunt. I inhaled
    deeply, letting the heady female odour of perfume and pussy assail my
    nostrils. It was like a powerful aphrodisiac. I was just about to
    open my mouth and poke my tongue into the juicy slit between her
    moistly pouting cuntlips when Mom laughed and pulled me back up to my
    feet.

       "Take off your clothes, honey" she said. "Your cock is busting out
    of those jeans. Let me see the body I gave you, son."

       I obeyed without hesitation, my erect cock springing free as I
    rapidly stripped down to bare skin. It had only been a few months
    since my last work-out with my high school football team, and I still
    had granite in the muscles at my thighs and shoulders. My mother used
    one hand to squeeze urgently at my bicep while she used the other to
    rub the oozing head of my erect and throbbing prick.

       "Jesus, honey! You've got a monster!" Mom cooed. She gave me a
    gentle shove, and I sat down hard on the sofa.

       She dropped to her knees between my legs and took my cock in her
    hands, fondling and squeezing it gently, as if testing it's bulk and
    stiffness.

       "Mmmmmm, nice and hard for Mother," she purred. "A lot of girls
    are going to try to get their hands on this big fucker, baby! And the
    first thing they're gonna want to do with it is this..."


       Without another word, Mom bent over and closed her hot lips around
    my cockhead and sucked. I watched in awe as my hard prick-shaft was
    expertly engulfed by my mother's tightly stretched lips. God, it felt
    good! I was in horny teenager's heaven. Moaning loudly, I grabbed the
    back of my mother's blonde head and forced more of my prick into her
    mouth, enjoying the hot, tight wetness of her throat as it enveloped
    my cock like a cunt.

       I stared at my prick sliding in and out of her mouth as Mom bobbed
    her pretty head up and down over my crotch. She looked younger than
    ever when she sucked so hard that she stretched out the small muscles
    around her mouth.

       Sliding her hands under my ass, Mom sucked expertly up and down
    the full length of my cock, every now and then glancing up-hotly into
    my contorted face.

       "Ohhh, God, that's good!" I moaned, clutching her hair in my
    clenched fists. "Suck my cock, Mom! Uhhhh, yeahhhh! Suck it!"

       Mom's hands slid under my ass as she urged me to fuck up into her
    mouth. I did, watching her lips squeeze my cock, listening to the
    soft wet sounds her mouth made. Mom's fiery eyes were turned up to
    watch me, she was really getting off by just sucking my cock, I could
    tell. Her ass was writhing about like crazy and she was pressing her
    thighs together, squeezing her cunt as she sucked my prick.

       Her tongue licked and pressed my cock to the roof of her mouth. I
    could feel every ridge and curve of her throat around my shaft. I was
    amazed. my own mother was one hell of a good cock-sucker!

       "Mmmmm," she purred as I began to fuck her gorgeous mouth.
    "Mmmmmmm! Ummmmmm!"

       Mom must have been able to tell by the powerful throbbing of my
    cock that I was close to coming. She squeezed my ass hard, pulling my
    prick deep into her mouth. I knew Mom was going to swallow my load.
    Her eyes blazed in a pleading look of need, silently telling me to
    fill her mouth with my impending release.

       She moaned like an animal as she sucked, twisting her lips around
    my cock as I began to fuck her face faster and faster.

       "I'm gonna come, Mom!" he groaned. "Ohhhh, God! Fuck!... I'm gonna
    come so fucking hard, Mom!"

       As the most intense orgasm of my life flashed through my loins and
    up into my brain, I felt the first gush of fuck-cream explode into
    her mouth. Mom choked a bit at first, but quickly recovered, drinking
    down my squirting jism thirstily, making wet, gulping sounds as she
    swallowed. I was so far gone I kept my cock fucking into her mouth as
    I came, grunting loudly and arching my hips up off the couch.

       Mom's eyes gazed hotly up at my face as she milked the last drop
    of cum from my quivering prick. Then, she lovingly held my cock in
    her mouth after I'd finished, rolling it about with her tongue.

       "God, baby!" she moaned softly when she let my cock fall from her
    lips. "You came a fucking gallon! You almost choked me, you came so
    fucking much, honey."

       "I know!", was all I could manage.

       Mom sat on the sofa beside me and opened her thighs wide.

       "Feel how hot sucking you off has made me, Davey!" she grinned
    sexily.

       I reached out and palmed my mother's cuntmound, slipping my middle
    finger inside her juicy, wet slit as I did so. She was wet alright,
    very, very wet!

       Grabbing my cock again, Mom hunched her hips up off the sofa at my
    hand. I inserted another finger into her slippery snatch and wiggled
    them around a bit.

       "Ooooh, yeah! Fuck me with your fingers a while, baby!" she
    moaned.

       Mom lay back against the cushions and spread her naked thighs
    wide. Then, with a sexy grin that made me shiver with anticipation,
    she draped one leg up over the backrest and let the other fall onto
    the floor beside the couch, opening her pussy so widely that her
    cunt-muscles relaxed their tight grip on my fingers.

       "The next thing you've gotta learn about oral sex, Davey, is that
    turn about is fair play!", grinned Mom, licking her full, red lips
    suggestively. "Have you ever licked a girl's cunt before, baby?"

       I nodded, watching the way my mother's tightly-stretched cuntflesh
    sucked at my fingers as I fucked them gently in and out of her
    drooling snatch.

       "Good!", she murmured, "Then how about bringing your poor old
    momma off with your mouth before we get down to some serious
    fucking?"

       I removed my fingers from Mom's slick cunt and kneeling on the
    floor beside the couch I replaced them with my lips, sucking and
    licking and tonguing my mother's tasty slit until I had her gorgeous
    ass squirming all over the couch. At school I'd sucked my fair share
    of tender young school-girl cunt, but my mother's mature pussy was
    definitely the best I'd ever tasted. I pulled her cuntlips apart with
    my thumbs and ate her juicy twat out for all I was worth, licking and
    sucking at Mom's tiny clit-bud until she was whimpering in ecstasy.

       Mom came in my mouth, squealing and squirming like a virgin as I
    sucked her clit deep into my mouth, vibrating the throbbing little
    nubbin with my tongue until her cries subsided and I felt her body
    collapsed back into the cushions.

       I gave Mom's pussy one last deep open-mouthed kiss and sat up
    beside her, my cock resting against her glistening thigh.

       "Mmmmmmm! Jesus, Davey, that was wonderful!", she panted, "You
    certainly don't need any lessons in the pussy sucking department!"

       "I should hope not, Mom," I smiled down at her. She reached for my
    cock.

       "Ooooohhh, Davey! You're ready to go again aren't you, you naughty
    boy!", Mom gasped, jerking her fist up and down on my rigid prick.

       "It's time for that lesson on fucking you promised me, Mom!", I
    grinned.

       "It, sure is, baby!" she smiled wickedly. "We can't let this go to
    waste can we?"

       Sitting up, Mom straddled my hips and positioned her gaping twat
    over twitching erection. Then with a moan, she lowered her crotch
    just enough to let the swollen head of my cock slide between the lips
    of her pussy. She rolled her hips, making a circle with my cock
    barely inside her cunt.

       "Is my pussy hot, baby?"

       "Oh, yes, Mom! Your cunt is very hot, and... uhhhhh... very wet!",
    I groaned.

       "Want your cock in Mother's cunt, Davey?"

       "Yes!"

       "Hmmmm, Maybe I should suck your cock some more."

       "Shit! Stop teasing, Mom! I wanna fuck you... NOW!"

       "Ooooh, you really do, don't you?" Mom giggled."I love it when a
    guy wants to fuck me so badly. It makes my pussy real hot when a guy
    wants to fuck it so much!"

       "Mom please!", I begged.

       Gazing into my eyes, she slipped her cunt down a bit more. I felt
    my cock spread the lips of her hairy cunt. Mom gasped in ecstasy as
    she felt the hot throbbing thickness of it fill up her steamy, wet
    hole.

       "Watch, baby! Watch momma's hot cunt take your big cock!"

       She lowered her crotch, sliding her slippery cunt down, slowly. I
    knew from the look on her face she was enjoying the sensations of the
    slow, sensual penetration as much as I was. As the soft hair of her
    pussy touched the base of my cock she rested there, slowly squirming
    her cunt around. My cock was in her deep... very, very deep.

       "Now watch me, Davey," she said, clutching her tits in both hands.
    "Watch Mommy fuck you, baby!"

       She began to bounce up and down, riding my cock with slow motions
    at first. But when I began to lift my hips up and fuck her back, Mom
    went crazy. With a squeal she began to pound up and down, slapping
    her cunt down onto my cock to the root , then lifting until she
    almost lost it, only to ram down again, harder and faster.

       I was gasping hotly, staring at my mother's tight cunt fucking my
    prick, a white froth of cuntjuice forming on my balls as Mom impaled
    herself deeply, again and again, back arched and hips pumping. She
    gurgled and sobbed in ecstasy, fingers squeezing her naked tits, her
    robe sliding from her shoulders. Her robe fell across my thighs, and
    Mom sat naked on my big, fat fucker, dancing her ass about, grinding
    even as she plunged up and down.

       Her eyes closed as Mom fucked faster and faster, her cunt gripping
    my cock like a hot, slippery vice. She frantically brought a hand to
    her pussy, rubbing and agitating her swollen clit as she stuffed her
    cunt with my cock over and over. Her naked ass whipped about, sliding
    back and forth.

       I held onto mom's upper thighs in case she fell off in her wild
    thrashing, my thumbs gripping near her cunt. I watched as her hairy,
    blonde fuck-hole devoured my prick, again and again. Then as the
    pleasure grew, I began to moan and pant as my mother's cunt rammed up
    and down, pounding so hard, she was making the sofa bounce.

       "Oooh, Jesus! Baby, this is wonderful!" Mom sobbed. "God, what a
    cock you have, Davey! So hard...uhnnnhh... God! So long! I can feel
    your cock so deep! Fuck me, baby! Fuck Mommy!"

       I began to thrust my cock up hard as Mom came down, making wet
    sounds against her juicy, slurping cunt. Mom was almost screaming
    with ecstasy, fucking hard and frantically on my cock like no woman
    before (or since) has ever done. She shot her hand behind her
    whipping ass and clutched my balls, squeezing them, pulling them.

       "Davey! Ohhh, God, Davey, your balls are so hard!" she gasped.
    "Give me your jizz, baby! Ohhh, squirt that sweet cum up my cunt!
    Come in Mommy's pussy... I want you to cum in my cunt!"

       "Are you gonna come, Mom?"

       "God, yessss!", she hissed through clenched teeth.

       Her ass bounced faster and faster until Mom was literally fucking
    herself with my cock, stabbing herself in the cunt in a total frenzy,
    grinding and trembling. Her hands flew to her jiggling tits again and
    she squeezed them hard, her nipples protruding from her tight
    fingers.

       With a loud cry, Mom climaxed, her convulsing cunt gripping in
    flexing waves around my cock, squeezing and sucking. She rammed her
    cunt down tightly on his prick, her hips jerking back and forth. She
    screamed loudly, her head twisting and hair flying. I hunched up off
    the sofa, my hands darting round my mother's hips to grab her
    squirming ass.

       Then, with a grunt, I came too, spewing a stream of hot, thick
    sperm deep up into my mother's sucking cunt. As my my back arched and
    my head and shoulders came forwards, Mom stuffed one of her tits into
    my mouth. I began to suck frantically on her nipple, my fingers
    digging into the hot crack of my mom's ass. My cock squirted time and
    again, flooding her pussy with my young sperm. Mom cried and gasped,
    her orgasms coming stronger and stronger. Her cunt felt like it was
    about to squeeze his cock off at the base.

       "Suck my tit!" she screamed. "Suck my fucking tit and come in my
    fucking cunt!"

       As the final spurt of his cum-load splattered into her pussy, Mom
    fell forward, crushing her tits against my chest. Our panting mouths
    collided and we kissed passionately, the spasms of her cunt still
    working on my softening cock.

       After we recovered Mom, and I took a shower together. The warm
    spray and the closeness of my mother's naked, slippery body soon had
    me hard again. I fucked her once in the shower up against the wall,
    and then after she'd resurrected my poor, over-worked cock with that
    fantastic mouth action of hers, I fucked her doggy-style, both of us
    dripping wet on her bed. In fact, we spent the rest of the day
    fucking and sucking like newlyweds.

       Well, you can probably guess what happened.  After that first day
    of hot, raunchy sex with my Mom, we were both hooked. There was no
    way I could stop myself from becoming the ultimate horny
    motherfucker. Mom gave her new boyfriend the flick and I moved back
    in... into my mom's bedroom.

                                 The End.


     
      This file proudly brought to you by The BLUE ROOM BBS! 
                                                             
             Home of,                                        
                                          _     _  (tm)      
                       (  \_/  )           
                        >>>\   />        
                             \_/              
                                                             
             Specializing in the finest ADULT EROTICA!       
                                                             
                        +61 (079) 702204                     
                                                             
      Open 5pm to 8am Weeknights & 24hrs on Weekends & Hols. 
     
     





Filename: MOMSTWRD.TXT
Title: Mom's the Word
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                            MOM'S THE WORD
                              (by EROS!)

       For years, my twin sister, Sandra, and I have been enjoying
    family reunions for reasons other than the obvious. We've been
    shameless lovers since we turned 16, and last time we were together,
    she asked me if I'd ever had the hots for Mom.

       I hadn't really thought about it, but as soon as Sandy put that
    naughty thought in my mind I began seeing dear old Mom in an
    entirely different light. The next morning when our big family
    gathered for breakfast, I couldn't keep my eyes off her.

       Matters were only exacerbated by the fact that Mom wore a robe
    that revealed more than a "proper" amount of her abundant cleavage.
    Several times she caught me staring in her direction, and she always
    looked back as if to say, `I know what you want, but what are you
    going to do about it?'

       Sandy was watching the whole thing, and later that day said she
    thought Mom was hot to trot. I'd always believed everything my twin
    told me, so I didn't doubt her for a second. But the problem was,
    how could I find out if Mom was really interested ?

       Good old Mom took care of that herself that very night (with a
    little help from Sandy!), and boy was I surprised. Since we first
    fucked at the boathouse, that was where Sandy and I always met. I
    was early that night, maybe a little extra horny with all the talk
    about fucking Mom, and waited impatiently in the darkness.

       I stripped off my clothes and jerked on my rock-hard cock,
    wondering what was taking Sandy so long. Finally I heard steps on
    the deck outside and saw her slip inside. I was so eager to fuck, I
    practically jumped on her, and not until I wrapped my fingers around
    her huge tits did I realize my mistake.

       "Mom?"

       "Yes, baby," she said, patting my cheek before reaching for
    something else. She grabbed my hard cock and squeezed.

       "Sandy told me you had a surprise for me in the boathouse. Is
    this it, son?"

       "Yes, m'am," l blurted, immediately realizing how silly that
    sounded. Mom chuckled and started undressing.

       "I don't think we have to worry about manners, son. We're just
    here for some serious fucking, right?"

       "You bet!" l quickly agreed.

       I watched excitedly as Mom peeled off her clothes. When she was
    naked, l held out my arms and she hurried into my embrace. There's
    no way l can describe how it felt when we pressed our naked bodies
    together and I felt my Mom's beautiful tits and rubbed her soft,
    inviting pussy for the first time. It was like a wet dream come
    true!

       Mom had a pretty impressive body for a lady of 35, and I hastened
    to explore every inch of it. We dropped to the blanket I'd spread
    for Sandy and myself and pulled Mom beside me.

       As we kissed passionately, my hands roamed her body, caressing
    her smooth, satiny tits and taut firm little ass. Wordlessly, Mom
    hooked one leg over my thigh and slid her hips toward me. She was
    rubbing her cunt against my throbbing prick, and the contact with
    her hot, juicy slit sent lusty thrills coursing through my sensitive
    cockhead.

       I was damned self-confident as a lover but I have to admit I was
    shaking when my Mom grabbed my cock and guided it between her
    thighs. She told me to relax and everything would be fine, and of
    course I obeyed. Mom can be very persuasive when she wants to be...
    especially when she's as horny as she was that first night.

       We both moaned as her deliciously slippery pussy sheathed my hard
    prick. I'd always loved my sister's cunt better than any other, but
    Mom's was just as snug and exciting. Maybe even more so, because
    what I was doing was even wilder than fucking my twin sister.
    Screwing your Mom is championship stuff in the list of societal
    taboos, and was I getting off on it!

       Mom was obviously enjoying herself too, and between us we must've
    come up with a dozen different screwing positions. We finally
    settled on one that pleased both of us with me on my back and Mom
    sitting on my cock. That way I could fondle her fabulous tits while
    she bounced up and down on my deeply impaled cock.

       It also enabled Mom to feel my prick sliding deep within her and
    ensure her prominent clit got a nice stimulating rub. The expression
    on Mom's face was sheer joy.

       I thrust up as she thrust down, and pretty soon we had a mutually
    satisfying rhythm going that was carrying us right toward the brink.
    I wanted us to come simultaneously since it was our first time
    together, and I sensed that Mom wanted the same thing.

       I could tell by her loud moans and the way her surprisingly tight
    little cunt gripped my thrusting poker that she was desperately
    propelling herself toward release. What I didn't know was that she
    was waiting for me, and when I finally lost control and blasted my
    sperm up her snatch, she really let loose. We came together in a
    crashing, tumultuous climax that left us both drained.

       As we lay there catching our breath, I looked up and saw Sandy's
    face at the window. My sister had been watching the whole thing! I
    was a little pissed off at first but Mom told me to lighten up and
    motioned Sandy inside.

       Sis had been masturbating the whole time and asked me to eat her
    cunt to get her off. With our Mom watching, I licked and sucked my
    sister's clit until she was writhing with ecstasy. Mom got down and
    sucked my cock to hardness as Sandy hit the roof, creaming all over
    my mouth and tongue like she always did.

       The three of us spent hours fucking and sucking in every
    combination possible that night. Come to think of it... we've rarely
    stopped since!

                                 The End.


     
      This file proudly brought to you by The BLUE ROOM BBS! 
                                                             
             Home of,                                        
                                          _     _  (tm)      
                       (  \_/  )           
                        >>>\   />        
                             \_/              
                                                             
             Specializing in the finest ADULT EROTICA!       
                                                             
                        +61 (079) 702204                     
                                                             
      Open 5pm to 8am Weeknights & 24hrs on Weekends & Hols. 
     
     





Filename: HOTFAM.TXT
Title: Hot, Horny Family
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                           HOT, HORNY FAMILY
                                by EROS

                               Chapter 1.

       "Oh, Mom!" Billy gasped. "Oh, shit, I'm sorry! I guess I should
    have locked the door! "

       Kathy stood motionless in the open door to the bathroom, gaping
    wide-eyed at her naked son as he dripped water on the tiled floor.
    Billy was the younger of her two boys, and she'd unconsciously
    continued to regard him as a mere child, despite his age. But what
    she was staring at now proved that at least in one critical area
    Billy was fully grown. His enormous, half-swollen cock hanging
    between his thighs would have been more at home on a donkey than
    on such a slender, innocent-looking young boy like Billy.

       Kathy instantly felt her pussy moistening and the nipples of
    her firm, round tits stiffening through the thin terry-cloth of
    her robe as she stared at her son's big prick. Her face reddened
    at the same time...how could any decent woman feel sexual desire
    for her own son? she wondered.

       "I . . . I'm sorry, Mom," Billy apologized. He grabbed a towel
    from the rack, swiftly wrapped it around his waist and edged past
    her into the hall. "I guess I'm getting into bad habits while
    Kenny's away. I'll remember to lock it next time."

       Billy disappeared into his bedroom, shutting the door behind
    him. Kathy leaned against the bathroom wall and took a deep,
    quivering breath. The image of her child's huge, man-sized cock
    was branded in her mind's eye, and her pussy was throbbing as she
    thought of his cock. Her pussy was growing so wet that she could
    feel the moisture of her fuck-juices on her inner thighs.

       Only three days before, her eldest son, Kenny had made a pass
    at her. It hadn't amounted to much, just a leering attempt to
    prolong an innocent, maternal embrace, and a warm, lecherous hand
    stroking her full, peach-shaped ass through her panties. But Kathy
    had been horrified that Kenny would want to make a pass at her.

       Kenny was now spending the week with Kathy's kid sister, Debby,
    across town. Kathy had explained the problem frankly to Debby, who
    had once worked as a teacher's aide in a high school. Kathy
    desperately hoped that Debby would be able to help Kenny with his
    bizarre desire to fuck his own mom. Though, Kathy knew, it wasn't
    really so surprising after all. It would have been different if
    she'd been ugly, but Kathy was an incredibly gorgeous woman.

       Her hair was long, wavy and golden blonde, framing a beautiful,
    blue-eyed, ruby-lipped face that had aged little in her
    thirty-seven-years, and which still earned her frequent offers to
    be a professional model. She was a bit taller than average, with
    long, show-girl legs, a slim waist and the kind of full, firm,
    saucily-wiggling asscheeks that men couldn't resist pinching
    whenever she dared to venture outdoors in shorts.

       But her best features were her incredible tits. Kathy's
    shoulders and bone structure were delicate, almost girlish, and
    yet her tits were huge... two great, firm, milky-white melons that
    jiggled invitingly in even her most restrictive D-cup bras. Her
    nipples were luscious, too... a deep red in color and as wide as a
    baby's palm, with rubbery tit-buds that protruded nearly an inch
    when she was horny.

       She was nearly always horny these days, Kathy thought
    shamefully. Ever since the divorce, she'd begun finger-fucking
    herself, first one, then two, then even four or more times a day.
    Her pussy got dripping wet when she did housework in the morning,
    and, even after jacking off, her cunt was frequently just as hot
    and wet when she went to sleep at night. Countless men had offered
    dates, but she'd turned them all down. The men she was really
    attracted to, in spite of all her shame, were her own two sons.

       Yes, yes, yes! Kathy thought miserably, groaning with
    frustrated lust. It had turned her on so, so much when Kenny had
    fondled her ass she'd had to send him to Debby's or she would have
    wound up fucking him. And now . . . the completely accidental
    sight of her second boy's enormous cock, his massive tube of
    fuck-meat hanging so enticingly between his young, muscular legs.

       A sudden image of herself sucking Billy's giant cock flooded
    into Kathy's mind. She imagined herself on her knees, whipping her
    fist, furiously up and down his big, stiff prick, slurping loudly
    and shamelessly on his cock-knob. The flush in her cheeks turned
    nearly crimson, and Kathy realized that she'd lost all control
    over herself.

       `Yes, oh, yes', she thought dazedly. `I need to fuck my own
    son!'

                               Chapter 2.

       Shaking with lust, the fuck-hungry mom impulsively left the
    bathroom and went to Billy's room. She knocked lightly, her heart
    pounding in her chest.

       "It's open."

       She entered his bedroom, her short, terry-cloth robe swishing
    around her naked thighs, her big, firm tits jiggling braless as
    she moved. Billy was reading in bed, with the covers bunched
    around his waist and the light from the nightstand shining on his
    lean, bare torso. Kathy stared shamefully at his bulging crotch
    as she sat on the edge of the bed.

       "What's up, Mom?" Billy asked, grinning. "You gonna give me a
    lecture about keeping the bathroom door locked?"

       "No," Kathy whispered distractedly. "I... actually, I was going
    to use it as a... as a sort of opportunity, Billy. You're really
    getting to be a growing boy, honey. I think it's time we had a
    little talk about sex."

       "Oh, that," Billy said, and laughed. "You can save yourself the
    trouble, Mom. I already know about all that stuff."

       `Hmmm, you do, do you?' Kathy thought feverishly. `Has some
    little teeny-bopper been fucking and sucking herself silly with
    your big, beautiful prick?' Suddenly, Kathy felt jealous, and that
    just made her hornier.

       "Billy!" she blurted suddenly. "Did you know that you have an
    extremely large... um penis... for a boy your age?"

       Billy looked at his mother curiously, surprised by her
    boldness. Kathy instantly felt her cunt throbbing even harder as
    she realized that her son was trying not to look at her big tits.
    Deliberately, she squirmed in a way that made her robe's waist
    sash loosen, so that Billy could see even more of her deep, spongy
    cleavage.

       "Yeah, sure I knew," Billy mumbled. "I mean, I can tell from
    looking at other guys in gym class. Some of them even... you
    know... said stuff about it."

       "You know, I know what it's like to be so sexually endowed,
    Billy," Kathy said, again nearly blurting out the words. She
    gestured at her tits. "I've had these since I was just a girl.
    Other girls used to tease me, and the boys... well, they all
    wanted to fuck me, Billy. It's alright to use that word with you,
    isn't it?"

       Billy just stared at her, and his face reddened. The robe had
    now gaped open to her waist, exposing her navel and
    girlishly-rounded belly, and the inner slopes of her enormous,
    milk-white tits. Billy stared hungrily at his mother's tits, and
    Kathy suppressed a moan as she saw the obvious stiffening of his
    formidable young prick under the covers.

       "Billy!" she blurted. "Why are you staring at Mommy's tits like
    that?"

       "I . . . I can't help it!" Billy mumbled.

       "Is it making you horny, son?"

       Billy was too shy and confused to speak. Kathy stared,
    transfixed at his crotch. Her youngest son was really getting a
    hard-on, a cock so stiff and massive that it turned the covers
    over his waist into a tent. Kathy couldn't control herself. She
    shuddered as she slid her hand down, resting her fingers
    feverishly over his huge prick.

       "Mom!"

       "Is looking at Mommy's big tits what's causing this, Billy? "
    Kathy asked, feverishly squeezing his prick through the covers.

       "There's no need to be ashamed of it, darling. Boys your age
    get stiff, throbbing cocks all the time. It's perfectly natural.
    Tell me, Billy, would you like to see Mommy's tits?"


                               Chapter 3.

       Billy just gaped at her. By now, Kathy was so horny that she
    knew she'd go mad if she didn't start sucking or fucking very
    soon. Her fingers trembled as she completely undid the waist sash
    then shrugged the short robe off her shoulders. Billy's eyes
    bulged as he gazed at his mother's naked tits, at the crimson,
    suckable nipples protruding a full inch from the creamy surface of
    her incredibly firm-looking breasts.

       "Oh, Mom!'

       The boy's eyes were all over his mother's gorgeous naked body,
    and when she saw his gaze on her hairy crotch, Kathy opened her
    thighs wide, giving her son a good long look at her moist, gaping
    cuntslit.

       Billy's man-sized fuck-tool bucked and throbbed under the
    covers, obviously as stiff as a prick could get. Kathy's mouth
    watered as she realized how desperately she longed to suck the
    salty prick-juice out of her son's hard young cock.

       "Oh, son, this really is making you horny, isn't it? Oh,
    sweetheart, I know you can't go to sleep with a cock so stiff. It
    would hurt too much, and you'd have an awfully wasteful wet dream.
    Here, Mommy better give you some relief."

       Kathy pulled the covers to the foot of the bed, exposing her
    boy's naked body and his gigantic, stone-hard cock. His incredibly
    long, fat pole of meaty cock-flesh arched stiffly over his belly,
    capped with a puffy, helmet-shaped knob that oozed milky pre-cum.
    Kathy's mouth watered as she stared at her child's magnificent
    cock, imagining herself slurping down his cumm.

       "Oh, Billy, what a monster!" she said.

       Kathy slid her robe off completely, then knelt naked on the
    floor, facing the bed. "Sit up here, honey. Right on the edge of
    the mattress. Mommy's just got to take care of that big,
    beautiful prick for you!"

       Billy did as his mother asked, red-faced yet trembling with
    lust. He gazed down at her, his huge fuck-pole throbbing right in
    front of her face. Kathy whimpered with incestuous passion as she
    wrapped both hands around his prick, amazed that so much of his
    stiff cock still protruded from the grip of her fists.

       "Does this feel good, Billy?" The shameless mother asked,
    jacking her son's prick with her hand, pumping her fist fast and
    hard up and down his huge throbbing erection. "Does it, honey? Is
    this making your cock feel better?"

       "Y...y..yes, Mom," Billy stammered. "Oh, yes!

       "It feels good to me, too, Billy!" Kathy hissed. She beat his
    cock-meat as fast as she could, excitedly watching the pre-cum
    oozing from his piss-hole. "Would you like Mommy to do something
    to make your cock feel even better?"

       "Y..yes!"

       "All right, Billy!" Kathy said. "I'm going to suck your prick
    for you now, honey. I don't want you to tell anyone about this,
    but I don't want you to feel ashamed of it, either. Because Mommy
    really wants to suck your prick, Billy. Mommy wants to an awful,
    awful lot. Will you let me, Billy? Will you please let me suck
    your big, fucking prick?"

       Billy just moaned. Kathy dropped her hand, pressing her lips
    in a lewdly sucking kiss on the spongy tip of his prick. She
    tasted the pungent saltiness of her child's cream, and her pussy
    ached as she imagined how much cum was stored in his balls, how
    much of his hot, sappy jizz would soon spew down her throat.

       Gradually, the naked mother let her lips part, making loud,
    wet, smacking sounds as she took her son's cock deep inside her
    mouth. Hungrily, she licked her tongue around the swollen length
    of his prick-shaft, delighting in the taste of his fuck-rod.

       Kathy shut her eyes, concentrating on nothing else in the
    world but the taste and feel of her son's cock in her mouth. She
    started sucking, her cheeks flushing brightly and puckering with
    her suction around the tasty stiffness of Billy's fuck-meat. Kathy
    clung to her son's cock with her hand, holding up his wand of
    prick-flesh as she slurped and sucked loudly on his cock-tip.


                               Chapter 4.

       Up and down her head bobbed, shamelessly fucking her face with
    Billy's giant fuck-stick. "Oh, Mommy!" Billy groaned. Dazedly, he
    looked down at his naked mother, shocked and excited by the
    spectacle of his cock-loving mom with her lips stretched to
    bursting around the steely stiffness of his prick.

       "Harder, Mom! " Billy dropped his hands to her head, curling
    his fingers in her long, golden blonde hair. He bucked his lean
    hips off the bed, nearly choking his mom as he tried to jam his
    cock farther between her lips. "Harder! Oh, fuck, Mom, I'm stiff
    now! Suck it, Mom, suck my cock!"

       Encouraged by her son's eager words, Kathy sucked his
    fuck-pole even harder. His hot, salty cum-juice was oozing heavily
    out of his piss-hole, promising a gusher of jism soon to come.
    Kathy bathed his prick-head with her tongue, eager to lap up and
    savour every drop of his spunk. His prick was growing even
    stiffer, pulsing rhythmically on the roof of her mouth. Kathy knew
    she had her son close to blowing his wad. Relentlessly, she sucked
    on his aching cock, the bedroom filled by the constant slurping,
    gurgling sounds of the frantic blowjob in progress. Her hand
    jacked on his fuck-rod again, frantically beating his cock up to
    her cock-filled lips.

       "I . . I'm gonna cum, Mom! " Billy yelled. He pulled her hair
    gently in his excitement gasping and wiggling his hips on the edge
    of the bed. "Ungghhh! Oh, fuck, you're such a good cock-sucker! I
    never knew my prick could feel this good! Please, keep sucking it
    as hard as you can!"

       Kathy obliged her horny son, sucking his burning prick as hard
    as she could. Her fist was a blur as it whipped up and down his
    cock-shaft, urging his load of juice to spray out of his balls.
    Kathy moved her other hand between his thighs; sighing around his
    cock as she felt the heaviness of his hairy, wrinkled ball-bag.
    Lovingly, she fondled his congested balls, slurping and sucking
    madly on the rigid stiffness of his prick.

       "I'm making it, Mom!" Billy cried. "Oh, fuck! Please keep
    sucking! I"M CUMMMMMMMING!"

       Billy's creamy torrent of cum blew into his prick-sucking
    mother's mouth, splattering on the roof of her mouth, then
    shooting past her tonsils down her throat. Kathy clung happily to
    her boy's erupting cock, feverishly gulping and swallowing as she
    sucked, determined to nurse down every drop.

       His jism was delicious... the tastiest cum she'd ever
    swallowed in her life. And his load was every bit as huge as
    she'd hoped it would be. A tidal wave of cream blasted again and
    again out of Billy's cock, making his prick pulsed wildly between
    her lips as it vented its load of boiling sperm.

       Kathy swallowed every drop. Her swirling tongue cleaned the
    last traces of jism off of his prick-head. She jacked her fist up
    and down on his cock, as if hoping to coax out even more cream.
    Finally, flushed with both shame and passion, Kathy slid her wet
    lips off of his rock-hard saliva-dripping prick.

       "Well! " Kathy exclaimed nervously. She felt a little
    frightened by the knowledge of what she'd just done to her boy.
    She Shamefully licked the stray drops of cum from her mouth. "That
    was . . . that was quite a step we just took, Billy. I hope you
    don't feel . . . feel ashamed of yourself, for letting Mommy suck
    your prick. "

       "No," Billy murmured. "I don't feel ashamed! "

       There was a long silence. Kathy continued to stare hungrily at
    bobby's giant prick. She realized, with an ever-worsening ache in
    her pussy, that his cock wasn't softening at all. If anything, his
    saliva-covered prick looked even stiffer.

       "Why, B..Billy! " Kathy gushed. "You've still got a huge
    hard-on. I guess Mommy's sucking didn't really provide you the
    relief you need after all, did it?"

       Billy didn't answer. Kathy could feel her pussy-lips pulsing
    in and out. Her clit felt very swollen, and Kathy knew that
    nothing could gratify her horny little clit-bud the way a good
    licking could.


                               Chapter 5.

       "Billy, I know all this is new to you," Kathy said. She rose
    to her feet, her long legs flashing and her enormous tits jiggling
    as she joined him on the bed. "And I do want to give you a chance
    to explore my body. I'm going to lie down next to you darling, and
    you can do anything to Mommy that you like!"

       Kathy sprawled on her back beside her child, wiggling her ass
    on the sheets, spreading her long legs very wide. Billy turned
    onto his side next to her, gazing wide-eyed at his spectacular
    voluptuous mother. Kathy whimpered as her horny child slid his
    hands up her waist, filling his fingers with the weighty, spongy
    softness of her enormous tits. Lewdly, Billy Kneaded and massaged
    her gentle tits, rubbing his palms across her rubbery distended
    nipples.

       "Ungghh! Oh, Billy, that feels so good! Suck them, baby! Oh, my
    sweet, sweet baby, suck Mommy's tits!"

       Billy opened his mouth wide and lowered his head, wrapping his
    lips eagerly around one wide, crimson nipple. He sucked her
    goose-bumped tit-cap very hard, as if he were a nursing baby
    again, trying to suck milk out of his mother's tits. Billy cradled
    her huge breast in both hands as he sucked it, coating Kathy's
    firm creamy tit-flesh with a slick sheen of saliva.

       "Ungghhh! Oh, Billy! Suck the other one, honey!"

       Billy switched boobs, sucking his mother's other enormous tit
    even harder than he'd sucked the first. Kathy spread her thighs
    even wider, shuddering and moaning as she started to buck her ass
    excitedly off the bed. Her pussy throbbed rhythmically, like a
    heart displaced between her thighs. With a low whimper of lust,
    Kathy cupped her drooling cuntmound with one hand, and squeezed.

       "God! Billy! Oh, Billy, I want you to lick my pussy now!" she
    moaned. "Please, darling! Mommy's cunt is so wet! I need you to
    suck my cunt and make me cum!"

       Billy was only too eager to oblige. He slid between his
    mother's legs, planting wet, horny kisses on her undulating belly
    along the way. Eagerly, his naked mom let her thighs fall lewdly
    apart, completely opening her curly-haired fuck-slit for her boy's
    lips and tongue.

       "There it is, Billy! You've never looked at a pussy before,
    have you?"

       Billy shook his head and gazed excitedly at his mother's cunt.
    Her puffy, lust-swollen cuntlips were fringed with fleecy,
    light-brown hair, that rose from between her legs to cover her
    lower belly in a generous triangle of pussy-fur. Billy could smell
    his mother's wet pussy, and the tantalizing aroma of hot, horny
    cunt made the boy's erect prick throb even more powerfully. He
    lowered his bead between her legs and sniffed her pussy. His
    mother's crotch smelled like pure sex to young Billy, and with a
    moan of lust, he lowered his face even further into her aromatic
    crotch.

       Sticking out his tongue, Billy ran the tip of his tongue
    experimentally up the slippery pink slit of his mother's gaping
    pussy.

       "Ungghh! Oh, Billy!" Kathy slid her hand down, delicately
    peeling open her pussy-folds with her fingers to expose her
    glistening pink pussy, and the hard, swollen bud of her aching
    clit. "See . . . unhhhh . . . see the little bud at the top,
    honey? That's Mommy's clit. It would feel so, so good if you'd
    suck it for me, darling. Please, baby, suck on Mommy's clit!"

       Gently, Billy pushed Kathy's fingers out of the way and
    replaced them with his own, holding her cunt-lips wide open.
    Avidly, he began sliding and sluicing his tongue up and down her
    saturated cunt-slit, lapping up the tasty cunt-juice that flowed
    from the depths of his mother's hot, throbbing fuck-hole.

       "Ungggghh! I said, lick my clit, Billy!" Kathy groaned
    impatiently. "Please, darling, lick my clit!"

       Tentatively, Billy brushed his tongue across his mother's erect
    clit-bud at the top of her fuckhole. Kathy immediately started
    humping her son's face very hard, her big tits bouncing and
    slapping sweatily together as she humped her cunt against Billy's
    face.



                               Chapter 6.

       "That's right, Billy! Ungghhh! Lick harder!... Oh, fuck, put
    your lips on it! Suck it, Billy! Suck mommy's clit!"

       But Billy just kept on licking her clit, teasingly probing it
    with his tongue. Kathy's beautiful face was a mask of sexual
    ecstasy, as she deliriously twisted her head from side to side on
    the bed. The lust was mounting almost painfully in her tortured
    pussy, and Billy wouldn't do as she asked, she wanted him to just
    get her just get her off and make her cum.

       In desperation, Kathy dug her fingers into the nape of her
    son's neck, trying to pull his mouth harder onto her clit.

       "I said, suck it, Billy! Please, oh, please... suck my fucking
    clit!"

       Finally, Billy wrapped his lips around his mother's itchy,
    little clit. He sucked it gently, but forcefully, as if he'd been
    eating pussy for years. His tongue brushed back and forth on the
    very tip of her clit, sending spasming waves of ecstasy pounding
    through his naked mother's body.

       "Put your fingers in my cunt, baby!" Kathy cried, on the verge
    of cumming.

       Billy straightened two fingers and slipped them up his mom's
    gushing wet cunt. Sucking steadily on her clit, he began jacking
    off her pussy, grinding his knuckles on the swollen outer folds of
    her hairy cuntslit. Kathy arched her ass completely off the bed as
    a mighty orgasm pounded suddenly and violently through her
    trembling loins.

       "Fuck! I'm cumming, Billy!" she moaned. "Suck your mother!
    Suck your mother! Oh, fuck! Oh, shit! I'm cuuummingggg!"

       It was one of the most intensely satisfying climaxes Kathy had
    ever had. Her ex-husband had been a truly gifted pussy-licker,
    but the knowledge that it was her own son sucking her off made
    Kathy's orgasm even more satisfying.

       Desperately, she clutched her child's head with both hands,
    her ass pumping and humping frantically off the bed, fucking her
    pussy against his mouth again and again. And Billy eagerly kept
    sucking her clit with his lips and fucking her cunt with his
    fingers, not stopping until the last convulsive spasms had coursed
    through his mother's cunt.

       "Oh, Billy!" Kathy cradled his head lovingly, exceedingly
    grateful for the intense pleasure her son had given her. "I swear,
    you're a natural, darling! That was just so good!"

       Billy rose to his knees between her thighs, licking the last
    traces of her pussy-juice from his mouth. Kathy gasped as she saw
    the incredible size and stiffness of her son's cock. His prick
    was harder than it had been before he'd cum in her mouth, as if a
    fresh load of creamy sperm would start spewing out of his prick at
    any moment.

       Kathy felt her cunt throbbing again, imagining her little boy's
    man-sized fuck-tool pistoning back and forth inside her
    suddenly-insatiable cunt.

       "Billy, would . . . would you like to fuck mommy now?" Kathy
    mewled eagerly, staring at his cock. "Would you like that, Billy?
    Would you like to slide that big, hard cock deep inside my cunt
    and shoot out all your cum?"

       Billy nodded eagerly, he couldn't believe this was all
    happening. So many times he had gazed at naked women in magazines
    with his fist jerking his cock and imagined fucking them. Now he
    was going to fuck his own gorgeous mother! And by the look of her
    she really wanted it bad!

       Kathy lifted her legs in the air, until her knees hovered over
    her shoulders, her curly-haired fuck-slit wide open and dripping
    in readiness for her son's huge prick.

       "All right, sweetheart!" she moaned. "Just move forward so I
    can reach your gorgeous big cock. I'll put it in for you baby,
    and then you can fuck Momma's pussy as hard as you want!"


                               Chapter 7.

       Kathy's virgin son moved forward on his knees looming over her
    naked body, until Kathy was able to grasp his huge prick. Eagerly,
    she tugged him forward by his cock, looking down as she nestled
    his spongy cock-tip between the pouting lips of her hairy, juicy
    cunt.

       "All right, Billy! You can push it in now! Go ahead, baby,
    shove that big fucker right up Mommy's belly! Fuck my cunt, Billy,
    fuck mommy's horny cunt!"

       Billy leaned over her, supporting his shoulders on outstretched
    arms. Lustfully, he gazed down at his mother's hairy fuck-hole,
    watching intently as his bloated cock-head disappeared into her
    gooey pink cunt-slit.

       Then instinctively, Billy started humping, awkwardly at first,
    then more steadily, eagerly sliding his long, thick prick into the
    welcoming tightness of his mother's hot, wet cunt.

       "Oh Billy! Uuuungghh! It's so big! You've got such a nice big
    prick, baby! I can't believe it!"

       Billy's massive fuck-rod stretched his mother's tight cunt as
    it bored its way in, spreading the pouting lips of her pussy to
    the bursting point around the meaty thickness of his cock. Kathy
    started humping when her boy had a third of his prick embedded in
    her pussy, excitedly bucking and grinding her blushing ass-cheeks
    up off the bed in an attempt to get more of his immense prick into
    her neglected fuck-hole.

       "Y... you're doing good, Billy! Oh, fuck, your cock feels so
    good inside me! Ohhhh shit! Just go ahead and ram it right up my
    pussy, Billy! Fuck me! Fuck me hard!"

       Billy wiggled his hips as he thrust his prick into his mother's
    widely-stretched cunt, making his cock slide easily into the
    gooey, warm tightness of her juicy fuck-hole. Finally, with his
    mother humping like a bitch in heat beneath him, the young stud
    seemed to catch on to the rhythms of fucking.

       Billy started thrusting steadily, fucking his rock-hard prick
    deeper and deeper into his mother's pussy with every stroke. Kathy
    grimaced with pleasure as her boy started to give her the fucking
    she had craved since her husband left her.  Her glove-tight pussy
    began contracting wetly and rhythmically around Billy's
    deliciously-fucking young cock.

        "Ram it all the way in, baby!" Kathy gasped, and lifted her
    legs as high as she could, draping her ankles over his shoulders.
    "Fuck my pussy deep, Billy! Ram that big fat prick all the way
    in!"

       Billy pounded hard into his mom's hot, buttery cunt, sinking
    the remaining few inches of his formidable young prick to the
    hilt in her creaming pussy. His elbows bent, letting his weIght
    down on top of her, crushing her enormous, stiff-nippled tits
    under his chest. For several ecstatic seconds, Billy lay
    motionless, just savoring the juicy, sucking pressure of his
    mother's pussy around his cock.

       "Don't stop, Billy! " Kathy pleaded. "Work your ass, honey,
    up-and down, move you prick in and out! Please??!! Oooooh, Billy
    Fuck Mommy! Please!!!"

       Billy pulled his cock slowly out of his mother's clinging
    pussy, withdrawing until only his helmet-shaped cockhead parted
    the tightly-stretched lips of her cunt. Then, shuddering with
    pleasure, he slammed back inside her again, sinking his cock even
    farther up her hot, slippery cunthole.

       Billy's giant fucker seemed to reach all the way to Kathy's
    womb. Kathy's ankles bounced on his shoulders as she humped her
    ass in a frenzy of incestuous lust, panting and gasping as she
    pumped her throbbing pussy against the base of his prick.

       "Fuck your mother! Fuck your mother!" she begged, the words an
    obscene chant. "Harder, Billy! Unggghhhh! Fuck me deep with your
    big, hard prick!"


                               Chapter 8.

       Billy gradually quickened his pace, sliding his blood-gorged
    prick-shaft in and out of his mother's incredibly tight pussy. It
    had been a long time since Kathy had had anything this long and
    thick stuffed up her twat and Billy was reaping the benefits. The
    wet, swollen lips of her pussy clung to his cockshaft, clasping
    and squeezing his horny young prick in an incredible grip, every
    time he slammed it into her cunt.

       With the second load of jizz churning in his balls, Billy
    fucked his horny, insatiable mother faster and faster, making the
    bed springs squeak with the fury of their wild, incestuous
    fucking.

       "Haaaaarder!" Kathy bucked her tightly-clenched ass off the
    mattress, frantically fucking her hung child as fast and as hard
    as he could. "Unnngghhh! Your prick is enormous, Billy! Oooohh, I
    had no idea! Unh . . . unh, it feels so good in my pussy! Harder!
    Don't be frightened, you won't hurt me, Billy! Fuck my cunt as
    hard as you can, baby!

       Billy fucked his horny mother as hard as he could, panting
    into her sweaty face as he drilled his enormous fuck-pole wildly
    in and out of her juice-filled pussy. Kathy humped up to meet his
    strokes, her cunt getting wetter and hotter, her pussy-slit
    contracting repeatedly around the satisfying stiffness of his
    fucking prick.

       Mother and son fucked in rhythmic unison, oblivious to
    everything except the torrid energy of their coupling. Their
    bellies slapped wetly together, and Billy's pistoning fuck-tool
    relentlessly pounded into the gushing depths of her pussy.

       Finally, Kathy felt her pussy starting to spasm and contract
    uncontrollably, and she knew she was about to cum all over her
    son's rampaging cock.

       "Fuck your mother! Fuck your mother! Unnggghhh! Oh, shit,
    Billy, oh, fuck shit! I'm cumming now! Fuck me, fuck me hard! I'm
    cuuummmmiinnggggg! "

       Kathy's pussy spasmed violently, nearly making her faint with
    the convulsive intensity of her orgasm. Her fuck-oils spewed out
    of her cumming cunt, making her furry pussy-slit suck audibly
    around Billy's cock. Billy gasped and sank against his mother's
    belly, burying his young prick to the balls in his mother's
    cum-throbbing twat.

       Kathy felt her son's second load of jism for the day fill her
    cunt, bathing the well-fucked inner walls of her pussy with a
    soothing tide of warm, creamy cum. Billy's virile young cock
    seemed to swell even more, stretching his mother's ravaged
    fuckhole to delicious limits. He heard her whimper with pleasure
    as his cock throbbed hard and deep inside her belly, gushing hot
    sperm all the way up to the place he came from... his mother's
    hot, quivering womb.

       A wanton feeling of utter contentment flowed through Kathy's
    loins as her son vented his load into her pussy. Smiling up at
    him, she flexed her cunt-muscles, helping Billy shoot all of his
    jism deep inside her cunt. Absolutely exhausted, Billy collapsed
    beside his mother, and Kathy hugged and kissed him lovingly,
    silently thanking her strong handsome son for the wonderful fuck
    he had given her.  They lay cuddling in each other's arms, kissing
    and fondling until eventually, they both fell asleep.


                               Chapter 9.

       Kathy awakened at the crack of dawn, sprawled naked beside her
    sleeping child on the rumpled, cum-stained bed. The first thing
    she saw when she opened her eyes was Billy's enormous prick,
    resting in a half-swollen tube of cock-flesh across his thigh.

       Kathy felt her pussy ache as she studied her son's big prick,
    remembering how incredibly good his cock had felt the night
    before, when he'd slid it up her needy pussy and fucked her for
    the very first time.

       But the gorgeous mother's lust was now diluted with shame. I
    fucked my own son, she thought, over and over. What kind of woman
    would fuck her own flesh and blood?

        Staring at her sleeping son's cock, Kathy realized that now
    was perhaps her last chance to end her incestuous liaison with him
    before it had a chance to start. She could explain to Billy that
    she'd lost control of herself the night before, that what she'd
    invited him to do was an unspeakable sin. Billy was an obedient
    child, unlike his older brother, Kenny. Billy might really try to
    forget it had ever happened, that he'd fucked his mom at all.

       But as she continued to ogle his prick, Kathy realized it was
    impossible. Already, her nipples were painfully stiff, and her
    pussy was wet and throbbing, proving the intensity of her lust.

       `God help me, I need his prick again!' she thought, blushing
    with horny shame as she slid her fingers up her son's thigh,
    taking hold of his anything-but-boyish cock.

       Immediately, the boy's massive fuck-rod began to grow in her
    hand, throbbing up toward full stiffness in small, rhythmic
    jerks. Billy moaned in his sleep, writhing on his back. His naked
    mother shamefully jacked his erecting cock-meat, gliding her hand
    up and down his cock-stalk until his magnificent tool was as hard
    as iron.

       Billy had a huge hard-on again... his gigantic fucker
    trembling and twitching in a rigid, fleshy arc over his muscular
    young stomach. Billy's eyelids fluttered, and Kathy knew he was
    about to wake up. But not before I start sucking him, Kathy
    thought, and greedily plunged her lips over her son's prick.

       She opened her mouth as wide as she could, nearly choking
    herself as she forced his mighty hard-on down her gullet. The
    prick-loving mom stopped with half of her child's cock-meat
    between her lips. She ovalled her mouth in a wet circle around his
    cock, then torridly started sucking, the gurgling, slurping sounds
    of her blowjob bringing her son completely awake.

       "Mom! Mom, what're you . . . ohhhh!"

       The intense pleasure of Kathy's cock-sucking quickly got the
    better of him. Billy sighed and settled back on the sheets,
    smiling as he watched his horny, naked mother suck lovingly on
    his rampant prick. Kathy slurped more loudly on his tasty cock,
    gripping the base of his prick tightly with her fist. She pumped
    her hand swiftly up and down as she sucked, beating her son's
    thick cock-meat between her lips.

       Billy's cock was even stiffer now, completely swollen with a
    ball-clogging load of jism. Tenderly, Kathy bathed her boy's
    flared cockhead with her saliva, digging her tongue lewdly into
    his piss-hole to lap up his oozing spunk. She bobbed her head as
    she sucked his prick, shamelessly fucking her face with the
    throbbing stiffness of her son's rock-hard fuck-meat.

       "Suck it!" Billy held his mother's head, shuddering and
    grinding his hips off the mattress. "Unhhhh! Oh, Mom, you're gonna
    make me shoot off again! Suck it harder! Oh, shit yeah suck my
    prick, Mom!"

       Kathy desperately wanted to swallow another spewing load of
    Billy's cock-juice, but she needed to feel his big, wonderful prick
    stabbing into her pussy even more. Reluctantly, she slid her mouth
    off his hard-on, giving his spongy cock-crown a last, loving kiss.
    Then, as Billy watched her, his naked mother crawled up onto all
    fours and wiggled her gorgeous ass at him. Billy recognized it as
    what his more experienced friends had called the the dog-fucking
    position. His mother's enormous tits hung pendulously beneath her
    slender body and her inviting cunthole gaped wet and pink from
    between her thighs, framed neatly by the creamy globes of her
    perfect ass.

                               Chapter 10.

       "Fuck me now, Billy!" Kathy moaned, looking seductively back
    at her son over her shoulder. Her earlier reluctance completely
    forgotten. The horny mother dropped-her shoulders low and arched
    up her ass, wiggling her ass invitingly at her child.  "Fuck your
    mother, Billy! Mommy's so horny this morning! I need your big, fat
    cock up my cunt!"

       Billy rose to his knees behind her, staring down at his
    mother's round, peach-shaped asscheeks, and at the wet, hairy lips
    of her cunt. Holding his stiff cock in hand, he moved forward
    until his cum-oozing prick-knob pierced her pussy-folds.
    Immediately, Kathy started humping, desperately thrusting her
    horny cunt back against the satisfying penetration of her child's
    rock-hard cock.

       "Unnggghhh! Oh, Billy! Billy, that feels so good! I said, fuck
    me, baby! All the way in, Billy! Ram you big prick all the way up
    Mommy's cunt!"

       Billy held his mother's hips, looking down at the juncture of
    their bodies where his bloated cock-tip disappeared into the
    clinging lips of her pussy. The young stud pushed his prick in
    her cunt again, making Kathy gasp as she felt inch after inch of
    Billy's long, hard cock slide relentlessly up her gooey snatch.

       "Ohhhh, Billy! Ooooohhh, fuck! " Kathy clawed the sheets and
    humped in a frenzy of desire, groaning and gasping as she ground
    her sopping wet pussy against the root of his cock. "Fuck your
    mother, Billy! It's almost all the way in now! Give it to me,
    Billy, every single inch!"

        Billy slammed forward, burying his enormous prick to the hilt
    in his mother's hot, clinging fuck-slit. He clutched her hips and
    fucked her cunt in a hard, driving rhythm, pumping his
    blood-swollen fuck-pole in and out of her juicy, sucking cunt.

       "Harder, Billy! " Kathy's face was a contorted mask of ecstasy
    as her son pounded her pussy, giving her the relief she'd needed
    so badly. She bucked tirelessly to meet his strokes, her huge tits
    jiggling and swaying over the bed.

       "That's good, Billy! Unggghhh! Now you're fucking Mommy!
    Harder, Billy, fuck my cunt as hard as you can!"

       Billy did as his mom asked, slamming his aching cock in and
    out of her creamy cunt as fast as he could. Kathy was in ecstasy,
    her whole body seeming to throb along with her tight, furry
    pussy-slit that spasmed repeatedly around Billy's prick.
    Suddenly, Kathy felt a forbidden need coursing through her loins,
    making her tightly-muscled sphincter contract lewdly in and out.

       "Billy. . . Billy, please touch my asshole!" Kathy blurted
    shamefully. "Please! Oh, Billy, keep fucking me! Put your finger
    in Mommy's asshole, Billy! Fuck my asshole with your fingers
    while you fuck my juicy cunt with your big hard prick!"

       Billy was surprised by his mother's wanton request, but at the
    same time excited. Kathy felt his pounding fuck-pole growing even
    stiffer up her pussy. Hesitantly, Billy slid his hand into the
    crack of his mother's ass-cheeks. Kathy gasped as his finger found
    her tightly puckered shit-hole and then began to burrow deeply
    into the tight, buttery grip of her quivering anus


       "Unnggghhh! Oh, Billy! Billy, that feels so good! Jack off my
    asshole, lover! Play with my shit-hole! Fuck my juicy cunt!"

       Billy did as his mother asked, gliding his finger all the way
    up her shit-tunnel, then darting his finger rhythmically in and
    out. Kathy humped with all the energy in her loins, moaning as she
    felt her pussy spew fuck-oils around his cock, and her asshole
    contracting around his finger rooting around in her bowels.

       "Harder, Billy! Fuck my pussy! Play with my asshole! Unggghhh!
    I'm cumming now!'! Kathy squealed as Billy finger-fucked her
    asshole faster, furiously darting his finger in and out of her
    shitter. "Unh . . . unh . . . unh, fuck my cunt, baby, fuck my
    cunt! I'm cuuummmiiinnnngggg!"


                               Chapter 11.

       Billy fucked his mother's cum-throbbing pussy as fast as he
    could, guiding her through the sweet contractions of her orgasm.
    But, excited though he was, he didn't shoot his load into her
    pussy. Kathy finally had to pull away from her child, making his
    gigantic fuck-pole slide out of her cunt as she collapsed flat on
    her belly on the bed

       "Billy!" she moaned at last. "I . . . I want you to do-Mommy a
    special favor now. There's another kind of fucking, honey, that
    you don't know about yet. It's an awfully dirty kind of fucking
    but I really do like it a lot. Will you fuck my asshole for me,
    Billy? Please, baby, will you fuck your mother up the ass?"

       "Sure!" Billy said eagerly. "Oh, shit yeah, I really want to do
    that to you, Mom!"

       "Then get the Vaseline from the bathroom, honey!"

       Kathy wiggled on the mattress, hornier than ever as she
    realized that she was about to feel her shitter invaded by her
    son's gigantic prick.

       "Hurry, lover! You've got to juice up mommy's asshole first,
    but then you can ass-fuck me as hard as you want!"

       Billy ran for the bathroom, naked, his huge cock bobbing and
    twitching stiffly before him. When he returned, he found that his
    fuck-crazed mother on her belly with her knees bent and her legs
    spread. She had thrust a pillow under her hips, slightly
    elevating her ass so that he could slide his cock easily into her
    shitter. She held her rounded asscheeks wide apart with her hands,
    completely exposing her pink, puckered anus to her horny son.

       "Lube my asshole, Billy! " Kathy moaned. "Hurry, lover, get
    Mommy's asshole all greased up so you can really fuck the shit
    out of it!"

       Billy joined his mother on the bed, uncapping the Vaseline jar
    and smearing the goo liberally, all over his throbbing cock. Kathy
    shuddered as she felt him applying the cool jelly to her asshole,
    darting his finger into her puckered anus to coat the rubbery
    interior of her tight little asshole.

       "That's enough!" she cried. Her asshole felt hot and itchy,
    eager for her son's cock. "Get on top of me, Billy! Fuck my
    asshole! Screw momma's hot fuckin' ass, lover!"

       Billy mounted his mother, aiming his fat, bloated cock-head at
    the indented ring of her shitter. Kathy groaned loudly as she
    felt the first pressure of his cock-tip between her asscheeks.
    She spread the firm creamy globes even farther with her hands and
    wiggled slightly beneath Billy, trying to help her boy embed his
    huge prick securely in her tight, buttery asshole.

       Billy pushed down, sinking several inches of throbbing cock
    into his mother's asshole. Kathy grimaced, her anal sphincter
    stretching painfully around the incredible thickness of her boy's
    large cock. But the pain was slight, and the way Billy's prick
    scratched the horny itch in her asshole more than compensated for
    it. Billy's naked mother quickly started humping again,
    rhythmically thrusting her burning asshole onto the gratifying
    hardness of Billy's cock.

       "That's good, Billy! Keep pushing it in now, baby! Oh, fuck, it
    feels so good up my asshole! Deeper, Billy! Mommy's asshole wants
    your big, fucking cock!"

       Billy moaned, feeling his mother's tightly muscled shitter
    gripping and sucking convulsively around his cock. "Uuuuuuhhh,
    fuck Mom! Your ass is so hot and tight!" Relentlessly, he thrust
    his prick into her shit-hole, thrusting inch after inch of his
    long, stiff cock into his mother's asshole.

       "Oh, Billy! Oh, fuck!"

       Kathy released her asscheeks. Billy had nearly two-thirds of
    his young prick stuffed up his mother's asshole. Hornily, she
    thrust her hand under her belly and started rubbing her drooling
    cunthole, fucking first two, then three fingers feverishly in and
    out of her wet pussy as she pumped her asshole onto her son's
    stiff cock.

       "Fuck my asshole! Fuck my tight, little asshole! " she cried
    "Ram it in, Billy! Ahhh, I need every inch of it! Unnnngggh,
    Jesus! Fuck it all the way up Mommy's ass!"


                               Chapter 12.

       Billy collapsed on his naked mother's jiggling asscheeks,
    spearing his enormous prick all the way into her ravished bowels.
    Kathy shuddered and immediately started humping very hard, not
    giving her son a chance to savor the pressure of her asshole
    around his cock-meat. Billy met her rhythm, panting on her
    shoulder as he sawed his stone-hard cock through the rubbery grip
    of her shit-tunnel.

       The Vaseline squished around his prick as he fucked his
    mother's asshole, lubing her narrow shit-channel for the thrusting
    strokes of his prick. Kathy finger-fucked herself madly,
    alternating between furiously rubbing her clit and stabbing her
    fingers deeply into her flooded cunt. Her asshole sucked and
    spasmed around her son's stroking cock, signaling that she was
    close to an extremely powerful cum.

       "Harder, Billy, harder ! Fuck my asshole, Billy! Fuck Mommy's
    ass! Ahhhh, I'm gonna cum! You're making me cum now, Billy! Ooooh,
    your big prick feels so fucking good! Harder, Billy, harder, make
    your horny mother cum!"

       Billy ass-fucked his naked, writhing mother as fast as he
    could, slamming his lust-swollen fuck-pole furiously through the
    exquisite tightness of her shit-tunnel. Kathy sank another finger
    deep inside her pussy and squealed as she felt her orgasm start
    deep in her belly, making her cunt ooze fuck-juice onto her hand,
    and her asshole spasm and suck uncontrollably around Billy's
    hammering prick.

       "Fuck your mother! Fuck your mother! " she cried. "My asshole's
    cumming, Billy! My asshole loves your huge, fucking prick! Ahhhh,
    shit, I'm making it now! Fuck Mommy, Billy, Mommy's
    cummmmmmiinnngggg!"

       Kathy's hot, ravaged asshole exploded, repeatedly squeezing
    down around the pounding stiffness of her son's huge cock. Billy
    gasped as he finally let the morning's first load of jism squirt
    up from his balls. His giant prick bucked and trembled deep inside
    Kathy's asshole as his massive fuck-pole spewed out its sappy
    contents of cum. Kathy felt her son's hot load of sperm gushing
    deep inside her asshole, bathing her tender shit-channel with a
    soothing tide of cream.

       "Oh, Billy! That's right, cum in me!" Eagerly Kathy flexed her
    shitting muscles around her boy's erupting cock, helping him to
    vent every drop of his cream. "You're shooting off in my asshole,
    baby! Oh, yes, it feels so good up my ass!"

       Billy kept on ass-fucking his mother, moaning loudly as the
    last of his spunk shot up from his balls. There was so much jism
    that his mom's tight little shitter couldn't hold it all. Kathy
    giggled shamelessly as she felt his milky cum bubbling back out of
    her horny asshole, drooling down the crack of her ass-cheeks
    around the base of her son's plugging prick.

       And to think she'd resisted Kenny's advances, Kathy thought,
    thinking of her older son. Kathy pictured her sister Debby's
    little house across town, wondering if Debby had yet tried to talk
    to Kenny about the pass he'd made at his own mom.

                               Chapter 13.

       "Unh!... Unh! Oh, yes, that feels so good!! Ahhh, shit, my
    pussy's so wet! Gonna cum . . . oh, fuck, really gonna cum!"

       Kathy's younger sister Debby was sprawled. naked on her double
    bed, her firm-titted body writhing as she pounded two fingers in
    and out of her dark-furred pussy. Debby was much wilder than most
    other women, and that included the times she had to jack off by
    herself, when she didn't have a long, stiff cock to satisfy her.

       Her slender, delectably formed thighs were now spread wide, her
    knees hovering nearly over her shoulders. Debby held her hairy
    cunt-lips open with one hand while finger-fucking madly with the
    fingers of her other hand. She pretended her fingers were the big,
    horny cock she wanted so badly.

       Debby was thinking about Kenny, her handsome, young nephew,
    who had been staying with her for the past several days. She
    imagined Kenny lying on top of her, brutally ramming his gigantic
    cock in and out of her cunt.

       How on earth did Kathy expect her to talk to him, Debby
    wondered? The fact that she'd once worked as a teacher's aide
    seemed to make everyone think that Debby was an expert at talking
    with young people. Everyone had always regarded Debby as the baby
    of the family She'd always looked younger than her age, and she
    still looked girlish now, despite the size of her big, round tits.
    Debby's blue eyes were wide and innocent-looking, and she still
    wore her brown hair in a pageboy cut. Her relatives had all
    deluded themselves into believing that she'd never-married only
    because she hadn't finished growing up....'

       The real reason was that she'd always been much too horny.
    Neither Kathy nor her parents would ever guess how many nights
    Debby had spent at singles bars, wiggling her hot, horny ass on a
    bar stool while waiting for some arrogant, young stud to pick her
    up, take her home and fuck the piss out of her with a long, stiff
    prick

        She liked the young ones best of all, Debby thought, biting
    her lip as she slid a third finger up her throbbing cunt. The
    young, eager ones like Kenny, the ones who could fuck and shoot
    jizz for hours at a time without ever going soft. She wanted to
    fuck Kenny. She wanted his fuck-rod so badly that she could
    practically taste it between her lips.

       "Unhhhh!" Debby finger-fucked even faster,; approaching her
    cum. "Oh, Kenny! Kenny! Kenny. "

       "Yeah?" came the unsuspecting voice from the other side of the
    door.

       Oh, shit! Debby thought. He'd heard her!

       "You want me for something?" Kenny knocked lightly on the door.
    "Aunt Debby? Did you just call me?"

       "Ummm . . . just a second, Kenny!"

        Red-faced with shame and fear, her pussy still throbbing
    miserably, the naked aunt leaped off the bed and looked for
    something to cover her body. The only thing she could find was a
    yellow, terry towel, which she wrapped tightly around her bare
    torso. Debby took a deep breath and faced the door as calmly as
    she could.

       "Come in, Kenny!"

       Her nephew entered the bedroom. He was a tall, muscular, blonde
    youth. He always seemed to smile at Debby in a way that was
    friendly and wickedly horny at the same time. Debby flushed as she
    knotted the towel under her arm, trying not to stare at her
    nephew's bulging cock through his jeans. Kenny sat on the edge of
    the bed and stared openly at her legs.

       "What's up?" he asked. "Your voice sounded kind of weird, Aunt
    Debby. You okay? "

       "No, I'm fine," Debby murmured nervously, sitting next to him.
    "I just had . . . a little itch in my throat. That's all."

       "Okay," Kenny shrugged. "What'd you want to talk about?"


                               Chapter 14.

       There was a short silence. Debby hadn't wanted to talk to him,
    and now the only thing she could think of was the reason he'd
    come to stay with her in the first place.

      "Kenny," she began hesitantly. "Do you . . . do you know why
    your mother sent you here to visit with me?"

       Kenny gazed at her, and his expression told Debby that he
    wasn't embarrassed at all. If anything, he looked proud. Debby
    squirmed again trying not to look at his crotch.

       "Yeah, I know," Kenny said. "What about it? "

       "Kenny, I might as well not beat around the bush with this.
    Kathy, your mother, told me that you . . . that you made a pass at
    her Kenny. A sexual pass, at your own mom!"

       "I know who she is," Kenny said, grinning. "You don't have to
    remind me!"

        "Kenny, don't you know what a sin it is to feel that kind of
    desire for your own mother? Other boys your age aren't that way.
    Kenny, incest is....

       "I guess I can't help it, Aunt Debby, " Kenny said. "She
    really turns me on! I mean, Mom has these super, big tits, and
    man, I just love the way her sweet ass wiggles when she walks,
    just begging for a cock. God, I get stiff just thinking about it!"

       "Kenny please!" Debby yelped. "How dare you talk that way in
    front of your aunt!"

       "You know," Kenny said suddenly, wrinkling his nose. "It
    smells kind of funny in here!"

       Debby flushed nearly scarlet, realizing that the only thing
    Kenny could be smelling was the unmistakable, musky aroma of her
    wet pussy. The youth sniffed the air, then he grinned at her
    in an even more leering way.

       "Man, now I know what it is!" he said with a grin. "It smells
    just like your pussy, Aunt Debby!"

       "Kenny!" Debby was trembling with lust, and her effort to be
    stern looked as desperate as it felt. "What a disgusting thing to
    say! How could you...."

       "No, no... It definitely smells like your pussy!" Kenny
    insisted. He studied her, seeming to notice for the first time her
    disheveled hair, and the sweat glistening on her skin. "Yeah! You
    were jacking off, weren't you Aunt Debby?"

       Debby couldn't make herself speak. Kenny squirmed closer to
    her, his obviously huge prick bulging obscenely through his pants,
    his hand touching her bare leg.

       "Were you thinking about me, Aunt Debby? While you were playing
    with your pussy? Huh? About fucking me?"

       Debby slapped him. She couldn't think of anything else to do
    she was so horny that she didn't trust herself to speak. Kenny
    just grinned in response, as if he already knew how badly she
    wanted to fuck him. Debby gasped as he slid his hand brazenly
    under the towel, stroking her inner thigh, touching her hairy,
    sopping wet cunt.

       "Yeah, now I can feel how horny you are Aunt Debby!" he said,
    chuckling.

       Debby tried to keep her thighs shut, but Kenny managed to get
    his hand between them anyway, thrusting a stiff finger up her
    gooey cunt.

       "Kenny, stop it! Stop it right now!" She raised her hand and
    slapped him again but Kenny just grinned and pushed his finger in
    and out of her juice-filled pussy, massaging the interior of her
    throbbing, horny cunt.



                               Chapter 15.

       Debby lost all control of herself. Her nephew was a disgusting,
    arrogant young man, she thought dazedly. He didn't care if she
    slapped him, and he wasn't ashamed of voicing all his obscene
    desires to his aunt. Which meant, she thought, that she might as
    well do anything with him that she liked! Debby grabbed Kenny's
    wrist and pulled his hand forcibly from her pussy.

       Kenny looked at her in momentary surprise, wondering if his
    pretty aunt might really not be as horny as he'd thought. Then
    Debby stood, letting the towel fall to the floor, and Kenny
    grinned again.

      Debby's expression was excited and feverish as she dropped to
    her knees in front of him, grabbing his belt buckle and struggling
    furiously with his pants.

       "You little shithead! " she whispered intently. "You're just a
    dirty, horny little boy, aren't you, Kenny? Want to fuck your own
    aunt, do you? Well, let's just see if Aunt Debby can give you what
    you want!"

       "Shit, you really get hot in a hurry, don't you?"

       Debby ignored him. Her cunt throbbed like a heart now, and all
    she could think of was her hung nephew's stiff prick. Her fingers
    trembled with lust as she opened his belt and yanked down his
    zipper, Kenny lifting his hips slightly to help her as she tugged
    his jeans down to his ankles, freeing his throbbing cock. He wore
    no underwear. His fuck-rod was enormous, so long and fat that his
    naked aunt gasped at her first sight of his tremendous prick.

       Kenny's virile young cock rose straight out of the youth's
    cock-fur, swollen to bursting with adolescent fuck-lust. His
    cock-knob was puffy and flared, and hot, milky pre-cum already
    gleamed at his prick-tip.

       "Oh, God!  Jesus, what a big, fucking prick!" Debby groaned.

    She wrapped her hand around his massive cock and started jerking
    it very hard, making Kenny wince with pleasure and pain as she
    yanked her fist up and down his rigid fucker.

       "Is this how you like it, Kenny? Is this how you want Aunt
    Debby to stroke your cock? Huh? Or maybe this is how you want your
    own mother to beat your cock-meat? You do want to fuck your
    mother, don't you?"

       "Yeah!" Kenny said, grinning. "But right now I wanna fuck you,
    Aunt Debby!"

       "Why you filthy, disgusting.... "

       Her words faded as the naked aunt dropped her head, impulsively
    plunging her nephew's gigantic cock between her lips. She nearly
    choked on it, taking his throbbing prick as far down her throat as
    she could, until her mouth was stretched to bursting around the
    blue-veined stiffness of his aching prick.

       The horny aunt started sucking off her nephew, puckering and
    bellowing her cheeks to create delicious suctioning pressure
    around his cock-meat. Kenny sighed and relaxed on the edge of the
    bed, contentedly watching his aunt giving him head. He dropped his
    hands, curling his fingers in her short, brown hair, silently
    encouraging her to suck his prick as hard as she liked.

       Debby immersed herself in the blowjob, thinking of nothing but
    Kenny's hard young cock pulsing in her buttery mouth, oozing jism
    onto her tongue. His pre-cum was delicious, every bit as rich and
    salty-tasting as she'd dreamed. Debby's face reddened brightly
    with the intensity of her cock-sucking as she swiftly began to bob
    her head on his hairy crotch, fucking her mouth with his eager
    young prick.

       "Unggghhh, fuck!" Kenny moaned, a load of jism building rapidly
    in his swollen teenaged balls. He clutched his aunt's head tightly
    as he ground his hips, helping her fuck his huge prick in and out
    of her mouth.


                               Chapter 16.

       "Uuuuuhhhh, yeahhhh, you love sucking my cock, don't you? You
    love the way it tastes, don't you, Aunt Debby? Harder now!
    Unggghh! Suck harder, if you want to make me cum in your mouth!"

       Debby sucked the boy's rock-hard cock as hard as she could,
    repeatedly caving in her cheeks around the blood-congested
    hardness of his man-sized young prick. Kenny's fuck-rod swelled
    even stiffer, pulsing rhythmically on the roof of her mouth,
    telling her that he would soon be filling her throat with a salty
    load of hot, adolescent sperm.

       Her hand tightened around his thick, throbbing shaft and began
    to jack him off, her fist complimenting the tight, sucking rhythm
    of her mouth. Soon, Debby's long, slender fingers were moving in a
    blur, as she shamelessly pumped Kenny's cock up to her
    cock-sucking lips. Her tongue constantly licked his spongy
    cock-knob, eager to lap up every delicious drop of the boy's
    oozing spunk.

       "I'm getting close!" Kenny moaned. He gripped her head very
    hard, his hips lurching off the edge of the bed. He moaned and
    panted as his jism churned in his packed balls. "Jack on it
    faster, Aunt Debby! Ahhh, shit, I'm really gonna shoot it now! Oh,
    Fuck! you're really gonna get a bellyful of cum!"

       Debby whipped her hand wildly up and down his swollen prick,
    tirelessly jacking his cock up to her sucking lips. Her blowjob
    was very loud and sloppy-sounding. The naked aunt continued to
    feverishly bob her face on his crotch, fucking her mouth over
    his prick as her fist squeezed the root of his cock.

       "I'm cumming, Aunt Debby! Swallow it! Swallow my fucking load!
    Ahhh, shit! Jesus! Fuck! Here it cuuuuuuummmms!"

       Kenny pulled her hair and jerked his hips off the bed, choking
    his cock-sucking aunt with the bulging thickness of his cock as he
    stuffed it even farther down her gullet. The long-awaited
    explosion of cock-cream erupted suddenly from the boy's dilated
    piss-slit, squirting down his horny aunt's throat in a veritable
    torrent of spunk.

       His jism was delicious, the best-tasting load Debby had ever
    sucked out of a man's balls in her life. Debby fought back her gag
    reflex and clung to her nephew's squirting cock, continuing to
    suck and jack on the twitching, jerking pole of flesh as hard as
    she could.

       Spurt after spurt of hot, sticky jizz welled up from Kenny's
    balls, filling the inside of his pretty aunt's mouth and splashing
    across her licking tongue. Gratefully, Debby nursed down all his
    cream, sucking on his huge, glistening prick until she'd lapped
    the last drop of sperm from it's swollen tip.

       "Oh, shit!" Kenny moaned happily. He grinned down at Debby
    wickedly as she finally let his still-hard cock slide out of her
    mouth. "Man, you are a good cock-sucker, aren't you, Aunt Debby?
    The way you were talking before, I almost thought you'd turn me
    in to the cops. I should have known all along how bad you wanted
    my cock!"

       "Shut up!" Debby replied curtly.

       She rose to her feet, breathing very hard, staring intently at
    her nephew's magnificent prick. She felt furious with Kenny for
    the leering, cock-sure way he was behaving around her, yet she
    knew that she could not stop now until he made her cum. Her pussy
    had never felt so wet and hot. Her pouting cunt-lips were swollen
    painfully, pulsing lightly as if to grip around an imaginary
    prick.

       "I was just telling you...." Kenny began.

       "I said, SHUT UP!" Debby smiled at Kenny in a strange, almost
    lust-maddened way. "So, you like getting sucked off, do you,
    little nephew? I'll bet you'd like to fuck me now, too, wouldn't
    you? Is that what you'd like, Kenny? I have an awfully tight, hot,
    little pussy. You'd like to put your big prick in it and fuck the
    shit out of me, wouldn't you, Kenny?"


                               Chapter 17.

       Kenny just grinned and started stripping off the rest of his
    clothes. Debby crawled onto the bed, trembling harder than ever
    with her incestuous passion. She wiggled her small, pert ass into
    a good humping position, then spread her slender thighs as wide as
    she could, letting her horny nephew see all of her tight, wet,
    pouty-lipped cunt.

       "Okay Kenny!" she said breathlessly. "I'm gonna let you fuck
    me. Nice and hard, the way I'm sure you want to. But first, little
    nephew, I think you need a good lesson in pussy-licking. So get
    down there and eat it out, Kenny! You've got to make me cum with
    your tongue before I'll let you fuck my pussy!"

       Completely naked now, his huge, wet cock throbbing more stiffly
    than ever, Kenny moved onto his stomach between her legs.

       "Man, you got a gorgeous little cunt, Aunt Debby!" he said as
    he stroked his fingers over her lightly-furred sex, experimentally
    feeling the slippery wetness of her hairy, aching pussy-slit.

       "I said suck it, Kenny! I didn't tell you to look at it! Suck
    my cunt and make me cum!"

       She grabbed his head by the hair, roughly pulling his face onto
    her creaming fuck-hole. Kenny moaned with pleasure, enjoying the
    pungent aroma of his aunt's horny, wet twat. Debby gasped as the
    boy suddenly glued his lips to her pussy, thrusting his tongue
    deep into the interior of her hotly burning cuntslit.

      "Uhhhhmmmmm, fuck, yes! lick it, Kenny! Lick it good!"

       Debby clutched her nephew's head with both hands and wiggled
    her ass pleasurably on the sheets, sighing as he began dragging
    his fat tongue up and down between the flowering folds of her
    pussy.

       Kenny was a practiced, enthusiastic cunt-sucker. He moved his
    hand between his aunt's legs, delicately opening her pussy-lips
    with his fingers. He lapped her cunt much faster, licking all the
    hot, flowing juices from the depths of her drooling cunt.

       "Unnggghhh! Suck it, Kenny! Suck it good!" Debby couldn't
    restrain herself from humping her ass, grinding and thrusting her
    burning pussy-hole against his lips and tongue. "Ooooohh, fuck,
    that feels so good! Get your tongue in there, Kenny! Come on, be
    a good boy! Lick out Aunt Debby's pussy, honey! Clean it up and
    make me cum!"

       Kenny kept lapping Debby's tasty pussy, his huge prick pulsing
    like a steel rod between his belly and the bed. Debby shuddered as
    he slid two fingers gently into the clasping interior of her cunt.
    Kenny jacked off his horny, humping aunt while he ate her pussy,
    stabbing his fingers rhythmically in and out of her gooey, wet
    fuck-channel.

       "Suck my clit!" Debby pleaded. She humped harder, gasping and
    groaning, unable to keep her blushing ass still on the bed. "Uhhh!
    Uuuuhh! Feels good, Kenny! Oh, fuck, I'm getting close! Lick it
    baby, suck Aunty's pussy! Make your aunty cum you horny little
    cunt-licker!"

       Kenny touched his tongue on the swollen pink bud of Debby's
    clit. Instantly, his aunt humped her hips up at his mouth much
    faster, pulling Kenny's hair as she fucked her wet pussy all over
    his face. Kenny took his aunt's burning clit between his lips. He
    sucked her clit firmly, grazing his tongue on it, simultaneously
    pounding his fingers rhythmically in and out of her juice-gushing
    cunt.

       "Jesus! I'm cumming Kenny!" Debby hissed, humping so fast that
    he could hardly keep his mouth on her pussy-slit. "Unggghh! Suck
    my pussy! Suck Aunty's pussy! Oh, fuck! Oh, shit! I'm cumming,
    now! Cuuummnniiinnnggg! "

       Debby' s pussy exploded violently into orgasm, her hairy
    fuck-hole contracting tightly around her young nephew's probing
    fingers, her clit tingling and pulsing almost unbearably between
    his lips. Kenny kept sucking and jacking her off, guiding Debby
    through the intense peak of her cum. Finally, he lifted his face
    from her wet, hairy fuck-hole, rising to his knees and grinning
    down at her as his enormous prick throbbed over her stomach.


                               Chapter 18.

       "Okay, Aunt Debby," he said. "You promised, right? I get to
    fuck your tight, little pussy now, don't I?"

       "Oh, shit, yes!" Debby groaned, licking her lips as she stared
    at his massive prick. "Yes, I did promise. Now, fuck me, Kenny!
    Put your cock in my pussy and fuck the piss out of my juicy cunt!"

       Debby spread her slender thighs even wider apart, then lifted
    them high, until her knees hovered over her shoulders. Kenny got
    into position on top of her, bracing the weight of his torso on
    outstretched arms. Both of them looked down to watch his meaty,
    cum-oozing cock-head slice into her hot cunt.

       "Unngghh! Oh, Kenny!" Debby started humping as soon as he had
    his prick securely embedded in her pussy, wiggling at the same
    time to help him spear his cock all the way up her juicy cunt.
    "Fuck me, Kenny! Oh, shit, that feels so good! You've got such a
    big cock, Kenny! It's really a monster! Ram it up my pussy, lover!
    Fuck my cunt and make me cum!"

       Kenny gasped, realizing that Aunt Debby's pussy really was as
    tight as she'd said it was. Her wet, pink fuck-hole nipped and
    sucked around his giant cock, as if welcoming it into her pussy.
    Relentlessly, Kenny pushed his prick into her hairy pussy-slit,
    sinking inch after inch of his cock into her narrow, gooey cunt.

       "Fuck my pussy! Fuck Aunty's pussy!" Debby gasped. She draped
    her ankles over his shoulders and humped her ass like a bitch in
    heat, groaning and shuddering as she thrust her red-hot pussy onto
    the satisfying stiffness of his long, hard prick. "It's going into
    me good, Kenny! Oh, fuck, it's such a whopper! All the way in now,
    honey! Shove it all the way up my hot, fucking cunt!"

       Kenny collapsed on top of his shapely aunt, crushing her big,
    stiff-nippled tits under his chest, sinking his massive
    fuck-shaft to the balls in the gushing sheath of her cunt. Debby
    nearly started cumming all over again as she felt his bloated
    prick-head plumb the depths of her womb.

       Instead, she scissored her ankles together high across his back
    and started humping as fast as she could. She squirmed and
    whimpered shamelessly as she pistoned her drippy pussy onto the
    root of the teenager's huge prick.

       "Fuck my cunt, Kenny! Fuck Aunty's juicy cunt! Unggghh! Oh,
    fuck, you've got such a big cock! Aunty loves your huge, fucking
    prick! Ram it up my cunt, Kenny! Fuck my hot pussy as hard as you
    can!"

       Kenny pulled his cock out slowly, sighing as he felt her
    exquisitely snug little pussy-channel clinging wetly to his prick.
    He paused with just his spongy cock-tip inside her cunt, then
    thrust even farther up her pussy. He began working his hips
    steadily between her spread-eagled thighs, reaming out his aunt's
    heaving pussy with long, driving strokes of his blood-swollen
    prick.

       "Unh... unh... uhhhhh, that's right! Oooooh, fuck! Ohhh, shit!"
    Debby grimaced as she humped her slim hips up to meet his strokes,
    relentlessly thrusting her pussy against the pulsing root of his
    cock. "Fuck me, Kenny, fuck your horny aunt! I love your big
    prick, Kenny! Oh, please, fuck me faster with it! God, I Love
    your big, fat mother-fucking prick!"

        Harder and faster, Kenny fucked his prick-hungry aunt's cunt,
    the bed springs squeaking beneath them, her tender pussy-hole
    squishing audibly as it sucked hungrily on his young prick.

       Debby felt his cock pulsing ever more stiffly up her pussy, and
    knew that the youth would soon spray her cunt full with another
    load of boiling jizz.

       "Harder!" She clawed his back with her fingernails, grasping
    his gyrating ass-cheeks in a desperate attempt to make him force
    his cock even farther up her cunt. "I'm gonna cum again! Harder!
    Keep fucking my pussy, Kenny! Oh, please, make me cum all over
    your prick!"


                               Chapter 19.

       Kenny fucked his shameless aunt as fast as he could, driving
    her ass into the mattress as he relentlessly stroked his massive
    prick into her gushing, open pussy. In and out his cock sawed, in
    a blur, seeming to pleasure a different-part of her pussy with
    every thrust. Debby humped with all the energy in her loins,
    crying and panting as cum-spasms erupted deep inside her cunt.

       "I'm cumming, Kenny! Fuck me! Ohhhh! Fuck Aunty's pussy!
    Unnggghhh! Oh, fuck me, Kenny, keep on fucking me! Uhh! Uhhhhhh!
    Uuhhnnnnnnhhhgggghh! I'm cumming, cuummmmiiinnnngggg!"

       Debby's pussy exploded, spewing cunt-cream all over Kenny's
    hammering prick, her hairy, wet fuckhole spasming and contracting
    repeatedly around his cock. Kenny sighed and sank down on top of
    her, thrusting his aching hard-on to the balls in her cumming
    cunt.

       The second load of cum rushed up from his balls, making his
    enormous prick jerk and quiver deep inside her belly as it
    injected her cunt with his hot, gooey sperm. Debby felt his cum
    splashing deep inside her pussy, drenching her cunt with another
    torrent of her nephew's rich, creamy spunk. Dazedly, she flexed
    her cunt-muscles around his squirting prick, helping her hung
    nephew shoot out every drop of his jism.

       "Man, that was a good one!" Kenny said, grinning down at Debby
    as he popped his wet cock out of her drenched pussy. "You really
    can fuck up a storm, huh, Aunt Debby? Man, if only I'd known hot
    hot you were for cock, I'd have...."

       Debby pushed him roughly away. The initial heat of their
    incestuous fucking had faded, allowing room for the shame and
    guilt she'd suppressed all along. Debby couldn't believe that
    she'd just given her pussy to her own flesh and blood. She didn't
    she could ever face her sister Kathy again.

       "Hey! " Kenny protested. "What's the problem...."

       "Get out! " Debby demanded hoarsely. "Just . . . just leave me
    alone! Get out of this room!"

       "Hey, come on! I just fucked your hot little ass all over the
    bed, and now you're acting like...."

       "Just get out!" Debby interrupted, shouting. "Yes, I know what
    we just did! I'm sorry! Just leave me alone, Kenny! Get out right
    now!"

       Kenny looked at Debby for a moment longer, then shrugged,
    picked up his clothes and trudged silently out of the bedroom.
    Debby lay naked on the rumpled bed, Kenny's milky jism still
    oozing out of her well-fucked cunt. My own nephew, she thought,
    over and over. I let my own nephew fuck me.... and I loved it!



                               Chapter 20.

       Debby managed to avoid her nephew for the rest of the afternoon
    and evening but that did nothing to dilute her lust for him. The
    more she thought of how good his jism had tasted, of how
    wonderfully his hard, young prick had stuffed her pussy, the more
    badly she wanted to feel his massive fuck-pole spearing into her
    cunt. Debby went to bed early, knowing that she would have to do a
    lot of finger-fucking before she got to sleep. She finally managed
    to drop off into a half-slumber, after jacking off her wet,
    burning pussy to four cums in a row.

       But at three in the morning, she awakened suddenly with a
    strange, new need pounding inside her cunt. She'd been dreaming
    about fucking Kenny, and her pussy felt wetter and hungrier than
    ever. Her asshole was throbbing, too. The naked aunt's tight,
    little shit-sphincter throbbed in and out, hot and itchy, eager to
    stretch wide to accommodate a long, fat ass-fucking prick.

       "Oh, I'm such a slut!" Debby murmured shamefully. She kicked
    the sheets to the foot of the bed, and started finger-fucking
    again, hoping that her hand would be able to allay the
    irresistible need coursing through her.

        But Debby realized it was impossible. As she recalled the
    dream more clearly, she knew it had been about ass-fucking. Kenny
    had such a wonderful big prick, and it had been so, so long since
    she'd felt a real monster cock rammed deep inside her itchy little
    shitter.

       Impulsively, Debby leaped from the bed, realizing that she
    couldn't suppress her incestuous desires any longer. She walked
    naked out of the bedroom into the bathroom, where she found a
    small tube of KY jelly in the medicine cabinet. She rushed to her
    nephew's room, her hot, little asshole throbbing in horny
    expectation as she padded barefoot down the hall.

       He was fast asleep, curled up under the covers. Debby was too
    horny to care what he thought of her, or what she thought of
    herself. All she knew was that she had to get her asshole fucked
    good, hard and deep before she'd be able to get back to sleep.

       "Wake up, Kenny!" Debby turned on the light and yanked the
    sheets to the foot of the bed. Even though it was soft, Kenny's
    prick looked as huge as ever, hanging in a meaty tube on his
    thigh. Debby put the KY jelly on his bedside table and swiftly
    grasped his prick, starting to jack on it slow and hard.

       "Mmmmmmunhuh," Kenny groaned. He twisted flat onto his back,
    his eyelids fluttering. "Wha. . . "

       "I said wake up, Kenny! " Debby said feverishly. She kept on
    fisting his enormous prick, moaning as she felt his giant cock
    getting hard, stiffening between her fingers. "Wake up so you can
    fuck your aunt again! I'm too horny to sleep, Kenny! I need your
    big prick inside me again!" Kenny opened his eyes wide, then
    grinned at his fuck-hungry aunt sitting naked beside him,
    feverishly stroking his prick.

       "I thought you didn't want to get it on with me anymore," he
    said.

       "I . . . I changed my mind," Debby mumbled. She blushed,
    ashamed of the intensity of her lust. "It doesn't matter. Come on,
    Kenny, make your prick stiff for me! I need you to fuck me good,
    Kenny! Need you to fuck my cunt!"

       But she didn't have to ask. Kenny already had a giant,
    throbbing hard-on, his prick stiff and tall in her pumping fist.
    Debby released the boy's quivering fuck-tool, shuddering as she
    fought back the urge to plunge his cock into her mouth. She did
    want to suck his prick again, but her pussy and asshole were
    throbbing almost painfully. Debby desperately needed to get
    fucked.

       "Come on, Kenny!" Debby swiftly got into the dog-fucking
    position, dropping her shoulders low and wiggling her round,
    peach-shaped little ass at him enticingly. "Fuck me good, little
    nephew! Ram that monster prick inside my hot cunthole and fuck me
    hard!"



                               Chapter 21.

       Kenny got into position behind her saucily rounded ass, his
    long, stiff cock twitching up and down before the wet, pouting
    lips of her hairy cunt. Holding his prick in hand, he fit his
    spongy cock-crown into her fuck-hole. Then he grasped his aunt's
    lithe hips and pushed his cock into her pussy, squishing inch
    after inch of his erected prick into the sucking, wet heat of her
    fuck-channel.

       "Oh, Kenny! " Debby cried, and grimaced as she felt his giant
    prick boring into her pussy, stretching her cunt-lips wide around
    the invading thickness of his cock."Fuck my pussy, Kenny!"

       Debby clawed the sheets and started humping, wiggling and
    bucking, thrusting her red-hot pussy against the satisfying length
    of his prick.

       Kenny rammed his prick all the way in her cunt and started
    fucking her tight, little pussy fast and hard, rhythmically
    spearing his cum-loaded fuck-pole in and out of his aunt's tight,
    slippery twat. Debby bucked to meet his rhythm, whimpering as she
    thought how incredibly good it felt to have a giant prick like her
    nephew's embedded in her cunt.

       Her asshole throbbed worse than ever. The naked aunt blushed
    with shame, wondering if Kenny would be shocked or disgusted by
    her need for ass-fucking. She knew it didn't matter. Nothing
    anymore mattered except the gratification of her suddenly
    insatiable lust.

       "Kenny please play with my asshole! " Debby blurted suddenly.
    "Please! Unhhh . . . Kenny, keep fucking my pussy! Oh, Kenny,
    finger my asshole! Oh, fuck! Oh, please, play with my asshole
    while you fuck my cunt!"

       Kenny grinned, looking down and seeing how his naked aunt's
    pink, puckered shit-ring throbbed in and out, contracting every
    time he slammed his cock into her pussy. He saw the tube of KY
    jelly on the nightstand, and realized what his aunt had really
    come to his room for.

       "So, you got a horny asshole as well as a horny cunt, huh, Aunt
    Debby?" he asked, then chuckled. Kenny grabbed the KY and squirted
    a thick glob of the gel between his aunt's gyrating ass-cheeks.
    Debby yelped as he started smearing the jelly all over her itchy,
    little asshole, his blood-engorged cock still ramming in and out
    of her sucking, slurping snatch.

       "Oh, Kenny!! Kennneee! " Debby bit her lip, her gorgeous face
    contorted with the pleasure of sodomy as she felt her nephew's
    finger probing into her shitter. "That's right, Kenny!
    Ooooohhhh, fuck, get that finger in there! Play with my asshole,
    lover! Jack off my asshole and fuck my cunt with your big fat
    prick!!"

       Her asshole felt very tight and hot, the KY making her puckered
    shit-hole clasp juicily around Kenny's finger. Kenny darted his
    finger in and out of her asshole, then squished a second finger
    into her shit-tunnel to join the first. Debby whimpered as both
    her pussy and asshole throbbed in unison, contracting
    uncontrollably, preparing to cum.

       "Fuck my cunt, Kenny, fuck your aunt's juicy cunt! " she cried.
    "Oh, fuck! Ooooh! shit! My pussy loves your big prick! Ahhh, yes,
    fuck my cunt... fuck my little asshole! Fuck me, Kenny, fuck
    meeee! I'm cuuuummmiiinnnngggg!"

       Debby's pussy sucked tightly around Kenny's pistoning cock as
    the cum erupted deep inside her loins, making her fuck-juice gush
    out of her hairy cunt-hole, and her asshole contract wantonly
    around her nephew's fingers. Kenny didn't shoot his load inside
    her. Instead, he kept on fucking her tight pussy as fast as he
    could, finally sinking a third finger into the rubbery grip of his
    horny aunt's shithole.

       Debby gasped and pulled away from him, making his fingers and
    cock pop out of her body. For several seconds, she sprawled
    motionless on her belly, panting loudly, savoring the intense
    pleasure his prick and fingers had just given her.



                               Chapter 22.

       Then the horny aunt knew it was time to get the furious
    asshole-reaming she'd come to Kenny's room for in the first place.
    Grabbing a pillow, Debby lifted her hips and thrust it under her
    belly, lifting her hips slightly so that Kenny would be able to
    stuff his huge fuck-tool more easily into her asshole. She
    shamelessly grasped her blushing ass-cheeks with both hands and
    spread them wide, completely opening her jelly-greased asshole for
    the invasion of her nephew's long, hard prick.

       "Okay Kenny!" she moaned. "Time to fuck Aunty's asshole now!
    Hurry, lover, my little ass is all wet and ready for you! Fuck my
    asshole, Kenny! Fuck your aunty's hot, juicy ass!"

       Kenny swiftly mounted her, aiming his swollen, dripping
    cock-head at her puckered shit-hole. Debby shuddered. She felt her
    asshole stretching wide with the meaty hugeness of his cock.
    Immediately, she started wiggling and humping her ass, trying to
    help her young nephew force his giant hard-on all the way up her
    asshole.

       "Oh, shit, it's big! But it feels so good, Kenny, it feels so
    fucking good! Ahhhh, fuck my asshole baby! Ram it in now, Kenny!
    All the way up Aunty's fucking ass!"

       Kenny humped on top of her naked body, stuffing his
    blood-swollen prick a little further up her tender asshole with
    every hard thrust. Debby's itchy, rubbery shit-ring sucked and
    spasmed around his cock, welcoming his prick into her bowels.
    Finally, the horny youth had all of his[ cock up his aunt's
    shitter, buried to the balls in the sucking wet heat of her tight
    ass-channel.

       "Unnggghh! Oh, Kenny! It's so big, lover, it's just so fucking
    big!" A wanton smile of total sexual satisfaction spread across
    the fuck-hungry aunt's face. Lewdly, she thrust her hands under
    her belly, sighing as she finger-fucked her hairy, dripping cunt.
    She started humping again, much harder now, thrusting her
    stretched asshole onto Kenny's cock.

       "Ass-fuck me, Kenny! " she pleaded. "Come on, ass-fuck me
    good!... Stroke it in and out, Kenny! Oh, fuck! Oh, please, my
    asshole needs your cock !

       Kenny withdrew his cock slowly from the tender heat of her
    ravished asshole until only his cock-knob parted her puckered
    shit-ring. He paused, then speared his huge prick all the way back
    into her jelly-coated shit-channel. Then, he settled into a
    steady, pelvis-pounding rhythm astride her blushing ass-cheeks,
    repeatedly spearing his cum-swollen cock into the tight, hot grip
    of his aunt's rubbery anus.

       "Harder!" Debby cried. She finger-fucked as fast as she could,
    moaning and crying as she experienced the intense pleasure
    coursing through her cunt and ass.

       "Fuck my asshole, Kenny!... unhhh... uuuuh, Aunty loves
    your prick up the ass! Harder! Oh, Kenny, please, just fuck the
    shit out of me! Fuck my asshole as hard as you can!"

       Kenny did as his horny aunt asked, grimacing and dripping sweat
    as he rammed his  big thick cock into his aunt's tender
    asshole as hard as he could. In and out his huge prick sawed,
    reaming out her bowels completely with every stroke. Debby felt
    her shit-channel suck uncontrollably around his prick, signaling
    that she was on the verge of an extremely powerful cum.

       "Fuck my asshole! Fuck my horny asshole!", she pleaded, humping
    her ass in a frenzy of wild, incestuous fuck-lust. "Oh, Kenny, I'm
    cumming now! Fuck my asshole, hard. Fuck it with your big fucking
    prick! UNNGGHHHH! I'm cumming,...cuuummninnnggg!"

       Her asshole spasmed violently, sucking convulsively around
    the driving stiffness of his prick. Kenny gasped as hot, milky
    spunk rushed up from his balls, making his hard-on twitch and
    jerk up her shit-chute as it spewed out its molten load of cum.

       Again and again, his gooey jism spewed up her asshole, bathing
    her bowels in an intensely satisfying tide of cum. Debby kept on
    humping and finger-fucking, sighing with pleasure as the
    contractions of orgasm pleasured her naked, quivering body.

       Kenny came so hard that his sperm filled her throbbing
    asshole completely. Debby sighed as she felt his cum-load bubbling
    back out of her shit-sphincter around his pumping cock, puddling
    obscenely on the bed.

       She had to keep fucking him now, Debby thought dazedly as Kenny
    continued to thrust his still-stiff prick between her jiggling
    ass-cheeks. Her nephew was the best fuck of her life, and she knew
    she couldn't live without him. She was totally addicted to the
    boy's hard, virile young cock!


                             Chapter 23.

       "Shit, Mom!" Billy sighed. "You sure do love sucking my prick!"

       Billy sat at the kitchen table, ignoring the plate of bacon,
    eggs and toast his sex-crazed mother had hastily assembled before
    he'd come downstairs. Kathy wasn't paying any attention to
    breakfast either. Instead, she was sucking insatiably on her son's
    enormously hard cock, kneeling before his kitchen chair with her
    eyes closed and her mouth stuffed shamelessly fucking her face.

       "Oh, Mom! Harder! Suck harder, Mom!" Billy curled his fingers
    in his mom's long, blonde hair, staring down at her almost in awe
    as she slurped hungrily on his throbbing, glistening erection.

       I love the taste of my son's cock, Kathy thought, as she
    torridly fucked her face on his huge, juicy prick. She loved the
    way Billy fucked her pussy and went down on her, and she
    constantly craved the pressure of his huge prick up her asshole.
    But sometimes she thought that just giving him an endless
    succession of blowjobs was what she loved most of all. Just to
    wrap her lips around her own child's enormous fuck-rod .... just
    to gulp down all of his shooting cum.

       Billy's mighty cock was growing even stiffer, oozing out more
    spunk onto her tongue pulsing rhythmically against the roof of her
    mouth. Kathy whimpered happily around his prick, sensing that her
    sucking efforts were about to be rewarded with a shower of jizz.
    Her enormous, naked tits quivered spongily as she bobbed her head
    faster on his crotch, trying to fuck his enormous prick-shaft
    farther down her gullet. Billy made a moaning sound and pulled
    lightly at his mother's hair, writhing on the chair. Kathy wrapped
    her fist tightly around his blue-veined erection and beat her
    young son's stiff cock-meat fast and hard, urgently tugging her
    fist up to her madly sucking lips.

       "Oh, Mom, I'm gonna shoot it!" Billy moaned. "Please, keep
    sucking, Mom! Suck out my cum! Uhhhh, yeahhh! I'm gonna shoot in
    your hot fuckin' mouth!"

       Kathy's -face was red, and the gurgling sounds of her
    prick-sucking had grown extremely loud. Eagerly, she sucked her
    child's tasty tool as hard as she could, constantly swiping her
    tongue around his fat cock-head, bathing it with her saliva. Her
    fist was a blur as it jacked on his thick shaft, trying to coax
    the sappy shower of cock-cream out of his young balls.

       "I'm getting close, Mom! Oh, fuck, really close!"

       The prick-loving mom knew she had to do something to make her
    son really spew out buckets of goo. She wiggled her hand between
    his ass-cheeks, pressing her forefinger tightly against Billy's
    shitter. Billy made a strangling sound as his mom wormed her
    finger deep inside his asshole and jacked off his shitter very
    fast and hard. Simultaneously, she sucked and beat his cock-meat
    as hard as she could.

       "I'm cumming, Mom! Oh, fuuuuuck!"

       Billy's hot cum squirted, making his enormous cock quiver and
    buck between Kathy's lips. His prick jetted out long, sappy
    ribbons of jism. His thick, milky cream gushed in a torrent down
    his prick-hungry mother's throat, instantly giving her the
    bellyful of spunk she'd craved.

       Feverishly, the naked mom continued to suck and jack her boy's
    shooting fuck-pole, desperate to gulp down every drop of his
    cream. Billy writhed on the chair, almost in pain from the torrid
    intensity of his mother's sucking. And still, Kathy sucked and
    stroked his massive cock Finally, she released it with a loud,
    contented gulp, as she swallowed the last of his jizz.

       "I swear, Mom!" Billy said happily. "I don't know how I'm gonna
    concentrate in school today, when I know I've got a sexy cunt like
    you waiting for me at home!"

       Kathy just giggled and gave her child's prick a last, loving
    kiss. Then she gave Billy time to wolf down his breakfast and run
    upstairs to dress. Fifteen minutes later he was gone, only a few
    minutes late for school. Kathy spent most of the morning playing
    with her wet pussy, thinking again and again of sucking and
    fucking her son's enormous prick. Her mind wandered to Kenny. It
    was peculiar, she realized, that Debby hadn't called her yet. Had
    Debby even tried to talk seriously to Kenny?

       Kathy though about it. She even considered telephoning, but
    finally decided that she owed her kid sister a visit. Shortly
    after noon, she drove over to Debby's house.


                             Chapter 24.

         "Kenny! " Debby protested. "Oh, honey, you can't want to fuck
    my pussy again, can you? You've already fucked me four times
    today! Oh, Kenny, please.... I have to go shopping.... Kenny, damn
    you, I should have made you go to school this morning! Oh.... oh,
    Kenny.... ooooooohhhhhhh!"

         Kenny half-guided, half-dragged Debby onto the living room
    floor, having already ripped off the few clothes his aunt had
    bothered to wear that day. They were both naked, and his giant
    cock throbbed stiffly as he loomed over her, preparing to ram his
    rigid fucker deep inside her juicy cunt.

       "All right, Kenny, you win!" Debby said, panting. Eagerly, her
    earlier reluctance forgotten, the naked aunt sprawled on her back
    on the carpet. She wiggled her ass into a good fucking position,
    then spread her legs as widely as she could, completely opening
    her curly-haired fuck-hole for the first, skewering thrust of her
    nephew's big prick.

       Kenny moved swiftly into position between her legs, nudging his
    bloated cock-head into her, hairy, gooey fuck-hole. The naked aunt
    shuddered with pleasure as she felt his hard cock plow into her
    pussy, for the fifth time that day! Kenny's stamina was
    incredible, Debby thought. He'd gotten hard-on after hard-on, and
    it wasn't even one o'clock yet.

       "Oh, Kenny, your cock feels so huge, baby!"

       Debby scissored her ankles together high around his back,
    wrapping her slim arms around his brawny shoulders and pulling him
    close. The fuck-crazed aunt started humping fast and hard, banging
    her ass off the floor, pumping her hot, clinging twat onto Kenny's
    prick.

       "Unh.... unh ... uhhh, oh, God! What a fuck! Love your big
    cock, Kenny! Come on, fuck me really hard now! Ungghhh.... unh....
    uhhhffff, fuck my pussy, baby! Fuck the piss out of my horny
    cunt!"

       Kenny fucked his enormous prick relentlessly into her pussy,
    until his cock was buried to the balls in her sucking, creamy
    cunt. He lay flat on top of her, giving Debby more room to wrap
    her legs tightly around his back. Then Debby's hung nephew started
    fucking her fast and hard, just like she'd asked, reaming out her
    hot, wet cunthole with long, driving strokes of his blood-engorged
    prick.

       "Harder!" Debby cried, humping tirelessly to meet his strokes,
    gasping every time his enormous prick sawed all the way up her
    cunt. "Oh, Kenny, I love your big cock, baby, love your big,
    fucking cock ! Harder, now, lover, fuck my juicy pussy! Oh, Kenny,
    yessssss! You're making me cum!"

       Kenny rose and roughly turned her over, making the naked
    brunette squeal as she suddenly found herself on her hands and
    knees. Kenny never missed a beat. He just rammed his hard,
    glistening cock back into her cunt again, and fucked her pussy
    from behind even faster than ever, his giant fuck-tool stabbing
    even deeper up his horny aunt's hairy, juice-filled twat.

       "Play with my asshole! " Debby yelled. "Unnggghhh! Oh, shit, I
    love it! Stick a finger into my asshole, Kenny, but keep fucking
    that big, fat prick into my juicy cunt!"

       She dropped her shoulders low and spread her legs wide, making
    her tightly rounded ass-cheeks part so that her naked nephew could
    see her pinkly puckered little anus. Kenny slid his finger up
    Debby's rubbery asshole, and fucked it in and out in time with his
    cock-thrusts up her cunt, giving his aunt the special pleasure of
    sodomy that she always seemed to crave. His massive fuck-rod felt
    bigger and bigger up her pussy, stretching her hairy cunt-slit to
    bursting. Debby grimaced as she felt herself beginning to cum.

    "Fuck my pussy! Fuck my horny pussy!" she moaned. "Ahhhh, shit, my
    pussy loves your cock! Ream me out, Kenny! Oh, fuck! Oh, shit, I'm
    cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

    Her asshole sucked obscenely around his finger as her pussy
    exploded, spewing pungent-smelling fuck-oils around the hammering
    length of Kenny's prick. Kenny kept fucking her wildly, guiding
    Debby through the exquisite peaks of her cum.


                             Chapter 25.

       Finally, Kenny slid his still-hard prick out of her ravaged
    pussy, and his loving aunt knew instantly where he'd want to fuck
    her next.

       "You want Aunty's asshole again, don't you, Kenny?" she cried.
    "All right, baby. Just 'cause you gave my pussy such a good
    fucking, I'll let you ream my ass again! But you've got to get
    something to lube me up first, darling. That monster of yours is
    just too big to make it up my asshole dry!"

       Kenny rose, grinning as he trotted into the kitchen. He
    returned with the first thing at hand, a bottle of vegetable oil.
    Debby giggled and lay expectantly on her belly, spreading her
    ass-cheeks wide to reveal her hot, itchy asshole to the horny,
    young stud. Kenny smeared the oil plentifully over both his
    hard-on and her rubbery shit-hole, until Debby was lubricated
    enough to let him spear his huge prick up her ass.

       He mounted her, centering his bloated cock-head onto her tight
    little shitter. Debby gasped with pleasure as she felt her asshole
    stretching wide open, admitting the thrusting thickness of his
    cock.

       "Ahhhh, Kenny! Oh, yes! Yes, you're such a good ass-fucker,
    baby!"

       Kenny had his prick securely embedded in his aunt's tight
    shitter, and it was no longer necessary for Debby to spread her
    ass-cheeks for him. The horny woman thrust her hand under her
    belly and feverishly started rubbing her wet pussy, simultaneously
    wiggling and humping her twitching asshole onto his cock. Kenny
    fucked steadily, sliding inch after inch of his blood-clogged cock
    into the welcoming tightness of her asshole. Finally, his prick
    was all the way between her ass-cheeks, buried to the balls in the
    sucking heat of her oiled-up shithole. Debby humped much faster,
    feverishly rubbing her throbbing pussy, thrusting her asshole onto
    her nephew's cock.

       "Ass-fuck me, Kenny!" she pleaded. "Come on, baby, ram that
    monster up my asshole! All the way in, lover, that's the way! Oh,
    fuck! Oh, shit, it feels so goood!"

       Kenny stroked through the rubbery grip of his aunt's asshole,
    fucking deeper and harder with every stroke. He pounded his huge
    cock up her ass in a steady, lustful rhythm, making Debby's
    red-flushed ass jiggle every time he packed his cock to the hilt
    in her tight, squirming butt.

       "Make me cum, Kenny!" Wildly, Debby fingered her aching pussy,
    alternating between rubbing her clit and darting two fingers into
    her gooey fuck-slit. "Fuck my asshole, baby, fuck my tight, little
    asshole! My pussy is cumming, Kenny! Oh, fuck, yes! I'm
    cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       Her asshole spasmed sharply. sucking the hammering length of
    the youth's fuck-pole as pussy-oils oozed out of her cunt. Kenny
    shuddered as his heavy load of prick-juice gushed up from his
    balls.

        His cum blasted up his aunt's horny asshole in a torrent of
    jizz, soothing the rubbery walls of her shit-tunnel with a
    frothing load of cum. Wantonly. Debby flexed her shitting muscles
    around her nephew's spunk-squirting cock, helping him spurt out
    every drop of jism.

                         + + + + + + + + + +

       Watching from the bushes outside the living room window, Kathy
    shamefully rubbed her pussy through her panties as fast as she
    could. Her eyes were riveted to Kenny's huge prick. She gasped as
    she watched him pull it out of Debby's asshole, as hard as iron,
    sticky with oil and his own oozing cum.

       The whole episode had been the most exciting scene Kathy had
    ever witnessed. Her son, her sister, together... naked... fucking,
    fucking, fucking. 'I'll have to talk to her', Kathy thought
    dazedly. `I can't let my sister fuck my son... have his cock all
    to herself... his big, beautiful cock!'

       The longer Kathy stared at Kenny's enormous prick through the
    window, the more jealous and angry she felt. Tomorrow, she told
    herself. Tomorrow, she'd come back and give Debby the most
    threatening lecture of her kid sister's life.


                             Chapter 26.


       "Unh! Unhhnh! Uuuunnnhhhhnh! Oh, Kenny, love your prick... love
    your big, fat, fucking prick!"

       It was the middle of the next morning, and Debby was
    finger-fucking again, thinking about her nephew's cock. She'd
    finally made Kenny leave for school that morning, and now she almost
    wished she hadn't. Her cunt was so wet and horny that it hurt. The
    only thing she'd managed to make herself do that day was dress. in a
    sheer, white blouse and a pale, paisley skirt. The rest of the time
    had been spent with her fingers up her cunt.

       She sat on the living room couch, staring vacantly at the wall as
    she feverishly darted her fingers into the gooey wetness of her
    hairy pussy-slit. Her ass heaved off the cushion, the skirt bunched
    around her waist, her slender legs spread wide and lifted high.

       "Kenny," she moaned. "Fuck me, Kenny... fuck Aunty's pussy...
    oh, yes, Kenny, fuck my cunt with that big hard cock, baby!"

       She was just getting ready to cum when the doorbell interrupted
    her. Debby swore, put down her skirt and slid off the couch, hoping
    that the smell of her wet pussy wasn't strong enough to be
    identified by her visitor. She glanced through the peephole, then
    she felt overwhelmed by a deep, trembling fear.

       Debby stared at Kathy through the peephole, her mind reeling as
    she imagined the purpose of the visit, trying to think of an excuse
    for not having called Kathy at all. Finally, she shrugged and
    grasped the doorknob. She'd just have to manage the best way she
    could, Debby thought.

       "Uh... hi, Kathy!" Debby said cheerily, spreading her lips in a
    false, social smile. "Boy, am I glad you came over! I was just
    getting ready to call you!"

       But Kathy only glowered at her, and Debby felt her fear
    worsening. Kathy had dressed formally in spite of the heat, in a
    long, conservative skirt and a fluffy blouse that only partially
    concealed the size of the blonde mother's enormous tits. Kathy
    looked angry, Debby thought, angry yet determined.

       "Do you mind if I come in?" Kathy asked icily.

       "Of course not!" Debby held open the door, again hoping that the
    smell of her pussy wasn't too strong. "Come in and sit down. How
    have you bee...."

       Kathy broke off her sister's babble by simply not responding,
    crossing to the couch, sitting primly on the edge of it and looking
    at Debby menacingly. Debby gingerly took a seat on the sofa as far
    away from her big sister as she could.

       "Uh... I guess you're wondering why I haven't called you." Debby
    said hopefully. "You see, I'm afraid I... ahh... I just haven't had
    the nerve to talk to Kenny yet about, well, you know... that pass
    he made at you. I mean... I keep telling myself to talk to him about
    it, but I, you know, I guess I just keep putting it off."

       Kathy cracked a grim smile.  "I suppose that's because you're
    so damn busy fucking him!"

       Debby gasped, feeling her cheeks flushing scarlet.

       "How... how did you... "

       "I saw you through the window yesterday, Debby!" Kathy hissed.
    "I did come over to find out why you hadn't called, and then I saw
    the reason with my very own eyes. You let my son fuck you right on
    the floor! I have never seen anything so disgusting and obscene in
    all my life. I have more than a good mind to turn you into the
    police!"

       Debby moaned desperately. "No, "Don't!" don't do that! I... I can
    explain. I... "

      "You know perfectly well that you can't fucking explain
    anything!" Kathy interrupted, her voice shaking, as if she could
    barely control herself. "You fucked my son, and I think you're
    nothing but a filthy whore for doing it! I want Kenny home tonight,
    do you hear me? I want my son home tonight!"

      Debby took a long, pensive look at her sister. Kathy was, Debby
    realized, angrier than the circumstances warranted. Debby studied
    Kathy's face, seeing how red her sister's cheeks were, how Kathy's
    eyes glowed, how Kathy seemed unable to sit still on the couch.

                             Chapter 27.

       She also noticed her sister's stiff nipples. The blonde's erect,
    tit-buds stood out conspicuously under her conservative top and bra,
    her nipples were as hard as little pebbles. Kathy had her legs
    crossed under her long skirt, and Debby noticed how rapidly Kathy
    swung her leg up and down, in a pendulum motion. Debby knew how it
    made her feel when she swung her own leg like that, she felt it
    right in her cunt!

       "Yes, I saw you fucking him!" Kathy continued, and Debby noticed
    that Kathy almost seemed to be exciting herself with the account of
    Debby's crime. "I saw you fucking my son on the floor. I always
    thought you were a good girl, and now I can see that my little
    sister is nothing but a filthy, degenerate...."

       "Kathy," Debby interrupted softly. "why are your nipples
    sticking out like that?"

       Kathy gasped and stared at her sister in horror. Her nipples
    protruded even more stiffly through the blouse, and Kathy's leg
    moved in a faster pendulum motion. and Debby realized at once that
    her suspicions were correct. Kathy was horny! That was why she was
    so mad. She was so horny she could hardly sit still. Debby
    remembered how horny she was, too.

       "You know," Debby said softly, "when we were growing up together!
    I used to feel jealous of those big tits of yours. I mean, mine are
    big, too. but not like yours. You want to know something, Kathy?
    Something I've never told you before?" Kathy just sat there, unable
    to speak, shaking with repressed lust. Debby rested her fingers
    lightly on Kathy's thigh. "I used to play with myself, thinking
    about them!" Debby hissed. "Sometimes I'd even peek at you in the
    bathroom. You've got such an incredible body, Kathy! You know,
    that's the real reason that Kenny wants to fuck you so bad. He can't
    help wanting you so badly. And I can't help wanting you either!"

       "S-s-stop it!" Kathy sputtered. "Stop talking like a....."

       But Debby interrupted her older sister by moving close to her,
    capturing Kathy in a lewd embrace. Her hands slid up, cupping
    Kathy's, enormous tits. Kathy made a sobbing sound as her kid sister
    massaged her huge tits, milking and massaging them under her palms.

       "Stop!" Kathy moaned. trembling harder than ever with lust.
    "No... Jesus, Debby... you're my sister!"

       "I want to take a look at them, Kathy!"

       Her confidence growing, Debby tore open the buttons dotting the
    front of Kathy's ample chest, then ripped off the blouse entirely,
    leaving her big sister naked from the waist up, except for her bra.
    The D-cup Maidenform was like a harness, barely able to contain
    Kathy's massive tits. Debby undid the front clasps. helping Kathy
    out of the bra, and releasing the enormous tits from their tight
    confinement.

       Kathy's nipples were stiff, as hard as rubbery eraser-tips. Debby
    hefted Kathy's huge tits, almost in awe of their weight and
    firmness.

       "I wanna suck them, Sis!" Debby groaned, then lowered her head,
    wrapping her lips tightly around one of Kathy's sensitive.
    stiffly-distended nipples.

       "No!" Kathy moaned. "Don't it's not right! Oh, no, please stop!"

       But Kathy was doing nothing to resist her, and Debby knew that
    her big sister was as horny as a bitch in heat. And so was she.

       Eagerly, Debby slurped on one of Kathy's large tits, covering the
    wide, crimson, goosebumped nipple with saliva and little teeth
    marks. Debby switched tits, sucking her sister's other lush tit even
    harder. Kathy writhed submissively on the couch, unable to control
    her growing lust.

       "Mmmmmm, they taste good!" Debby purred. She giggled as she
    dropped to her knees in front of the couch, roughly pulling off her
    sister's shoes. "Now let's get the rest of this shit out of the
    way!"

       "No!" Kathy moaned. "Oh, no, stop, stop....."



                             Chapter 28.

       But Kathy actually helped her, lifting her hips so that Debby
    could strip off her skirt. A minute later, the blonde, huge-titted
    mother was completely naked. Debby marveled at Kathy's long-legged,
    lithe figure. She met no resistance as she spread Kathy's thighs,
    opening her fleecily furred, obviously dripping cunt.

       "Get your ass to the edge of the couch!" Debby demanded. ''Come
    on, I can't lick your pussy when your hips are back like that!"

       "No!" Kathy moaned. "Oh, no. .. "

       "I said move your ass!"

       Debby grabbed her big sister's hips and pulled Kathy's ass-cheeks
    roughly to the edge of the couch. She moaned as she looked at
    Kathy's pussy. Her sister's cunt was dripping wet, her pouting
    pussy-lips swollen and puffy, badly in need of a good, hard fucking
    or a nice, long licking.

       Debby dropped her head between Kathy's thighs, inhaling the
    fragrant aroma of her big sister's fuck-oils. Debby glued her mouth
    to her big sister's throbbing cunt. She flicked out her tongue,
    dragging it slowly it up the wet slit of Kathy's cunt, lapping up
    the tasty juices from the depths of her sister's juicy wet pussy.

       "Ungggh! Oh, Debby! Oh... oh... "

       Shamefully, Kathy ground her hips on the couch, letting her
    thighs fall even wider apart. Debby had never licked a pussy before,
    and she was amazed that she liked the taste so much. Or maybe it was
    just Kathy's pussy, Debby thought. Kathy's cunt tasted incredibly
    good, and Debby felt her own pussy growing wetter and wetter as she
    relished the arousing aroma of Kathy's fuck-channel.

       Debby glided her tongue up and down Kathy's fuck-hole,
    contentedly lapping the juice from the oozing lips of Kathy's cunt.
    Kathy's pussy grew wetter and hotter, then the blonde mother finally
    lost control of herself. She clutched Debby's head and hornily
    started humping, her enormous tits bouncing and quivering as she
    shamefully thrust her wet, hairy pussy against Debby's face.

       "Suck me!" Kathy moaned. "Oh, please! Oh. fuck, I love it now! It
    feels so good! Unh ... unh! Oh, Debby, oh, little sister, lick my
    pussy! Lick my cunt, Debby, make it cum!"

       Debby didn't answer, concentrating hard on the enjoyable task of
    cunt-sucking. Tenderly, she massaged her big sister's inner thighs,
    encouraging Kathy to spread her legs even wider. Kathy did, and
    Debby stiffened two fingers, sliding them into the gooey sheath of
    Kathy's pussy. Instantly, Kathy humped her ass much faster, madly
    thrusting her throbbing fuck-hole against Debby's face.

       "Lick me! Lick my pussy!" Kathy said, gasping.

       She dug her fingers sharply into the back of Debby's neck,
    moaning and crying as the fuck-need built in her.

       "Ungghh! Oh, shit, it feels so good! You're making me cum, Debby!
    You're gonna make me cum!"

       Debby moved her hand, delicately parting Kathy's pussy-lips while
    continuing to dart two fingers in and out of Kathy's buttery cunt.
    Kathy's pink, swollen clit was exposed, and Debby eagerly began
    flicking her tongue on it, pushing Kathy's ultra-sensitive clit-bud
    from side to side as she continued to jack off Kathy's pussy with
    her fingers.

       "Gonna cum!" Kathy cried. "Oh, fuck! I'm, getting so close! Suck
    my clit, oh, please!"

       Debby wrapped her lips around Kathy's clit. She sucked it gently,
    drawing Kathy's clit-bud out with the suctioning pressure of her
    cheeks. still ramming her fingers wildly in and out of Kathy's cunt.
    Kathy squealed and humped her hips off the couch, signaling that
    she was about about to orgasm.


                             Chapter 29.

       "Kathy!" Debby said suddenly. "I want you to tell me something!"

       Debby suddenly withdrew her lips from Kathy's throbbing clit,
    cruelly holding her big sister on the very brink of orgasm. All
    Kathy could do was whimper and buck her ass up off the couch,
    writhing in frustration at the very edge of ecstasy. Debby giggled
    almost sadistically, still darting her fingers in and out of Kathy's
    fuck-hole, gently rubbing Kathy's clit with her thumb.

       "Kathy, you do want to fuck Kenny, don't you?" Debby asked
    softly. "That's the real reason you were so mad at me, isn't it? You
    were just pissed off because I fucked him first!"

       "No, no!" Kathy moaned, red-faced with shame and frustration.
    "No... "

       "You want to fuck your son, Kathy!'' Debby insisted. "You want to
    feel Kenny's big, hard prick pounding up your hot pussy, don't you?
    You want him to fuck the shit out of you, just like he fucked me!
    Mmmmmm, and he IS a good fucker, Kathy! You can take my word for it.
    Think about your son's big, throbbing prick while I suck your cunt
    and make you cream!"

       Debby dropped her head again, gluing her lips to Kathy's aching
    clit. She sucked her sister's little fuck-bud much harder, making
    Kathy cry out and hump her ass wildly up off the couch. Debby thrust
    three fingers up Kathy's pussy and jacked off her big sister as
    fast as she could.

       "I'm cumming!" Kathy gasped, clutching Debby's head. "Suck my
    pussy! Oh, fuck! Oh. please, suck my pussy! I'm cumming now! Eat me!
    Lick me, I'm cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       The profusion of fuck-juice flowing from Kathy's cunt told Debby
    that her sister was enjoying an extremely hard cum. Kathy's clit
    pulsed between Debby's lips, and Debby avidly continued to lick and
    suck it, guiding Kathy through the full length of her orgasm. Debby
    was sure that Kathy was thinking about fucking Kenny the whole time.

       Red-faced, sweaty and trembling, the horny blonde mother let her
    ass-cheeks settle back on the couch. Debby smiled up at her sister
    shamelessly, licking the stray drops of pussy-juice from her mouth.
    Debby rose to her feet and started stripping off her clothes.

       "What... what're you doing?" Kathy asked, still in a trance.

       "What do you think I'm doing? It's your turn, big sister. Now you
    get to suck me!"

       Debby shrugged out of her blouse, exposing her slim waist and
    big, firm. cherry-nippled tits. The skirt was next, then Debby was
    completely naked. The girlish-looking brunette stretched out on the
    living room floor, staring at Kathy boldly as she wiggled her naked
    ass on the carpet and spread her thighs wide apart, letting Kathy
    see the glistening pink wetness between her dark-furred cuntlips.

       "Suck it, Kathy!" Debby hissed. "Get over here and suck my cunt!"

       "No!" Kathy said. "No, I... "

       "I said get over here and lick my cunt!"

       Ashamed, frightened and unbearably horny, the blonde mother slid
    off the couch and submissively crawled into position between Debby's
    wide-spread legs. For a moment Kathy just gazed hungrily at her
    younger sister's gooey slit, seeing how Debby's pouting pussy-lips
    were swollen and slick with the fragrant juices oozing from the
    depths of her dark-haired cunthole.

       "You know you want to suck it, big sister!" Debby hissed. "After
    all, this is the pussy that Kenny was fucking! Think about it,
    Kathy. Your own son fucked the shit out of the tight, little pussy
    you're looking at right now, and shot it full of his hot, creamy
    cum!"

       Kathy made a whimpering sound and immediately dropped her head,
    hungrily plastering her mouth over her little sister's pussy. Debby
    giggled, amused that the mention of Kenny would so swiftly make
    Kathy hot. Her giggle turned to a long moan of passion, as Kathy
    began to suck her cunt.

       Debby didn't know if Kathy had ever licked a pussy before. If
    not, Debby thought, she was a natural. Eagerly, Kathy slid her
    tongue up and down Debby's aching fuck-hole, avidly lapping the
    juice from Debby's curly-haired slit.


                             Chapter 30.

       "Oh, shit!" Debby moaned. She humped her ass off the floor,
    rhythmically thrusting and1 grinding her wet, furry pussy against
    Kathy's lips. "Suck it, Kathy! Come on, clean it up! You know you
    love the taste of my pussy! Just think about how hard Kenny fucked
    it, Kathy. Your own son fucked the cunt you're licking right now!
    Don't you wish you could have been down there licking it while he
    did?"

       Kathy licked Debby's pussy revenously. Her tongue flicked and
    glided up and down Debby's cunt, making Debby's tight, little
    pussy-slit burn and swell with pleasure.

       "Unnnnhh, yeahhhh! Fuck that feels good, Sis!" groaned Debby,
    grinding her pussy up at Kathy's licking tongue. "Ohhhh, stick some
    fingers in my cunt, Kathy! Finger-fuck my pussy and suck my clit!"

       Kathy slid two fingers up Debby's tight fuck-channel, pumping
    them in and out of her little sister's horny pussy just like a
    small, thrusting prick.

       "Oh, fuck!" Debby grimaced and clutched her sister's head, her
    whole body shaking as the pleasure of cunt-sucking built steadily in
    her naked body. "That's good, baby! You're a good, good
    pussy-licker! Unnggghhh! Oh, Kathy, suck my clit now! Put it in your
    mouth and suck it good for me! I need to cum, Kathy! Fuck, I need to
    cum!"

       Debby's clit was swollen, protruding at the top of her little
    cunt. Kathy licked higher, brushing her swiping tongue
    experimentally on Debby's tingling, pulsing clit. Debby instantly
    dug her fingers sharply into Kathy's neck and humped her ass much
    faster, staining her big sister's cheeks and chin with the
    fuck-juice flowing out of her horny cunt.

       "Suck it, Kathy, suck my clit!" she. cried. "Jack off my pussy,
    Kathy! Oh, shit! Oh, fuck, I'm really gonna cum!"

       Fucking her fingers rhythmically in and out of Debby's tight
    pussy, Kathy wrapped her lips around her younger sister's aching
    clit. Skillfully, she sucked the brunette's sensitive little
    clit-bud, drawing it out with the suctioning pressure of her
    puckering cheeks.

       "Oh, fuck!" Debby moaned, humping her tight ass off the floor in
    a delirium of passion. "I'm cumming, Kathy! Suck my pussy! Suck my
    hot, fucking pussy! Cumming, oh, yes, cuuummmmmmiiinnnggg!"

       Her climax was long and hard, making Debby's luscious body heave
    and tremble in the throes of pleasure. Kathy eagerly kept jacking
    and licking her sister's pussy, sucking Debby's throbbing little
    clit to guide her through the peaks of her cum. Finally, the ecstasy
    subsided. Panting, smiling wearily, Debby let her hips settle back
    on the floor and looked at her big sister with lust-glowing eyes.

       "Damn, Kathy!" she purred. "You really know how to suck cunt,
    once you get started...."

       But her words faded as she saw the expression on Kathy's face.
    The naked mom looked as if she about to scream. Kathy jumped
    abruptly to her feet, trembling as she grabbed hastily for her
    clothes.

       "Kathy... "

       "Shut up!" Kathy whispered fiercely. "I can't believe what I just
    did with you! My own sister! I can't believe it... you actually
    dragged me down to your own level!"

       "Kathy!" Debby said, giggling. "Come off it!"

       "Never again! Do you hear me?", Kathy pointed her finger at
    Debby, serious and threatening. "Never again!... I want Kenny home
    tonight, do you hear me? I'll call the police if he isn't! I want my
    son home!"

       A minute later, Kathy was dressed and gone, slamming the door
    loudly on her way out. Debby sighed and stared at the ceiling
    thought about Kathy's hypocrisy and sudden change of mind, then her
    mind and pussy focused on the only thing that mattered... no more
    sex with Kenny!... No more fucking and I sucking her hunk of a
    nephew's big, beautiful prick.

       "Shit!" Debby said aloud. She sighed with frustration and dropped
    her hand between her legs, beginning to finger-fuck again, darting
    her middle finger rapidly in and out of her wet, throbbing cuntslit.


                             Chapter 31.

       Kathy was so overwhelmed with lust and emotion that she barely
    managed to drive back to her house safely . Her pussy throbbed
    violently all the way home... every time she thought of licking
    Debby's pussy... every time she imagined herself slurping on Kenny's
    prick, the fuck-lust would return... ever stronger!

       I'm loosing control of myself, she thought, over and over. First
    she'd seduced Billy, shamefully sucking and fucking her youngest
    son's man-sized prick. Now she'd made it with her sister, and the
    desire for Kenny's cock was so intense that she could practically
    taste the huge fuck-rod between her lips.

       Kathy thought of Kenny's magnificent cock-shaft, feeling her
    pussy throb harder and harder. It had been a mistake, she realized,
    to tell Debby to send Kenny home. She just couldn't help herself.
    She desperately needed to fuck her oldest son.

                    + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +

       At 11:30 that night, Kathy went to Kenny's room. He had returned
    late that afternoon, obviously unhappy to be away from Aunt Debby's
    tight pussy, and had spent most of the evening with friends. Kathy
    had used the opportunity to fuck Billy again and again, until her
    younger son had finally fallen wearily and happily, fast asleep.

       She had hoped that fucking Billy would suppress her lust for
    Kenny, but it had done exactly the opposite, the hot, horny mother
    lusted for more!

       Now, pausing outside Kenny's bedroom door, staring at the thin
    beam of light shining under it, the wanton mother knew that there
    was no chance of Billy catching her. Kenny's bedroom was upstairs
    from Billy's and on the other side of the house. She could make as
    much noise fucking and sucking Kenny as she liked.

       `God, I'm a slut', Kathy thought dazedly. She gazed down at
    herself, blushing with shame as she realized how obscenely
    revealing her night-dress was. The transparent, black negligee was
    the skimpiest in her wardrobe, the one she'd always worn for her
    husband when she'd really, really wanted to get fucked.

       Her nightie clung to her enormous tits, revealing the incredible
    size and firmness of her spongy tit-globes, showing her wide, stiff,
    crimson nipples through the gossamer-thin fabric. The lacy hem
    barely covered her tight asscheeks, and her long, sexy legs were
    bare. The horny mother knew that Kenny would see her hairy
    pussy-triangle as soon as she walked into his room.

       `God! What am I doing?', Kathy thought as she raised her hand to
    knock. `I'm just a slut, just a horny. son-fucking slut... but I
    can't help myself!'

       "Kenny?" she called. "Kenny, are you awake? I saw your light on.
    Can I come in and talk to you?"

       "Yeah, it's open. Come on in."

       Kathy took a deep breath and entered her older son's bedroom.
    Kenny was reading in bed, a small light glowing on the nightstand.
    The covers were bunched around his waist, and Kathy's eyes went
    immediately to his lean, naked torso, and to the obviously ample
    cock bulging under the covers. Kenny's eyes bulged when he saw his
    mother.

       Kathy crossed the room to his bed, blushing as she felt the
    weight of her enormous, braless tits quivering under the negligee.

       "I... I hope you don't mind my being dressed like this. Kenny,"
    she said nervously. "It's just that I was about to go to bed, and I
    thought I might talk to you. I hope it doesn't ... distract you."

       It was a ridiculous explanation, and both of them knew it.
    Kenny's grin stretched from ear to ear as he realized that his
    sex-starved, fuck-hungry mom had come to his room for no other
    reason than to sample his eager young prick.


                             Chapter 32.

       Still grinning, Kenny dropped the book he'd been reading
    carelessly on the floor and folded his hands behind his head,
    choosing to let his mom proceed as she pleased with the seduction.

       "No, Mom," he said easily. "It doesn't distract me at all!"

       "Kenny, I know you're mad at me for making you come home from
    Aunt Debby's house," Kathy said. She sat beside him on the bed,
    trying to keep her eyes off of his bulging crotch. "The thing is,
    Kenny . . . well, this might come as a surprise to you, but I saw
    you having sex with your aunt yesterday. I hope you can understand
    why I'd want you out of that kind of environment, son."

       "Yeah, Mom!" Kenny leered. "I understand what you want
    perfectly!"

       "Kenny, how could you have had sex with your own aunt?" Kathy
    asked, letting her trembling fingers rest on his muscled chest.
    "I'm not angry, darling. I'm just curious. And that sinful pass you
    made at me, Kenny. Don't you know what incest is? Don't you know
    what a sin it is to want to fu... to want sex with your own mother?"

       "Guess I just can't help it!" Kenny said happily. "I mean, you're
    just so sexy, Mom. You've got the best-body I've ever seen! Every
    time I look at your long legs, or your sweet ass, or your big,
    juicy tits, I get turned on. I swear, sometimes my prick gets so
    hard it feels like it's about to break. You wouldn't believe how
    often I think about fucking your pussy when I jack off, Mom!"

       "Oh, Kenny, please stop this!" groaned Kathy. But she was
    practically panting with lust, wiggling her ass on the bed and
    moving her fingers in a circular motion on his muscular, rippling
    stomach. "Please don't say such obscene things to your own mother!"

       "I can't help it, Mom... as a matter of fact, I'm getting horny
    looking at you right now. My cock's really getting stiff, Mom!
    Here, why don't you take a look for yourself..."

       "Oh, Kenny, please... "

       Kenny kicked the covers to the foot of the bed, exposing his
    naked body. Kathy gasped, staring at his prick. His cock was
    enormous, every bit as long and thick as Billy's young fuck-rod...
    one of the most magnificent pussy-pleasers she'd ever seen in her
    life.

       His long, throbbing prick was as hard as iron. The huge, rigid
    pole of flesh arching stiffly above his muscular young stomach like
    a rail-road spike... twitching and throbbing obscenely with
    adolescent arousal.

       The horny mother stared at her son's potent fuck-meat. The boy's
    massive cock continued to twitch over his stomach, then milky
    pre-cum began to ooze out, gleaming wetly on the very tip of his
    prick.

       "See, Mom?", Kenny asked, in a mockingly innocent voice. "See how
    big and stiff it is?  Now it's leaking and everything!  I'm really
    horny, Mom! Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to fuck you bad. I
    wouldn't even go to sleep tonight, if I had my way. I'd just fuck
    your hot, sweet, little pussy all night, Mom!"

       "Oh, Kenny, you're being disgusting!" Kathy moaned, panting. "How
    dare you say such sinful things to your own mother? You're a
    horrible, filthy young man!"

       Even as she said it, Kathy dropped her hand to Kenny's crotch,
    wrapping her fingers boldly around the boy's rigid cock. She
    shuddered with lust as she felt how hotly and stiffly it throbbed
    against her palm.

       Kenny just grinned as his cock-loving mother jacked his prick for
    him, stroking her fist rhythmically up and down the jutting stalk of
    his huge, twitching erection.

       "I guess I'll just have to help you, Son!" Kathy said
    breathlessly. "I can't let my own child walk around all day with
    such an enormous hard-on. I... mean, it must really hurt! I guess
    it's my duty to... to give you relief. What... what do you want me
    to do, Kenny?"

       "I want you to suck it for me, Mom!" Kenny said. "I want you to
    put it in your mouth and suck it hard, and drink down all my cum!"

       "Oh, Kenny, that's so disgus... all right," Kathy said, shaking
    from head to toe. "Sit on the edge of the bed. baby. Yes, Mommy
    will do it for you, baby. Mommy will suck your big, hard prick!"


                             Chapter 33.

       Kathy slid off the bed and knelt submissively, waiting. Kenny
    swiftly twisted around, sitting up on the edge of the mattress with
    his long, thick fuck-stick throbbing stiffly in front of his
    mother's face. His cock-starved mom wrapped her fist around her
    child's prick, staring intently at his cum-oozing piss-slit. She
    dropped her head, planting her lips on the head of his cock and went
    down on him in a wet, sucking kiss.

       She tasted his oozing jism, and it was every bit as delicious as
    Billy's spunk. Kathy felt her pussy burning and throbbing as she
    realized that she was wallowing in the most depraved depths of
    incestuous desire... that she was shamelessly given blow-jobs to
    both her sons, and loving every second of it!

       Kathy shut her eyes, forgetting her shame, thinking only of
    Kenny's prick between her lips. She let her mouth open wide and
    pushed her face toward his hairy crotch, taking the first several
    inches of his tough, meaty cock down her throat.

       "Yeah, Mom!" Kenny whispered happily. He gazed down at her, at
    the lurid spectacle of his horny mother sucking his prick. "Take it
    all, Mom! Suck hard!"

       Red-faced with shame and passion, Kenny's horny mother wrapped
    her lips in a tight, hungry circle around the blood-engorged shaft
    of her son's huge prick. She sucked, nursing compulsively on his
    cock, as if starved for the tasty jism packed in his balls.
    Rhythmically, she puffed out her pink cheeks. then puckered them
    sharply inward, working feverishly on the steel-like stiffness of
    Kenny's lurching prick.

       Her face bobbed on his hairy, young crotch as she hungrily tried
    to fuck his huge prick farther down her throat. Kathy swirled her
    tongue busily around his shiny-skinned cockhead, coating it with
    saliva and lapping up his oozing cum.

       `Such a big hard-on', she thought, contentedly slurping on his
    erect young prick harder and harder. She loved it... she couldn't
    help herself. She adored sucking both her sons' wonderful cocks.

       "Ooooooh, Mom!" Kenny looked at his mother's flushed face, seeing
    how wide her full lips were stretched to accommodate his meaty cock.
    "God, I've wanted you to do this for so fucking long! Unggghh! Eat
    my cock, Mom! Oh, shit, keep sucking it! Suck the juice right out
    of my fucking balls!"

       Kathy whimpered around Kenny's cock, imagining herself soon
    gulping down the gushing squirts of his jizz. The flush in her
    cheeks went from pink to red as she sucked his magnificent young
    cock harder and harder, her hungry lips dragging up and down the
    throbbing stalk of his glistening fuck-meat.

       More juice oozed out of his piss-hole, and Kathy eagerly lapped
    it all up with her swirling tongue. Her cock-sucking grew
    progressively louder and sloppier-sounding, until she could hardly
    hear her son's moans over the gurgling, slurping sounds that filled
    the whole bedroom. Tirelessly. she bobbed her face on his crotch,
    fucking her mouth with her son's enormous prick.

       "Make me cum, Mom!" Kenny moaned. "Oh, shit! Please make me cum!"

       Kathy tightened her fingers around her child's cock-shaft feeling
    how fat and thick his prick was, how his cock pulsed wildly under
    her fingers. Feverishly, she started beating his swollen meat again
    and again, pumping her fist rhythmically up and down his aching
    cock. Her teeth grazed his cock-tip and her tongue licked up and
    down the length of his stalk while her lips sucked like crazy!

       `Cum, Kenny', she thought, sucking shamelessly. `Cum for Mommy,
    Kenny... shoot your cum down Mommy's throat'

       "Play with my balls, Mom!" Kenny groaned. pulling her hair. "Oh,
    shit, I'm really getting close! I'm gonna cum, Mom, Christ, I'm
    gonna fuckin' cum!!!"

       Kenny's huge prick had swollen to twice it's original thickness,
    throbbing wildly on the roof of Kathy's mouth. Realizing that her
    son was about to give her the bellyful of cream she so urgently
    required, the horny mother sucked his fuck-pole as hard as she
    could. Her fist was a blur as it pistoned up and down his
    prick-shaft, trying to coax the spunk out of his balls. Finally,
    she moved her left hand between his shaking thighs, touching his
    balls.

                             Chapter 34.

       His balls felt very heavy, overloaded with jizz. Lewdly, Kathy
    cradled them, rolling his ball-bag on her fingertips, tirelessly
    sucking and jacking her son's enormous prick as hard as she possibly
    could.

       "Here it cummmms, Mom!... Fuck!... Suck it! I'm
    cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       Kenny's cock-juice started squirting. It was an incredibly big
    load, as big as any Kathy had yet nursed from Billy's balls. His
    first cum-blast spurted into her mouth, nearly choking her as it
    spewed down her throat. Kathy sucked his squirting cock harder than
    ever. The first shot was followed by spurt after spurt of rich,
    milky, salty-tasting spunk.

       Again and again, his jism streamed up from his balls, inundating
    her mouth and throat with her son's rich cum. The sounds of the
    mother's wild prick-sucking grew even louder as she swallowed his
    cum.

       Hungrily, Kathy continued to suck Kenny's cock even after she'd
    swallowed the last spurt. He had to push her head gently away to
    make her take his saliva-and-cum dripping prick out of her mouth.

       "Oh, Kenny!" The horny mother sat up on her heels, still staring
    transfixedly at his huge cock as she licked drops of cum from around
    her mouth. "You really were horny, weren't you? I don't think I've
    ever swallowed so much spunk in my life. Oh, Son, your cock hasn't
    softened at all. You're still awfully, awfully horny, aren't you,
    Son? You... you must need Mommy to help you again, don't you? What
    do you want Mommy to do?"

       "You know what I want. Mom!" Kenny said. his voice almost harsh
    with desire. "The same thing you want. I want to fuck your tight,
    little pussy, Mom! Now get on the bed, right now!"

       "Oh...oh, Kenny, all right!" Kathy moaned. "All right,
    sweetheart, if you insist."

       Trembling and blushing with lust, Kenny's fuck-hungry mother rose
    and crawled onto the bed, sprawling on her back and waiting to see
    what her boy would do to her. Kathy gasped at his fierceness as he
    ripped open the front of her negligee, yanking it down to her
    heaving belly, exposing her enormous tits.

       "Shit, Kenny, you've ruined it! Oh, baby please slow down!
    Ooooooooh, Kenny..."

       Kenny fondled Kathy's enormous tits as if he'd been waiting his
    whole life to touch them. In a daze of passion, the boy massaged and
    kneaded his mom's huge breasts, sighing as he felt how firmly and
    softly they squished under his fingers. Then, with a low moan of
    pleasure, Kenny lowered his head, wrapping his lips tightly around
    the nearest of his mother's fat nipples, sucking it between his
    lips.

        Eagerly, he slurped on her stiff, rubbery tit-bud, chewing it
    like a hungry baby. Kathy gasped and uncontrollably started humping,
    grinding her hairy, dripping-wet pussy on his thigh. Kenny sucked
    her stiff nipple until he'd covered it with saliva and little teeth
    marks. Then he gave the same treatment to Kathy's other huge tit,
    until the horny mother's tits felt full and swollen.

        "I'm really gonna fuck you now, Mom! I'm gonna fuck you good and
    hard!"

       "Oh, my baby!" Kathy moaned, delirious with fuck-lust. "Yes,
    Kenny, fuck Mommy's pussy now! Oh, please, I'm so horny! Fuck my
    cunt. baby, fuck your mother's juicy cunt!"

       Kenny roughly pushed up the hem of Kathy's thin negligee, leaving
    the transparent garment in a crumpled band around his mother's
    waist. He almost hurt her as he roughly spread her creamy thighs
    wide apart, exposing her throbbing, dripping cunt to his lustful
    gaze.

       Kathy gasped as her muscular son pushed her long legs up, until
    her knees were over her shoulders. He mounted her like a horny
    animal, aiming his twitching, oozing cock-head at the wet, pouting
    lips of his mother's cunt.


                             Chapter 35.

       His huge prick pierced her pussy, spreading Kathy's cunt-lips
    wide around the invading thickness of his cock-meat. The naked
    mother shuddered and started humping immediately, panting and
    moaning as she pistoned her wet pussy onto the satisfying stiffness
    of her son's cock. Kenny slid his massive prick in deeper and
    deeper, until it was half way up his mom's tight, gooey-wet
    fuck-tunnel.

       "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Kathy chanted. She draped her ankles
    over his brawny shoulders and started humping as fast as she could,
    practically slamming her hot, clinging pussy up to the root of his
    cock. "Harder, Kenny, harder! Fuck that big prick all the way in!
    Unh... unh... unh... oh, fuck! Oh, shit, keep fucking me, Kenny...
    Keep screwing Mommy's horny fuckin' cunt!"

       Kenny hunched his slim muscular hips forwards, making his huge
    fuck-pole slam all the way into his mother's pussy. Her hot, wet
    cunt was incredibly tight.... Kenny could feel her cunt-walls
    sucking and spasming around his cock, welcoming his huge fuck-rod
    into her pussy as he hoped she always would.

       Kenny sprawled flat on his horny mom, crushing her enormous tits
    under his chest, her ankles still over his shoulders. He savagely
    started drilling her wet, furry pussy, banging her ass on the bed
    as he pounded his rock-hard prick in and out of her receptive
    little cunt.

       "Harder, harder, harder!" Kathy cried, grimacing, twisting her
    head wildly from side to side. "Fuck me, Kenny! Fuck me! Make Mommy
    cum, baby! Oh, fuck! Oh, please, make me cum all over your big,
    fucking prick!"

       Relentlessly, Kenny fucked his mother as hard and as deep as he
    could. He was oblivious to her own pleasure, thinking only of the
    painful stiffness of his hard, virile young cock as it slammed in
    and out of his mom's clinging, pouty-lipped cunt.

       Kenny's long, thick prick was pleasuring Kathy every time he
    stroked it to the hilt in her pussy. His adolescent fuck-rod was
    getting stiffer and stiffer, and Kathy's cunt felt wetter and
    wetter.

       "Fuck me, Kenny!" Kathy clawed his shoulders and whipped up her
    ass up in a frenzy of desire, fucking her hung child as hard as she
    could. "Fuck your mother! Fuck Mommy's cunt! Ungghhhhh! I'm
    cumming, Kenny! Mommy loves your big, fucking prick! Oh, shit! Oh,
    fuck! I love it! Mommy's cumming, baby! Jesus... I'm fucking
    cummmiiinngg!"

       Her pussy erupted in orgasm, spasming and spewing cunt-juice all
    over his hammering cock. Kenny's cock started shooting off in
    mid-stroke, pumping his second load of jism deep into his mother's
    ravished pussy. Kathy gasped as she felt her son's hot spunk squirt
    deep up into her pussy. soothing the wet, horny walls of her
    fuck-tunnel with a soothing tide of sperm.

       "Oh, Kenny, that was so good!" she moaned. "You're such a good
    fucker, baby! Such a good, good fucker... "

       Kenny wasn't paying any attention. He slid his still-throbbing
    cock out of his mother's tight cunt with a wet, popping sound, and
    immediately slid down the bed, putting her shaking thighs over his
    shoulders. With a groan of pleasure, Kenny dropped his face to his
    mother's dripping, just-fucked cunt.

       "Oh, Kenny! Oh, Kenny, you can't wait to lick my pussy after you
    just shot all that cum in there! Oh, Kenny... oh, fuck, Kenny, oh,
    fuck!"

       Kenny was already eating her out, greedily slurping his tongue up
    and down between the folds of her throbbing cunt, avidly licking his
    own sticky prick-juice out of his mother's gooey cunt.

       He slid two fingers into her pussy-slit, jacking her off fast and
    hard, moving his tongue up to her clit. The horny blonde mother
    shuddered, lust overwhelming her again.

       "Oh, Kenny... " Kathy dropped her hands, clutching his head.
    "Yes, Kenny, lick me..."

       The horny mother started humping her ass again, forgetting
    everything except her own wild passion, fucking her hairy, wet pussy
    all over her son's face.


                              Chapter 36.

       Debby sat in her car, parked a block away from the school,
    wiggling her horny ass on the vinyl-upholstered seat and fighting
    the urge to pull down her skimpy, pink gym shorts and rub her
    throbbing cunt. Two days had passed since Kathy had demanded Kenny's
    return, and Debby was simply starved for a good fucking. She was
    positive that Kathy was now helping herself to Kenny's eager young
    cock. Debby had thought about it for hours the day before, and the
    longer she'd stewed on it, the angrier she'd felt. It wasn't right
    that Kathy got to have Kenny's huge, ever-ready cock all to herself.

       Debby decided that she might as well seduce Billy instead. He
    would be leaving school shortly, would hardly think anything of
    being offered a ride by his own aunt. But he might think something
    about her clothing.

       Her pink gym shorts were much too small, riding high up her hips
    to show the lower curves of her small, pert ass-cheeks. The elastic,
    sky blue tube top clung to her big, firm tits, showing the size and
    stiffness of her nipples. If that didn't make Billy's teenage cock
    stiffen in his school-pants, Debby thought, nothing would.

       The throng of students stated passing her car a few minutes
    later. Debby wiggled her horny ass-cheeks on the seat as she watched
    the muscular older boys wander past. Then, as she finally saw
    Kathy's younger son walking towards her, she felt her pussy begin to
    throb with anticipation. She beeped the horn and waved. Billy
    stepped up to the car, looking at his aunt curiously.

       "Hi, Billy!" she said cheerily. "Need a lift?"

       "Sure!" said the boy eagerly, and jumped in beside his aunt,
    dropping his books on the floor.

       Debby hit the gas and pulled the car away from the curb a little
    quickly, making the tyres squeal in her haste. She was horny as hell
    and needed to get Billy somewhere private in a hurry. When she
    looked at her nephew again, she realized that he'd noticed her
    skimpy apparel. Billy's eyes were riveted to his sexy aunt's bare
    belly and big, round tits. Debby smiled and let him look, until they
    were away from the congested traffic near the school.

       "What're you doing out this way, Aunt Debby?" Billy asked a bit
    nervously, wanting to fill the silence. "Anyway, it's real nice of
    you to give me a lift home."

       "Let's not go home quite yet, Billy." Debby said easily.
    "Actually. I've been waiting for you on purpose. There are some
    things I'd like to talk to you about, darling."

       She'd never called him darling before, and she felt Billy stiffen
    as she rested her delicate fingers easily on his denim-clad leg.
    Billy looked around, noticing that the road they were on was leading
    into the country.

       "What do you want to talk to me about?"

       "Oh, just some things, Billy. You'll see."

       "Where're we going?"

       Debby giggled. "To a special place I know, honey. Just be
    patient."

       Debby pulled off the road a minute later, steering the sedan into
    a grassy clearing, surrounded on all sides by dense undergrowth. She
    shut off the engine and squirmed sideways on the seat, resting her
    back against the driver's door, shamelessly spreading her slender
    legs wide. She saw her nephew's crotch bulging as he stared
    furtively at her plump little pussy, outlined in detail by the tight
    skimpy shorts Debby had chosen especially for the occasion.

       "Are you comfortable, Billy?" Debby purred.

       "Yeah," Billy said, still unable to take his eyes off his aunt's
    pussy. "Ummm, w... what kind of stuff did you want to talk about?"

       "Well, it's very simple. Billy," Debby said, deciding to be frank
    with the boy. "I picked you up today because I happen to be very,
    very horny. I know you're looking at my cunt, honey. Do you see how
    swollen the lips are? They're wet too. Billy. I've been thinking
    about fucking all day long, and I finally decided that you were old
    enough to do the job for me, baby. What do you say, Billy... wanna
    fuck?"


                             Chapter 37.

       Billy just gaped at her, his young eyes wide and his man-sized
    cock throbbing in his pants as he stared incredulously at his
    gorgeous aunt. Debby giggled at the boy's embarrassment and lifted
    her hips enough to slide down her shorts.  A moment later, she was
    naked from the waist down, only her tight, tube top covering her
    large, firm breasts.

       The wanton aunt wiggled her tight, little ass on the seat and
    spread her slender legs again, showing her nephew her hairy,
    pouty-lipped, dripping-wet cunt, knowing the sight of it was
    exciting the young teenager.

       "It's a nice, tight, juicy pussy, Billy!" Debby whispered,
    dropping her hand between her thighs. She darted her middle finger
    in and out of her drippy pussy-slit. "Now, I'll take you home if you
    want, Billy. But wouldn't you rather stay here and fuck my tight,
    hot, wet little cunt? Or, maybe you'd rather lick it first. Would
    you like that, Billy? Want to taste Aunty's sweet, juicy cunt-hole
    before I let you fuck it, baby?"

       Billy responded by moaning and lunging toward her, sprawling on
    the seat with his head between her legs. Debby giggled triumphantly
    and let her back slide down the driver's door, giving her horny,
    young nephew more room to get at her naked pussy. She spread her
    legs as wide as she could. draping one ankle over the back of the
    seat. Young Billy was face-to-face with his aunt's wide-open
    fuck-slit.

       "Lick it, Billy!" she hissed. "Come on, lover, get your tongue in
    there. Suck the juice out of Aunt Debby's wet pussy! Make my pussy
    cum all over you tongue, honey!"

       Billy slid his hands down the sensitive flesh of her inner
    thighs. He surprised Debby with his skill as he delicately peeled
    open her puffy pussy-lips with his fingers, exposing the
    juice-glistening pinkness of his aunt's hairy, swollen cunt.

       "Oh, Billy, I can see you've done this before!", Debby gasped.
    "Ummmmm! Lick it, Billy! Lick my cunt!"

       Billy bent his head and started licking. Avidly, he moved his
    tongue up and down his aunt's gooey cunt-slit, lapping up the tasty,
    musky-smelling juices from her hairy cunt. Debby's pussy felt very
    hot and swollen. Billy's mouth moved busily up and down her pussy,
    nibbling at the sensitive pussy-flesh like an expert, his tongue
    probing delicately between her gaping, drooling cuntlips.

       "Uuunngghhh! Oh, my baby, keep licking me!" Debby clutched his
    young head with both hands and feverishly humped her nephew's
    handsome face, grinding her ass off the car seat, thrusting her
    throbbing pussy against his open, sucking mouth.

       "Oh, yeahhhhh! Eat it all up, Billy! It's good for you! Ungghh!
    Lick my pussy, honey! Suck my hot pussy till I cum in your fuckin'
    mouth, baby!!"

       His aunt's babbled obscenities made Billy hornier. His lapping
    tongue moved higher up her burning pussy. finally brushing on her
    swollen clit. Billy licked Debby's aching little sex-bud skillfully,
    pressing his tongue to either side of it, then finally taking her
    clit between his lips. He sucked her clit gently and firmly, grazing
    his tongue on the very tip.

       "Ooooh, fuck! Ohhhhhh, shit!" Debby bucked her ass up hard, her
    face contorted with the intense pleasure of being sucked so
    expertly. Debby had thought her young nephew would be a virgin, that
    he would have to be taught the techniques of fucking. `God! Where on
    earth had he learned to suck a clit like this?' she wondered.

       Billy puckered his cheeks around his horny aunt's erect clit,
    sucking it harder. Debby dug her fingers into the back of his neck,
    squirming her hot little ass around so frantically that the youth
    could barely keep his lips around her clit. And still her nephew
    continued to suck her, guiding her higher and higher on the ladder
    of her lust.

       "Suck me, Billy, suck my clit!" Debby cried. "Oh, fuck, that
    feels so marvelous! Billy, my cunt's cumming now! Lick it, baby,
    lick it good! Oh, fuck, Billy, can't staaand it! Ohhhhhhhh, shit!
    I'm Cuuuuuummmmiiinnnggg, baaaaaabbbbbyyyyy!!"


                             Chapter 38.

       Debby's quivering pussy spasmed violently around Billy's
    deeply-thrusting tongue, seeping cunt-juice onto Billy's chin. The
    boy kept sucking and licking his aunt's drooling pussy, finally
    slipping two stiff fingers into his aunt's cunthole. He jacked off
    her cunt as she came, guiding her through the exquisite peak of her
    orgasm.

       "Ummmmmmmmm! Jesus that was good, baby!  All right!..." Debby
    giggled as she pushed him away from her oozing snatch, making him
    sit back up on the bench seat. "It's your turn now, Billy. Come on,
    lover, get those jeans off, I wanna suck your cock!"

       Staring at his aunt's gaping pussy, Billy quickly undid his belt,
    yanked down his zipper and tugged his jeans to his ankles. He wore
    no underwear, and Debby gasped at the sight of his prick. He was a
    smaller youth than Kenny, but his cock was every bit as huge,
    magnificently oversized for his otherwise boyish body. His long,
    fat, rock-hard prick stood straight out of his cock-fur, throbbing
    stiffly over of his hard, muscular young stomach.

       "Oh, Jesus, Billy! What a whopper!", Debby whispered, awed by the
    size of the youngster's huge prick. She yanked off her tube top,
    exposing her big, stiff-nippled tits and straddled him, planting her
    knees on the vinyl to either side of his hips.

       Debby reached down, grasping his cock with both hands. Slowly,
    she wiggled her ass in a downward spiral, until the spongy,
    cum-oozing tip of his cock nudged between the tight, juicy-wet lips
    of her cunt.

       Billy moaned and started hunching his hips upwards, trying to
    thrust his cock into his aunt's pussy. But Debby could control all
    the action, and didn't choose yet to drop her hips down farther. She
    held onto Billy's shoulders and looked mischievously into his eyes.

       "Billy, I know you've fucked a cunt before," she said softly.
    "Nobody is THAT good at licking pussy the first time around. Billy,
    who taught you about sex?"

       Billy instantly looked frightened, and that gave the fuck-hungry
    aunt all the answer she required. So it was Kathy, she thought.
    Billy had learned about fucking from his own mom! Billy humped
    faster, trying to get his cock into her pussy. Debby wiggled her ass
    lower, shuddering as a third of his enormous cock slid deliciously
    into her wet, glove-tight cunt. Billy grasped his aunt's tight
    little asscheeks, desperately trying to pull her cunt down onto his
    invading cock-meat. But Debby just giggled and slapped his hands
    away, flexing her cunt-muscles to make her gooey pussy nibble
    frustratingly at the first several inches of his prick.

       "I want to know, Billy. Who taught you about fucking?"

       "I can't tell you!"

       "It was your mom, wasn't it, Billy? You learned about fucking
    from my big sister, didn't you? Your mother's cunt was the first one
    you ever fucked!"

       "Oh . . . oh, please, Aunt Debby!" Billy cried. "My prick's so
    fucking stiff! You've got such a tight cunt, Aunt Debby. Please let
    me fuck your hot, juicy cunt!"

       "You've got to tell me first, Billy! Did you fuck your mother?
    Did you?"

       "Y...y...yes!" Billy groaned at last. "Oh, yes, I did! I do it
    all the time! Mom loves it! Now, please, fuck my cock, Aunt Debby!
    Please, please!"

       Debby responded by dropping her ass down hard, skewering her
    tight, gooey pussy down onto the thick, satisfying stiffness of her
    nephew's horny young prick. Billy shuddered as his cock slammed to
    the hilt in his aunt's hot, clinging cunt. He dropped his hands,
    filling his fingers with the tight, round globes of her creamy young
    ass.

       Billy hunched up, grinding his hips off the car seat, fucking his
    aching fuck-rod in and out of his aunt Debby's exquisite little
    cunt.

       "Yes. Billy. that's right!" Debby cried. "Just like you fucked
    your mother ! Unggghhh! Oh, Billy, you've got such a big, fat,
    fucking prick! Now fuck my cunt, Billy! Think about your mommy, if
    you want to! Just fuck my juicy cunt and make me cum, baby!!"


                             Chapter 39.

       Billy's naked aunt started humping very fast, her creamy
    ass-cheeks jiggling as she pumped her curly-haired pussy up and down
    on her nephew's cock. Billy fucked her madly straining to meet her
    wild rhythm, relentlessly slamming his cock in and out of her sloppy
    cunt.

       Then the horny pair were fucking in rhythmic unison, the shocks
    and springs of the car bouncing beneath them, their bellies slapping
    together as Billy's big, stiff cock plowed into Debby's sucking,
    fucking cunt-slit.

       "Uuuuuhhhh, I'm gonna cum!" Billy groaned, and his rock-hard
    young cock swelled enormously inside his aunt's pussy, growing even
    stiffer as it slammed repeatedly, in and out of Debby's tight,
    buttery cunthole.

       "Oh, shit, I can't hold it! I'm gonna cum soon, Aunt Debby!"

       "Noooo! Oh, no! Not yet, Billy!" Debby cried. "I want to suck the
    juice out of your prick! Unggghhh! Keep fucking me, lover! I'm
    cumming now! Oh, fuck! Oh, shit, I'm cuuummmiinnnggg!"

       Debby's pussy creamed all over the boy's cock, spewing hot
    cunt-oil onto the relentless, driving thickness of her nephew's
    massive fuck-shaft. Billy fucked his squirming aunt as fast as he
    could, wincing as her tight pussy contracted repeatedly around his
    prick, fighting to hold the molten load of jism in his balls.

       "Fuck me, fuck me!" Debby yelled, over and over, as the powerful
    orgasm pleasured her naked, writhing body. She humped madly astride
    her young nephew, savoring every spasming contraction of her cum.
    Debby giggled happily, grinding her wet, furry pussy-slit onto the
    root of his stone-hard prick. She gave him a loving kiss, then
    lifted her leg, making his massive fuck-rod slide out of her
    fuck-hole with a wet, popping sound.

       "Oh, Billy!" she purred. "It really is stiff now, isn't it?"

       Billy's horny aunt slid to the floor in front of the seat,
    confronting the enormous, steely length of her nephew's hard cock.
    The flesh of his young prick stretched to the bursting point, packed
    full with cum and blood. His mighty prick throbbed obscenely,
    dripping pre-cum out of his piss-hole, shining with a sticky coating
    of pussy-cream. Debby had never seen a more perfectly suckable cock
    in her life.

       "Does this feel good, Billy?" she asked teasingly, fisting his
    wet, velvety cock-head.

       "Suck it!" Billy pleaded hoarsely. "Ohhhhhhh, shit. It feels so
    fucking hard! I really need to cum bad! Please, Aunt Debby, suck my
    prick!"

       "There are still some things I have to talk to you about,
    darling," Debby purred. Lewdly she jacked her fist up and down the
    boy's enormous cock, keeping Billy on the very edge of spurting his
    adolescent load. "Honey, did you know I fucked your big brother,
    Kenny?.... Did you?"

       "Uuuuhhhhhh! I could give a shit! Make me cum!"

       "But, Billy, I think your mother is fucking Kenny, too!" Debby
    purred. "As a matter of fact, now that I know she fucked you, I'm
    sure of it. Absolutely sure of it, Billy! Your mother's practically
    a nymphomaniac! She licked my pussy for me, and now she's fucking
    both her sons!"

       "I don't care if she's fucking the whole town! Suck me off!"
    Billy pleaded, nearly babbling. "Oh, fuck, my prick's so hard! Suck
    me off, Aunt Debby!"

       "Billy, I want you to do something for me. I want you to see if
    you can catch your mother fucking Kenny. All right? And then..."
    Debby thought for a moment, squeezing the youth's prick, exciting
    herself with the idea. "... and then threaten to blackmail her,
    Billy, unless she lets you fuck her asshole at the same time. She'll
    love it, honey! I promise she will! Will you do it for me?"

       "Yes, yes, yes... anything!" Billy yelled. "Just suck my fucking
    prick!"

       The boy's fat young cock was swollen nearly purple, the veins
    standing out obscenely on its pulsing length. Debby opened her mouth
    wide and plunged her nephew's magnificent prick deep between her
    lips. She wrapped her mouth tightly around his thick fuck-shaft and
    sucked him into her mouth as hard as she could, her cheeks reddening
    and puckering sharply around his massive cock-meat.


                             Chapter 40.

       Billy clutched her head and bucked his ass, moaning and panting
    as the jizz churned in his balls. Debby wrapped her hand around the
    base of his cock and started jacking him off fast and hard, whipping
    her fist in a blur up and down his bloated fuck-stick.

       "Here it cums!" Billy sighed. "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH..."

       The salty torrent of jizz blew up from his balls, cascading onto
    the roof of the sucking aunt's mouth, squirting hotly down her
    throat. The size of his cum-load gave ample testimony to how long
    Billy had held it in his balls. It was huge... a shower of thick,
    creamy sperm that almost choked her, but Debby was expecting it and
    swallowed noisily, eagerly  gulping down the boy's considerable
    load.

       Hungrily, Aunt Debby sucked her nephew's juice-shooting prick,
    swallowing rapidly at the same time. Shamelessly, she continued to
    jack her fist up and down his huge, shooting fuck-pole, coaxing out
    every last drop of the young boy's tasty cum.

       Billy's young cock remained as hard as a rock as his aunt pulled
    her mouth off it and gazed up at him, a look of pure lust on her
    pretty young features.

       "Ooooooh, baby, you're still so nice and hard," Debby gasped,
    clutching her nephew's glistening prick with both hands. "Do you want
    to fuck me again, Billy? We have time!"

       Billy nodded enthusiastically. He needed no further encouragement
    to fuck his gorgeous aunt again. The thought of her hot, responsive
    cunt clasped tightly around his pounding prick was enough to make his
    hard young cock twitch with expectation.

       Debby turned around and spread her thighs as wide apart as she
    could in the cramped conditions, offering Billy her ass as she braced
    herself against the driver's side door.

       "Fuck me, Billy!" she groaned. "Fuck me hard! Fuck me like you
    fuck your hot, horny mother!"

        Billy scrambled forwards, positioning his hard cock between
    Debby's lewdly offered cuntlips. Then, with adolescent impatience,
    the young boy thrust into her body deeply, enjoying the fantastic
    sensations as his aunt's juicy, little fuckhole once again enveloped
    his raging hard-on. He began fucking her with long, easy strokes,
    watching intently as his rock-hard prick disappeared again and again
    into Debby's hot, clasping cunt.

        "Oh, Billy! My God, baby! I love it! Ooooohhh, god! Fuck me! Oh,
    please screw the hell out of me! Billy! Your cock is so big, so hot,
    so hard inside me! Move it faster! Faster! Oh yes! Yes, Billy! Fuck
    me, you gorgeous little bastard! Fuck me, honey!"

        Debby moaned loudly in the heat of her incestuous lust. Her young
    nephew was going to bring her off again!

        "Uuuuhhhhh, Aunt Debby! I love fucking your cunt!", moaned Billy
    as he slammed his bloated young prick deep into her clinging cunthole.
    "God! I don't believe this!"

       Debby gasped and moaned as Billy fucked her powerfully, ramming
    his long, thick, blood-engorged prick deep up into her juicy, gaping
    twat with unbelievable strength. His muscular young hips slapped
    noisily against her sweaty ass, and his cock made loud slurping
    sounds in her cunt as Billy fucked his horny aunt with a vengeance.

       "Ooooooooohhh, God! Fuck me hard! Fill me up! Fuck me, Billy!
    Harder! Faster! Fuck me! Ram my cunt! Come inside me! Yes! Come in my
    belly! Fuck me!!" Debby screamed as she tottered on the brink of
    orgasm.

       Billy wasn't too far away either. His aunt's hot, tight, sucking
    pussy was getting to him!

       "Jesus, Aunt, Debby! I'm gonna come!", he growled, pulling her
    cunt back onto his deeply stabbing cock with both hands. "Awwwwww,
    Shit! I'm fuckin' commmmmminnnngggg!  Get ready for this, baby!"

       Billy tensed as he felt his jism rising through his cum-pipe and
    blasting into his aunt's sexy, seething cunt.

       "Fuck my cunt, Billy!... Fuck my hot, horny cunt!" Debby screamed,
    writhing her ass back onto her nephew's deeply imbedded cock.

       She was beside herself with passion. Both of her big sister's cute
    sons were fantastic fucks, and Debby was NOT going to be denied!
    Even as young Billy blasted another flood of hot, creamy spunk into
    her hot, insatiable cunt, the young aunt was formulating her depraved
    plan. She'd use Billy to catch her sister "in the act" with Kenny,
    and from then on, her self-righteous big sister would HAVE to let her
    fuck them both, whenever she wanted.......


                             Chapter 42.

       Kenny sat up on the edge of the bed, looking down at his naked
    mother, his enormous cock throbbing in front of her face. Kathy
    wrapped her hand around his prick, whimpering as she felt the meaty
    stiffness of his huge prick between her fingers. Shamelessly, she
    started beating his cock-meat, pumping her fist in long, hard strokes
    up and down his prick.

       "Does it feel good, Kenny?" she panted, staring intently at her
    son's fat, bloated cock-head. Kathy moaned as she saw his piss-hole
    open up and spit out a little drop of eager pre-cum. "Look, Kenny!
    Your prick is leaking.... want Mommy to give it a good sucking now?"

       Kenny responded by clutching her head and pulling her face onto
    his prick. The horny mother opened her mouth wide, eagerly accepting
    her child's massive fuck-tool between her lips. She shut her eyes,
    thinking of nothing but the fleshy taste of his prick and his oozing
    cum.

       "Suck it, Mom! Suck it hard!", Kenny growled, forcing his mother's
    head down onto his rigid, upthrust cock.

       Kathy shut her mouth again, wrapping her lips in a tight, wet,
    ovalled circle around the throbbing stiffness of her son's huge cock.
    She sucked his erect penis extremely hard, caving in her cheeks to
    increase the suction around his enlarged prick. Her head bobbed up
    and down madly, torridly fucking the iron-like stiffness of Kenny's
    eager young sex.

       Cock-cream bubbled heavily out of the boy's cock-tip, and the
    prick-loving mother eagerly cleaned his dilated piss-hole with her
    swirling tongue. Her face reddened as she continued with the
    blow-job, the slurping, lip-smacking sounds of a cock-sucking in
    progress filling the bedroom.

       Kathy wrapped her fist around the root of Kenny's glistening cock
    and started beating his shaft hard and fast, trying to make him shoot
    a quick load of spunk into her mouth.

       "Oh, Mom!" Kenny curled his fingers in her long, blonde hair,
    jerking his hips eagerly off the bed. "You're a good cock-sucker.
    Mom! Oh, shit. work out on it! I'm so horny! Suck it hard, Mom, suck
    the cum right out of my prick!"

       Kenny's giant prick had swollen even stiffer in his mother's
    buttery mouth, and the horny mom knew that her prick-sucking efforts
    would soon be gratified. Kenny would soon spray all his hot jizz
    between her lips. She sucked his cock as hard as she could, rapidly
    puffing and puckering her cheeks around his hard-on, whipping her
    fist up and down his cock-stalk.

       Finally, she cradled his hairy young balls with her other hand,
    tenderly cupping and warming them, trying to coax the sperm out of
    his hard, young nuts.

       "Oh, Mom! Here it cums, Mom! Ahhhh!" He held her head and jerked
    his hips hard, nearly choking his prick-sucking mom as she slurped
    noisily on his gigantic prick. Then the boy's heavy load of hot,
    thick semen spewed up from his balls. His cum gushed onto the roof
    of Kathy's mouth, then spurted again and again across her tongue.

       "Ummmmpppffhhhh!" Kathy burbled, whimpering around Kenny's
    juice-shooting cock. Contentedly, she sucked and swallowed at the
    same time jacking feverishly on Kenny's erupting prick until she'd
    lapped up the last drop of cum from the boy's jerking cock-meat.

        Kathy slid her lips off her son's prick, delighted that his
    virile young cock remained as hard as iron. Kenny twisted around to
    sprawl flat on his back, knowing exactly what his cock-loving mother
    wanted. Kathy's big tits quivered seductively as she crawled onto
    the bed and mounted him, planting her knees on the sheets to either
    side of her son's lean young hips. With a moan, the horny mother
    lowered her hips, impaling her horny, insatiable snatch down onto
    the boy's long, hard erection.

      "Uuuuuuhhhh! God, that feel's good!... Now, fuck my cunt, Kenny!"
    Kathy squealed. She held his shoulders, her large, stiff-nippled
    tits jiggling provocatively above the boy's face. "You know that's
    what Mommy wants, baby! Fuck your mother, Kenny! Fuck Mommy's cunt!"


                             Chapter 41.

       After fucking Billy dry, Debby drove the young boy home,
    reminding him of his promise to catch his mother in a compromising
    situation with Kenny.   Billy was only to happy to oblige.....

       Later that night, it didn't take the horny youngster long to get
    his mother interested. After dinner, Kathy came to his room and
    locked the door. She was so hot for his cock, Billy soon had his
    mother naked and his hard, young prick crammed up her tight, buttery
    asshole.......

      "Fuck my ass, Billy!" Kathy moaned. "Harder, Billy, harder!
    Uuuuuuhh, I want your juice up my asshole, baby! Ohhhhh God, yessss!
    Ass-fuck your horny mother!"

       Kathy was sprawled flat on her belly on her son's bed, her
    enormous tits pressed against the sheets, her flushed ass heaving as
    Billy drilled his hard, young prick in and out of her stretched,
    sucking shit-channel.

       Billy humped madly into his mother's ass, pounding his cock into
    her itchy asshole as fast as he could. Kathy's rubbery, well-lubed
    asshole sucked wetly around her youngest child's pounding prick.

       "Fuck my asshole! Fuck Mommy's hot asshole!" she moaned. "Oooooh,
    fuck, Billy, Mommy's cumming now! Fuck my asshole faster! Faster,
    Billy, as fast as you can! Uuuugghhh! Uuunggghh! Fuck me! I'm
    cuuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       Kathy's asshole exploded, contracting uncontrollably around the
    long, hard thickness of her son's hammering prick.

       Billy shuddered as he sank on top of his horny mom, sliding his
    young cock to the hilt up her hot, slippery shit-hole. Thick, milky
    cum welled up from his balls, making his young prick buck and jerk as
    it squirted blast after blast of hot creamy sperm deep up into his
    mother's tight clinging bowels. Smiling with satisfaction, the horny
    mom flexed her ass-muscles around his prick, draining every drop of
    spunk out of her son's balls.

      "Okay, baby, that's enough!" she whispered gently. "Time to go to
    bed, Billy.... We'll do some more fucking tomorrow."

       Billy slid his wet, throbbing prick out of his mother's asshole
    and flopped onto his back beside her. Kathy gave him a last, loving,
    tongue-sucking kiss. Then she rose from the bed, her enormous tits
    jiggling provocatively as she shut off the light and left his bedroom,
    silently closing the door behind her.

       But Kathy wasn't going to her own room. Instead, the horny mom
    tip-toed naked up the stairs, her mouth already watering as she
    thought of Kenny's cock. For the past several days, it had become a
    delicious habit to give both her boys all the fucking they
    required... Kathy loved every bit of it. All she thought about now
    was sex, about sucking and fucking her boys' huge pricks.

       The light shone under Kenny's door. Kathy paused, her naked flesh
    glistening wetly with sweat from the incredible fucking she'd just
    enjoyed, the lurid mixture of prick-juice and Vaseline still
    squishing deep inside her stretched, just-fucked asshole. Kathy
    turned the doorknob and stepped into Kenny's bedroom, shutting the
    door carefully behind her.

       "Did Billy enjoy himself?" Kenny asked, grinning as his mother
    entered.

        He was waiting up for her, sprawled naked on his bed, his huge
    cock quivering stiffly over his stomach. Kathy had already told him
    that she and Billy were fucking, though, as far as she knew, Billy
    knew nothing about her and Kenny at all.

       "Ohhh, yeahh, he enjoyed himself alright!" Kathy whispered.

       Her gorgeous, incredibly voluptuous body seemed to jiggle all over
    as she crossed the room and knelt beside her eldest son's bed.

       "Sit up, honey! Mommy wants to suck you off!"

       "Man, that's what you always want to do!" Kenny said. "You're just
    about the hottest prick-sucker I ever met, Mom! Except maybe for Aunt
    Debby."


                             Chapter 43.

       Kathy ground her cunt down onto the boy's cock, shuddering as she
    felt his fat prick-head probing her cunt. Her pussy-hole stretched
    wide, deliciously accommodating the massive thickness of her older
    son's prick. The naked mom's huge tits jiggled and slapped obscenely
    together as she humped and wiggled her ass on top of him, sliding
    her tight, slippery snatch down over the cunt-stuffing length of her
    child's prick.

        She had every inch of Kenny's cock embedded deep inside her
    pussy. Kathy gasped with pleasure, grinding her cunt down to the
    very root of his virile young fuck-pole. She humped in a delirium of
    incestuous lust, moaning and panting as she pounded her tight, hairy
    pussy up and down the full length of her son's massive prick.

       "Fuck your mother, Kenny, fuck Mommy's pussy!" Kathy cried.
    "Uunh... uuuuunh... uhhhhhhh! It feels so good, baby! Jesus, I love
    your huge fuckin' prick! Uhhhhhhh! Ram it up my belly, Kenny! Oh,
    fuck! Oh, shit! God! Fuck it into my pussy as hard as you can!!!!!"

       Kathy's cunt was very hot and wet, her furry pussy-slit slurping
    obscenely every time it filled with her son's huge cock. Kenny slid
    his hands down over her hips to clutch her humping ass. Wildly, he
    heaved up off the bed, drilling his rock-hard fuck-pole in and out
    of his mother's gooey cunt.

       Kenny fucked his mom as fast as he could, pounding his prick deep
    inside her cunt. Kathy humped wildly to meet his thrusts, grimacing
    as she drew closer and closer to an intensely pleasurable cum.

       "Fuck me, Kenny!" she cried at last. "Unggghh! Oh, Jesus, Kenny,
    I'm making it right now! Fuck me, lover, fuck your mother!
    Ahhhghhhh, baby, Mommy loves your cock! Ohhhhhhhhh, fuck! I'm
    cumming, Kenny!  Mommy's cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       Kathy's pussy contracted uncontrollably, sucking and spewing
    juice onto Kenny's driving prick. Kenny kept fucking his mother as
    fast as he could, guiding her through the delicious peak of her
    orgasm. Finally, Kathy settled down on top of him, his long, hard
    prick still embedded in her pussy, crushing her tits to his chest as
    she gave him a long, lewd, tongue-sucking kiss.

       "Ummmmmm, Jesus, Kenny!" she mewled. "You fuck me so wonderfully!
    You make you mother feel so good!"

       "Well, you're about to feel even better!" a voice said behind
    her.

       Kathy gasped and twisted her neck so fast that she nearly
    sprained it. Billy was grinning happily at the spectacle before him
    on the bed. Kathy's eyes went straight to his cock. Billy was naked,
    and his huge prick looked like a battering ram, more than stiff
    enough for another fuck and another cum.

       "B... Billy!" Kathy stammered. "W... what're you... oh, no!"

       "So, you're fucking Kenny, too, Mom!" Billy said, his grin
    stretching from ear to ear as he walked up to the bed. "Shit, I
    thought you were saving all the pussy for me. It sort of makes me
    mad!"

       Kathy glanced quickly down at Kenny, but realized immediately
    that her older son wasn't going to be any help. He was grinning up
    at her too, his young cock still completely stiff in her pussy,
    obviously unruffled by Billy's sudden entrance.

       "B....Billy, I'll . . . I'll talk to you tomorrow." Kathy
    stammered. "Please go now!"

       "I don't want to go, Mom. I want to fuck your asshole again,
    while Kenny fucks your hot cunt!"

       "Billy, no! I... We... This... this is too confusing!" Kathy
    mumbled. "Please go!"

       "I'll tell Aunt Debby, Mom! If you don't let me fuck your
    asshole. Come on, my prick's so fucking stiff! I really want to
    shove it up your ass, Mom!"

                             Chapter 44.

       "Come on, Billy, go ahead and ram it up her ass!" Kenny said
    suddenly. Grinning broadly, he grabbed their mother's blushing
    ass-cheeks and spread them wide, exposing the Vaseline-glistening
    ring of her shit-spincter. "We both know Mom wants it!... You know
    it too, Mom!... So go ahead and ass-fuck her, Billy!... Mom just
    loves it up the ass!"

       "No!" Kathy moaned. "No, boys..."

       But they both knew she didn't mean it, and by now Kathy knew it,
    too. Billy climbed on the bed, sharing a knowing grin with Kenny,
    who continued to hold their mom's ass-cheeks open for his younger
    brother.

       Billy mounted his mother, aiming his swollen cock-head at the
    invitingly puckered asshole he'd only finished reaming a few minutes
    before.

       "Oh, my babies!" Kathy moaned. "Oh, I don't know what to think
    any more!... Yes, Billy, fuck my asshole! I do want it! I want you
    BOTH to fuck me! Ohhhhhh, shit, do what you want! Fuck me till I
    can't even walk!"

       Billy started pushing his enormous cock up his mom's hot, buttery
    asshole, stretching her puckered shitter to the bursting point
    around the bowel-clogging thickness of his young prick. Kathy felt
    every inch of her younger son's cock boring into her anus, filling
    her itchy, rubbery shithole with the gratifying thickness of his
    cock.

       Her asshole was already well-stretched and lubricated, so it was
    easy for Billy to get his cock all the way into his mother's tender
    shitter. He lay flat on her flushed ass for several seconds,
    enjoying the intense pleasure of being buried to the balls in his
    mother's tight ass. Then, anxious for relief, Billy started
    humping... driving his cum-laden cock in and out between his mom's
    quivering ass-cheeks.

       "Come on, Kenny! Fuck her pussy!" he groaned. "Let's really give
    Mom a good fucking. Move your ass!... Fuck her cunt!"

       Kathy's older son swiftly started humping again, slamming his
    massive prick in and out of his mother's hairy pussy. Billy thrust
    to meet his brother's rhythm, pounding his equally huge cock into
    the tender grip of his mother's bowels. The two horny brothers
    fucked their mom in unison, making the bed springs squeak obscenely
    as they drilled her pussy and asshole with their enormous, driving
    cocks.

       "Ooooooooooh! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck meeeeeeee!" Kathy pleaded.

       The pleasure coursing through her sweaty, naked body was the most
    intense she'd ever felt in her life. Her pussy and asshole were
    pulsating at the same time, both stuffed with teenage cock-meat, he
    boy's two rock-hard cocks separated only by the thin membrane
    between her twin fuck-tunnels.

       Kathy squirmed her naked ass deliriously, trying to get both of
    their giant cocks all the way inside her at the same time. Her
    asshole contracted wetly around Billy's cock, her hairy pussy
    creaming heavily on Kenny's prick. The horny mother bucked as hard
    as she could, desperately thrusting her pussy and asshole onto their
    dueling pricks.

       "Fuck Mommy's pussy, Kenny! Unggghhh! Oh, Billy, keep fucking my
    asshole! Harder, both of you! Oh, shit, you've both got such big
    cocks! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck my ass off! I'm cumming now! Ahhh,
    fuuuuuuuuccck, I'm cuuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       Kathy's body seemed to explode, erupting into the most intense,
    violent cum of her life. The horny mom nearly blacked out with the
    pleasure pounding through her body.... pleasure that made both her
    pussy and asshole suck lewdly at her sons' hot, fucking pricks. Both
    Billy and Kenny kept on wildly fucking their helpless mom, guiding
    her through an intensely, powerful orgasm that seemed to last
    forever.

       "Mind if I join in?" asked a soft, horny voice behind them.


                             Chapter 45.

       Kathy gaped dazedly at her kid sister, watching the petite, sexy
    brunette stride confidently up to the bed. Debby was naked, having
    apparently stripped off all her clothes in the hall. Kathy stared at
    her sister's stiff nipples and realized instantly that Debby was
    just as horny as she was.

       "W....what are you doing here?" Kathy mumbled. "How did you..."

       "Billy called me!" Debby said. "Just a few minutes ago,
    Kathy..... I told him that he could catch you fucking Kenny, if he
    really tried. As soon as he called, I got over here as fast as I
    could. Because it is about time we turned this into a family
    foursome, Kathy! It's just not fair for you to keep all this long,
    hard cock for yourself!"

       Kathy was too shocked to speak.

       Giggling at her older sister's confusion, the naked aunt walked
    up and slapped Billy on the ass.

       "Come on, Billy, take it out of Mommy's asshole! You too, Kenny.
    I think I want to do a little pussy-licking before I get doubled
    fucked, too!"

       Billy reluctantly withdrew his cock from his mother's tight
    shitter, his Vaseline-slickened prick popping luridly out of her
    stretched asshole. Kenny gently slid his huge prick out of Kathy's
    pussy. Kathy found herself sprawled flat on her back on the bed, her
    son's standing and watching as Debby joined her on the bed.

       "Spread your legs. Kathy!" Debby purred. "Like a good girl."

       "But..."

       "I said spread your legs!"

       Debby grasped Kathy's ankles and roughly spread them wide apart,
    exposing her big-titted sister's gooey, curly-haired cunt. Kathy
    whimpered as Debby crawled between her legs. With a moan of lust,
    Debby plastered her open mouth over Kathy's wet, furry fuck-slit,
    hungrily sucking the tasty juice out of her big sister's cunt.

       "Oooooooh! Ohhh, fuuuuuck!" Kathy cried. She looked up at her
    sons, dazedly realizing that they were both slowly stroking their
    cocks as they watched. "Uhuuuuuuuhhh, Debby! Yes, lick me, Debby!
    Lick my hot cunt!"

       Debby held up Kathy's legs, draping her sister's thighs over her
    shoulders. Avidly, the petite brunette licked and sucked her big
    sister's snatch, lapping the cunt-cream from the depths of Kathy's
    creaming pussy-slit. Debby started licking directly on Kathy's clit.

       Kathy moaned loudly and began to squirm her naked ass all over
    the bed, immediately drawing closer to another powerful climax. She
    clutched Debby's head and started humping her sister's mouth, her
    enormous tits quivering as she fucked her tight, compact little ass
    up off the bed.

       "Yesssssss! Suck my clit!" she demanded. "Uuuuuungghh! Ohhhhh,
    fuck, Debby, I'm so close! Suck my clit, damn you! Make me cum! Make
    me cum!"

       Debby wrapped her lips around Kathy's erect clit-bud, sucking it
    hard. She jammed two fingers up Kathy's gooey pussy and feverishly
    jacked off the naked blonde, banging her knuckles on the puffy outer
    lips of Kathy's recently cock-fucked cunt.

       "I'm cumming!" Kathy moaned. She squealed aloud, holding Debby's head
    tightly, whipping her ass-cheeks wildly off the bed. "Suck my pussy!
    Suck my horny, fucking pussy! Uuuuuuunnnngghh! Fuck, I love your
    tongue, Debby! Oh, fuck! Oh, please, keep sucking me! Ummmmmmm! I'm
    cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

       Kathy's pussy spasmed, nearly as hard as it had spasmed around
    Kenny's cock only minutes before. Kathy could do nothing but hold
    Debby's head and keep on humping her ass in a frenzy of lust,
    fucking her pussy all over her kid sister's face. Debby kept her
    mouth glued to Kathy's clit, sucking steadily, guiding her
    huge-titted big sister through the full force of her powerful
    orgasm.

                             Chapter 46.

       When Debby finally took her tongue away, Kathy was so exhausted
    that she could only slide, satisfied and grateful, off the bed to
    the floor. Hungrily, the naked aunt stared at the two enormous
    pricks throbbing in front of her face, thinking how incredibly good
    they would feel ramming into her body at the same time.

       "Get on the bed, Kenny!" Debby demanded. "Flat on your back, just
    like you were with your mom!"

        Kenny obliged, grinning at his aunt as he sprawled on the
    center of the bed, his enormous, juice-soaked cock quivering and
    twitching over his stomach. Debby couldn't resist lowering her head
    for a moment, to give Kenny's meaty fuck-pole a long, torrid suck.
    Then she popped his cock out of her mouth and swiftly mounted her
    older nephew, planting her knees on the bed to either side of his
    hips.

        "Now fuck me, Kenny!", she gasped.

        Debby grasped the teenager's erect cock and held it as she
    dropped her ass, shuddering as she fitted the big, flared cockhead
    between the pouting, curly-haired lips of her cunt.

       "Uuunnnnggghh! What a big, fat, fucking prick you have! Ram it
    up my pussy, Kenny! Fuck my cunt, fuck it good and hard!"

       Debby leaned forward, her tits jiggling as she clutched Kenny's
    shoulders for support. She started humping and bucking in a frenzy
    of lust, groaning and panting as she slammed her wet, clinging pussy
    against the root of her nephew's huge cock.

       "Unggh... unh... unh, Jesus! Jeeeesssuss! Kenny! It's so fucking
    big!" she cried. "Fuck me, Baby! Fuck the piss out of me! Oh, yes,
    my pussy loves your big, fat mother-fuckin' prick!"

       Kenny slid his hands down Debby's waist, clutching her round,
    little ass. Wildly, he thrust his hips up off the bed, ramming his
    blood-swollen fuck-pole in and out of his aunt's tight, juicy cunt.

       Debby humped wildly to meet his strokes, pounding her pussy
    against base of his prick. As lust flowed through her, she knew it
    was time to feel Billy's prick plowing up her ass.

       "Stop for a second, Kenny...."

       Kenny stopped fucking his cute aunt, knowing what she wanted.
    Debby lay flat on top of him, his enormous cock still buried to the
    balls in her furry pussy. Kenny grasped her ass-cheeks, spreading
    them as wide as he could, exposing her pink, puckered shit-ring to
    his younger brother.

       "Time to do some more asshole fucking, Billy!" Debby squealed.
    "Come on, Billy, get on top of me! I want your big cock again! Right
    up my tight, horny little shit-hole, baby!"

       Billy climbed back onto the bed, knowing that the Vaseline
    shining on his enormous cock was enough to help him stuff his huge
    prick up his aunt's tender asshole. Swiftly he mounted her, aiming
    his puffy, spongy cock-head at her throbbing shit-sphincter. Debby
    moaned with intense satisfaction as she felt her young nephew's
    massive fuck-pole invading her bowels.

       "Fuck my asshole, Billy!" Debby said, grinding her wet pussy
    against the root of Kenny's cock. "Uuuuunggghh, fuck, yesssss! It
    feels so huge inside me! All the way up my asshole. Billy! Oh, fuck,
    what big pricks!!!"

       Billy hunched eagerly into his aunt's blushing ass, stabbing his
    rock-hard prick deeper and deeper into her narrow, rubbery
    shit-tunnel. Debby shuddered and humped to meet his thrusts, trying
    to make her tender asshole slide easily over his cock.

       Finally, Billy's cock was all the way inside her, buried to the
    balls in the sucking heat of her tight little ass. Billy lay
    motionless, savoring the spasming tightness of his aunt's itchy wet
    asshole. Then he started fucking her, nailing his stone-hard
    cock-shaft rhythmically in and out of her bowels.

       "Fuck me," Debby cried, overwhelmed by the combined size of her
    nephew's huge cocks. "Both of you! Fuck me hard!"


                             Chapter 47.

       Kenny started bucking beneath her, drilling his stiff cock into
    his aunt's juicy pussy. Billy increased the speed of his fucking to
    meet his brother's rhythm, pounding his eager young cock into his
    aunt's welcoming shitter. Then both of the young studs fucked her
    fast and hard, ramming their pricks into her pussy and asshole,
    bringing her closer and closer to orgasm.

       "I'm cummmmmmmminnnngggg!" Debby cried at last. "Uuuuuuuuuuhhh,
    keep fucking me, both of you! Fuck my cunt, Kenny!.... Oooooh,
    Billy, oh, please, keep fucking my asshole! You're so big, so hot,
    so hard! Uhhhhhh, it feels so good! I'm cumming now! Fuck my pussy!
    Fuck my asshole! Ahhhh, yes, yeessss, YESSSSSSS! I'M
    CUMMMMMMMMINGGGGG!"

       Her body seemed to explode, her twin fuck-holes contracting and
    spasming around the boys' fucking pricks. Kenny was the first to
    unload. He heaved violently up off the bed, burying his cock deeply
    into his aunt's cumming pussy. Hot cock-juice spewed up from his
    balls, flooding Debby's cunt with cum.

       "I'm cumming, too!" Billy moaned. "Oh, fuck!"

        Billy slammed into his aunt's open asshole, ramming his
    rock-hard prick deep into her shitter. His sticky load of spunk
    spewed out of his balls, making his massive cock twitch and throb as
    it sprayed hot gobs of jism deep up into her ass. Eagerly, Debby
    flexed her pussy and asshole muscles, helping the boys shoot out
    all of their cum. Billy pulled out of her asshole, his prick finally
    softening. Debby rolled off of Kenny's body and slid to the floor.
    Suddenly, Kathy was all over her.

       Kathy had been finger-fucking the whole time, feverishly rubbing
    her swollen clit as she'd watched her two horny sons fucking her kid
    sister on the bed. Now, she had an overwhelming urge to lick Kenny's
    cum out of Debby's juice-filled cunt. Kathy glued her mouth to her
    little sister's pussy and shamelessly started licking and sucking,
    knowing that she would make Debby cum again, before helping herself
    to her sons' two huge cocks.

       This family would never be the same again. With two, horny  young
    studs like Bobby and Kenny around to fuck them, and their own mutual
    pussy-licking  tendencies,  Kathy  knew that she and her sexy little
    sister would never have to worry about going to  sleep  unsatisfied,
    ever again!

                               THE END.





MOTHTCH.TXT
                            A MOTHER'S TOUCH
                               (by Eros)

       It's fascinating how extraordinary circumstances can spawn totally
    unexpected acts and deeds. In this case, a serious car crash thrust
    my sixteen-year-old son, Marty, and I into a situation that brought
    us together in a way neither of us could ever have imagined. He'd
    been out driving around with a couple of older boys, one of whom just
    got his licence, when the driver lost control and rolled it. Luckily
    nobody was hurt, but they all ended up in hospital for a couple of
    weeks with various broken bones and abrasions.

       Marty came out with both his arms in casts, which left him
    completely dependent on me. I was so thrilled at having him alive, I
    didn't mind doing everything for him. As a matter of fact, I actually
    enjoyed most of it, especially when I helped him take a shower. It
    wasn't until I'd done it several times that what I'd suspected became
    a reality. Every time I washed my son's cock and balls, he started
    getting aroused! The first time it happened, I quickly moved to
    another area of his body and chatted about things to distract him...
    and me!

       But then one day my little ploy didn't work, and the minute I
    started lathering his crotch, his dick got hard fast! Marty's got a
    big cock for his age, so there was no ignoring the situation.

       "Sorry, Mom!", he said with an embarrassed little grin.

       "Don't worry, darling," I said, continuing to wash between his
    skinny young legs. "It's only natural. Besides I've seen plenty of
    hard cocks before."

       "You have?"

       Clearly this only excited Marty more, because his cock seemed to
    throb powerfully in my hand.

       "Sure, It's no big deal," I said, trying to act as calmly as
    possible. But feeling my son's virile young cock hardening under my
    fingers was doing things to my pussy that it shouldn't have.

       I couldn't believe I was so turned on by my own son! His young
    prick was at full erection now and looked every bit as large as his
    father's had been. I couldn't help myself, I had to touch it without
    the washcloth in the way. I dropped the soap and wrapped my fingers
    around Marty's stiff cock. It was incredibly hard, and smooth to the
    touch and my pussy began to dribble into my panties as I looked up
    into my son's wide eyes.

       "Do you play with yourself when it gets hard like that, Marty?",
    I asked, almost clinically, but the heat between my legs betrayed my
    own rising excitement.

       "S.. sometimes," he answered.

       "Do you want Mommy to help you out with it now, baby", I asked, my
    voice almost a whisper.

       "Ohhhh, yeahhh!!"

       I gripped his gorgeous young prick and began to slowly move my
    fist up and down the hard, slippery length of my son's cock.

       "Ummmmmmmmmmm!" he moaned contentedly, closing his eyes as I
    started jerking him off. "That feels so good, Mom!"

       "I just want you to be comfortable, honey," I stammered, feeling
    the heat from his cock travel up my arm and down into my incredibly
    wet pussy. The crotch of my panties was soaked.

       "Keep doing what you're doing, Mom," he sighed. "I haven't been
    able to do this for myself since the accident."

       "Do you do it often, baby?" I breathed, running my other hand up
    and down his lean young thighs.

       "Yeah, Mom, twice a day," gasped Marty through clenched teeth.
    "sometimes more if I'm feeling really horny."

       I knew how horny young sixteen-year-olds could get, so I had no
    trouble imagining Marty jerking himself off all over the house. It
    made my overheated cunt twitch and drool with arousal. Talking so
    wantonly with my own son like this as I jacked off his cock was the
    most exciting thing I'd ever done.

       "What do you think of when you're doing it, honey?", I asked,
    wanting him to excite me with his fantasies.

       "I think of... girls and... women... with no clothes on..." he
    replied hesitantly, "and....."

       "And what, baby?"

       "... and... you, Mom!" he gasped, staring directly between my
    carelessly parted thighs. I did incredible things to my pussy to know
    that my son was staring hungrily at my sopping crotch.

       "Ohhh, Marty!", I gasped.

       Leaning down, I kissed him on the lips, not like a mother kissing
    her son, but like a woman kissing her lover. Surprisingly, Marty
    knew exactly what to do. He parted his soft, young lips and let my
    tongue enter his hot, panting mouth, slithering his own tongue past
    mine and into my mouth. My little boy had done this before, and he
    was good! I moaned with pleasure as Marty reached up and began to
    fondle my tits through my blouse.

       "Take it off, Mom", he panted, pulling his mouth off mine. "Take
    off your top, I wanna see your tits!"

       As if in a daze, I did as he requested. I was a bit concerned
    about where all this foreplay was leading, but I knew I didn't want
    it to stop either.

       "Uhhhh, yes!" I muttered "I want you to seen my tits, baby!"

       I took off my blouse and unhooked my bra, letting my breasts
    spring free. Marty moaned softly as I reached up with my free hand
    and began to squeeze them one at a time. I'm very proud of my tits.
    They're not too big and still almost as firm as a they were when I
    was a teenager. Marty's eyes went big and round, his tongue darting
    out to wet his lips as he watched me fondle my breasts. I continued
    to rub his slippery wet cock as he stared at my naked tits.

       The steamy bathroom somehow made what we were doing seem a little
    less real. I didn't care that I was engaged in sexual foreplay with
    my sixteen-year-old son... I just wanted it to continue, and damn the
    consequences! Up and down, up and down, I moved my fist over Marty's
    throbbing prick, each stroke bringing him closer to release. I loved
    the look on his face and the occasional groans of pleasure as my hand
    gave him the satisfaction his own could not.

       The tingle of excitement between my thighs had grown rapidly into
    a raging itch that needed to be attended to. I reached underneath my
    skirt and started rubbing my cunt-mound through my soaked panties,
    watching Marty's eyes gleam as he followed my hand.

       "Oh, Mom!", he gasped, when he realized what I was doing.

       I had the sudden depraved impulse to let my son watch me rub my
    naked cunt. Letting go of his cock for a second, I quickly undid my
    skirt and removed my panties. Marty's eyes were flashing from my
    tits to my cunt and back again as I finally stood before him
    completely naked.

       "God, Mom, you're gorgeous!", he muttered, "I wish I could touch
    you."

       "But you can, my darling," I smiled, reaching for his stiffly
    twitching young cock. "You can touch me in the best possible way!"

       I moved up close to my son until our naked bodies were almost
    touching. His breathing became heavy and laboured as grabbed his
    erection and inserted it between my thighs. Marty was a couple of
    inches shorter than me and I had to bend my knees a little so that
    his gorgeous young cock would line up with my pussy. I felt the head
    nudge my mound and slide deliciously up along my incredibly wet
    cunt-slit before popping neatly into my neglected fuckhole.

       Marty's mouth opened wide and he let out a low, throaty moan as I
    hunched forward, burying his man-sized prick deep into my aching
    cunt.

       "Unnnnghhhh! Mom!.. Fuck! Ohhhhh, Jesus!"

       "Feel good, sweetheart?", I whispered, contracting my cunt-muscles
    around his cock for effect.

       "Shit, Mom! It feels fantastic!" replied Marty, panting for
    breath. "You're so hot and wet and... and tight!"

       "Don't sound so surprised," I smiled, "I haven't had something
    this big up my cunt since your father left a year ago."

       "Really?', he grinned.

       "You bet!", I said grinding myself against him sensuously, "You're
    hung like a stud pony, honey and Mommy wants to ride you!"

       "Go for it, Mom", gasped Marty, "Fuck my cock!"

       With a whimper of pleasure, I began moving my hips back and forth,
    pinning my son's ass against the tiled wall as his wonderfully hard
    prick slid in and out of my highly aroused cunt. I was beside myself
    with lust! Marty's cock felt sooo good inside me, even better than I
    remembered his father's cock had felt during the years of our
    marriage. That is, before he left me for some blonde secretary half
    his age. Well now I had a young lover too... my own handsome son!

       Marty was bravely thrusting his skinny young hips back at me as
    we fucked awkwardly, the suddenly cool water from the shower spraying
    over our heated bodies. I wished his hands were free so he could
    grab my ass and pump his rock-hard young prick in and out of my cunt
    like I knew he wanted to.

       "Ohhhhhh, Maaaarty!", I gasped as his balls began to slap loudly
    against against the flesh between my thighs.

        We kissed passionately, our tongues twisting and plunging with
    the same frantic tempo as our hips. Within a minute or two, Marty
    began to moan and heave his hips against me violently, and I knew he
    about to come. I was nowhere near my own orgasm, but it didn't matter
    just then. We had plenty of time and I knew at his age, it wouldn't
    take much to get him hard again. Right now, all I wanted was to feel
    my son's hot, creamy cum shoot up into my cunt. It was his first time
    cumming in a woman, and I was so glad it was me. I was in seventh
    heaven! How many mothers are lucky enough to take their son's
    virginity?

       Marty stiffened and humped his hips, instinctively burying his
    throbbing prick as far as he could into my hungry snatch. I grabbed
    his tight, clenched little asscheeks and hunched forward, grinding
    against him as he climaxed powerfully.

       "UNNNNNNGHHHHHH! FUUUUUUCK!", he yelled, opening his eyes wide as
    the intense pleasure crashed through his young loins. "GODDDD! I'MMMM
    DOING IT! I'M CUMMING IN YOUR CUNT, MOM! AHHHHHHHHHHGGHHHH!"

       "Yes! Oh, fuck, yessss!", I hissed as I felt the first powerful
    squirts of incestuous semen enter my flooded pussy. "Fuck me, baby!
    Cum in Mommy's cunt! Cum! Cum! CUM!!"

       Marty's climax seemed to go on forever, as jet after jet of hot,
    thick boy-cum surged into my cock-filled cunt. I felt it filling me
    up and by the time he had finished his orgasm it was running down my
    legs. Marty slumped against me, his legs shaking with post-climactic
    bliss. His cock was still inside me, but had lost most of its former
    hardness. I squeezed my cunt-muscles around him and hugged him close
    as he came down from what must have been a very intense orgasm.

       "Ohhhh, Mom!", he gasped, when he finally caught his breath. "That
    was fantastic! I never knew it could be so good to fu.. to you
    know... to do it with a girl... er...woman."

       I smiled at his sudden coyness.

       "After what we just did, honey, I think you can say `fuck' in
    front of your mother, don't you?", I grinned.

       "I guess so, Mom", said Marty flashing me one of his cute,
    dimpled smiles. "Did you... um.. did you come too?"

       "No, baby," I admitted, "But we've got all night to remedy that
    situation."

       "You mean I can fuck you again?", smiled Marty. He looked like
    all his birthdays had come at once. I guess in a way, they had!

       "Sure! You can fuck me anytime you want, stud!"", I grinned,
    grinding my pussy lewdly against my son's limp cock.

       "Alriiiight!!" he said with boyish enthusiasm.

       I washed us both slowly, concentrating on our genitals. As I
    hoped, Marty was hard again in no time. My aching pussy was drooling
    at the very thought of having my son's long hard cock in my pussy
    again, but I wanted it to be in more comfortable surroundings this
    time. Before Marty became too excited, I suggested I dry off us both
    off and adjourn to my bedroom. He eagerly agreed and followed me down
    the hall like an eager young puppy-dog panting after a bitch in heat.

       In the bedroom, I got Marty to lie down on his back while I
    straddled him. My pussy was leaking so bad by this time it left a
    slick trail as I slithered up his chest to position my cunt right in
    front of his mouth. Marty stared up at me with look of pure lust in
    his young eyes.

       "You want me to lick it for you, don't you, Mom", he murmured,
    glancing hungrily down at my wetly-gaping cuntslit.

       "Mmmmmm! I sure do, darling!", I replied. "Do you think you can?"

       "You bet, Mom!" said Marty enthusiastically, "Move up a bit so I
    can reach you with my tongue."

       With a low moan of expectant lust, I shuffled forwards and pressed
    my cunt against my son's mouth. Immediately, Marty opened his mouth
    and shot his tongue into my gooey fuckhole. I shuddered and arched my
    back, grinding my pussy onto his gorgeous face.

       I got the feeling that my young son had done this before, the way
    he lapped up and down my slit and flicked my clit with his tongue.
    But, right now, I didn't care if he'd sucked every girl in school, as
    long as he kept doing what he was doing. His talented young tongue
    was sending me into orbit!

       "Unnnnhhhh, yeahhh! Suck mommy's cunt, baby! Lick me and fuck me
    with your hot little tongue." I moaned.

       Marty did as he was instructed, slurping and sucking like crazy
    as I hunched my drooling twat against his open mouth. He had me
    cumming in no time. All it took was for him to latch his lips around
    my clit and start sucking hard. I came like a rocket, grinding my
    pussy over my son's mouth and lips in a frenzy of hot, incestuous
    lust. He licked up my cunt-juice like a starving man as I fell
    forward on the bed, my messy crotch still plastered over his
    glistening young face. As my orgasm faded, I scooted my pussy down
    over his chest until I felt his cock-shaft press into the crease of
    my ass.

       "Oh, my goodness, Marty..." I grinned, reaching round to grab his
    erection. "You're as hard as a rock!"

       "I sure am, Mom! Sucking you off has got me hotter than hell!"

       "I can see that, baby!", I said, "Let Mommy take care of it for
    you."

       I raised my ass and positioned his cock in my freshly-sucked
    cuntslit. Without any preliminaries I dropped my hips, moaning aloud
    as my son's huge pole impaled me deliciously. Marty groaned and
    lifted his hips, forcing his prick deeper up inside my pussy.

       "Uuuuhhhhh, Mom! That's fantastic!", he panted, "You feel so much
    tighter this way!"

       I started rotating my ass in response to the urgent up-and-down
    movements of Marty's muscular young hips. His cock felt like a steel
    bar inside me and every time I sank down over him it filled me
    completely. Marty was right, in this position his prick felt so much
    longer and thicker than when we had fucked standing up in the shower.
    I began to bounce up and down on him, lost in the ecstasy of riding
    my son's magnificent young cock.

       "I wish I could squeeze your tit's and ass, Mom!" Marty groaned.

       I wished he could too. It would have been such a turn on for me if
    he could have reached up and fondled my jiggling tits. I pictured him
    pulling me down onto his bucking prick by my breasts. God, that would
    feel good! I leaned forward a bit so that my tits dangled over his
    face. Marty took the hint and began sucking and licking my erect
    nipples as I fucked him, nibbling and biting on them until I felt
    another wonderful orgasm begin to build in my loins.

       "Ummmffff, baby! Yes! Fuck me!", I grunted, "Fuck me hard! I'm
    gonna cum soon, lover! Fuck Mommy REAL hard!"

       "Yeah! Cum for me, Mom", gasped Marty, pounding his hips up at me
    as hard as he could. "Cum on my big fat mother-fuckin' prick!"

       His cock-shaft was stimulating my clit into a powerful orgasm,
    pushing me closer and closer with every thrust. Then suddenly, my
    climax was upon me. Wave after wave of intense pleasure welled up
    from my quivering pussy, raced along my spine and washed over my
    lust-clouded brain. The erotic sensations were so powerful I lost
    consciousness for a few moments and when I came to, Marty was still
    pumping his cock up into my cunt like crazy. He hadn't come yet, but
    he was very close. I concentrated on making my son climax, tightening
    my pelvic muscles and grinding my cunt down over his pistoning cock
    in perfect rhythm with his increasingly-aggressive hip thrusts.

       Soon, Marty was moaning loudly and slamming his cock up into me
    like crazy. I knew he was about to cum so I leaned forward and kissed
    him passionately.

       "Come in my cunt, lover!", I said, breathing hotly into his ear.
    "Fill Momma's pussy with your hot fucking cum! Ohhh, baby, I'm so
    hot! Fuck me forever, Marty!!

       Hearing my husky voice telling him what I wanted him to do to me
    must have been the all the catalyst that Marty needed. Instantly, he
    arched his back and rammed his twitching, jerking cock into my cunt
    as far as he could, emptying a load of hot sticky sperm deep up
    inside my heaving belly.

       "AHHHHHHHHHHHGGGHHHH! FUUUUUUCK! JESUS, MOM! I'M CUMMING! OH,
    SHIT! I'M CUMMMMMMMMMING RIGHT UP YOUR HAIRY FUCKIN' CUNT! UHHHHHHH!"

       Marty's young prick seemed to double in size as he came and I
    humped him frantically, trying to orgasm with my trembling son. His
    cock was hitting the right spot and his hot, creamy jism shooting
    deep into my pussy soon had me climaxing again also. It wasn't as
    intense as the first, but wonderfully satisfying all the same.

       We lay there in a tangled heap for several minutes, catching our
    breaths and letting our bodies recover from the exhausting effort.
    Then I rolled off him and lay by his side, holding him close...
    hugging his sweaty, naked body to mine. Marty did his best to hug me
    back and kissed me hungrily on the lips.

       "Can we do this every night, Mom?" he asked with a mischievous
    little grin.

       "Sure, baby, if you feel you can manage to get this thing up that
    often, " I replied, giving his limp glistening cock a meaningful
    squeeze.

       "I'm sure I can, Mom," chuckled Marty, "I'm sure I can."

       And he was right........

                                   The End.




                         Daddy's Little Office Slut
                                (by Eros)

       "Mr. Simpson, your daughter's here to see you.", announced Dave's
    secretary as she showed young Julie into her father's plush top-floor
    office.

       "Hi, honey! My, you do look pretty this morning," said Dave with a
    broad smile.

       He spoke in a fatherly voice for the benefit of his secretary, but
    the way his eyes travelled up and down over Julie's gorgeous young
    body was far from fatherly. The tight blouse she wore accentuated the
    youngster's tiny titties, and her form-hugging skirt was so short, it
    barely concealed the bottom of her tight little ass. Little wonder
    Dave couldn't keep his hands off his sexy young daughter... no
    red-blooded heterosexual male in his right mind could have!

       "Darlene, hold all my calls please.", said Dave glancing at his
    pretty secretary, "I want to spend some quality time with my
    little girl."

       "Okay, Mr. Simpson.", said Darlene, giving him a strange
    look.

       Darlene had seen the way her boss looked at his daughter, and
    somehow it troubled her. There was more to this than met the eye,
    thought Darlene as she turned and left the room, closing the door
    behind her. As soon as she'd gone, Julie locked it carefully before
    turning towards her father.

       "She's quite cute, isn't she? Have you fucked her yet, Daddy?", she
    asked, sauntering slowly around beside his desk. Dave leaned back in
    his chair and smiled at her, unshaken by his daughter's blunt personal
    question.

       "No... Not yet, baby.", he chuckled, "But I've often thought about
    it."

       Julie moved closer until her leg touched his thigh. She looked
    down at the bulge forming rapidly in her father's pants and slowly
    lifted her skirt to her waist.

       "You don't need her, Daddy. Not when you can have this!",
    whispered Julie, thrusting her moist, panty-covered crotch towards her
    father.

       Dave could only stare.... transfixed by her youthful beauty.

       Growing impatient, Julie grabbed her father's hand.

       "Feel me Daddy!... Feel how hot I am for you!", she husked,
    shoving his hand between her smooth young thighs.

       With a moan, the girl pressed her father's big, sweaty palm tightly
    against her eager young snatch. Dave gasped at the contact, feeling
    the wetness of his daughter's hot little cunt through the sheer
    fabric of her panties.

       "Oh, shit!", breathed Dave.

       "No, Daddy!", Julie giggled, and dropped her small hand to his
    zipper. "That's not shit!.... That's pussy.... that's hot, juicy
    cunt.... and it's all yours!" Julie opened her father's bulging pants
    and pulled out his long, thick cock.

       "Jesus, baby! You can't wait, can you?", marvelled Dave, as his
    eager young daughter jerked her fist up and down on his prick.

       Julie moved between her father's thighs until she could rub the
    tip of his cock along the deep groove of her rapidly moistening
    panties.

       "No, I can't, Daddy!...", she groaned, "I can't wait for you to
    stick your big ol' cock into my little pussy and fuck me till I cum
    all over you!"

       Dave had never seen his daughter in such a state of arousal before.

       "What brought all this on, honey?", muttered Dave, slipping his
    other hand up under the rear of his daughter's skirt to squeeze and
    fondle her firm young butt.

       "Dave played with my pussy in the elevator on the way up.
    Daddy!", admitted Julie, "and it got me all worked up!"

       "So!", growled Dave, in mock anger, "Your horny brother feels you
    up, and you come crawling to me for hot cock, huh?.... Is that it?"

       Julie looked at her father with utter surprise. Dave was loving it!

       "Stand over there girl, and take off all your clothes," he
    barked,"and make it fucking snappy!"

       Julie did as she was told, not sure whether her father was serious
    or not. Dave on the other hand was having a ball. He watched his
    lovely daughter remove her blouse and skirt. As he had guessed, she
    wasn't wearing a bra, and his cock twitched involuntarily as Julie's
    gorgeous little tits sprang into view. She stood there shivering, clad
    only in her tight, clinging panties. Dave stood up and took off all
    his clothes, folding them neatly before sitting back in his chair

       "Come over here and bend over my knee!", he said sharply.

       Julie did as she was told, intimidated by her father's sudden
    apparent mood change. She lay across his lap, with her tits pressed
    into his thigh and her cute little ass up in the air.

       "What are you gonna do, Daddy?", whimpered the frightened girl.
    Dave suppressed a groan as his erect cock brushed against her
    quivering belly, leaving a wet trail of pre-cum excitement.

       "I'm gonna give you what you deserve, sweetheart. You've been a
    naughty little girl and naughty girls need to be punished!", smiled
    Dave, rubbing his hand slowly over his daughter's firm, little behind.

       Raising his hand, Dave brought it down on Julie's firm, upthrust
    buttocks with a resounding smack.

       "Owwww!", she screamed indignantly, "That hurts, Daddy!"

       Dave rubbed his hand over her reddening flesh, pushing aside the
    girl's panties with a deliberate flick of his wrist.

       "Spread your legs, honey... or I'll give you another one!",
    demanded Dave.

       As her legs parted, the swollen mound of his daughter's moist
    little cunt appeared, framed beautifully by her creamy ass cheeks.

       "Mmmmmm! Nice, baby! Real nice!", moaned Dave, cupping her
    squirming butt.

       "Oooooh! For God's sake, touch me Daddy!", whimpered Julie, "I
    can't stand it anymore!"

       "Yeah? Well, I'm sorry baby, but you've been a very naughty little
    girl!", her father replied, "And unless you tell me what you're gonna
    do about it, I'm just gonna have to beat your cute, sexy little ass
    until you do!"

       "No, don't!", cried the young girl, "I'll do anything! Just don't
    hit me again, Daddy!" The way her tits and pussy were wriggling
    against his naked thighs was driving Dave crazy.

       "What are you gonna do for Daddy, baby?", asked Dave, caressing her
    ass.

       "I'll suck your cock, Daddy!", she gasped.

       "Hmmmm, not bad for starters.... what else?"

       "Oooooh, Daddy! I'll let you suck my cunt, and my ass and then you
    can fuck me, okay?", whimpered the horny young girl.

       "Oh, baby! That's what I wanted to hear!", groaned Dave, slipping a
    finger deep into his daughter's melty little fuckhole.

       "OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!", Julie moaned as her father diddled her
    gooey cunt-slit. Her little pussy was sizzling.

       "You like that, don't you, baby?", asked Dave, screwing his finger
    deeper into her hot, clinging little fuck-slot.

       "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, yes Daddy! It feels so niiiiiice!"

       The pressure on his pistoning digit was fantastic, her snug,
    adolescent cunthole felt like a tight, velvet vice around his finger,
    and Dave could hardly wait to feel the same maddening grip around his
    eagerly throbbing prick.... but first things first.

       Dave lifted his daughter up onto the edge of his desk and spread
    her slender young legs wide. Julie's sparsely-haired little cuntlips
    opened like a flower revealing the dewey pink cuntflesh within. It was
    such a delicious sight that Dave actually licked his lips as he stared
    of a second at her tight, juicy little fuckhole. Then, with a moan of
    pure lust, he pushed his face right into his daughter's lewdly open
    crotch and began licking and slurping at her sweet little slot. Julie
    arched her back and thrust her hips forwards as her father ran his
    stiff tongue up and down her drooling slit. She was obviously enjoying
    her father's mouth on her hot little cunt very much indeed.

       "Mmmmmmm! Oh, yeahhh, Daddy! Lick me!" she moaned, looking down at
    her father's mouth and lips on her tender pussy. "I love it when you
    do that!"

    Dave held her thighs wide open with his hands, using his thumbs to
    part her pussylips as he slithered his tongue as far up inside her
    tasty young cunthole as he could. Her adolescent cuntjuice was
    delicious and there was plenty of it as Julie rapidly approached her
    first orgasm. Like her mother, she always came quickly with Dave's
    talented mouth and tongue working on her cunt. He lapped and licked at
    her drooling slit, then he sucked her pussylips completely into his
    mouth and nibbled the sensitive little bud of her clit, quickly
    bringing the squirming young girl to the edge of an intense orgasm.

    "Oooooooooooh, yessssssssssssss" she hissed. "You're making me cum
    Daddy! Your making me cummmmmmmmmmmmmm!!"

    The wet sounds of licking and slurping echoed loudly within the big
    office as Dave tongue-fucked his lovely young daughter. Julie put her
    hands on the back of her father's head and thrust her cunt out at his
    face, squirming her tight little ass around madly on the smooth
    surface of the deck.

   "Suck me, Daddy! Suck me!" she bawled. "Uuuuuuuunnnghhhhh! Fuck!"

    Dave sucked his daughter's sweet young pussy like it was honey,
    lapping and slurping wildly. Julie undulated her hips, forcing her
    gaping young twat almost brutally into her father's face. She was
    extremely close to a wonderful, wonderful orgasm.

    "Ohhhh! Yesss! Yesss! Oooohhhhh, Dadddddddyyyy!" she moaned, hotly
    grinding her juice-filled little slit into her father's sucking mouth.

    Dave sucked her clit more vigorously as he felt his daughter's climax
    peak and Julie's high-pitched little cries of lust stopped for several
    long seconds as the intense pleasure of orgasm literally took her
    breath away. Her back was arched and her head was flung back, her
    whole body shuddered with the spasms of hot ecstasy which shot up and
    down her tingling spine.

    As Julie came down from her incredible high, she noticed her father
    was not crouched between her wantonly spread thighs anymore. He was
    standing in front of her holding his massively thick cock in his fist,
    jerking the shaft slowly as he stared at her body hungrily. Her thighs
    were widely parted and her cuntslit still gaped open invitingly,
    dripping pussy-juice onto the shiny surface of his desk.

    "Oooooooh, Daddy!", smiled Julie dreamily, "You sure have an big fat
    boner there! What are you gonna do with it?"

    Dave just smiled and nodded towards her juicy wet pussy.

    "I'm gonna put it where it fits, baby!", he grinned.

    "Uuuuuuooooh, Daddy! You naughty man!", giggled Julie, pretending to
    be scared. "Are you gonna fuck me? But you're too big! You'll hurt my
    poor little pussy with that monster!"

    "Don't worry, honey," said Dave, stepping up between her thighs.
    "It'll fit alright. It'll fit so well you might not want me to take it
    out!"

    "Mmmmmmm! I hope so, Daddy!", murmured Julie as her father sank his
    cock slowly into her eager little slit.

    Dave held her by the hips and hunched forwards, pulling his daughter
    bodily onto his cock at the same time. Her juice-slickened young ass
    slid along the glassy desk-top stopping only when Dave's cock was
    buried in her tight hot little cunthole to the hilt. She leaned back
    and lifted her ass up, grinding her clit onto the base of his pulsing
    prick. She always felt full when her father fucked her, but today for
    some reason, his cock felt incredibly huge.

    Perhaps it was the added excitement of fucking his own daughter in the
    office with his secretary right outside that aroused him so much,
    thought Julie. But then, when he started to pump his huge shaft in and
    out of her tight, clinging hole, Julie didn't care. All she wanted was
    to fuck and fuck and fuck her wonderful Daddy until she was exhausted.
    He sometimes made her cum five or six times when they had sex and
    today Julie was exceptionally horny... maybe they could break a few
    records.

    Dave fucked his pretty little daughter aggressively, knowing how she
    liked a good hard reaming first up. Plenty of time later after she'd
    sucked him to erection again for a nice, slow, loving father/daughter
    screw to finish up with. His cock slammed into her snug little slot
    with incredible force, making her little tits jiggle saucily and her
    tiny ass slide back and forth on the juice-slick desk-top. If Dave
    hadn't held onto his daughter's hips tightly each time he fucked into
    her cunt, little Julie would surely have shot right across the desk
    and ended up on her ass on the floor.

    "Oh, God! Fuck! Uhhhh, shit!" she squealed shamelessly, looking down
    at the long, stiff, glistening stalk of her father's cock stabbing
    into her bulging, hairless little pussy. "Yessss! Fuck me!.... Fuck me,
    Daddy! Fuck my cunt! Unnnnnnnnnnghhhhhhh, Daaaaaaaaaaaaaadddddddyy!!"

    Dave could feel his swollen cockhead slamming against his daughter's
    cervix, the tip penetrating that tight little inner hole more and more
    on every thrust as Julie's slippery young cunt gripped her father's
    pulsing prick with incredible force. Her hot little ass was bouncing
    on the desktop and she was squealing loudly, but Dave kept fucking
    her, kept picking up the speed of his slamming strokes, each thrust
    jerking her bodily, making tiny little tits jiggle and her
    tightly-packed cunt squelch and suck up around his pounding prick

    His sexy little daughter was almost beside herself with lust, hunching
    her tiny twat hard up against him as Dave kept fucking his big, fat
    cock deep up inside her. With a great deal of effort, he held back
    from cumming, trying to last as long as he could in order to sustain
    the deliciously tight grip of his daughter's hot, snug little cunt around his
    powerfully fucking cock. But Julie was rapidly approaching her own
    orgasm.

    She was gasping and trembling, and Dave could feel the waves of
    pleasure rippling through her little body. Her mouth was open and her
    tiny jiggling tits shook with each thrust, looking for all the world
    like twin cones of stiff, flesh-colored jello, topped with hard little
    cherries.

    "Ohhhhhh, shit, yeah!" Julie moaned, her hands going out to grapple
    his asscheeks and to squeeze them, "Fuck me hard, Daddy! I love it
    when you fuck me really hard!"

    And that was exactly what Dave was doing. He fucked the squirming
    little girl in a fury, his prick throbbing and hardening even as he
    was driving his cock into her cunt... swelling inside the horny little
    girl until it felt like she was being screwed by a horse!

    "Uuuhhhhnnngggggg!! Fuck me, Daddy! Fuck me with your big, fat
    cock!", she begged. "Oooooo, I'm so cloooooose!"

    "Christ, baby! You get hotter every time I fuck you!", grunted Dave,
    struggling hold his daughter's squirming little butt on the desk so he
    could fuck his prick into her. "Shit, you're tight!"

    Julie's tiny young cunt was so tight, his cock hurt. It was a
    wonderful warm tightness he never felt when he was fucking his wife,
    and Dave looked forward to these private fuck-sessions with his sexy
    little daughter. Lately, Dave hadn't been lucky enough to score a fuck
    from any of the young teenaged girls in the typing pool, and it made
    his manhood swell and throb just to think that it was his own sexy
    little daughter he was fucking, and she couldn't get enough of it!!

    Holding onto Julie's smooth round buttocks, Dave continued to ram his
    prick into his little daughter's upthrust cunt. Julie had her legs
    wrapped around her father's waist and her arms flung around his neck
    as his massive cock slammed down into her young twat to a depth the
    girl had never known before, causing her to gasp and moan with
    pleasure.

    "Ooooohh, Daddy!.. God! Yes, just like that! Fuck me hard! Ohhh, yes,
    deeper!", squealed Julie.

    Dave increased his tempo, fucking the whimpering little girl just like
    she'd asked... long and hard... all the time staring down between
    their legs at his incredibly thick organ slamming deeply into her
    squirming, cock-filled little cunt. He was stretching her tight young
    twat to the limit. On each stroke, the little teenager's taut pink
    pussylips clung to her father's cockshaft like a small, sucking mouth.
    The lewd sight had a tremendously exciting effect on Dave and despite
    being very close to orgasm himself, he began to fuck his cock into his
    daughter with deeper, harder thrusts.

    Julie looked up at her father, adolescent lust burning brightly in her
    baby-blue eyes as she jerked her slim young hips up to meet his
    pile-driving cock-thrusts. Her father's huge prick was giving her hot
    little cunt so much pleasure, Julie felt like she was going to faint
    from sheer ecstasy.

    "Ohhhh, Daddy! Fuck me hard! Uhh! Uhh! I'm gonna cum any second!",
    squealed Julie. "Goddd!... Fuck meeee!... I love it!...
    Unnhnhnnnnhhhhh!"

    Dave grabbed his whimpering daughter by the thighs and lifted her hot
    little ass up off the desk, driving his plunging cock deep into her
    squirming cunt as she came.

    "Ooooooh, God! I'm cumming, Daddy! It feels so good!...Yes! Yes!
    Yesssss!"

    Dave wanted deeper penetration. Knowing he was about to bring his
    horny little daughter off a second time, triggered his ejaculation, and
    he wanted her to really feel it when he came inside her tight little
    cunt. He put his palms under her trembling thighs and lifted her ass
    up off the desk, spreading her legs wide at the same time.

    "Uhhhg! Jesus!... I'm coming too, baby!", yelled Dave, shuddering and
    hunching his cock deep up inside his squealing little daughter.
    "Uuuuuuuuuhh God, right up your cunt!... Cumming up your tight,
    sweet, little cunt, you gorgeous little fuck!!!!...Arrrggghhh!"

    Julie's eyes fluttered wildly as her father's cock jerked inside her,
    filling her quivering twat to the brim with load after load of hot,
    scalding cum.

    "Uuuuhh yesssss, give it to me Daddy!... Come in my cunt!!!" Julie
    screeched, her little pussy convulsing around his throbbing prick.
    "Cum, Daddy! Cummm!"

    As they climaxed together, Dave continued to drive his spurting cock
    into the girl's frothy little hole, never letting up for an instant
    as he fucked his squirming daughter with all the strength he could
    muster. Julie thrashed her ass about, writhing and squealing in
    frenzied abandon, her titties so firm and tight that there was almost
    no movement in them at all.

    As her father repeatedly rammed his prick into her to the hilt, Julie
    felt a familiar sensation begin to spread rapidly from deep inside her
    juice-filled cunt. Her blue eyes opened and closed and her blonde
    hair flew as a second powerful orgasm wracked her tiny body.

    "Oh God! Oh God!...Ooooh, I'm cumming again, Daddy! Uuhhhh, I love
    your cock..... love your big hard cock, Daddy!... Fuck me and come in my
    cunt... Ahhhh!.. and I'll suck you off... and you can lick my pussy
    and...ohhhh, I don't ever wanna stop cumming!"

    Dave felt Julie's hot little cunt tighten around his prick as his
    horny young daughter climaxed on his cock for the second time within
    minutes. Her tiny budding tits were flattened against his hairy chest
    and she moaned loudly into his neck as she came, bucking her ass up to
    meet his every thrust, trying to get his cock in better contact with
    her throbbing little clit.

    "Dadddddddy!! Uhhhhhggghhh! I'm... ohhhh, fuck.... I want you to make
    me cum forever!", she wailed, "Yesss, yesss!... Fuck me with your
    wonderful big prick!.... Oh fuck, yessss!"

    Dave's cock was still hard. For the first time in many years, he was
    actually able to stay hard enough to continue fucking after he'd
    ejaculated. Of course Julie's tight, hot, clasping cunt massaging his
    prick, and the fact that he was fucking his own sexy little daughter
    made all the difference. Without missing a beat, Dave began to move
    his semi-hard cock inside Julie's tight little fuckhole.

    "Oooooooohhhh, Daddy! You're still hard!", giggled Julie.

    "All the better to fuck you with, little girl!", grinned Dave,
    thrusting his rapidly-swelling prick up inside his daughter's gooey
    young twat with renewed vigour.

    Julie's legs and lower body were suspended in mid air, and her
    wide-stretched cunthole clung desperately to his long, hard cock as
    Dave began thrusting deeply into the moaning girl. Each time he
    hunched forward, Dave pulled Julie's pussy onto his ramming cock with
    equal force. The new angle of penetration was so tight that after only
    five or six powerful jabs, Dave climaxed violently.

    "Uuunnghngh! Get ready, Baby! Here it comes! Arhhgggh! Here it
    fuckin' comes!"

    Julie was ready alright!  The horny little girl shook with wild
    incestuous passion as she felt her big, handsome Daddy coming inside
    her. Dave gave his daughter's cunt one last powerful thrust, fucking
    her to the hilt as his deeply embedded prick began to spurt hot jism,
    way up inside her quivering little belly for the second time in
    minutes!

    "Ohhh! Jesus.... give it to me... come in me again, Daddy! Fill me up
    with your sperm!.... I wanna have your baby!!! Ooooh, fuck
    yesssssssssss!"

    As they both came down from their respective orgasms, the intercom
    beside Julie's ear, burst into life.

    "Ummmm, Mr. Simpson? Do you want me to to stick around an lock up?
    It's past five o'clock."

    Dave kept his cock deeply buried inside his daughter's panting body,
    enjoying the contractions of her hot little cunt around his cock as
    her climax faded. He reached over and punched the "SEND" button on the
    intercom.

    "Ahh.. no, Darlene.... you can go home now," said Dave, trying not to
    sound out of breath. "I've got a few more things to discuss with
    Julie before we're finished. See you tomorrow, okay?"

    "Okay, Mr. Simpson, bye..... bye Julie!", replied Darlene cheerfully.
    Almost TOO cheerfully thought Dave.

    Julie was still panting, trying to grind her father's wilting cock
    onto her clit as the last sparks of orgasm faded completely from her
    well-fucked little cunt.

    "Say goodbye to her!", Dave whispered quickly.

    Julie turned her head and spoke into the intercom, careful to sound
    calm and unruffled.

    "Bye, Darlene!", she said chirpily. "See you next time!"

    "Bye Julie!"

    The intercom went dead, and Dave punched the OFF button.

    Smiling down at his naked little daughter, Dave kissed her on the nose
    and gently removed his limp cock from her tight young slit. Julie
    moaned, a little disappointed that the sex with her hunky father had
    to end so soon. Dave stood up and began to pull on his clothes, all
    the time watching his sexy little daughter.

    "You know... I think your mother is going to aerobics for a couple of
    hours tonight, honey," he smiled. "You wanna see how many times you
    can cum before she get's home?"

    "Ohhh, yess, Daddy!! Can we?", giggled Julie, throwing her arms
    around her father's neck and rubbing her hot, naked little body
    against his.

    "We sure can, baby" grinned Dave, slipping a finger up into his
    daughter's gooey little cuntslit. "I could fuck you all night!"

    "Ummmmmmmmmm, I sure hope so, Daddy!"

    As they left the building, smiling... hand in hand, nobody would have
    suspected that the cheerful couple were anything more than daughter
    and loving father. But there was something in the way that the man's
    hands lingered on the little girl's tight young ass... and the way
    that she kissed him.... letting her hot little tongue dart into his
    mouth as they paused in front of the car.... before getting in and
    driving off home, to an incestuous rendezvous.

                          Just the beginning!




                           BABYSITTING RACHEL
                               (by Eros!)

       When I was fourteen, I started getting interested in my older
    sister, Kimmy, who was sixteen. She used to do a hula dance for me,
    and pull her top up and show me her tits. Kimmy was a true
    nymphomaniac. As I found out later, it didn't matter how young or how
    old the guy was, if he had a functioning penis, Kimmy was interested.
    And she was built too! Round, firm tits like little peaches and long
    slender legs that always seemed to be exposed to the crotch, no
    matter what she wore.

       One night, she was babysitting for the people next door, and she
    invited me over to play some games or something.

       I got there, and she was watching TV with Rachel, who was twelve,
    and Cassy, who was ten.

       "OK you guys," she said. "Whatever happens here today, we keep it
    to ourselves. All right?"

       We all agreed.

       Kimmy picked up Cassy, pulled her panties off, and held her up for
    me to look at her tiny, pink pussy. Then, she put Cassy down, and
    said, "Rachel, why don't you and Steve go up to your room and pretend
    he's a doctor, and you'll be his patient. And be sure to everything
    the doctor tells you."

       So, Rachel went upstairs first, to get ready. When I got to her
    room, she was under the covers pretending to be asleep.

       "Well," I said. "I hate to wake this lovely lady, so I guess I'll
    just examine her, and try not to wake her up."

       I pulled down the covers, and she was stark naked! I reached out
    and started touching her soft skin. Her titties were just starting,
    so laying there on her back they didn't even show, but her nipples
    were like little pencil erasers.

       As I continued caressing that naked little girl, I grew more bold.
    I started running my hands further down her body to her hairless
    little cunt.

       When my hand touched her cunt, Rachel said,"Doctor, would you get
    in the bed with me so I can tell you what's wrong?" I started to
    comply, but she stopped me saying,"No, your clothes might be full of
    germs. You'd better take them off."

       I couldn't believe it! I had had fantasies of doing it with a cute
    young girl like Rachel, but I couldn't believe this was actually
    happening. I got out of my clothes, and got in under the covers with
    her.

       Rachel said she wanted to touch my cock, and reached down and
    started stroking it.

       "Ohhh, yeah! Do it, baby! Ooww! Not so hard! Oooooooh, just like
    that, yeah." I couldn't believe how good it felt. It never felt this
    good when I did it.

       A short time later, I shot a wad of cum all over myself and on
    Rachel's hand. She kept right on stroking right through my orgasm,
    and I kept right on cumming! I came so hard, I started moaning real
    loud, and Kimmy came up to see what was wrong.

       "What are you doing under there?" she asked. Then she started
    trying to pull down the covers.

       "Hey! You're my sister! We aren't supposed to see each other
    naked."

       "Well, I guess I'd better stop doing the hula for you." she
    replied.

       I stopped to think about that for a moment. She was right. I had
    seen her naked, so it was only fair that she see me naked.

       I said OK, and she pulled down the covers. "Look what a mess you
    two made! You're both going to need a bath by the look of it!", she
    giggled, staring at my sticky cock. "I'll run a hot bath for you."

       She filled the tub, and I got in and sat down in the steaming hot
    water.

       "Kimmy, would you go downstairs for a while?" It was a little
    embarrassing in front of her. Then, after she left, I asked the girls
    to get in with me. I slid forward, to the middle of the tub, and they
    got in on either side of me.

       "Would you two give me a bath?" I asked. They answered by picking
    up the soap and lathering me from my neck to the water line.

       Then I stood up, facing little Cassy, who started right away,
    washing my cock. She seemed fascinated by it, and wanted to stroke
    every damn inch of it.

       Then I felt Rachel's finger between my buttocks, and pressing into
    my asshole. The little kid was actually fucking my ass with her
    finger!

       I turned to look around the room, and saw Kimmy there, with her
    hand inside her panties, jerking herself off!

       "Cassy, honey," said Kimmy, "rinse the soap off Steve's prick for
    a minute. Now suck it in your sweet little mouth. Pretend it's a
    popsicle."

       As if it was the most natural thing in the world, ten-year-old
    Cassy knelt in front of me and wrapped her hot little mouth around my
    erect cock. She was sucking me off right there in the bath, in front
    of my sister.

       Her little blonde head bobbed up and down the length of my cock as
    I began to fuck her pretty face. I was so excited, I came down little
    Cassy's tight, sucking throat within seconds, spraying her tonsils
    with a bucket-load of hot adolescent sperm.

       When I looked back at Kimmy, she was naked and sitting on the
    toilet with her legs spread wide, and her fingers pumping in and out
    of her fur-lined slit.

       As soon as little Cassy let go of my cock, Kimmy stood up and
    rubbed up against me. My cock began to rise again instantly as my
    sister pulled my hand to her drooling cunt. I inserted two fingers
    inside Kimmy's hot, hairy hole and frigged her gently.

       "Wanna fuck them?", she whispered into my ear.

       "S... sure!", I moaned, feeling my sister's hands on my naked ass.

       "What about me?", she breathed, nibbling my lower lip. I almost
    creamed on the spot! "Wanna fuck your big sister too, stud?"

        I grabbed Kimmy's ass and shoved another finger up her cunt for
    emphasis and said, "What do you think, Sis?"

        "I think I want some of this!", murmured Kimmy jerking hard on my
    throbbing erection. "But first I want to watch you fuck Cassy and
    Rachel."

        "Are you sure, Kimmy?" I asked, looking down at the two naked
    little youngsters. "Sucking my cock off is one thing, but aren't they
    both kinda small to be getting fucked?"

        "What do you think?", grinned Kimmy nodding towards the two naked
    little girls.

       Rachel smiled up at me. She was fingering her little sister's tiny
    cunt with one hand while the other one worked two tiny fingers deep
    into her own hairless pussy.

        "I guess not", I smiled pulling my fingers out of my sister's
    sucking snatch. "Okay, I'm game! Let's do it!"

       Kimmy suggested that we all go into Rachel's room, so we could
    fuck and suck in comfort.

       Kimmy said Rachel should be first, since it was her bed.

       Rachel lay down on her back, and Kimmy told me to get down between
    her legs and lick her little cunt to get it nice and juicy for my
    cock.

       I didn't need to be asked twice. Rachel giggled as I got on my
    knees next to the bed and spread her creamy young thighs wide apart.
    Her plump, hairless little cunt opened like a ripe peach. I
    finger-fucked her tight little hole for a bit before lifting Rachel's
    legs over my shoulders and then scooted her butt down towards the
    edge of the bed.  I buried my face between her legs, licking in
    circles around her moist little fuckhole darting my tongue in and
    out. At first she seemed a little shy, but after I gave her tiny
    little clit a couple of long hard sucks she was soon holding her legs
    wide open and rotating her tight little ass in appreciation.

       Out of the corner of my eye I could see Kimmy and Cassy rubbing
    each other's cunts as they watched. We were all breathing heavily,
    especially Rachel who couldn't keep her tiny ass still on the bed as
    I licked her sweet little twelve-year-old cunny.

       I found out later that this wasn't the first time Rachel had
    experienced oral sex. She had been letting some of the older boys at
    school into her pants since she was ten. As I licked and sucked her
    tasty little slit, Rachel moaned and humped and ground her sweet
    little twat up against my mouth, forcing her clit to rub against my
    nose as I tongue-fucked her tiny hole. The aching of my cock reminded
    me that it was time to go a little further with the hot little kid.

       Once her cunt was good and wet, I got up, and started rubbing the
    head of my cock up and down along her tiny cuntslit. Then I started
    pushing into her tight, hairless, twelve-year-old pussy.

       I heard the other little girl moaning beside us, and looked over
    to find Kimmy licking sweet young Cassy's cunt. I had never thought
    of Cassy as being sexy before, but now, seeing her with Kimmy's
    tongue buried in her twat, she was one of the sexiest girls alive.
    Right then I swear my cock grew another inch just from that sight,
    and I pushed forward until it was half-way inside Rachel's tight,
    twelve-year-old twat. Her hairless little cuntlips bulged out
    obscenely around my shaft but she seems only interested in getting me
    to shove more of my cock up inside her.

       "Fuck me, Steve!" she moaned, wrapping her skinny legs around my
    waist. "Fuck my cunt as hard as you want! I can take it!"

       I wasn't sure she could. Despite her slippery girly-juice, my cock
    felt like it was inside a hot, velvet vice. Her little cunt-muscles
    were twitching and rippling around my cock.  And then she started
    rolling her ass on it and humping up at me like a grown woman. I lost
    my reluctance to take command of the situation and responded with
    slow, steady strokes that soon had my cock buried three-quarters of
    the way inside the little girl.  I could feel the head of my cock
    press against the very back of her cunt.

       I had hardly been fucking her for more than a minute before Rachel
    began to buck and squeal under me, grinding her hairless, bulging
    little mound up against the pumping thickness of my prick as she
    orgasmed loudly.

       After Rachel came, it was little Cassy's turn and I wasted no time
    at all in spreading her skinny young legs and pressing my raging cock
    into her tiny gaping slit. Her little cunny was even tighter than I
    could have believed was possible. But, despite her age, I had no
    trouble getting my cock inside her, lubricated as it was with
    Rachel's slippery cunt-juices. As soon as I slid my prick into the
    hot little kid, Cassy's tight pubescent cunt grabbed my cock like a
    milking machine and she made a loud whimpering sound.

       "Am I hurting you, Cass?", I asked her.

       "No, I'm okay", said Cassy. "Push harder, Steve! I want you to
    fuck me like you fucked Rachel!"

       With that, I lunged a little harder, pushing Cassy's tiny little
    ass deep into the bed as I drove into her. Cassy gave a little
    squeal, followed instantly by loud moans of pleasure as my cock sank
    into her hot, clinging little cunt to the balls. I couldn't believe
    it! I was actually fucking a ten-year-old!

       Cassy gasped then sighed as my cock began sliding in and out of
    her. It felt so good be fucking her tight, hairless young twat. With
    one hand, Kimmy reached out and squeezed Cassy's tiny little tits as
    I fucked her, fondling her ass and belly, her other hand worked
    frantically between her own legs, rubbing her pussy in a frenzy of
    lust. Watching me fuck the horny little ten-year-old seemed to be the
    wildest turn-on Kimmy had ever witnessed. Beside her, young Rachel
    was rubbing her juicy-wet little cuntslit too.

       I returned my attention to the small squirming body beneath me,
    fucking her slowly at first, trying to restrain himself in Cassy's
    beautiful, little-girl cunt. She was like a little china doll I was
    afraid of breaking. Her naked heaving body glistened with sweat, and
    with her ass high, she offered her cunt up to me. I was straining not
    to shoot too soon. I wanted this to last... for her as well as for
    me.

       Kimmy was beside herself with lust, shoving three fingers inside
    her frothy cunt. "Ram that cock up her cunt and fuck her!" she
    gurgled. "Make her cum all over that beautiful cock of yours. She
    wants you to fuck her good and hard, don't you honey?" Cassy nodded,
    gazing up at me with the most pitiful, pleading little-girl look I
    had ever seen.

       "Ooooh, yes, Steve! Fuck me, please fuck me!" she begged.

       "Okay, baby, you asked for it. Hang on!", I grunted.

       I pumped faster, my cock throbbing and straining. It felt like my
    prick was a steel ramrod, plunging in and out between Cassy's soft
    hairless little pussylips.

       Her cunthole was extremely tight yet well lubricated. It made
    squishing, slippery noises, and the way she moved her cute, sexy
    little ass almost had me coming on the spot.

       "Ohh yes! God, I love fucking!!" moaned the horny little kid.
    "Fill me with cock, Stevey! Uhhhnnnnggghh, fuck me! Fuck me, hard!"

       I couldn't believe she was saying such things. Then again, I still
    couldn't believe I was actually fucking the gorgeous little
    ten-year-old! It was almost like a dream. The horny young kid was
    writhing around beneath me like a whore, begging me to fuck her, and
    her moans of pleasure told me that despite her age, little Cassy was
    loving every second of it!

       I fucked her like a madman, only vaguely aware of Kimmy and
    Rachel's presence. Beside me, Kimmy was moaning obscenities and
    finger-fucking her hot, juicy cunt like crazy as she watched, her
    eyes glazed over with lust.

       "Yes! Harder! Fuck the little slut harder! Really ram it to her!",
    she chanted.

       Beneath me, Cassy was moaning too, but her moans were largely
    unintelligible. She was riding a wave of pleasure so intense that she
    wished it would never stop. She hunched her cunt up at me like crazy,
    trying to get more of my cock into her.

       I must have fucked her tiny pussy for a full ten minutes before
    she finally came, bucking and screaming on the shaft of my cock like
    her little sister had done earlier. Luckily I hadn't come myself,
    because Kimmy scrambled up beside us and grabbed my sticky pole as
    soon as I pulled it out of Cassy's well-fucked little slot.

       "Now my sweet little brother, it's my turn to have this gorgeous
    cock of yours up my cunt. I've wanted you for so long. I wanted to
    suck your cock the first time I saw it, when you were only eleven or
    twelve. God how I dreamed about playing with your little hard-on!"
    Kimmy was really turning me on with all this talk about wanting my
    cock. I had lusted after my big sister too, ever since I began to
    realize that girls had other uses besides being objects of ridicule.
    Especially lately now that Kimmy had started flashing her tits and
    cunt at me on a regular basis. All my dreams were about to come true.

       She got up in front of me on her hands and knees, and told me to
    kneel behind her. Then she reached back between her legs and guided
    my cock into her fur-lined cunt.

       "Oooh, my fucking GOD!!!! That's incredible! Yeah, baby! Fuck
    Kimmy, sweetheart! Fuck me hard. Fuck me fast and hard!"

       Then I took charge enough to tell the girls to get under her and
    start sucking her tits. Kimmy really went wild over that idea.

       "Yeah! Oh, my two lovely girls! Suck Auntie Kimmy's boobs,
    babies."

       Kimmy began rocking he hips back and forth, fucking herself onto
    my cock like a bitch in heat as Rachel and Cassy sucked on her tits
    and fingered each other's gooey little cunts. Several times I had to
    grip my sister's hips tightly to keep from shooting my load too
    early.

        Kimmy began to moan loudly and I knew she was going to cum any
    second, a huge orgasm was welling up deep inside her. Each warm slap
    of my sister's firm little ass on my belly brought us both a step
    closer to climax. We were both near our peaks, and I desperately
    wanted to come with her since this was our first fuck.

       "Fuck me Steve! Fuck me baby!" she groaned. "Oh! Cassy! Oh Rachel!
    Suck my tits! I LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOU ALL!" she screamed.

       Kimmy shook in orgasm, moaning and jerking her hot little ass
    around. I crammed as much of my cock into her cunt as I could,
    feeling my own climax approaching rapidly. Each shudder of my
    sister's quivering, naked body sent me closer to the edge.

       It seemed to last forever as she climaxed, our bodies shuddering
    with wave after wave of spasming pleasure. Kimmy's cunt contracted
    and gripped my cock hard as she came. Her pussy was flowing and I
    could feel her crotch was slick with juices. Kimmy had finished her
    climax by the time I screamed out in orgasm and prepared to fill my
    sister's firey cunt with cock-cream.

       Just when I was about to come, Kimmy turned around, pulled my cock
    out of her cunt and told the girls to get down to my crotch and get
    ready for a real treat. Then they started licking my cock and my
    balls, until I started shooting load after load of cum all over their
    beautiful little faces. They licked all the cum off me and off each
    other's faces, then we all lay back panting together on the bed.

       "Steve?" said Kimmy. "I have to babysit again this Saturday.."

       "I thought you'd never ask! I'd be more than happy to CUM again!"

                               The End.




Filename: NFAMILY.TXT
Title: My Naughty Family
Author: Eros
Origin: USENET


                          MY NAUGHTY FAMILY
                              (by Eros)

                               Part 1.

    My husband David and I have two children, a boy and a girl. Our son,
 Michael is fifteen while our daughter, Melinda, is twelve. We're both
 very proud of both of them. People at the medical clinic where I work
 have told me that the four of us represent the ideal, family. If they
 only knew the truth!

    I'd worked late one night, then stopped off to get a few things at the
 store, so it was later than usual when I finally did get back home.
 Having worked all day, sat in on a less-than-exciting PTA meeting all
 night and then having to march down all those grocery store aisles for
 about thirty minutes nearly killed me. I was tired all over by the time I
 got home, especially my feet.

    The minute I walked through our front door, I kicked off both shoes,
 put up the groceries and then padded my way upstairs, making hardly a
 sound, as our house is carpeted throughout.

    When I reached the top of the stairs, a strange sight awaited me.
 There was my husband, David, kneeling in front of the bathroom door in
 his underwear. He was peeking through the keyhole. As my eyes adjusted to
 the darkness, I could see a light coming out from underneath the bathroom
 door and I could also see David with his firmly erect cock out of his
 briefs, masturbating himself furiously.

    Unable to help myself, I perched on the top step and watched closely
 as David jerked on his big, thick rod a mile a minute, obviously drooling
 at whatever it was he was looking at on the other side of the door.
 Excitement was written all over his face.

    At first I was afraid that David was actually going to ejaculate all
 over my freshly-cleaned carpet. But then, just as his prick began to
 swell and throb with imminent orgasm, my husband took his hand away from
 his pulsating organ. I could hear his heavy breathing. But when his hand
 did finally return to his turgid staff, he was trying to get it back
 inside his underpants... with quite a bit of trouble, since his cock was
 the hardest I'd ever seen it.

    Eventually, after several clumsy efforts, he managed to get his
 engorged prick back inside his tight briefs. His huge, stiff dong stuck
 out like a flagpole holding up a circus tent. Wiping his heavily
 perspiring brow, he painstakingly got up and, holding his massive
 erection, made his way down the hallway to our bedroom, where he swiftly
 shut the door.

    I was still trying to figure out what the hell was going on when I
 arose from my perch. What had he been looking at, anyway? I was halfway
 down the hall to our bedroom to ask David about his strange behavior when
 the bathroom door suddenly opened.

    Our daughter Melinda, who is a quite mature-looking for her age, was
 just stepping out of the doorway. She was naked, with only a big, fluffy
 towel wrapped around her wet hair. Her breasts were like firm little
 peaches topped with big, cherry red nipples that made them look more
 conical and pointy than they really were. Her pert little pussy-slit
 peeked out from between her slender thighs all puffy and pink and
 glistening, almost as if she'd just been.... no, she was only twelve for
 God's sake, I had to be mistaken.

    Instead of going off to her room, Melinda just stood there naked in
 front of me drying her hair, giving me a clear view of her hairless
 little pussy and tiny, budding breasts. At least now I knew what my
 husband had been watching while he masturbated. Or at least I thought I
 did. Other than the towel, Melinda was totally naked.

    Eventually, after giving her wet hair one last ruffle, she padded off
 to her bedroom, her her tight young bottom jiggling only very slightly as
 she walked... her firm little tits, not at all.

    I just stood there, too amazed to do or say anything. Not only had my
 husband been peeking at our 12-year-old daughter while she was showering,
 but he'd actually been masturbating while he watched her!

    Melinda had half-closed the bathroom door when she'd emerged. Since I
 felt the urge to pee, I pushed open the half-closed door and what I saw
 then nearly gave me a full-blown heart attack!

    There was my son, Michael, also stark naked, still soaping himself
 underneath the shower. He'd been taking a shower with his little sister!

    "Uh, hi, Mom!" he muttered.


                               Part 2.

    His eyes couldn't look me in the face, but it would have been a wasted
 gesture anyway, since my own eyes were fixed on the big, stiff, soapy
 erection that was standing straight out from his slim, muscular young
 body, still throbbing from the thrill that Melinda had obviously
 performed on it.

    "What the hell is going on here?" I managed to utter.

    It was only then that Michael looked up and said, "Just having a
 shower, Mom."

    "With your sister?" I said, starting to raise my voice at him, only I
 didn't, because suddenly I heard noises outside in the hallway.

    Our bedroom door opened and I could hear the heavy familiar thuds of
 my husband's bare feet as he stepped down the hallway to Melinda's room.

    "Mmmmmm, Daddy!" I heard Melinda sigh, her voice strangely deep and
 husky. "What took you so long?"

    "I was waiting for you to finish with Mike in the shower, baby," my
 husband responded.

    I could hear every word they uttered clearly, even over the fearful
 pounding of my heart.

    "Well, actually we didn't get finished", she giggled. "I just sucked
 his cock for a while and he fingered my pussy. He wanted to fuck me, but
 I wouldn't let him. I can fuck Mike any old time, Daddy. I just wanted to
 be sure and make it with you before Mom got home."

    I couldn't believe what my ears were hearing! Peeking carefully around
 the bathroom door, I saw my husband standing there in Melinda's bedroom
 doorway with his huge, throbbing erection in his hand. He was grinning
 from ear to ear, as I imagined she was too, from the sound of her voice.
 She sounded so grown-up and sensual.

    When my husband stepped into Melinda's bedroom, I took one last glance
 at our son, who seemed as if he wanted to shout out a warning but was
 afraid to, then tiptoed down the hallway. Crouching down on my knees, I
 heard a series of kissing, sucking and groaning sounds fill the air as I
 peeked into Melinda's open bedroom.

    Though I couldn't see what was happening directly, Melinda's dresser
 mirror gave me a clear view of what was taking place on her bed.
 Reflected in the dull light from my daughter's bed lamp, I could see my
 husband kissing Melinda as his hands roamed freely over her willing,
 naked body, toying especially with her firm, nubile young breasts.

    Melinda moaned deep in her throat and kissed her father back, shoving
 her hot little tongue down my husband's throat as she made a grab for his
 cock. Her small fingers looked so tiny wrapped around his massive
 erection that I gasped with shock, remembering her age. God, she was only
 twelve! Then, I suddenly realized something that knocked me for a loop...
 This `innocent' little twelve-year-old was not only fisting her father's
 cock, and kissing him like a whore, she was treating him to a VERY
 professional hand-job! I was stunned!

    "Spread your legs, baby!", moaned my husband, thrusting his hand
 between our daughter's slender thighs.

    With a tiny yet audible whimper, Melinda opened her legs for her
 father immediately, letting him slide his fingers over her hairless young
 mound and rub them roughly into her tight, moist little cunt-slit.
 Shuddering with pleasure, she gave a girlish squeal and glued her mouth
 to his. I knew that feeling well. My husband was very adept at bringing a
 woman off with his fingers. But this wasn't just some woman... it was our
 12-year-old daughter! And what really shocked me was, Melinda seemed to
 be loving every damn second of it!!

    I watched as my husband inserted his middle finger into our daughter's
 hairless little cunt and began to fuck it in and out, penetrating her
 pussy deeply. It was then that something else finally sunk in to my
 befuddled brain... Melinda was
 no longer a virgin! My little baby had lost her cherry!! David's long,
 stiff finger was fucking her tight young cunt as deeply as he had ever
 thrust it into me, and for the first time tonight, I felt a pang of
 jealousy.


                               Part 3.

    Almost staggering, I stepped back to the bathroom, where Michael was
 still drying himself off. His young cock had gotten even harder, it
 seemed, than when I'd originally seen him. I figured it was probably due
 to all of the sexual sounds that were clearly audible from Melinda's
 bedroom.

    "Michael!" I hissed at him as he continued drying himself. "What in
 the world is going on here?"

    "Shit, Mom, it's kinda obvious, isn't it?" he answered bluntly.

    I didn't know what to say. Here I was, standing in front of my naked
 son, staring at his erect cock while my husband made love to our
 12-year-old daughter in her own bed!! I was totally speechless! Finally,
 it was Michael who broke the silence between us.

    "Melinda!.. Dad!.... Mom's home!... She's standing right here in the
 bathroom. She's seen everything!"

    Both my husband and my daughter stopped whatever depraved sexual act
 they were engaged in at the moment and dashed out into the hallway. I
 couldn't help but notice that David's cock was stiff and glistening, and
 there was pussy-juice running down the inside of my daughter's thighs.

    `Just in time!', I thought to myself sarcastically, `I wonder how far
 he got it up into her hot little slot before I interrupted the vile,
 unspeakable act they were about to commit.' Obviously not very far since
 they were both glaring at me like this whole thing was my fault, and I
 should explain myself! I was surprised at their anger, convinced by
 everything that was pure and decent that it should have been the other
 way around.

    "What the hell are you doing snooping around like that!" my husband
 shouted.

    "What the hell are you doing with Melinda?", I replied, a little
 disconcerted by the way my daughter was still rubbing her slender, naked
 body up against her equally-naked father.

    "I'm teaching her something you should have taught her ages ago", said
 Dave, running his hands suggestively down between Melinda's hairless,
 young thighs.

    I couldn't believe my husband was still actually fondling our naked
 12-year-old daughter right in front of me! Melinda responded with
 crocodile tears, telling me how I'd embarrassed her in front of the whole
 family and how she would never live this down.

    "Oh no, you two," I countered, "you're not turning the guilt around
 onto me!"

    "Mom, we were all just having a little fun, that's all", Michael piped
 in.

    "Yeah, I can certainly see that!", I snapped.

    "Look, honey," my husband swiftly added, "we all love each other,
 right?  Melinda and I were just expressing their love in a more
 positive way, that's all."

    "But, she's only twelve for God's sake!", I hissed. "What on earth
 were you thinking of?"

    "What were you thinking of when you were staring at my cock in the
 bathroom before, Mom?" asked Michael with a self-satisfied grin.

    "Um... I was.. er... I was thinking how disgusting all of this was...
 that's what!", I stammered, hoping my family wouldn't notice my lie.

    "Mom", Melinda said, "neither Mike nor I fool around at school with
 the other kids. Sure, we go out on dates, but we don't fuck them. With
 AIDS and all the other diseases floating around nowadays, it would be too
 dangerous. But we know that outside of us, Daddy only has sex with you,
 right?"

    I shrugged.


                               Part 4.

    "Oh come on, baby", my husband chided me, "you know I would never fool
 around with any other woman..." I glared at his hand still absently
 rubbing between our daughter's thighs.

    Guiltily, David removed his hand from Melinda's plump little pussy,
 and continued hastily. "... at least not anyone outside the family."

    "I ... I don't know what to think", I muttered, suddenly unsure of the
 way this whole thing was turning out,

    Dave saw me weaken and hurried over to hug me tightly.

    "Come on, baby," he comforted. "Lets all go and talk this thing
 through, okay?"

    All four of us adjourned to the master bedroom to discuss the matter
 further. I started out by telling them how shocked I was at what I'd just
 discovered. All three of them nodded in complete understanding.

    Then Mike admitted that he'd had his first encounter with real live
 sex action by peeking through our bedroom window from an outside tree
 late at night. He commented on how he used to jack off watching us fuck,
 imagining his own stiff young cock pounding my pussy instead of his
 father's. I blushed bright red at my son's frank admission, but couldn't
 help feeling a slight twitch in my pussy at the thought of my son's long
 hard prick, which I'd seen earlier, in all its glory.

    Then Melinda picked up the conversation by telling me how she got her
 sex education by watching Michael jerking off in his bedroom using `all
 those dirty books he keeps hidden under his bed!'

    Finally it was my husband's turn to speak. He pulled Melinda to her
 feet and turned her around, almost drooling over her naked young body.

    "Just take a good, long look at her, will ya?", asked Dave.

    Melinda primped and turned like a model obviously enjoying the
 attention being paid to her sexy young body.

    "What normal man... or boy," said Dave, indicating Michael, who winced
 noticeably at the word `boy', "....wouldn't want to fuck a gorgeous
 little babe like this?"

    My husband ran his palm appreciatively over his daughter's tight
 little behind. "Not that I love you any less, sweetheart," he quickly
 added, looking at me sincerely.

    There was silence for a while. Finally Melinda spoke.

    "Mom, I've got another confession to make," she said.

    "What else could there be?" I asked incredulously.

    "I've seen you and Dad fucking as well," she answered.

    She then explained how she and Mike would take turns watching us
 through the window or peeking at us through the bedroom door. I
 instinctively put my hands over my breasts. What Melinda had just told me
 made me feel totally denuded in front of my whole family. I could feel my
 face blushing redder than ever before.

    Then, with tears welling in my eyes, I rushed out of the bedroom and
 into Melinda's bedroom, where I threw myself onto the bed and started
 sobbing into the pillows, I thought my husband would follow me and
 explain what the hell was happening to our family, but it was Mike who
 came in to try and comfort me.

    "Don't worry, Mom" he consoled me, stroking my hair and back as he sat
 beside me on Melinda's bed. "No one will ever know. We've all been
 practicing safe sex. Would you feel better if Melinda was fucking some
 punk from school? Or if either of us had gotten AIDS or something like
 that?"

    He was making a certain amount of sense, I had to admit that.
 Nowadays, promiscuity could be very dangerous.




                               Part 5.

    I turned over in bed and faced him. Mike wiped away my tears with his
 hand and patted my cheek. I stroked his face as well. He was such a nice,
 handsome boy. He patted my shoulder and told me not to feel bad. He even
 mentioned that lots of his male friends at school told him they'd fucked
 their sisters, although Mike swore that he'd never told anybody a thing.

    We hugged. My hand slipped absently-minded onto his still-naked lap. I
 gasped lightly when I felt his hard-on. Pulling back from my son, I
 looked him right in the eye.

    "Who was fucking first?" I asked him. "You and Melinda, or your dad
 and Melinda?"

    He reluctantly admitted that it was his father and sister who started
 fucking first. Mike had come home unexpectedly one afternoon and found
 them in Melinda's room fucking like rabbits. His sister hadn't even
 bothered to take her school uniform off. She'd just pulled her panties
 off and jumped on top of Dave's cock. When Mike walked in, his little
 sister was bouncing on their father's cock moaning and begging him to
 fuck her hard. As Mike told me all the juicy details, my pussy started to
 tingle and moisten with arousal,

    "Would you like even the score with them a little?" I asked running my
 fingers suggestively along his semi-hard cock.

    "You mean....?"

    I nodded.

    "Right here and now?" he asked incredulously.

    I looked at him, smiled and nodded again. He grinned broadly and
 tentatively placed his hand on my left breast, squeezing gently. A
 delicious thrill raced through my body at the feel of my own son touching
 me so intimately.

    Mike's resemblance to his dad was especially striking at that moment.
 It was like I was out on a date 20 years ago with his father and we were
 getting it on for the very first time. Considering what my perverted,
 filthy husband and slutty little daughter had been getting up to, Mike
 seemed to me like the only worthwhile person I the whole wide world,
 right now.

    Holding his handsome young face in my hands, I kissed him full on the
 lips, letting my tongue snake its way as far into his hot mouth as I
 could. Mike reacted passively yet excitedly.

    "I want you to fuck me", I heard my voice saying, though it sounded as
 if it were coming from a thousand miles away. "Right now, Mikey, do it!
 Fuck me like you fuck your slutty little sister!"

    I pulled my son's hand into my crotch and pressed it tightly against
 my swollen pussy, feeling another shiver of excitement run through me as
 his fingers began to gently squeeze my mound through my panties.

    "Mmmmmmm, you're hot, Mom", he breathed, squeezing my tits one at a
 time with his other hand.

    "I sure am, baby," I murmured. "Hot for your big hard cock!"

    "Ohhhh, Mom!"

    I reached down and began stroking that huge erection of his, noting
 how it was shaped and sized almost exactly like his father's. I
 unbuttoned my blouse, then turned around, sat up, and said, "Undo me."
 It took him only a couple of seconds to figure out that I was referring
 to my bra. Once I'd freed myself of my upper garments, I had Mike unzip
 my skirt. Slipping out of it, I tossed it aside and lay back, watching
 Mike stare hungrily at my body. I was now wearing nothing but my sheer
 panties.

    "I know you know how to get these off", I grinned.

    Mike eagerly peeled off my panties and tossed them atop my other
 discarded garments. He just stared at my pussy as if in a trance, and I
 wondered what was going through his head. I hoped he wasn't having second
 thoughts about fucking his mother, because I was as ever so horny. His
 next words quelled any doubts I may have had.


                               Part 6.

    "Oh, Mom, your pussy is gorgeous," he said, his voice thick with lust.
 "I can't wait to fuck it!"

    "Then, hurry up, baby" I groaned. "Get between my legs and shove that
 gorgeous big prick of yours up Mommy's cunt!"

    As Mike scrambled on top of me, I grabbed his hard young cock with
 both hands and almost jammed it between my cuntlips. We were both so
 eager to get that stiff hunk of meat into my hot little hole that at
 first he had a bit of trouble entering me. But once he'd gotten the first
 half-inch inside, it was smooth sailing and with a loud moan, he buried
 his long, thick cock into my hot pussy to the very hilt.

    I lifted my legs up and wrapped them around my son's hips, locking my
 heels in the small of his back. His balls were hot on my asshole and his
 prick was throbbing in my tightly-stretched cunt. I'd never felt so full
 of cock. I could hear moaning and whimpering from the master bedroom
 across the hall and I knew that David and Melinda were fucking once more.
 Well, we'd show them, I thought, lifting my ass as Mike began to slide
 his incredibly long prick in and out of my pussy.

    "Yesssss! Fuck me, baby!", I hissed. "Fuck mommy in the cunt!

    Mike started to pound his cock into me hard, his muscular young ass
 flexing under my clutching fingers as I pulled him deeper into me. The
 tip of his prick was slamming against my cervix and at times it almost
 felt as if his cockhead was actually penetrating inside my womb. I smiled
 as I thought about the irony of it all. Fifteen years ago, I'd given
 birth to him through the same hole his cock was in, and now here he was,
 banging away at me trying his best to get back in.

    "Uhhhh, Mom! Your cunt is so tight and hot!", he moaned, pumping me
 hard and fast.

    I loved to be fucked like that. Dave rarely had the stamina lately for
 more than a quick unsatisfying poke which left me frustrated. Now I knew
 why... he was saving it all for Melinda! Well, if my husband wanted to
 fuck his own daughter rather than his wife, that was fine with me. I had
 my own stiff-peckered young stud now. The feeling of my son's big cock
 slamming deeply and swiftly in and out of my clasping cunt felt so damned
 fantastic that it was all I could do to keep from screaming out in
 ecstasy.

    Then is struck me. Why shouldn't I scream? Why shouldn't I let my
 husband hear us? He was in our bed fucking the ass off our 12-year-old
 daughter and they were making enough noise to wake the neighbors. It
 would be sweet revenge to make a bit of noise and let him know how
 deliciously his son was fucking me.

    I began to moan loudly, begging Mike to fuck me harder, squealing out
 my pleasure as I hadn't done for years. Dave and I were normally fairly
 restrained when it came to noise in our lovemaking because the kids might
 hear us. There wasn't much point to that now, was there! I began to talk
 dirty to Mike as he fucked me, as much for Dave's benefit as for my
 son's.

    "Ooohhhhh, baby! Fuck! You're so good! I love your big cock fucking
 me! Uuuuuuuhhhhhh, yeahhhhh! Slam it up there, Mikey! Fuck me hard! Fuck
 Mommy's hot cunt real hard!!"

    My words had an immediate effect on my son. He began pumping me as
 hard and as fast as he could, his tight young ass almost a blur as he
 slammed his prick into me savagely. I'd never been fucked so hard in my
 whole life, and it was fantastic. Mike was pounding me with everything he
 had, and I was humping my frothy cunt up to meet his every thrust,
 clinging to his slim young body for dear life.

    Soon I didn't care if the whole world heard me, as long as my son kept
 fucking me like that. I screamed as the dull ache of pleasure in my
 ravaged pussy quickly blossomed into an intense orgasm. Waves of pleasure
 washed over me and I actually saw stars. I must have blacked out for a
 few seconds, because when I opened my eyes Mike was shuddering above me
 in the throes of his own orgasm. His young prick bucked and jerked inside
 me, pumping jets of hot, thick jism deep into my quivering cunt.

    "UUNNNGGGGGGHHHHH! FUCK! I'M CUMMING, MOM!", he yelled. "OOOHHH,
 JESUS! I'M CUMMING UP YOUR HOT FUCKING CUNT!"



                               Part 7.

    He sure was. I felt his huge load fill up my pussy and bubble out
 around his shaft as he kept pumping his squirting prick into me. After a
 few more shuddery lunges, he collapsed on top of me and we rested, my
 cunt rippling around his softly-twitching cock in post-orgasmic bliss.

    "Wow, that sure was some fuck, Mom!", gasped Mike, trying to catch his
 breath.

    "It sure was!" said a voice from the doorway.

    I looked up and saw my husband and daughter standing there watching
 us. They were both naked and had big cheesy grins on their faces. Dave
 was caressing Melinda's hairless little pussy and she was stroking his
 rejuvenated hard-on.

    "Can Daddy and I join you?" asked Melinda, almost shyly.

    I thought about it for a few seconds. My anger at my husband and
 daughter was gone, washed away by a tide of passion and love for my
 family. I held out my arms and Melinda came running to the bed, followed
 closely by her father.

    "Well, since everybody seems to be fucking everybody else in this
 family," I grinned. "I don't see why not, do you?"

    "No, Mom", giggled Melinda giving me a big hug. Then she looked at me
 with a big smile on her face.

    "But, everybody isn't fucking everybody else..." she said, rubbing her
 little hand along my inner thigh until it rested on my cunt. "... at
 least not yet!"

    I was a little shocked at what my daughter was proposing. Although I'd
 licked the occasionally pussy when I was a teenager, I hadn't had sex
 with another woman in years. And now, here was my little 12-year-old
 daughter suggesting that we make out together. Well she actually hadn't
 suggested it I guess, but the look on her face and the way her hand was
 rubbing my pussy left nothing to the imagination. Actually, the more I
 thought about it, the more the idea of having sex with my pretty little
 daughter excited me. It obviously excited Mike to.

    "Wow! Cool!", he said, fisting his rapidly recovering cock. "I've
 never seen to girls going at it before! Come on Mel, suck her cunt!"

    "Don't be so crude!", snarled Melinda. "Or I won't suck your cock ever
 again."

    "Who cares, you're a lame suck anyway. Mom will suck it for me, won't
 you Mom!"

    "Will you two kids stop it!", I said starting to get a little annoyed.

    My husband chuckled and sat on the bed next to us.

    "If you two girls would like us to leave you alone, Mike and I could
 go and watch TV or something for a while. You know, give you a bit of
 privacy."

    Melinda and I looked at each other and I knew what she was thinking.

    "No, we'd like you guys to stay, right Melinda?"

    Melinda smiled and nodded.

    "I think from now on, sex in this household should be a family
 affair", I said with a grin. "What do you think?"

    My answer was a chorus of cheers all round and I was immediately
 engulfed by three naked bodies. We all giggled and hugged and laughed
 together for a while, but soon, the giggling died down and the heavy
 breathing started.

    Mike had his head pressed between his sister's legs and was trying to
 get his tongue into her tight little cunt. Dave was licking his way down
 my belly preparing to do the same to me as I leaned over and took Mike's
 cock into my mouth. Melinda completed the family daisy-chain by taking
 her father's big prick between her lips and sucking loudly.



                               Part 8.

    Soon, the sounds of moaning and slurping filled the room as we all
 sucked and licked each other to orgasm. Melinda came first, with her
 brother's tongue flicking her tiny clit. He'd had to open her tiny
 cuntlips with his fingers to get at the sensitive little bud, but once he
 found it, Melinda took of like a rocket, whimpering loudly around her
 father's cock. That sent Dave over the edge and he filled her hungry
 little mouth with a load of incestuous sperm.

    My husband's lips sucked hard on my clit as he came into his
 daughter's mouth and I peaked as well, moaning around my son's throbbing
 cock. I began to fist the base of Mike's cock and pump him into my mouth
 as he began to stiffen and groan into his sister's leaking cunt. In
 seconds, Mike was filling my mouth with his tasty young cream.

    We all lay there panting after that, trying to catch our breaths.
 Eventually, Melinda crawled over to me and lay her head on my belly,
 looking up at me with those beautiful deep blue eyes.

    "Looks like they're going to be out of action for a while", she
 grinned, looking over at her brother and father's limp cocks.

    "Yep," I chuckled. "For half and hour at least, knowing your father."

    Melinda looked up at me again with that look in her eyes. I knew what
 she wanted, and I wanted it too. I stroked her hair and moved her head
 down gently between my legs until her chin was resting on my mound. I
 watched as she inhaled deeply and closed her eyes, savoring the smell of
 my pussy.

     Her tongue flicked out almost like a little snake's and she licked my
 slit from top to bottom, hardly parting the lips. Then she did it again,
 this time a little harder and a little firmer. I shivered with delight.
 For the first time in 20 years I was getting my pussy licked by another
 woman... correction... girl, and it was my 12-year-old daughter! It was
 utterly depraved... but totally delicious.

    So was my cunt, apparently, because no sooner did Melinda get her
 tongue between the folds of my pussy, she thrust it in deeper licking out
 the aromatic juices that were again flowing freely. I rolled over onto my
 back and pulled my daughter on top of me in a 69 position, nuzzling my
 face into her hairless cunt. She licked and sucked at my cunt like a pro
 and I couldn't help but wonder which of her sexy little friends had
 taught her how to suck pussy so well.

    My own tongue was busy parting Melinda's tight little cuntlips. I
 found I couldn't penetrate her with my tongue unless I opened her elastic
 little cuntlips with my thumbs. God she was tight! Now I knew why my
 husband loved to fuck the girl. As her tiny cunt nipped and squeezed my
 stiff tongue, I could imagine the fantastic feeling Dave must get every
 time he slid his huge cock into this tiny little hole.

    Dave and Mike were fully recovered now, watching the hot tongue action
 Melinda and I were giving each other. Their cocks were rock-hard and both
 guys were rubbing them slowly with their fists. And as Melinda and I
 sucked each other's pussies to orgasm, I knew that Dave and Mike would
 soon be pounding their long stiff pricks into us again. I also knew that
 from now on, we'd all fuck each other whenever we got the urge. My family
 would never be the same again... and I loved it!

                              The End.





Filename: HOTSIS.TXT
Title: Little Sister Likes it Hotter
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                       LITTLE SISTER LIKES IT HOTTER!
                                (by Eros)

                                 Part 1.

       After a few weeks of fucking my mom, I began to enjoy getting it
    regular. Mom would put out for me any time I wanted, which was most
    of the time at my age.  The only thing we had to watch out for was my
    little sister Debbie. She was twelve going on thirteen, but already
    she was a fully-grown pain in the ass! Somehow Debbie seemed to sense
    that something strange was going on between Mom and me, but luckily
    she couldn't put her finger on it. My mom did, though. After that
    first day, she couldn't keep her hands off it! Every chance we got,
    we fucked up a storm... in the kitchen... in the bedroom... in the
    shower... even in the pool once, but only when Debbie was out of the
    house. To me, my little sister was just a nosy little kid who got in
    the way of having sex with Mom.

       So all in all, I didn't pay much attention to her. Then, when she
    turned thirteen, Debbie started going to the same high school as me and
    sort of got in my view every now and then. Some of the guys would
    come around sniffin' out about my sister, wanting to know how old
    she was, and did she ever fool around, and that kind of stuff.

       Well, naturally I'd growl and make mean noises and then go sniffing
    after their sisters. It wasn't that I was all that protective about
    Deb. It was just that I couldn't imagine anybody wanting to do
    anything like that with such a little brat. I mean, she was a real
    little snot, you know. Whenever she was home, she never let Mom and
    I out of her sight for a moment. She didn't know what was going on,
    but she was definitely jealous of the way Mom and I reacted around
    each other. In hindsight, you could hardly blame her really.

       So that's the way things were for a couple of months. My little
    sister was just a kind of noise that lived in one end of our house.
    Then one night I got the midnight munchies real bad. I hadn't fucked
    Mom for a few days, so I was kinda restless and decided to go
    downstairs and pig-out on some leftover chicken. I thought everybody
    was asleep, or should have been, so I just went downstairs naked.

       Our house was two floors besides the attic, with Mom's bedroom on
    the second floor, and Debbie's bedroom on the ground floor, near the
    downstairs bathroom. In the dark, I sort of groped my way down the
    stairs and headed for the refrigerator. Debbie's room is the last door
    before the kitchen, and as I moved down the hallway, I noticed her door
    was open a couple of inches, and the light was on. Out of curiosity, I
    stopped and looked in.

       Wow! I couldn't believe it!

       There was my naked little kid sister, Debbie, standing in front of
    her mirror, but the sister I used to know wasn't there anymore.
    Debbie had little curves and bumps in places she never had when we
    went skinny-dipping a couple of years ago. She now had a little curve
    to her butt and her hips seemed to be wider. She was still skinny,
    and she was still definitely a kid, but there were differences!

       Her thighs didn't look like matchsticks with knees on them
    anymore. They kind of swelled out to the sides, and filled into the
    crotch a bit. Her back seemed to have gotten softer, and her backbone
    didn't show like a row of dinosaur bones anymore. But if her back was
    different, the front was really something else!!

       Debbie was staring at herself in the mirror when I peeked in, and
    therefore facing away from me. In the mirror, I could see her from
    toes to forehead. Where there used to be a navel on a flat, muscular
    board, there was now a gently curving little belly. Where there was a
    skinny rib cage with two nipples on it, there was now a creamy smooth
    plateau with two perfect little tits, each with a strawberry tip.

       And where there used to be a tiny, hairless little protuberance
    bisected by a grinning pink slit, there was now a fully-developed
    little cuntmound, blessed with an almost invisible covering of
    ultrafine blonde down.

       Wow!

       Just for a moment, I saw my sister as she really was, a cute
    budding girl, tall, prettier than average, with a sensual mouth
    inherited from our mom, and large, limpid brown eyes, from Dad, no
    doubt. But before this stunning realization had time to really grab
    me, she started doing something that really blew my mind!

       Debbie stood in front of her mirror and began to posture and turn,
    staring at her sweet, naked young body. Like a photographic model,
    she raised her hands and began to caress her little breasts, rubbing
    the nipples between her fingers. She closed her eyes almost all the
    way and watched herself through lowered lashes, biting her lower lip
    and hissing softly like some video porn queen!


                                 Part 2.

       Standing there unnoticed outside my little sister's door, I was
    paralyzed. I'd never seen anything like this before, and it had my
    jaw hanging. It also had my cock rising, but I was too absorbed to
    notice. Debbie kept fondling her little tits until the nipples got
    hard. They weren't very big, so it was hard to tell at that
    distance, but they also got darker, and I could certainly see that!

       Then, she slowly lowered one hand and began to caress her slender
    young body all over, running her hands over her flanks and her belly,
    squeezing herself gently on the rump. She was also raising one leg
    and lowering it, rubbing the front of one calf against the back of
    the other. She kept working closer and closer to her hairless little
    cuntslit.

       Debbie was breathing harder and harder, and so was I as I stared
    at my sister's gorgeous young body in total disbelief! Then, like she
    was giving herself a reward, Debbie sighed and slid her hand between
    her legs. In the mirror, I could see her very gently and sensuously
    moving her middle finger back and forth across her little cunt,
    dipping it into the crack a little bit each time.  I knew what she
    was doing, and it turned me on something fierce. My snotty-nosed,
    butter-wouldn't-melt-in-her-mouth, little sister was actually
    bringing herself off with her finger, and I was watching her do it!!

       Then, Sis took her hand off her tits and put it against the
    mirror. Steadying herself, she spread her legs and bent her knees
    awkwardly, then slid her other hand slowly downward and inward, her
    skinny middle finger disappearing to the hilt. Wow! That really
    turned me on, and I grabbed my rock-hard cock and began to rub it,
    imagining what it would be like to put my stiff prick into that tiny,
    pink little hole.

       As I watched, Debbie, crouched over with her knees spread, bracing
    herself against the mirror, with her finger moving in and out of her
    hot little cunt. And there was me with my cock up and my jaw down,
    staring through her partly-open door with my eyes about a foot out of
    my head and my mouth full of glue. We really would have made a weird
    scene if anybody had come along. Fortunately nobody did.

       Sis just kept on stroking her cunt and I just kept on staring and
    rubbing my cock. After a couple of minutes, though, I could see her
    legs beginning to tremble from the strain of the awkward position. I
    wondered why she didn't just lie down on the bed. As if reading my
    mind, Debbie did that very thing. Actually, she kind of scuttled into
    her bed, never taking her finger out of her hairless little cunthole
    for a second. When she lay down, her feet were pointed straight at
    me. I got a perfect view right up between her legs, where all the
    action was going on.

       She was making sort of moans and hollers, but all in whispers,
    like part of her was really into her diddling, but part was aware
    that she was in a house where two other people were asleep. It was
    pretty strange to listen to, but who listened! I was so busy panting
    and sweating and rubbing my cock! Debbie was plugging herself fast
    and furious, with her legs spread wide and rigid on the bed and her
    other arm flung over her eyes. She kept clenching and unclenching
    the hand on that arm, raking her nails across her palm. She must
    really be close!

       Sis began to suck in her breath in heavy gasps, and her legs and
    belly began to tremble and twitch. She started saying "Ooooohhh,
    Oooohhh," really low and throaty, just like Mom does when I'm
    throwing the bone to her and she's about to come. I'd never heard
    that kind of sound out of Debbie before. Then she gritted her teeth
    and clamped her hand over her mouth. She went "Uuhhmmmphh!" and sort
    of hollered into her fist, and shoved her ass straight up into the
    air. I could see a couple of drops of juice fall from her cunt. Wow!

       Debbie dropped back on her bed and took a few long, shaky breaths.
    Her hands fell away to her sides and her whole body went limp and
    relaxed. The area around her little titties and around her pussy was
    red and mottled. She looked very happy with herself. Then she sighed
    and squirmed her way into a more comfortable position. She rolled
    her head to the side and glanced casually toward the door. As her
    eyes went wide, I realized that during the heat of things, the door
    had swung almost halfway open.

       There I stood, naked, my jaw hanging, with a big, stiff dick
    jutting out in front of me. Debbie leapt upright in the bed, her eyes
    wide with fear and guilt. Then a look of pure hatred came over her.

       "Get out!" she hissed, low but venomous. "Get out of my room, you
    pervert! Get out!"

                                 Part 3.

       Without speaking, I backed up a step and closed the door. I
    turned and went swiftly to my room, all thought of sandwiches and
    milk long since forgotten. I put out my light and lay in bed, but
    sleep was a long time coming. I couldn't forget the things I'd just
    seen. I couldn't forget those changes that had come over my kid
    sister in the last couple of years. And most of all, I couldn't
    forget that even in her anger, Debbie never tried to cover herself
    up, but sat in her bed with her thighs wide and her titties high. Nor
    that all the while she was telling me to go, she was staring at my
    cock. Staring with a look other than anger. And I knew then, that
    sooner or later, I'd give her a closer look at that rod.... a LOT
    closer look!

       Next morning was pretty ordinary. It was a school day and we
    always had breakfast together on school days. Mom would get up and
    fix us breakfast even though she didn't open her office for a couple
    of hours, especially if I'd thrown her a hot fuck or two the previous
    night. She was a sucker for my prick.

      Debbie wasn't there when I went down to the kitchen. Usually she
    was the first one, but today I beat her down.

       "Hi, Handsome," said Mom.

       "Hi, Gorgeous!" I replied running my hands up under her robe between
    her legs. My fingers instantly found Mom's warm, wet cuntslit. Jesus!
    she wasn't wearing panties again. God, that turned me on! If Debbie
    hadn't been in the house I'd have pulled up Mom's robe, bent her over
    the sink and fucked her hot, hairy cunthole from behind like I'd done
    so many times before.

       "Ummmmmmm!" moaned Mom grinding her pussy against my fingers as I
    diddled her for a bit. "Mmmmmmmm! Careful, honey, Debbie might see!
    Where is she? She's usually down here bright and early."

       "Beats me", I said giving Mom's clit a gentle rub with my middle
    finger. "Maybe she fell in the toilet."

       "What a thing to say about your sister!", said Mom, pulling my
    hand away from her cunt.

       I made a show of licking my glistening middle finger and Mom
    smiled, staring longingly at the bulge in my pajama shorts. She
    reached out and was just about to put her hand in and grab my stiff
    cock when we heard Debbie's door open down the hall.

       "Later, stud!", Mom whispered, giving my cock a quick squeeze.

       When Debbie came in, she wouldn't look at me at all, just stuck
    her nose up in the air and flounced to the table. Mom said good
    morning to her and she just nodded. I waited for her to look up but
    she wouldn't.

       "Debbie, is something wrong?" Mom seemed to have noticed the way
    she was acting.

       Sis just shook her head and tossed me a look of undiluted hate. I
    grinned back. Mom took the exchange in and apparently passed it off
    as another sister-brother-fight. She went back to the ham and eggs
    she was fixing. I sort of pushed at my grapefruit and watched Mom's
    cute naked butt wiggle around under her thin robe, wishing Debbie
    wasn't around.

       Then I remembered my little sister's exhibition last night and I
    started seeing her in a new light. Hmmmmm, she WAS kinda cute and
    horny too if last night's show was anything to go on. Maybe if I
    played my cards right I could get more than just a look at that hot
    little pussy she had nestled between her skinny young legs.

       Feeling up Mom's naked cunt had gotten me real hot, and now,
    thinking about Debbie, or rather, thinking about what I'd seen Debbie
    doing the night before, I felt myself getting harder. I looked down
    at my grapefruit with a lot more concentration than it needed and
    kind of dug on the feeling. I go to thinking that there was Debbie,
    less than three feet away from me across the table. The same girl
    that had been spread naked on her bed last night was now sitting
    where I could probably touch her knees with mine if I just stretched
    out a little bit.

       I got to wondering what she must look like from under the table,
    with her panties covering her hairless little pussy. I wondered if I
    could sort of drop my napkin and just grab a quick peek. Then I
    figured that would look a little phony. Especially since I just
    about never use the napkins Mom puts out for me. Mostly I just wipe
    my hand on my pants. It drives Mom up the wall. Which was exactly
    what I wanted to do to her right now!

                                 Part 4.

       Debbie caught me staring at Mom's ass and kicked me under the
    table. I grinned back at her and I kept sucking on that grapefruit,
    but my mind was still under the table, between Debbie's little legs.
    It's really weird how a couple of years can change your view of your
    sister. Before, I had always thought of her as some kind of doom that
    I had to endure because Somebody up there didn't like me. Now it
    seemed that she was something I really wanted. I mean, she was still
    a little creep, but there was that gorgeous little body she had
    suddenly developed! There wasn't any way around the fact that those
    little tits turned me on, or that her pussy was the most desirable
    thing I'd ever seen. Mmmmm, mmm!

       I spooned in grapefruit and thought about that sweet little cunt,
    sitting there between my sister's legs. I remembered how the
    hairless, pink lips had hardly parted even when she had her legs wide
    apart. I wondered what her cunt would look like sitting on a chair if
    she didn't have any panties on. I wondered what color panties she was
    wearing. Something to go with her dress, probably.  I looked up to
    check out the color of her dress and caught her eye. Debbie was
    staring at me, too. And the look in her eye was another version of my
    own! I mean, I don't know how to describe it, or even how to tell
    that I knew. But I did. Sis was sizing up my cock as surely as I was
    dreaming about her pussy. It only lasted for an instant, then I got
    the usual pure-loathing-and-disgust look. At the same time, I became
    aware that Mom had been speaking.

       "Huh?" I said.

       "I asked if you two were suffering. You appear to be in great
    pain. You both look as though the sky had just fallen in on you.
    Neither of you has touched your milk, and you seem to be determined
    to reduce that grapefruit to mush without getting it near your mouth,
    Tommy. What gives with you two?"

       I mumbled something and started sucking up the remains of the
    grapefruit while Mom stuck ham and eggs under my nose. Debbie
    attacked her food silently and didn't look up again. We ate the rest
    of breakfast in stony silence with Mom occasionally raising an
    eyebrow in a slightly amused way. She hummed around the kitchen
    busily, cleaning up, as we got ready to leave for school. I was still
    watching her ass move, wishing I could stay home and fuck it some
    more, but every time I thought out Mom's hairy cunt, my sister's
    moist, hairless little slit took its place.

       Shit! I couldn't get Debbie out of my mind. She was trying to play
    it mean and spiteful, but I was sure she was really just afraid. And
    she was excited, too. I wasn't sure if it was me or just the fact
    that I was a boy, but whatever it was, she had been turned on, I was
    sure of that.

       There was a "honk" outside and Debbie and I both bolted up from
    the table. The honk was Billy Tait, who lived across the street. We
    were pretty close buddies. He was was the same age as me, but he had
    a car already, and he picked me and Sis up every morning to take us
    to school. As we came around the table, Debbie and I jammed into each
    other.

       "Quit pushing!" Sis yelled.

       "I'm not pushing. You're in my way."

       We kind of shoved at each other a minute and before we broke up I
    let my hand slide across her breast. Oh, yeah! That was some feeling!
    Her little tits were much firmer than Mom's, but just as hot to the
    touch. Sis hauled off and whopped me one on the shoulder, but not
    before I'd finished feeling her up.

       Mom came over and pushed us apart and aimed us at the door. She
    smacked us lightly on the butts and told us to stop fighting with
    each other. But she had seen the little play we'd been through and,
    after the door slammed behind us, she stood staring thoughtfully for
    a long time.

       It was a crummy day at school. All I could think about was pussy.
    Mainly, the pussy I thought about was Mom's. But I kept getting
    flashes of Debbie in there. Fucking my mother regularly sure didn't
    stop my natural male urges from spreading further afield. I was a
    still a sixteen-year-old boy after all!

       After school, Billy brought his car around and a bunch of us piled
    in. It happened that there was nowhere for Debbie to sit but on my
    lap. Or at least that's the way it looked. I couldn't say if that's
    the way it really was, or if she'd waited until there was no other
    room or what. But the upshot of it was that she climbed over the
    side (Billy's heap is a two-door convertible) and sat on me.


                                 Part 5.

       I got this glimpse of Debbie's thighs and a flash of pale pink
    panties as she climbed in, and just like at the breakfast table this
    morning, it freaked me out. When she sat her bottom in my lap, I was
    sure my cock was going to rip right through my pants and poke her
    one. I had never felt how she was built before. I mean, she'd sat on
    my lap at least a hundred times, I guess, since she was a baby. But
    I'd never thought of her as anything but my dumb little sister
    before. Now I was aware of every pressure from the cheeks of her ass,
    to the muscles of her lean young thighs. And she was wiggling
    around, talking to kids in the car, and flirting with Billy. She
    seemed to be moving her ass around a lot more than necessary, I
    thought.  Not that I really minded, I just pretended I was ignoring
    her.

       Billy took a turn a little hard to dodge a red light and everybody
    shifted to the right. I was sitting against the left side, so I
    grabbed the car body and everybody else grabbed me. By reflex, I
    grabbed Debbie around the waist. When Billy's death trap finally quit
    heeling over and finished the turn, everybody relaxed a little.
    Casually, I let my hand slide down off Debbie's waist, over her
    belly, across the barest top of her mound, and across her legs. I
    let it come to rest on the top of her right thigh, as though I'd just
    forgotten it.

       Throughout this maneuver Debbie said not a word, nor gave any sign
    that she felt anything. But she did. She was too still and too tense
    for just bracing herself against a turn. I could feel her belly
    muscles ripple as my hand slid over them, and her back stiffened a
    little. But she didn't move away. And when my hand came to rest on
    her thigh, the muscles were like cords. But after a moment or two,
    they relaxed.

       We sat the rest of the way home just kidding around with the other
    kids, but neither of us had our minds on the conversations. I
    couldn't get my mind off the feel of my little sister's leg through
    her dress, and I don't think she could, either. I could feel the edge
    of her panties on her upper thigh. It was just a little ridge under
    my forearm, but it was the most exciting thing in the world to me
    just then.

       When we got to our house, I pushed Debbie off my lap and sort of
    helped her over the side of the car by putting my hand on her ass and
    lifting. I was certain I'd done that a hundred times before, too, but
    it had never felt like this. I could feel each cheek of her tiny ass
    and the crack between. I could feel the firmness of her butt, the
    depth of the muscles. Wow! I must have had a foot's worth of hard on!

       I climbed out after her and stood talking with Billy a minute
    about the upcoming basketball game, and by the time Billy drove off,
    Debbie was long gone into the house. I jogged up the path and went
    inside. Mom wasn't home. I could tell because the Toyota was gone.
    She often worked late, trying to keep up with the bills Dad left her
    with when he took off with that blonde, bimbo secretary of his.

       I went into the kitchen and made myself a sandwich, then went
    sauntering casually off toward Debbie's room. Again, and not by
    accident this time, her door was open. Not just crack this time,
    either, it was wide open. Debbie was sitting on her bed wearing a
    pair of tiny bikini panties and a nightgown. A nightgown, for
    Christ's sake! At four o'clock in the afternoon! Wow! I leaned on the
    doorframe and watched her. She pretended I wasn't there for a minute,
    then looked up.

       "Why don't you go away and leave me alone!"

       I didn't say anything, just leaned there and calmly ate my
    sandwich.

       "Why are you always lurking, Tommy? You're always spying on me!"

       I nodded.

       "Yep, I sure am, Deb!", I grinned. "I just hang around outside
    your window at night and take pictures. I never would think to stand
    in your door... which you NEVER close."

       She stuck her chin out defiantly, which thrust her tits against
    her nightgown. My cock began to twitch in my pants.

       "It's my room and I can do what I want in it. You have no right to
    invade my privacy."


                                 Part 6.

       "What privacy?", I countered. "You leave your door open like
    you're inviting the whole world in. If you want privacy just shut
    your door!"

       She flounced off the bed.

       "Okay! I will, then!"

       As Debbie stormed across the room, the gown parted and her pert
    little tits slid into view, like two pink icecream cones with a
    raspberry nipple on each. God, she was turning me on! She came to the
    door and tried to close it. I jammed my foot in the frame and stuck
    my shoulder through.

       "Hey! Wait a minute, Sis. I'm not trying to make you mad." She
    hesitated a moment and I gently pushed the door back open and came
    into her room. "... and I'm not spying on you. After all, your door
    was open..." I sat on the edge of her bed. "... besides, what more
    could I see than what I saw the other night?"

       She gave me a venomous look.

       "Don't you dare mention that, Tommy! Don't you ever mention it to
    anybody!"

       I raised an indignant eyebrow.

       "Boy, for somebody who's been doing something like that, you sure
    are self-righteous, Sis!"

       She softened a little and came over to the bed.

       "Ohhh, Tommy! You won't tell, will you? Mom would get awfully
    mad."

       I knew Mom would probably understand completely, but I saw my
    chance here.

       "Shit, I won't tell, Sis," I smiled, shaking my head, "It's just
    something between you and me, right?"

       I let that little hint sink in. I was making myself apart of her
    little sex conspiracy, and Debbie didn't have much choice but to
    accept me. I could tell by her long, thoughtful look that she
    realized what I was doing. And I could also tell that she didn't
    really mind. In fact, she seemed to be pleased!

       "Besides," I added softly, "you saw as much of me as I saw of you.
    And after all, I'm your big brother. You should trust me."

       I laid my hand on her leg. She shuddered a little, but did
    nothing to remove it.

       "Shit, Debbie," I added, "everybody does that. You're not the
    first girl that's ever played with herself, you know."

       I smiled knowingly, remembering the first time I watched Mom
    finger her pussy and use that hairbrush handle of hers on herself.
    Although with my hard young cock constantly available, Mom hardly
    needed that cold old thing anymore. Sis sat with her eyes down for a
    short time. Then she put her hand on my arm, the one that was on her
    thigh.

       "I don't know why I do it, Tommy. It makes me feel all funny
    inside. It feels good."

       "I know, Sis," I patted her thigh, then began to rub it softly.
    "It's a natural thing."

       I slid my hand up Debbie's thigh slowly, enjoying the wonderfully
    soft warmth of it. She stiffened again and her hand gripped my wrist
    convulsively, but she didn't really try to stop me. My heart was
    beginning to pound. I realized for the first time that I was finally
    going to get my hand in her panties. Maybe I'd get more!

       "Tommy," she said, her voice a little scared. "Please..."

       I didn't say anything, just kept stroking her thigh, moving my
    hand closer and closer to the edge of her panties. Debbie had my
    wrist in both hands, but made no move to either close her slightly
    parted legs or to back away across the bed.

       "Tommy, I'm scared," she pleaded.


                                 Part 7.

       I realized that she really was, and that if I didn't soothe her
    fears, she'd bolt. It was hard to think about anything but her hot,
    moist little pussy, though.

       "Don't be afraid, Sis. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm just going
    to do for you what you were doing to yourself the other night. Don't
    you think that'll be good?"

       She still wouldn't look up, but her breathing was deep and heavy.

       "Y...yes," she whispered.

       "Then relax, I can't do anything for you if you're all tight and
    tense."

       I reached out with my free hand and gently pushed her back on the
    bed. For a moment she resisted, then she lay back. My heart began to
    really pound. I knew then that it was finally going to happen.

       "Open your legs, Sis," I said softly. My voice was shaking.

       Her eyes were tightly closed, but Debbie slowly let her thighs go
    limp. Her legs were dangling over the side of the bed and had a kind
    of dead weight to them, but I got them apart with a little effort.
    And there she was, just as I'd fantasized at breakfast. Her panties
    pink and translucent, her thighs creamy and firm, her buttocks tight
    beneath her. Jesus! I almost creamed right there.

       Slowly, deliciously, I let my hand slide down between her legs.
    She was so smooth, so soft. The flesh under her panties felt utterly
    hairless, although I knew there was a soft almost invisible blonde
    down covering her tiny mound.

       Debbie sucked in her breath as my fingers crept beneath the hem
    of her panties, but she still made no move to stop me. She was
    trembling a little, but seemed to be controlling herself well. I knew
    from prior experience with Mom that this was going to be awkward with
    her panties on, so I slid my fingers out and patted her on the pussy.

       "Lift your ass up, Sis."

       She raised herself a little, pushing off the floor with her
    tiptoes. I reached up beneath her and slid the flimsy little garment
    down off her butt. As it slid over her cunt I got my very first
    close-up look at her juvenile cunt. Close up, it was even more
    intriguing than seen in dim light across a room.

       The soft down I had observed before became a light dusting of
    incredibly fine hairs, all pointing downward and inward, as if
    showing the way. And the mound that rose off her belly and sloped
    down between her thighs became two tight, puffy lips guarding her
    pubescent young slit.  And out of the top of the slit protruded the
    tiniest flap of flesh, like a little fold. And deeper down, unseen as
    yet, I knew that there was a hole that led inside.

       Mom's cuntlips were hairy and gaping and constantly wet, whereas
    Debbie's were tightly closed and hairless... a fleshy doorway into
    all the forbidden delights of my horny imaginings. Down there, deep
    inside her virgin slit, was my little sister's cunthole... and I was
    about to get into it!

       As I slid her panties off, Debbie gave a little moan. "Don't hurt
    me, Tommy! Don't hurt me!"

       "I won't, Sis!  I'll be careful."

       It was an idle promise. I knew what to do, alright. Shit, I'd been
    fucking Mom for months. But Sis was a virgin and I didn't really know
    how to avoid hurting her. In fact, until she spoke, I hadn't even
    considered that it might hurt her to be fucked for the first time. I
    decided to proceed with caution so as not to ruin her mood, OR my
    chances.

       Gently, I began to stroke and fondle her pussy, using my whole
    hand. I didn't try to go inside her cunt just yet because I knew I'd
    have to build up to that slowly. Debbie began to moan a little, not
    in fear exactly, but in excitement, as though she were off in the
    same sort of dream world she'd been in the night I'd caught her
    masturbating. She twisted back and forth on the bed a little, rocking
    her shoulders up and down, up and down. The motion drew the fabric of
    her dress tight across her little titties, outlining them, first one,
    then the other.


                                 Part 8.

       I could feel myself getting hard, my cock stretching painfully
    inside my shorts, but I was afraid to stop stroking my sister's pussy
    for fear she might make me stop. So I just tolerated the pain and
    kept on with my stroking. I had my hand laid flat on her pussy, palm
    down, with my fingers pointing up her belly. Gradually, I began to
    rub a little harder, sliding my hand first down between her legs,
    then up over her mound, pressing down with the heel of my hand as she
    thrust up to meet me. I could feel the heat and moisture building
    between her thighs and knew I was making progress.

       Then I began to press harder with my middle finger, so that it
    slid inside her slit a little way each time my hand went down into
    the darkness between her thighs. She had spread her legs pretty wide
    by now, and I had grabbed the nearest one with my free hand, holding
    it open. That didn't seem to scare her, so I dragged her skinny legs
    wider apart, simultaneously letting my probing middle finger slide
    down until its tip actually entered her cuntslit. God, what a tight,
    hot little fuckhole she had! I couldn't wait to get my cock in there!

       I could feel the wetness of her, kind of thick and sticky, and a
    constriction. There seemed to be a ring of muscle or something just
    inside her hole. Christ! It's her cherry, I thought. I'm gonna be the
    one to bust my little sister's fuckin' cherry! Sis gave a sudden
    gasp as my finger sunk into her tight cunthole a little more.

       "Be careful!" Debbie whispered. "That hurts."

       "Okay, okay!" I mumbled, unable keep the ragged edge out of my
    breath.

       A strange feeling was mounting in me. I didn't really care if I
    hurt her anymore. I didn't really care about anything except the
    feeling that was building in my body. It was something rough and...
    male, I guess. She was soft and willing and wet... and I just wanted
    to fuck her! With a single, swift motion I jabbed my finger deep into
    her pussy.

       Debbie arched her back, dug her fingers into my wrist and
    screamed. It was not too loud a scream, but it scared me shitless! I
    lunged on top of her, my finger still inside her cunt, and clamped my
    other hand over her mouth. She made muffled sounds and tried to push
    me away.  I stayed atop her, beginning to enjoy the feeling. We had
    always horsed around as kids, but it was never like this! I ground my
    hips and thighs against her body, humping my hard cock against her
    leg, my finger still manipulating her pussy.

       She was twisting and fighting and there were tears of pain and
    anger in her eyes, but she wasn't really trying to get free. She was
    humping back at me! She had parted her thighs completely and had
    pulled her knees up until her feet were on the bed, and was lifting
    her skinny butt against the push of my body and the insistent thrust
    of my finger in her clinging little cunthole. Then she bit my hand!
    I cursed and pulled my hand from her mouth.

       "Fuckin' Jesus, Sis! Why the fuck did you do that?"

       "I couldn't breathe, you dummy! Besides, you're hurting me. Take
    your finger out!"

       "I promise not to hurting you again, Sis" I said comfortingly.
    "You really like it, don't you?"

       "No! Take your finger out before I scream again."

       "What if I just leave it in and don't wiggle it around too much?
    Would you mind that?"

       "I..I don't think so."

       "Okay. How's this?"

       "That feels better. But don't poke it in so hard! You hurt too
    much."

       I started sliding my finger in and out of her cunt in a nice slow
    rhythm. "Better?"

       "Mmmmmm, yes. That feels all right."

       "If you'll spread your legs a bit more and pull 'em up further,
    I can get in and out without having to stretch you so much."


                                 Part 9.

       Debbie opened her thighs like she was doing the splits and drew
    her knees back almost inline with her tits. Her tiny, hairless cunt
    looked like a vertical mouth around my finger and it felt like the
    mouth was sucking on it. God, I couldn't wait to fuck her!

       "Yeah. That's good, Sis."

       The ache between my legs was getting intolerable. I felt that I
    had to do something about my bent cock or it was going to break off.
    I shifted my weight off Debbie and withdrew my finger. She gasped.

       "What are you doing, Tommy?"

       "Nothing... Hey! Keep your legs up!"

       Debbie obediently raised her knees once more, then dropped them
    again as I reached for my zipper.

       "Oh, no! You're not going to do it to me!"

       I shook my head.

       "Don't worry.  I'm just trying to get my pecker straight. It's
    hard and it hurts, all bent up like this. Look!"

       I pulled out my prick and showed her how hard and red and swollen
    it was. Her little eyes went wide and her mouth dropped open. It took
    her a while to compose herself before she answered.

       "Well, okay. But don't think you're going to sneak that thing into
    me! I read in a book about that, and you're not going to make me
    pregnant, Tommy!"

       I shook my head without looking up, my attention still on
    straightening out my aching prick.

       "Course not, Sis. What would I do if I got you pregnant? They'd
    throw me in jail for a thousand years, right?"

       "I guess so."

       "Well, I'm not about to go to jail for the rest of my life, just
    for knocking my sister up."

       With that, I eased my hand out of my pants and moved back on the
    bed. I did it casually, as though my little problem were solved and
    I was getting back to the fun and games at hand. But that wasn't how
    it was, not at all!  While up, I had stuffed my shorts down under my
    balls and had left the button open on the top of my jeans, so that
    now my stiff and throbbing cock lay up free against my belly, with
    nothing more than a quick tug on my zipper needed to let it spring
    out, ready for action.

       I lowered myself onto Debbie again with my hand palming her cunt.
    I was really turned on by the sight of her pink little ass turned up
    toward me like that. It was like some sort of little surprise package
    opening up just for me. Her hairless little slit looked like two fat
    pink lips with a tiny pink tongue peeking out between them. She was
    gorgeous!

       I dropped my weight onto her body and felt her spread her thighs
    a bit more to accommodate me. My finger was once more sliding into
    her crevice, but this time she didn't object, and this time there was
    no resistance. The inside of her pussy was sticky-wet and kind of
    greasy. Like it had just had a lube job. Well, I decided, no sense in
    wasting it.

       I began to finger her more deeply, not poking as I had before, but
    moving in and out with a definite rhythm, as I'd watched her doing to
    herself the other night. It had seemed to arouse her then, and I
    figured it would arouse her now. I was right... it did. She began to
    moan under me and her hands clutched at my back restlessly, as they
    had clutched at her own tits when she had masturbated. I decided
    that would be a good idea too, so I began to knead her little
    peach-sized titties with my free hand. That really got to her.

       "Ooohhhhh yes, Tommy! That's good. Do that some more!"

       "Open your gown. I can't get at you with your gown closed."

       Debbie squirmed under me awkwardly and parted the fabric of her
    nightie. I would have ripped it off in five seconds if it was Mom I
    was restling with, she liked me to get a little rough with her
    sometimes. But Debbie would probably have freaked out if I tried
    anything like that with her, so I just let her do it herself.
    Finally, Debbie's the gown lay rumpled beneath her with only her
    arms still in it, and her slim, firm body was naked under me.

       "Wait a minute," I said, fumbling with my shirt.

       "What are you doing?"

       "Taking off my shirt. I want to feel your tits against me."

       "Just your shirt, Tommy. Don't try to take your pants off!"

       "Right. Just the shirt."


                                 Part 10.

       I made a big production of removing the garment especially of
    getting it out of the waistband of my jeans. What I didn't make a
    production over was the fact that pulled my zip down almost halfway
    in the process. I was now naked to the waist, with my prick bare down
    half its length, laying atop my hot and skinny sister's totally nude
    body. Wow!

       I lay back down full length on Debbie, the heat of her body like a
    perfume against my skin. My hand in her cunt served to conceal the
    throbbing cock that now lay bared above her steaming slot. There was
    nothing between her pussy and my prick but that hand. And it wasn't
    an immovable object. It could... and damned sure would... be moved at
    the first sign of opportunity knocking! I know I'd promised her I
    wouldn't try to put my prick in her, but hey... promises, schmomises!
    All's fair in love and giving your little sister her first length of
    cock!

       As though it were the most natural thing in the world, Debbie's
    mouth drifted over mine and we kissed. Brother and sister. But it
    didn't feel like anything but a girl and boy. No strain of
    recrimination hung between us. It was right and natural and
    beautiful. Debbie whimpered softly, deep in her throat, and her mouth
    opened wide. I slid my tongue deep into her mouth.

       She tasted different to Mom... kinda fresh. Yeah, that's the word.
    Fresh and husky and animal, all at once. Her tongue was soft and
    moist and sticky, and it felt like something I was supposed to have,
    all for my own. And the things it did to my belly you wouldn't
    believe. It made my muscles know, and it made me want to take her,
    like when I'd jammed my finger up her cunt and hurt her a little. It
    made me want to fuck her, right there, right then.

       Apparently it had a similar effect on Debbie. As my tongue slipped
    between her teeth, her body arched up against mine and her hands
    clawed at my back. I could feel the tenseness of her abdominal
    muscles bunched beneath her skin, as though demanding that I do
    something to ease their plight. So I decided!

       With sly little movements I began to hump and wriggle on top of
    her, moving my legs and body back and forth over her. I squeezed at
    her tit and sucked at her tongue until she was in a little frenzy,
    moaning and drawing heavy breaths beneath me. All the time, I worked
    my finger back and forth, deeper and deeper, churning the inside of
    her tight little cunt to a wet jelly.

       Carefully, I slid another finger into her tiny hole, then another,
    amazed at the way it stretched so easily to admit my fingers. She
    gasped and tried to clench her thighs for an instant, then relaxed
    and made little gurgling noises. Now, I had the three fingers spread
    a little, feeling the hard, rubbery constriction of her cherry just
    inside her slit giving and stretching each time. Debbie cried in pain
    each time I stretched it, but kept her legs up and wide.

       I concentrated on her erect clit, rubbing and massaging the
    sensitive little bud until Debbie began to really hunch her pussy up
    at my hand and rotate her ass, grinding her cuntmound against my
    fingers as she whimpered with pleasure. Then, I made my move!

       With my own breath coming hard and fast and my mouth dry and gummy
    with excitement, I backed my body off a couple of inches and let my
    cock slide into my palm. I let it lay there and began easing my body
    back down, timing my forward movements to coincide with the inward
    thrust of my fingers into my sister's slit.

       On each forward thrust, I let my prick slide further and further
    forward in my hand until at last, in one electric moment, I felt the
    damp warmth of the outside of her cunt brush against the head of my
    cock. I humped slowly in and out a couple of strokes, happy that she
    didn't seem to notice my cock against her pussy yet, but worried
    that she might notice it any second and leap screaming from the bed.
    But I was determined to prevent the latter occurrence, at whatever
    cost. And meanwhile I was going to get as far as I could before she
    found out what was happening. I spread my three fingers a little
    more and heard her gasp in pain.

       "Not so wide, Tommy! That really hurts," she said.

       I slid my cock a bit further in, between my fingers and then
    removed them completely leaving behind the head of my prick, now
    firmly wedged into the entrance of her tiny, wet slit!

       For a moment she sighed with pleasure. Then she stiffened.

       "Tom, no!..  Tommy! Get it out of me! Take it out!"

       "Relax, Sis. It's not hurting you, is it?"

       "That doesn't matter. You take it out of me this instant!"


                                 Part 11.

       Her gasp had come as I began to come down with my hips and to put
    some weight behind the blunt rod that parted her tight little
    cuntlips. It had moved inside another inch or so and was straining
    against the ring of constricting tissue inside her. Her cherry was
    was taut and quivering, now, as though on the edge of tearing.

       "Oh, Tommy! Please take it out of me. It hurts bad. You're
    hurting me!"

       "It won't hurt for long, Deb", I promised, not knowing if that was
    true or not, and not really caring. My cock was halfway into the
    hottest, tightest little cunt I'd ever fucked and I wasn't about to
    give up now.

       All through her protests, Debbie kept her legs up and drawn apart,
    her skinny young thighs lewdly spread. She was trying to fend my
    advances off with feeble pushes of her hands and with tossings of her
    head. But she had made no real moves to make me stop at all. I
    realized that if she really wanted me to quit, all she had to do was
    bring her legs down by sliding her ass back. I might have been able
    to hold her down physically. But I couldn't have done that and still
    kept my cock in her. I realized then that a whole lot of what got
    called "rape" must be a real crock. So I just ignored her cries and
    protests and concentrated on the hot little slot between her legs.
    The heat of it was drawing me inside her like an irresistible magnet.

       I bore down with my hips, grinding my pelvis harder and harder
    into Debbie's body and pushing my cock with ever-demanding force into
    her 12-year-old cunt. She was serious now about trying to get me to
    stop. I was hurting her for real. But I paid no heed to her pleas and
    demands, nor to the fingers that were clawing my back and leaving
    thin, bloody weals in the skin. I ignored the attempts to close her
    thighs, blocking them with my hips. And as she tried to lower her
    ass and scoot out from under under the hard, bright pain that was
    invading her belly, I grabbed her ass in both hands and dragged it
    upward to keep her from slipping out from under me.

       So, as my naked little sister cried and writhed under me, I pulled
    her body upward and jammed my cock into her cunt until there was a
    tearing feeling, a short, harsh cry, and I was through. For a
    frightening instant, I thought that I had really hurt her. I knew I'd
    busted her cherry, of course. But, in the back of my mind, I was
    afraid that maybe I'd done something serious.

       However that thought lasted only a second. I was so excited at
    finally getting my cock inside my little sister's virgin cunt, that
    even in my fear and Debbie's obvious pain, I kept humping slowly in
    and out... and to my utter delight, Sis began returning the motion!
    After a minute, I felt a warm trickle between my legs and knew
    instinctively that it was blood. And I also sensed, somehow, that
    this was all right, that things were as they should be.

       So I kept pushing, driving slowly and a bit tenderly into my
    12-year-old sister's cunt. And Debbie responded. She had stopped
    crying now and was just drawing deep, ragged breaths. She had laid
    her head to the side, closed her eyes, and let her body go limp. Her
    arms were on the bed, palms up, and her thighs slowly slowly fell
    away sideways until they, too, were all but flat on the bedspread.
    She was utterly, completely lost in the sensations and feelings she
    was experiencing. She was in a state of total sensual abandon.

       My cock was penetrating her little cunt only about halfway, but it
    felt so good! Sis was as tight as a clenched fist but nice and hot
    and slippery. I was in seventh heaven. The roof could have fallen in
    about then and wouldn't have missed a beat. I was humping away at
    full blast, trying to be careful not to hurt her too much yet still
    trying to get my prick as far into her cunt as I could, just as fast
    as I could.

       I thrust and jammed until I was all the way into the vice-like
    grip of Debbie's hot, wet hole. She was so tight, it almost made me
    shoot off straight away, but months of fucking Mom had taught me how
    to control my orgasms a bit better than the average
    sixteeen-year-old, and I managed to hold off, while still giving Sis
    the hot fucking she so obviously desired.

       I lowered my mouth to Debbie's little tit and began to suck
    hungrily at her nipple. She moaned loudly, but with pleasure this
    time. I felt her hands come back up and caress me, one on my
    scratched back and one on the back of my head. I began to suck a
    little harder and to bite at the hard little nipple just a bit. I
    could tell that she really loved it because her grip on my hair was
    tighter and her thighs began to twitch. I knew she was responding to
    her instinct the same as I was, but it excited me immensely to know
    that she was really beginning to enjoy her very first fuck.


                                 Part 12.

       As I pounded harder and harder, Debbie responded in kind, lifting
    her hips up at me each time I lunged into her, grinding her cuntmound
    hard against the base of my thick cockshaft. I slid my hands off her
    ass and down her thighs until I could raise them again to their
    original position, butt high and knees against her body. This slid
    my mouth off her nipple and up to her neck, and she turned her own
    lips down to meet mine, so that we were locked into one another, lip
    to lip and cock to cunt. I loved fucking like this with Mom, and now
    I was doing it to my snotty little sister, except she wasn't snotty
    anymore, she was a sexy little minx who couldn't get enough of my
    cock!

       Debbie lowered her own hands from my head and back and slid them
    over my ass. I almost creamed on the spot when grabbed a handful of
    each of my cheeks and began to knead the hard muscle beneath them.
    She was actually pulling my hips forward as I fucked her, grinding
    her juice-filled little cunt up against my deeply imbeded prick and
    moaning like a pro. It was hard to believe that she'd never done it
    before. She was a natural!


       "Uhhhhh, yeahhhh, Deb!" I grunted, "I'm fucking you, Sis! I'm
    fucking your hot, little cunt!"

       "MMMmmmmm! I love it!", moaned Debbie, "Fuck me, Tommy! Fuck me
    hard!"

       And that was all I could take. Everything went red with a heat of
    lust. I pounded into her savagely, feeling her body flatten beneath
    each brutal thrust.  I jammed it on until nothing existed in my world
    but the hypnotic and ever-building tempo of my ass and cock. I could
    feel nothing, hear nothing, see nothing outside that red and
    all-consuming universe bounded by my cock and Debbie's body. I fucked
    and fucked while the male juices swelled my nuts. I gripped Sis by
    the thighs with force enough to leave bruises for weeks, though that
    didn't matter to me at all just then. I sobbed and gritted my teeth
    at the need and the drive of it all. Sweat and saliva mingled on the
    bed beneath us and my-own juices mixed with my sister's until we
    flowed one into the other in a moment of hot incestuous passion.

       And in an achingly sweet final instant, I came into Debbie in all
    the gushes and rivers of young male potency. My sperm flowed like a
    river of fire, filling her tiny, bulging cunt and spilling down the
    crack of her pert little ass.  I came and came and came. When it was
    over, neither of us could move. We lay wrapped in each other's arms
    while the sweat chilled on us and the late afternoon sun turned the
    room to butter.

       Then, faintly, faintly, I heard a small sound. I opened my eyes
    and looked across Debbie's restive face. There, in the doorway, which
    I too, had forgotten to close, stood Mom, and she was smiling!

       Talk about blow your mind. There I was, naked on top of my
    twelve-year-old sister, with my prick still in her cunt, sperm and
    cunt-juice running down her ass, and my mother is standing at the door
    looking at us with a grin on her face. Jesus Christ!  Then again, I
    guess we must have made quite a picture, what with Debbie's legs
    cocked up and spread wide, my big ass like twin coconuts between
    them, and my balls swinging down and brushing the bed.



                                 Part 13.

       Mom just stood there looking at us for a minute as if she was a
    bit indecisive as to what to do. Finally she put her finger up to her
    lips, gave me a conspiratorial wink and quietly backed out of the
    room, closing the door. Sis opened her eyes and saw me staring at the
    door.

      "Tommy? What's wrong?"

       I shook my head.

       "Um... nothing, Sis. Nothing."

       I pulled my limp prick out of her cunt and reached for a towel to
    wipe up the mess. More goo leaked out as I put pressure on her puffy,
    reddened little cuntlips.

       "Did you like it, Sis?"

       "Mmmmmmm, yes! I loved it, Tommy! If I knew it felt this good I'd
    have let you do it to me sooner!"

       I grinned at Deb and stroked her pussy.

        "You gonna let me fuck you again, Sis!?", I asked hopefully.

        "Sure!", she said flinging her little arms around my shoulders.
    "You can do it to me anytime you like, Tommy!"

        "It's called, fucking, Sis!" I said, kissing her on the lips.
    "Say it.. Say, `I just got fucked!'"

        Debbie giggled shyly and lowered her lashes.

        "I just got fucked", she murmured.

        "You sure did, babe!", I grinned back. "You're one hell of a good
    fuck too... for a kid."

        "Am I?" she smiled brightly. "How do you know? Who have you done
    it... er.. fucked before, Tommy?"

        "Never mind, Sis", I said, dodging the question. "We'd better get
    dressed now in case Mom comes home early."

        "But we'll hear her pull in."

        "No we won't. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if her car's out
    in the driveway now!"

        With a swift look of consternation, Debbie flung herself across
    her bed and parted her curtains.

        "Oh, God! She IS home, Tommy!"

        "I know. Better get dressed, kiddo!"

        Debbie began to wriggle into her panties as fast as she could,
    giving a tiny cry as she noticed the bloodstains on her thighs.
    I helped her wipe them off and opened the door for her to slip
    quickly up the hallway to the bathroom. I heard the shower go on
    seconds later as I walked towards the kitchen.

        Mom was at the sink, fixing dinner. She smiled at me over her
    shoulder when I came up behind her and pressed my crotch up against
    her ass from behind.

        "Have fun?" she grinned.

        "Yeah! But I could still go a round with you before dinner, Mom",
    I said, kissing her neck.

        "What? You want more, straight after fucking your sister? The way
    you two were going at it I'm surprised you have enough energy to
    walk... Was she good, honey?"

        "Yeah, she was great! But not as good as you, Mom!", I grinned,
    squeezing her big tits through her silk blouse.

        "Oh, yo sweet-talking thang!", giggled Mom, in her best
    imitation southern drawl."

        I turned her around and kissed her hotly, pulling her towards me
    by the ass. Mom squirmed her cuntmound up against my prick. When she
    felt it harden she broke the kiss and reached down to squeeze me
    through my jeans.

        "God, baby! I've never seen you recover so fast! You'll have to
    fuck your little sister more often if this is the result," Mom
    smiled.

        "I fully intend to, Mom," I replied, "I fully intend to!"



                                 Part 14.

        Just then, Debbie came out of the shower and Mom and I
    automatically moved apart guiltily as we'd always done. This time
    however the situation was different and we gave each other a knowing
    smile. Mom played her part to perfection, never letting on for a
    second that she had seen us. Debbie looked different somehow, older
    perhaps, more radiant... happier, I don't know, whatever it was it
    made her look gorgeous and incredibly sexy in a fresh, young kind of
    way. All I knew was that I couldn't wait to fuck her again!

        As we ate dinner, Debbie kept giving me quick, secret smiles.
    Once when Mom left the room for a moment, Sis leaned over the table
    and whispered, "I'll leave my door open tonight, Tommy." She gave me
    a wanton little grin, and without waiting for an answer or even a
    reaction, went back to innocently eating her food just as Mom returned.

       We watched some TV after dinner with me and Mom on the couch and
    Sis in her usual spot on the carpet in front of us. My eyes kept
    wandering up between Debbie's parted thighs, thinking of the ripe
    hairless little pussy which bulged erotically under her tight little
    panties and how good it had felt wrapped snugly around the thickness of
    my plunging cock. I got an instant erection. Mom noticed and reached down
    to squeeze the bulge in my crotch.

       "She's got a cute little ass, hasn't she, honey?", whispered Mom.

       "Yeah! And an ever cuter cunt, Mom," I whispered back, giving
       Mom's left tits a quick squeeze.

       "Are you going to her room tonight?", smiled Mom.

       "You're not getting jealous, are you Mom?" I asked, sliding my
       hand up under her short skirt to cup her hot mound.

       "Nope. If you can still get it up for your horny old mom whenever
    I want it, I don't mind if you give your little sister a little too,
    honey. I might even join you"

       "What?", I said almost a little too loudly. "What do you mean?"

       "Nothing much!", said Mom coyly. "You aren't the only one in this
    household who thinks your sister has a cute little ass, you know."

        I was dumbfounded. I knew my mom was a very horny woman, Shit I'd
    been fucking her almost every day now for months, but the thought
    that she'd be attracted to other women or girls had never entered my
    mind. It certainly was now though! I pictured myself with Mom and
    Debbie in the same bed and my cock twitched. The possibilities were
    endless, especially if Debbie could be persuaded to have sex with Mom
    too!

        "Okay, Mom! Leave it to me. Maybe I can talk Sis into a threesome
    with you after I fuck her tonight."

        "I've got a better idea, darling," said Mom stroking her fingers
    the length of my cock. "Why don't you come to my room first, that way
    you'll have the edge taken off when you fuck your sister again. A man
    always lasts longer and gives the girl more pleasure if he's had an
    orgasm or two beforehand."

       "Okay, Mom," I whispered, "It's a deal, I'll be in as soon as Sis
    goes to bed."

       "I'll be waiting, lover", Mom said, sticking her tongue in my ear.
    She gave me a hot, sexy look and got up and went into the kitchen to
    check on the dishwasher.

       It was two or three hours before Sis went to bed. She made a big
    show about parading in and out of the bathroom for her shower in a
    thin little nightie with her robe open over it. Every time she moved,
    the transparent nightie pressed against her tits and pussy and
    showed everything she had. Hell, she wasn't even wearing any panties!

       Whenever Mom wasn't looking, Deb would give me one of those looks
    and wiggle her ass or something. Knowing I was going to get to fuck
    her hot little twelve-year-old slot again later tonight was an
    incredible turn-on. I had a constant erection all night, much to both
    Mom and Debbie's delight.

       Finally, at ten o'clock, Sis went to her room. She threw me a
    last, secret look as she went, as though to remind me that she would
    be awake and waiting. I winked at her and watched her cute little ass
    wiggle up the hallway. `Keep it hot for me, little sister', I thought
    to myself.

       Soon after, Mom took a quick shower and headed off to her
    bedroom. I gave her a couple of minutes and then followed, my cock
    still as hard as ever in my pants.


                                Part 15.

       Mom was waiting for me in her bed. As always she was totally
    naked. Her eyes dropped immediately to my bulging crotch as I
    entered the room and locked the door behind me.

       "Why, Tommy," she giggled sexily. "I don't think that's a banana
    in your shorts, is it? You've got a hard-on. Come over here and let
    Mommy take care of that nasty ol' swelling for you."

       I grinned and pulled off my clothes, watching as Mom spread her
    legs to show me her pussy. It was wet and glistening and the slit was
    bright pink and oozing cunt-cream. I guessed she had been playing
    with herself while she waited, keeping her hot, horny pussy on the
    boil for me. As I undressed Mom wiggled her ass shamelessly on the bed
    and spread her legs even wider.

       "Hurry up, baby!" she smiled wantonly, "I want to suck your cock
    before you do me."

       "Okay, Mom!" I laughed. "You're the boss!"

       Mom dropped her hand between her legs and giggled lewdly as she
    dipped a finger into her juicy, hair-lined cuntslit. As my cock
    sprang free, Mom moaned and reached for it like a starving woman. She
    wrapped her long cool fingers around the shaft and started to jerk
    her fist up and down the hot throbbing length of it in a slow,
    familiar rhythm.

       I slid my hand up Mom's slender, shapely thigh and we both
    shuddered as I began to caress her prominent pussy-lips with my
    fingers. She must have been masturbating for quite a while before I
    came in because her cunt was real gooey and swollen with lust. Mom
    grimaced with intense pleasure as I straightened my middle finger and
    pressed it into the clasping interior of her cunt.

       "Ohhhhhhh, Tommy! That's it baby!" she groaned, wiggling her ass
    excitedly. "Why don't you pump it in and out a little. That always
    gets me so hot!"

       "I think you're hot enough already" I grinned, finger-fucking
    Mom's tight, clinging fuck-hole with practiced ease.

       "Mmmmmmmmm, God! Deeper! Fuck it in deeper, honey!", she moaned,
    jerking on my cock real hard.

       I eagerly complied, pumping my finger in and out of Mom's upthrust
    and squirming pussy, feeling her tight fucking muscles sucking
    juicily around the length of my finger. Mom gasped and started
    humping her ass feverishly off the bed.

       "Uhhhhhh, Jesus!" she moaned. "God, I'm so hot! Please, baby,
    would you lick my pussy for me? Please lick it for Mommy, Tommy.
    Mommy's horny little pussy needs to cum!"

       I didn't need to be asked twice. I loved sucking my mother's cunt,
    especially when she was as hot and horny as she was right now. I
    twisted round and buried my face between her legs. Mom's whole body
    started shaking as I avidly started licking and lapping, digging my
    tongue deep up inside her buttery cunt-slit. Mom dropped her hands to
    my head, pulling my hair, holding me in position as she humped her
    ass off the bed, grinding her drooling cunt right into my face.

       "Yes, Tommy!" she cried, as her pussy grew wetter and wetter.
    "Lick Mommy's pussy, honey! Ohhhhh, that's sooooo good! Lick it good
    for me, darling. Mommy's pussy needs a good, hard cum!"

       I licked and sucked at her cunt hungrily, slicing my tongue up and
    down between the swollen, drippy folds of my mom's musky-smelling
    pussy-slit.

       My mouth made little kissing, slurping sounds as I tongued up her
    fuck-oils, loving the familiar taste of my mother's ripe, hairy
    snatch. Mom thrust her hand down and opened her cunt-slit with her
    fingertips.

       "Tommy, oh, fuck, stick your tongue in deep!" she gasped, hunching
    her hips up of the bed as I did as she requested.

       I rammed my stiffened tongue into Mom's hot fuck-hole as far as I
    could, knowing how much she enjoyed it when I tongue-fucked her.
    Every now and again I'd flick her clit with the tip of my tongue
    before slithering it back down into her juice-filled hole.

       "Ooooohh, Jesus yessss, lick my clit!", hissed Mom, unable to
    stand the irresistible tingling of her swollen little fuck-bud.
    "Please, baby, it's so hot and swollen. My little clit's throbbing,
    Tommy. Please lick it for Mommy. Oh, fuck, ohhhhh, please, I need to
    cum so much!"


                                Part 16.

       I moved my lapping tongue higher up her pussy, thrusting it hard
    against her erect clit. Mom bucked as if she'd been shot, her pretty
    face contorting with pleasure, digging the fingernails of her left
    hand into the back of my neck.

       "Uuuuuuh, fuck! Suck it!" she gasped, her voice quavering with
    lust "Suck my fucking clit you gorgeous little bastard! Oh, yes, oh,
    fuck... Suck my pussy, Tommy! I'm gonna cum so hard! I'm gonna cum
    any second!"

       I wrapped my lips around my mother's burning, tingling clit,
    sucking gently but forcefully, tugging on it with my mouth as my
    tongue massaged the underside. I pushed two fingers up her pussy and
    started finger-fucking her cunt, pumping my knuckles against the
    puffy, hairy outer lips of her pussy. Mom clawed my neck and arched
    her back.

       "I'm cumming!" she moaned. "Unh! Unngggghhh! Suck your mother,
    Tommy! Oh, fuck, oh, shit, I'm cumming now! Suck me, suck my cunt!!!
    I'mmmmm Cuuummmiiinnngggg!"

       My fingers were dripping with oozing cunt-juice as I kept jacking
    off Mom's spasming, throbbing pussy, sucking hungrily on her clit.

       "Oh, Tommy!" Mom shuddered, finally pushing my head away. "Oh,
    thank-you darling, that was a big one, baby!"

       "I noticed, Mom!" I grinned.

       I sat back, looking into my mother's lust-glazed eyes as I licked
    her fuck-juice from my mouth.

       Mom moaned and looked down at my crotch, her mouth watering as she
    imagined herself bobbing her face on my crotch, shamelessly fucking
    her face with her own son's stiff prick.

       "Oh, Tommy, you've really got a hard-on now, don't you?" Mom
    purred. Teasingly she dropped her bare foot to my crotch, rubbing my
    throbbing cock-shaft with her toes. "It's really hard now, isn't it,
    baby? Would you like Mommy to give you some relief?"

       I grinned and nodded swiftly. Mom smiled and slid between my legs,
    kneeling on the bed with her gorgeous naked ass in the air. At times
    like these I always wish there were two of me so I could fuck her
    upraised cunt or ass while she blew me. Mom looked up into my eyes
    and grinned lewdly.

       "Mommy's going to give you a cocksucking you're going to remember
    for a long, long time."

       "Do it, Mom!" I growled. "Suck the cum out of my fuckin' prick!"

       I sprawled back, pushing my hips up at Mom's face. Her fingers
    trembled with incestuous passion as she wrapped her right hand around
    the fat root of my prick, jacking my hard-on slow and hard. She
    groaned as she watched my piss-hole open up to emit sticky white
    drops of precum. Her pumping fist quickened. More spunk oozed out,
    coating my flared, puffy cock-knob with a shiny coating of jism.

       "Your prick is leaking, baby," Mom purred.

       "Lick it up, Mom!" I groaned.

       "I will, if you promise to give me a nice big bellyful of cum?"

       "Yes, oh, yes!" I gasped. "For God's sake just suck my cock!"

       "All right, baby... "

       Her words drifted into a low whimper of lust as Mom dropped her
    head, pursing her lips on the cum-leaking tip of my prick in a lewd,
    sucking kiss. I gasped with pleasure, my cock pulsating wildly in her
    hand. Mom gradually let her lips part wider and wider, making wanton
    little slurping sounds as she sucked in the swollen inches of my
    long, hard prick.

       "Oh, Mom!" I panted, looking down at her in awe and lust, seeing
    how wide my mom's mouth was stuffed with the thickness of my
    fuckpole. "That feels good! Suck it for me, Mom! Suck my fuckin'
    prick!"


                                Part 17.

       Mom paused with over a third of my erection in her mouth. It
    seemed that she was on the verge of choking herself with my fuckmeat.
    I watched her shut her eyes, concentrating on the taste and feel of
    my prick. Her nostrils flared. Then she started sucking my cum-oozing
    cock extremely hard, slurping and gurgling noisily, puckering her
    cheeks to increase the suctioning pressure around my prick.

       "Jesus, Mom!" I yelped. I clutched her head, curling my fingers in
    her hair. "Suck it! Suck it hard, you gorgeous fuckin' cunt!!!"

       My hips jerked excitedly off the bed, fucking my cock between my
    mom's saliva-drooling lips.

       "Ohhhhh, Mom, that feels so good! Make me cum!"

       Eagerly, Mom began sucking on the pulsing stiffness of my
    cockshaft, laving my cock-knob lovingly with her swirling tongue. The
    precum oozed heavily out of my piss-hole now, and she made loud
    slurping, smacking sounds as she lapped it up. Mom's right hand
    tightened around the root of my cock, again commencing a pumping
    hand-job on the lower half of my prick. Soon she was jacking
    furiously on my enormous hard-on, encouraging the salty-tasting
    cock-sap to spew out of my fat, throbbing pisser.

       "Harder, harder!" I growled, my face contorted in ecstasy. "Oh,
    fuck, Mom, I'm gonna cum soon! Oh, shit, it feels so fucking good!"

       Mom sucked my prick as hard as she could, her whole face flushing
    brightly, as she abandoned herself to the obscene pleasure of
    incestuous cocksucking. Her right fist was a blur as it jacked my
    cockshaft, and she fondled my balls with her left. I held Mom's head
    tightly as I jerked my hips up off the bed, jamming my swollen
    cockhead down her gullet. Mom started to gag on the pulsing thickness
    of my engorged cock. Then the long-awaited shower of cum spewed out
    of the tip of my prick.

       It squirted and gushed into my mother's mouth, spattering across
    her tongue, bathing her tonsils in a fountaining load of rich, tasty
    cum. Mom made a wet gurgling sound of pleasure as she started
    swallowing as fast as she could, urgently gulping down the spurting
    mouthfuls of jizz. Again and again, my milky fuck-cream sprayed into
    her vacuuming mouth, making my young prick pulse and jerk with the
    force of my ejaculation.

       "Oh, baby!" purred Mom at last. When my cum juice had finally
    stopped spewing, she slid her hungry mouth off my cock. "You really
    gave Mommy a meal there, didn't you? I never even knew a man could
    hold so much cum in his balls!"

       "There's more where that came from, Mom" I grinned.

       "What about your sister?", smiled Mom devilishly. "Aren't you
    going to leave some for her?"

       "There's plenty to go around, Mom," I laughed, stroking my cock
    quickly back to hardness again.

       Mom fingered her cunt shamelessly as she stared hypnotically at my
    prick. It was staying nice and stiff, I thought proudly. More than
    stiff enough to fuck her horny cunt.

       "Lay back, honey!" said Mom, pushing me back into the pillows.
    "You're gonna have to conserve your energy tonight. Just lie there
    and let Momma do all the work, okay?"

       Who was I to argue? I just nodded, my cock pulsing more stiffly
    than ever at the thought of invading my mother's hot, juicy pussy
    once more. Mom wasted no time at all in straddling my hips, her tits
    jiggling as she planted her knees on the bed to either side of my
    chest. Mom reached between her slender thighs, eagerly taking hold of
    my cock. Then she wiggled her ass downward, groaning as she felt my
    cum-smeared cockhead push between the wet, swollen lips of her
    curly-haired cunt.

       "Oh, Tommy, I love your cock! It's so long and thick!" she gasped.

       She made sure my prick was securely embedded in her juicy pussy,
    then put her hands on my shoulders and hunched down. My cock slid
    into Mom's hot, slippery fuckhole to the balls.

       "Uhhhhhhhhh! Uuhhhmhmm!!", she moaned.

       I grabbed her asscheeks and ground my hips up at her, driving my
    cock even deeper into the tight, volcanic recesses of my mother's
    insatiable cunt. Mom went wild!

       "Yeahhh! Fuck! Ooohhhh, fuck! Fuck your mother, Tommy! Fuck my
    cunt!"", she began to chant.


                                Part 18.

       Feverishly she humped and wiggled her ass, sliding her clinging,
    sucking pussy down onto the upthrust length of my throbbing prick. I
    looked down, excitedly watching my veined cockshaft disappearing
    into the hairy slit of my mom's pussy. Mom grimaced as her pussy-hole
    stretched around my pummeling prick. It was all the way inside her,
    throbbing and twitching deep inside her tightly-stretched fuck-hole.

       "Oh, Tommy! God I love your cock!" she squealed.

       She held my shoulders tightly as she humped her ass in a feverish
    rhythm, sliding her tight little pussy rhythmically up and down my
    cock.

       "Ohhh, Jesus! Ohhh fuck yesssss!" hissed Mom, "Oh, darling, my
    cunt's so full! Uuuuhhh! Ram it up there, baby! Fuck my pussy and cum
    in my cunt!

       I slid my hands down her slender waist, clutching the peach-shaped
    globes of my mom's madly-humping ass. She was writhing and moaning as
    I jerked my hips up off the bed and thrust my freshly cum-swollen
    cock in and out of her clinging cunt.

       "Faster, Tommy! Fuck my pussy faster!"

       By then Mom was bucking her ass in a frenzy of passion, pounding
    her wet, swollen cunt onto my cock as hard as she could, a stream of
    obscenities spilling from her panting mouth.

       "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck Mommy's cunt, Tommy! Oh, fuck, your cock
    feels so good inside me! Come on baby, fuck my pussy as hard as you
    can!"

       I picked up the speed of my fucking, groaning with pleasure as I
    humped high and hard off the bed, ramming my cock up my mom's hairy
    pussy-hole as deeply as I could. The thought of squirting another
    load of sperm way up inside Mom's belly was driving me quickly
    towards orgasm. I reached up and grabbed her jiggling breasts,
    pulling her down onto my cock by her tits. Her nipples dug into the
    palms of my hand as Mom arched her back and rode my cock like a
    cow-girl riding a bucking bronco, stabbing her cunt faster and faster
    with the satisfying stiffness of my virile young prick.

       "Unnnnnnhhhggggghhhh, Jesus! I'm gonna cum!"

       Mom shuddered. She dropped her hand between her legs shamelessly
    rubbing her clit as my prick pounded into her cunt.

       "Harder, harder, harder! Fuck me, honey, fuck my pussy! Oh, Tommy,
    oh, shit, I'm getting so close! Fuck your mother, Tommy! Harder,
    harder, fuck Mommy's horny cunt!"

       Clutching her bucking asscheeks, I pounded my cum-aching cock into
    Mom's clasping pussy as hard as I could.

       "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! I'm cumming, Son! Fuck your mother!
    Mommy's cuuummmiiinnngggg!"

       "Me tooooooo, Mommmmmm!" I grunted, squeezing her big tits real
    hard.

       Her pussy spasmed violently, spewing fuck-juice all over the
    racing length of my cock. I kept fucking her cunt as hard as I could,
    gasping as a second load of jism exploded from my balls. It squirted
    deep inside my naked mother's pussy, deluging her saturated cunt with
    a squirting stream of jizz. Mom gasped in ecstasy as the white
    torrent gushed into her fuck-hole, penetrating deep up into her
    womb. She kept humping wildly on top of me, her cunt-muscles flexing
    wildly around my squirting cock.

       After a while, Mom rolled off me, her gorgeous naked body
    glistening with sweat and her tits heaving deliciously as she gasped
    for air. She looked over at me and smiled.

       "Think you'll have enough left for your sister, Baby?" she
    whispered.

       I pulled her hand down to my still-hard cock and wrapped her
    fingers around the sticky length of it.

       "What do you think, Mom?", I grinned.

       "I think you're going to give the poor girl the fucking of her
    life!", said Mom with a laugh. "Have a quick shower first though
    honey, otherwise Debbie is bound to notice my cunt-juice on your
    cock."

       "Okay, Mom," I said getting to my feet.

       I left her lying there, sprawled naked on her bed. She made a
    wanton sight with her legs spread wide and her cunt drooling sperm.
    It almost made me want to fuck her again, but I knew my hot little
    sister would be waiting and I was determined not to disappoint her.


                                Part 19.

       I took a quick shower and headed off to Debbie's room. As she
    promised her door was unlocked and I slipped inside. Her light was
    off so at first I thought she must have fallen asleep. Then I heard
    her whisper.

       "Is that you, Tommy?"

       "No Sis, it's the Big Bad Wolf!" I grinned. "Of course it's me,
    you dummy"

       Debbie turned the light on and gasped when she saw I was naked.

       "Ooooohhh, my goodness!" she smiled, "what a big thing you have,
    Mr. Wolf!"

       "All the better to fuck you with, my dear!" I replied, stroking my
    fist up and down the length of my cock.

       "Oh goodie!" giggled Debbie pulling aside the covers for me.

       I jumped right in and cuddled up to her, feeling my cock brush
    along her soft, warm thigh. My prick jerked like it had a life of its
    own. After coming twice with Mom you'd think that I'd have been
    fucked out by now ! But I wasn't. The feel of my little sister's
    body against mine soon had my cock stiffening up like a rock. It
    ached like sin, but somehow that just added a little to the thrill.

       I know it gets different as you get older, but it seems like when
    you're young, you can get it up any old time. I read a joke once that
    showed a young bull saying to an old bull, "Look at the all the cows,
    Pop. Let's run down the pasture and fuck one." And the old bull said,
    "Let's walk down the pasture, son, and fuck them all." Well, just
    then, I'd have believed that a young bull could run down the field
    and still fuck 'em all! And Sis was one hell of a cute looking young
    heifer. :)

       Debbie rolled on her side and threw her leg over my thighs. As it
    came in contact with my hardon she made a little mewling sound in her
    throat and began to rub her leg up and down, up and down against my
    cock. She had thrown her arm over me, too, and was gripping my
    shoulder tightly, using my body as a lever to rub herself into heat.
    The feel of Debbie's body against me was the last straw, I wanted to
    fuck her tight little cunt again so bad I could taste it!

       I reached around her with my free arm and grasped her by the firm
    little cheeks of her ass. I heard her catch her breath as my hands
    closed on her flesh. I could feel the nipples of her tiny tits
    hardening against my rib cage. With my other hand I caught the leg
    she had thrown over me behind the knee, dragging it further across
    and up my body so that her hairless little pussy mound was rubbing
    against my cock. I could feel the heat coming off her crotch like an
    oven. Boy, was she ever ready!

       "This is sure a change from when I fucked you on your bed, Sis."

       "I decided I liked it", she giggled. "It hurt when you stuck it
    in, but afterward it felt so good! I've never felt anything so good
    before. And I heard that after the first time, it doesn't hurt
    anymore. At least not much."

       "Well," I replied, "we'll soon see about that."

       As I ran my hands over her skinny young body, Debbie's breathing
    became deep and slow, relaxed and sensual. Her lips were against my
    ear and every now and then she would sort of give it a little kiss.
    Or more like a lick with the lips. I rolled up to face her, both of
    us on our sides. Our bodies were pressed together down their length.
    It was very comfortable, the way bodies are made to fit. All the
    places she curved in, I bulged out, you know. And the places where we
    pressed... belly, chest, knees, faces.. it felt like that was the
    perfect way to touch.

       I had my bottom arm all scrunched up under me and the other one
    pulling her close, running slowly up her back to her neck, then back
    down her spine to her ass, where I would pause and spread my fingers
    until they encompassed most of both cheeks. I did this in a slow,
    slow rhythm, and each time I reached her ass I'd pull her tighter and
    she'd press her pelvis hard into my belly so that her pussy ground
    against my cock. She had an arm tucked under her, too, and her free
    one was between us. She had slowly, shyly edged her hand down to
    rest on my belly, just above my pubic hair. Each time I ran my hand
    up her back and our bodies parted slightly, she would move her hand a
    little further down.


                                Part 20.

        This went on for a while until I hunched upwards showing her in
    no uncertain terms that I wanted her to touch my cock. Finally she
    made a bold thrust and grabbed my shaft in her hot little fingers.
    She let her breath out in a long sigh.

       "Jeeez, Tommy! You sure have a big one tonight."

       "It's no bigger than it was the other day."

       "It feels bigger."

       "You didn't feel it then. At least not with your fingers."

       "Yes, but my hole feels a lot smaller than your cock."

       "It feels that way to your finger. But it stretches."

       "Really?"

       "How would I have got it in at all, if your pussy didn't stretch?"

       Debbie continued to squeeze my prick as we did our slow grinding
    rhythm. Then she gave a little wiggle.

       "I guess you're right, Tommy. You sure know a lot about women."

       If only she knew that Mom was the one who had taught me. But I
    didn't think it was the right time to let Sis in on my other little
    family secret. I just nodded, knowingly.

       "Well, I know my share, Sis. You just relax, and I'll show you
    what it's all about."

       She snuggled up closer, throwing her leg over me again, and I
    pulled her against me even tighter. I wiggled my scrunched-up arm
    free and found her breast. She was wearing this little nightie thing
    and I had to twist and squirm a little to get my hand down the neck
    of it. She lifted and shifted her weight to help me and gave a little
    giggle when my fingers finally found her nipple. God, she had perfect
    little tits! I squeezed her nipple gently between thumb and forefinger,
    feeling it stiffen immediately.

       "Ohhhh, Tommy. That feels so good."

       I didn't reply. I just kept kneading her tit, rolling her nipple
    around with my fingers. Her breathing was rapid again and her breath
    was sweet against my face. Almost as if we were reading minds, our
    lips came together. It wasn't a deep, passionate kiss at first. We
    just sort of touched our open lips together and lay there exchanging
    breaths. Then I felt this tiny touch. It was her tongue, like a
    little bird, just brushing the inside of my mouth. Now, this will
    sound nutty, but that was the most exciting thing so far!

       Here was this fine, tight young body spread against me like butter
    on bread, with a hot pussy jamming against my cock, and the sexiest
    thing happening was her little tongue brushing the inside of my
    mouth. I knew my little sister wasn't experienced in sex, but I
    damned sure understood that message.

       I closed my mouth over hers and sucked her tongue into it, at the
    same time really grabbing her tit and pulling her body into mine. She
    stiffened up for a second, then just sort of... collapsed against me.
    Her lips opened slowly and her teeth parted to let my tongue jam into
    her throat. Her thighs relaxed and she sort of flowed against my cock
    like melting wax. Sis was ready to fuck, no question about it.

       Her hand still held my cock, and she was running her fingers up
    and down it lightly, keeping it nice and hard. I broke away and
    rolled her gently onto her back. She just lay there smiling, waiting
    for me to make my move. I got above her on my hands and knees, our
    bodies just touching.

       Debbie responded by wrapping her arms around me and opening her
    legs. Her nightie had bunched up just under her breasts, leaving her
    lower body bare. She wore no panties and the warm touch of her flesh
    was like an electric shock to me. I could barely keep from coming all
    over both of us right there.

       She was so firm! I could feel the muscles of her stomach
    contracting against my belly. And the muscles of her inner thighs
    were like taut bands beneath the damp skin. In spite of my
    excitement, there was a feeling of gentleness to the whole thing.
    Tenderness, almost. It made me want to just stroke her and pet her...
    to kiss her long and deeply. Gently, I lowered my weight on her and
    put my lips on hers. Debbie opened her mouth to receive me. We
    touched, melted together. My tongue moved hotly inside her mouth.


                                Part 21.

       I had my hands beneath her head, resting my weight on my elbows,
    which were placed at her sides. I felt her conical little tits
    pressed into my chest muscles, nipple to nipple. Debbie's hands
    caressed my back, moving like butterflies down from my shoulder
    blades to my ass. Her knees crept upward until she was gently
    gripping my buttocks with her thighs.

       Then she began to move against me, inexpertly, but not
    awkwardly, and I guided her with the same slow, beautiful rhythm we
    had used previously. Our mouths locked together... her sweet breath
    flowing into my body ... our hands exploring, finding the secret
    hollows and hills of each other's body ... my hard, throbbing cock in
    damp contact with her hairless cunt, sliding back and forth, up and
    down, seeking....

       And then, at just the right moment, in just the right way, my
    prick pressed against the moist lips of her pussy. There was a
    moment's resistance, then her little cunt opened to my insistent
    cock in gentle surrender, and I eased inside. Debbie gave a tiny
    moan. I stroked her cheek in reassurance. She drew her lips away from
    mine.

       "Oh, Tommy! It's so big!"

       "Does it hurt?"

       "No ... yes. But not too much. It's just... very big, that's all.
    It feels like it's splitting me, but I don't care. It's good, Tommy.
    Uhhhhhh, it's sooooo good!"

       Then, surrendering to her adolescent lust, Debbie sought my mouth
    again and kissed me with passion. My cock had slid slowly into her
    body as though it were seeking the roots of her being. It felt as if
    it would go on forever. Then I was all the way in. I could feel the
    tautness of her hairless crotch, stretched wide to accommodate me.
    And I could feel the interior of her pussy, a blunt presence against
    the head of my cock that was her womb.

       Debbie moaned again, and her hands fluttered against my back.
    Then she planted her feet on the bed and raised her pelvis to take
    the last bit of me into her. We clung like that a moment, then I
    began to withdraw, still slow and gentle, extracting every ounce of
    feeling from the beautiful experience of having my cock enveloped by
    my young sister's ultra-tight little cunt.

       Out and out I pulled, feeling her tiny cunt-lips clinging to my
    cock like a sucking little mouth. Out and out, while the juices
    flowed inside my sister to lubricate my passage. Out and out, as the
    heat of our passion became a fire in my stomach. Out and out, with
    my cock as hard as a rock and thicker than I had ever felt it. Out
    and out and out forever, it seemed.

       And then a pause as the lips of Debbie's tiny cunt ringed the head
    of my cock. We clung there to each other, lips caressing, while my
    cock poised almost out of her body. Then in again with the same slow
    rhythm... in, until it was impossible to fit anymore cock in that
    tight, bulging little thirteen-year-old pussy.

       I paused, enjoying the vice-like grip her tiny, pubescent cunt had
    on my turgid prick. But Debbie was beside herself with lust, and in
    no mood to wait while I savoured the moment.

       "Oh, don't stop, Tommy," she said, her voice shaking. "Fuck me,
    please ... fuck ... me ... now."

       I pulled out of her, watching her cuntlips pull out as they cling
    to the shaft of my cock. When just the head was clasped by her
    elastic little hole, Debbie put both her hands on my hips and pulled
    me down into her. Again my aching cock slid into tight, wet heaven!

       "Oohhh! Ohhhh!" she cried out, and pushed me back again. "God that
    feels good! You cock feels so big and thick inside me! But I love it!
    Move a bit faster, Tommy!"

       "Don't worry, Sis, I intend to!" I muttered, reaching down to grip
    her tiny asscheeks for leverage. Then I pushed my cock into her cunt
    with a single shove, causing her tits to jiggle with the force of my
    thrust. Deb whimpered and squirmed as I fucked her, lifting her legs
    up and locking them behind my ass as I rammed her hot, sucking cunt
    as hard as I could.

        "UNNGGHHHH! F...FUCK! FUCK!", she groaned, as I angled my cock
    into her like Mom had shown me. The upper surface of my prick rasped
    against her tiny clit with every stroke. Debbie immediately began to
    gasp and squirm, rolling and bucking her hips up at me like a bitch
    in heat. By the look on her pretty young face, she was already very
    close to cumming.

        "Go ahead, Sis, let yourself go," I said. "I like watching you
    come under me."


                                Part 22.

       Needing no encouragement, Sis twisted and bounced under me,
    grinding her deeply-impaled pussy up at my pistoning cock. She came
    quickly with a muffled cry, kissing my chest and nipples frantically
    as her cunt convulsed around my throbbing prick. Debbie gasped and
    blew in my ear, her little hips still moving up and down, as I
    continued to fuck her. I reached a hand up to squeeze one of her tits
    and crushed my mouth on hers. She opened her mouth wide for me, her
    tongue probing and playing with mine as we kissed hotly.

       I slid my hand down to her cunt and rubbed her clit as I moved my
    cock inside her. Her cum had opened and lubricated her tight little
    pussy making it much easier for me to fuck her the way I wanted to,
    the way I fucked Mom.... hard and fast and deep. I looked down into
    her gorgeous face and saw the lust there. I knew instantly that Deb
    wanted it too!

       "Fuck me hard now, Tommy!", she husked. "I can take it. I'm not a
    little girl anymore. Oooooooooh, God I want you to fuck my pussy real
    hard!

       Debbie's eyes were locked on mine as I began to pump her harder.
    Despite her brave words, I could see a little apprehension there, but
    it was rapidly by replaced by incestuous desire as my the speed and
    depth of my cock-thrusts increased.

       As I began to slam my prick up into her little pussy as hard as I
    could, Deb's pupils rolled back in her head and she closed her eyes.
    Her heels were digging into the small of my back, pulling me inside
    her harder with every stroke. We were both panting loudly, and I
    wondered if Mom was listening to us. The sudden thought of my mother
    lying awake fingering her wet pussy as she listened to me fuck my hot
    little sister was almost enough to drive me over the edge, but I
    managed to hold back long enough for Deb to shudder her way through
    another orgasm.

       "Are you coming again Sis!" I asked.

       "Oh, God, yes, Tommy, I'm coming!"

       "Good!" I grunted, giving her a series of long, hard jabs. "Tell
    me, Sis. I always want to know when you come."

       "I'm coming now, Tommy. I'm commmmmmmmming. I never thought it
    could be so good. OH, FUCK! OHHHHHHHHHHH!, Ooooooh, don't ever stop.
    AH, AHHH, AAOOEEYAHHH!" Her hips bucked and shuddered. Her head
    thrashed from side to side. Pussy-juice ran out of her cunt, over my
    cock and down her ass. My hot little sister was cumming like a
    fucking volcano!

       "OHH, OH, OH, GOD, OH, MMMHHHHH! KEEP FUCKING ME! DO IT HARDER!"
    she groaned, holding me tightly with both her arms and legs. I kept
    up my blistering pace, making her come several times more before I
    felt my own orgasm reaching its peak deep down in my cum-swollen
    balls. She grabbed my asscheeks in a death grip and hunched her
    frothy little twat up at my cock like she'd been fucking all her
    life. I rammed my prick deeper and deeper into her cunt until the
    head of my cock was pounding up against the back of her cunt and my
    balls were slapping her tiny ass. I could feel the walls of her young
    pussy contracting rhythmically around my cock as her pussy stretched
    and opened, letting me deeper and deeper inside her.

       It was all finally too much for me. I lifted her skinny little
    legs high and wide and literally rammed my cock into her with a
    vengeance, not caring if I hurt her anymore. All I wanted was to cum
    inside that tight hot little thirteen-year-old cunt. Sis was
    squealing loudly, but I took no notice. The look on her face told me
    she was crying out with pleasure, not pain. Besides, I don't think a
    raging bull could have moved me from between my sister's legs right
    at that moment. I had a hot load of cum in my balls and it had my
    sister's name on it!

       I let out a hoarse guttural cry and pumped my cock into her real
    hard, feeling the sperm course up through the throbbing shaft of my
    prick and blast out into her tiny hole, filling her cunt to
    overflowing with a veritable flood of thick, creamy jism. Debbie
    looked down and we both watched as it bubbled up out of her cunt,
    forced out by the thickness of my cock as it pistoned in and out of
    her belly. Sis came again before I finished, panting and whimpering
    like an exhausted little animal.

       Finally, the storm passed. Debbie slowly relaxed her grip on my
    ass and I was able to extract my cock from her pussy. I rolled over
    onto my back. Debbie curled up next to me with her head on my chest.

       "I love you, Tommy," she said.

       "I love you too, Sis," I replied, giving her a kiss on the
    forehead. Deb reached up and pulled my mouth onto hers and we kissed
    passionately.

       "Can't you two be any quieter", came a voice from behind us. "How
    can I get to sleep with you two fucking your brains out in here. It
    sounds like an orgy!"

        It was Mom! She was standing in the doorway wearing nothing but a
    smile. I grinned back at her, knowing what she had in mind.


                                Part 23.

       Debbie let out a frightened little squeal and sat up,
    instinctively covered her naked young body with the sheet. She looked
    like she was about to burst into tears for a second. Then, once she
    she saw that Mom was naked too, and that I was smiling at her, she
    visibly relaxed and the expression on her cute little face turned
    from fear to confusion.

       "Don't be scared, honey", Mom said, "I know you kids have been
    fucking... Tommy and I have been doing it too."

       Sis looked at me in awe.

       "You mean, you've fucked Mom?" she gasped.

       "Sure!", I grinned, "You're not the only hot-blooded female in
    this family who likes a little home-grown cock, Sis."

       "You're not jealous are you, sweetheart?" asked Mom, coming over
    and sitting beside us on the bed.

       "No..." murmured Debbie in a tiny voice.

       "Good," said Mom, giving Sis a big hug, "because you're going to
    have to share your big brother with me from now on, okay?"

       "I guess..."

       Debbie's eyes were on Mom's gorgeous, firm tits. She seemed to be
    hypnotized by them. Mom saw her interest too.

       "Do you like my breasts, baby?" she asked, gently stroking
    Debbie's naked thigh.

       Debbie swallowed hard and nodded her head, never taking her eyes
    from Mom's tits.

       "Do you want to touch them?"

       Again Sis nodded her head in the affirmative, a little more sure
    of herself this time. Mom took Debbie's trembling hand and placed it
    over her left tit, her other hand stroking higher and higher up her
    daughter's tight all the time. To my surprise, Sis began to squeeze
    and fondle Mom's tit. Mom moaned and slid her hand right up into
    Debbie's crotch.

       My cock was as throbbing like crazy as I watched my mother's long,
    slender fingers stroke up and down my little sister's hairless
    cuntslit. Mom's fingers were soon wet with the juices which seeped
    out of Debbie's tight young cunt.

       "Oh, honey! Your little pussy is so wet...", she moaned, "Tommy
    must have cum a bucketload in there to make you so wet!" Then,
    turning to me, she smiled and said; "Why don't you finish cleaning
    your sister's pussy out with your tongue, baby. I want to watch you
    suck her hot, juicy little cunt!"

       Sis looked at Mom strangely for a second, not used to hearing our
    mother talk like that in front of us. Then she smiled, and opened her
    slim young thighs in wanton invitation.

       "Suck me out again, Tommy!", she grinned, enjoying the thrill of
    talking dirty to me in front of our mother. "Suck my horny, fucking
    cunt till I cum in your mouth!"

       With a moan I scrambled between my sister's wide-spread legs and
    pressed my face into her hairless little crotch. I unfurled her
    puffy, pink pussylips with my thumbs and licked up and down the
    length of her cuntslit a couple of times before concentrating on
    clit. As I sucked her, Mom took Debbie's other hand and placed it
    between her thighs, rubbing her fingertips up and down her hairy, wet
    cuntslit.

       "Mmmmmmmm, you're wet too, Mom," moaned Debbie, her eyes
    half-closed with lust.

       Mom lowered her head to Debbie's tits and started sucking on them
    one at a time, taking all of the tiny, firm cones of flesh into her
    mouth at once.

       Debbie was trembling like a leaf as Mom and I worked her creamy
    young body over with our mouths, Mom sucking her tits and me eating
    her tasty little pussy.

       "Ohhhhhh, God! Yesss!", she squealed, "Suck me! Suck me, both you
    you! Uhhhnnnnnnnnnhhh!"

       Mom lifted her head from Debbie's tits and kissed her on the
    mouth. I watched as my surprised little sister tongue-kissed my horny
    mother. At first, Debbie resisted, but I gently lapped at her
    distended clit some more and soon she was kissing Mom as hard and as
    hot as she had kissed me earlier. I had never seen two girls
    tongue-kissing before, especially not my sister and mother. My cock
    was rock-hard and I was getting ultra-horny. I reached out and slid
    two fingers up Mom's cunt.


                                Part 24.

       Sis was right, Mom was very wet indeed. Sucking and kissing her
    own daughter was really turning Mom on something fierce! I inserted a
    finger into Debbie's cunt and slid it in and out of her fuckhole as I
    sucked away on her tiny, throbbing clit. Pressing my finger into her
    hairless twat as deep as I could, I began to use my lips on her hard
    little fuckbud, nibbling and rolling it around with my tongue.

       Debbie gasped into Mom's open mouth. Mom reached down and pulled
    my finger out of Debbie's cunt replacing it with her own slender
    middle finger. Mom has long, sharp nails on all her fingers and I
    expected Sis to cry out in pain as soon as Mom's finger slid between
    her swollen little cuntlips, but she didn't. Mom massaged Debbie's
    clit with the heel of her hand for a while, wigging her finger around
    inside my sister's squirming cunthole.

       Sis began to make loud moaning noises, but Mom kept her lips
    firmly plastered over Debbie's mouth, stifling her cry. Mom's finger
    was fucking deep into Debbie's pussy now. I could see a pool of juice
    glistening at the bottom of my sister's slit. I got up close to look
    and Mom pulled her finger out. Then put her hand on the back of my
    head an pressed my mouth back onto Debbie's creamy little cunt. I
    pressed my mouth down and licked my tongue up through Debbie's slit,
    tasting the accumulated juices. I began to suck out her little cunt
    gently, poking my long, wiggly tongue up inside her tiny hole.

       I spread her hairless cuntlips with my fingers and probed deeper.
    Debbie flinched a bit, but Mom soothed Sis and held her close while I
    cleaned out her gooey twelve-year-old fuckhole with my tongue. I
    found I could stick my tongue much deeper into Debbie's slit now, and
    the deeper I probed the stronger the taste of her became. It made me
    real hot to know that I was probably licking up the remains of the
    last load I shot into my little sister's pussy.

       My swollen cock was squashed between the bed and my belly, so I
    rolled on my side to relieve the pressure. As soon as it sprang free,
    Mom reached out and wrapped her fingers around it.

       "Ohhhh, God! You're so hard, baby!", she murmured, rubbing her
    clenched fingers up and down my pulsating shaft. "Soooo nice and
    hard!"

       Mom, looked at Debbie as she jerked on my cock. Sis was squirming
    her little ass around on the bed and panting loudly, her eyes slitted
    with pubescent lust.

       "I think she's ready for your cock again, Tommy" said Mom, giving
    my prick a meaningful squeeze. "Fuck her, son! I want to watch you
    fuck your hot, horny little sister!"

       "Okay, Mom," I grinned, "You're the boss!"

       I crawled into position above my sister's skinny body and spread
    her legs. Her little pussy-mound was red and glistening from the
    heavy sucking I had given it and her tiny clit-bud poked through at
    the top of her cuntslit like the tip of a tiny little tongue. Mom
    held my cock in one hand and spread Debbie's cuntlips apart with the
    other.

       "Ummmmm, yeahhhh! Put it in for me!" I gasped, "Help me fuck her,
    Mom!"

       It was an incredible turn-on for me to have my gorgeous naked mom
    guide my prick into my sister's cunt. My cock felt twice as thick as
    usual and it throbbed and jerked in Mom's hand something fierce as
    she attempted to locate the entrance of Debbie's super-tight young
    twat with the tip of my prick. Finally, after rubbing my cockhead
    the length of Sis's hot little slit a couple of times, I felt it pop
    into her tiny hole.

       "Unnnnhhhhhh!", moaned Debbie, hunching her skinny hips up at my
    barely-imbedded cock. The horny little kid really wanted to fuck bad!

       "Push!" hissed Mom. "Fuck her, Tommy! Fuck the little slut hard!"

       "Uuuooohhh, God! Yessssss! Do it Tommy!" groaned Debbie in
    frustration. "Fuck me! Fuck me, now!!!"

       Not needing any encouragement, I hunched forward and plunged my
    cock into my sister's juicy, hairless twat to the hilt. Sis grunted
    like an animal as I rammed home, squirming her ass and arching
    her slender young back in total sexual abandon.


                                Part 25.

       I looked over at Mom and saw she was rubbing her pussy like crazy,
    her eyes glazed over as she watched Debbie's little pink cuntlips
    bulging obscenely around the thick shaft of my cock. I pulled out
    of Sis slowly and watched Mom's face as my glistening pole withdrew from
    her deliciously tight pussy. Debbie's widely-stretched little
    cuntlips clung to my cock, puckering up around the hard column of
    flesh like a sucking mouth.

       "Ohhhh, God," she whispered. "That's so fucking hot!"

       Mom had her hairy wet pussy spread open with one hand while the
    fingers of her other hand rubbed frantically up and down through her
    creamy cuntslit.

       "Fuck her hard, Tommy!", Mom groaned huskily, "I want to see you
    fuck her tight little cunt hard!"

       With a grin, I began to hump my hips a bit faster, feeling my
    huge cock stretching my sister's little twat. Sis was biting her
    bottom lip to keep from squealing out as she bucked her little hips
    up to meet me. My cock was splitting her open, yet she seemed to be
    in no pain. I changed the angle of entry into her pussy so that the
    shaft of my prick dragged up and down over her protruding clit with
    every stroke.

       "OOOOHHHHHH! GOD! TOMMMY!", screamed Sis, "FUCK ME LIKE THAT! FUCK
    ME WITH YOUR BIG FAT COCK! UHHHHHHHHH!!!!!"

       It was obvious that Debbie's widely-stretched twat had finally
    readjusted to the thickness of my cock as I soon found that I could
    fuck her quite deeply now. I began to pound her hard, watching her
    face for signs of pain. Then, backing off a little if it looked like
    I was hurting her. All the time enjoying her tight, hot wetness
    sliding deliciously over my hard, slippery shaft.

       "Oooooh, Jesus!" I panted, feeling of my sister's 12-year-old cunt
    milking and squeezing me with every thrust. "Fuck, she's tight, Mom!"

       Staring down between our legs, Mom watched as the thick glistening
    shaft of my cock slid in and out of Debbie's widely stretched slit.
    The sight of her tiny, grasping cuntlips being sucked out and pushed
    in by my slippery cock was exciting all of us. The room was suddenly
    filled with the slurping sound of my sister's hot, juicy little twat
    being fucked by my massive fuck-shaft.

       It felt so good, I was soon wildly slamming my prick into her
    frothy young cunt, my balls slapping loudly against her tiny pink
    asshole as I pounded her hot little ass into the bed. Sis was lifting
    her hips up off the bed, humping her twat up to meet every downward
    plunge of my prick as she frantically attempted to get even more cock
    into her boiling young twat. God, she was a fantastic fuck!

       I was fucking Debbie so deeply, I felt the head of my cock pounding
    against the very end of her 12-year-old fuck-hole. The lips of her
    hungry little twat were sucking and grasping at the thick base of my
    cock with and intense suction. It almost felt like her pussy was
    actually sucking me into her belly on each downstroke. I felt Mom
    move closer and run her hands over my tightly clenched asscheeks.

       "Mmmmmmm...my babies... so good... so good!" she murmured.

       Then, I felt one of Mom's fingers on my asshole, just rubbing and
    stroking at first, but after a few seconds it began to probe deeper
    and deeper until her whole finger was buried deep inside my rocking
    ass.

       "Mom?" I gasped.

       "Just relax, honey!", she purred, "Let mommy fuck your ass while
    you fuck your sister, okay?"

       "Ummmmmmmmm, yeahhhhhh!", was all I could manage. Mom's finger
    up my ass felt great!

       She was rubbing a spot that really felt good, adding immensely to
    the pleasure of my cock sliding in and out of my sister's clinging
    cuntslit. I could feel my cock swelling bigger and bigger as Mom's
    finger slid back and forth against the fleshy ridges inside my
    rectum. This added to Debbie's pleasure as my pistoning prick
    stretched her tiny young cuntslit even further, causing her clit to
    drag backwards and forwards over the length of my blood-engorged
    cockshaft.

       "Ahhhhh, God!... Fuck!", whimpered Debbie as I hammered her little
    hole deeply, "Uhhh yeah, Tommy! Fuck my cunt! Ohhhhh, Mommy! Watch
    Tommy fuck my hot little cunt! He's fucking me soooo good!!!"

       "I know, sweetheart!" gasped Mom, driving her finger up my
    ass in time with my powerful strokes into my sister. "Put your legs
    up on his shoulders so he can get at your cunt better and fuck him
    back, honey!"


                                Part 26.

       Sis lifted her legs and rested them on my shoulders as mom had
    instructed. I felt her pussy open a bit as my cock entered her at a
    new angle. Mom was right, I COULD get at my sister's cunt better this
    way. I could fuck her much more deeply and her tiny cunt seemed to
    cling to my cock harder. I began to really fuck Sis hard, pounding
    her skinny ass into the bed with deep, powerful thrusts that soon had
    her squealing and whimpering in ecstasy. Her abundant cunt-juice was
    bubbling out around my cock and running down over her tiny, puckered
    little asshole, staining the sheets.

       Mom reached down between our legs and scooped some up with her
    hand. Then, putting her sticky, pussy-coated fingers between her lips
    she sucked her daughter's cunt-cream hungrily into her mouth.

       "Ohhhh, Debbie! You taste good, baby!" moaned Mom, licking the
    last trace fom her fingers with a flourish. "When Tommy's finished
    fucking you I want to suck you, darling. Will you let me? Will you
    let Mommy lick your brother's cum out of your sweet little pussy?"

       "Uuuuuhhh, yessss! I'll let you do anything, Mom! As long as Tommy
    doesn't stop fucking me... Oooooh, God! I'm so clooooose!!"

       Hearing that, I pounded into Debbie's slippery cunt hard and fast,
    crushing her tiny body beneath me as we fucked like animals. The bed
    shook with my thrusts and Mom's finger was dislodged from my asshole
    by the sheer force of our movements.

       "OHHHHHH, SHIT!", screamed Debbie suddenly, "FUCK ME, TOMMY!
    UNNNNNGHHHHHH! FUCK ME, HARD! I'M CUMMMMMMMMMMMMING"

       "Oh, yeah! Yeah, Sis! Cum on my cock you hot little fuck!" I
    grunted, slamming her tiny body deep into the bed with my prick.

       Debbie sobbed and whimpered, tossing her pretty young head from
    side to side as she exploded in a wild convulsing orgasm. The spasms
    of her tight, clinging little cunt around my cock as she came was
    enough to send me over the edge too, and I fucked and shuddered into
    my little sister like a rutting animal as my prick sent a load of
    thick, hot jism spurting into her cunt. Screaming hysterically, Sis
    started grinding her hot, clasping twat around the base of my
    furiously spurting dick.

       "That's it, my baby! Cum in her!", urged Mom, also in a high state
    of arousal, "Fill your sister's sweet little cunt with your cream so
    I can lick it all out!"

       I fell forward over Debbie and lay gasping as the last tender
    twitches of her orgasm began to fade and my cock ceased pumping
    her young cunt full of thick, slippery sperm. Mom was going to
    have a LOT of jism to suck out, that's for sure!

       "Oh, Tommmmmy!" murmured Debbie, smiling sweetly up into my flushed
    face. "That was such a neat fuck!"

       "It sure was, Sis," I grinned, flexing my deflating cock inside
    Debbie's sloppy little slit.

       Mom hugged us both and kissed us on the lips, letting her hot
    tongue dart into our mouths as we huddled together in an intimate
    incestuous embrace.

       "Now, it's my turn," smiled Mom.



                               Part 27.

    Mom pushed Debbie's legs apart and lowered her mouth to the hairless,
 cum-filled little twat I had just fucked, and began to lick and suck
 noisily. I lay back, stroking my cock as I watched the incredibly erotic
 sight. Mom's gorgeous, naked ass was stuck provocatively up in the air as
 she licked up the thick, creamy jizz I had deposited in Deb's hot little
 fuckhole. Sis was on her elbows, staring down at Mom's bobbing head and
 darting tongue, a look of total amazement on her cute young face.

    "Ohhhh, Mom! That feels so good!", she groaned, letting her head flop
 back into the pillows. "Lick my cunt, Mom!... Unnnghhh, suck out Tommy's
 cum!!"

    Trembling with excitement, Mom began hungrily lapping at the juices
 that covered Debbie's smooth, glistening pussy-mound. With no cunthairs to
 get in the way, Mom cleaned up Debbie's plump little cuntlips with relish,
 then dropped her tongue down to lick up the mixture of cunt-cream and
 sperm that had bubbled out of Sis's sweet little twat and dribbled into
 the cheeks of her skinny young ass while I was pounding my cock into her.

    There was an animal urgency about the way Mom's mouth moved over Deb's
 little pink fuck-hole. Sucking her daughter's juice-filled pussy right
 after it had been fucked, seemed to really excite her. Mom clung
 desperately to Debbie's hips, loving every depraved moment of this
 incestuous, lesbian encounter with her daughter. Sis was obviously loving
 it too, because her back was arched as she hunched her skinny little hips
 up off the bed like crazy, grinding her hairless cuntslit up onto Mom's
 face so hard that Mom was having trouble breathing!

    The way Sis reacted, must have really got Mom excited because she
 suddenly let out this loud moan... more like a gasp actually, and rolled
 onto her side, all the time keeping her hot, sucking mouth glued tightly
 to her daughter's squirming little cunthole. Frantically grasping her tiny
 hips, Mom pulled Debbie on top of her, slamming the kid's wet twat right
 down over her up-turned face.

    Sitting astride Mom's face, Deb instinctively knew what was required of
 her and, without prompting, she fell forward in order to lick Mom's steamy
 wet slit as well. Now locked in the classic sixty-nine position, I watched
 as Debbie stared down into Mom's hairy, gaping pussy. This was the first
 time Sis had ever looked into another girl's cunt, yet she looked
 strangely fascinated by the folds of slippery pink flesh that unfolded
 before her like the petals of a flower.

    Mom's glistening, pink cuntlips were swollen and wet, and covered with
 a slick film of pussy juice. I longed to push my face into that hot, wet
 slit and lick Mom to orgasm, but it was Debbie's turn now... like me, her
 first taste of cunt would be her own mother's... and I was going to get to
 watch! It was such an erotically depraved thought.

    Gently grasping Debbie's asscheeks, Mom pulled her ass down and lightly
 traced the tip of her tongue around Debbie's quivering little shitter. I
 watched Sis shiverer with delight as Mom's tongue wetly washed the
 deliciously hot flesh between her widely splayed asscheeks.

    "Ooooooh, Mom," whimpered Debbie, her attention taken temporarily away
 from Mom's gaping pussy. "What are you doing....? Uuuuhh, God! That feels
 so.... gooooooood!"

    Excitedly moving her face up and down between, her daughter's soft
 round buns, Mom covered Debbie's puckered little bung with her warm wet
 mouth, and gently blew her hot breath up Debbie's puckered little asshole.

    "Mmmmmmmmm, Mom!" Sis sobbed into Mom's hot, hairy crotch.
 "Oooooooooh... OhhHHHH.. OOOHHHHHHH!"

    Mom lewdly swirled her tongue around and around my sister's tight
 little ring, completely saturating it with her slippery spit. Then, when
 little Debbie's ass-muscles were completely relaxed, Mom drilled her
 tongue deep into Debbie's tight little asshole.

    "Ohhh, Shit!" squealed Sis. "That's so good, Mom ... SOOO GOOOOOD!"

    Reaching up and grasping her daughter's hard little tits, Mom lovingly
 squeezed and pulled them while she reamed out Debbie's hot little shitter
 with her tongue.

    "Oh, Mom." whimpered Debbie between slurps on her mother's drooling
 cunt. "Lick my ass... Suck me too... It feels fantastic!"

    Finally pulling her tongue out of my little sister's asshole, Mom
 slithered it back up into the hot, slick moistness of Debbie's tight,
 young cuntslit, obviously excited by the fresh, delicious taste of it. I
 guessed that Mom had led quite a depraved and promiscuous life, but I'd
 never imagined that she had the urge to lick her own daughter's pussy.
 Now, here I was watching my sexy little sister and my horny mother engaged
 in a hot, lesbian 69!  Jesus! I couldn't believe my luck!

    Clutching at Debbie's soft, tiny asscheeks, Mom thrust her face as deep
 as possible into Sis's hot, slippery slit, sucking on it for all she was
 worth. Debbie was doing the same to Mom, and by the look on her face, it
 was clear that Sis had never dreamed that pussy juice would have such a
 strange and exciting flavor.


                               Part 28.

    I sat on the edge of the bed, lewdly stroking my cock as I watched Mom
 and Debie sixty-nine. The sight and sound of their passion-crazed mouths
 frantically sucking on each other's pussies had quickly given me another
 horrendous erection. And, as erotic as it was to watch my mother and
 sister sixty-nine, I could hardly wait for them to finish each other off
 so I could bury my big hard-on in one of their deliciously wet and willing
 little twats.

    Mom and Sis were so excited, it wasn't long before I got my chance.
 After only a few minutes of obscenely strenuous cunt-sucking they were
 panting and moaning like crazy, and it was quite obvious to me that they
 were both rapidly approaching a couple of mutually satisfying orgasms.

    "Oh. Christ!" I heard Mom squealing. "Don't stop, Debbie! Keep sucking,
 honey, keep sucking! Mother's gonna come, baby! OOOOOOOOOOH! OHHHHHHHH!
 SUCK! SUCK!... SUCK MY CUNT, BABY!"

    From the way Mom was jerking and convulsing under Sis, I could tell she
 was in the throes of a mind-blowing climax. She frantically tore at the
 bed as she violently slammed her cunt up tighter against Debbie's hot
 sucking mouth.

    "Ohhhhhhh, Godddddddd! Fuck! FUCK! FUUUUUCKKK!" she sobbed, completely
 collapsing when the last wave of orgasmic pleasure washed through her
 body.

    "Ohhhhh, Shit!" shrieked Debbie, rolling off Mom's limp, quivering
 body. "I didn't come yet, Mom! I didn't come!!!"

    "Don't worry, Deb" I panted, rolling Sis onto her back and crawling up
 between her skinny young legs. "I'll bring you off!"

    "Ohhh, Tommy! Yeahhhhhh, do it!," whimpered Debbie when she felt my big
 knob sliding in between her tight, hairless little cuntlips. "Fuck me!
 Make me cummmm!!"

    Grasping my enormously swollen prick in my hand, I guided the blunt tip
 of my cockhead into her pubescent young slot. Debbie was hot... REAL
 hot!!! Mom had brought her so close to orgasm, my little sister's horny,
 pre-teen twat was bubbling like a fountain!

    "Uhhhhhhh, God," she panted, rubbing her slippery, hairless young pussy
 against the head of my thickly throbbing boner. "Jesus! Give it to me,
 Tommy! Come on... fuck me... PLEASE FUCK MEEEEEE!"

    I desperately wanted to give my little sister exactly what she wanted,
 but with Mom watching, I was determined to do it right. I reached down and
 grasped Deb's tiny young asscheeks in both hands. Then, thrusting my hips
 forward, I drilled my stiff cock all the way into her tight little cunt
 with one brutal plunge.

    "OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHWWWW!" shrieked Sis, as my huge prick plowed up through
 her juicy-hot, adolescent cuntal flesh. Her tight, wet young heat felt so
 good around my lurching cock. With my hands digging into the soft wiggly
 flesh of my sister's tiny asscheeks, I rammed my prick balls deep into her
 tight, wet, clasping little fuckhole.

    "Yesss! Fuck her, Tommy! Fuck her hard!', gasped Mom, running her hands
 over my tightly clenched ass.

    Mom grabbed my balls and began to fondle them as I fucked my hot,
 squealing little sister hard and fast.

    "Ohhh, shit, what a fuck!" Debbie whimpered, humping her skinny little
 ass up of the bed at my deeply pounding cock.

    While my fingers goosed and kneaded into the soft crack between my
 sister's quivering young ass-cheeks, I continued slamming my massive
 hard-on back and forth into the hot, sucking wetness of her frothy little
 cunt.

    "Harder!" she squealed, "Fuck me harder!"

    I replied by drilling my long, hard prick deep up into my sister's
 seething little fuck-hole at an ever increasing speed. There was something
 intensely erotic about the way my fingers dug into the soft crack of her
 sweet young ass as my juice-slickened cock slurped in and out of her
 tight, twelve-year-old cunt. Mom felt it too, because she reached up
 beneath our straining young bodies and gripped my cock as I plunged it
 relentlessly into Debbie's tight, clinging little cunt-slit. In turn, my
 horny little sister wrapped her shapely young legs excitedly around my
 ass, slamming her crotch up at my deeply plunging prick as she pleaded
 with me shamelessly.

    "Fuck me, Tommy!" Sis cried out. "Fuck the shit out of me!"


                               Part 29.

    I had never been so thoroughly aroused in my life, as I pounded
 frantically into my sister's hot, receptive young fuck-hole. The way her
 tiny cunt squeezed and sucked at my cock was enough to blow my mind. The
 fact that Mom was watching us only seemed to inspire me with added vigour.

    "Ohhh, Mommy! He's fucking me so good!", shrieked Debbie, as I pounded
 my throbbing prick deep up into her squirming young body. "Goddddd! I feel
 so full!... "

    Spurred on by my sister's wild squeals, I began drilling my cock into
 her eager, upthrust little cunt with more and more force. Watching us kids
 fuck, I was sure that Mom was wondering how Debbie could stand the fury of
 my onslaught, yet she was screaming for more. My little sister's pretty
 face was contorted with passion as her eyes rolled back and saliva
 dribbled from her open mouth. It was obvious that she wasn't aware of
 anything except my thrusting prick plunging in and out of her super-heated
 young slit.

    "Uuuuuuuuhh, Jesus!" she cried. "Oh, fuck... fuck... FUCK!"

    Feeling my ejaculation rapidly approaching, I began drilling my
 throbbing pole deeper and harder into Debbie's hot little twelve-year-old
 twat, pounding my thick shaft into her tiny hole with rapid, pile-driving
 strokes that shook her tiny frame. The top ridge of my prick rubbed
 repeatedly against her clitty, bringing Sis closer and closer to another
 wild, squealing orgasm.

    "Oh, shit!" Debbie suddenly shrieked. "I'm coming! Jesus, I'm cumming!
 UHHHH, YESSS! OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH!"

    "Fuck her, Tommy darling!" Mom screamed with passion. "Fuck her hot
 little cunt! Make her come, baby! I wanna see you cum in your sister's
 cunt!

    With Mom's depraved words of encouragement ringing in my ears, I fucked
 Sis through her climax, pounding my cock deep into her hot little fuckhole
 as she squirmed and squealed in ecstasy beneath me.

    "Uhhh! Uhh! UUUUUUH! It's so good ... so good! OH, FUCK... FUCK...
 FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK! YOU CUM TOO, TOMMY!", screamed Sis as a cunt-wrenching
 orgasm spread quickly throughout her lurching body.

    "Cream her, baby! Squirt in her!" shrieked Mom, fucking almost her
 whole fist up her wet, gaping twat as the intense pleasure increased.
 "Shoot her little cunt full of jizz!"

    Feeling my own ejaculation rapidly approaching, I drove my throbbing
 prick harder and deeper into Debbie's spasming cunt, bringing my screaming
 little sister to the very brink of hysteria. I couldn't hold back another
 second! With Debbie's hot, twelve-year-old cunt clasped tightly around my
 cock, I gave one last lunge and exploded a torrent of hot white jizz her
 tiny writhing belly.

    "TOMMMMMMMMYYYYYY!!!!" Sis shrieked when she felt my thick slippery cum
 splattering into her adolescent sex. "SQUIRT IT IN ME, TOMMY! SQUIRT!
 SQUIRT! SQUIIIIIIRRRRRTT!"

    Jet after jet of hot, thick fuck-cream shot out of my belching pick
 into Debbie's quivering little cunthole as we writhed together in orgasm.

    "Ooooooooooooh, you sweet.. sweet babies!" sobbed Mom as her own
 convulsing cunt climaxed around her stabbing fingers.


                               Part 30.

    Deliciously exhausted, I lay perfectly still over my sister's soft,
 naked body while my prick ejected the last of its hot, creamy load into
 her twitching fuck-hole. Her tiny twat pulled and sucked on my cock until
 the last drop of jizz had been siphoned from deep in my balls. After
 several minutes of basking in the warm afterglow of our wonderful fuck, I
 finally pulled my limp, wet prick out of my little sister and rolled off
 her body. Mom was on me in a flash. She popped my cock into her mouth and
 began sucking the tasty mixture of sperm and pubescent cunt-juice from my
 sticky, wilted organ.

    Once I was hard again, Mom straddled my hips and lowered herself onto
 my cock, moaning softly as my thick shaft filled her hot, hungry hole. I
 bucked my hips up as she began to ride me. We'd done this many times
 before and each of us knew exactly how to pleasure the other best. Mom
 leaned forward and ground her cunt down onto my cock in tight little
 circles as I hunched up at her, sucking her nipples into my mouth as they
 jiggled provocatively over my face.

    Mom was so aroused from watching me fuck Sis that she came again within
 minutes, moaning and squirming her pussy down hard over my steel-hard
 cock-shaft. Having come a number of times already, I was nowhere near
 orgasm when Mom finally came down from hers. My prick throbbed and
 twitched inside her like it had a life of its own.

    "Ohhh, you gorgeous young stud!", groaned Mom, lifting her cunt off my
 cock and replacing it with her hot, sucking mouth.

    Sis joined her and together the two of them licked and sucked me to
 another powerful climax. This time, they shared my cum between them by
 kissing passionately, their active little tongues exchanging tasty gobs of
 sperm as I ran my hands up between their legs to finger their hotly
 drooling cunts.

    We fucked like that for hours. If one of us tired the other two either
 used their mouth and lips to revive the exhausted party, or simply fucked
 or sucked as a pair until the other family member recovered enough to join
 in again. By morning, however, all three of us were totally spent.

    Since then I have never had any need to date girls my own age, I have
 two eager, willing cunts to satisfy my every carnal urge right here at
 home. When one isn't available the other always is, and neither of them
 can get enough of my heat-seeking pussy missile. Mom likes it hot... but
 my little sister likes it hotter!

                              The End.





                           NOW ITS MY TURN
                              (by Eros!)

       The big house was deathly quiet except for a small, scuffling
    sound. "Wilson?" I called. The scuffling increased in volume,
    changing into a soft kicking sound that was definitely human in
    origin. I hurried into the main living room, where I discovered the
    butler tied up on the expensive leather sofa. One look, and I knew
    how he'd been caught. He was completely dressed, except that his
    soft, still-glistening cock was poking out through his open fly.

       "For heaven's sake, Wilson," I scolded as I bent to unravel the
    first of the many, many knots that secured him.

       "Maybe this will teach you not to allow unscheduled visitors to
    suck your cock!"

       The butler's eyes widened over his mouth, which had been taped
    tightly shut with a wide strip of adhesive tape. Too late, I realized
    that the intruder hadn't left. By then, however, her powerful arms
    had yanked my wrists behind my back and locked them expertly together
    in a pair of cold handcuffs.

       I tried to run for the phone. but I stumbled over her foot and
    fell onto the expensive Turkish rug. Her laughter was merciless. When
    I looked up at her, I found myself at the knees of an Amazon goddess.

       She was almost six feet tall, with long legs up to her armpits and
    a tangled mane of wild blonde-brown hair that tumbled down to the
    small of her back. She was naked except for a black leather mask and
    long, leather jackboots. Her breasts jutted straight out, and her
    nipples were huge and erect. Despite my predicament, my prick became
    instantly hard at the sight of her. I make no excuse for becoming
    aroused in this rather unusual situation. This woman, who was dressed
    in leather and holding a riding crop, was clearly outfitted for
    raunchy sex.

       "Hello, Daddy dearest," she said.

       "It's me, Angelique. You know why I've come, don't you?"

       I didn't know how to get up from my awkward belly flop with my
    hands cuffed behind my back.

       "Angelique," I murmured. "My daughter, Angelique?"

       "Strange that you remember me, father!  You couldn't be bothered
    to remember my mother!!" said the gorgeous creature, flicking her
    riding crop at me in a most menacing manner.

       "I couldn't marry your mother! A man of my position, linked to the
    town tramp?"

       "Watch your lip, Father! That's my mother you're talking about!"

       The riding crop connected with the seat of my pants. I yelped.
    Angelique just laughed and struck me again, harder this time.

       "You're about to learn what the phrase 'a man in my position'
    truly means," she added

       "Not in front of the help!" I begged, suddenly remembering the
    butler, who was tied up tightly on the sofa.

       "Yes, Daddy dearest, in front of the help. You're not only going
    to experience the ultimate shame. You're going to have the knowledge
    that everybody who ever hears your name is going to hear it too!"

       Lust raced through me. l felt myself yearning for her with a
    passion I hadn't experienced since I'd first met her gorgeous and
    ever-willing mother. Of course, Angelique's mother had always treated
    me with the utmost respect... with something akin to awe,
    actually-because she was so amazed that a rich man like me would
    deign to pass an hour or two in bed with the likes of her. Maybe that
    had been her mistake... maybe she should have been more demanding.

       Angelique ordered me to roll across the carpet until I was on my
    back with my cuffed hands under me in a spot directly across from the
    butler's perch on the couch. I was keenly aware that Wilson had a
    first rate view of the entire scenario as Angelique quickly and
    efficiently removed my expensive clothes.

       When I was utterly naked, my cock stood pointing toward the
    ceiling. Angelique rubbed the swollen head with her riding crop and
    smeared the thick droplets of my pre-cum all over it.

       "You're going to suck me off and then you're going to fuck me,
    Daddy, tied up like an animal," Angelique said. "You're never going
    to live down this humiliation!"

       At the moment, my future social disgrace was of no concern
    whatsoever. The only thing I cared about was watching my daughter's
    pink, pouty cuntlips as they moved ever closer to my face. The moment
    that she settled her pussy into place on my mouth, my tongue had free
    access to the most tender secrets of her musky female flesh.

       Like mother, like daughter. Angelique came easily from a series of
    quick tongue strokes applied to her sensitive cuntlips, followed by a
    hard suck on her swollen clit. I was secretly gratified at how fast
    Angelique lost control when I started tongue-fucking her. Those
    tight, pale thighs of hers contracted visibly as she squirmed in
    obvious orgasmic pleasure.

       "OOOHHHHH! UHMMMMNNNNNNGHHH! YEAHHHH, SHOVE THAT TONGUE UP MY
    CUNT! I'M CUMMMMMMMMING!", she screamed, literally grinding her
    streaming cuntslit over my open mouth.

       I licked and sucked up my daughter's tasty juices, savouring every
    drop. Angelique collapsed over my lower body, leaving her cunt
    plastered over my mouth as she greedily enveloped my long stiff cock
    with her own. She sure could suck cock better than her mother, I'll
    give her that. I was close to cumming in no time. But Angelique
    sensed my nearness and stopped, withdrawing my prick from the
    wonderfully hot, wet suction of her mouth.

       "Not yet!" she grinned mischievously. "I want you to pleasure me a
    bit longer before I let you get yours, Daddy, my love!"

       She reached onto the top of her right boot and pulled out a
    cock-ring. I flinched involuntarily as she placed it on my cock and
    rolled it down to the base. I could feel the blood engorging the
    shaft which became bright purple. I had never seen my cock look so
    thick before!

       With a devilish gleam in her eye, Angelique straddled my hips and
    lowered her juice-filled cunt down onto my cock until the head was
    just touching her slit. She grasped the bloated shaft with one hand
    and spread her cuntlips with the other, giving me a great view of the
    glistening pink flesh within. Tantalizingly she began to rub the tip
    of my cock back and forth through her gaping cuntslit, rubbing it
    against her clit on each pass.

       I moaned with frustration, unable to even hunch my hips up enough
    to get more than the head of my cock into her hot, wet little
    fuckhole.

       "You want to fuck me, don't you?" she grinned, enjoying my
    frustration.

       I didn't answer, but the look in my eyes and the involuntary
    hunching of my hips told the true story.

       "I bet you do. I'll bet you want to shove this big monster up my
    poor little pussy and fuck me! You want to fuck your own daughter,
    don't you, you horny bastard?!!"

       I couldn't help it any longer. I was so excited, I didn't care if
    the whole world knew.

       "Yessss!", I hissed. "I want to fuck you!  And if you take these
    cuffs of I'll fuck your hot, juicy little cunt into next week. Just
    like I fucked your mother, you silly slut!"

       Angelique hit me with the riding crop, a vicious slash across my
    chest which left a long red weal accompanied by a flash of piercing
    pain.

       "Unnnghhhhh! Jesus, Angelique! Fuck, that hurt!", I growled.

       "Shut it, Pops! Or you'll get another one!"

       She ran the tip of the riding crop over the red mark on my chest
    and smiled evilly.

       "Red suits you, Daddy" she grinned, raising the crop again.

       "No! No! Stop!", I begged. "I'll behave! I'll do anything you
    want... really!!"

       "That's a good Daddy", said Angelique, her face softening a
    little. "Now, where were we?...."

       She resumed rubbing my cockhead up and down the length of her
    flooded pussyslit, occasionally giving her clit a flick with the tip
    of the riding crop. I gave up trying to get more of my prick into her
    and resigned myself to my fate.

       Angelique was clearly getting off on humiliating me, because soon
    she was moaning and arching her back as she mashed the fat bulb of my
    cockhead frantically against her erect clit. Like her mother,
    Angelique seemed capable of multiple orgasms and as I watched she
    came three times, drenching my prick with a flood of hot, sticky
    cunt-juice.

       My cock was literally bursting with stored blood and I feared for
    its safety if she left that damn cock-ring on me any longer. But I
    dared not say a word under pain of another vicious blow from her
    crop.

       Finally, Angelique lifted herself off me and stood up, heading for
    Wilson on the sofa. Watching my daughter bring herself off on my cock
    had my manservant's formidable weapon back at full erection.
    Angelique sat on my butler's lap with her legs spread, facing me so I
    could see between both their legs. Wilson's erect cock was throbbing
    stiffly against my daughter's cuntslit. Angelique just smiled at me,
    and with a slight upward movement of her lithe young hips proceeded
    to insert the butler's rock-hard length into her insatiable, little
    cunt.

       Wilson moaned loudly behind the tape covering his mouth as his
    cock slid into Angelique's hot, slick pussy to the balls. I could see
    everything... my daughter's clit rasping against the underside of
    Wilson's cockshaft... the pussy-juice leaking out around her
    tightly-stretched cuntlips... and above all the look of pleasure on
    my daughter's face. God I wished I was in Wilson's place right then!

       Angelique must have seen the look on my face, because she grinned
    over at me and began to slide her cunt up and down on the butler's
    deeply-impaling prick, moving her ass like she was riding a horse.

       "Ohhhh, Daddy!", she moaned lustily. "His cock feels so good
    fucking my cunt! Such a nice big, thick cock, Daddy!"

       I groaned in frustration.

       "Don't you wish it was your cock fucking my hot little pussy,
    Daddy... mmmmmmm, yeahhhhh...sliding in and out, in and out... deeper
    and deeper.... uhhhhh.. unmmmmmm... so deep, so hard, so fucking
    good!"

       I watched my daughter pleasure herself on my butler's cock. You
    couldn't call it anything else, Wilson was tied up so well that he
    could hardly move. Angelique was doing all the work, raising and
    lowering her clasping cunt on the servant's cock with increasing
    vigour. Soon she was literally bouncing up and down on Wilson's lap,
    as his cock plunged in and out of her belly.

       Wilson's eyes were wide and he was making low, guttural noises
    deep in his throat as my horny young daughter fucked him. Her
    cuntlips clung to his cock like a tiny, sucking mouth. God, she must
    be tight, I thought. I looked down at my own poor neglected cock and
    wondered if I'd ever feel the wonderful pleasure that Wilson was
    feeling at the very moment. I was so aroused, my prick was nearly
    bursting.

       With a scream, Angelique climaxed, fucking herself on Wilson's
    long, glistening prick like a madwoman until he too orgasmed with a
    muffled shout.

       She collapsed back against his chest, grinding her well-fucked
    pussy against the base of his cock as her spasms faded. A trickle of
    cum and cunt-juice bubbled out around Wilson's shaft, soaking my
    daughter's thighs and ass with the gooey liquid.

       Angelique lifted herself off the butler's wilting prick and stood
    up shakily. She walked over to where I lay on the floor and straddled
    my head, pushing her sperm-drenched pussy into my face.

       "Lick it!" she spat. "Lick my pussy clean, Daddy!"

       I was so hot, I blindly did as I was told.

       I extended my tongue as far as it would go, delving deeply into
    the hot, juicy recesses of Angelique's sperm-filled cunt. It didn't
    matter to me that I was licking out my butler's cum as well as my
    daughter's cunt-cream. In my highly aroused states, it tasted
    delicious!

       Angelique was squirming her cunt on my face like crazy, whipping
    her tight little ass all over the place as she ground her gaping twat
    on my eagerly sucking mouth.

       "Yeah!! Suck it out, Dad!", she panted. "Suck the cum from my hot
    fucking cunt!"

       I did as she ordered, only too happy to comply with anything my
    tasty young daughter desired. My cock was starting to feel numb and a
    part of my brain said I should check it out, but the rest said keep
    eating cunt.... so I did.

       Angelique came twice on my tongue before she lifted her dripping
    snatch off my face and slithered it down over my chest until her slit
    came into contact with my poor, strangled cock.

       "Wanna fuck, Daddy?" grinned Angelique.

       I nodded all to quickly, anxious to sample some of the tight young
    cunt I had watched my bound-up butler enjoy only minutes earlier. My
    daughter lifted her ass and reached down between our legs to guide my
    blood-engorged cock into her slippery little love-hole. I hardly felt
    the pressure as my cock slid up into her belly like a submarine
    parting the waters. Now I knew why she'd used the cock-ring on me...
    not so much to humiliate me, but to ensure her own pleasure. She knew
    that in my present condition, I could never cum until she took the
    damn thing off!

       With a grin of consumate evil my insatiable little daughter
    impaled her tight young cunt on my bloated cock, arching her back
    with pleasure as my over-sized organ filled her tiny fuckhole.

       "UHHHHHHHH! GOD!", she moaned, her whole body shivering with lust.
    "You're bigger than you look, Daddy!!!"

       "Feels good, right sweetheart?", I gasped, trying to move my hips
    in some sort of fucking motion.

       The cuffs were grinding into my back, but I felt no pain... only
    the mild, almost frustrating pleasure of having my tourniqueted cock
    clasped by my daughter's tight cunt. I could feel enough to know that
    I was balls deep inside Angelique's hot little snatch, and she was
    bucking up and down on me like a epileptic cowgirl, but the usual
    acute sensations were missing. It was like fucking by remote control.

       Angelique on the other hand was enjoying herself immensely. She
    came twice on my rigid cock before I could even get into a
    comfortable position. Her cunt was literally flooded with lubrication
    which, despite the tightness of her cunt, did little to help my
    predicament one little bit!  I did my best to fuck my hips up at her,
    trying to gain that little extra stimulation I so desperately needed.
    But, in the end, Angelique's cock-ring had me beaten at every turn. I
    couldn't cum unless my daughter wanted me too!!

       "Ohhhhh, Daddy! I never knew you were such a stud!", she giggled,
    pounding her cunt down onto my cock as she climaxed again. "Looks
    like you can fuck forever with your prick ringed like this!"

       "UHHHHHH! GOD, BABY! PLEASE!!! TAKE IT OFF!", I begged, "TAKE THE
    DAMN THING OFF BEFORE MY COCK DROPS OFF!"

       Angelique was coming down from her sixth consecutive orgasm as she
    heard my plaintive cry. Her lips curved up in a smile of triumph.

       "If I do, you've gotta take me and Mom back so we can share all
    the money you've kept to yourself, Daddy!" Angelique ground her hips
    down hard over my prick for added emphasis.

       "Anything! I'll do anything, baby! Just take it off!!"

       "Okay!"

       Angelique lifted her cunt off my cock and reached down between our
    legs. With great difficulty, she rolled the cock-ring up and over my
    abnormally swollen prick, releasing the blood flow once more to
    normal. Then, without a word, she climbed back on and stuffed the
    massive pole back into her eager young cunthole.

       "Now! Fuck me, Daddy!" she growled. "Fuck my horny twat! Fuck me
    like you fucked Mom and cum in my cunt!"

       And I did! Despite my awkward position, I managed to lift my hips
    high enough to slam my cock up into my daughter's tight, clinging
    pussy with a vengeance! Feeling came rushing back into my raging
    fuck-shaft as I plowed Angelique's cunt like I've never done to any
    woman before. I wanted to punish her and pleasure her at the same
    time, but above all, I wanted to cum!!!!

       Angelique was bouncing on my cock like a rag doll by the time I
    felt my orgasm finally nearing its peak. I'd lost count of how many
    climaxes she'd had. So had she apparently, because her eyes were
    rolled back in their sockets and her open lips emitted a continuous
    whine of joy as I fucked her delirious young body through wave after
    wave of intense climactic pleasure.

       Angelique softened quite a bit towards me after that fateful day.
    And I made good my promise to take back her mother, on one
    condition.... that they both tie me up occasionally and have their
    wicked way with me!

       And my butler? Two horny, insatiable woman are too much for me to
    handle most times... Wilson has never been happier!


                                THE END.




                           "Nympho Moms"
                                by
                               EROS!

    The day I turned 16, my Dad was killed in a car accident driving me
 home from school. I was okay except for some minor internal damage, but I
 was confined to bed for months after the surgery. My mom spent a lot of
 time with me during that time, just holding me... more often than not, we
 would both fall asleep together.  Once, after I was feeling a lot better,
 I woke up while Mom was still asleep.  I was lying with my head against
 her breasts.  She was on top of the covers and I was under them. I pulled
 her dress up until I could see her panties.

    This got me really hot, and I unbuttoned the top of Mom's dress, and
 then got her bra undone.  I sucked on one of her nipples for a few
 minutes, and then I got braver and started feeling her between the legs,
 rubbing her hot, silky pussy mound through her panties. This went on for
 only a few minutes before she woke up, but contrary to what I had
 expected, Mom put her arm around me and pulled me even closer to her, and
 let me suck on her breast until I fell asleep, with my hand still cupping
 her panty-covered pussy.

    That night, I asked if I could sleep with her, instead of going back
 to my bed, and she said ok.  When she came to bed, she was wearing
 panties and a pajama top.  I snuggled up to her, and she put her arm
 around me and held me close.  I could feel her nipple against my cheek,
 and I started trying to suck on it through her pajamas, but she pushed my
 head away. I thought that would be the end of it, but she unbuttoned her
 pajama top, opened it wide, and pulled me back to her. I lay there with
 her nipple in my mouth, sucking on it, with both hands feeling and
 squeezing both of her breasts until she would pull it out of my mouth,
 shift around and put her other nipple in. I guess she was getting a
 little sensitive, so every once in awhile she would give me her other
 nipple to suck on.

    I was getting more excited all the time, and she was breathing deeply,
 and her nipples were hard as rocks.  I remembered from earlier what I had
 done, and I reached down and put my hand on her panties again, right on
 her pussy.  Mom opened her legs a little, so I started rubbing. I could
 feel the crease of her pussy through her panties. It was very hot and
 damp and she seemed to get hotter and damper the more I stroked her.  I
 rubbed and pushed her panties into the lips of her pussy until they were
 all wet.  I moved my hand up to Mom's waist, and got my hand under her
 panties and moved it down until I got it in her hair.  I was really
 surprised at all the hair she had down there.  I felt her pussy lips, and
 they were warm and wet.  I kept rubbing, and then I put a finger in her
 and I guess I found her clit (I didn't know anything about what that was
 back then) because she opened her legs wider and her hips kind of bucked
 up.  I kept rubbing, and my finger slid deeper into her pussy.  Mom took
 my hand in hers and pulled it back up a little and moved my hand back and
 forth where she wanted it.

    All this time, I had a terrific hardon, and was hunching up against
 her leg. Just as I was about to cum, Mom arched her back up, closed her
 legs on my hand, and hugged me even tighter to her breast.  I didn't know
 it of course, but she was cumming, and as she was doing so, I couldn't
 hold back any longer and came in my shorts, rubbing up against her leg.

    That was the first time that my mom and I had an orgasm together, but
 it wasn't the last! As it turned out, Mom was a very highly sexed woman,
 and it seemed that Dad's death had released all her hidden passions.

    I came home early one day and saw my mom fucking Terry Dalton, a boy
 that lived up the street.

    He was 17, a year older than I was at the time.  We used to play
 basketball and football together.  We went to different schools, so we
 weren't real close.  He delivered the paper, and I found out later that
 he had been collecting for the paper that afternoon and my mom had just
 gotten out of the shower when he came calling.  She had him come inside
 while she went to get the money. When she came back and sat down her robe
 fell open and Terry saw her pussy, and he reached out and touched it, and
 one thing just led to another and soon he was between my mom's legs
 fucking the shit out of her.

    I wasn't supposed to be home for at least another hour. But when I got
 there, I heard my mom groaning like she does when she's being fucked
 really hard. Sneaking up the hall, I peeked into her bedroom. Mom was
 getting fucked alright, and hard... She was naked, with her legs spread
 high and wide, and some young stud was between her thighs, slamming his
 prick into Mom's upthrust cunt for all he was worth.

    I didn't know who it was until Mom moaned that she wanted to get on
 top. Then, when they turned, I could see it was Terry. My heart was
 pounding so hard I was afraid they would hear it. Terry fucked her for at
 least another half hour, making mom cum several times. I came too.. into
 my hand.. as I jerked off, watching Terry ram his big fat cock into my
 mother's cock-hungry cunt.

    The same night I saw Terry fucking my mom I got to sleep with her
 again, and as soon as she got in bed I started sucking on her nipples
 again, and feeling her pussy.  After a little while she took her panties
 off, and started pushing (I guess steering would be a better description)
 my head down off her breasts and toward her stomach.  By the time I got
 to her navel, I KNEW what I wanted to do, and she spread her legs wide,
 and I got my first real closeup look at her pussy.  My mom doesn't have a
 whole lot of hair down there like some women do, so I could see her juicy
 wet cuntslit real clearly.

    Soon I was kissing Mom's pussy, not really knowing what to do, but she
 seemed to like it so I started sticking my tongue into her hole.  That
 obviously felt better, 'cause Mom grabbed the back of my head an pulled
 my face into her cunt. She felt and tasted good, and I did that for quite
 a while.  Then Mom opened up her pussy with her hands and started rubbing
 her clit (I didn't even know what it was or what it was called at that
 time) with her finger.  Then she told me to lick it with just the tip of
 my tongue, and then later told me to suck it like I did her nipples. When
 I did that, she really went wild.

    She shuddered and bucked on the bed so much, I thought she was having
 a fit. But she was screaming at me to `suck her more' and `not to stop'
 so I knew she was ok. Besides she wouldn't let me take my mouth off her
 pussy, just kept hunching her cunt up at my lips until I thought I might
 hurt her. Then I felt a lot more juice suddenly rise up out of her slit.
 I cleaned it all up with my tongue, sucking and swallowing as hard as I
 could. Mom slumped back into the bed and moaned deep in her throat, her
 hands stroking the back of my head, still pressing my mouth into her cunt
 as her orgasm slowly faded.

    We lay exhausted like that for a while, my face still buried in Mom's
 pussy as I flicked her clit lovingly with the tip of my tongue. My cock
 was rock-hard and throbbing painfully between my belly and the bed. I
 raised myself up on my knees and got between Mom's wide-spread thighs.
 Her eyes were closed but they snapped open when I pressed the tip of my
 cock against her gooey cuntslit. At first I thought she was going to stop
 me, then she smiled and pulled me on top of her, begging me to shove my
 cock up her cunt. I had never heard her talk that way before, and I
 turned me on even more. I wanted to fuck my mom then more than anything
 in the world!

    She grabbed my cock and fit it into her cunthole, lifting her own hips
 up at the same time she grabbed my ass and pulled me down. My cock slid
 into Mom's tight, slippery cunt like a hot knife through butter and I
 groaned out loud. Mom was moaning into my ear as she hunched her ass up
 off the bed at me, begging me to fuck her, her voice all husky and
 hoarse. In no time I was moving my hips like lightning, ramming my prick
 deep up into my mom's hot clasping hole. She was panting all sorts of
 sexy things, asking me to fuck her hard, and fill her cunt with my sperm
 and make her cum. So, I did!

    I fucked my mom twice more that night, and in the morning, Mom woke me
 up by giving me a blow-job. I fucked her again in the shower before
 leaving for school, she had to bend her knees and hunch down to get my
 cock up inside her, but it was a real turn-on to force Mom's wet,
 glistening body up against the tiled wall of the shower and fuck her hot
 cunt till she climaxed.

    After thinking about her all day, I arrived home to find Mom dressed
 in a t-shirt, and nothing else! She was washing some dishes, but I was so
 horny, I just pulled up her shirt, bent her over the sink and rammed my
 cock right up her cunt. She was extremely hot and wet. Obviously Mom had
 been thinking about sex all day too. We fucked and fucked, rattling the
 dishes on the draining rack, but we hardly noticed. I dumped a quick load
 up Mom's cunt, making her cum twice in the process. She sure was hot!

    As I pulled out and kissed her on the neck, I asked Mom what was for
 dinner. She just smiled sexily over her shoulder and wiggled her naked
 ass at me. "How 'bout some hot pussy-pie a-la-Momma, baby?", she asked. I
 dropped to my knees and spread her asscheeks, burying my face hungrily in
 my mother's gooey cunt. I didn't mind sucking out my own sperm, it tasted
 kinda good mixed with mom's hot, creamy pussy-juice. Once I'd eaten Mom
 out and made her cum one more time, we took some snacks and drinks to the
 bedroom and fucked all night long.

    Since then, I've been sleeping with my mom and fucking her every
 night. We've even had a couple of threesomes with Terry, (I objected at
 first, but mom insisted on it). However, after the first time I fucked
 mom's cunt while Terry fucked her asshole, I was hooked, and we do it
 regularly now, in fact Terry and I have become real good friends and I
 often invite him to stay over at my house.... to fuck my mom of course.

    One day Terry told me proudly that he was fucking his own mom now too.
 I asked him how it had happened and he said he just got so horny one
 night he crept into her bedroom when his father was away on business, and
 fucked her. Apparently, Mrs Dalton was as frustrated as my own mom, and
 when she felt Terry fucking her she was still half asleep and thought it
 was her husband. By the time she realized who it really was, she was
 cumming like a rocket and Terry's cock was squirting a bucket-load of
 hot, creamy son-sperm up her bucking, sucking cunthole.

    Once Terry had broken his mom in, it wasn't long before I was fucking
 her too. She was a lot smaller than my mom and her pussy was a tight as a
 little girl's. Terry and I used to take turns fucking her on Monday
 nights when my mom was at her PTA meeting, and Terry's dad was working
 late. Mrs Dalton was insatiable, and loved nothing better than to have
 Terry and me double-fuck her, then suck us both hard again only to repeat
 the process. Her record with us still stands at four double-fucks in a
 row!!

    Of course, it wasn't long before my mom found out about me fucking Mrs
 Dalton. She wasn't upset in the least. In fact, she wanted in on to some
 of the action. The next monday night Mom skipped her PTA meeting and
 joined Terry, his mom and I for some very interesting sex.... but that's
 another story. :)

                               The End.




Filename: SISFAM.TXT
Title: My Sister's Family
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                            MY SISTER'S FAMILY
                                (By Eros!)

                                 Part. 1

       When my sister Tracy, and her husband Tony invited me out to their
    farm in the country for a few weeks, I was more than a little
    surprised. Sure, Tracy and I had always been close as brothers and
    sisters go, but apart from the occasional family get-together, we
    hardly ever saw each other since I'd moved to the city. On the phone,
    Trace sounded her usual bubbly self and reminded me that I hadn't
    visited them since the Christmas before last. She suggested I come on
    out for a bit and enjoy the "laid-back country life-style", as she
    called it.

       Tracy was thirty-three, a year younger than me, and Tony was
    thirty-five. They had three gorgeous kids, all of them blonde like
    their parents. Jimmy, the eldest was fifteen.... no, sixteen by now...
    that made Jodie... what, thirteen?... and the baby of the family,
    little Cindy, eleven... no twelve... Jesus, I couldn't remember, I
    hadn't seen them for over a year.

       As I drove out into the country, I began to look more and more
    towards the nice relaxing two weeks that Tracy had promised. My city
    job was beginning to become a definite drag and I really did need the
    rest. Besides, my feisty little sister could be very persuasive when
    she wanted to.

       It was late by the time I pulled up outside the big old farm house,
    but the whole family was there to meet me, even the kids. Tracy ran
    down the steps and gave me a big, brotherly hug, pressing her large,
    firm tits against my chest as she kissed me hotly on the lips. I was
    more than a little startled when my sister's tongue darted briefly
    between my lips. I was even more mystified when she gave my ass a
    sensuous squeeze through my tight cut-off jeans.

       Before I could react, the kids were upon me. Jodie raced up to me
    and jumped into my arms, wrapping her lithe young thighs around my
    waist as she threw her arms over my shoulders, planting a big wet kiss
    on my open lips. I didn't know what to do! Her body had certainly
    matured a lot since the last time I saw her. I could feel a nice, firm
    little pair of stiff-nippled breasts snuggled tightly against my chest,
    and a warm, plump little cunt-mound grinding tantalizingly against my
    crotch. She was wearing a tiny little pleated skirt that immediately
    rode so far up over her small behind that it exposed her panty-encased
    little backside to her older brother who was right behind her. I could
    have sworn the boy licked his lips as his eyes took in the tight,
    cotton-clad mounds of his little sister's exposed ass.

       "Hi, Uncle Ted!", she murmured, wiggling her hips a little more than
    she should have.

       "Ummmmm... Hi honey!" I returned, lamely. I couldn't help it but
    after my sister's rather intimate welcome, my cock was responding to
    the pressure of my niece's innocent young sex-mound rubbing blatantly
    on my bulging cock.

       I put her down before my prick grew to embarrassing proportions, and
    reached out my hand to young Jimmy. The boy took my hand in a strong
    grip and shook it powerfully. Christ, he was only sixteen but he was
    damn near as tall and muscular as his father was!

       Little, twelve-year-old Cindy pushed her big brother aside and
    jumped up into my arms like she had seen Jodie do, but this time I was
    somewhat alarmed to find that Cindy's tiny little ass was naked under
    under her skirt.. the cute little blonde wasn't wearing any panties! My
    palm closed over tight, warm squirming flesh as Cindy began to kiss me
    with just as much ardor as her mother and sister had done. My cock
    took another involuntary leap in my pants!

       As Cindy wriggled her tiny little behind in my hands, my fingers
    slipped quite by accident up into the little girl's cunt-crack. Luckily
    her skirt was long enough to hide the fact that my fingers were now
    actually touching the soft, hairless lips of my niece's tiny pre-teen
    little cunt. I tried to move my hands, but Cindy only giggled and
    squirmed her naked little pussy down against my fingers. I could feel
    the incredible heat of her tiny twelve-year-old cunt jammed tightly
    against my fingertips, and I didn't know what to do!

       Then, I spotted Tony approaching with hand outstretched. He was
    smiling broadly as he welcomed me, but I wondered with more than a
    little apprehension what the big man's reaction would be if he knew
    that while my right hand was shaking his, my left hand was firmly
    planted on his youngest daughter's hot, naked little twat.

       I decided to play dumb, since little Cindy wasn't reacting to the
    presence of my fingers between her legs. She was giggling and asking me
    all sorts of inane, childlike questions which I attempted to answer...
    all the time my fingers were slowly working their way further and
    further up between her thighs until my index finger actually slid
    between the little kid's tight, moist cuntlips.


                                 Part. 2

       I went to put her down then, as we headed off into the house, but
    little Cindy was having none of it. She squirmed against me, forcing
    more of my finger into her pussy, until she was impaled on it fully. I
    couldn't believe it!  Here I was, standing on my sister's front porch,
    talking to her and her husband with my middle finger jammed completely
    up their youngest daughter's tight, juicy little cunthole. Not only
    that, Cindy was moving her ass slowly up and down, grinding her
    hairless pubes against my palm, with a glazed, far-away look in her
    deep, blue little-girl eyes.

       I couldn't concentrate properly! My cock was beginning to stiffen
    noticeably, and Cindy's tight, hot young cunt was beginning to get
    decidedly wet around my deeply-imbedded finger. I couldn't believe that I
    could get my finger so far up inside her tiny cunt, let alone that
    the cute little twelve-year-old would let me do it to her in front of
    her parents, and not say anything! Not that anybody could see what I was
    doing. I had my hand up under Cindy's short skirt as I held her
    awkwardly on my hip, chatting to Tracy and Tony as if nothing was
    wrong. I became bolder, wiggling my finger gently in Cindy's tight,
    clinging young cunthole to see what the little kid would do.

       Cindy's response to my delving digit was to hunch her plump little
    crotch down against my finger and moan into my shoulder. Tracy looked
    at her daughter and smiled.

       "Cindy looks all tuckered out, Ted, and you must be tired too. Why
    don't you put her to bed and then join us in the den for coffee," my
    sister suggested.

       I nodded dumbly and headed off down the hallway with Cindy's small
    curvaceous body snuggled tightly against my chest, her tiny cunt still
    firmly impaled on my finger. Her head was on my shoulder and I could
    tell that her breathing was becoming very heavy and laboured. Despite
    her tender age, my little niece showed all the signs of growing more
    and more aroused by my finger in her tiny hole. I kissed her on the
    cheek and Cindy lifted her head, surprising me by planting her hot,
    open mouth over mine. Then, the precocious little twelve-year-old
    surprised me again by slithering her tiny tongue between my lips to
    play with mine.

       I returned her clumsy tongue-kiss passionately, frenching my pretty
    little niece in a sudden frenzy of lust. A momentary feeling of guilt
    flitted across my mind. God, she was my own sister's kid! AND only
    twelve years old! But I couldn't help myself. She obviously had done
    this kind of thing before and was definitely willingly, if not damn
    well eager for it!

       I began to move my finger more purposefully inside her tightly
    gripping snatch, actually fucking my whole finger in and out of her
    tight little cunthole. No matter how far I pressed into Cindy's
    clinging cunt, there was no barrier to my deeply plunging finger at
    all. I couldn't believe it! My cute innocent-looking little niece was
    no longer a virgin!  Shit! Twelve years old and she'd already been
    fucked! I wondered fleetingly who the lucky bastard was who got her
    little cherry.

       Cindy was moaning against my chest now and trying to bounce her
    little ass up and down on my hand. The horny young kid was literally
    fucking herself on my finger! On shaky legs, I made the last few paces
    to her room and kicked the door shut behind us.

       Laying her down on the bed, I sat down beside her, my finger never
    leaving her tender little slot for a second. Cindy looked up at me and
    spoke for the first time.

       "Bring me off please Uncle Ted", she almost whispered. "I need to
    cum real bad. I can't go to sleep unless I cum."

       I was dumbfounded. She was either a very promiscuous little girl, or
    something very strange was going on in this family. But at the moment I
    didn't really care why Cindy was acting the way she was, I only knew
    that it was tremendously exciting for me. My cock had never felt
    stiffer as it strained against the bulging crotch of my pants. Cindy
    noticed it too and reached out between my legs. With soft, sure fingers
    the little girl grabbed my cock and began to stroke her hand up and
    down the shaft through my pants.

       "Oooooh, it's a big one!", she cooed, gripping me so hard I thought
    I was going to cum in my pants. "It's even bigger than Da... umm..
    bigger than anything."

       She was going to say something else but caught herself before she
    let it slip. It didn't really matter, I was too horny to take much
    notice of anything except her little fist around my cock and my finger
    diddling her sweet, juicy little cunt.


                                 Part 3.

       As much as I wanted her to continue, I forced myself to pull her
    hand off my cock. If I went back to the den with a big wet patch in the
    crotch of my pants, it would take a lot of explaining. So I
    concentrated on Cindy, finger-fucking her hairless little twat with
    deep, forceful jabs. I could see her little clitbud poking out at the
    top of her tiny pink slit. It bulged out and rubbed against my palm
    each time I pushed my finger inside her.

       "Uuuhhhh, God! Uncle Ted! That feels wonderful!", she moaned. "Use
    another finger!"

       Huh? Did she just say what I thought she said? She wanted me to put
    TWO fingers inside her little cunt? It already felt as tight as a vice
    in there with only ONE finger stretching her tiny hole. I hesitated,
    but Cindy must have sensed my concern because she reached down and
    grabbed another of my fingers and stuffed it into her eager young twat
    herself!

       "Mmmmmm, yessssss! That feels better!" she smiled. "Now, shove them
    in deep and make me cum, Uncle Ted!"

       In a dream, I did as the cute little kid asked, fucking her tiny
    hairless slot forcefully with my twin digits. Cindy's moaning became a
    little too loud and I had to put my hand over her mouth in case the
    others heard her excited cries. I could feel her twelve-year-old cunt
    ripple and spasm tightly around my fingers as she came, squealing
    silently into my other hand.

       On impulse, I pulled my finger from her cunt and dropped my face
    between her legs and plastered my mouth over Cindy's tiny, gaping cunt,
    sucking and licking voraciously. She tasted delicious! Her hairless
    pubes soft and juicy against my trembling lips. I took her clit into my
    mouth and sucked hard, bringing her off again in a tumultuous flurry of
    tiny legs and ass.

       By the time I'd sucked and licked up all her little-girl cum, Cindy
    was almost asleep. Her eyes drooping shut as she lay back against the
    pillow, a completely exhausted, yet totally satisfied, little girl. I
    gave her little pink, pussy-slit one last tongue-kiss and stood up.
    Cindy opened her eyes lazily and smiled.

       "Thank-you, Uncle Ted!", she muttered sleepily.

       "My pleasure, honey! Sleep tight!", I said.

       I opened the door to her room and stepped out, closed it behind me,
    but not before taking one last longing look at Cindy's gorgeous naked
    little body. As I walked back towards the den, I brought my fingers to
    my nose and sniffed, inhaling the fragrant lingering odor of Cindy's
    little-girl cunt.

       When I got there, the rest of the family was watching TV. Tracy was
    sitting on the couch next to her husband while Jimmy and Jodie lay
    beside each other on the floor. As I got closer, I couldn't help
    noticing that Jodie's short dress had rucked up almost to her waist and
    from where he was sitting Tony must have had a clear view right up
    between his daughter's casually spread thighs.

       Tracy nudged Tony and told him to get up and let me sit down next to
    her, which he did.

       "Did Cindy manage to get you to do it for her, Ted?", asked Tracy
    with a smile.

       "Huh?" I said, looking guilty.

       "Did she get you to read her a story, silly?", my sister replied.

       "Er... yeah... sure! It was no problem. Umm.. then she went
    straight to sleep," I lied, hoping Tracy couldn't smell her daughter's
    cunt-juice on me.

       Tony came to my rescue and handed me my coffee. We chatted quietly
    about this and that, but my eyes kept flicking back to Jodie's cute,
    sexy little ass poking provocatively out from under her rucked up
    skirt. She was certainly starting to fill out, I thought, nice rounded
    little butt, firm pointy little tits, long slim legs and a narrow waist
    without any hint of the puppy-fat she had when I last saw her.


                                 Part 4.

       I pretended I was glancing at the TV, but each time my eyes would
    feast on the lovely bulge between Jodie's carelessly spread legs. She
    was wearing a pair of powder blue panties that moulded themselves to
    her sweet young crotch like a second skin. I could even see the groove
    of her plump little pussy outlined all the way to her asshole.

       "That's a nice view, isn't it Ted", said Tracy suddenly.

       I tore my eyes off Jodie's delicious crotch and stared stupidly at
    my sister. Had she seen me ogling her little daughter's shamelessly
    exposed twat? I was ready for a real chewing out.

       "Sorry, sis? What did you say?" I blurted, trying to act dumb.

       "You're not with it tonight.. are you silly?", grinned Tracy,
    snuggling up against me. "I asked you if you liked the view. It's a
    place near here. We could go up there one day if you want."

       Tracy pointed to the TV and I turned back to look, this time at the
    television set. There was a travelogue show on, showing a series of
    beautiful mountain vistas. `Shit, that was close', I thought, breathing
    a silent sigh of relief.

       "Yeah! Sure!", I mumbled into my coffee. "I'd love to go"

       Tracy snuggled closer up against me, throwing her arm across my
    chest. I could feel her left breast pressed enticingly against my
    shoulder, the nipple hard and erect through the thin tee-shirt she was
    wearing. The heat of her body was intense and her closeness was making
    my own temperature soar. My cock started to rise once more but before I
    could do anything about it, Tracy cupped it with her hand.

       "My.. my.. what have you been thinking about, Ted?" she whispered,
    giving my cock a good feel. "Mmmmmm, brother, you sure pack a nice cut
    lunch."

       I didn't know what to say! Here was my own sister fondling my cock
    with her husband and kids in the room. Jesus!

       I squirmed a little to allow my cock-bulge to grow without cutting
    off the circulation to my balls. Tracy was ignoring her husband who sat
    in the armchair to our right, staring at the show on TV.

       "Stop it, Tracy!" I whispered. "What the hell are you doing?"

       "Copping a feel of my brother's big cock?" she teased. "Don't you
    want me to?"

       "Shit, Sis! What if Tony catches you, he's sitting just over there,
    for Christ's sake!"

       "Don't worry about Tony..." she whispered, licking my ear "....he
    can find his own fun. By the way, did you fuck Cindy before?"

       "Huh?"

       "I said did you FUCK her?"

       "Ahrr... n... no!"

       "Hmmmm, that doesn't sound like her at all," smiled Tracy, "Are you
    sure you didn't do anything to her at all?"

       "No... I don't know what the hell you're talking about?" I lied.

       My sister grabbed my right hand and before I could stop her, she
    pulled it up to her nose and sniffed. Her smile broadened into a
    lascivious grin.

       "You finger-fucked her, you sly bastard," murmured Tracy, poking out
    her tongue. Seductively she licked my fingers one at a time, tasting
    her own daughter's cunt as she cleaned Cindy's stale pussy-juice of my
    fingers.

       Then she did something that really had me scared. With a flick of
    her wrist, Tracy pulled down my zipper, reached inside my pants and had
    my stiff, throbbing erection out and clasped tightly in her fist in a
    flash.

       "Hey kids, look!" she said loudly. "Uncle Ted's got a hard-on"


                                 Part 5.

       Jodie and Jimmy turned around to see. Jimmy just grinned, but the
    look on Jodie's face was unmistakable. She was staring hungrily at my
    crotch like she was starving and my rock-hard cock was a three course
    meal! I turned apologetically to Tony, but he was grinning just as much
    as Jimmy.

       "Wow!", breathed Jodie, still staring at her mother as Tracy
    continued jerking her fist up and down the length my fully erect cock.
    "Can I do that, Mom?"

       I looked down as the sexy-looking little thirteen-year-old crawled
    over and knelt in front of me, her firm, unrestrained little tits
    jiggling provocatively under her thin top.

       As I watched stupified, Tracy handed my cock over to her daughter,
    who took over jerking her tiny fist up and down my thick, throbbing
    shaft.

       Tony came over and kissed his wife hotly, fondling her fabulous tits
    through her tee-shirt.

       "Good work, honey! I knew you could do it!", chuckled Tony, " and in
    record time too!"

       I was totally confused! First twelve-year-old Cindy had let me
    finger-fuck her, and suck her tasty little twat to orgasm... then
    suddenly, my sister whips my cock out and lets thirteen-year-old Jodie
    jack her fist up and down on it... and now her husband is
    congratulating her???? Shit, what the hell had happened to my sister's
    family... had they all been pigging out on locoweed... or some other
    more mind-numbing weed? Looking down at gorgeous little long-haired
    Jodie busily masturbating my cock, I suddenly didn't give a damn.

       "Jimmy, go and get Cindy," said Tracy to her son. "She wouldn't want
    to miss this for the world."

       "Sure thing, Mom", replied the handsome sixteen-year-old, jumping to
    his feet.

       "And don't take all night, okay?" smiled Tracy. "I know how YOU
    usually wake up your little sister!"

       "Okay, Mom", laughed Jimmy, racing off down the hall.

       Tracy turned to her husband.

       "I think it's time to show Ted one of our special videos, don't you
    dear?" she asked, winking at Tony.

       "Yep! I sure do!", Tony said, moving over to the video player.
    "Which one. baby?"

       "The one from Cindy's twelveth birthday, would be a good choice I
    think, under the circumstances."

       Tony opened a cabinet and took out a video cassette and popped it
    into the player. Standing back to adjust the contrast as the first
    images appeared. The opening shot was of a decorated room, and I
    instantly recognised it as the one in which we were sitting now. The
    image panned to the hallway and focused on a young girl walking towards
    the camera. It was Cindy, and she was completely naked. Her tiny tits
    were almost all nipple, but she definately had shape about her. Her
    tiny waist rounded delightfully into gorgeous, creamy thighs. The
    camera zoomed up to concentrate on her naked pussy as Cindy approached.
    The image was well lit and very sharp. So sharp in fact, that I could
    clearly make out Cindy's little pink cuntslit... the same hot, moist
    little crevice my fingers had slipped into only minutes after I arrived
    tonight.


                                 Part 6.

       I tore my eyes off the TV screen when I felt Jodie's hot breath on
    the tip of my cock. She was still stroking her soft little hand
    expertly up and down my throbbing prick, but now she had angled it
    slightly so that the head was pointed directly at her parted lips. The
    visibly excited young thirteen-year-old had managed to pull her panties
    off and now had her other hand shoved between her naked thighs, her
    agile fingers rubbing furiously at her gaping pussyslit. She was still
    staring at my raging cock like she wanted to swallow it whole, and I
    was almost tempted to let her do just that when Jimmy returned with
    little Cindy.

       They were both naked and Jimmy's cock swung before him, as stiff as
    a railroad spike. He was very well hung for a sixteen-year-old, and his
    formidable erection was glistening with wetness, which I suspected was
    a liberal coating of little Cindy's saliva. My sister noticed it too
    and grinned at her son broadly.

       "Couldn't help yourself, could you Jimmy?" laughed Tracy, removing
    her clothes. "Ooooh, you really are nice and hard tonight, aren't you
    baby? Come over here and let Mommy give you a quick blow-job before the
    real fun starts." Then she turned to Cindy. "Go sit with Daddy and
    watch the video, honey."

       I stared mesmerized at Tracy's gorgeous, naked body as Jimmy strode
    over to his mother and held his stiff young prick out for her to suck.
    Without a trace of shame, Tracy gripped her son's thick, bobbing shaft
    with her fist and popped the head of Jimmy's huge, bloated cock
    straight into her mouth.

       Cindy gave me a big smile and ran to her father who was sitting
    naked in an armchair stroking his own erect cock. The little girl
    jumped up onto her father's lap and hugged him lovingly. Her hard
    little tits pressed against his hairy chest, and I could see she was
    actively grinding her hairless little cunt down onto her father's
    massive hardon which was trapped between their bellies. Tony reached
    round and cupped his daughter's ass, one tiny cheek in each hand. Cindy
    moaned something into her father's ear.

       "Later, honey! We've got a guest remember. Turn around an watch the
    video.... you remember when we took that don't you?"

       All eyes returned to the TV screen as Cindy let out a cry of
    recognition.

       "Yeahhhh! I remember! That's my last birthday party!", she giggled
    happily. "That's when you and Jimmy did it to me for the first time!"

       With those words ringing in my ears, I watched the scene unfolding
    on the video with rising excitement. Even with all that was happening,
    I still found it hard to accept that my sister's family was into incest
    in a BIG way. Tracy stopped sucking Jimmy's cock and patted the boy on
    the ass.

       "Okay, that's enough for now, stud!", she grinned, licking her lips.
    "Let's get comfortable and watch the video."

       She got up and pushed Jimmy back into the other armchair and sat on
    his lap, careful not to squash his straining erection. It poked up
    lewdly from between her thighs and with her eyes on the screen, Tracy
    lay back against her son, fondling his cock and balls lightly. Jimmy's
    hand reached round and cupped his mother's tits, squeezing and
    massaging the firm, creamy mounds with practised familiarity.

       "Jodie, honey, why don't you sit up on Uncle Ted's lap too," said
    Tracy. "You won't have to turn around all the time to see the video
    then."

       Jodie stood up between my thighs and removed her top. I almost
    gasped aloud at the sight of her delicious little body totally
    unclothed, as nature had intended. Her small conical tits were almost
    as big as her mother's, but then again my sister always was kind of
    petite and her tits were what you'd call "a nice mouthful". Jodie's
    looked just as delectable. Her cute little twat was as hairless as
    Cindy's but slightly plumper and her pussylips gaped open slightly,
    giving me a good clear view of her inviting pink cuntslit.

       With a giggle, Jodie turned around and sat her gorgeous little ass
    on my belly, so that my cock lay pulsing up between her slender young
    thighs. It pressed hotly against her naked cuntmound, throbbing with
    eager anticipation. Jodie lay back with her head on my shoulder like
    her mother and Jimmy had done and reached down between her legs to
    resume her idle fondling of my cock. I looked over at Tony and Cindy
    and found that the little girl was sitting on her father's lap in
    exactly the same fashion. His huge cock was jammed so tightly up
    against Cindy's little crotch that from where I was sitting it looked
    like the cute, naked little twelve-year-old had suddenly sprouted a
    cock of her own.

       Tony reached for the control and turned the volume up so we could
    hear what was being said. The scene had shifted to a wide shot of the
    den, and it soon became clear that the birthday girl wasn't the only
    one in her "birthday suit".


                                 Part 7.

    In the center of the picture, stood Cindy and Tony, the big man
 towering over his little daughter head and shoulders. Both were wearing
 big smiles... and nothing else. Around them the rest of the guests sat in
 chairs, or on the floor, all of them completely naked. Young Jimmy was
 sitting beside Jodie on the couch, the very same couch I was sitting in
 now, his arm around her neck and his hand firmly cupping one of his
 sister's tits. Jodie had her little fist around Jimmy's cock, absently
 jerking the boy off as they listened what Tony had to say.

    "First of all, I'd like to thank you all for coming here today,"
 boomed Tony's voice through the TV speaker.

    "I haven't even cum once yet!", a man's voice laughed off-camera.

    "Shut up Ray, you horny bastard, you'll get your chance soon enough!",
 chuckled Tony, then continued his speech. "As you all know... it's
 Cindy's birthday!"

    There was a noisy cheer from the audience and little Cindy took a bow,
 completely unruffled by her total lack of clothing, or all the attention
 she was getting. Tony gave her cute little ass a playful squeeze and
 continued.

    "It's not just any birthday, folks." he grinned. "It's Cindy's twelfth
 birthday, and you all know what the means, right?!"

    Another cheer from the gathering, this time a couple of appreciative
 whistles from some of the male members of the crowd.

    "Yes! It's Cindy's big day!", continued Tony. "The day she becomes a
 woman... right, honey?"

    Cindy gave her father a big hug and nodded her head enthusiastically.
 "Yep! My daddy's gonna fuck me today!", she said speaking directly to the
 camera. My cock twitched between Jodie's thighs as I realised I was
 actually going to see my brother-in-law take his youngest daughter's
 cherry!

    Jodie felt my involuntary movement and wrapped her hot little fist
 around my cock, squeezing gently as she moved her tightly curled fingers
 up and down the shaft. I looked over at Tony and Cindy sitting in the
 chair next to me. Tony had his middle finger buried in his daughter's
 tight little honey-pot and Cindy was squirming her tiny crotch onto his
 hand. They were totally absorbed in their own incestuous foreplay, hardly
 noticing the images on the TV screen in front of us.

    I looked over at my sister and Jimmy who seemed far too engrossed in
 ramming their tongues down each other's throats to watch the video
 either. Even the gorgeous little girl on my lap was paying more attention
 to my cock than to the activity on the TV screen. I seemed to be the only
 one watching. In a daze, I returned my attention back to the TV in time
 to hear the final part of Tony's speech.

    "...and so, as our tradition demands, the privilege of making a woman
 out of this gorgeous young virgin falls to her father.... ME!!"

    A loud cheer went up from the assembled party-goers as Tony swept his
 daughter into in his arms and they kissed passionately. Cindy's hand went
 straight down to her father's cock and began to stroke him. Tony's prick
 began to swell in her little fist until Cindy couldn't get her fingers
 around it. Then my sister, Tracy stepped into the picture and positioned
 a foam mattress on the floor at their feet. It was then I realized that
 not only was Tony going to fuck his little 12-year-old daughter and take
 her virginity.... he was going to do it right there in front of
 everybody!

    My cock gave another twitch and Jodie giggled, lying back against my
 chest.

    "Oooohh, Uncle Ted! Your cock feels even bigger and harder than
 Daddy's!", she murmured, running her tight little fist up and down the
 incredibly swollen shaft.

    "Unnnnnmmmmm! You'd better stop that, honey, unless you want me to cum
 all over your belly.", I groaned.

    Jodie just giggled and squirmed her little ass into my lap. I reached
 round in front of her and cupped her budding young breasts, squeezing and
 fondling the conical little mounds as I turned my attention once more to
 the incredible images on the screen before me.


                                 Part 8.

    The camera zoomed in between little Cindy's skinny young thighs as
 Tony lay his daughter down onto the hastily-prepared bed. Her tiny,
 pussy-slit looked quite swollen and juicy, the tight, hairless little
 cuntlips pulled apart by her wide-spread legs into a hungry grin of
 adolescent desire. Tony loomed above her, his impressively large cock
 still only at half-mast as he knelt between his little daughter's thighs,
 for a second before dropping his face into her crotch.

    Tony's put his hands under her ass and lifted Cindy's pussy to his
 mouth. His lips opened and even on the grainy video, I could clearly see
 his tongue enter her slit, making her tight little ass jump in his hands.
 Cindy obviously wanted more, and her father obliged by darting his tongue
 deep up inside her eager young slit, again and again.

    Cindy, squealed and bucked her tiny cunt up at her Daddy's mouth, her
 little legs wide apart as Tony's stiff tongue delved deep up inside her,
 stirring yet more desire in the little twelve-year-old's hotly-writhing
 body.

    Tony was holding his daughter's cuntlips open as he tongued her young
 slit. Her little gash was bright red inside and very, very wet. I thought
 at first it was just Tony's saliva, but then I saw him licking up a light
 creamy liquid that seemed to bubble up from inside my little niece's
 pussy.

    "Ohh, Daddy!  Suck me hard! I'm cumming already! Ooh God... ooh God..
 oh shit!", Cindy whimpered mindlessly.

    I watched as the little girl climaxed on Tony's wildly-flicking
 tongue. Her tiny ass was squirming all over the matress, her fingers in
 her father's hair, pulling his mouth down over her tiny hunching twat.
 Then she came, screaming and wailing like a banshee. I never knew a
 little girl could make so much noise. But nobody seemed to mind, least of
 all my sister Tracy, who knelt beside the matress stroking her daughter's
 sweaty forehead and whispering encouragement to the quivering, panting
 little 12-year-old... as if having her father suck her immature young
 cunt to orgasm was the most natural thing in the world.

    Then, Tony stood up and knelt between his little girl's legs. His cock
 looked enormous waving over her tiny pussy. Cindy had quietened down a
 bit, but she was still moaning. Tony held his little daughter's knees
 wide apart and inched up between her thighs until the tip of his cock
 pressed against her young pussylips. On the screen her father's huge,
 bloated cockhead looked impossibly large, compared to the little girl's
 pre-teen cuntslit, but Cindy's tiny hips seemed to have a life of their
 own.

    "Ready, honey?" asked Tony.

    Cindy nodded, biting her bottom lip in anticipation.  Without warning,
 Tony suddenly hunched forwards, burying his cock into his daughter's tiny
 little fuckhole with one long, fluid motion.  It was beautiful. Watching
 Cindy's sweet little cuntlips flower open and engulf her Daddy's prick
 seemed like the most beautiful and natural thing in the world.

    The look on Cindy's face as the camera zoomed in on her spoke volumes.
 There was a little pain in her wide young eyes at first, but then a look
 of total rapture as her father's big, thick cock slid deep into her
 tight, young hole and began to move inside her. Cindy wrapped her tiny
 legs around her father's hips and thrust her hot little cunt up at him
 eagerly as Tony began to fuck her slowly.

    I pulled Jodie's hand off my prick and lifted her bodily into the air,
 depositing her tight, willing little cunt over my cock. Watching my
 bother-in-law fuck his 12-year-old daughter on video while they sat only
 a few feet away, feeling each other up, was just too much! I needed to
 bury my prick into something hot and tight and wet... real quick!
 Luckily, Jodie didn't object one little bit. In fact, the sexy young minx
 couldn't get her hot little cunt on top of my cock fast enough!

    "Ohhhh, Uncle Ted! I wanna fuck you so much," she gasped. I couldn't
 have agreed with the horny little kid more!

    Jodie straddled my hips and grabbed my prick, fitting the head between
 her cuntlips.  With adolescent urgency, she ground her slender young hips
 downwards... eager to fuck.  At the same time, I hunched upwards, and my
 cock slid right into her cunt!

    God! Nothing could have prepared me for the feeling.  Jodie was so
 damn tight! I could feel every ridge and contour of her insides as her
 little pussy engulfed me, grasping my cock in a grip that almost hurt.
 For a second I was stunned, unable to move, but Jodie would have none of
 that, the horny little kid grabbed my shoulders and began to bounce up
 and down on my deeply-imbeded cock like it was some kind of rodeo-ride!

    "Oooooh, come on! Fuck me, Uncle Ted! Hurry up and fuck me!!!
 Uhhhhhhh, God, I want it so bad!"


                                 Part 9.

    Jodie's wanton pleading spurred me into motion and I began to move my
 cock in and out of her tight, clinging young cunthole, fucking her hard
 and fast just like her father was doing to little Cindy on the TV screen
 in front of us. Only thing was, this was for real! I was actually fucking
 my sexy 13-year-old niece!! Not only that... I was fucking the horny
 little kid with her parents sitting in the same room!!!!

    Her face was buried in my shoulder as Jodie panted out her lust,
 grinding her snug, slippery little cunt up and down over my incredibly
 stiff cock with an urgency that both surprised and excited me.

    "Ohhh, Uncle Ted!  Jesus, yesssss!  Fuck me! Fuck me like that! Oooh,
 that's so good! You're soooooo biiiiiiiggg!"

    Obviously the sexy little kid was used to a good hard fucking, but had
 never yet felt a cock the size of mine in her her tight horny, little
 cunt before. After only a couple of minutes, she suddenly jerked and
 squealed so loudly, I almost had the urge to put my hand over her mouth
 to shut her up. My sister looked over at us with a sly smile on her
 pretty face.

    "Jesus, Ted!  What are you doin' to that poor little girl?", she
 asked.

    "I'm...  uhhh, shit...  I'm fucking her, Trace!", I panted slamming my
 prick up into Jodie's clasping little pussy. "I'm f... fucking her
 tight... hot... wet... little cunt!"

    "Uhhhhhhh, God! He sure is, Mom!", grunted Jodie. "You should feel how
 long and th... ummmm... thick his cock is! Ohhhhhhhh! Unnnhhhhgggghhhh!

    "I intend to, honey!", grinned Tracy, giving me a lewd wink.

    My cock twitched up inside Jodie's tight little cunt at the very
 thought of fucking my gorgeous little sister.

    Without taking her eyes of me, Tracy whispered into her son's ear and
 pushed the boy off her lap. Jimmy got between his mother's legs and
 spread them wide, lowering his handsome young face to his mother's gaping
 pink pussy-slit like it was the most natural thing in the world. Tracy
 pushed the boy's mouth into her naked crotch and hunched her slim hips up
 at his tongue as Jimmy began licking and sucking her wet, hairy cunt
 hungrily.

    Her eyes were glazed over with lust, but she kept staring at my cock
 sliding up inside her daughter's tight little cunt as I fucked young
 Jodie... or rather, as the hot little 13-year-old fucked me! Tracy's lips
 were moving, but nothing was coming out. Then, through my own lust-crazed
 haze I realized what she was doing. My sweet, sexy little sister was
 mouthing the words; "Fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck her!", as she watched my
 long, glistening cock slam up inside her eldest daughter's hungry little
 pussy.

    I grabbed Jodie's hard young ass and lifted her up, slamming my cock
 deep up into her hot little cunt like there was no tomorrow. Jodie
 spasmed.  I could feel her tiny twat contract around my cock like a
 little fist. She was cumming like crazy. I lost track of how many times
 Jodie climaxed, I just kept fucking her and fucking her... watching my
 sexy, depraved sister hunch her glistening cunt up at her son's mouth.

    Jodie was beside herself with lust, bouncing her hot little cunt up
 and down over my deeply-buried cock as she squealed in ecstasy.

    "UNGGHHHHH, GOD!  DON'T STOP!.. JESUS, DON'T STOP, UNCLE TED!.. FUCK
 MEEEE! OOOOOOOOOOOH! AHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGHHH!"

    She needn't have worried, nothing on earth could have made me stop
 right then.  I grabbed her heaving little ass with both hands and
 continued to fuck her as hard as I could, striving for my own orgasm
 which was building rapidly. Jodie's climax seemed to last for a long
 time, or maybe it was a series of many little ones, I didn't know. All I
 wanted to do right then was come myself, and with her tight, 13-year-old
 cunt spasming around my prick, that didn't take long.

    Jodie was still climaxing as my cock exploded inside her, and I heard
 her moan loudly as I squirted my hot, incestuous load deep up into her
 belly, at the same time feeling her hot, snug little cunt convulse
 tightly around my pistoning prick.

    "Uhhh! Uuuhh! Uuuuuuuhh, baby! I'm cummmming!", I grunted, really
 pounding her hot little cunt hard.

    Jodie wrapped her arms around my shoulders and hugged me real tight,
 almost crushing me in her arms as I hunched up into her belly, emptying
 my sperm-filled balls into her hot, forbidden little hole. When my own
 contractions had ceased, I kept pumping my prick up inside her pussy
 until it started to soften. Jodie slumped on top of me, hugging me some
 more as she ground her tight little cunt down over my wilting cock. Her
 hot little mouth found mine and we kissed passionately for several
 minutes, just stroking each other's naked bodies gently... catching our
 breath.


                              Part 10.

    Once I'd recovered my senses, I looked over at Tracy. Jimmy was
 kneeling between his mother's wide-spread legs now... his long, slender
 cock buried deeply in my sister's cunt. Her legs were draped wantonly
 over the muscular young boy's shoulders as Jimmy pounded his young prick
 into her, fucking his mother incessantly with deep, hard, penetrating
 strokes that seemed to take her breath away.

    On the other lounge chair, Cindy had managed to squirm her hot juicy
 young slit down over her father's huge cock and was riding Tony like a
 sex-starved little cowgirl. Her tiny, hairless young cunt was stretched
 so widely around her Daddy's thick cock, I couldn't imagine how the
 little 12-year-old was feeling any pleasure at all. But Cindy's loud
 moans and squeals of ecstasy as she bounced up and down on her father's
 big prick were tacit proof that the horny young kid was certainly getting
 a lot of satisfaction from the incredibly deep penetration.

    Jodie began snuggling her naked little body against me, nuzzling my
 neck and grinding her cum-filled little cunt against my limp cock in a
 way that soon had me hard again. On the TV screen in front of me, Tony
 was still pounding little Cindy with a ferocity that matched his little
 daughter's hot, adolescent hunger. It was strange to hear the same moans
 of pleasure coming from both the TV and the chair beside me at the same
 time.

    Jimmy suddenly let out a loud grunt and began pumping his mother's
 upthrust cunt with savage thrusts. His back was arched and his handsome
 young face was a contorted mask of ecstasy as he slammed his spurting
 cock deep up inside his mother's womb. Tracy was moaning loudly, but
 didn't appear to be that close to orgasm herself. She rode her out her
 son's frantic orgasm and held the boy close as he collapsed on top of
 her, his passion spent... at least for the time being. Tracy looked over
 at me dreamily and smiled. Then her eyes spotted my erect cock throbbing
 stiffly in Jodie's hand as the little girl jerked me off.

    "Mmmmmmmm! Wanna put that somewhere nice and hot and juicy, brother
 dear?", she grinned.

    "No! I got it hard! Get Jimmy to fuck you. I want Uncle Ted to fuck me
 again!" said Jodie, flashing her mother a jealous look.

    I couldn't believe it. Two gorgeous, naked women fighting over my
 rock-hard cock. Not to mention that the two gorgeous women in question
 were my very own sister and her 13-year-old daughter. My cock twitched in
 Jodie's hand at the thought of fucking my sexy sister.

    "Don't be greedy, Jo!", frowned Tracy. "If you want another fuck, ask
 your brother. It's my turn with `Uncle' Ted!"

    "Awwww, Mom!"

    Reluctantly, young Jodie released her grip on my cock and went over to
 where Jimmy was lying on the floor. Without a word she dropped to her
 knees and bent forward, taking the boy's limp, sticky cock right into her
 mouth. She made a horny sight kneeling there, her cute little ass poking
 in the air, cum leaking from her glistening young pussy-slit and her
 brother's cock inside her hot little mouth to the balls. Mmmmmm, mmmm! If
 my sister hadn't come over and wrapped her hands around my cock, I
 wouldn't have been able to help myself from crawling up behind Jodie's
 naked ass and shoving my prick back into the little girl's cunt from the
 rear.

    As it was, I didn't have to, my cock was soon enveloped by the juicy,
 clinging flesh of Tracy's hot mouth! My own sister was sucking my cock!
 Her sexy eyes were fixed on mine as she swallowed my meat, something I
 find extremely arousing when getting a blow-job. Her fingers were lightly
 squeezing my balls as if gently trying to coax the sperm from them.

    "Ohhhh, God, Trace!", I murmured placing my hand on top of my sister's
 head. "Suck it! Suck my cock!"

    I still couldn't believe it was happening. I half expected to wake up
 and find myself in the middle of a wild wet dream. But the mouth on my
 prick felt real enough, and the hair that was now brushing against my
 naked stomach felt real enough, too. My sexy young sister was kneeling
 between my open thighs, sucking my throbbing prick like her life depended
 on it! Occasionally, to my utter delight, Tracy would run her tongue down
 the length of my cock and begin licking my balls. Then she opened her
 lips wide and sucked them into her mouth one at a time, nibbling them
 gently. God, I was in heaven!!

    "Uhhhhhh, fuck! Yeahhhh! Suck my balls!" I moaned, curling my fingers
 in my sister's hair. "Suck my fuckin' balls, baby!!"

    Tracy lifted her head off my cock and looked up at me with the sexiest
 look I have ever seen and smiled at me.

    "Mmmmmm, you like that, don't you big brother! You have such big fat
 balls, Ted. I'll just bet they're all full of delicious, hot cum again
 already. Would you like me to suck that cum right out of your swollen
 balls and let you shoot it into my mouth, lover? Would you like me to
 suck you off, big brother?"

   "Ohhh God, yeah! Please! Anything! Just put your mouth back on my cock
 and suck it, Trace!", I panted. I was past caring whether my sister
 sucked me off or I fucked her cunt. I just wanted to cum... and quick!


                              Part 11.

    "Hold onto your seat then, stud, you're gonna LOVE this!" she said,
 plunging her mouth back down over my rigid fucker.

    Tracy took my whole cock into her mouth in one gulp, then began to bob
 her pretty head up and down on the length of my prick as fast as she
 could, taking the long, glistening shaft down her throat all the way to
 my balls on each downward plunge. God, my own sister was deep-throating
 me, and it felt fantastic... just like a tight, hot juice cunt sliding up
 and down on my cock!

    At this rate, I knew it wouldn't be long before I shot my wad and
 filled my sister's sucking mouth with cum. And Tracy looked like she
 could hardly wait to taste my thick hot incestuous sperm. I began lifting
 my hips up off the couch, forcing my prick deep into her throat with each
 thrust until I was actually fucking my sister's mouth!

    Tracy took it all easily, sucking me deep into her throat without so
 much as a flinch. I guess with two well-hung males like Tony and horny
 young Jimmy around, she'd had PLENTY of practice.

    She reached between my legs and fondled my balls again, squeezing them
 and rolling them gently in her hand while she sucked me off. She could
 feel my balls squirming in their sac as she played with them. With her
 other hand, Tracy reached up between her legs and I watched her slip two
 stiff fingers up inside herself and start to finger-fuck her horny
 juice-filled cunt.

    My sister was doing things that I never thought possible with her lips
 and tongue and her sucking throat. I had experienced plenty of blow-jobs
 before, but never one delivered with so much depth of feeling as this.
 Who would have imagined that the best oral sex of my entire life would
 come from my very own sister! I couldn't wait to fuck her horny little
 cunt too. It looked so tight the way her pussy-lips clung to her fingers
 each time she pulled them out of her hole. I imagined my cock replacing
 her fingers and fucking that hot, juicy little slot just like I was
 fucking her mouth.

    It was all too much for me. I felt my balls suddenly tightening
 between my straining legs and knew that I would soon be squirting a load
 of sperm right down my pretty little sister's throat.

   "I'm gonna cum, Trace!", I warned her. "I'm gonna fuckin' cum! Jesus!
 Suck it, you gorgeous little cunt! Oh, Tracy, baby! Suck the cum outta
 my fuckin' cock!"

    I grunted loudly and fucked my prick up between my sister's
 tightly-stretched lips as I blasted my first wad of cum into her mouth.
 Tracy kept right on sucking and bobbing up and down on my prick when she
 felt it jerk in her throat. When she felt the first hot spurt of cum
 against the roof of her mouth, she grabbed my balls and squeezed tightly,
 heightening my pleasure even more.

    "Uhhhnnnnnnggghhh! Godddddddd! Oh, shit! " I moaned as my brain
 exploded with pleasure again and again, my cock sending jet after jet of
 hot, creamy jism into my sister's frantically-gulping mouth.

    My whole body shook with each shot of cum that spurted down her
 throat. It seemed to last so long, I thought I would never stop coming
 in her wonderful clinging mouth. I closed my eyes at the height of my
 pleasure and saw stars. I thought I would keel over from the sheer wild
 pleasure my gorgeous little sister was making me feel.

    Tracy tried to swallow all the sperm I shot into her mouth, but there
 was too much. Even after fucking little Jodie and dumping a sizable load
 into her eager little twat, I still had more than enough for my sister to
 handle. The bubbling cream ran out of her mouth and dripped down the
 shaft of my cock, soaking my balls and dripping onto the couch. Finally,
 Tracy had to let my cock pull from her mouth and take a deep breath.

    She looked into my eyes and smiled wickedly, licking my cum from her
 lips with her tongue.

   "You really know how to give a girl a meal, don't you?" she grinned.

   "It sure do, Sis," I replied. "And you sure know how to suck a cock!"

   Tracy giggled and scrambled up onto the couch beside me. I pulled her
 into my arms and we kissed passionately. I could taste my own cum on her
 lips and the thought excited me even more. Tracy broke our kiss and
 looked longingly into my eyes.

   "Uuuuuhhhh, Ted, I'm so horny! Feel my cunt! Feel how hot it is!"

    Tracy took my hand in hers and guided it between her legs. We both
 moaned softly as my fingers touched her pussy. She was hot alright, very
 hot... and very, very wet. Jimmy's sperm mixed with her own drooling
 arousal had my sister's gooey little hole as steamy as a tropical swamp.


                              Part 12.

    "God! You're soaking, Sis!" I said, feeling her hot juices flood out
 into the palm of my hand.

    "Sucking your big beautiful cock and tasting your cum made me hot,
 baby" breathed Tracy hotly. Her lips were almost touching mine, and she
 had the most gorgeously wanton look on her pretty young face. "I want you
 to lick my pussy, Ted!", she panted, "I know I'm very wet down there, but
 sucking you made me so awfully horny! Will you, baby? Pleeeeease?!"

    I could never refuse my gorgeous little sister anything before, and
 now with her pretty, cum-smeared face looking up at me like an expectant
 child, I just melted. Besides, if was going to fulfill my dream and
 actually fuck her, my cock needed time to recuperate. I smiled evilly at
 her and pulled my fingers from her drooling cunt.

    "It'll be my pleasure, Sis," I grinned.

    "Mine too, I hope!", giggled Tracy lying on her back and spreading her
 legs.

    "Jesus!", I moaned, staring down at the glistening, pink slit of my
 sister's pussy.

    Her puffy, swollen cuntlips gaped open slightly allowing a tiny
 trickle of pussy-cream to run down into the crack of her ass. I had never
 seen a more delicious-looking cunt in my life! Licking my lips I bent
 forward and bent my head between Tracy's open thighs, sliding my hands up
 under those tight, round little buns of hers. Her skin felt smooth and
 firm in my hands, and she moaned softly in anticipation as I lowered my
 lips to her eagerly-awaiting slit.

    "Uuuuuhhhhh, yeahhhhh! Put your mouth on my cunt and suck my brains
 out, big brother!", she gasped.

    The very thought made my cock twitch and throb even before my lips
 touched her juicy, wet snatch. I opened my mouth wide and covered her
 leaking hole, giving her nether-lips a deep, soulful tongue-kiss. Tracy
 let out a deep, animal groan of pleasure and I felt the muscles of her
 hot little asscheeks tighten in my fingers. Pressing my open mouth down
 over her pussy, I lifted my sister's ass with my hands and drove my
 tongue up into her tasty little cunthole as far as I could.

    Tracy seemed to go crazy with lust, grinding her crotch up at my face
 with tiny, jerky circular movements and moaning loudly as she abandoned
 herself to the intense pleasure I was giving her. It had been a long time
 since I had felt a woman react to my mouth and tongue on her cunt like my
 sister was doing. My cock was already hard and throbbing between my legs,
 almost painfully so, as I probed and licked and sucked my sexy sister
 towards orgasm. As the flavour of her pussy changed slightly, I realized
 that I was also sucking out the remains of the creamy load Jimmy had
 squirted up his sister's cunt only minutes before. The depraved thought
 only served to excite me even further.

    "Uhhhhhnnngghh! Goddd! That feels so goooood!", moaned Tracy hunching
 her hips up off the couch. "Stick it in deeper, baby. Oh, yes! Yessss!
 Bury your tongue in my fuckhole. Oh God, yes! Suck it! Suck my hot pussy,
 lover!"

     With those wanton words ringing in my ears, I thrust my tongue as far
 up inside her cunthole as I could. My nose was pressed against her clit
 and I could hardly breathe, but I never let up I licked and sucked away
 at her. With my tongue buried so far up her tight little fuckhole, I
 could feel the muscles of her cunt around my stiff tongue, clutching it
 and holding it inside her.

    "Do you feel that, lover? Do you feel how my cunt squeezes your tongue
 when you shove it way up into me?"

    "Fuck, yeahhh! " I muttered, my words muffled by her cunt.

    "Just imagine how it would feel if your cock were up inside me instead
 of your tongue!" she panted.

    "Uhhhh God, Tracy, don't tease me," I rasped.

    She just giggled and pressed my head back down into her gooey slit.

    "Maybe if you do a good job of getting me off with your tongue, I'll
 let you put your cock in there so you can find out, big brother."

    I really didn't need any encouragement. With a moan, I pushed my face
 back between my sister's wide-spread legs and began working on her clit,
 slurping up the juices that flowed freely from her hotly-aroused pussy.
 Within minutes, I had my sister on the brink of orgasm. Her whole body
 stiffened and her hips thrust up off the couch, her firm little asscheeks
 suspended in my hands as I continued to munch on her spasming slit.


                              Part 13.

    Wave after wave of pleasure washed over my hot-assed little sister as
 her orgasm flashed through every fiber of her body. Her thighs clamped
 together on either side my head, holding me so tightly to her orgasming
 cunt that I could hardly breathe. I sucked up Tracy's spendings and
 licked her tasty little cunthole clean before lifting my head from her
 crotch and looking into her eyes.

    "Oh, Ted! Baby! That was fantastic!", she beamed. "If I'd known what a
 talented tongue you had, big brother, I'd have let you do that long ago!"

    "And if I had known what a horny little minx you were, Trace, I'd
 probably have done it to you years ago too. I wanted to, plenty of times,
 even when we were kids, but never had the guts to try anything."

    "Ohhh, Ted!", she grinned, kissing my juice-smeared lips. "I wish you
 had. I've had a secret letch for you ever since I was about thirteen."

    "Really?!" I gasped, my mind suddenly filled with regret at all the
 lost opportunities of our youth.

    My sister nodded and reached for my cock, which still throbbed
 painfully between my legs.

    "Sure! But just think of all the fun we can have now by making up for
 lost time, big brother" she grinned, giving my prick a meaningful little
 squeeze. "That wonderful tongue of yours got me off, but I'm still so
 horny! I want you to fuck me, Ted... hot and hard.. fuck me like we
 should have fucked years ago!"

    "Oooohhhh, Baby!" I moaned, pushing her back down onto the couch.
 "God, yesssss! I'll fuck you alright, Trace I'll fuck your gorgeous
 little ass off!"

    "Mmmmmmmmm, I sure hope so!" giggled my sexy little sister, spreading
 her legs and pulling me down on top of her. "Come on then. Prove it!
 Shove that gorgeous big cock into me. I want to feel it inside my cunt,
 big brother. Show me what you can do with it that thing!"

    "Okay! You asked for it, Sis!", I grinned impishly.

    I fell on her without warning, plunging my cock into my sister's
 well-lubricated little fuckhole so fast that she had no time to prepare
 for the shock. She cried out in pleasure and pain when my huge hard cock
 fucked inside her.

    "Unnngggghhh! Goddd! Fuuuuck! It's so big, so big and hard!", squealed
 Tracy, squirming her ass around under my deeply impaling cock.
 "Uhhhmmmmm, yeahhh! Fill me up with that big stiff prick!  Fuck me!
 Ohhhh, Teddy! Fuck me hard!!"

    My sister hadn't called me `Teddy' since we were kids, and for her to
 use that childhood term of endearment now as we fucked for the first time
 was incredibly exciting. I began thrusting my aching cock deeper and
 deeper into her pussy until my balls rested in the crack of her hot
 little ass. Tracy's cunt clutched at my prick deep, sucking me deep up
 inside her. Her vaginal muscles seemed to be squeezing my cock, massaging
 it way up inside her quivering cunthole.

    I pulled out until only the head remained inside the clasping lips of
 my sister's upthrust pussy, then I slammed back down again, sheathing
 the length of my cock once more in that hot, wet, tightness. She seemed
 to love the deep penetrating strokes, so I did it a couple more times,
 each time fucking her a little harder, getting the feel and depth of her
 tight little hole. God it felt great! After all these years, I was
 actually fucking my sexy younger sister. I increased the speed of my
 strokes, and soon I was banging away at her wildly, pounding my cock into
 her hot, hungry cunt as she writhed in pleasure beneath me.

    "Ungghhh! Yeahhh! Take that big cock, Trace! Take it way in there,
 baby! Take it! Uuhh, shit! Fuck it! Fuck it!" I grunted, driving my rigid
 prick in and out of her bucking cunt.

    "Oh, yes ! Yesssss ! I want it all ! I want it deep! Deep! You're
 stretching my cunt so beautifully! Fuck me hard! Oh, God! Fuck me, Teddy!
 I don't care if you are my brother!  I want every wonderful inch of your
 big fat prick fucking me!"

    The couch rocked wildly and the room was filled with the wet slurping
 sounds of our animalistic coupling. We didn't know it at the time, but
 apparently we were so noisy, the others stopped what they were doing and
 just watched as my sister and I fucked each other silly. Tony had little
 Cindy on her hands and knees with his cock buried to the balls in her
 tiny little cunt and Jodie was sitting on her brother's erect prick, but
 all four had their eyes on Tracy and me as I slammed my lust-swollen
 prick in and out of my sister's hot, juicy fuckhole. We were both moaning
 and grunting loudly as we fucked, rutting savagely like animals,
 completely oblivious to anything else but our own tightly meshing organs
 and the intense mutual pleasure were generating in each other's bodies.


                              Part 14.

    Tracy whimpered and moaned each time my prick slammed deeply up
 inside her. Each stroke of my seemingly tireless cock brought her closer
 and closer to orgasm, yet my own climax was still a long way off. Fucking
 young Jodie and having Tracy suck me off had definitely taken the edge
 off for me. Despite the hot clinging tightness of my sister's cunt, I
 felt like I could screw her forever! In any case, I intended to make sure
 that this was one fuck, my sexy little sister would never forget.

    Soon, she was shuddering and squealing in ecstasy as her cunt
 exploded in orgasm, but I just kept thrusting, fucking her solidly all
 the way through her climax and beyond. I felt Tracy's tight cunt convulse
 around my cock, gripping me inside her as she came, then gradually loosen
 as her spasms faded. I became extremely excited by the fact that I had
 just fucked my own sister to orgasm. My prick seemed to swell to
 incredible proportions inside her, squeezed and stroked as it was by the
 muscles of her greedy cunt. I continued to slam my cock in and out of
 her, fucking her faster and faster. Within moments, her cries and
 whimpers of pleasure resumed as she rocketed towards another orgasm.

    "Ohhhhhh! Godddd! I love your prick! Give it to me! Fuck me! Oh God,
 yes! Fuck me hard! Fuck me deep! Make me cum again! Fuck meeeeee!", she
 chanted. Her pretty face was flushed and her eyes were almost glazed
 over with lust.

    I was really ramming it into her now, rocking her slim young body
 with the strength of my thrusts. I grabbed hold of her asscheeks with
 both hands and lifted her cunt clear of the couch, literally dragging her
 onto my cock as I fucked her. Tracy was fucking me back as best she
 could, hunching her cunt up to meet my long, deep cockthrusts. She
 gyrated her pelvis too, grinding her hot wet pussy against my groin. I
 could feel my balls slapping against her puckered little asshole.

    I looked down at Tracy and watched the ecstasy reflected in the
 expression on her beautiful face as her second orgasm peaked. Her eyes
 were fixed on mine as she came and I bent down and kissed her
 passionately, pumping my cock into her cunt as my mouth probed her
 panting mouth.

    "UHHHHHH! OOOOOHHHH, FUUUUCCCKKK! I'M CUMMMMMMINGGGG!", she squealed,
 and wrapped her legs up around my waist, riding out her orgasm as I
 fucked her climaxing cunt with unrelenting ferocity.

    The incredibly tight friction of Tracy's clasping cunt-muscles
 triggered my own orgasm this time, and I felt my balls suddenly get tight
 in their sac. I thought they were about to explode, so intense was the
 feeling of pleasure between my legs. I closed my eyes tightly and yelled
 loudly as blast after hot blast of thick hot cum shot through the
 shuddering shaft of my prick and into my sister's cunt. Each squirt of
 cum was accompanied by spasms that made me feel like my balls were being
 pulled from my body. I bucked and thrust above her as Tracy hung on below
 me, urging me on as I slammed her ass heavily into the couch.

    "Yessss! Fuck me! Come in my cunt, Ted! Come in my hot fucking cunt!
 I'm cumming too, lover! Oh God, yes! Yes!  Cum with me! Yesssss!" she
 hissed.

    Tracy's cunt massaged my spurting cock deep inside her, milking
 every last drop of my cum out of me, and I wrapped my arms around my
 sister's body and held her tightly to me. Her firm hard tits crushed up
 against my heaving chest as I filled her quivering cunt with my sperm.

    When our orgasms were over, we lay panting in each other's arms for a
 while, basking in the warmth of the experience. I kept my cock buried
 deep in her cunt until it started to wilt. Tracy kept gently working the
 muscles of her cunt around it as if trying to revive it for more fun and
 games, but like its owner, my poor over-stimulated prick was totally
 spent.

    The room erupted into whistles and loud applause which I thought was
 coming from the TV, but as my senses returned, I realized that someone
 had turned the video off and it was actually Tony, Cindy, Jodie and Jimmy
 cheering their appreciation of the `show' that Tracy and I had just put on
 for them.

    Having finished their own incestuous couplings, the four of them had
 settled back to watch as I fucked my sister for the first time. Our
 vigorous fucking had obviously excited them immensely because now Tony
 was fondling Jodie, while Jimmy played with his little sister's hairless
 young slit.

    "I wanna fuck Uncle Ted next!", said Cindy hopefully. This brought
 a series of chuckles from the rest of us.


                              Part 15.

    I looked down at my deflated organ and smiled sadly at the naked
 little girl.

    "Sorry, sweetheart! As much as I'd dearly love to...umm...", I glanced
 over at Tony before I continued. It still seemed strange to be discussing
 having sex with the little 11-year-old in front of her own father. "...to
 fuck you, honey, but as you can see, I won't be able to for a while yet...
 sorry!"

    Little Cindy looked crest-fallen, but Tracy sat up and went over to
 comfort her.

    "Don't worry, darling," she said, "How'd you like to sleep with Uncle
 Ted tonight? That way you can get your turn with him as soon as he's
 recovered enough. What do you think?"

    "Ohhh, Mommy! Yes, please!", cried the gorgeous little girl, and
 hugged her mother happily.

    "What about me?", asked Jimmy with forlorn look on his face. "It's my
 turn to sleep with Cindy tonight, remember?"

    "Don't worry, stud!", grinned Tracy, grabbing her son by the cock.
 "You can sleep with me. I think your father has other plans tonight."

    We all looked over at Tony and Jodie who were kissing hotly on the
 floor. Tony had two stiff fingers in his eldest daughter's cunt and was
 working on a third, while the sexy little 13-year-old jacked her fist up
 and down the length of her father's long, throbbing cock.

    "Okay, Mom! Looks like Dad won't mind if I sleep with you tonight,"
 said Jimmy giving his mother's bare ass an intimate squeeze. "Let's go
 to bed and fuck up a storm!"

    Tracy stopped to kiss me goodnight, then went off down the hall with her
 son. I picked Cindy up in my arms and carried the little girl to her room
 as I had done when I first arrived, except this time we were both naked
 and she was kissing me passionately. Her little nipples rubbed against my
 chest and her tiny tongue probed my mouth with a skill that belied her
 young age.

    When we reached her room, I put Cindy on the bed and lay down beside
 her. Her hands were all over me, fondling and squeezing my limp cock in a
 vain attempt to revive it.

    "Awwww, it won't get hard, Uncle Ted!", she complained wistfully.

    "Give it time, honey", I smiled. "Let's just play with each other for a
 while, okay?"

    "Okay!", beamed Cindy.

    She cheered up immediately at my suggestion and began to rub her
 little fist up and down on my cock, at the same time covering my neck and
 cheeks with a series of hot loving kisses.

    I stroked her soft young ass and slid my other hand between her legs.
 Her hairless little pussy was hot and swollen from the solid fucking she'd
 received from her father earlier. I inserted a finger into her cunt and
 probed deeply, luxuriating in the warm, slippery feel of her insides as
 her tight little hole gripped my finger like vice.

    "Ohhhhh, Uncle Ted!", she breathed hotly. "Your finger feels nice in my
 pussy, but I want your cock! Please get it hard and fuck me....
 pleeeeease!! I want it so bad!"

    The very thought of this naked little 11-year-old begging me to fuck
 her was enough stir my poor, over-worked cock into action, and I felt my
 prick begin to swell slightly in her fist. Cindy felt it too and doubled
 her efforts by wrapping her other tiny hand around my slowly rising
 erection.

    My finger in her cunt was stirring up the child's juices like crazy and
 she began to grind her ass in time with my thrusts as I finger-fucked her
 wet little slit as deeply as I could. She was hot for it alright. Despite
 her tender age, Cindy's little cunt was literally dripping with arousal.
 Obviously the regular fucking she'd been getting from her father and
 brother had matured her young pussy rapidly. Yet she was still as tight as
 a virgin.  As my cock hardened in her flashing little fists, Cindy looked
 up at me with lust-glazed eyes.

    "Uuuuuhhhh, yesssss!" she hissed. "It's getting hard! Mmmmmmm, nice and
 long and hard! Oooh Jeez, Uncle Ted, you're so big already! I can't wait
 for you to put in my pussy and fuck me like my Daddy does!"

    Oh God, yes!, I thought, watching the naked little darling jerking her
 tiny fists up and down the length of my rapidly-thickening cock. Fucking
 this eager, horny little nymphette was going to be something I'd remember
 for a long, long time, that was for sure!


                              Part 16.

    My cock was as hard as a rock now, and Cindy was so hot, the juices from
 her cunt were puddling in the palm of my hand as I fucked my middle finger
 in and out of the little girl's hot, clinging tightness. I pulled my hand
 from my niece's crotch and lay the panting young 12-year-old back on the
 bed.

   "You sure you want me to fuck you, baby?" I asked as I fondled her
 hairless, pouting little pussy.

    "Ooooooooh, yes, Uncle Ted!" she moaned, spreading her long, slender
 young legs in open invitation. "Please hurry, make me feel good... make me
 cum the way Daddy and Jimmy do. Fuck me, Uncle Ted, fuck me really hard!"

    I knelt between her thighs and aimed my cock at her hairless slit,
 rubbing the bloated head up and down between her slippery little cuntlips
 for a while until I located her tiny hole.

    "Ohhhhhhhh, yeahhhhh, now shove it!" she moaned as the tip of my cock
 slid inside outer lips of her quivering young pussy. Little Cindy
 definitely wanted it real bad, and she was going to get it!

    She thrust her hips upwards and the head of my cock parted her hairless
 cuntlips and entered her tight little cunt. I let it sit for a second or
 two so her young body could get used to its size. She moaned as I felt her
 pussy start to spasm and open up. I slid into her slowly, inch by inch as
 her little pussy stretched wider and wider, her hands clenched my arms each
 time I thrust into her.

    Deeper and deeper my huge cock entered her body, a low groan escaping
 her pretty mouth as I sank in to the hilt. She arched her body toward me,
 her little bare legs flying up in the air as she thrust her hips hard up
 against me, that tight, wet 12-year-old pussy clamping my cock.  Then, her
 skinny little hips started hunching up at me like a machine that had gone
 out of control. It was all I could do to hold onto the child. Her little
 body was unbelievably pliable.

    "Oh, God, Uncle Ted," she whispered into my ear as I began fucking
 deeply in and out of her tight, tender young cunt. "You're making me feel
 better than Daddy and all his friends. I feel like I'm going to come
 already!"

    She was right. I felt her slippery little twat contracting
 involuntarily around my pounding cock, so I fucked her even harder,
 bringing her off within seconds. When she came, Cindy went completely of
 into a world of her own. I grabbed hold of her squirming little butt as she
 bounced up and down, making her squeal even louder as she felt my tight
 grip on her ass-flesh.

    "Yeahh! Cum for me, baby! Cum on Uncle Ted's big fucking cock!
 Uuunnggghhff, fuck yesssss! You love it don't you, Cindy," I grunted as she
 continued to writhe and whimper beneath me.

    "Uuuuuhhhh, yes, Uncle Ted! I love it!" she said with a gasp as I
 continued fucking her, ramming my cock as deep as I could into the horny
 child's cumming little cunt.

    Faster and I faster I fucked the squealing 12-year-old, thrusting into
 her as hard as I could, her pussy clamping and spasming, her moans filling
 the room.  I could feel my own orgasm building deep inside me and my cock
 began to swell, spreading her hot, tight little cunthole open even more.

    Slowly my climax rose, then exploded, filling her young body with a huge
 load of searing sperm, spurting again and again as I continued thrusting
 into her tiny, clasping little cunt.  Cindy sagged beneath me when we were
 done and I collapsed on top of her slender body, my cock still deeply
 embedded in her tiny pussy.

    "Ohhh, Uncle Ted, that was fantastic! You fuck better than my Daddy!"
 giggled the exhausted little girl.

    I had felt every little spasm and quiver her tiny pussy made around my
 cock. Now as her climax faded, her cunt loosened its vice-like grip on my
 prick, but not enough to cause it to slip out. I was still stuck fast in
 her tightly-gripping little twat. She stretched up to kiss me and I bent my
 head, but with my cock still deeply buried in her cunt, I couldn't quite
 reach... she was too small.

    We lay like that for several minutes, just catching our breaths and
 slowly arousing each other with our hands. She cupped my balls and squeezed
 them gently and I fondled her pointy little tits, letting my hand wander
 down to her bulging cock-filled pussy to gently rub her clit up against the
 base of my cock.

    My cock began to swell inside her and soon I was able to pull little
 Cindy on top of me and start fucking her again. She bounced up and down on
 my cock like a little cowgirl, all the time moaning and watching my thick,
 glistening cock slide up between her thighs, as it deeply impaled her tiny
 cunt.

    I fucked her for ages like this, just letting her ride me at her own
 pace. Then, when I felt that old familiar feeling building deep in my
 loins, I grabbed her by the ass and began to fuck her down onto my cock
 savagely. She moaned loudly, though in pleasure or pain I hardly cared. All
 that mattered was emptying my balls into this gorgeous young kid's hot,
 clinging little cunt!

    Cindy shuddered and screamed as I filled her tender twat with another
 load of sperm and finally collapsed on top of me. I stroked her firm little
 ass and kissed the top of her head, and fell promptly asleep.


                              Part 17.

    I woke the next morning to the feel of Cindy's tiny lips nibbling at
 my morning erection. It was such a lovely feeling. I left my eyes closed
 and just lay back enjoying her hot little mouth on my prick. Then
 suddenly I felt another mouth... on my balls! I opened my eyes and looked
 down. It was Jodie. The naked little minx was between my outstretched
 thighs with her tight little ass in the air, sucking my balls into her
 mouth while her little sister licked my cock.

    "'Morning, Uncle Ted", beamed Jodie happily, lifting her pretty young
 face from my crotch. "Mommy suggested we wake you up the way we usually
 wake up Daddy."

    "Hi, honey", I smiled weakly.

    Even after last night, I still couldn't quite get used to the
 completely free and sexually open life-style of my sister's family. Not
 to mention incestuous life-style. Cindy fisted my cock with her tiny hand
 and grinned up at me too.

    "You've sure got a big one this morning, Uncle Ted!", she giggled,
 jerking her small fist up and down the length of my cock.

    "All the better to fuck you with, my dear!", I growled, doing my best
 Big Bad Wolf imitation.

    Cindy sat beside me with her legs spread wide, giving me a good look
 at her tasty little cunt. I licked my lips. Nothing like a little
 breakfast in bed first thing to get the day off to a good start, I always
 say.

    "Hmmmmmm, actually I might stick with tradition and eat you first,
 little girl", I grinned. "Come here and sit on my face, Cindy. Jodie you
 suck my cock while I bring your sister off, then you two can swap places,
 okay?"

    The girls giggled as they scrambled into position. Jodie grabbed the
 base of my cock in her fist and took it into her mouth, sucking the fat,
 swollen head like a lollipop. God it felt good. Just thirteen years old
 and she could suck cock better than any woman I had ever known. Actually,
 the cute little kid was too good! I had two little girls to please now,
 so I didn't want to come too soon.

    "Take your time, Jodie, honey", I said. "Slow and easy... make it
 last, okay?"

    "Mmmmff, mmmmmhhh!", moaned Jodie and nodded her head as best she
 could with a mouth full of cock.

    Little Cindy knelt facing my feet and straddled my face as Jodie took
 my cock into her hot, moist young mouth. The tight, elastic lips of
 Cindy's hairless little pussy hardly opened at all, even with her thighs
 so widely spread, and I could see moisture drooling from the bright pink
 slit of her cunt. Cindy lowered her crotch and I pressed my face eagerly
 into her pussy, dragging my long tongue up and down the tasty, wet
 cuntslit.

    "Uuuuhhhh, God," she mumbled, looking down at my mouth slurping
 between her skinny legs. "I love getting my cunt licked!

 I could certainly believe that. As I speared my tongue into her tight
 little cunthole, Cindy's naked little ass was squirming around all over
 the place and hips were hunching down to press her cunt tightly against
 my sucking mouth.

    "Oh, yeah! Lick me!" she whispered hoarsly. "Lick my pussy! Suck it,
 Uncle Ted! Ooooooooohhhhhh, yeahhhhhhh!"

    Her tiny young cunt tasted like honey compared to the mature, musky
 flavour of her mother... fresh and clean and sweet. I probed her tight
 cuntlips deeper with my tongue and was rewarded with a mouthful of
 cunt-cream and a simultaneous a cry of ecstasy from little Cindy.

    "Uuuuhhhhhh, yeah," she gasped. "Stick it right in me! Fuck me with
 your big fat tongue. Oh, yeah, fuck me! Suck me!"

    I gave her creaming little cunt a series of fast stiff jabs with my
 tongue and then took her tiny clit into my mouth and sucked hard. Cindy
 almost hit the roof! I reached up and grasped her tiny asscheeks with
 both hands, pulling her spread little cunt down hard over my sucking
 mouth and probing tongue. Cindy gasped and squealed in ecstasy.

    The room was filled with the wet slurping of my mouth on her young
 cunt and the sucking sounds Jodie's mouth was making on my glistening
 cock. I reached under Cindy, between her legs and inserted a finger into
 the tightness of the kid's hot little fuck-hole, munching on her juicy
 open cunt like a wild dog. She was moaning constantly now, her little ass
 bucking up and down over my face like she was having a fit.

    I lapped and sucked and licked in a frenzy, eager to get her off so
 the gorgeous little fuck could wrap her hot mouth around my throbbing,
 aching prick and I could do the same to her big sister. Jodie was doing
 fine, keeping my cock nice and hard with her hands and lips, but I
 wanted to get both girls off with my mouth before I indulged myself in
 the exquisite pleasure of fucking their tight, slippery little cunts.

    Cindy was hunching her hairless young twat down against my face,
 urging me to suck her quivering little pussy-slit harder. I took her clit
 into my mouth and sucked hard, at the same time driving my finger
 repeatedly into her saliva-slick cunthole.

    The horny little twelve-year-old climaxed on the spot, shaking and
 shuddering and squealing out her pleasure. Her skinny little hips bucked
 as she thrust her cunt down over my face, rolling her ass in the sweet
 satisfaction of pubescent climax. Even after I removed my mouth from her
 juice-smeared cunt, Cindy's little hips were still grinding above my
 face in post-orgasmic bliss.


                              Part 18.

    While I had been busily bringing Cindy of with my mouth, Jodie had
 been sucking dutifully on my cock, keeping it nice and stiff. I told
 Cindy to change places with her sister and hauled Jodie's sweet young
 cunt over my face. I sniffed at her pussy, enjoying the musky odour
 emanating from her diminutive young slot.  Cindy grasped my prick with
 both hands and I felt her tongue begin to lap gently over the swollen
 head as my own tongue entered her sister's juice-filled little slit.

    Jodie tasted wonderful, a little stronger than her little sister, but
 extremely exciting.  I felt my cock twitch involuntarily in Cindy's tiny
 fists and the little girl gasped.

    "You're cock's alive, Uncle Ted", she giggled, then immediately took
 as much of it into her hot little mouth as she could.

    I ran my tongue back and forth through Jodie's tasty gash and sucked
 her cunt-juice into my mouth, swallowing it all down like a man dying of
 thirst. She began to moan and wiggle her slim young hips down at my face.
 Shit, she's a hot little cunt, I thought. I sucked harder, probing my
 tongue into Jodie's tight teen cunthole as far as it would reach, licking
 the incredibly smooth, slick walls.

    Jodie was moaning louder now, pressing her little twat down against my
 mouth and tongue with little jerky hip movements.  Her cuntslit was
 literally awash with juice. I had no idea that a thirteen-year-old girl
 could get so wet! I opened my lips wide and licked the full length of her
 tiny slit, lapping her cunt-juice into my mouth like a little puppy
 drinking milk.

    As soon as I reached her clit, Jodie's hips bucked like she'd been
 zapped with high voltage.  Her back arched and she gripped my head
 tightly with her muscular young thighs.

    "Ooohhhhhh, God! That feels fantastic, Uncle Ted!" she moaned. "Lick
 my cunt! Uhhhhh, yeahhh... stick your tongue in and fuck my hot little
 cunt!"

    I felt her hands on the top of my head, lightly at first, then with
 more pressure as she pulled my face into her crotch, at the same time
 grinding her juvenile slot down at my sucking mouth.

    Cindy was doing her best to suck as much of my cock into her small
 mouth as she could, but it was an impossible task. Time and time again, I
 felt the head of my prick hit the back of her throat with barely half of
 my shaft in her mouth. She was just too little to deep-throat me
 properly. I wanted to tell her to just suck on as much as she could
 handle and jack her fists on the rest, but my mouth was too full of her
 sister's oozing cunt.

    I felt Jodie's pussy convulse around my tongue and I knew she was
 cumming, but I was completely unprepared for the gush of pussy-cream that
 filled my mouth.  The horny little kid was cumming a bucketload! I tried
 to swallow it all down, but a lot escaped and ran down my cheeks and onto
 the bed.  I put my hands under her tight little ass in a vain attempt to
 lift the squirming girl off my face a bit so I could get my mouth over
 her creaming hole. But she was too far gone to co-operate. In the end I
 just licked and sucked at whatever part of her juice-covered little cunt
 that she chose to thrust at my lips.

    A minute later, Jodie slumped forward over me, gasping for breath. I
 kept licking at her drooling slit and nibbling her swollen clit until she
 rolled off me, totally drained.

    Cindy was still trying to cram my entire cock into her tiny mouth,
 without much success. I reached down and eased the eager little
 12-year-old's head off my prick, pulling her tiny naked body up over
 mine. My cock was as hard as a rock, and after licking both girls to
 orgasm, I needed to get my prick into one of their hot tight little cunts
 real bad... maybe BOTH of them, if I could keep it up long enough.

    "Wanna fuck now, baby?", I grinned, pressing my erection against her
 tiny hairless mound.

    "Oh, yes please, Uncle Ted", she giggled sexily. "Daddy or Jimmy
 always fuck me in the mornings too."

    "Well, we can't break a family tradition then, can we, sweetheart?"

    I rolled Cindy onto her back and spread her legs, looking down into
 her gorgeous smiling face as I climbed between her thighs. She reached
 down and grabbed my prick aiming it at her tiny little slot with both
 hands.

    "Ooooh it's so biiiiig!" she murmured, her eyes growing wide.

    "Don't worry, you've had it inside you before, honey, remember?", I
 soothed. "It only looks big this morning, okay?"



                              Part 19.

    "Okay", she whispered, giving me a sexy little smile. God she was cute
 when she was horny!

    Cindy's eyes were wide and glittering as she positioned the head of my
 cock into her tiny pussy and hunched her tiny hips up. My fat cockhead
 popped inside easily, forcing out a small trickle of cunt-juice. I still
 couldn't get over how wet this sexy little 12-year-old could get when she
 was aroused.

    I looked down and watched Cindy's hairless little pussy-lips spread wide
 around my cock as it disappeared into her tiny cunt, her smooth, slippery
 sheath tight around me, like no pussy I had ever felt before! Slowly, I
 began to pump her cunt, my cock throbbing in the tight confines of her hot
 little belly.

    "Uhhhhhhhh, yeahhh, fuck me, Uncle Ted," she whispers. "Fuck my cunt!
 Fuck it hard and cum in my pussy!"

    Intensely excited by her wanton pleading, I started pounding my cock
 into her a bit harder, pulling out almost all the way, then ramming my
 prick all the way in again, fucking her little pussy hard and fast with the
 full length of my prick. She began to whimper, so I slowed down.

    "Am I hurting you, baby?" I asked, looking down into her flushed little
 face.

    "No... don't stop! It just feels so goooooood!", murmured Cindy,
 grinding her hot little cunt up at me. "Fuck me harder if you like. I
 really love it when Daddy or Jimmy fuck me hard!"

    "Okay, honey!", I said, moving my hips a little faster. "How's that?"

    "Uhhhhhhhhhhh! N...niiiiiiiice! Ohhhhhhh! Harder..... harder......"

    I fucked her deeper, feeling the head of my cock slamming into the back
 wall of her tiny cunt, afraid at any time I was going to hurt her. But
 Cindy just kept moaning and squirming her little ass around, begging me to
 fuck her harder.

    Soon I was pounding the little girl as hard as I'd ever fucked any grown
 woman... and she loved it, squealing and whimpering and humping her tiny
 cunt up to meet my powerful downward thrusts. On every stroke I pulled out
 almost all the way, then slammed back all the way inside her again, pumping
 her tight little pussy hard and fast with the full length of my prick.

    I kept up the pace, trying desperately not to come too soon. Her young
 cunt seemed to suck me back inside her of its own accord. The slippery
 suction around my cock-shaft was incredible and the pleasure intense.
 Luckily Cindy was even closer to her release, my thick prick dragging back
 and forth over her stiff little clit was getting her off in record time.
 Then I felt her shudder beneath me and thrust her cunt at me real hard, her
 whole body trembling.

    "OHH, GODDDDDDD!" she screamed, "I'M CUMMMMMMINNNGGGG! OHHH! OHHH!
 UUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

    Her tiny body convulsed wildly as Cindy's climax rocketing through her.
 I kept pumping her, fucking the whimpering little girl through every
 delicious spasm. It must have been a good one because she seemed go limp as
 if she'd fainted or something. Then she opened her eyes and looked up into
 mine, a look of total bliss on her pretty little face.

    I was still pounding her deeply, striving fro my own release which I
 could feel was very close. Her tiny clinging cunt was so tight and wet and
 her her little body so exciting and passionate that I couldn't control my
 orgasm any longer. I screamed with pleasure as Cindy thrust her hips up at
 me, fucking me back as I pumped my load deep up inside her quivering little
 cunt. Her tiny vaginal muscles seemed to tighten and release around me in
 rippling waves, milking my twitching cock-shaft of every last drop of sperm.

    After filling her tiny, little-girl cunt with my cum, I rolled to the
 side, my cock still deep in Cindy's cunt. Hugging her tightly, I lay beside
 her trying to catch my breath. It had been one of most energetic and
 pleasurable fucks of my entire life.

    Cindy kept grinding her hips at me slowly, her hot little cunt massaging
 my cock, keeping me hard. I couldn't believe it. If it didn't watch out, my
 sexy little 12-year-old niece was going to fuck me to death. She nuzzled my
 neck a while, just enjoying the thickness of my cock filling her young
 cunt. Then she looked up into my eyes and smiled impishly.

    "Wanna fuck me again, Uncle Ted?", she asked, almost coyly. "Your cock
 is still nice and hard."

    "Ohhh, baby!", I moaned pulling her on top of me. "I'll fuck you as long
 as it stays hard too!"

    "Ohhhhhhh, goody!", squealed Cindy. "I love you, Uncle Ted"

    "And I love you, honey", I replied, stroking my cock up inside her tight
 little pussy.

    As my insatiable little 12-year-old niece bounced shamelessly up and
 down on my amazingly-stiff cock, I lay back and thought about all that had
 happened since I arrived. I was glad now that I'd decided to take my sister
 up on her offer to come and visit. Otherwise I'd have missed out on the
 best sex of my life. I wasn't looking forward to returning home, but I knew
 one thing... I'd be visiting my sister's family much more often from now
 on, that was for sure!!
                                The End.





Filename: WANT_DAU.TXT
Title: Wild, Wanton Daughter
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                         WILD, WANTON DAUGHTER.

                             (By EROS!)

       It was late, almost two in the morning. When I peeped out through
    the living room curtains, I could see my daughter, Amanda's bare
    boobs glowing in the autumn moonlight. Her date, Tommy Slater,
    reached forward with both hands to cup her pert, young breasts,
    causing Amanda to emit a soft, silvery laugh that touched me to the
    quick.

       Amanda whispered something, but I couldn't make out the words.
    Tommy immediately dived between her round boobies and rubbed his head
    into her cleavage. She arched her back in his direction as she
    stretched in pleasure underneath his touch. They didn't seem much
    concerned that anyone in the whole world could suddenly drive down
    this quiet street and see them, let alone that anyone was watching
    them from the house.

       The boy's cheeks hollowed out when he sealed his lips tight about
    her right nipple and began to suck. My daughter gasped, a soft cry
    escaping her wet lips. I rubbed the front of my boxer shorts to
    relieve the tension in my dick, but my cock continued to grow.

       Amanda finally planted a soft, wet kiss on the top of Tommy's head
    and gently shoved him away. He gave her another quick series of
    kisses on her tit and on her mouth, but then he finally departed. It
    was time for me, too, to depart, but I was frozen in my spot at the
    window. I was still standing there when my daughter came inside.

       She was just buttoning her blouse back into place when she saw me.

       "Daddy?" she whispered. "Were you watching me?"

       "Yes", I confessed.

       "You should be ashamed of yourself."

       I felt the heat rise in my face, and yet I couldn't accept her
    rebuke without protesting.

       "At least I wasn't outside getting half naked on the front lawn,"
    I said sarcastically.

       "I didn't expect anyone to be watching at this time of night!"

       "You shouldn't be coming home at this time of night," I countered.

       "Oh, Daddy!" she admonished with a giggle, "I'm old enough to come
    home when I want to. You know that."

       I could tell she as a little tipsy by the way she was acting.

       "Have you been drinking, young lady?", I asked, trying to hide the
    fact that I had developed a sizable erection.

       Amanda came up me and hugged me close, as she always did when she
    thought she was going to get in trouble. And, as always, I put my
    arms around my little girl and hugged her back. But this time, my
    erect cock pressed against her belly, causing Amanda to gasp. But her
    reaction was unexpected.

       "Oooooh! You're hard, Daddy. Is that from watching me?"

       "Yes, baby!", I admitted. Jesus, what could I say?

       "Ooohhh, that turns me on, Daddy," she whispered grinding her
    delectable little body against mine.

       Then abruptly, Amanda stepped back and began to take off her
    clothes! The moonlight streaming through the thin curtains was the
    only source of light except for a small neon night lamp, but it was
    enough to see by when she removed her blouse to show me her pale,
    shimmering skin.

       "Play with my titties, Daddy", she whispered, "Squeeze them and
    kiss them just like Tommy was doing."

       Almost as if in a dream, I found myself rubbing my hands across
    the warm, creamy satin of my daughter's young boobs. They were
    gorgeous. Soft yet firm, as young girl's tits are, but quite large
    for her age. Amanda had developed earlier than most girls her age,
    hence my somewhat pathological over-protectiveness.

       I squeezed the responsive globes of her lovely young titties and
    felt her nipples harden so quickly that small goose-pimples popped
    out on the areolae.

       "Do I excite you, Daddy?", she murmured, pressing her cunt-mound
    suggestively against the large bulge in my crotch. "Would you like to
    see more?"

       Amanda dropped her skirt. Her soft butt cheeks were the color of
    the full moon at its zenith, and the light blonde fuzz of her
    little-girl's pussy did nothing to hide the mysterious slit of her
    juicy young cunt. A natural perfume that was half sweat, half cooze
    wafted up to my nostriis.

       "Am I beautiful, Daddy?" Amanda asked. "Am I a beautiful woman
    now?"

       "Oh, Mandy!" I kissed her passionately, but I couldn't keep my
    mouth on her lips. I fell to my knees. I wanted to lick and love her
    everywhere, and it was obvious that she was going to let me do it. I
    planted wet, sloppy lip marks down the sides of her shimmering
    flanks, down over her tight, flat belly and into the tangy groove of
    her young cuntslit. I licked the lightly-furred lips and inserted my
    tongue into her warm, aromatic depths, then sucked softly on the
    small swollen bud of her clitoris.

       Amanda groaned aloud, hunching her cunt against my lips like
    crazy. I couldn't believe it! I was actually sucking my own
    daughter's tasty, willing cunt.... and she was loving it! Amanda's
    tiny ass quivered in my hands as I sucked and licked and tongued her
    ripe young pussy to a wondrous climax.

       "Do you want to fuck me, Daddy?" she asked, breathlessly.

       "Please don't tempt me, honey!"

       "I want to tempt you, Daddy!", she grinned.

       She had her hands inside my shorts hauling them down as fast as
    she could. She giggled as she knelt to help me step out of them.

       "We shouldn't, honey..." I unconvincingly. "It's not right."

       "We should if we want to." She took me down to the floor and
    spread me out on the carpet. I felt as if our natural roles had been
    somehow reversed, as if she was taking me instead of me taking her. I
    couldn't resist the soft seduction of her juicy pussy lips wrapping
    themselves delicately about the head of my cock as she slowly settled
    into place on top of me.

       "Uuuuuuhhh! Yeah! I'm riding you Daddy," she gasped. "I'm fucking
    you!"

       With that, I abandoned all common sense. The only thing that
    mattered was the glorious feeling of my daughter's tight, slippery
    young cunt sliding up and down on my prick. I thrust eagerly up to
    meet each and every one of her bouncing fuck-strokes. And, for a
    little girl, Amanda really knew how to fuck.

       Despite my hopeful expectations, I knew she wasn't a virgin as
    soon as my prick sliced effortlessly to the balls in her hot. tight
    little cunt, but I didn't really care! I didn't mind if some
    pimply-faced young kid got Amanda's cherry, 'cause I was fucking her
    now!... and I was going to show my horny little daughter exactly what
    good sex was all about.

       Her hair flew out in wild abandon behind her as Amanda humped up
    and down the long length of my throbbing erection, and when her first
    orgasm hit, she went rigid all over and then exploded in hot bursts
    of wet cream. Her pussy muscles massaged me from the inside out,
    squeezing my cock so powerfully that she would have triggered my
    ejaculation immediately if I'd been a younger, less experienced man.

       As it was, I had the rest of what was left of the night, and all
    of the morning to show her what her father could do.

                                 The End.





                          MY SISTER'S WEDDING.
                               (By Eros)

    I was disappointed when I heard that my sister Lena was getting
 married. We had been getting it on together for two years now, ever since
 Sis came home hot and frustrated from a dance one night. She was the
 hottest girl in town and every guy in school had been dying to get into
 her pants. Little did they know sweet little Lena was getting it
 regularly from her big brother!

    Lena was a girl who could wrap men around her little finger just by
 smiling in their general direction. Her long blonde hair, her moist,
 full, red lips, and that cheeky, come-hither look in her emerald-green
 eyes were just the beginning. A wiggle of her tight little ass could set
 any man's pecker throbbing... particularly mine since we lived under the
 same roof.

    Yeah, I remembered many hot and sweaty encounters with Lena in her
 room... my room... the bathroom... even once in Mom and Dad's waterbed.
 Oh well, that was all coming to an end... or so I thought.

    The bridegroom was my friend, Darren. He asked me to be best man, and,
 of course, despite my sadness at loosing my sex-hungry little sister to
 this guy, I accepted. After the wedding, they had a huge reception, which
 got pretty wild as the evening went on. Being family, I got to dance with
 Lena a couple of times. She looked stunning in her wedding gown. It was
 cut low to reveal a good deal of those perfect little tits of hers.

    As I danced with my sister, I thought of all the good times we'd had
 together, fucking and sucking, and my cock automatically began to swell.
 Despite the bulkiness of her wedding dress, Lena soon felt my growing
 erection pressing insistently into her crotch.

    "Ohhhh, Larry! You naughty boy! Are you still hot for your little
 sister? I'm a married woman now!" Lena whispered. The feel of her hot
 breath in my ear brought back memories of fucking her in the hall closet
 one rainy afternoon while Mom and Dad were still in the house! My prick
 twitched against her crotch at the very thought.

    "You bet, Sis", I said, holding her close. "I have a hardon that won't
 quit!"

    Glancing around, Lena pressed her young pussy against my cock and
 whispered in my ear, "Then, let's slip outside. No one will notice. One
 last fling for old time's sake, big brother?"

    Do you think I could say no? Shit, the other guests only got to kiss
 the bride, I was going to fuck her... again!  We slipped into a small,
 darkened side room and Lena melted into my arms, her firm little tits
 crushed deliciously against my chest. As Sis tongue darted into my mouth,
 I slipped my hand into her wedding gown, feeling her satiny breasts. Her
 nipples stiffened under my rolling fingertips, and she inhaled sharply.
 She lifted her wedding dress, exposing her lovely knees and firm, creamy
 thighs, then took my hand.

    "Feel," she said. There was a naughty tinge to her voice as she
 pressed my hand to her bare pubic thatch. "No panties," she whispered
 with a smirk.

    It was true. Her nylons were held up by garters, but somehow during
 the evening her panties had disappeared. She laughed softly, pressing her
 furry, moist mound against my palm. I kissed Lena hot and hard as I
 rubbed her feverish twat. She was damp, and my hand was soon wet with her
 arousal. She moaned softly as I massaged her pussy, eventually letting my
 fingers slip into her ever-hot little cuntslit. Sis unzipped my fly and
 reached into my pants, jerking her fist up and down the length of my cock
 a few times before pulling it out into the cool night air.

    "Fuck me, Larry" she whispered. "I want to feel that big, fat cock of
 yours in my pussy one more time."

    "But Sis..." I grinned, "...you're a married woman now, remember? What
 about Darren?"

    Lena spread her legs and gripped my cock with both hands, pointing the
 tip at her glistening slit.

    "Just shut-up and fuck me, stud! I'll worry about Darren," husked
 Lena, pulling me towards her by the dick.

    We were both still standing, so I held her right leg up. My throbbing
 shaft slid between her slippery thighs, and with familiar ease, I quickly
 buried it inside my sister's cunt. Hunching my hips forward, I thrust
 into her hot, hungry hole with long, deep strokes... the kind I knew got
 her off real fast. We didn't have much time, but I wanted this to be a
 fuck she'd think about when her new husband was fucking her in their
 marriage bed tonight.

    Sis clutched my neck, hanging on tightly as she trembled. She leaned
 her head back and closed her eyes, savoring the feel of my cock plunging
 powerfully into her cunt. As usual, it didn't take Lena long to cum. She
 had always been a hot little cunt, and we were used to fucking quickly
 and in secret.

    She shuddered against me and whimpered into my shoulder as I felt her
 cunt tighten around my cock. I kept on fucking her, knowing from personal
 experience that Lena would probably have several more orgasms like that
 one before I was through.

    I picked her up and turned around pinning her against the wall for
 better leverage. Lena wrapped her legs around my waist and hung on as I
 pounded my cock into her tight little cunt like a piston-pump. Sis was a
 bit of a screamer when it came to sex, and eventually, she was making so
 much noise I had to hold one hand over her mouth while I fucked her,
 otherwise everyone in the house would have heard her squeals and whimpers
 of pleasure.

    She came twice more before I felt my own climax building, and by the
 time I finally came, Sis had another orgasm as I filled her hot quivering
 little cunthole with my brotherly sperm. We spent several more minutes in
 the room catching our breaths and just fondling each other. Then, hearing
 voices beyond the door, we dressed and rejoined the party. Before we
 parted, Lena licked her lips and said, "Darren is going out of town for a
 few days next week. I hope you'll come over to keep your poor married
 sister company, Larry."

    I smiled. We both knew that I would.

                                The End.






                        LITTLE SUCKING SISTERS
                              (By EROS)

       With the economy the way it its you probably won't be too shocked
    to learn that at 21, I am still living at home with my two two
    younger sisters. Mom and Dad's old place is really too small for
    five people, but my sisters Melanie, 14, and and Tammy, 16, didn't
    complain too much about sharing their room. I found out why last
    week.

       Mom and Dad were at the movies. I'd had a date, but she phoned
    and called it off at the last minute. If Melanie and Tammy had known
    I'd be home so early, they probably would have closed their bedroom
    door. As it was, however, I had a good view of their nude, sweaty
    bodies tangled up in a lesbian sixty-nine when I went down the hall.

       I watched as Melanie little lifted her sticky face from Tammy's
    twat. She actually licked her nasty pink lips in front of her own
    brother before thinking of something to say. "Well, don't just stand
    there. Climb in and get your share."

       "What?", I said incredulously. "I can't believe you said that
    Mel!  I'd tell Mom and Dad, except that it would kill them. I guess
    it's up to me to give you both a good spanking."

       At that, Tammy's juice-smeared face emerged from underneath
    Melanie's crotch.

       "Oooooooh, I'll be in that! I can never get Melanie to spank me
    as hard as I want." That's when I knew I was really in trouble. Now
    that their secret was out, my two little sisters wasted no time in
    yanking me into the bed and peeling off my clothes. To be honest, I
    wasn't really putting up much of a fight. In fact, I was actually
    lifting my arms and shifting my weight to help them strip me down.
    My cock was good and hard. Right or wrong, I couldn't deny that I'd
    been powerfully aroused by the sight of my sisters licking and
    sucking each other's hot naked little pussies.

       "So, are you going to spank me, big brother?" Tammy wriggled
    across my bare legs and lifted her firm young up ass a few inches.
    The invitation was too much to resist. While Melanie maneuvered her
    crotch under her her sister's face to feed her some more
    pussy-juice, I took aim at Tammy's tight little butt with my bare
    hand. A few swats were all it took to get her gorgeously creamy buns
    nice and red.

       "Fuck me up the ass, big brother," Tammy mumbled into Melanie's
    pussy. I could hardly understand what she was saying. When I did
    figure it out, I couldn't believe it! My 14-year-old little sister
    was actually asking me to fuck her in the ass!

       Every time I thought I knew these two, they soared to a new
    height of nasty! "She really likes getting a cock up her ass right
    after she's been spanked," Melanie confirmed with a shrug. "Me, I
    like to stick with the basics, lots and lots of tongue and cock."

       I slapped some spit on my dick and poked into Tammy's pink,
    tingling butt from behind while she continued to exercise her tongue
    on Melanie's juicy twat. I could hardly believe I was actually doing
    it, skewering my little sister's bunghole with my hard cock while
    she sucked out my other sister's honey-coated fur pie, but I was!
    There was no denying the hot, buttery grip of Tammy's tight little
    asshole on my rock-hard cock.

       In my experience, girls who cum from ass-fucking are few and far
    between. But my little sister didn't seem to know that. Her ass
    thrashed in wave after wave of sharp, twitchy contractions. I could
    feel the secret trembling in her deep anal muscles as she screamed
    into Melanie's cunt at her moment of climax.

       Seconds later, Melanie and I were also cumming, my cock filling
    Tammy's tight little asshole while Melanie's pussy fed Tammy's
    tongue. I pulled out of my sister's bunghole and went to the
    bathroom to clean myself off. When I came back they were still at
    it. This time Melanie was flat on her back with Tammy's head buried
    in her upthrust crotch. My cock was growing again at the lewd,
    incestuous sight of my sucking sisters.

       Tammy's ass was pointed right at me, so I moved up behind her and
    pulled her back towards the edge of the bed. She looked up from
    licking her sister's gooey cunthole and wiggled her butt at me.
    Smiling at me over her shoulder, she said, "Fuck me, big brother!
    Fuck my cunt and make me cum while I bring Mel off."

       I did just that. Humping and ramming my cock into her tight young
    cunt for a good ten minutes while she ate out her little sister. We
    all came together, groaning and panting in a tangled heap of naked,
    sweaty flesh.

       After we recovered, my sisters got me hard again by sucking my
    prick, first one at a time, then both together, one sucking my balls
    while the other swallowed my cock. I was in seventh heaven! Once I
    was hard again, Melanie wanted me to fuck her cunt, so I lay her
    back and quickly mounted her. Tammy crouched over her face and fed
    her little sister some hot, juicy pussy while I pounded my prick
    into Melanie, hard and fast. She was wet and hot and tight... real
    tight. Her cunt was almost as tight as her hot little asshole had
    been, and it wasn't long before I was cumming again.

       We spent the whole night, until our folks were due home, just
    sucking and fucking... in every possible combination. I lost count
    of the number of times I sucked or screwed each of them. But just
    watching my little sisters lapping at each other's cunts had me hard
    again in no time. They seemed insatiable, but finally exhaustion got
    the better of us all. We topped off the evening with a lazy daisy
    chain followed by a relaxing three-way grope in the shower. By the
    time Mom and Dad turned up we were fast asleep in our respective
    beds.

       Suffice to say that I didn't miss the girl who stood me up one
    little bit. In fact, with two ever-hot little numbers like Tam and
    Mel at home, I don't date much at all anymore!

                                The End.


     
      This file proudly brought to you by The BLUE ROOM BBS! 
                                                             
             Home of,                                        
                                          _     _  (tm)      
                       (  \./  )           
                        >>>\   />        
                             \./              
                                                             
             Specializing in the finest ADULT EROTICA!       
                                                             
                        +61 (079) 702204                     
                                                             
      Open 5pm to 8am Weeknights & 24hrs on Weekends & Hols. 
     
     






                          SUCKING UP TO DADDY
                              (by EROS)

       "I can't appoint you Sales Manager, Sarah. What you know about
    business wouldn't fit on the head of a pin!"

       That was my father talking. He has always had a tendency to
    grossly underestimate my talents, perhaps because I'm a woman
    instead of the son he really wanted. I had an MBA, but it might as
    well have stood for Master of the Bullshit Arts for all the respect
    it won me from him.

       "Now, Dad," I said. "You know that sales have increased 75%
    since I came on board."

       "That's just the upturn in the economy," he grumbled.

       "What upturn in the economy?" I inquired sweetly. But I already
    knew that it wouldn't do any good to appeal to reason. Not with
    Daddy. Most of his brains are located... well, lets just say a
    little farther to the south than you'd normally expect to find them.

       As he groused and grumbled about women fucking up the family
    business, I came around his desk and knelt in front of him. I
    suppose he must have been accustomed to a certain amount of
    grovelling from his other employees, because he didn't act as if he
    thought that was strange... at least not until I reached up and
    started unzipping his fly.

       "What the hell are you doing now, Sarah?" he roared.

       "The girls in the office have told me that there's only one way
    to get a promotion in this firm," I said. "You wouldn't want to
    deny me an equal chance to get ahead, would you, Daddy?"

       The small pun was fully intended. I must admit that i'd become
    quite curious about the cock that several girls had described to me
    as huge.

       Well, they hadn't exaggerated. I smacked my lips and drooled to
    wet the purple plumpness of my father's vastly oversized fuck tool.

       "Whoa! You sure pack quite a magic wand, Dad," I said. "I'm not
    sure I'll be able to swallow the whole thing. But you can rest
    assured that I'll give the problem my best effort"

       "Sarah!", he gasped, staring down at me with a look of utter
    surprise on his face.

       The fatherly part of him firmly wished to forbid me to do what I
    about to do.... the male part just as firmly burned for the dripping
    warmth of my eager tongue. I didn't try to argue with him. Instead I
    swished my tongue lovingly around my Daddy's humongous fuckstick
    while he wrestled with his conscience.

       I wasn't too concerned about the outcome. Like any good
    businessman, Dad would let immediate results override a guilty
    conscience any day of the corporate week.

       Sure enough, he abruptly slumped back into his padded leather
    chair and let me have a go at it. I sucked and slurped, thoroughly
    enjoying the flavor. Thick strings of my own saliva dribbled from
    my mouth, but I didn't try to wipe them away. I knew from my
    extensive cocksucking experience with my college professors that
    older men really get excited by such evidence of a woman's pleasure.

       As I grew more aroused by the taste and feel of my father's
    cock, I slipped a hand underneath my skirt to fondle my pussy.
    Small, curly hairs poked out of the legband of my silky underpants,
    hairs which invited me to pull them softly to increase my personal
    stimulation. When my twat was tingling pleasantly, I then slipped my
    fingers into the waistband so that I could actively fuck a few of
    them while I continued to suck my father.

       "Sarah! Oh, baby, Sarah," he was whispering. His hands came
    forward to grab the sides of my head.

         Was he afraid that I would spit him out? I come from the
    generation that thrives on the taste of a man's spunk! My throat
    fluttered open when I felt his balls shift against my chin.

        Then he was shooting. I swallowed and swallowed, choking down
    his jism as avidly as I could. It wasn't enough to enjoy his flavor.
    I also had to show him how much I enjoyed it. The whole time I
    gulped and gobbled, I rotated my fingers inside my quivering pussy.
    Suddenly, I went rigid: And then I popped. A small scream escaped
    around the sides of the retreating cock in my mouth as I yielded to
    the tremors of my own orgasm.

       I was appointed Sales Manager the very next day.

       Since then, I have used some rather unusual (and some might say
    unethical) techniques to secure my place in the family business.
    it's quite common for me to "motivate" an employee who's fucked-up
    by bringing him or her into my father's office to spank some bare
    butt while my father looks on. If it's a woman, I press my pussy
    against her face to make her lick me out. If it's a man, I make him
    watch me blow my father's dick and then tell him that's what he
    could have gotten instead of a spanking if he'd done a better job.

       As a result, employee morale is up in the stratosphere, with
    everybody striving to out-perform everybody else for their chance to
    fuck and suck our kinky family.

       And, of course, I continue to suck my Daddy's dick in private on
    a thoroughly regular basis. I wouldn't want to lose the basic
    talents that got me so far in this business in the first place. Nor
    would I want to forget what it feels like to be one of the kneeling
    employees squirming on the floor with Daddy's cock in her mouth.

                                The End.


     
      This file proudly brought to you by The BLUE ROOM BBS! 
                                                             
             Home of,                                        
                                          _     _  (tm)      
                       (  \./  )           
                        >>>\   />        
                             \./              
                                                             
             Specializing in the finest ADULT EROTICA!       
                                                             
                        +61 (079) 702204                     
                                                             
      Open 5pm to 8am Weeknights & 24hrs on Weekends & Hols. 
     
     






Filename: MELISSA.TXT
Title: Melissa: A Chance Encounter
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



               
                                                         
                     MELISSA                              
                                                          
                                    "A Chance Encounter"  
                                                        
               
                                 (By EROS)

       Ted loved his afternoon jog. Not only did it keep him in shape,
    but the path he usually took was always filled with gorgeous young
    women and girls, most of whom used jogging as an excuse to show off
    their firm, sexy bods. They were invariably clad in tight, skimpy
    running shorts and even tighter tee-shirts, leaving little to the
    imagination. The sight of so many pretty young things bouncing along
    the path usually made Ted hotter than the exercise itself, and by the
    time he got home to his wife, he was in the mood for a good long fuck
    to let off steam.

       Today was no different, and as Ted rounded a corner along his
    usual route, he saw a stunning redhead running in the same direction
    as he was, about fifty yards up ahead.  "Mmmmm, that's real fuckin'
    nice!", he breathed, watching the cute, round cheeks of the girl's
    ass bounce enticingly up and down with every step she took.  "Jesus,
    what I wouldn't give for some of that right now.", he mumbled to
    himself. Ted increased his speed, trying to close the gap, but after
    a while, he realized that he wasn't going to catch up to the athletic
    young girl without wasting a lot of precious energy. In desperation
    he looked around for a short cut of some sort, and immediately
    spotted a side trail leading off to his left that looked promising.
    Ted decided to try it.  He veered off the main path and headed down
    the the partly overgrown track.

       'Not what you'd call a well worn path.', he thought to himself,
    dodging the frequent low branches and jumping over the tree roots and
    fallen logs that threatened to trip him at every step. He began to
    regret his hasty decision as the track got worse and worse, finally
    becoming so overgrown that Ted had to stop and get his bearings.

       "Fuck!", he cursed, as he realized that the path had disappeared
    completely. "No way am I gonna get through there."

       With a shrug, Ted turned and headed back the way he had come. He
    only got a few paces before a faint noise caught his ear. He stopped
    and listened. There it was again!  It was faint but audible and
    seemed to be coming from behind the bushes off to his right. Ted bent
    down and squinted into the undergrowth. He could see nothing, but the
    noise became louder.

       Curious now, Ted carefully pushed aside the branches and moved
    towards the direction the sounds appeared to be coming from.  As he
    crept silently into the bushed, the noise became louder and clearer
    until suddenly the dense undergrowth thinned, and there, in a small
    clearing was the source of the mysterious sounds. It was couple of
    young kids, a boy and a girl, both half naked on the grass near the
    edge of the clearing.

       The girl was wearing what was left of her school uniform . She was
    lying on the grass on her back, with her knees bent and her legs
    spread wide, her white panties bunched lewdly around one slim ankle.
    The teenaged boy was between the young girl's open thighs, his pants
    pulled down to his knees, and he was fucking her plump,
    sparsely-haired cunt with all his might. The sounds he had heard were
    the girl's moans of pleasure as the thin, boyish cock drove deep into
    her tight, wet little hole.

       The girl, who looked about fourteen or fifteen, had her eyes
    closed and her supple young body arched, straining to receive her
    lover's pumping cock. Each time the boy plunged his little prick into
    her pussy, the girl let out a loud moan, obviously enjoying the small
    amount of penetration he was able to give her.  Ted could see clearly
    between their writhing legs, and gasped at the sight of the girl's
    compact little twat. Each time the boy withdrew his stiff prick from
    her narrow, juvenile slit, the pretty little kid's cuntlips pulled
    out around it, clasping the boy's stiff cock like a tiny, puckered
    mouth.  'Jesus, she must be tight!', thought Ted, as he marvelled at
    the wondrous sight of the girl's cock-filled cunt spread out before
    him.

       His own prick began to swell uncomfortably in his pants, and Ted
    dropped a hand down to grip the stiffening erection, rubbing his
    fingers along its hard length as he watched the tremendously arousing
    activities taking place in the clearing.  The girl was bucking her
    hips now, jerking her small, almost hairless cuntmound up at her
    lover's plunging cock in time with his fierce, downward stabs...
    moaning and groaning in ecstasy all the while. 'God, she's hardly
    even got hair on her pussy yet!... and she's out here in the woods,
    with her legs in the air, fucking like a damn pro!', thought Ted,
    becoming more and more excited by the minute.

       The girl's blouse was open, revealing her firm, young titties. Ted
    was pleasantly surprised to find that they were not as small as he
    had expected for a girl that age. They were conical-shaped, with
    large pink nipples, just right for sucking on. As if reading Ted's
    mind the boy bent his head and began nibbling on the mouth-sized
    little morsels, sucking them into his mouth while his cock slid
    continuously in and out of her hot, eager hole. "That's it kid...
    throw it to her!", Ted whispered to himself.  "Fuck her good!... Make
    the the horny little slut really feel it!"

       Ted was staring at the girl's juicy, pink cunt, wishing it was him
    stuffing his big, hard man-prick into her tight little fuckhole
    instead of her underdeveloped boyfriend. The lad's cock was tiny
    compared to Ted's, but judging by the way the girl was hunching her
    hips up at him, begging for more, Ted was confident that even his
    mammoth prick would fit into that well oiled little sheath... with
    little room to spare..... God, that would really be something else!

       Ted was just about to pull his cock out of his pants an jerk
    himself to a well earned climax when the boy shuddered and slumped
    against the girl's heaving chest.  Her tight, hot little pussy had
    obviously been too much for the inexperienced lad, and he had spent
    his load prematurely, ejaculating a sudden stream of boy-cum into the
    girl's still-unsatisfied young cunt. As the boy pulled out his
    rapidly deflating cock, and rolled off her, the look on the pretty
    youngster's face told him he had been correct. She hadn't cum yet,
    and by the way she scowled at him, she was definitely not pleased
    about the situation.  She said something to the boy and he replied
    with a look of anger on his face. Ted couldn't hear what they were
    saying, but it was clear that an argument was taking place, the
    subject of which, was not hard to guess.

       The boy said something and suddenly stood up, pulling on his
    pants. The girl hadn't moved since her young lover had rolled off
    her. Her legs were still spread wide apart and Ted feasted his gaze
    on her recently-fucked cunt. The tiny cuntlips were puffy and very
    slightly parted, only a few drops of semen and cuntjuice escaped the
    narrow slit. Ted smiled to himself. Most women's cuntlips hung
    obscenely open after a good fuck, letting a veritable tide of sperm
    and pussy-cream flood out to run slickly down into the cracks of
    their ass.  This young girl was excitingly different, the answer to
    Ted's most secret fantasy. 'She couldn't have been fucking for very
    long, with a pussy as tight-looking as that.' he thought.
    'Mmmmm!...but the way she squirmed and begged for more as her little
    boyfriend drilled her, meant that underneath that young exterior, she
    was a sexual volcano ready to blow!.'

       The thought filled Ted with uncontrollable lust...  he'd give
    anything to shove his big cock into her horny, little cunt and
    continue right where her unfortunate young lover had left off.
    Suddenly Ted had an idea.  He pushed through the thin cover of bushes
    through which he had been spying on the fucking pair, and stepped
    into the clearing.  The boy looked up first, seeing Ted heading
    towards him, fled into the bushes. The girl was still lying on the
    grass, naked from the waist down. She didn't see or hear him approach
    because she had her arm across her face and she was crying. Her
    slender young legs were still wide apart, and her little tits still
    poked provocatively through the front of her open blouse. As Ted got
    closer, he could see that her pretty little cunt wasn't as hairless
    as he'd first thought. It was covered with a light down of pale brown
    fuzz, almost invisible until you got close enough to see it.

       He stood above her, taking in the adolescent beauty of the pretty
    young girl. She still hadn't noticed him. Her crying had subsided a
    little by now, but occasionally, small sobs wracked her slender
    frame. As he watched, she dropped a small hand to her pussy and
    slipped her middle finger inside the swollen cuntlips, rubbing busily
    at her neglected little love-bud. Ted felt sorry for the girl as he
    stared at her slick fingers working desperately inside her eager
    young snatch... her obvious need magnified his own. How could anybody
    leave a gorgeous young thing like her in this state? Ted cleared his
    throat loudly to get her attention.

       Lost in a hazy cloud of self-gratification, the girl must have
    thought it was her boyfriend, because her finger remained deeply
    imbedded in her cunt as she took her hand from her face and looked
    up. When she saw Ted, she looked quickly around for her boyfriend. He
    was nowhere in sight, which made her even more frightened.  As she
    looked back up at Ted, her tiny mouth opened and her deep brown eyes
    went wide with shock.  Suddenly realizing that her finger was still
    inside her pussy, she quickly pulled it out, trying desperately to
    cover both her tits and her cunt at the same time, without success.
    Ted looked down at her, faking a stern face.

       "What the hell do you think you're doing, young lady?", he
    bellowed. The girl tried to stand up, but when she realized that
    would mean exposing either her tits or her cunt once more, she
    decided against it, and pulled her knees up in front of her instead.
    Tears began to flood her eyes as she tried to answer him.

       "N...n...nothing!", she sobbed, looking up at him with big
    innocent little-girl eyes.

       "Don't tell me you were doing nothing!", thundered Ted. "I saw you
    with that boy!... You two were fucking, weren't you?"

       "Oh, p...please, mister, don't tell anybody... my father will kill
    me!"

       "How old are you anyway", barked Ted, trying his best to be as
    menacing as possible to the frightened young girl.

       "S..s..sixteen..." Ted looked her up and down, somehow he didn't
    believe her.

       "How old?", he scowled.

       "Um...  fourteen...  and a half....  I am, honest!", replied the
    girl tearfully. Ted's cock twitched in his pants.

       "How long has that boy.... ah, what's his name?..."

       "Robbie", she answered. "His name's Robbie."

       "Right... How long has this Robbie kid been fucking you?"

       The girl didn't answer. She hung her head, ashamed to tell such an
    intimate detail to a total stranger.

       "Look at me girl! Now, tell me.. how long have you and Robbie been
    fucking?"

       "Th... this was only the second time."

       'Jesus, no wonder she looked so damn tight.' thought Ted.

       "What's your name?"

       "Melissa.", sobbed the girl.

       "Melissa what?", he growled.

       "Melissa Harvey"

       "Harvey...  Harvey...", muttered Ted, pretending to recognise the
    name. "I think I know your mother."

       "You know my Mom?", whined Melissa, her eyes as big as plates.
    "Oooh Jesus, don't tell her about this, please? Please don't!"

       Ted sat down close beside the girl and put an arm around her young
    shoulders.  He put his other hand on her knee in a fatherly manner,
    careful not to alarm her. Her smooth, young flesh was incredibly
    firm, and warm to the touch, almost feverish... hot and damp with the
    sweat of her recent love-making.

       "I won't tell a soul, Melissa... as long as you don't, honey.",
    smiled Ted as he gently parted her tightly closed thighs.

       "What do you mean?", asked the frightened girl, sobbing
    occasionally.

       "This is what I mean baby.", muttered Ted.

       He pulled his erect cock out of his shorts and placed her tiny
    hand on it.  The girl instinctively gripped his huge erection,
    gasping with a mixture of surprise and excitement as her tiny fingers
    wrapped around the long, hard shaft. She looked at it with sparkling
    eyes, mesmerised by the sheer size of it. Suddenly Melissa realized
    what she was doing. She was feeling the cock of a perfect stranger!

       "No, mister! Please.... we shouldn't!", she exclaimed. Ted noticed
    that although her voice protested, her hand never left his cock.

       "Call me Ted, honey!", he replied, sliding his hand up between the
    girl's creamy young thighs. "Of course we should, baby... I can tell
    you want it as much as I do! You want me to finish what Robbie
    started don't you?" Melissa felt a shiver of pleasure surge through
    her loins at his intimate touch, and nodded her head.

       Ted bent down to her face, and his warm mouth settled on hers.  He
    spread her tender lips apart and slid his hot tongue between them.
    Melissa's brain seemed to spin with excitement as he stroked his
    tongue inside her mouth. Her heart began to throb and her entire body
    shivered with adolescent lust. She opened her mouth wider and wider,
    responding to Ted's passionate kiss.  Her thighs inched further
    apart, not because Ted was pushing them apart, but because she was
    getting so very, very hot between them.

       While Ted dipped his tongue into the girl's warm, honeyed mouth,
    his hands roamed freely over her smooth, pubescent body, seeking the
    warm softness of her young pussy. His fingers moved lovingly down
    over her firm, round belly... a little lower and there it was.  No
    hair to disguise it, no womanly bush to tell his fingers where to go,
    just a light, peach fuzz of soft, downy cunt-fur.

       Ted's cock throbbed with excitement, jerking suddenly in Melissa's
    tiny hand as he slipped a finger inside the girl's slick cuntslit. It
    didn't go in very far, the tightness of her young loins preventing
    penetration for the moment. But there was moisture there, and plenty
    of it.

       "Mmmmmmmmmm!", the girl moaned, her hot, young mouth still glued
    firmly on his.  The way Ted was kissing her, and the sudden
    penetration of his big finger in the warm, wet slash of her cunny was
    making her shake with excitement, and before long, Melissa found
    herself responding eagerly to the erotic stimulation of Ted's expert
    touch. Ted pulled his mouth from hers.

       "You like that, don't you, honey?", he gasped, pushing his finger
    further into her tight, juvenile pussy. "Tell me, Melissa!...  tell
    me much you like my finger in your hot little cunthole, baby!"

       Melissa looked up at him, her wide brown eyes deep pools of
    adolescent lust.  She didn't care that he was a stranger, all that
    mattered right now was the pleasure his finger was generating in her
    extremely aroused young pussy.

       "Oh Ted!  It feels so nice! Put it in deeper...  play with me...
    please!"

       The girl was panting now, her cheek pressed tightly up against
    Ted's shirt-front.  His finger felt more than just nice, it felt
    absolutely wonderful... better even than Robbie's stiff little prick
    had felt only minutes earlier.  Bending her dimpled knees, Melissa
    spread her thighs to make his access easier.  Ted was quick to accept
    the obvious invitation, and began to move his finger in and out of
    her tight, warm snatch, still unable to penetrate further than the
    second knuckle.

       "God, you're fuckin' tight, honey!", Ted whispered. "I can't wait
    to get my cock in there. Jesus, it feels like my finger's stuck in a
    goddamn vice!" His cock throbbed powerfully in her tiny fist. Ted
    grabbed her curled fingers and began to move them on the huge shaft.
    "Like this, Melissa!", he said. "Rub your fist up and down my cock
    real tight. Use both hands if you like, baby."

       The girl put her other hand around his mammoth prick and began to
    move them both up and down....  in different directions.  Ted groaned
    with pleasure. He had never felt such a light yet firm grip on his
    cock before, and the way she was moving her tiny little fists in
    opposite directions at the same time was simply unbelievable.  No
    woman had ever jerked him off like that before, and now a
    fourteen-year-old schoolgirl was giving him the best hand job he had
    ever experienced in his life. It was fuckin' fantastic!

       Melissa thought it was fantastic too. She couldn't believe it was
    really happening.  Here she was, sitting half naked in the bushes,
    jacking off a total stranger while he played with her pussy.  She had
    felt ashamed, at first, and frightened, but as soon as Ted's finger
    touched her hot little slit, Melissa thought only of the pleasure he
    was giving her.  He was kind of cute too, she decided, even if he was
    old enough to be her own father. Melissa shivered as she thought of
    her father again. He was handsome too, handsome and well built, just
    like Ted.  Wild thoughts filled her confused young mind as the
    pleasure built within her loins. Soon, she began to fantasize, that
    it was her father's cock she had in her hands, and that the stiff
    finger wriggling around in her juicy young twat, was his too.

       "Mmmmmmm, Daddy!", she moaned under her breath. "... yes, Do it to
    me!" Ted smiled as he heard those words, and decided to play along
    with the horny young kid's incestuous fantasy. He found her tiny
    budding clit and rubbed it gently between thumb and forefinger,
    watching her squirm against his hand with delight. She humped her
    young crotch up at him, gasping for breath, wanting deeper
    penetration.

       "Do you like that, Melissa!", he breathed hotly into her ear.  "Do
    you like Daddy rubbing your sweet little clitty for you, honey?"

       "Ohhh yes!", she panted.  "It's wonderful! You're making me feel
    good all over!"

       "What about my cock, baby?...  What about Daddy's hard, stiff
    cock?", asked Ted, becoming more and more aroused as he played out
    the exciting charade with the young girl.

       "God, it's beautiful, Daddy!... but it's so huge!  I can't get my
    fingers all the way around it!... Am I rubbing it the right way?"

       "Christ, yessss!", groaned Ted. His cock felt like it was going to
    explode before he was ready. If he didn't do something quick, he was
    going to spray come all over the horny little girl's naked, heaving
    belly.

       "Lie back and spread your legs, Melissa, honey!", he said
    suddenly. "Daddy wants to kiss his little girl's sweet honey-pot."

       Melissa didn't know what Ted was talking about. He wouldn't really
    want to kiss her between the legs, would he? It was awfully wet down
    there, what with Robbie's spunk and her own pussy-cream, how on earth
    could anyone even think of kissing her there? she thought. But, as
    Ted pushed her gently backwards, Melissa didn't object.  As long as
    he kept giving her pleasure and didn't hurt her, she was happy to go
    along with anything the handsome man wanted.

       Ted knelt between her legs and grasped her thighs, opening them
    wide apart.  Melissa looked up at him, watching intently as Ted
    pulled off his shorts and shirt.  His body looked strong and
    muscular, and huge as he towered over her like a giant. A big
    friendly giant, thought Melissa, her young eyes drawn once more to
    his erect cock.  She reached for it and began to squeeze firmly on
    the mighty pole, her other hand dropping automatically to her pussy.
    Ted looked down as the girl's middle finger slid wetly into the top
    of her tight fur-lined little cuntslit.

       "Yes, that's it... play with yourself first, sweetheart!", he
    encouraged. "Show Daddy how you bring yourself off, Melissa! Make
    your hot little cunt nice and wet and juicy for Daddy's tongue!"

       "I will, Daddy!", she cried, inserting another small finger into
    her wide-stretched slit.  Her delicate, conical breasts stood high
    and tapering on her young chest, the twin peaks pointing firmly
    straight up, their whiteness almost translucent in the filtered
    sunlight. Her crinkly little nipples were baby-pink, the most
    delightful colour that Ted had ever seen.

       "God, honey!  Your little titties are so beautiful!", he said
    huskily, wrapping his long fingers around them.  He squeezed, causing
    Melissa to moan and arch her back as she pressed her budding mounds
    eagerly against his hard, rough hands. She bit her lips as wild
    thrills coursed through her young body.

       "Ohhhh, that's nice, Daddy, but I want more!", she moaned.  "Suck
    'em! Suck my titties, please!... Ooooooo, Jesus, lick 'em and suck
    'em, Daddy!"

       Ted bent and wrapped his lips around one of Melissa's firmly
    out-thrust tits, sucking the hard little nipple to full, throbbing
    erection, causing the excited young girl to gasp and writhe in
    ecstasy. Transferring his ravenous mouth to her other breast, Ted
    sucked that one to a similar state of arousal. Intense, throbbing
    thrills coursed through her loins as her fingers teased and rubbed
    her clit in time with Ted's nipple sucking.

       "Oh, God! I can't stand it!", she whimpered. "Your mouth feels
    sooo good!" As he sucked her breasts, Melissa continued fingering her
    rapidly moistening pussyslit, rubbing his cock at the same time.  It
    felt so good that soon her taut little ass began to wiggle and squirm
    on the ground. "Oooooh, the grass!", she exclaimed suddenly.  "It's
    tickling me!"

       "Where, darling...  where?", Ted asked, lifting his mouth from the
    girl's delicious young tits.

       At first the little girl had tried not to use the words that her
    parents and teachers had said were vulgar and obscene. But when Ted
    used them, it excited her, and as her excitement increased, Melissa's
    childish inhibitions evaporated rapidly.

       "My cunt!", she giggled. "The grass is tickling my cunt like
    crazy!"

       "Ohhh, sweetheart, you know those words, don't you?", Ted husked,
    kissing the tip of her freckled nose. "You can use 'em all with me,
    baby!"

       "Ohhh, Daddy!  I want to! It makes me so hot when you talk dirty
    to me!"

       "Me too, baby!", said Ted. "Would you like me to kiss you between
    the legs now? ... I think you're more than ready for it."

       "Mmmmmmm, yes, yesss!... Kiss me, Daddy!... Kiss my pussy! Kiss it
    real hard!"

       Ted bent his head between the girl's thighs and spread her legs
    wide.  He looked closely at the pink, pulsating gash of her little
    cuntal orifice.  It was beautiful, as only a young girl's pussy could
    be, the pink, pouting lips drawn back into a hungry grin of
    adolescent desire.  With a gasp of pleasure, Ted stared at the
    copious moisture which was visible along her tender slit.  He
    couldn't wait to lick that up!

       Surprisingly, Melissa felt no shame as she lay with her legs
    spread wide apart. Ted's eyes on her naked pussy seemed to have the
    opposite effect, serving only to intensify the young girl's
    excitement. She held onto his shoulders as Ted bent forwards and
    touched his lips to her quivering little twat. Melissa groaned as Ted
    pulled aside her tight, pink pussy-lips and sank his stiffened tongue
    as far as he could inside the girl's warm, juice-filled cunt.

       "Oooooohhhhh!  Wowwwwww!  God!  Uhhhh... your tongue .... It f..
    feels... ummmm... feels so gooooood Daddy!", she groaned, sprawling
    back on the grass, her slender young hips squirming helplessly as Ted
    licked and sucked her tasty little pussy.

       Her senses reeled and her mind jumped with lurid fantasy shapes as
    Ted's long, flicking tongue sent her on a merry-go-round ride of
    unparalleled pleasure.  His mouth on her open cunt was the most
    excitingly sexy sensation the aroused little fourteen-year-old had
    ever felt, and soon, in response to his lingual ministrations, her
    hot young cunt began to reward him with a veritable flood of clear,
    fragrant girly-juice.

       Ted began to suck her hungrily, vacuuming the dewy droplets into
    his mouth as though his life depended on it. She tasted wonderful. He
    had always enjoyed the taste of pussy, but compared to the usually
    strong female flavour he was used to, Melissa's dainty little cunt
    tasted pure, chaste and innocent. Her juices were like honey in his
    mouth, and Ted sucked up every last drop.  He was vaguely aware of
    the sounds she was making... they were the whimpers and moans of a
    young girl experiencing real sex for the first time, a girl who stood
    on the brink of a brand new horizon.  Lust coursed through Melissa as
    she felt Ted's finger rub gently at the entrance of her tight,
    puckered little shitter.

       "Ohhh, that's nice, Daddy!", she cried out with delight.  "Rub my
    asshole!"

       Ted wanted to thrust his finger inside her cute little butt and
    ass-fuck the sexy young kid at the same time as his tongue was
    fucking her horny little cunt, but despite her blatant invitation,
    that might be too much for now, he'd best leave that pleasure for
    later.  Instead, he spread her cunt wider, pushing his mouth hard
    against the moist heat of her gaping slit.  Reaching beneath her, Ted
    cupped the cheeks of her hot little ass, forcing the girl's wide-open
    crotch up against his face, burying his mouth and nose deeply into
    her juicy, pulsating little twat.  Melissa was on fire with the
    stabbing lashes of Ted's tongue on her tiny young clit. She was wild
    with desire, wriggling in a frenzy of pubescent lust, as unbelievable
    sensations churned through her belly and loins, driving the
    precocious youngster headlong towards a crashing climax.

       "Ohhh, God!...  I can't stand it!", she squealed.  "Uhhhh, I'm
    gonna....  ooooooooh!...  It's happening!...  Arhhhhhhhhh!  Mmmmmm!
    Mmmmm! Mmmmmaaaahhh!"

        Ted sensed that she was so sexually inexperienced that her
    vocabulary contained no words to describe what was happening to her.
    But it didn't matter, because the tone of her voice, and the way she
    was moaning uncontrollably, told Ted all he needed to know. She was
    about to orgasm.  He was certain of it.  His lips nibbled mercilessly
    at her tiny throbbing clit, sucking the hardened little bud in and
    out of his mouth. Within moments she was thrashing and writhing, her
    lithe and graceful young body undulating wildly beneath him.  As she
    reached her climaxed, Melissa grabbed the back of Ted's head with
    both hands and pushed his face hard against her juicy cunt-mound,
    rotating her hips drunkenly in a desperate attempt to bring every
    corner of her spasming cunt into contact with his slurping mouth.

       Little Melissa was cumming... cumming as she would never come
    again, cumming as only an adolescent girl _can_ cum.  She was totally
    oblivious to everything around her, concentrating only on maximizing
    the intense pleasure the man's lips and tongue were generating in her
    pulsating cunt.  Ted licked and sucked the young girl dry, his mouth
    reluctantly leaving her tiny, quivering fuck-hole only after her
    spasms had died away and every drop of her delicious cum-cream had
    passed over his tongue and down his thirsty gullet.

       He straightened up and took his cock in his left hand, stroking
    the mighty organ to erection as he knelt between her slender thighs.
    He looked down at the girl with pure lust blazing in his eyes.  It
    was a dream come true. He had always had a thing for young girls, the
    younger the better, but little Melissa was perfect...  pretty... well
    proportioned, and above all...  extremely willing.

       They had to want it too, thought Ted, otherwise to him it was just
    child molesting. The girl had to get as much pleasure as he did, or
    Ted rapidly lost interest.  He stared at Melissa's naked body
    sprawled sexily on the grass before him.  Her legs were still
    shamelessly spread wide apart, exactly the way he had left her. Ted
    worked his hand firmly up and down over his prick as he let his gaze
    wander up and down her body from her tiny, delicate boobs to her
    pink, squeaky-clean little cunt.  Melissa came out of her
    post-orgasmic trance and opened her eyes. The first thing she saw was
    Ted's huge erect cock, and she watched with wide eyes as his fist
    jerked firmly up and down the formidable weapon......

       "God, your prick is huge... much bigger than Robbie's!", she said,
    pushing herself up on her elbows to get a better look.  Ted saw a
    look of alarm cross her pretty young features as Melissa saw how big
    the mammoth organ really was.

       "Don't worry, baby! Once I get it inside you, you're gonna love
    every inch of it!"

       "But it'll never fit into my cunt!", she whined.

       Ted knew it would fit, but he also knew that he was wasting time
    trying to convince her. He would have to get her so aroused that
    she'd eventually beg him for it, then he'd stick every last fucking
    inch of it into her dainty little pussy and screw the living
    daylights out of the horny, little cunt. He lay down beside her and
    rolled her towards him.

       "We don't have to fuck if you don't want to, baby!", he whispered,
    running his hands over her body, fondling her taut little buttocks
    and squeezing her tiny nipples.

       "We don't?", Melissa asked with surprise.

       That was the only thing most of boys she knew wanted from her.
    Sure, some had felt her up at the movies, but Robbie was the only one
    she had let put his cock inside her pussy. The first time was a
    little painful, and by the time he had finished she was only just
    beginning to feel something wonderful building inside her swollen
    little pussy.  It frustrated her at the time, so she let him do it to
    her again...  today...  out her in the clearing, hoping to find the
    elusive fulfillment that had escaped her before. But the second time
    was the same... just as she had started to feel something, Robbie
    squirted inside her and got off. She had asked him to try again, but
    Robbie only laughed and made fun of her.  They had a fight and that
    was when Ted had appeared. Ted was the only one who had successfully
    brought her to the wonderful experience of orgasm, and she loved him
    for it.

       "Did you like getting your pussy sucked, Melissa", asked Ted,
    putting his hand on her swollen little cuntmound.

       "Oh, God yes!  I...  Ummmmmmmm! Ooooh, Daddy!", she moaned as
    Ted's middle finger slipped between her moist cuntlips and massaged
    her little clitoris.

       "What's this thing you have with your father, honey. Do you do
    this sort of thing with him too?", asked Ted hopefully.

       "Jesus, no!", she replied. "I'd be too ashamed!  Besides my father
    would never try anything with his own daughter."

       "You'd be surprised, sweetheart!", said Ted. "How about you? Would
    you like your father to do what I'm doing to you right now!" Ted
    screwed his finger deep into her cunt, pressing his thumb hard
    against her clit.

       "Uhhhhh, Mmmmmmm, yesss!  Oh, fuck yes, I would!...God, would I
    ever!"

       "I thought so", breathed Ted, keeping up his finger action on the
    little girl's responsive young pussy. "How about if he sucked your
    pussy like I just did.  I bet deep down he'd love to do it too. All
    fathers have sexual thoughts about their daughters and vice versa,
    but only a few fathers and daughters have the opportunity or the guts
    to see it through."

       "You m...mean my Dad probably want's to have sex with me!", asked
    the girl incredulously.  A twitch went through her loins at the very
    thought, and her cunt muscles squeezed and relaxed around Ted's
    deeply imbedded finger.

       "Shit yeah! Of course he does!  Jesus, Melissa, if I was your
    father and I found out what a hot little piece you are, I'd be
    fucking and sucking you every chance I got, baby!", whispered Ted,
    squeezing her little tit mounds with one hand while the other stroked
    her slick, open gash.

       "Ohhhh, God!  If only he would!", moaned Melissa hunching her
    pussy up at Ted's fingers.

       "You just have to show him you're interested, baby, that's all.",
    said Ted. "You know, leave you door open while you're changing...
    wear tight shorts, short skirts, and the skimpiest panties you can
    find... show him a bit of tit and ass. And the real test is to sit on
    his lap in your nightie and give him a hot kiss goodnight, if his
    cock doesn't leap up and bite your cute little ass, he's made of
    fuckin' stone, baby!"

       Melissa listened to Ted's advice as she savoured the feel of his
    hands on her trembling body. The images his words conjured up were
    making her almost as hot as his busy fingers. Her cunt was filling
    with juice again, and that familiar itch in her loins was back,
    stronger than ever.

       "Mmmmm, yes! yes! Oooh, Ted, pretend you're my Daddy again!  Show
    me what he'd do if I did what you said!", she squealed.

       Ted crushed his lips to hers, kissing the young girl hotly,
    forcing his hard tongue deep into her warm, receptive mouth.  After a
    few seconds of passionate frenching, he let his hot lips slide down
    over her soft, creamy neck to her breasts, and Melissa groaned with
    delight as Ted sucked the hard, pink little nipples into his greedy
    mouth.

       "Uhhhhhhmmmm, yesss, Daddy! Suck my tits!", she wailed.  "Suck my
    tits and feel my cunt!  Oooooooh, it feels soooo good!"

       Ted pulled his mouth off Melissa's tits and whispered in her ear.
    "You're a hot little cunt, aren't you, Melissa, honey!"

       "Mmmmm, y... yesss!", she moaned, her eyes tightly closed as she
    wiggled her tiny, aroused twat against his hand.

       "Tell me, baby!", grunted Ted. "Tell Daddy what a hot cunt his
    sexy little daughter is!"

       "Oooooh, Daddy!  I am!  I am! I'm such a hot little cunt!", gasped
    Melissa.

       "And who are you hot for, honey?", Ted asked, fucking his finger
    in and out of her tight, wet little cunthole with a vengeance.

       "You!...  You Daddy!...  I'm hot for you!", she screamed, grabbing
    hold of his cock.

       "Ah, you like your Daddy's big fat prick, do you, sweetheart?"

       "Mmmmmm, yesss!  I love to feel it, Daddy! It's so soft and smooth
    and hard, all at the same time."

       "It's gonna feel even better inside your sweet little pussy,
    honey! I can promise you that!", Ted groaned as the little girl began
    to jerk her tiny fingers up and down the length of his erection
    again. It felt wonderful, but he needed more!

       "Sit up, baby!", said Ted suddenly.

       Melissa did as she was told. Ted knelt in front of her and guided
    the tip of his cock towards her small, pink mouth. The girl seemed
    hypnotized by the very sight of it so close to her.  Looking down its
    massive length, Melissa found it impossible to imagine anything so
    huge going inside of a woman's pussy. Not only was it as thick as her
    wrist, it was so very long! 'How in the world can a cunt be deep
    enough to hold all that!', she wondered.  The stiff pole was at least
    ten inches long!  She thought of the only other cunt she had seen
    before.. her mother's. It must be very deep, she concluded, because
    she had seen her father's cock buried up to the hilt in it once when
    she had spied on them one time.

       The spectacle of her father fucking her mother filled the girl's
    lust-infused little brain, and she wondered if her mother's cunt
    could take all of Ted's big cock as easily as it had her father's.
    Ted pulled Melissa closer toward him, stroking her hair and petting
    her shoulders.  Although he was trying to calm her, the girl could
    sense his own burning urgency. His whole body seemed to be quivering
    all over.  She knew instinctively that he wanted something, that he
    needed her, and the thought thrilled the pretty youngster.

       "Suck it, honey!", ordered Ted. "Suck Daddy's cock for him. Get it
    nice and hard so he can stick it up his little baby's hot, tight
    little cunthole!"

       Melissa was too far gone to object.  His finger in her cunt had
    gotten the little fourteen-year-old so hot, she would have done just
    about anything the strong, handsome man asked.  She felt his
    prick-head rub against her lips. It felt smooth to the touch, as if
    it was made of silk, and although it was rock-hard, it felt soft as a
    feather against her lips. Melissa could smell a strong musky odour
    rising from it. She knew instinctively that it was the fragrance of
    sex, and it turned her on even more.  The girl gasped and opened her
    lips wide, leaning forwards to take Ted's throbbing cock into her
    small mouth.  Her long brown hair fell seductively over her little
    pointed tits as Ted put his hand on the back of her head and pushed
    his huge prick into her hot, moist mouth.

       The thought of sucking a cock had frightened Melissa at first, but
    it also thrilled her in a strange and inexplicable way.  She had to
    do it...  she was at his mercy. Deep inside though, she also knew
    that she wanted to do it. Opening her mouth as wide as possible,
    Melissa tried to suck in as much of his cock as possible. She was
    only able to get half the length of his tool into her little mouth,
    the rest remained outside.  Very carefully and methodically, the girl
    began to suck it, a nervous beginner who was extremely anxious to
    learn. She wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and sucked
    tentatively, not knowing what to expect.

       "Uhhh, nice!...  Real nice! But I want you to suck harder,
    Melissa. Don't be afraid to suck as hard as you like, baby!" Ted
    winced as the girl's teeth rasped along his prick. "Ouch!... Careful,
    honey, you're little teeth are sharp!", complained Ted, holding her
    head back a little. "Use your lips, baby...  just use your lips and
    tongue, ok!"

       Melissa mumbled something unintelligible and nodded, causing Ted's
    cock to slip out of her mouth.

       "I'm sorry, Daddy!", she whimpered. "I'm not real good at it, am
    I?"

       "Don't worry, honey.  Just relax and let it come naturally!",
    comforted Ted.  The girl looked up at him with her big brown eyes and
    smiled shyly.

       "Play with my pussy again, Daddy!", she asked. "Fuck my cunt with
    your fingers while I suck your cock.... please?"

       Ted smiled back, excited by her shameless request. She's catching
    on REAL fast, he thought, reaching down between her eagerly spread
    thighs.

       "Ok, baby!", he whispered. "My pleasure!"

       As he cupped Melissa's hot, moist little pussy, Ted felt the
    girl's warm lips return to his aching prick. This time she was a bit
    better at it, and after sucking as much of his enormous cock into her
    tiny mouth as she could, she wrapped her little fingers around the
    remaining length, and began to jerk him off at the same time. Ted
    rubbed her swollen cuntmound with the palm of his hand, letting his
    fingers stray playfully over the tiny pink rosebud of her anus.

       "Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmm!  Mmmmmmmmmm!", she moaned, her lips still
    slurping noisily at his cock. Her hips hunched up off the ground at
    his hand, and Ted knew it was because of his finger action on her
    sensitive little asshole.  He decided to see how far she was prepared
    to let him go. He soothed her a little first by gently pushing his
    thumb into the girl's succulent little twat, fucking it slowly in and
    out of her tight cunthole until she was writhing with pleasure. Then,
    once she had gotten used to his thumb in her cunt, Ted pressed his
    middle finger against her moist, quivering asshole and pushed. Slowly
    but surely, his finger penetrated her little behind until his palm
    came to rest on the soft expanse of flesh between her two tight
    little holes.

       "Mmmmfffff!  Ummmmmmmm!  Affffffmmmmmm!", were the only sounds
    that Melissa could make as Ted plugged the pretty little girl in all
    three holes of her horny, young body.  Melissa was beside herself
    with joy. It didn't hurt at all! On the contrary, his big finger up
    her rear passage felt good... real good, especially with his thumb
    fucking her cunt and his cock in her mouth at the same time. The
    little girl felt filled... filled with everything he could give
    her... yet deep down, she wanted more!

       "Oh, Jesus, you gorgeous little cunt!", breathed Ted as Melissa
    began to rotate her hips and push her tiny ass against him, trying to
    get as much of his hand inside her two tight, seething little holes
    as possible.  He reciprocated by plunging his thumb and finger deeply
    into her, squeezing her hot, juicy membranes between them. He could
    feel the tip of his thumb press firmly against the tip of his finger
    deep inside her, separated from each other by a thin, elastic wall.

       "You like that, don't you, kid?", snarled Ted. "You like getting
    fucked in both holes at the same time, don't you?" His twin digits
    were ramming into her crotch like two pumping cocks, and the strange
    combination drove Melissa wild.  She tried to take her mouth off his
    throbbing erection to answer, but Ted wouldn't let her. He held her
    by the back of the head and forced her mouth further down over his
    aching cock.  "Get you mouth back on Daddy's prick, sweetheart, and
    leave it there!", he ordered. "Or I'll take my fingers out of you
    right now!"

       Without a sound, Melissa went back to sucking the man's huge cock
    with gusto. She didn't want Ted to stop. The feelings that his
    finger and thumb were generating inside her throbbing little pussy
    and asshole were just too good... and they were getting better every
    second!

       Erotic sensations were coursing like lightning throughout
    Melissa's horny little body, causing her tender young twat to
    overflow with fluid. Ted's finger and thumb slurped and squished
    noisily in her juices as his plunging digits sent ecstatic surges of
    erupting passion through her pubescent pussy. Soon, the wonderful
    melty feelings began to spread outwards from her stimulated loins
    like wildfire, engulfing her entire body.

       Melissa no longer had any shy girlish inhibitions, she wanted
    this big, handsome stranger to do everything with her, even to fuck
    her with that monster prick of his. The horny little girl was lost
    in a spiralling vortex of total sexual abandon. Wrenching her mouth
    from his cock, Melissa screamed out her innermost desires. Nothing
    mattered now... nothing but her new-found sexual pleasure.

       "Oooooooh, Christ!... I can't stand it any more!... Fuck me!...
    Oh, God! Please fuck me!", begged the little girl, her cunt and ass
    were writhing on his hand as she stared wildly into his eyes.

       Her pretty young features were twisted into a mask of pure,
    adolescent lust... a look that expressed her desperate, yearning
    need more than words ever could.

       "You bet your sweet little ass I'll fuck you, honey!", panted
    Ted, pushing the girl onto her back. Melissa opened her legs as wide
    as she could as Ted mounted her, giving him complete access to her
    tender, young pussy. She felt the tip of his cock pushing her tiny
    cuntlips apart, stretching them open as his huge prick penetrated
    her cunt.  It was only half way in when Melissa screamed in pain.
    Ted stopped and rested his weight on both hands, giving the girl a
    chance to accept the thickness of his massive cock inside her tight
    little fuckhole.

       "Sorry, baby!", he panted. "You okay?"

       "Ummmm! Yes!.. It hurt a bit at first, but now it's starting to
    feel nice!"

        Ted knew that this was the moment of truth.  If he plunged
    straight into the kid's hot, wet little twat, like his cock urged
    him to, he would hurt her... and that would put her off sex for a
    long, long time. However, on the other hand, if he took it easy and
    maximized her pleasure, he would have another hot little convert who
    he could fuck and suck at his leisure... any time he wanted. It had
    to be done just right! The part of his cock that was already in
    Melissa's eager pulsing little hole was getting a really tight
    squeeze.

       Her inner labia closed around its girth, almost choking his
    prick's bulbous head. But though it was incredibly tight... or
    probably because of that... it felt wonderful! Ted was almost
    overcome with the sudden urge to ram his cock the rest of the way
    into her, but caught himself at the last moment. Melissa's warm
    cuntal walls clenching around his hard, throbbing prick were almost
    too good to resist... then, incredibly, she actually begged him to
    go deeper!

       "I can take it!", she moaned. "I can take it all!... Push
    hard!... Really fuck it into me, Daddy!"

       Even with his cock stretching her tight,

       "You're gonna love this, sweetheart, I promise!" Ted pushed,
    burying his cock to the hilt inside her tight, clinging snatch.

       "Ohhhh, Uhhhhhhhhh, Ummmmmmm!" The girl was screaming differently
    now, as Ted's massive prick penetrated and stretched her tight
    little cunt to the limit.

       "Ahhhhh!  Your cock is all the way inside me," she wailed.
    "Ooooohh, Daddy. Your cock!... It's in really deep!"

       Little Melissa could hardly believe it was happening to her.  Now
    that the initial pain was gone, the feel of Ted's huge man-sized
    cock stuffed way up inside her tiny twat made her wild with
    excitement. Nothing before ever felt as good as having this man's
    big, hard prick inside her little pussy. She felt it all the way
    deep inside her, her pussy lips stretching tighter and tighter
    around its massive circumference.  Melissa looked up into Ted's
    passionate eyes, her own filled with timid urgency.

       "More, Daddy!", she pleaded. "Give me more!.... Move in me!"

       She could scarcely breathe, his hold on her was so tight and her
    excitement so intense. She whimpered and panted with pleasure as Ted
    began to fuck her slow.  Her young belly felt completely filled with
    his huge, throbbing cock, and she gasped with delight as it seemed
    to swell more and more within her. It was a feeling that the
    precocious little girl would soon learn to love. Slowly, Ted began
    to raise and lower his hips, smiling at the look of obvious pleasure
    on her cute little face as his cock slid back and forth in her
    slippery, juice-drenched young snatch.

       "You like being fucked, don't you Melissa, honey!", he whispered,
    stroking his cock gently in and out of her tight, clinging little
    cunthole. "You like my hard cock fucking you, don't you?... Say
    it!... Tell Daddy how much you like it, baby!""

       "Oh, God, yesss!", moaned the girl. "Christ, I love it! I love
    your big fucking cock!...  Fuck!  Jesus, it feels like a goddamn
    horse is fucking me!"

       "Not a horse, honey. Just a big, fat man-cock!", replied Ted with
    a grin.

       He began to move faster as his prick became well and truly
    lubricated by her abundant pussy-cream.  His cock felt like a boa
    constrictor was wrapped around it, pressing it urgently and
    squeezing the very life out of it. But Ted was in ecstasy. The snug
    fit of the girl's tight, little twat was absolutely fucking
    wonderful!

       Melissa moaned with delight as Ted began to pump her squirming
    young belly full of rock-hard cockmeat. His long, thick pistoning
    prick was making her tingly little cunt feel so alive... alive with
    an insatiable hunger for sex.

       It was the most erotic pleasure her young body had ever felt. It
    was more thrilling than having her pussy licked, better than having
    a finger in her twat, and far, far better than having Robbie's
    skinny little tool diddling around in her cunt. Nothing felt as good
    as Ted's fucking prick... nothing at all!  Melissa made up her mind
    to forget the boys, with their tiny ineffectual little peckers, and
    concentrate on men... real men... men with nice, big thick cocks who
    would make her feel as good as Ted was making her feel right now.

       Although he had felt intolerably large inside her at first,
    Melissa could feel her cunt adjusting to the size of his cock.  The
    smooth, elastic walls were spreading a little to give him enough
    room to move freely, and the copious flow of cunt-juices greased his
    mighty pole as it plunged wetly in and out, making loud sucking
    noises. His cockhead was poking further into her young fuckhole than
    any finger or cock had ever done before. She could feel it hit hard
    up against the end of her cunt with every downward thrust. At the
    same time, she also felt his heavy balls slap against her tiny
    little asshole and the bristles of his curly pubic bush against her
    hairless little pussy.

       Ted gazed down at Melissa's slender young body beneath him.  She
    looked so small and dainty, her cute, little-girl face flushed and
    sweaty as she held on for dear life, a look of painful determination
    on her pretty features.

       "What's wrong, honey?", asked Ted, slowing his strokes a little.
    "Am I hurting you?"

       "Uhhhnnn...n.. no! It feels nice! But it did hurt a bit at first!

       "It won't now, baby! Lift your legs up over my shoulders and I'll
    give you a REAL fuck!"

       With a little squeal of pleasure, Melissa obeyed immediately,
    pulling her knees up and draping her slim legs over his shoulders as
    he had asked. Then, Ted began to stroke his cock in and out full
    length, drilling her deeply with his big prong.  After only a couple
    of thrusts, the hot youngster began moving with him, lifting her
    small, round hips up at him rhythmically, her buttocks working
    instinctively to push her tight little pussy up towards his plunging
    prick.  With each penetrating drive, she loved it more and more, and
    began writhing her cunny shamelessly on his spearing shaft.

       "Do it to me, Ted!", she sobbed with bliss. "Fuck me hard! Make me
    have a climax!  Make me cum, Ted! Uhhhh! Hhuuhhhh! Ohhhh! Jeez' that
    feels gooood!"

       "What ever happened to calling me `Daddy'?", panted Ted.  "I was
    beginning to like pretending I was fucking my very own little girl."

       "Ahhhh!  Ummmmm! I.. Oooohhhh Jesus!.. I'll c..call you anything
    you want!  Just keep on fucking meeeee!... Oh God, I love your big
    cock in me, so much!"

       Ted continued to penetrate the girl's tight, slippery little
    cunthole again and again, withdrawing to the tip then driving his
    prick in all the way to the hilt.  His body shivered with every
    stroke, as he fucked her with all his strength.  His breathing became
    heavy and laboured with the exertion.

       "Fuck!  Ungh!  Ungh! Ungh! Oh, damn! You're a fantastic little
    fuck, Melissa!", grunted Ted as he thrust into her.  "God, what a
    tight, hot, slippery little cunt! Uh! Uhhh!"

       Melissa barely heard him. There was a ringing and pounding in her
    ears as wave after wave of ecstasy coursed through her adolescent
    body. Ted's big, hard cock was driving her wild!

       "Ohhhhhhh!  God!", screamed Melissa. "Do it hard! Uhhhhngggghh!
    Oh, Jesus!  Fuck me!...  It's happening! It's happening again!  I...
    I'm c...cummmmmming!"

       She was coming alright, and Ted knew it was a big one when he felt
    the youngster's body stiffen under him.  Her tiny cunt convulsed
    around his mighty cock with rapid, rhythmical contractions, her
    little hips bucking and twisting like mad, desperate for more of her
    lover's wonderful, pistoning cock.  Ted gave her exactly what she
    wanted, fucking the sexy little fourteen-year-old as hard and as fast
    as he could, relishing the fantastic feeling of her tight, teenage
    pussy climaxing around his throbbing cock.

       He plunged into her mercilessly, grinding his hard pubic mound
    against her throbbing clitoris, smashing his prick deep into her
    wide-spread cunt with long, powerful thrusts...  thrusts that without
    the proper preparation would have split the girl's tight little pussy
    in two. Ted's patience and control had paid off and now he was
    fucking the horny little girl as he had wanted to since he had set
    eyes on her...  deep and hard and fast...  and to his delight, she
    was fucking him back with youthful eagerness, shamelessly throwing
    her hot, tight young cunt up at him like a little demon.

       "Arhhhhh Uhhhhnnnnn!  Ohhh! Ohhhh! Dadddddy! Fuck me! Fuck me!
    Fuck meeeeeeee!", squealed Melissa as Ted's pounding prick drove her
    over the edge into orgasm once more. She couldn't believe it!  Never
    in her wildest fantasies, did the young girl ever imagine that a cock
    could make her climax so many times in a row.

       It swept her breath away, and her reason with it as, spurt upon
    spurt, her pleasure-wracked pussy released it's fluid to fill her
    little joy box with cum-juice time and time again.  It was much
    better than when he had sucked her cunt... this time her pussy was
    packed to the hilt with ten solid inches of hard, thick cockmeat.
    Better still, with each stroke, Ted's groin mashed hard against her
    upthrust pubic mound, sending her little clit into wild spasms of
    intense pleasure.

       "Ahhhhhhggggghhh! I can't believe it!", squealed Melissa as a
    third orgasm started deep within her highly aroused young loins. "I'm
    coming again!  Oh, God!....  Oooooo, don't stop!...  Don't ever
    stop!...  Make me come forever!"

       Ted had no intention of stopping. The gorgeous little kid was one
    of the best fucks he'd had in a long time, and it was adding to his
    own excitement enormously to give her the ultimate female pleasure...
    multiple orgasms. Her cunt was contracting deliciously around his
    rigid prick as he rammed it ever deeper into the youngster's
    squirming twat, the grunting sounds she was making driving him crazy.
    Ted felt his balls slapping against her tiny asshole and couldn't
    help but imagine how much harder she would be able to grip him with
    that tight little hole.  He bent forwards and tried to suck one of
    her tiny tits into his mouth, but he couldn't reach, so he bent his
    head and kissed her flushed neck instead. Melissa immediately grabbed
    the back of his head and crushed her parted lips over his, kissing
    him hard. Her hot little tongue stabbing into his open mouth with the
    same tempo and enthusiasm that Ted's cock exhibited as it plunged in
    and out of her bucking cunt.

       Moving rhythmically and not stopping for a second, Ted worked to
    give Melissa as many orgasms as her hot little teenage cunt could
    churn out, struggling all the while to hold back his own.  Even after
    her whimpers of pleasure had died down, Ted kept up his pelvic
    movements, till he was sure the girl had completely finished cumming.
    Then, when her body started to relax, and her muscles weren't quite
    so flexed, he withdrew and lay down on the grass beside her, his
    still-rampant cock resting wetly on her creamy thigh.  Ted ran his
    hands over her hot, damp flesh as she lay panting beside him. Her
    eyes were closed and her breath came in deep, exhausted gasps.

       "I bet none of your little boyfriends ever made you come like
    that, sweetheart?", Ted whispered hotly into her ear. He began
    stroking the girl's small, heaving tits, rubbing her nipples gently
    between thumb and forefinger.

       "Ohhhh, God no!... Never!", she breathed, throwing her arms around
    him.  "I've never felt anything so wonderful in my life!...  It was
    fantastic!"

       Ted looked down into her beautiful young eyes and smiled.
    "Anything to please my little baby girl!", breathed Ted slipping two
    of his fingers into her juicy, gaping cuntslit.

       "Oooooo, you naughty, naughty Daddy!", giggled Melissa, rotating
    her hips lewdly on Ted's probing fingers.  "Mmmmmm!  God, if you keep
    that up, you're gonna get me all hot again!"

       "That's the whole idea, sweetheart!", grunted Ted, sinking his
    fingers as far as he could into the slick velvet depths of her gaping
    cunt.  "Play with my cock while I get you good and ready for more,
    baby!"

       Melissa reached for his prick and gasped with surprise when she
    felt it's pulsing rigidity.

       "You didn't come!", she said with wonder. "This afternoon when
    Robbie fucked me, he came before I did! It wasn't much fun at all."

       "Little boy's are like that, Melissa honey.  What you need is a
    man's cock.", said Ted nodding down a his formidable hardon.

       Melissa stared at the huge throbbing organ nestled in her hand. It
    glistened with moisture, and her little heart skipped a beat with
    excitement as she realized it was still covered with her cunt
    juices... her own sticky girlycum. It looked so big and red and angry
    against the whiteness of her tiny fingers. The look, the feel and
    even the smell of it excited her terribly!  Now that she knew how
    utterly fantastic it felt plowing in and out of her hot little cunt,
    she wanted more... much, much more!

       Ted saw the hungry look in her eyes and smiled to himself. She was
    hooked, he thought.  His fingers found her clit and he played with
    it, stroking and rubbing the stiff little bud expertly.  He watched
    her squirm.

       "How many times did you come before, baby!", he asked.

       "Oh, Jesus!  So many times I lost count! I think I even blacked
    out for a moment, it was unbelievable." Suddenly, she looked up at
    him longingly.

       "Will it be that good every time?"

       "I certainly hope so, honey!", smiled Ted.

       "Good, let's do it again... right now!", she said
    enthusiastically, pulling on his prick.  Melissa lay back as she had
    done before and spread her pretty little legs wide, her tiny, gaping
    slit more than ready to receive his big, stiff cock.

       But Ted had other ideas. He grabbed the naked girl by the hips and
    rolled over, pulling her on top of him until Melissa's little cunt
    was poised above his erect cock.  She was on all fours, her knees
    straddling his hips, and her hands on his shoulders, supporting her
    weight on stiffened arms.

       "Now, sit on my cock, Melissa honey!", groaned Ted. "That way you
    can have as much of it as you want....  You're in control now,
    baby... go for it!"

       Melissa reached down between her thighs and grasped his cock with
    trembling fingers, pressing the swollen, purple tip against her open
    cunt.  It pulsed and jumped anxiously, nuzzling her slippery
    pussy-lips with it's bulging head.  The girl shivered with pleasure
    at the delicious contact, moaning deep down in her throat as she
    rubbed his cockhead up and down the length of her juicy, quivering
    little slit.

       Her involuntary response made Ted's cock twitch, the rigid organ
    throbbing with excitement at the sight of the youngster's undisguised
    lust.  He could feel the tender tissues of her cunt opening as she
    lowered herself slowly onto his upthrust prick. Ted watched and felt
    with growing excitement as her cuntlips parted, and his cock entered
    her, slicing deeply into her hairless cuntmound as the girl hunched
    downwards onto him. Although her little cunt was well lubricated from
    their previous fuck, her weight alone wasn't sufficient to overcome
    the resistance of his thick cock in her tight pussy.  Ted grasped the
    cheeks of her ass and literally pulled her cunt down onto his
    upthrust prick. The fit was tight and hot, and Ted moaned once more
    as he felt his entire cock deeply imbedded in the girl's snug little
    fuckhole.

       "Oh, baby girl!...  Damn, that's tight!", he gasped as Melissa
    settled herself fully on him.  "God!  Jesus, you gorgeous, sexy
    little cunt!... Am I ever gonna give you a fuck to remember, baby!"

       "Oooooh, Daddy!", she purred. "Oooooo, yesssss, fuck me!  Fuck my
    pussy!  Oh, yes, yes! Mmmmm, you're cock feels soooo good up there!
    It's all the way in, Daddy! Now, fuck me good! Fuck my tight, juicy
    little cunt real good!"

       "Unnnggghhh!...  Jesus!....  I will, baby!.... Mmmmmmm, believe me
    I will!"

       Ever so eagerly, the excited young fourteen-year-old began to hump
    her tightly-stretched little quim up and down on Ted's cock,
    whimpering and moaning incessantly as the rock-hard shaft fucked in
    and out of her tiny cunt.  Her firm young buttocks clenched and
    relaxed with the effort and her slender back arched in ecstasy as
    Melissa took her pleasure.  Her cute little ass and firm, budding
    breasts wiggled sensuously as she bucked around wildly on his
    upthrust prick.

       Ted's grinding hips moved solidly as he worked his long, steely
    prong ever so deeply inside of the young girl's bucking hole.  Her
    bright pink cuntlips were pushed wide apart by his massive cock, and
    mashed repeatedly against the base of his thick shaft each time he
    lunged up into her.

       "Uhhhhhhhhhhhh!  Goddddd!  Fuck, what a cock!", squealed Melissa,
    bouncing up and down on him like crazy. "Ohhh, fuck me Daddy!  Fill
    my hot little snatch with your big, fat prick and fuck me!... Ohhh!
    Ohhh! Daddy! Uhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Hearing her urgent cry, Ted hunched his
    cock up at her as hard as he could, burying his stiff, throbbing pole
    as deeply as possible inside the girl's slippery, squirming little
    twat.

       "Mmmmmm!  Damn, that's fantastic!", he moaned. "Uhhhh, yeahhhh!
    Hot and tight and wet!... Jesus, I love young pussy!  ...  Ooooh!
    Shake that cunt for me, baby! Yes, that's it, grind it down real
    hard!"

       They both made noises like wild animals, the inner muscles of
    Melissa's tight little cunt clasping Ted's plunging cock like a vice.
    He began pumping harder, knowing the horny young teenager was ready
    for everything he could throw at her.  Melissa gasped aloud with each
    powerful stroke, arching her back and thrusting her hips down to meet
    his pumping cock. She bucked and jumped wildly around on top of him,
    whimpering deep down in her throat as she worked to push Ted's
    rock-hard cock further and further inside her. Melissa felt as though
    she was loosing her mind, his huge throbbing penis was ramming so far
    up her drooling little cunthole it hurt... but it hurt so good that
    the girl only wanted to feel more and more of it.

       "Daddy...  Daddy... Daddy!", she screamed, unable to contain
    herself any longer. "Fuck me!... Ohhhh, fuck me harder, faster!
    OHHHH!  GOD! FUCK ME!!"

       Her tiny, naked titties heaved and jiggled, and her long brown
    hair swirled around her shoulders as Ted rammed his cock in and out
    of her eagerly bouncing pussy.  The rigid cock between her legs
    seemed to be getting bigger and harder with every deep penetration,
    and soon Melissa began to cry out, screaming with ecstasy at the
    excruciating pleasure caused by the battering her sex-starved little
    pussy was receiving far up between its tautly stretched lips.  Her
    cunt was on fire, and each stab of his prick sent waves of pure
    ecstasy coursing up her spine. Soon it became just too much for her.

       "Ohhhh, God!...  Oh, God!  Ohhhhhhh, Goddddddd!...  Yes!  Yessss,
    Uuuhh, uuuuh, I'm gonna come!"

       Her cunt-juice covered his balls now, and as Ted continued
    pumping, more began to flow from her cock-ravaged little cunt,
    saturating both their crotches with her warm, creamy fluids. He was
    close to orgasm too and speeded up his strokes so that they would
    come at the same time.

       "Come, baby! Come with me! I'm gonna shoot too, I can feel it!",
    grunted Ted.  Melissa suddenly felt his cock swell to unbelievable
    proportions, stretching her pussy even wider as the spunk welled up
    in his balls.

       "Oh, Daddy!  Yesss!  Come in me! Fill me with your fuckin' spunk!
    Uhh! Uggh!" Ted felt the hot little teenager stiffen and shudder,
    whimpering with pure pleasure as she climaxed. Her tiny hole gave his
    cock a mighty squeeze as her spasming cuntal muscles contracted in
    orgasm once more.

       But still Ted hadn't come. He was real close, he could feel it,
    all it needed was a few deep jabs and he'd be there.

       "Fuck, baby! Squirm your cunt on my prick! Uhhh! Mmmmm!  That's
    it! Squeeze your pussy!  Oh, christ!  Here it comes!... Uhhhhh! Fuck,
    Melissa!... FUCK!... Fuck your cunt onto my cock like crazy, honey!
    Arghhhhhh! I'm cummmmming!"

       She felt him tense up, then his prick jerked inside her. In a
    flash, there was an eruption deep in her twat that sent her young
    mind reeling.  A geyser of hot, steaming jizz splashed against her
    womb in jet after jet, making her climax immediately. All she could
    do to keep from fainting was to scream.

       "AHHHHHHHHH!  OH, MY GOD!  GGGHHHHNNNNUUUUUGGHHH!  HHHHUUUUHHHH!
    GGGGAAAHHH! OOOOOOH, DAADDDDYYYY! OHH! OHHH! OHHHHHH! FUUUUUCK!

       It seemed to Ted that his balls were being milked dry by the
    girl's tight sucking cunt as the last drop of semen dribbled from his
    tool and he went limp. Melissa had slumped forwards onto his chest,
    and the two of them just lay there panting with exhaustion for
    several minutes, trying to catch their breath. Ted's prick was still
    buried deeply in the girl's twitching cunt, he could feel the muscles
    of her satisfied little pussy massaging the throbbing shaft from base
    to tip. He reached down and cupped the cheeks of her ass. The firm
    little mounds fit perfectly into his hands, and as he began squeeze
    and fondle them, Melissa reacted by grinding her cunt down onto his
    cock, the fires of lust quickly rekindled in her adolescent loins.

       "Ohhhh, Jesus, that was even better than the first time!", she
    moaned, nuzzling his neck.  "I came so hard I almost fainted. Was it
    good for you too?"

       "You bet your cute little ass it was, honey!", replied Ted.  "I
    don't think I've got a drop of cum left in my balls. Your cunt has
    sucked them dry, baby!"

       "I hope not, Daddy!", giggled the girl, rubbing her body against
    him suggestively. "I want you to do it to me again!"

       "You horny little nympho!", laughed Ted, slapping her butt
    playfully.  "You can't get enough of Daddy's big, hard prick can you,
    darling?"

       "Nope!", said Melissa with a grin. She felt his cock twitch and
    swell within her and added, "Ooooo!... and it feels to me that you
    can't get enough of my hot little cunt either, Daddy!"

       Ted's cock, which started to deflate as soon as he climaxed, had
    surprisingly began to stiffen as she lay on top of him.  The
    excitement of fucking this gorgeous, sexy little kid was like a drug,
    and his prick reacted accordingly, springing to immediate attention
    within her enveloping cuntal sheath.

       "I guess you're right, honey!", he admitted.  "I've never felt so
    damn horny!"

       "Mmmmm!...  Lucky me!", murmured Melissa, enjoying the delicious
    feeling of his cock expanding rapidly in the hot, juicy confines of
    her cunt.  Soon it was as long and hard as it had been before,
    throbbing against the walls of her squirming twat in all it's former
    glory. Without moving his hips, Ted made it twitch and jerk inside
    her.

       "Feel that, honey?", he grinned lewdly.

       "Oooooh, yes!  Fuck!...  can I ever! It feels so much bigger than
    before!"

       "It might be, baby, but my guess is that your sweet little pussy
    has been fucked so much this afternoon, it's a bit swollen.  Either
    way, it's still a nice tight fit, and like I told you before, I just
    love tight, teenage pussies."

       "Good!  Then shut up and fuck me with it!", groaned Melissa,
    hunching her little hips shamelessly up and down on him.  She was
    eager for more of the mind-blowing pleasure that Ted's big, thick
    man-sized cock could give her.

       "Okay, Melissa, honey!...  But let's try something a little
    different.", he suggested. "Hop off, baby, and I'll show you a new
    way to fuck!" Melissa reluctantly did as she was told, more than a
    little unhappy that it meant having to pull her cunt off his
    pleasure-giving pole.

       Ted maneuvered the girl onto all fours and spread her legs,
    kneeling close up behind her, his cock throbbing rigidly between her
    open thighs. He held his huge erection in one hand and reached
    between her thighs with the other, running his fingers the entire
    length of her hot, dripping slit.

       "Uhhhhhh!  That feels so gooooood!...  Mmmmm! But your cock would
    feel much... much better, Daddy!", she husked, smiling back at him
    over her shoulder.

       It was the sexiest smile Ted had ever seen.  Her long brown hair
    was strewn over her shoulders and her pretty face was looking at him
    with that sultry, `hurry-up-and-fuck-me' look that women get when
    they can't wait a moment longer.  Her skinny thighs were wide apart,
    revealing the pink wet slit of her little cunt... swollen and
    glistening with juice...  just waiting to be fucked.  And in her
    excitement, she offered it to him shamelessly, waggling her cute
    little ass at him in wanton invitation.

       "God, but you're a hot, sexy little bitch!", said Ted, rubbing his
    fingers through the pink, glistening flesh of Melissa's hotly aroused
    young pubes.  The youngster moaned and pressed her cunt suggestively
    against his massaging hand.

       "So, I'm a bitch, huh?", she murmured. spreading her legs even
    further apart. "Then do something about it!...  Come on, Daddy!  Put
    that big, fat thing you call a cock inside my pussy and fuck me like
    a bitch then!" The look on her angelic little face was pure wanton
    lust. "Isn't that why they call this the doggie position, Daddy?",
    she added.

       Melissa's juicy, exposed pussy simply begged to be fucked, and Ted
    couldn't resist a moment longer! He grabbed her hips and pulled her
    against him.

       "Ok, baby... you asked for it!...", he grunted, "... and now
    you're gonna get it!... get ready for the fuck of your life, you
    horny little cunt!"

       Quickly fitting the head of his prick between the gaping lips of
    her pussy, Ted lunged forwards, and, with one powerful thrust, rammed
    his huge, throbbing cock inside her to the very balls.

       "UUUUUUHHHHHHH!  GAAAAAAWWWWWWDDDD!  JEEEEEEZZZZZZZZUUUUUSSS!",
    screamed Melissa as Ted's prick sliced into her tight little hole. It
    went in a lot easier this time and with the new angle, it felt to be
    in a lot deeper as well.

       "Baby! Ohhhhh, baby! That's fuckin' tight!  Ummmmm, yeah!  Squeeze
    it, Melissa!  Squeeze my cock with your hot little cunt, honey!",
    groaned Ted as he began to throw his cock to her in ernest.  Her ass
    quivered as he hunched into her, jamming his prick in as far as it
    would go, then pulling it almost all of the way out.

       "Ohhhh, Daddy-Ted! Fuck me! Screw me! Stick that prick way up into
    my belly!...  I love it!  I just love it!  Ohhhhhhhhh!
    Uhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmm! Fuck! Ohhh, fuck!"

       Her words excited him just as much as the incredible friction of
    her tight little cunt on his plunging cock. In no time at all, she
    was twisting and bucking her ass like crazy...  moaning loudly as Ted
    thrust his massive cock into her frothy young pussy like a human
    battering ram.  The pink, juicy flesh of her cunt pushed in and
    pulled out around the glistening shaft with every powerful stroke,
    clinging tightly to his pistoning cock. Ted reached forward to fondle
    Melissa's dangling tits, squeezing the small jiggling globes and
    rubbing the tiny, erect nipples.


       "Oooh, yes!  Play with my tits, Daddy! Play with my tits while you
    fuck me!"

       Melissa closed her eyes and pretended that it was her real Daddy
    fucking her so wonderfully. She imagined her father's enormous prong
    stabbing and jabbing into her aching cunt as he fucked her.  The
    added excitement of the incestuous daydream drove the hot little
    fourteen-year-old wild, and she orgasmed on the spot, moaning and
    whimpering like a wounded animal.

       "AHHHHHHH!  OHHHH, YES!  FUCK MEEEE! FUCK ME AS HARD AS YOU
    CAN!... UHHH, GOD! GIVE IT TO ME!... YES! OH, FUCK YESSS!  I'M
    CUMING!...  I'M CUMMMMING, DADDY!"

       "Ok, baby!  Do it! Come for Daddy!", grunted Ted as he fucked the
    writhing girl to orgasm. "Come on my cock!...  Squeeze your hot
    little pussy around it, honey!...  Uhhhhhnnnnn!  Jesus, what a
    cunt!... what a fuck!"

       Ted rammed his prick into the girl's pussy rapidly, making her
    squeal.  He grabbed her narrow hips and pulled her back against him
    hard, his thighs slapping noisily against her juice-smeared little
    ass with every powerful stroke.  Melissa was churning her hips
    wildly, feeling the waves of pleasure wash over her again and again
    as Ted's cock smashed into her.  He looked down between their heaving
    bodies and marvelled at the highly arousing sight. His long, thick
    shaft glistened with wetness, throbbing visibly as it slid in and out
    of Melissa's stretched little cunthole like a well-greased piston.

       "Uhhhh yes! That's it, baby! Grind those hips! Push your hot
    little snatch back onto my cock as hard as you can!... God, I don't
    think I can hold back any longer!", screamed Ted as he felt the hot
    tide of release rise in his swollen balls. He began to fuck her
    faster, ramming his cock in and out with short, hard lunges, ravaging
    her tight, slippery little cunt with relentless vigour.

       "Oooooooh, yes, Daddy!", Melissa cried.  "Go fast!  Fuck me fast!
    Unnnnnghhh!  It feels so good!... God! I can feel your cock throb...
    feel it jerk inside my cunt! Oh, ram it in deeper!  Pound my cunt
    with your cock, Daddy! Uhhhhh!" The girl was having another powerful
    orgasm, thrashing her ass like mad, fucking back onto Ted's slamming
    prick in wanton ecstasy.

       "OOOOOOH, DADDY!!  I'M CUMMING AGAIN!... OH, GOD!  OHHHH, GOD! OH,
    FUUUUCK!", she squealed, thrusting her cunt eagerly backwards. The
    friction of his cock on her tiny quivering clit sent intense tremors
    of pleasure through her young body.  Ted gripped her thrashing hips
    tightly and fucked into her cunt hard and deep, shuddering with
    ecstasy as he climaxed also.

       "OH, MELISSA, HONEY! AHHHHHHHGGGGGHHH! I'M CUMMING TOO!", shouted
    Ted, his cock jerking madly in her belly as it pumped spurt after
    spurt of hot, scalding cum way up inside her convulsing pussy.  He
    felt her cunt grip him. "TAKE IT ALL, BABY! UHHHHHHHH! JESUS! I'M
    GONNA FILL YOUR HOT LITTLE CUNT WITH MY JIZZ, HONEY...  TILL IT COMES
    OUT YOUR FUCKIN' EARS! AHHHHHHHGGGGHH!" Ted and Melissa moaned and
    quivered as one, jerking and bucking against each other like wild
    animals as the exploding pleasure of their mutual orgasm overtook
    them completely.

       It was minutes before they stopped panting and fell apart. Melissa
    just lay there, recovering from the most powerful orgasm of her young
    life.  Ted kissed her and stood up.

       "Thanks, baby!", he said, pulling his jogging pants back on.
    "We'll have to do this again sometime. Can you meet me here tomorrow
    after school sweetheart?"

       Melissa nodded her head enthusiastically. She was still on cloud
    nine. She had never felt so good, and was more than a little
    disappointed that it was all over. Robbie had never fucked her like
    that, ever!  It had felt so wonderful, the little girl couldn't wait
    to try it again... soon!

       Ted gave her a long, passionate kiss and left, jogging out of the
    clearing before she could say anything. Melissa just sat there for a
    while, staring after him, well-fucked but happy. Suddenly, she
    realized what time it was.  Shit, her mother would kill her!  In a
    flash, Melissa pulled on her clothes and headed for home, her new
    lover's spent jism still sticky between her creamy young thighs.


                              The End.
               
                                                     
                     MELISSA                              
                                                     
                                      "The Home-Cumming"  
                                                    
               
                                 (By EROS)

       When Melissa got home from her lustful encounter with Ted in the
    woods, her mother, was in a foul mood.  Helen Harvey was usually
    strict with her children and getting home late after school was
    something she didn't tolerate.

       "And just where have you been, young lady?", fumed her mother.
    "You should have been two hours ago!"

       "I had to stay in after school, Mom.", she lied, "That stupid Mr.
    Hoskins gave me detention."

       In addition to being the usual reason for being late, Melissa knew
    her mother couldn't stand the pudgy, loud-mouthed history teacher.
    This particular excuse had always worked before....

       "Oh, I see.", answered her mother. "Well, go take a shower.  Your
    father will be home soon and dinner will only be about half an hour."

    .... to Melissa's delight, her ruse had worked again.

       As she trotted off to the bathroom her sixteen-year-old brother,
    Dennis poked his tousled blonde head over the sofa from where he was
    watching TV.

       "She's been out playing around with Robbie Ward more like it.", he
    grinned evily.

       "What would you know, Dennis!", replied his sister angrily.  "At
    least I don't hang around the mall like a pervert, leering at members
    of the opposite sex all day!"

       "Maybe you should, Sis!  You might find there are better lays out
    there than that damn squirt Robbie Ward!"

       Melissa was about to lash out with another insult when Helen
    interrupted.

       "DENNIS!!...  Melissa's much too young to hear that sort of
    language. Now quit fighting you two.  Melissa, go take that
    shower...  NOW! And don't be long, your father and I have to go out
    to a P&T meeting tonight!" As melissa left the room, Dennis
    complained bitterly to his mother.

       "Mom? I hope that doesn't mean what I think it does!"

       "It sure does, young man! Now, I want you to stay home tonight
    and look after Melissa."

       "Aw, shit! I'm no babysitter, Mom!"

       "I told you to mind your mouth, Dennis! I don't want you to using
    that sort of language around Melissa, understood?"

       "Ok, Mom! Sorry."

       "Good, now go and apologize to your sister and then get washed up
    up for dinner."

       Dennis sulked off to find his sister, mumbling indignantly under
    his breath.  Imagine, sixteen years old, and having to babysit your
    own sister.  'What a drag', he thought. 'I could be out having some
    real fun... but no. I gotta mind my little sister...  and, I gotta
    apologize to her as well! Shit!' He was still fuming as he stopped
    outside his sister's bedroom. The light was on, so he tried the
    doorknob.  It was locked.  He was about to knock when he heard a
    muffled moan from within.

       "What the fuck!..." he said to himself.

       Dropping to one knee, young Dennis peered inquisitively through
    the keyhole, unable to believe his own eyes! Melissa was standing in
    front of her full length mirror, and she was stark naked!  She had
    her back to the door, but Dennis could see her front, fully
    reflected in the long mirror. He gasped aloud at the unexpected
    sight.

       He marvelled at how full and curvaceous her figure was. He had
    never seen her naked before, at least not since she was a little
    girl, and somehow he never expected her body to be so... so sexy. His
    cock began to swell in his pants as he gazed at her slim young
    figure.  His eyes travelled hungrily over her firm, round breasts and
    pert little ass, coming finally to rest on her downy cuntmound.  She
    had her legs slightly apart, and Dennis could clearly see his
    sister's little pink cuntslit, glistening wetly between her legs. His
    cock twitched to full attention as he watched what she was doing. She
    was staring at herself in the mirror, all the time running her hands
    over her naked body, rubbing her tits and squeezing her pussy,
    moaning all the while, a look of pure carnal lust on her pretty,
    young face.

       Dennis reached for his cock and grabbed the huge erection through
    his pants.  He couldn't believe his eyes!  His little
    fourteen-year-old sister was feeling herself up like one of those
    slutty porn queens he liked to fantasize about when he jacked off.
    Shit!... she looked even BETTER than some of them!  Dennis started to
    rub his stiff, aching prick as he stared at her, getting more and
    more excited by the second. But soon, his self-gratifying jerks
    became a little too vigorous, and his hand bumped noisily against the
    door. Melissa spun around, reaching quickly for a robe.  Hurriedly
    putting it on, she headed for the door.

       "Who is it?", asked Melissa suspiciously.

       Dennis stood up, his heart beating wildly.  To his relief, his
    swollen cock began to quickly deflate, but unfortunately not quite
    before Melissa opened the door.

       "Oh, it's you, Dennis", she said with a look of disgust on her
    face.  "What do you want?"

       "I...  er...  um...  I wanted to apologized for what I said to you
    before.", he stammered, trying to cover his still-swollen cock.

       "Really?", scowled Melissa.

       Dennis looked nervously up and down the hallway. His sister's
    room was the safest place for him at the moment, he couldn't go back
    through the livingroom with a horn like this.

       "Can I come in and talk to you for a minute, Sis?", he suggested.
    Melissa noticed the strange placement of his hands, and a faint smile
    creased her mouth as she realized that her brother was trying to hide
    an enormous hardon.

       "Ok! But make it snappy! I've gotta finish getting dressed.", she
    said, pretending to be mad at him. She let her brother in and closed
    the door, locking it behind her.

       "What'd you do that for?", asked Dennis.

       "Oh, just habit I guess.", she said, bending over to pick up her
    discarded panties. "Besides, I'm sure you don't want anybody to see
    you kiss my butt."

       "HUH???", gulped Dennis. His eyes dropped automatically to the
    cheeks of his little sister's ass, outlined provocatively under the
    thin fabric of her robe.

       "Well, you said you wanted to apologize to me, didn't you?", she
    asked, straightening up. As she did so, the loose sash around her
    waist came undone, allowing the robe to fall open, and to Dennis'
    complete surprise, Melissa made no move to cover herself up.

       "Uh, yeah...  yeah!", he muttered. "I do!...  um...  I do want to
    apologize." Dennis couldn't help staring wide-eyed at her gorgeous
    young tits and cunt.  He gulped audibly.  His cute little sister was
    standing there in front of him, almost naked!  Any other time she
    would have screamed `blue murder' if he so much as even glimpsed her
    in bra and panties... tonight she wasn't even batting an eyelid!

       Melissa saw her brother's eyes drift down to the moist, pink slit
    between her legs, and an illicit thrill ran up her spine. She put her
    hands on her hips and spread her legs, knowing it would part the robe
    even more. She felt a deliciously wicked feeling of power over her
    normally-'cool' older brother. Dennis could see everything she had to
    offer, and to her total delight, her big handsome brother was
    devouring her naked body with his eyes.

       "Well?  Are you gonna look at my pussy all night or what?", asked
    Melissa.

       Her brother's hot gaze travelled up and down her exposed body
    from tits to cunt and back again, his mouth hanging open in utter
    amazement. Christ, she looked fuckin' good!

       "Shit, Dennis, if you don't apologize soon, I'm gonna yell for
    Mom!"

       "Jesus!  Come on, Sis.", whined Dennis, a little frightened at the
    prospect of being caught in his sister's bedroom with a hardon.  "I
    just wanted to say I was a real dickhead out there before, and that
    I'm sorry, ok?"

       Melissa looked down at the bulge in his pants and smiled.  She
    leaned towards him and whispered, "Looks like you've got one of those
    in your pants."

       "What?!?"

       "A dickhead, silly!", breathed Melissa, "...and a big one at that.
    Can I feel it, Dennis?" She reached for his crotch, but Dennis' first
    reaction was to back away.. he was too surprised to think clearly.

       "What's wrong, big brother? Don't you let those prick-teasers you
    guys pick up down at the mall feel your cock?"

       Dennis was stunned, after what he'd just seen, and the way his
    little sister was acting, he didn't know whether to stay or run.

       "Or maybe my big, handsome brother is homosexual!", teased
    Melissa. "Is that it?... Are you gay, Dennis?"

       That was it! Sister or no sister, Dennis wasn't letting that sort
    of accusation pass unchallenged. Roughly, he grabbed Melissa's tiny
    hand and pushed it against his growing hardon.

       "Does that feel like I'm gay.. little miss know-it all?", he
    growled. Melissa grinned up at him with a look of devilish
    satisfaction on her face.

       "Mmmmmmm, no, it sure doesn't!", she gasped, wrapping her fingers
    possessively around her brother's swollen cock through the front of
    his shorts. "I... I guess I was wrong!"

       "You bet you were!", said Dennis cupping her firm little breasts.
    "and I want you to understand one thing.  You've got some growing up
    to do if you're gonna mess around with older guys!"

       Melissa looked up at her big, handsome brother with the sexiest
    little-girl look she could muster.

       "Ohhh, Denny! You know so much about sex... Teach me.. Please!"
    she breathed, squeezing gently on his cock.

       Dennis stared down into his sister's deep brown eyes, and found he
    couldn't resist her. Not that he really wanted to. She wasn't just
    his little sister anymore, she was a sexy, available piece of ass...
    and she was begging him for it!

       Dennis still didn't know if she was leading him on.  He hadn't yet
    decided if it would be safe to see just how she would let him go.
    His cock leaped at the thought of actually balling his cute little
    baby sister, but the fear of being caught still stopped him. It was
    a hard decision, but when the pretty little fourteen-year-old began
    to rub her cuntmound against his cock, Dennis made made up his mind
    real quick.

       "Ok, kid!", he said, growing bolder by the second.  "Lesson number
    one!" He pulled her naked body against him, letting his hands roam
    freely under her wide-open robe, squeezing her pert young tits and
    rubbing her hard, rubbery little nipples until they sprang to full
    attention.  "Reach in and take out my cock, baby!", he whispered as
    his hands slid down to fondle the tiny round cheeks of her ass.

       Melissa undid the zip on his pants and pulled out his straining
    prick.  It was enormous! She had no idea her brother's cock would be
    so long and thick.

       "God, Dennis!...  It's huge!", she gasped in awe. Just the sight
    of it set her wet cuntal slit quivering with uncontrollable desire.

       "I knew you'd like it, Sis!", said her brother proudly.  "All the
    girls do!"

       "Jesus! I can see why!", exclaimed Melissa, feeling all melty
    inside.

       "Ohhhh, Dennis!  It's almost as big as Da..." Luckily, Melissa
    stopped herself before she let the cat out of the bag completely.  It
    wasn't time to let Dennis in on that side of her sexual experiences
    just yet.

       "Huh?"

       "Oh...  nothing.  It's just so damn big I can't believe it! How
    long is it, hard?"

       "Nine inches, Sis!", boasted Dennis.  "Nine, long mother-fuckin'
    inches!"

       "Oh, God!  Dennis!" Her heart began to race at the very thought of
    his huge cock stretching her tiny pussy. The fact that he was her big
    brother made it all the better...  more forbidden ... more
    exciting... not to mention incestuous. She was so hot, she wanted
    him now... she wanted her strong, handsome brother to throw her on
    the bed, spread her legs, and drive his big, throbbing, nine-inch
    cock deep into her aching little cunt.

       Just as she was about to open her mouth and beg him to do
    something... anything, Dennis pulled off her robe and sat her down on
    the edge of the bed facing him. He pushed her thighs apart with his
    knees and stood between them, his hard prick quivering only inches
    from his sister's softly parted lips. Dennis looked down at her with
    an anxious look on his handsome young face.

       "We haven't got much time, Mel, so how 'bout you give me a quick
    blow job?"

       "Mmmmm! Yeah, okay!", she said off-handedly.  Inside Melissa was
    seething with suppressed desire.

       His hands were already at the back of her head, pulling her mouth
    urgently towards his raging hardon, and with a small moan, Melissa
    bent forwards.  She grabbed her brother's cock and unceremoniously
    stuffed the giant-sized pecker eagerly into her warm, wet mouth.
    Dennis let out a loud groan of pleasure as her hot lips engulfed the
    full length of his prick.  He couldn't still believe it!  He was
    standing in his sister's bedroom with his dick in her mouth, and the
    cock-hungry little cunt was eating him like a pro!

       Melissa's small cheeks hollowed and swelled as she sucked
    voraciously.  Her nostrils flared as she breathed deeply, taking in
    the pungent male scent of her brother's crotch.  She loved the smell
    of cock...  it drove her wild! As for her brother... she was driving
    him wild too.

       "Ohhh, Sis! Jesus, that's nice!", he moaned, squeezing her tits.
    "Suck it hard, baby sister!  Suck your big brother's fat, hairy
    prick!... Uhh! God, what a great little cocksucker!... Honey, you're
    a fuckin' natural!" Melissa could only mumble and unintelligible
    reply as her pretty little mouth bobbed back and forth on her
    brother's rampant cock.

       "Mmmmmmmm! Ummmmmmmmm! Mmmmfffffffhhh!"

       "Don't try to speak.", grunted Dennis. "Just concentrate on
    sucking my balls out through the end of my dick, baby!"

       Melissa dropped a hand to her flooded cunt, it was getting much
    too hot to ignore. She pressed two tiny fingers between the juicy,
    pink lips and began to stab them quickly in and out of her seething
    little hole, moaning all the while. Dennis became even more excited
    when he saw what his little sister was doing.

       "Ohhh, yes! Do it, Sis! Play with yourself while you suck me
    off!", he panted, watching her glistening fingers slide deeply in
    and out of the juicy pink slit.  "What a turn-on!  Jesus, Melissa!
    I can't wait to fuck you, Sis!"

       'Neither can I!', thought Melissa, grinding her little ass around
    on the bed, in pure adolescent lust.

       Her mouth was so tight around his cock that Dennis had trouble
    holding his orgasm back. He could feel the familiar tremors already
    in his balls and he knew he wouldn't last much longer. He tried to
    think of other things, but it was impossible. He couldn't take his
    eyes off his little sister's angelic face, swollen out of shape
    around his huge prick.

       "Suck it hard, Sis!", panted Dennis, driving his cock into her
    narrow young throat.  "I'm almost there!... Oh, Fuck! I'm almost
    there, baby!"

       Melissa did exactly as her brother told her and plunged her mouth
    hungrily over his cock.  When she reached up and squeezed his
    dangling balls, Dennis shuddered and grabbed her head in both hands,
    ramming into her mouth with long deep strokes, fucking her pretty
    little cock-sucking face for all he was worth. Then, just as she felt
    her brother's cock jerk wildly in her throat, Melissa heard her
    mother's voice calling from the kitchen.

       "DENNIS! MELISSA! Don't be long! Dinner's almost ready, you two!"

       Neither of the two incestuous siblings hesitated in what they were
    doing for an instant, they were both too far gone towards orgasm.
    Dennis called back so that their mother wouldn't come looking for
    them. He hoped his voice sounded normal.

       "Arhh, okay, Mom!...  Just coming!", he shouted, as his cock began
    to spurt.  "Just cummmmmming!" ...and indeed he was coming, right
    into his little sister's sweet, sucking mouth. He smiled at the
    humour of the situation, but only briefly as wave after wave of
    pleasure shuddered through his loins, the contractions of his cock
    emptying his swollen balls into the young girl's vacuuming mouth.

       Melissa swallowed it all, gulping down her brother's hot, thick
    cream like a greedy baby sucking a bottle, groaning and gurgling
    around his twitching cock as her own climax overtook her.  She fell
    backwards onto the bed, her thighs spread wide apart, her eyes closed
    in post-orgasmic bliss. Dennis watched as his cock left her mouth
    with a slurping sound and sprang back upwards, hitting his belly.
    Although it had lost some of it's rigidity due to his orgasm, it was
    quite still hard...  and the more he looked at his sister's lewdly
    displayed twat, the harder it got!

       Her narrow, pink cuntslit was so wet and juicy looking inside, and
    as Dennis watched, droplets of clear sticky juice began to ooze
    slowly from the bottom. Her little cuntlips gaped sweetly open...
    not much... just enough to reveal the dark, inviting little entrance
    of her cunthole. It was too much for him, and with a moan, he lay
    down on top of her, covering his sister's tiny frame with his large,
    muscular body. His cock pressed conveniently against her cuntmound,
    slithering over her leaking slit as he hunched his crotch against
    hers.  As much as she wanted her brother to fuck her right then and
    there, Melissa knew that if they didn't stop now, they'd be caught
    for sure.

       "Dennis!  Get up! Mom's gonna come in here if we don't get out
    there soon!", she whispered.

       "Fuck, Mom!", growled Dennis, grinding his prick against her clit.

       "Mmmmmm!  No, fuck me, Dennis!", replied his sister, returning the
    delicious pressure of his hard cock.  "But let's do it later,
    okay?... or we're gonna get caught!  We've got all night to
    ourselves, remember!"

       "You're right, Sis!", said her brother reluctantly standing up.
    He looked like he was weighing something up in his mind.

       "It is an interesting thought though.", he mused.

       "What is?"

       "Fucking Mom."

       "What?!", said Melissa, unable to believe her ears.

       "Fucking Mom!", he repeated.  "I mean, shit!...  she's pretty...
    she's got a great lookin' body and from the sounds she and Dad make
    in bed sometimes, I bet she's a hot little fuck too?"

       Melissa's mouth dropped open.  She was stunned, but she couldn't
    prevent her mind's eye from picturing Dennis stark naked, between
    their mother's wide-open thighs, slamming his young prick deep into
    her hairy, upthrust cunt as they fucked like animals in heat.

       "That's sick, Dennis!", she spat. "You can't have sex with your
    own mother!"

       "Why not", he smiled, pulling her up off the bed. "If I can have
    sex with my cute little baby sister, why can't I have sex with my
    mother.... huh?"

       Dennis grabbed her by the back of the neck and kissed her deeply.
    He was a good four or five inches taller than her, and Melissa had to
    stand on tiptoes as she returned her brother's hot, incestuous kiss
    with equal passion.

       "Later, babe!", he smiled. Stuffing his sticky limp cock back into
    his pants, Dennis turned and left the room, leaving Melissa to ponder
    over what he had said.

       All through dinner, Dennis kept glancing at his mother. He had
    never noticed how beautiful she was until now.  He looked over at
    his sister and saw her smile at him, a sexy little smile that was
    full of promise. He smiled back and gave her a knowing wink, but his
    gaze soon returned to his mother. At fourty-three, Helen Harvey
    looked at least ten years younger.  She was slim, athletic and very
    pretty, and when she wore her long blonde hair in a ponytail, like
    she was tonight, she looked even younger and prettier.  Dennis tried
    to join in the light, mealtime conversation, but found his mind kept
    roaming elsewhere...  to his mother's gorgeous body!  He hoped nobody
    noticed him staring at her tits. They were big and firm looking, and
    seemed to strain against the front of her light, cotton blouse much
    harder than Dennis could remember.

       It was also clear that his mother wasn't wearing any bra, since he
    could clearly see the indentations of her nipples pressing
    provocatively against the thin fabric. It wasn't strange for Helen
    not to wear a bra... it was just that before tonight, her son hadn't
    had a reason to take any notice. Now, young Dennis couldn't help but
    notice! She was also wearing a pair of tight, white shorts, cut high
    on her thigh, and when she got up to get dessert, Dennis' eyes
    followed his mother's every move. He nearly dropped his fork when she
    bent over to pick up a fallen napkin. For one glorious second, Dennis
    could see right up between his mother's firm, creamy thighs, and his
    heart skipped a beat when he noticed a wisp of cunthair peeking
    cheekily out from under the hem of her shorts.  'Christ! She's not
    wearing any fuckin' panties either!", he thought with a sudden surge
    of pleasure. Melissa saw her brother's look of lust and gave him a
    kick under the table. Dennis scowled at her and returned to picking
    at his meal.

       "What's wrong, Dennis? Aren't you hungry tonight, honey?", asked
    his mother.

       "Uh... not really, mom!", mumbled Dennis, looking down at his
    plate. He was certain that if he looked up at his mother, he
    wouldn't be able to stop from staring at parts of her body that
    weren't proper for a son to be staring at.

       "Ok!  Maybe you'll feel like a little snack later then.", said
    Helen taking his plate away.

       "How's work, Daddy?", Melissa asked her father, trying to change
    the subject.

       "Good, sweetheart!  Real good!", smiled her father.  Don Harvey
    was fourty-four, handsome, athletic and a successful executive for a
    local computer company...  and the one thing he loved to talk about
    was his job. As she listened to her father tell her about his day,
    Melissa stole jealous glances at her brother, who was still eyeing
    off his mother's trim young body every chance he got.

       After dinner, Helen and Don left for the P&T meeting with the
    usual strict instructions.

       "Okay, we'll be back about eleven, kids," said Helen. "Don't stay
    up too late...  and Dennis, take care of your sister! No fighting you
    tow, okay?""

       "Okay, Mom!" they chorused.

       "...  and Dennis, " grinned his father as they went out the front
    door, "I know how many beers are in the fridge, okay son?"

       "Yes, Dad..."

       As soon as the door closed behind them, Dennis turned to Melissa.

       "Well, little sister!  Mom says I've gotta take care of you
    tonight. How do you feel about that?", he asked.

       "Ohhhh, Denny!  I'm so randy!  The sooner you take care of me the
    better!...  I can't wait!", Melissa replied, throwing her arms around
    her brother's strong shoulders. She looked up at him with a look of
    desperate need on her pretty, young face and pressed her crotch
    against the bulge in his pants. "Are you gonna fuck me now?", she
    whispered, shamelessly rubbing her cuntmound against his rising
    cock.  Dennis dropped his hands to her thighs and slid them up under
    her nightdress, cupping the twin cheeks of her shapely little butt.

       She wanted it bad, and Dennis was sorely tempted. He had the
    sudden urge to rip off his sister's clothes, spread her out right
    here on the living-room floor, and fuck her 'till she passed out....
    but he resisted the temptation. Dennis didn't want to rush things.
    He wanted their first sexual encounter together to last...  he wanted
    his sexy little sister to remember it for the rest of her life, and
    above all, he wanted her to come back for more... much, much more.

       "Don't be too impatient, Sis!", he said.  "We've got all night,
    remember!" He lifted her face to his and kissed her parted lips
    tenderly.  "We've got all night to touch... and rub... and lick...
    and suck... or anything else we want to do to each other."

       "I just want you to fuck me, Dennis!", murmured his sister.  "Ever
    since I sucked you off in my room, I haven't been able to think of
    anything else!"

       "I will fuck you, Sis!... I promise!", he said. "But let's have a
    little fun first." Dennis suddenly pulled his sister by the hand.
    "Come on!... There's something I've always wanted to try!"

       "What?"

       "Mom and Dad's waterbed!", said Dennis with a devilish grin.
    "It's got satin sheets... I bet Robbie never fucked you on a
    waterbed!"

       "Oh, yeah!  Can we, Denny?", squealed his sister with glee. "What
    a turn on!"

       Hand in hand they ran to the master bedroom, but as they opened
    the door, their eyes opened wide at the magnificent sight that
    greeted them.

       "God, it's huge!", said Melissa flopping into the center of the
    impressive, king size waterbed.

       "Not yet it isn't!", laughed Dennis reaching into his pants.
    Melissa rolled over onto her back and gasped at the sight of her
    brother's half-hard penis as he pulled it out.

       "I didn't mean your prick, stupid! I meant the bed.", she giggled.
    Her voice sounded playful, but her hot young eyes were on his exposed
    cock. Dennis looked down at her and licked his lips.

       "God, you've got a hot little body, Sis!", he murmured.  "Pull up
    your nightie and let me look at you." Melissa moved quickly to obey,
    her eyes still glued to his man-sized cock. She reached down and
    pulled up the hem of her nightgown until it was around her slender
    waist, exposing her plump, panty-covered crotch to her brother's
    lustful gaze.

       "You should see the look on your face, Dennis.", giggled Melissa.

       "Yeah? What's it like?", asked her brother curiously.

       "You keep licking your lips and looking at my pussy. Are you
    hungry or something, big brother?". Dennis could see from the smile
    on her face, that his sister was getting excited just talking to him
    like this. He decided to play along.

       "Oh, I'm hungry alright, Sis!... Hungry for your hot, wet, tasty
    little cunt!"

       "Ooooh, Denny! What are you talking about?", cried the girl in
    mock horror.  She was becoming more and more aroused by their lewd
    conversation.  "You don't mean you'd like to eat my poor tender
    little pussy, do you?"

       "I sure do, little girl!", growled her brother, becoming equally
    excited.

       "Oooooooh, that's dirty!"

       "I hope not, honey," breathed Dennis. "'Cause I'm gonna suck that
    hot, juicy, little slit of yours until you cum all over the place and
    then I'm gonna lick up every fuckin' drop of it!"

       "Ohh, Denny!  God, yes! I want you to! I want you to suck my cunt.
    I'll cream all over your face, I promise!  You can suck my asshole
    too...  or fuck me there if you want! ... and fuck my cunt!  Don't
    forget my tight little cunt! Uhhhhh, Do it all to me, Denny...  I
    want to be so dirty with you!"

       Dennis couldn't believe the wanton filth gushing from his
    fourteen-year-old sister's mouth. He could hardly believe his ears.
    To look at her, you would never, in a million years, believed that
    the cute little kid had even heard of such lewd language. She was
    like a little doll he thought...  a fragile china doll lying there
    in the center of that enormous bed, but the tight, pink panties
    outlined a cunt that was ample, and obviously already wet from the
    exquisite anticipation of getting fucked.  Melissa parted her little
    legs provocatively, hoping her brother would touch her aching pussy
    and relieve some of the mounting sexual tension she felt there.

       The movement on the waterbed made Melissa's little tits quiver
    enticingly under her thin nightdress.  Through the thin material
    Dennis could see the dark circles of her aureolas and the tiny,
    erect buds of her nipples. Her budding breasts looked like ripe,
    pink peaches, ready to be plucked.  Dennis stripped off his shorts
    and shirt, and stood naked before her, holding his rapidly stiffening
    prick in both hands.

       "Jesus, Denny!", breathed Melissa, her little eyes expanding into
    wide brown pools of adolescent desire as she took in her brother's
    naked, muscular body. Her eyes bulged even more now that she could
    see the full size of is erect penis. "You really are my BIG brother!
    Jesus, how do you fit that thing into your pants?"

       "I strap it to my leg with sticking plaster!", he said jokingly.
    Watching the look on his sister's angelic little face, Dennis skinned
    back his foreskin, grinning at her lewdly as the big bulging head
    came into view. "Well, Sis? What do you think?"

       "Jesus!... I think you should fuck me with it, right now.  That's
    what I think!", gasped Melissa, rubbing her moisture-filled slit.

       "Impatient little cunt, aren't you, Sis?" Melissa watched with
    fascination as Dennis began to move his fist up and down on his long,
    throbbing shaft, pulling and pushing the loose foreskin back and
    forth over the enormously fat cockhead. She had never seen a boy
    masturbate, not even Robbie, and it held a strange attraction for
    her. Dennis saw the look in her eyes.

       "You like to look at me jerk off, don't you, Mel?", he asked.

       "Yeah!  It's making me hot!", she answered, sliding one of her
    hands under the elastic of her panties.

       "Why don't you get naked too, Sis. I want to watch you play with
    your cunt!" Melissa sat up and quickly pulled her nightgown over her
    head. Dennis sucked in his breath loudly as his sister's fantastic
    little tits sprang free.

       "Nice tits, Sis!", he murmured. "Real fuckin' nice!"

       Next, Melissa put her thumbs under the elastic band and peeled her
    panties down over her creamy, young thighs, lifting her hips up off
    the bed to get them out from under her cute little butt. Dennis
    licked his lips as his sister shamelessly exposed her sweet, hairless
    young twat to him.

       "Oh, baby!", he sighed.  "Now that's what I call a real pretty
    sight!" Melissa was anxious to begin, the sight of her big brother's
    erect cock only feet away was driving her crazy!

       "Fuck me, Dennis", she hissed, spreading her legs. "Put your cock
    in my pussy and fuck me with it!..  I've waited all night for
    this!... I'm so hot!"

       Her brother smiled. She was hot alright, and so was he, but Dennis
    knew from sad experience that if he fucked her now, that tight little
    cunt of hers would have him coming in no time flat, and that would
    be a disaster. He needed to come once just to take the edge off,
    while still keeping her as hot as she was right now.

       "Let's take it slow, Sis. We've got plenty of time, so let's make
    the most of it", he suggested. "Why don't we start by watching each
    other jerk off!"

       "No!  I want you to fuck me!", pouted Melissa.  The look of
    disappointment on her baby-doll features reminded him of the time he
    had stolen her icecream cone when they were little kids.

       "You'll love it, Mel!", said Dennis enthusiastically.  "You bring
    yourself off and I'll beat my meat.  That way we can watch each other
    doin' it! It'll be fuckin' outta sight!" It wasn't really what the
    little brunette wanted, but it was better than nothing. Besides, she
    had to admit that it WOULD be turn-on having her own brother jerking
    off as he watched her masturbate. The more she thought about it the
    more she liked the idea.  It was the lewdness of her brother's
    suggestion that began began to excite her.  "C'mon, Sis, It's
    kicks... you'll see!"

       She looked up into his pleading face and then down at the way he
    was rubbing his big, beautiful erection and readily agreed.

       "All right," she gasped. "But you've gotta promise to fuck me
    soon, okay?"

       "You bet!", answered her brother. "... and believe me, we're gonna
    do more than fuck tonight, babe!"

       "What do you want me to do, Dennis?", Melissa asked, looking up at
    him.  It sent shivers of lust through the boy's cock as his sister
    stared at him with those little-girl eyes of hers.  'God, she was
    cute!', he thought, `... and so fuckin' hot! Who would have thought?
    His own sister, a horny, little nympho!... Fuck! It was too good to
    believe!... This was gonna be a night to remember!'

       "Spread your legs so I can see your cunt, and then play with your
    tits," he said, pumping his cock frantically up and down.

       Melissa spread her legs wide apart. The lips of her cunt opened
    wide and she watched her brother's reaction with growing excitement.
    His mouth opened slightly and his tongue flicked across his lips. She
    cupped her firm, round tits and squeezed them into conical peaks.
    She rolled them around and around on her chest, rubbing her thumbs
    across the nipples, tickling them with her nails until they were hard
    and erect.  Her brother kept running his hand up and down his
    rock-hard prick as his eyes darted from the magnificent shape of her
    tits to the pink, juicy gash of her tightly-stretched little pussy.

       "Squeeze 'em, Mel! Squeeze those tits for me!", Dennis said.
    "God, I can't wait to suck on one of those!... Would you like me to
    suck your tits, babe?"

       "Yessss," she whispered, fascinated by the way he was stroking his
    cock.  "Yes, I want you to suck them... and lick them... and chew on
    my nipples!"

       "I will, baby!...", groaned Dennis as he watched her little ass
    writhe around on the satin sheets. "Spread your legs wider so I can
    see more of your pussy!"

       His sister pulled her knees up and spread them wide, until her
    hairless, little mound poked up into the air like jelly on a plate.
    Dennis gasped with delight as her tight, elastic outer lips parted,
    to reveal the cutest, pinkest, juiciest little cuntslit the boy had
    ever seen. Melissa watched with pleasure as her brother's eyes almost
    bulged out of his head.  She framed her pussy with her fingers,
    pulling the partially opened lips of her little cunt wide open. She
    was writhing and moaning with urgent need.

       "Ooooooooh!  Dennis!  I can't stand it any more! Touch me!  Feel
    my pussy !"

       Dennis immediately dropped a hand to his sister's naked pubes,
    feeling her warm, slender thighs widen eagerly to the pressure of his
    exploring fingers.

       "Oh yes! God, yes, Dennis!  Inside!  Stick a finger inside my
    cunt! Feel how how hot and wet I am!", moaned Melissa as she felt
    his urgent fingers stroking the moist, pouting lips of her tender
    young pussy.

       Her brother's forbidden intimate touch electrified her, and she
    was having a similar effect on him. Shaking with excitement, Dennis
    slid his middle finger into Melissa's leaking twat. It was hot
    alright... real hot... and juicy too. Her young cunt-muscles gripped
    his finger so tightly, Dennis wondered how on earth his big cock was
    going to fit into her small hole. There was plenty of oily
    lubrication there, but it still felt so goddamned tiny!

       "God, your little cunt is tight, Sis! You aren't still cherry, are
    you?"

       "No, I...  Ummmmm!  I lost that months ago!", she said, hunching
    eagerly up against her brother's drilling finger.

       "Who to?... that little pencil-dick Robbie Ward I suppose."

       "Ye..  uhhhhh!  That's nice! Um....yes, It was, I'm sorry to
    say.", she said.

       "Shit!  You should have come to me, Sis! If I'd known how hot you
    were for it, I'd have tried it on with you sooner!"

       "I wish you had, Dennis!", sighed his sister. "Just think...  I
    could have had all the cock I wanted right here at home... any time I
    wanted!"

       "And I could have had all the tight, young cunt I wanted without
    spending all day and night chasing it down at the Mall", replied
    Dennis.

    Melissa looked up at her big brother with a look of utter fuck-lust
    on her pretty young face.

       "Ummmmmmm! How about we make up for lost time then?", she smiled,
    "...  and don't hold back, I can take anything you can give me, lover
    boy!"

       "Lover boy, huh?", said her brother, with a devilish grin.  "I'll
    give you fucking 'lover boy'!"

       Dennis spread his little sister's long, slender legs even wider
    and trust a second finger into her gaping young pussy, stabbing hard.

       "Oh, my God, Denny! That's it, yes!  Oh, Christ, yessssssssssss!"

       "You like that, don't you, you hot, sexy little fuck?", hissed
    Dennis.  "You like my fingers rammed up your juicy fuckin' snatch,
    don't you, Sis?"

       Melissa bit her bottom lip and nodded, moaning softly.

       "I bet you do!", grunted Dennis, finger-fucking his little
    sister's cunt deeply. "But wait till you feel my cock in there,
    honey.", he boasted. "It'll really blow your mind!"

       Dennis moved his fingers 'round and 'round her squishy little slit
    in a circle, and then inserted another, ramming all three into her
    bubbling cunthole as deeply as possible, watching his sister squirm
    with delight.

       "Tell me how much you like it, Sis!", he grunted. "I want to hear
    you beg for it, and while you're at it, grab hold of my dick and keep
    it hard!" Melissa's naked little ass squirmed uncontrollably on the
    satin sheets.

       "Oooooooh!  Fuck! I love it, Dennis! I love your fingers in my
    cunt! Ooooh!  God! Fuck me with your fingers for a while. Get me
    ready for your cock!"

       Melissa wrapped her tiny fingers around her brother's throbbing
    prick and began to rub her fist up and down the long, hard shaft, at
    the same time bucking her pussy up at his stiffly stabbing fingers.

       "That's it, Sis! Squeeze my fuckin' cock! Jerk me off! Christ,
    for a little girl, you sure know now to treat a guy's prick!"

       "Ohhhh, Denny!  It's getting so big! I can't wait to feel it up my
    cunt!", whimpered his sister.

       "Me either, Mel!... Me either!"

       Dennis' fingers rammed repeatedly in and out of his sister's
    upthrust sex, fucking her slippery little cunt like a three-pronged
    cock.  He kissed her lips, her neck and then her heaving tits,
    sucking the youngster's hard stiff nipples eagerly into his mouth.
    He moved lower, licking hungrily, covering the creamy flatness of
    his sister's belly with a film of glistening saliva.  Melissa
    shivered with excitement as she felt her brother's mouth burning a
    hot, delicious trail towards her itching cunt. And by the time his
    mouth reached the top of her slit, she was going crazy!

       "Oh, yes, Denny!...  Lower!  Lower!...  Oh, fuck!...  Kiss my
    pussy! Please?..." Pulling his fingers from her twat, Dennis flashed
    his horny little sister a lewd, devilish smile.

       "Okay, Sis!", he said grabbing hold of her tiny ankles.  "Spread
    your legs real wide and let big brother eat out your sweet, juicy
    little twat!"

       Without waiting for a reply, Dennis bent his head to her tiny,
    virtually hairless mound and darted his tongue between the parted
    lips of his sister's tight little cunny, lapping eagerly up and down
    the narrow, dribbling cuntslit.

       "Ohhhh, yes, oh yes, Denny!  I love it, I love it like that!",
    squealed Melissa, tossing her pretty young head from side to side.
    She couldn't believe it!  It was so exciting! Her own brother was
    licking her cunt... and doing a damn fine job too! `God, what a hot
    tongue he has..' she thought.

       Melissa felt so wonderfully, excitedly depraved! She wanted her
    handsome big brother to do and say the most disgusting things to
    her. She watched his tongue slide in and out of her hot, slimy
    little cunt with wide, wild eyes.

    "Oooooh, Jesus, that looks so dirty!", she squealed, stroking her
    fingers through his ruffled blonde hair. "What does it taste like,
    Denny?... Does it taste nice?"

       Dennis lifted his head for a moment and grinned lewdly at her.

       "It taste's like cunt, Mel!", he chuckled. "Hot, creamy,
    sister-cunt!"

       "Ooooooh, Denny! Your mouth feels so good on my pussy!", moaned
    Melissa, "I get the feeling you've done this before, big brother...
    more than once!"

       "Oh yeah! God, I love eating pussy, Mel!", admitted Dennis, making
    a show of licking her wetness from his lips. "Mmmmmmmmm! ...and
    your's is sweet, so fuckin' sweet... and juicy! I could eat your hot
    little cunt all night, Sis!"

       "Mmmmmmmm! Oh, God, I sure hope so!", moaned his sister. She
    looked at his handsome face , framed between her open thighs and her
    pussy tingled with anticipation. "Dennis... those girls you pick up
    down at the mall... do you suck their cunts too?"

       "Sure! Some of 'em are really hot for it!", he grinned, knowing he
    was turning his little sister on just by talking about his sex-life.
    "They know I love pussy-munching, Sis... and usually most of 'em
    can't wait for me to pull off their panties and bury my tongue in
    their hot, wet little cunts!"

       As she listened to her brother's lurid confession, Melissa
    trembled with incestuous lust, her excited little cunt exuding even
    more fragrant, sticky juice for him to lick up. She still held her
    brother's hard prick firmly in her hand, and before long, just the
    feel of it throbbing hotly under her fingers made the little
    teenager's mouth water. On a sudden impulse, Melissa pulled her
    brother up beside her and wrapped her tiny fingers around his hard
    dick

       "I'm hot for it too, Dennis!" she gasped, pulling him onto the bed
    beside her. Dennis was more than a little bemused by his sister's
    actions.

       "Hey, what's goin' on? I thought you wanted me to suck you off,
    Sis?"

       "I do, big brother." she replied with a wanton look on her angelic
    little face. "But I want to suck your fat, juicy prick while you lick
    my cunt, okay?"

       "Mmmmm, you bet! ", grinned Dennis. "Christ, who would have
    thought that my little baby sister was into this sort of heavy shit!
    You're really something else, Mel!"

       Eager for some more mouth action from his little sister, Dennis
    scrambled quickly into the bed middle of the bed and lay on his back.
    His virile young cock stood straight up, thick and bulging with blue
    veins.  When Melissa saw it like that, she had to fight a powerful
    urge to jump in top of him and bury that gorgeous, pulsating hunk of
    meat deep inside her hot, itching cunt. But she resisted the
    temptation. Right now, more than anything she wanted to suck her
    brother's beautiful big cock while he returned the favour by licking
    her juice-filled twat... and was he ever going to get a mouthful! Her
    hot, little gash was creaming like mad just thinking about it!

       Melissa turned around and climbed over her brother on hands and
    knees, straddling the boy's head with her legs. Then, spreading her
    knees wide apart, the horny youngster hunched her crotch towards his
    upturned face, dropping her hot little ass lower and lower until the
    drooling, pink gash of her cunt squished wetly against her brother's
    searching mouth. Dennis moaned, sliding his arms about his sister's
    hips and cupped her little-girl ass, pulling her pussylips wide apart
    as his mouth pressed into her slit. Melissa's head flew back and a
    wanton cry escaped her full, red lips as she felt her brother's hard,
    pointed tongue slither into her oversexed little cunt once more. His
    vacuuming mouth made loud slurping noises as he sucked the seething
    juices from her hot, quivering hole. Melissa reached out and dragged
    her brother's erect cock to her lips. She could just reach it, and
    found she had to strain to get it into her mouth, but eventually she
    succeeded, and Dennis's young hips lunged automatically upwards as he
    felt the warmth of her hot little mouth surround the bloated head of
    his dick.

       At the same time, Dennis jammed his whole face up between her
    thighs, wallowing in his sister's tasty, juice-filled cuntslit. When
    he began to suck her clit into his mouth, Melissa took her mouth off
    his cock and let out an excited yell.

       "Oooooooohhhhhh! That's fantastic, Dennis! Suck harder! Oooo, Suck
    my clit!" Dennis gave the hard little bud a few more sucks and then
    took his mouth off her juicy cunt just long enough to chastise his
    little sister for taking her mouth off his cock.

       "Jesus, Sis! Get your mouth back on my prick or I won't suck you
    at all!" Melissa replied by swallowing her brother's glistening cock
    to the very base, she wanted to please him, and the last thing she
    wanted right now was for him to stop sucking her... it felt
    absolutely wonderful!

       She needn't have worried, since Dennis had no intention of
    stopping. His sister's tender young pussy was the best he had ever
    tasted. She may be only thirteen, but her gorgeous little cunt
    displayed all the promise of mature young womanhood as it became
    increasingly flushed with heated arousal and wet with lustful,
    adolescent passions. Melissa moaned incessantly as she felt her
    brother's artful tongue lashing her feverish cuntflesh. It seemed to
    possess a life of it's own as it sliced repeatedly back and forth
    between her tightly-stretched cuntlips, the wriggily tip making
    frequent electric contact with her super-sensitive clit.

       Dennis spread his sister's elastic little pussylips with his
    thumbs and probed deeper, titillating the rosy-red inner folds of her
    young cunt. He was avoiding sending his tongue directly into her
    fuckhole, and licked frustratingly all around it, keeping her in the
    edge with anticipation. When he finally fucked his tongue into her
    steaming cunthole, Melissa moaned loudly and ground her pussy onto
    his face, clamping her brother's head between her soft, creamy
    thighs. Dennis held his breath and fucked his tongue in and out of
    his little sister's open twat, plunging it deeper and deeper into her
    tight, juicy cunthole with every thrust. Melissa reacted by grinding
    her gaping hairless down onto the boy's mouth, and sucking on his
    prick like crazy.

       Clinging to his sister's squirming ass, his fingers squeezing the
    asscheeks, Dennis sucked and licked hungrily. The juices of the
    youngster's snatch dripped directly into his mouth, and he swallowed
    the warm, fragrant nectar with pleasure, savouring the fresh,
    unspoiled taste of her aroused, adolescent cunt. Her little-used
    pussy tasted so young and pure and clean, so different to the gamey,
    well-fucked cunts of the older girls he usually got his tongue into.
    He twisted and twirled his tongue inside her satiny pussy, sucking at
    her rigid clit.

       Melissa jerked her juice-smeared mound up and down on her
    brother's face, rotating her hips so that his fast-moving lips and
    tongue came into searing contact with every inch of her exposed cunt,
    especially her quivering little clit. She was very close to orgasm
    and she could tell it was going to be a good one. Suddenly, Melissa
    stiffened and pulled her mouth from her brother's cock.

       "Ohhhh, God, Dennis! I'm gonna cummmm!!", she wailed, sitting back
    heavily on his face.

       She arched her back and threw back her head. Grabbing his huge,
    saliva-covered prick with both hands, she started pulling on it like
    crazy, jerking him off as a massive climax washed over her trembling
    young body.

       "ARRGGHHHHHH! MAKE ME CUM, DENNY!... OOOOH, YOU GORGEOUS
    BASTARD!... MAKE ME COME!... " wailed Melissa, literally sitting on
    her brother's nuzzling face. "JESUS! I WANNA CUM IN YOUR FACE... IN
    YOUR MOUTH!... SUCK IT UP, DENNY!... UHHHHHHH! UHHH! UHHH!
    GODDDDDDDDD! YESSSSSSSSSSS! EAT MEEEEEEEEEE!!"

       She whipped her cute little ass about, her tits jiggling. Dennis'
    lips were wrapped around his sister's tiny, pulsating clit, and his
    tongue flicked the hard little bud until Melissa thought she would
    faint from sheer pleasure.

       With a shout of ecstasy, Melissa climaxed, her cunt contracting
    wildly about her brother's stiff tongue, the spasms sucking on it.
    Dennis gripped his sister's humping ass tightly, burying his face as
    deep as he could into her wide-spread snatch. The little teenager's
    whole body quivered violently as she came, just knowing it was her
    own sweet brother's mouth sucking her cunt to orgasm made it so
    wickedly exciting. She squealed with pleasure, grinding her pussy
    almost brutally onto Dennis' face as hoarse obcenities spilled freely
    from her pretty young lips.

       "GOD, SUCK ME DENNIS! SUCK MY HOT FUCKIN' CUNT, BABY! OOOH, SHIT,
    CHRIST, I'M CUMMING!  JESUS!.. FUCK, AM I EVER CUMMMMING!... AHHHHH!
    SUCK IT! OH, DENNY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! YESSSS! OHHHHHHH, YESSSSSSSS!
    AHHHHHHGGHH!"

       Dennis grasped her bucking hips tightly, holding his baby sister's
    cunt against his open lips as she filled his mouth with hot, sweet
    girly-cum. Dennis sucked it all up, grunting and swallowing like mad
    until Melissa ceased her wild pelvic thrusts, and the last of her
    juices dribbled into his hungry mouth. She moaned in blissful
    afterglow as Dennis gently licked and sucked her pink, slimy
    cuntflesh until her swollen little slit was squeeky clean.

       "Ooooh, God, Dennis, that was fuckin' wonderful!", she gasped,
    trying to catch her breath. "I've never had my cunt sucked like that
    before!"

       "That good, huh?", panted her brother, licking his glistening, wet
    lips.

       "God, yes! I thought you were gonna suck my head right out through
    my cunt!"

       "Mmmmm, maybe next time, kid! Right now I need a little sucking
    myself!"

       "Oh, yeah!", giggled Melissa, looking down at Dennis' raging
    erection, twitching urgently between her little fingers.

       All through her wild orgasm, Melissa had been tugging hard on her
    brother's cock. Now, she returned her tiny mouth to the shiny, purple
    shaft and sucked ravenously. In no time at all, Dennis felt the jism
    rising rapidly in his swollen balls. He reached a hand up to her
    wide-stretched cunt and shoved a couple of fingers inside.

       "That's it, baby! God, what a tight little mouth you've got! It
    feels just like a hot, wet cunt! Suck it, Mel! Suck your brother's
    big, hairy prick, you cock-hungry little slut!", grunted Dennis,
    excited at talking to his little fourteen-year-old sister like a
    common whore. But, by the way she moaned and humped her cunt down at
    his drilling fingers, Dennis knew that she loved it when he talked
    dirty to her. It turned them both on! "Wanna hear what your big
    brother's gonna do to you, Sis?... Huh?" Melissa dared not remove her
    mouth from his cock, so she simply moaned and nodded her head.

       "Well, little girl, after you suck me off, I'm gonna fuck your
    hot-pants little teeny-bopper cunt, 'til you scream for more... and
    maybe then, if you're real lucky, Sis, I'll screw you where you shit,
    too!"

       Melissa sucked hard on her brother's thick cock and began to moan,
    squirming uncontrollably as she listened to him describe her
    innermost fantasy. She couldn't wait to do all those things with
    him... and more! His long, stiff cock sliding in and out of her
    mouth, combined with his deeply probing fingers, began to rekindle
    the fires of lust deep within her twitching cunt.

       "You'd like that, wouldn't you baby?", continued Dennis. "You'd
    like your brother to fuck your little asshole, wouldn't you?" Melissa
    could only nod her pretty young head in total agreement.

       "I bet it's fuckin' tight in there too!", he growled, sliding a
    wet, sticky finger up into her tiny anus. It disappeared up to the
    second knuckle in the girl's hot, buttery hole. "Mmmmm, tight
    alright!... and fuckin' hot!!"

       His sister groaned loudly around the boy's cock as his finger
    began to rotate around inside her tight young rectum. "Mmmmmmmffff!
    Ummmmmmmmmm!"

       "You like that, don't you, Sis?", asked Dennis with a wicked grin.
    "How would you like to be fucked in both holes at the same time?"

       Melissa felt her brother's thumb enter her dripping cunt as
    another of his fingers slid past the tight, little rosebud ring of
    her anus. She wanted to scream out. But not with pain... with
    pleasure... the hitherto undiscovered pleasure of anal penetration.

       "I can tell you like it, Sis, by the way your little ass is
    bouncing around on my fuckin' hand. God, you're a hot little cunt
    when you get worked up, Mel!"

        Melissa was indeed hot! Her little cunt and ass felt like they
    were on fire! And it was obvious to Dennis that his sister couldn't
    get his fingers and thumb deep enough into her two little holes.

       "How would you like to feel two cocks in there, Sis?", asked
    Dennis, not even waiting for a reply before continuing. "One fucking
    your hot, juicy cunt and the other stuffed up your sweet little
    butthole."

       Melissa almost bit her brother's prick with excitement as she
    listened to him describe the lurid sex act in graphic detail. Dennis
    gave out a loud groan at the mixture of pleasure and pain caused by
    her sharp little teeth scraping sensuously over his cockshaft.

       Melissa's wet lips on her brother's cock were rapidly having the
    desired effect, and soon Dennis was humping his hips up at her hot
    little mouth like mad, fucking the young girl's face as hard as he
    dared. She was so tiny and fragile, and he didn't want to hurt her.
    But, as Dennis pushed more and more of his huge prick into his
    sister's tight, velvety throat, Melissa seemed able to take every
    inch her well-hung young brother could give her. Soon, to his utter
    surprise and pleasure, his sister's tightly-stretched lips were
    pressing hard against his wiry pubic hair with every lunge, her
    little mouth filled with cock and sucking like crazy.

       "Jesus, Mel! What a mouth! Christ, for a little kid you can sure
    suck cock! No more jerking off in the bathroom for me, babe! When I
    get the urge, and we ain't got time to fuck, you can come into my
    room and give me some head!"

       Melissa redoubled her efforts, trying to make her brother come,
    this time before she did, because his fingers and thumb were sending
    familiar sparks flashing throughout her groin area. Wild scenes
    flashed through her brain as she imagined sucking her brother off
    while their parents were still in the house. The danger of being
    caught would make it all so much more exciting she mused. And the
    more she thought about being discovered by her mother or father, with
    her mouth around her brother's cock, the more it turned her on!

       "Oh, God! It's too much! I'm gonna come, Sis!", screamed Dennis,
    as he felt a mighty orgasm peak suddenly in his loins. "Suck it out
    of me, Mel!... Suck the cum out of my prick with your hot little
    mouth, you horny cunt!.... Oh Christ, are you ever gonna get a
    mouthful! ARGHHHHHH! HERE IT COMES! TAKE IT YOU GORGEOUS LITTLE
    BITCH!"

       Melissa grabbed her brother's big, hairy balls and squeezed hard
    as she felt the first hot squirts of his incestuous load hit the back
    of her throat. She gurgled and moaned around the hard, twitching
    shaft as it lurched powerfully in her young mouth, gulping down the
    boy's thick, creamy ejaculation as fast her little mouth could
    swallow. She was like a wild animal, her head bobbing up and down as
    she heard the hoarse sounds of release that were coming from her
    brother's throat.

       "OOOOOOOHHHHHH! FUCK! JESUS, DON'T STOP SUCKING LITTLE SISTER!",
    he screamed. "AHRRHHHHHHGGHHH! YESSSSSSSSS! SUCK IT HARD, BABY!"

       "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!", purred Melissa around his cock,
    deliciously turned on by having her big brother pop his nuts in her
    mouth for the second time that night.

       Her firm little tits were jiggling wildly, the erect nipples
    grazing firey trails over the heated flesh of Dennis' belly as she
    bounced faster and faster, her brother's hand still working
    feverishly in the little girl's crotch as it slithered madly around
    above his contorted young face. Melissa came just as the last of her
    loving brother's seed left the end of his throbbing prick. Her entire
    body rippled with ecstasy as she fucked back against his hand, coming
    down harder and harder on her brother's plunging fingers and thumb.
    Now it was Melissa's turn to scream as Dennis brought her off with
    his hand, his fingers sawing deliciously against her clitty as they
    plunged in and out of her lust-swollen little cunt.

       Dennis felt his sister's climaxing twat jerk and contract around
    his deeply buried fingers. Her hot young anus grabbed his thumb in a
    tight, powerful grip as the girl raised and lowered her hairless
    little crotch on her brother's stiffly stabbing digits.

       "OOOOOOOOOOH, GODDDDDDDD! DENNNNNNNNIS!", she screamed, taking her
    mouth from his deflating cock. "I'M CUMMMMMING! OHHH, YEAHHH, SHOVE
    THOSE FINGERS UP THERE! MAKE ME CUM GOOD! JESUS, YOU SWEET, SWEET
    BASTARD! UNNNGGHHHHH!"

       Dennis' long slender fingers were driving the beautiful little
    fourteen-year-old wild, and soon the boy felt a hot, slippery wetness
    cover his hand as his sister came, her quivering pussy gushing a
    torrent of come into his palm.

       He wrenched his hand from her twin fuckholes and pulled the little
    girl's still-twitching cunt against his lips, sucking and licking and
    tonguing her drooling little gash until Melissa almost fainted from
    sheer pleasure. Within seconds, the carnal siblings were slumped
    against each other in a tangled, panting heap. Melissa was sprawled
    heavily on top of her brother with her cum-smeared mouth nuzzling his
    limp cock. Dennis lay gasping for breath beneath her, occasionally
    stretching out his tongue to lick lazily at the last glistening
    droplets which dribbled obscenely from her gaping little cuntslit.

       The two exhausted youngsters lay like that for some time until
    they finally regained their strength a little. Melissa was the first
    to move. She climbed off her brother and turned around, cuddling up
    beside him.

       "Ohhhh, Dennis! I love you!", she whispered.

       "I love you too, Sis!", smiled Dennis, hugging his little sister
    to him.

       Melissa ran her tiny fingers over her brother's naked body,
    stroking him lovingly. It wasn't long before her fingers curled
    around his soft cock.

       "Awww, Denny! It's gone soft already!", teased his sister. "I
    though you wanted to fuck me... How can you fuck with a little
    sausage like that?"

       Dennis dragged his fingers through her slippery cuntslit and
    smiled at her.

       "Just keep talking that way and squeezing it, baby... and before
    you know it that 'little sausage' will be nailing your precious
    little ass to the goddamn bed."

       "Oooooooh! Promises... promises, big brother!", giggled Melissa,
    sensuously rubbing her warm, slender body against him. Dennis saw the
    look of desire on her young face as she jacked him off with her tight
    little fist.

       The boy's cock grew rapidly under her fingers, as he thought of
    all the wonderfully dirty things he was going to do to his sexy
    little fourteen-year-old sister. Dennis couldn't wait to get his cock
    into her tight, hot cunt and even tighter, hotter asshole. Soon
    Dennis' young prick stood proudly up from his belly, as hard as an
    iron bar... throbbing madly.

       "Not so little any more is it, Sis?", asked Dennis pushing the
    naked youngster over onto her back. "Time to fuck, little girl!"

       Melissa's legs flew wide open as her brother knelt between them,
    his long, hard dick in his hand. He looked down at her luscious
    little cuntslit. It looked so tiny compared to the thickness of his
    man-sized cock and Dennis suddenly had second thoughts about what he
    was about to do.

       "You sure you want me to fuck you, Mel?", he asked with surprising
    tenderness.

       Melissa's glazed eyes were fixed on her brother's formidable
    erection, the tip of which was pointed directly at her gaping cunt.
    She was beside herself with desire. All she wanted right now was him
    to bury that gorgeous thing as deeply into her hot, wet little cunt
    as possible, and fuck the living daylights out of her!

       "Oooohhh God, yes!", she cried. "I want your dick in my cunt,
    Denny! I want it so bad! Give me every fuckin' inch! Jesus, I can't
    wait! Come on stick it into my little pussy and fuck me to pieces.
    Fill me up with cock, Denny!"

       "Okay, you sexy little cunt!", grunted Dennis, grabbing his
    hot-assed sister by the hips. "Your big brother's gonna fuck you like
    you've never been fucked before, girl! Yeah... you're gonna feel this
    fuckin' thing all the way up to your fuckin' throat, sweetheart!"

       With a mighty heave, Dennis lifted the girl's hips up clear off
    the bed and stuffed a pillow under her perfect little ass. Melissa
    lay back and spread her creamy thighs wide. Using the fingers of both
    hands, she pulled apart the juicy, pink lips of her narrow slit,
    wantonly offering her open twat to her sixteen-year-old brother.
    Dennis gasped with delight at the shameless sight and lunged
    forwards. He fell over her, and held himself poised above her naked
    body with one arm, the other gripped his cock as he guided his huge
    hard-on into place against his sister's hot, gaping sex.

       Melissa mewled softly as she felt the head of her brother's big
    prick press into the wet heat of her cuntslit. All she could think
    about was the anticipation of his cock. She was dying to have his
    cock shoved inside her. Melissa's hands went to her brother's naked
    ass, gripping his strong, flexing buttocks with urgent need. With
    guttural moans, she urged him on.


       "Oh, Christ! Put it in, Dennis!... Ram it up my cunt and fuck
    me!... Oh, please fuck me! Ooooh, I'm so fuckin' hot. I can't
    wait!... Do it nowwww!"

       And Dennis did! Stimulated by the little girl's moans and cries of
    need, he lunged forwards and with one smooth, powerful stroke, rammed
    the entire length of his hard, young cock between the girl's sweetly
    parted cuntlips.

       "You're gonna like this, Mel!", boasted Dennis. I'm gonna give it
    to you all the way, You're gonna love being fucked by your big
    brother so much, you're not ever gonna want another cock in your
    whole damn life! I'm gonna stretch your tight little pussy all the
    fuckin' way, baby!"

       "Ohhh, Denny! It's so big!", whimpered his sister, grinding her
    hairless little mound up at the base of his cock . "Mmmmm! I can feel
    your hot balls on my ass. God, I'm fucking my own brother!...
    Wild!... Ooooh, your prick is so big and so deep inside my poor
    little pussy!... Ouuuh, move it in me Denny! Fuck me and come in me!
    I wanna feel your stuff squirt in my cunt!"

       Melissa groaned aloud as her brother moved his cock slowly in and
    out of her velvety young pussy, the huge shaft stretching and filling
    her tiny, pink fuckhole to the very limit. Dennis couldn't believe
    how tight her little wet cunt was. He had fucked girls his own age
    before, before but never one as young and as tight as his gorgeous
    little sister.

       Dennis held her tightly and began to fuck her in earnest, almost
    crushing her tiny frame in his muscular arms as he pounded his prick
    into her willing little snatch. Melissa whimpered and panted beneath
    him as she bucked her cunt up to meet his powerful downward lunges,
    fucking the boy right back with everything she had. Her brother's
    hold on her was so tight and her excitement so intense, Melissa could
    hardly breathe, but her little twat was filled with cock and that was
    was all that mattered to her pleasure-muddled brain right now.

       Dennis plunged his throbbing prick diligently in and out of his
    sister's tiny, clasping cunt, the grunting sounds she was making
    driving him crazy. Her hands clutched the straining cheeks of his
    ass, trying to force his lengthy prick deeper into her hungry little
    snatch. Melissa didn't realize it then, but she was rapidly becoming
    hooked on sex, especially the incestuous kind, and wanted every last,
    solid inch of cock her big, handsome brother could give her.

       "Fuck me, you big stud! Ohhhhhhh! Fuck me hard!... God, I can't
    get enough of your cock!!!  Ohhhhh! Ahhhhhh! God, I love to fuck!...
    don't you, Denny?"

       "You better believe it, baby.... Uhhh! Uhhhhhh!", panted Dennis.
    "...fucking is my favourite pastime... Uhhhh! God, I love tight,
    little pussies!"

       "Mmmmmmmm, and I love long, hard cocks, so it looks like we were
    made for each other, big brother!"

       "Yeah! If only I'd known earlier. Just think of all the prime cock
    you've been missing out on, Sis!" Melissa hunched her hips up at his
    imbedded cock.

       "Well, dear brother...", she smiled. "Let's make up for lost
    time... fucking time that is!"

        Grinning lewdly, Dennis gave her a couple of quick jabs before
    setting down into a slow, satisfying rhythm... fucking his sexy
    little sister with long, deep, penetrating strokes. Oh God, he's
    good, Melissa thought. What a lusty fucker he was! And what a lucky
    girl she was to have a horny stud like Dennis for a brother. He
    fucked like a dream! Just what the doctor ordered. She wondered how
    many other girls at school had fucked their own brothers! God, if
    they only knew what a fuckin' turn-on it was, they'd be dropping
    their pants and into it as soon as they got home from school. At
    least that's what I'm gonna be doing from now on, she thought with a
    smile.

       With burning desire, Dennis ground his cock into his sister's hot,
    juicy cuntal-sheath, moaning with pleasure as her tight little hole
    massaged his cock, holding him deep inside her young cunt with a
    strong, vice-like grip. His hands went under her asscheeks, spreading
    them wide, making her trembling little thighs part more widely than
    she thought was physically possible. Then, as her ass squirmed
    wildly, Dennis began to fuck his sister even harder... in and out, in
    and out, back and forth, faster, faster, in and out, ramming his cock
    deep into her clutching, quaking pussy. Her cunt sucked at him,
    drawing him in deep... deeper... and when it slammed into the bottom
    of her little cunt, she still begged for more, pleading with him to
    give her more.

       They rocked and writhed, locked together like rutting animals,
    fucking each other as only a brother and sister can, once the
    unnatural taboo of incest has finally been broken and sibling love
    turns to firey, all-consuming lust. Melissa sensed an orgasm
    approaching rapidly as Dennis continued to pound her upthrust pussy
    with powerful strokes of his strong, young cock. It felt even better
    than when he had sucked her clit before. This time her cunt was
    packed to the hilt with hard, thick cockmeat and her brother's heavy,
    sperm-filled balls were smacking hard against the crease of her
    little ass.

       The wonderful sensation that had overcome her so quickly when he
    had licked and sucked her tingling clit was upon her once more. It
    swept her breath away and her reason with it. Her conscious mind was
    dragged into the whirlpool of her orgasm as it burst upon her young
    body like a runaway freight train. Dennis felt her whole body stiffen
    and shudder under him as Melissa's cunt-muscles squeezed the life out
    of his deeply imbedded prick. Although amazed at how easily she
    seemed to climax, Dennis was pleased as well. It meant that his lusty
    little sister would have multiple orgasms before his own climax was
    even close... it gave him an exciting feeling of power.

       "That's it Mel! Come for your big brother, baby!... Come!...
    Come!... Come!...", grunted Dennis, accentuating each word with a
    stab of his prick into her little cunt. His fingers dug deep into his
    sister's asscheeks, leaving livid, red marks in their wake, but
    Melissa was past feeling pain, she was utterly lost in the throes of
    a wonderfully intense climax. Melissa squealed loudly and thrust her
    little twat eagerly up at her brother's pounding cock, mouthing
    obcenities as she came. The friction of his thick shaft slicing in
    and out of her small hole sent waves of ecstatic tremors hurtling
    through her tense young body.

       "AHHHHHH! OOOOOOH, GOD! FUCK! FUUUUUUUUUCK! I'M CUMMMMMMING!
    OHHHH, DENNIS, FUCK ME HARD... FUCK ME AS HARD AS YOU CAN!...
    UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"

    "Oooooh, yes, baby, I can feel it!", gasped Dennis, nailing her
    thrashing little ass to the bed with each stroke. "Come on my cock,
    Mel! COME !!!!"

       He fucked in and out frantically, the tightly stretched ring of
    his young sister's cuntlips clutched at his cock in wild spasms, it
    felt like a hot, oiled fist was pumping savagely up and down the
    whole length of his prick. Even after Melissa's spasms ceased, and
    her little cunt began to relax a bit, Dennis kept fucking her... slow
    and easy. Since he hadn't come yet, his virile young cock still as
    big and as hard as ever... a fact that his sexy little sister soon
    noticed.

       "Ooooooooooooh, big brother, you're still nice and hard!", said
    Melissa with more than a little delight in her husky voice.
    "Mmmmmmm! And by the feel of that, I bet it's not gonna go down in a
    hurry... am I right?"

       "Don't worry, little sister....", said Dennis, doing a reasonable
    good impersonation of John Wayne. "...the way I feel right now, I
    could ride your sweet little ass all damn night!... Mmmmm, speaking
    of riding just gave me good an idea. How would you like to ride my
    pony for a while, little lady?"

       "Oh, I don't know, mister... ", smiled Melissa. "... does it buck
    a lot?" "Yep!... sure does, mam! Best little bucker in the whole
    goddamn state"

       "Oooooooh! In that case, let me on it, quick!"

       Melissa pushed her brother onto the bed beside her and wasted no
    time in straddling his hips. His throbbing cock stood up hard and
    erect, like a thick, red flagpole jutting from the tangle of dark
    pubic hair between his strong, muscular thighs. Dennis reached up and
    squeezed his sister's firm young titties as she carefully positioned
    her juicy, gaping slit directly above his prick. Trembling with an
    uncontrollable lust, Melissa wrapped her tiny fingers around her
    brother's blood-engorged cock and pulled the long, thick shaft up
    between her wide-open thighs, at the same time lowering her shapely
    young hips until the tip of his cock came into sizzling contact with
    the slippery hotness of her juice-filled little slit.

       Dennis groaned as he felt his sister's tight pussylips surround
    the head of his prick, and watched in awe as the little girl
    shamelessly began to rub the large, purple knob up and down between
    the slippery, pink lips of her sweet young slit.

       "Oh, Shit, Denny!", whimpered Melissa, as she writhed above him,
    allowing just tip of the boy's cock to enter her narrow slit. "God,
    that feels nice!"

       With her eyes closed and her head flung back, Melissa used her
    older brother's erect cock like a living dildoe, dragging his fat,
    swollen cockhead through her little cuntslit from top to bottom,
    exciting her already excited young twat to the very peak of sexual
    arousal. Her beautiful young body was jerking with naked desire as
    she felt her brother's hands grasp her slender hips and try to pull
    her cunt further onto his eager cock.

       Dennis was tired of being teased by his little sister, he wanted
    to fuck! He couldn't wait to thrust his twitching cock up between her
    slim thighs and ram it once more into the deliciously wet heat of the
    youngster's ultra-tight little twat.

       "Come on, Sis! Sit on it!", urged Dennis, pulling down on her
    hips. "Sit down on my prick, baby, and I'll give you the ride of your
    fuckin' life!"

       Melissa looked down at him through sex-glazed eyes. He looked so
    handsome and appealing. Her big, wonderful brother had given her so
    much pleasure already... how could she refuse him?  She felt
    obligated to give him anything he desired, and right now, what the
    boy desired was quite obvious!

       Melissa hunched forwards, lowering her cunt over his prick. Dennis
    moaned deep in his throat as his little sister's cunt opened like a
    succulent, pink flower around the bulging head of his cock. The boy
    watched in awe as her tiny cuntlips parted to admit his massive
    organ, lifting his hips eagerly as the thick shaft disappeared inch
    by inch into her slowly descending slit. Dennis pulled his sister
    forward and kissed her deeply, the hot, slippery feeling of her
    tight, little twat sliding down the length of his cock, and her hard
    tits rubbing against his chest was driving him wild. Her cunt was
    still incredibly tight, but well-lubricated with her copious
    spendings.

       "Ohhhh, Denny, your cock's so fucking big and hard," Melissa
    whispered as she continued lowering her juicy snatch. "God, it feels
    like a goddamn baseball bat goin' up my cunt! Mmmmmmmmmmmmm, but it
    feels soooo gooooood!"

       "Well baby, if it's any consolation, your tight little twat feels
    mighty good around my cock too!"

       "I'm not finished yet, big brother.", grinned Melissa.

       She began to squirm shamelessly around on his boner, trying to get
    more and more of his big, beautiful cock into her insatiable little
    fuck-hole. Soon, the entire length of her brother's hard meat was
    deeply embedded in her deliciously stretched little cunt. It was so
    deep inside her that Melissa could feel his big purple knob throbbing
    way up inside her heaving belly.

       "Ok, brother dear...", she smiled, once she'd caught her breath.
    "... now let's really fuck!"

       With her knees folded on either side of his hips, Melissa began to
    move up and down over her brother's cock, pressing her rock hard
    little nipples into his mouth.

       "Oooooh, Jesus, Denny! I love fucking you!", whimpered Melissa,
    grinding her cunt down onto her brother's lurching cock. "I love that
    big, hard prick!"

       The lewd sounds of her slippery juices squishing out around his
    plunging cock seemed to further excite the girl. With her head thrown
    back and her half-closed eyes burning with passion, Melissa long
    brown hair was cascading down her naked back.

       "Ummmmmm! What a cunt! What a tight, juicy little cunt you've got,
    Mel!"

       "Oh, yes! Yesss... and your big, hard cock is fucking it so
    wonderfully!"

       Grasping his sister's naked buttocks in his palms, Dennis started
    bouncing the little girl up and down on his lurching tool. He looked
    down between their sweaty bodies and watched excitedly as his cock
    slid in and out of her lust-swollen sex. Dennis gasped as he watched
    Melissa's hot pussylips sucking and clinging wetly to his glistening
    shaft. He bucked upwards, plunging his thick hard-on deeply into his
    sister's receptive little fuckhole with ever increasing speed.

       "Oh, Fuck! You sweet little cunt!", grunted Dennis as Melissa
    began to bounce wildly up and down on his impaling prick. "Uhhhhh,
    that's the way to screw!"

       Their two naked bodies lurched crazily on the rocking waterbed,
    aware of nothing but their depraved, incestuous lust for each other.
    Dennis clutched at his sister's jiggling little buttocks, squeezing
    and massaging the firm globes of flesh with wild abandon as he rammed
    his cock up into her tiny, clasping cunt with pile-driver force.
    Melissa suddenly felt her brother's middle finger lightly probing the
    tight, puckered ring of her little asshole.

       "Uuuuhhhh, yes!  Do it, Denny!" she squealed with excitement.
    "Stick your finger up my ass again!"

       Dennis obeyed instantly, and Melissa shrieked with both pain and
    ecstasy as her brother's thick finger suddenly drilled all the way up
    to the palm of his hand in her tight, buttery shitter. The erotic joy
    of his finger swirling around in her quivering bunghole while his
    prick fucked her little cunt, was driving the horny youngster wild.

       "Eeeeeeghhhhhh! Oh, god! Fuck me, Denny! Fuck me in both holes at
    once!" Melissa was whimpering as she rotated her tingly ass around
    and around on her brother's indecently embedded finger. "Fuck my cunt
    and my asshole!"

       "I am fucking you, Sis!", grunted Dennis, jabbing his prick up
    into her cunt as hard as he could. "Jesus, girl, if I fuck you any
    harder, my dick's gonna be pokin' out of your goddamn mouth!"

       "Mmmmmm, God! it feels like it would too, you big beautiful
    bastard!"

       With his finger rammed all the way up her little butt, Dennis
    watched his cock disappearing in and out of his sister's tight, juicy
    quim. Each time the thick shaft came out, Melissa's little pink
    cuntlips pulled out around it, and clasped his retreating cock like a
    hungry, sucking mouth, only to be rammed violently back in again as
    his pistoning organ re-entered her hot, quivering little fuckhole.

       Dennis had his gaze fixed on their joined genitals, and he stared
    with mounting lust as Melissa's hot, sticky cunt-juices dribbled
    down his glistening prick and covered his swelling balls. Dennis had
    never seen such a thrilling sight as his baby sister's soft, plump
    little cunt sliding lewdly up and down over his erect cock... nor had
    he felt anything so tight or so hot clamped around his young pecker
    before... never in his wildest dreams. It was heaven... pure fuckin'
    heaven!

        He watched the fourteen-year-old's little tits bounce as his
    horny little sister impaled herself repeatedly on his upthrust prick.
    She bobbed up and down on him like a sex-crazed robot, her eyes
    closed tight, her hands on his shoulders for support. All the time,
    her frothy little pussy was bumping and grinding on her brother's
    thrusting cock, her young cunt-muscles gripping his prick like a
    vice. The room echoed with the sounds of flesh against flesh as
    brother and sister continued their energetic fuck.

       For a kid, she sure was one hot-assed little fucker, Dennis
    thought with a wry smile, and judging by the way she had acted
    tonight, and the way she was throwing her cock-hungry little twat at
    him, he suspected that young Robbie Ward wasn't the only lucky
    bastard to get into her pants recently either.

       Dennis didn't really care who it was who had turned his prissy
    little fourteen-year-old sister into a cock-crazed nymphomaniac. All
    that mattered was that it had happened, and Dennis planned to make
    the most of it for as long as he could. Melissa was squirming and
    whimpering like a little wounded animal. Her big brother's
    frantically thrusting prick was really hitting the spot.... her tiny
    swollen clitty to be precise. The base of his cock squashed and
    rubbed the sensitive little bud in just the right way, and within
    seconds, the hotly aroused youngster was once more in the throes of a
    thundering orgasm.

       "Oh, God! God! Fuck me, Denny! I'm coming again!", she cried,
    covering her brother's parted lips with her hot, open mouth.

       Dennis' burning cock and plunging finger had set the little girl's
    crotch on fire and now, her adolescent ecstasy reached an intensity
    she had never experienced before. Deep down she knew why. The cock
    stretching her little cunt wasn't just any old cock, it was her big
    brother's... and that was the exciting difference. She wished she had
    another brother, so she could get him to fuck her too. Maybe at the
    same time.... one cock fucking her insatiable cunt while the other
    fucked her hot little ass. Melissa's brain filled with wanton,
    incestuous images as she came, again and again and again.

       "ARGHHHHHH! OHHHHHHHHH, FUCK! JESUS, YESSSSS, DENNNNY! YESSSSS!"

       Hot juices gushed out of the Melissa's spasming cunt, bathing her
    brother's throbbing, lurching prick with a torrent of clear, fragrant
    girly-cum. Dennis had been trying desperately to hold back his own
    climax, but as soon as he felt the contractions of Melissa's
    quivering young cunt squeezing and nibbling at his cock, the boy knew
    he couldn't hold out any longer. Just the thought of filling his baby
    sister's cute little twat with cum was enough to blow his mind... it
    was all Dennis needed to push him over the edge.

       "Uhhhhhhhhhh! Shit!", he grunted, jamming his twitching cock deep
    up inside her little-girl cunt. "Here it comes, Mel!... I'm
    cumming!.. Take it, baby!... Take it all!"

       "Oh, Christ!.. Jesus, Denny!", sobbed Melissa as she felt her
    brother's cock jerk and swell within her pulsating cunt. It suddenly
    felt twice the size it had before, and she was certain it was going
    to split her pussy in two.

       The unbelievable pressure of his big rod was almost more than the
    girl could stand, but when she felt the first spurt of her brother's
    hot, thick jizz gushing into her little fuck-hole, Melissa exploded
    into another wild convulsing orgasm.

       "OHHH, DENNY! YESSS, COME IN ME! SHOOT YOUR HOT STUFF UP MY CUNT,
    BABY!", she squealed, as her brother's mighty ejaculation jetted from
    the end of his deeply buried cock. "UHHHHH, JEEEESUS! ! I'M COMING!
    I'M COMMMMIIIINNNNGGGG TOOOOOOOO!"

       Screaming hysterically, Melissa's little body bucked like crazy
    as she ground her hot, clasping twat around the base of his furiously
    spurting dick. She fell forward and pressed her mouth hotly over his,
    kissing her brother passionately while his big, throbbing cock pumped
    her young cunt full of his thick, creamy, incestuous sperm.

       "Oh, Denny!", she whispered as he held her in his arms a few
    moments later. "That was the best ever!"

       "It sure was, Sis!", he grinned, slipping a finger into her juicy
    little slit. She held onto his cock like she was afraid it was going
    to escape, stroking the sticky, semi-hard shaft lovingly.

       "How long before you can get this thing up again, big brother?"
    said Melissa, feeling the boy's limp cock begin to stir again under
    the urgent manipulations of her tiny fingers.

       "In a hurry to get fucked again, Mel?", asked Dennis, smiling
    broadly.

       "You bet!" replied Melissa, hunching her reawakening cuntmound
    onto his deeply drilling finger. "You said we could fuck all night,
    didn't you?"

       "I sure did, little sister!", he replied, pushing her head down
    to his crotch. "but if you want some more, you're gonna have to work
    for it, ok?"

       His sister knew exactly what was expected of her, and without
    another word, the horny young girl opened her hot, wet little mouth
    and swallowed his half-hard cock whole, sucking and chewing like
    crazy.

       "That's it, little sister! Suck my cock real good!", moaned
    Dennis, rubbing his fingers into the girl's juice-filled slit. "Get
    it nice and hard for me, baby!... 'Cause once you do, honey, I'm
    gonna roll you over and screw your hot little teeny-bopper asshole
    till you fuckin' faint!"

       Melissa sucked greedily. Her little crinkled anus was the only
    hole in her excited young body that had not yet felt the pleasure of
    her brother's big cock, and she quivered with lust at the very
    thought.... she couldn't wait!

       Once Dennis' prick was sufficiently hard, he tossed his little
    sister onto her stomach and lifted her ass up off the bed, spreading
    her legs wide apart. Her little pink anus was fully exposed, and
    Dennis wasted no time in fitting the tip of his cock to the tiny,
    puckered opening.

       "Oooh, do it, baby!... Put it in and fuck me hard!", squealed
    Melissa with a smouldering look over her shoulder. "I wanna feel your
    cock in my ass now!" Dennis hunched forward, pulling his sister's
    hips backwards at the same time, and to his surprise, his cock slid
    into her buttery little rectum with unbelievable ease.

       "Arhhhhhhh! Oh, God yessssssss, Dennny! Mmmmmmm, baby, it feels
    so fuckin' good!", gasped Melissa raising her butt up in the air.
    "Now, fuck me hard, big brother.... I can take it!"

       By the way she was moaning and wiggling her ass around on his
    deeply embedded cock, Dennis was certain she could take it alright.
    Instantly, he began to fuck his cock in and out of her, savouring the
    delicious feeling of his sister's hot, clasping asshole gripping his
    plunging prick.

       "Ohhhhhh, Sis!", he groaned. "Jesus, that's fuckin' tight, baby!"

       "Uhhhhhhh! Tightest little ass in the street, big brother!"

       "I believe you, Mel!", said Dennis, increasing the speed of his
    cock stabs.

       "Mmmmmm, Denny! That's nice!... Ohhh, play with my cunt at the
    same time!"

       Reaching down under her belly, the boy slid two fingers into his
    sister's pussy, and began finger-fucking her drooling little slit in
    time with the deep anal strokes of his big prick.

       For what seemed like ages, Dennis fucked his squirming sister
    hard and fast, giving it to the horny little kid in both tightly
    stretched holes at once, until finally she could no longer stand the
    intense pleasure washing over her young body.

       "Ahhhhhgggghhhhhhh! I'm gonna come! I'm gonna come!", screamed
    Melissa, grinding her frothy little cunt against her brother's
    slicing fingers. Becoming extremely excited by his sister's screams
    and moans of lust, Dennis rammed his cock into her slurping asshole
    until his bushy groin slammed against the cheeks of her ass with each
    thrust, making her slender young frame jolt violently.

       "Ooooooh, I'm almost there, Denny! Rub my clit! Pinch it,
    lover!", gasped Melissa, unashamed about telling her horny brother
    exactly what she wanted. Dennis knew his own orgasm wasn't far away
    either and increased the speed of his ass-fucking so that he could
    climax with her.

       "Come with me, Sis!", he grunted, stabbing his fingers into her
    cunt like crazy. "I'm gonna blow any second!"

       Melissa felt fireworks bursting inside her as her brother pumped
    her squirming little ass full of boiling cum, and rubbed her clit
    hard and fast. She felt her belly filling with his thick, creamy
    jism, felt it dripping out of her tightly stretched asshole and
    running down her thighs.

       She reached between her legs and squeezed her brother's balls as
    the last few shots of his cum squirted into her asshole. Exhausted,
    the pair flopped forwards onto the bed and lay panting in each others
    arms. Dennis kissed his sister hotly, and little Melissa eagerly
    returned his deep tongue-kiss with a passion that soon had them both
    panting for breath. She knew that at sixteen, her brother would be
    ready to fuck again in a few minutes and smiled happily to herself
    when at last she felt his limp cock begin to stir once more against
    her naked thigh. With seemingly boundless energy, Dennis fucked
    Melissa half a dozen more times that first night, enjoying each fuck
    more than the last, his young cock rarely going soft.

       His little sister was one of the most willing partners the boy
    had ever had, and without hesitation, she participated eagerly in
    every lewd and depraved sex act Dennis could think of... even showing
    him a couple! And without fail, Melissa threw her considerable
    sexual energy into their incestuous coupling with an intensity that
    excited him beyond belief. For hours, brother and sister indulged in
    an orgy of abandoned fucking and sucking, stopping only when they
    heard the sound of a car in the driveway, at which time they quickly
    made the bed and hurried off to their own rooms, pretending to be
    long asleep by the time their parents entered the house.

                         Not the end by a long shot...
               
                                                     
                     MELISSA                              
                                                       
                                       "The Trip"         
                                                     
               
                                 (By EROS)

       In the morning, Dennis and Melissa were the last to rise. It had
    been an exhausting night, and by the time they reached the breakfast
    table, their parents were almost finished.

       "Come on sleepy heads!", said Helen. "What time did you two get to
    bed last night.... you both look like death warmed up!"

       "Don't worry, Mom," replied Dennis smiling at his sister. "We were
    both in bed REAL early... right Sis?"

       "Yeah, Mom!", smirked Melissa. "Too much sleep I guess."

       "Probably stayed up all night watching movies," grinned Don,
    looking up from his morning paper.

       Melissa stared at her father, somehow he seemed younger looking
    this morning, and very, very handsome. Her cunt tingled as she saw
    his gaze drop to her unbuttoned blouse. She wasn't wearing a bra, and
    she knew her father could clearly see the firm, budding roundness of
    her exposed breasts.

       She tried not to look at him, and was pleased when the phone rang
    and Don got up to answer it. Even then, Melissa followed his
    retreating backside with lustful eyes, taking in the contours of her
    father's firm, muscular ass with more than a daughterly interest.
    'Not bad, Dad!', she thought feeling the familiar itch developing
    between her hot young thighs.

       Dennis caught the look and carefully stretched out a foot under
    the table until he could reach his sister's crotch. He wiggled his
    toes against her cuntmound and was pleasantly surprised to find she
    wasn't wearing any panties under her nightdress. Melissa opened her
    thighs at her brother's intimate touch, surprised at his boldness but
    thankful to feel something hard rubbing against her excited little
    slit.

       His big toe slipped into her cunthole and Melissa had to bite her
    lip to stop from squealing with pleasure. She suddenly wondered what
    their parents would do if they could see what was going on under the
    tablecloth. Reaching stealthily under the table, Melissa grabbed her
    brother's foot and pulled it into her crotch, grinding her hips in
    very, very slowly circles.

       She looked at her father hoping he wouldn't notice anything. He
    was sitting on the sofa in the living room, talking on the phone, and
    as she looked closely Melissa noticed with a gasp of delight that she
    could see right up the leg of his short pajamas. The dark, mysterious
    shape of her father's cock was clearly visible, and Melissa climaxed
    suddenly around her brother's probing foot, shivering with lust as
    she imagined her father's obviously massive prick in its place.

       Dennis removed his juice-slick toes from his sister's cunt only
    just in time, as his mother came back into the room.

       "All finished kids?", she asked, reaching for their plates.

       "Yeah, Mom!", said Dennis, supressing a smirk. "at least for now
    anyway." Helen noticed a strange look pass between her two children,
    but before she could say anything, Don came back into the room, his
    face grim.

       "Bad news I'm afraid, dear!", he said to Helen. "It's your Aunt
    Hilda... she's been taken to hospital in Phoenix. They said it was a
    mild heart attack, but they say she's stabilized now though."

       "Oh God!", said Helen sitting down. "I guess I'd better go and see
    how she is I suppose."

       "Ok, sweetheart, I'll call the airport and arrange for a
    reservation."

       "No, don't bother dear," said Helen. "It'll save money if I drive
    down."

       "That's quite a drive, Helen! I can't take time off work right
    now, and I really don't want you driving that far alone, honey."

       "I can go with you Mom... ", piped up Dennis. "...and take over
    driving when you get tired."

    After haggling over the details it was all settled, and early the
    next day, Dennis and Helen set off for Phoenix. It would be a two day
    trip, there and back, and Dennis was looking forward to spending some
    time alone with his mother. He didn't know what it was, but suddenly
    his mom had begun to look extremely cute and sexy.

       Just out of town they stopped for gas and decided to have a bite
    to eat. As they sat at a table in the diner, Helen noticed her son
    wasn't paying attention to his food like he usually did, and she
    suspected why. It was the waitress that had served them. She was
    young, about eighteen or nineteen, and she was built. Her skirt was
    tight and short, clinging to her firm, round ass and showing off most
    of her long, smooth legs.

       Her blouse was even tighter, and low cut, revealing a deep
    cleavage between heavy, braless tits. Her dark nipples could be seen
    clearly, pressing against the thin, white material. A tiny apron tied
    tightly around her waist gave her a hourglass figure. The girl was
    cute, and she knew it. She knew she was turning Dennis on, too...
    Helen could see that. 'Bitch!', thought Helen, staring rudely at the
    girl as she bent over farther than necessary to refill their coffee
    cups. 'She's showing herself off like a common whore!' She could see
    her son squirming around on his chair, even reaching under the table
    when nobody was looking, to rearrange himself.

       Helen recognized the feeling she had towards the girl as jealousy.
    She considered herself still very attractive. She had always been
    chesty, but her tits didn't hang... they were firm and upright... and
    her hips weren't on the fat side like the young waitress... they were
    slim and athletic. Helen was getting more and more irritated by the
    minute.

       "What's the matter, Dennis?", she asked suddenly. "You're acting
    strange this morning. Don't you feel well?"

       "I'm okay, Mom. Just sleepy I guess. We started awfully early.",
    he lied.

       "You're right, honey, but we've gotta press on. I'll drive and you
    can take a nap in the back seat. I feel good this morning."

       The girl returned. She smiled at Dennis, eyeing the bulge in his
    pants.

       "Is there anything else you'd like?", she asked sweetly, knowing
    full well exactly what the boy would like.

       "Just the check, thanks!", Helen snapped.

       She could see that her sixteen year-old son was obviously turned
    on by the girl, but was a little confused as to why her motherly
    instinct had turned to jealousy. As Dennis got up, Helen noticed the
    lump in her son's pants that had taken the waitress' eye, and
    wondered for a moment what his little cock looked like all swollen
    with blood and desire. It had been years since she had seen him
    naked. Realizing what she was thinking, she blushed with
    embarrassment, but the image of her son's hard, erect prick wouldn't
    leave her brain.

       Helen paid the check and followed her son out to the car. Her eyes
    followed his hard, young ass. She had always been a butt fancier ever
    since she had known what men were for. In fact, that was why she had
    originally gone out with her husband, Don. He'd had the nicest,
    tightest, ass in high school... and the biggest cock. Helen
    shuddered. Dennis looked a lot like his father, tall, blonde and
    handsome, with an athlete's body, and as she stared at his cute young
    ass heading towards the car, she couldn't help but wonder if her son
    was built like his father in every respect. He was waiting patiently
    beside the car for her as she approached.

       "You get in the back and sleep, honey; I'll drive. You can drive
    this afternoon, after you've had a rest, okay?"

       Dennis crawled into the back seat and stretched out on his back,
    still thinking about the waitress' big tits, trying to imagine them
    without the tight blouse. He was sure they'd be big and round and
    soft, with large nipples. In his mind, he sucked the nipple into his
    mouth and slid his hand under her short skirt... of course she wasn't
    wearing any panties, and his fingers immediately slid into the girl's
    hot pussy-slit... it was wet and sticky. His hand slid to the crotch
    of his jeans and squeezed his hard prick, masturbating as best he
    could through the hard material.

       In the front seat, Helen was equally excited. The thought of her
    son's hard cock was enough to set her easily aroused cunt-juices
    flowing like mad. She tried to ignore it as a figment of her
    imagination, but the more she tried to ignore it, the more it filled
    her mind. As she drove, all she could think about was her son's
    stiff, blood engorged prick, and how big it might be. But then a wave
    of jealousy clouded her brain as she imagined her son's stiff cock
    planted deep in the cunt of that slutty waitress. Helen adjusted the
    rear-view mirror so that she could see her son. She couldn't see his
    face because it was hidden by the passenger seat, but she could see
    her son's midsection clearly.

       Helen almost gasped aloud when she saw he was playing with
    himself. His hand was moving up and down between his drawn up thighs
    as the young boy stroked his cock through his pants. It was obvious
    he was masturbating. Helen had never thought of her son jacking-off
    before, and strangely, it excited her. He was a male after all... he
    had a prick, and it would get hard... and if he pulled on it enough,
    it would squirt all over the place, just like her husband's.  Helen
    wondered how big it was, and her throat suddenly became dry. She felt
    a wetness in her panties and dropped a hand between her legs to
    squeeze her pussy, but it wasn't enough.... it never had been. Helen
    was one of those women who needed penetration, preferably deep
    penetration. A long, hard cock slicing in and out of her cunt was
    what she needed.

       With her husband's cock almost always available, Helen didn't
    masturbate much, only when she felt the need strongly... only when
    she was unusually stimulated... and the sight of her own son playing
    with himself was stimulating her unusually. It wasn't just that he
    had a prick... her son's was a new prick... a forbidden prick, and
    the young mother fought against the ugly, incestuous thoughts forming
    in her mind. She looked into mirror and noticed that her son was
    pulling at his cock faster... the ugly thoughts came back... stronger
    than before. Helen needed relief, and she needed it now. She pushed
    her short skirt up over her thighs and, pulling aside the wet crotch
    of her panties, jammed two stiff fingers into her yearning, aching
    cunt. The feeling was so satisfying, Helen was unable to suppress the
    low moan of delight which escaped her lips.

       Hearing the sound, Dennis looked up. His mother's skirt was hiked
    halfway up her thighs, and her hand was doing something between her
    legs. At first he thought she was rearranging her panties, but that
    thought soon left his head when he saw the wet, glistening goo on his
    mother's stabbing fingers. He peeked around the corner of the
    passenger seat but could only see the side of her face. It was then
    that Dennis realized that his mother was staring at his crotch in the
    rear-view mirror. She couldn't see his face, but she was sure
    feasting her eyes on the lump in his pants! He couldn't believe it at
    first. His own mother, for Chrissakes!... fingering herself like a
    horny schoolgirl as she watched him jerk off. She must be hot as a
    pistol to do that while her own son was in the car, he thought.

       Suddenly, the importance of what was happening hit him, and a
    mischievous smile crossed his handsome young features as young Dennis
    considered the exciting possibilities. He reached down and unzipped
    his fly. 'She wants to look... I'll give her something to really look
    at!', he grinned. His own eyes were glued to the creamy expanse of
    his mother's exposed thighs. Helen was watching her son at every
    chance she got, taking her eyes of the road as much as she dared,
    gripping the wheel with one hand, the other moving in and out between
    her moist thighs. When she saw her son unzip his pants and reach
    inside, a shudder of excitement coursed through her body, but when he
    pulled his hard young cock out into full view, she nearly ran off the
    road!

       Helen licked her lips unconsciously at the sight of her son's
    magnificent erection. It was much larger than she's expected... at
    least as big as her husband's..... and that was saying something! She
    watched him stroke it loving with the tips of his fingers. Then, as
    Dennis fisted his cock and began to jerk up and down on the thick,
    purple shaft, Helen found it increasingly difficult to concentrate on
    her driving.

       Several times cars honked their horns at her as she got too close
    to the other lanes. At the moment Helen was so excited she wanted
    nothing more than to watch her handsome son jerk his gorgeous young
    prick to a cum-spurting climax, but it was too dangerous. Not only
    because she kept running off the road, but also because she still
    hadn't come to terms with the new feelings she was having towards her
    own son... unnatural feelings, that made her hot young cunt itch with
    uncontrollable desire.

       With mixed feelings of regret and relief Helen saw a service
    station and turned off the highway. Dennis swore under his breath as
    he realized what his mother was doing and stuffed his cock
    uncomfortably back into his pants.

       "What's wrong?", he asked cautiously.

       "Nothing, sweetheart. You go ahead and sleep. I'm just going to
    get some gas and go to the toilet... I... er... I forgot to go back
    at the cafe." Helen hoped her voice didn't sound too shaky.

       "Okay, Mom." said Dennis, trying to sound half asleep.

       Helen got out of the car and told the attendant to fill it up. She
    hurried to the ladies' room, pissed frantically, wiped her pussy with
    care, and put her wet panties into her purse.

       She glanced into the dirty, streaked mirror above the washbowl,
    looking for signs of perverted lust in her face. She saw none and
    sighed with relief. When she returned to the car, she was startled to
    see Dennis behind the wheel.

       "I thought you were napping?", she said, opening the door.

       "I couldn't sleep, Mom. Hop in and let me drive for a while."

       Helen was disappointed, very disappointed. Now that she's composed
    herself somewhat, she had been secretly hoping to once again watch
    her son fondle himself while she masturbated. Her need for a deep,
    satisfying orgasm was strong. Reluctantly she got into the
    passenger's seat beside him.

       "Are you sure you feel like it, Dennis?", she asked.

       "I feel fine, Mom," he answered. "Why don't you get some shut-eye
    yourself."

       Helen pulled the lever and lowered the backrest as far as it would
    go and stretched herself out, giving her son a tantalizing glimpse of
    naked thigh as she settled herself in the comfortable bucket seat.
    Dennis' cock was soft when they pulled out onto the highway again,
    but it didn't stay that way for long. He kept giving his mother
    sideways glances, eyeing off her prominent tits and firm, creamy
    thighs. The vent on Helen's side was open and every now and then, the
    wind lifted her skirt, blowing it up further and further. A quick
    look told Dennis that his mother's eyes were closed, so he stared
    brazenly at her exposed thighs. He was just about to reach over and
    lift up the hem a little more when Helen moaned softly and opened her
    legs... the wind did the job for him.

       Helen's skirt was now so far up her thighs, that Dennis could see
    her crotch plainly. He blinked and gasped, then moaned with
    excitement as he realized his mother wasn't wearing any panties. His
    cock leaped to attention inside his pants, bulging painfully against
    the rough material.

       "It's awfully warm," mumbled Helen.

       Her hand tugged at her blouse, pulling several buttons open.
    Dennis' eyes widened at the sight of his mother's cleavage, which was
    much deeper than the girl's at the cafe. He could see that her tits
    were even bigger than he had imagined... and firm too. His hand
    dropped to the bulge in his groin and he started to rub himself
    again. His cock was hard as a rock. He could see the lips of his
    mother's tempting slit glistening at him through the light blonde
    thatch of pubic hair between her carelessly open thighs. Throwing
    caution to the wind, Dennis once more unzipped his fly and was soon
    jacking off like mad, untroubled that his mother might wake up, or
    that he might spray come all over the dashboard.

       Helen was already awake. She had been faking since she curled up
    on the seat beside him, her passion a mixture of fear and lust...
    eventually the lust won. With her heart beating wildly she suddenly
    sat up and opened her eyes wide, staring openly at the fully erect
    cock he clasped in his fist.

       "What on earth are you doing, Dennis?", she cried, trying to sound
    shocked.

       The startled boy shoved his cock quickly back into his pants and
    jerked his hand back to the wheel, his face reddening. When her son
    didn't reply, Helen snapped, "Pull the car over to the side!"

       Dennis didn't know what to think. His mother was acting
    strangely. He slowed the car and coasted to rest behind a large
    billboard. Helen turned to her son, her heart beating wildly.

       "What were you doing, Dennis?", she repeated.

       "Nothing, Mom, honest!" stammered Dennis, staring straight ahead.

       "Don't lie to me, Dennis.", said his mother. "I saw you. You were
    playing with yourself, weren't you?"

       "Yes," the boy answered weakly.

       "Why, Dennis?", murmured Helen. "Tell Momma why you were playing
    with yourself, honey."

       Dennis, who was unaccustomed to lying to his mother, blurted out,
    "I was looking up your dress, Mom... I couldn't help it, honest!"

       "What were you looking at exactly, baby?", breathed Helen unable
    to keep her ass still on the seat.

       "I was looking at your... um... your..."

       "Say it, Dennis!", growled his mother, increasingly turned on by
    her young son's fresh innocence. "Tell me exactly what you were
    looking at!"

        "...your cunt, Mom! I was looking at your cunt!", whispered
    Dennis hoarsly.

       He felt his cock stirring once more as he watched his mother's
    fingers unbutton her blouse and let it fall wide open. Helen twisted
    around in the seat until she was facing her son and leant back
    against the door. She smiled provocatively and spread her legs,
    lifting the hem of her skirt slowly until it was well above her slim
    waist.

       "Is this what you were looking at, sweetheart?", she breathed,
    opening her thighs wide apart.

       "Ohhh, Mom! Yeahhhhhh!", moaned Dennis, feasting his eyes on his
    mother's naked blonde pussy.

       Watching his cock bulge grow in his pants, Helen became excited at
    the powerful effect she was having on him. It turned her on immensely
    to know that she could sexually arouse her own son. Impulsively Helen
    reached over and pulled the boy's head down closer.

       "Why don't you have a really good look then, honey," she said.

       The thrill of exposing herself to the boy was making Helen's
    itching cunt juice like mad. She reached for his open fly and slid
    her hand inside, trembling with the exciting prospect of sex with her
    handsome young son.

       "It's only fair that I look at you while you look at me, right
    darling?", smiled Helen, pulling her son's hardening cock out of his
    pants.

       "Yeah. Sure, Mom. Whatever you want.", mumbled Dennis, staring
    hungrily at his mother's glistening cuntslit.

       He was still in a state of shock. He couldn't believe his mother
    was actually doing this... it must be a dream! He felt her fingers
    wrap around his prick and gasped with delight. Nope!... it certainly
    wasn't a dream!  That is, unless he'd died and gone to heaven!

       Her son's cheek was on her inner thigh, only inches from her
    pussymound. She could feel his hot breath on her slit, which by now
    was screaming for some sort of stimulation.

       "Touch me, Dennis!" gasped his mother. "Feel me like I'm feeling
    you, hon!"

       Dennis reached out and ran his fingers through his mother's pubic
    hair. It was velvety soft and surprisingly sparse, hardly covering
    the thick, red lips of her mature cunt. He took so long admiring her
    dewy pussy, that Helen soon became impatient with the boy.

       "Inside! Put a finger inside your momma's cunt, sweetheart!",
    groaned Helen. He lifted his head and stared into her sparkling blue
    eyes, a faint look of uncertainty still on his young face. "Are you
    sure, Mom?"

       Helen squeezed her son's cock and jerked it up and down
    meaningfully.

       "Oh, Jesus yes, baby! I need something in my cunt so bad, it
    hurts!"

       Dennis saw the need and frustration in his mother's pleading face
    and grinned knowingly. His mother wanted to fuck badly, and she
    didn't care that the object of her carnal desires was her own son...
    not that Dennis minded. After all, he had fucked his little sister...
    why shouldn't he fuck his mother too? Especially since she seemed so
    damned desperate for it! 'She'll get something up her cunt
    alright...' he thought, '...and not just my finger either!'

       Dennis ran his fingers along the slit of his mother's pussy,
    parting the matted pubic hair. Her wet, slippery cuntlips flowered
    open almost of their own accord, and a tingle went through her as she
    felt his fingertips enter her. She was already moist and oily, her
    twat oozing cream, just for him.

       "Yes! Oh, Christ, yessss!", hissed Helen, as her son slid a finger
    deep up inside her boiling cunthole. She was so turned on, she
    grabbed his hand and began fucking herself with his finger, her other
    hand pumping up and down on his hard cock like crazy.

       "Ummmmmm! Oh, Mom! Yeah! I like that!", moaned Dennis, wiggling
    his finger around and around deep inside her. "Squeeze my fuckin'
    cock!... Jerk it off hard, Mom! Uhhhhhh, baby!"

       More and more juice poured from deep within her cunt. It covered
    his fingers and formed a small pool in his hand. Helen spread her
    thighs as wide as she could in the cramped space, and gazed down at
    her son through lust-glazed eyes. Dennis reached up with his other
    hand and opened his mother's blouse. With difficulty, he undid the
    clip holding her bra in place and watched hungrily as her large,
    creamy breasts sprang free.

       "Ohhh, you naughty boy, Dennis!", giggled Helen, wiggling her tits
    wantonly in her son's face. "Looks like there are two tit men in the
    family, huh?"

       Her giggle turned to a moan of pleasure as the boy plunged his
    face between her tits and began to nuzzle the firm mounds like a
    playful terrier, sucking and nibbling on them until Helen thought she
    would faint from sheer delight.

       "Mmmmm, it feels so good to be doing all this dirty stuff with
    your mother, doesn't it baby?", smiled Helen, looking lovingly down
    at the top of her son's shaggy head. He just mumbled something into
    her tits and slipped a second finger into her gooey cunt.

       "I can tell you like it, hon... Maybe we should have started doing
    this long ago." Dennis pulled his mouth off left her nipple.

       "When, Mom?"

       "As soon as you were old enough to get hard-on, baby.", replied
    his mother, kissing him wetly on the lips. "With a cock like yours,
    it's a crime to waste it just because you were a little boy!"

       "It's a crime what we're doing now, Mom.", grinned Dennis.

       His mother gave his cock an extra squeeze and increased the tempo
    of her jerking fist.

       "You don't seem to be complaining any, son," smiled Helen
    wickedly.

       Dennis stared at her, still scarcely believing this was happening
    to him. It still seemed like some wild wet-dream he was having. He
    half expected to wake up any second, but whatever it was, he hoped it
    would go on forever. His mother was practically lying across the car
    seat. Her blouse was wide open, and the cups of her bra flopped
    uselessly on either side of her chest. Her large tits, still wet from
    all his sucking, lolled apart like lush, creamy melons, her hard,
    erect nipples jutting towards the roof. Her golden brown belly
    hollowed as she squirmed about on the seat, two of his fingers still
    buried deeply in her luscious, blonde twat.

       Dennis loved the way his mother's legs were spread wide for him,
    her knees were bent and pulled way back, giving him complete and
    unobstructed access to her juicy passion pit.

       "You're so hot, Mom!", gasped Dennis, hunching his hips roughly
    into his mother's fist. "Your cunt is so fuckin' hot and wet!"

       "I've been hot since we left home, son," Helen admitted. "So hot,
    I couldn't stand it any longer. I'm glad you came along Dennis.
    Mmmmmmmm... real glad!"

       "Me too, Mom!", grinned Dennis, speeding up his finger thrusts. "I
    wouldn't have missed this for the world!"

       Helen sobbed and lifted her ass up off the seat, grinding her cunt
    onto her son's stabbing fingers. Her fingers jerked up and down his
    prick with a grip of iron, and Dennis was so turned on by his
    beautiful mother, he didn't know how long he could last.

       "If you keep that up, Mom, I'm gonna come all over the place.",
    panted Dennis.

       Helen hoped it would be all over her. His words increased her
    hunger and soon her cute, round ass began to gyrate frantically,
    rocking the car from side to side. In the back of his mind, Dennis
    hoped that nobody saw them parked here, because it would be a little
    hard for his mother to explain what she was doing, half naked,
    jerking off her sixteen-year-old son while he stuffed several fingers
    up her cunt.

       "I'm close too, baby!, gasped Helen, holding his mouth to her
    tits. "Just a little more... a little more.... Suck my tits, honey!
    Suck them hard!"

       She moaned in ecstasy as Dennis suckled her nipples, first one and
    then the other, sucking them into his hot mouth like a starving baby.

       "UHHHHHHHH! RUB MY CLIT, BABY! RUB IT HARD! MOMMA'S GONNA COME!",
    Helen screamed as she felt the waves of pleasure well up from deep
    inside her.

       Dennis rubbed and squeezed in all the right places, sex with his
    sister had shown him exactly how a girl liked to be stimulated when
    she came, and his mother was no different. She was writhing around
    his thrusting fingers like an epileptic eel, hunching and grinding
    her sloppy cunt against him until Dennis thought she was never going
    to come. Then it happened.....

       "AHHHHHHHHHHGGGHHHHHH! FUCK! I'M CUMMMMMMMINNGGGGGG! OHHH, GOD,
    DENNNNNY!" Even in the midst of her orgasm, Helen didn't forget her
    son. Her fist kept jerking on his swollen cock at a tremendous pace,
    almost as if she was trying to squeeze the come out of him.

       Dennis could feel the muscles of his mother's cunt contracting
    around his fingers, squeezing them almost as hard as her fist was
    squeezing his cock.

       "Ohhh, Jesus!", he groaned. "God, what a cunt!... Yeah! Beat my
    meat, Mom!"

       Helen arched her back, trying to get as much of her son's fingers
    into her spasming twat as she could. Dennis looked down at his
    mother's cunt only inches away from his mouth. He couldn't resist.
    Pulling his fingers out of her flooded hole, Dennis replaced them
    with his mouth and, to his mother's utter surprise and delight began
    to suck the juices from her cunt like a pro.

       "Ooooh, Jesus, Dennis!.. Where'd you learn to do that?!",
    whimpered his mother, humping her cunt up at his face. "God! I don't
    care, baby! Just don't stop!"

       Dennis didn't stop. He sucked his mother's insatiable cunt to two
    more orgasms before the exhausted woman pulled his juice-smeared face
    from between her quivering thighs.

       "Christ Dennis! You've sucked me dry!", panted Helen, smiling
    fondly down at him. "Now, it's your turn, darling! Momma's feeling
    positively famished!"

       Helen pushed her son backwards and clambered over his prostrate
    form like a starving lioness over its prey. She flashed him a sexy,
    smouldering look before lowering her mouth to his cock. It
    disappeared to the balls in one almighty gulp.

       "Uhhhhhhhh! Fuck! What a mouth!", cried Dennis as he watched his
    cock vanish inside his mother's tight, hot throat. "Suck it, Mom!
    Suck my prick!" Helen's fingers fondled her son's hairy balls as she
    sucked his huge cock, intent only on giving him as much pleasure as
    he had given her.

       She wasn't playing with his prick like his little sister had done.
    His mother knew exactly what she was doing. She used her mouth, lips
    and throat so well, that Dennis had only to close his eyes to believe
    he was shoving his cock deep into her hot, tight cunt, and the
    thought of fucking his mother's juicy cunt was all he needed to push
    him over the edge.

       "Ohhhh, Shit! Get ready! I'm gonna come in your fuckin' mouth,
    Mom!"

       Helen tensed as her son's sperm gushed out of the end of his dick
    and down her throat. She thought it would be easy to swallow his
    load, but that was where she was wrong. His sixteen-year-old balls
    were so full of jism that Helen almost choked trying to get it all
    down. It came so thick and fast that it caught her by surprise, and
    she managed to swallow only a fraction of the boy's hot spunk, the
    rest leaked out around his cock and dribbled down her chin.

       Helen licked it all up before sitting back in the passenger's seat
    and rearranging her clothes. Feelings of guilt quickly replaced the
    fading lust which had driven her earlier, and within seconds Helen
    wondered what had possessed her to molest her own son!  Dennis looked
    at his mother with a mixture of love and desire, but she avoided his
    eyes.

       "Thanks, Mom," he said quietly, stuffing his limp cock back into
    his pants.

       "It's getting dark," snapped Helen, acting as if nothing had
    happened. "We'd better get going."

       Dennis started the engine and pulled back out onto the highway,
    trying to figure out why his mother was suddenly so cold towards him
    after all they had just done together. He couldn't understand it. He
    was on top of the world, yet his mother acted like he'd just slapped
    her in the face. Then it dawned on him... she was feeling guilty! How
    could he reassure her? He didn't know.

       They drove in silence for hours before Dennis finally hunched his
    shoulders and said, "I'm too tired to drive any more, Mom!  You wanna
    take over for a while?"

       "No, sweetheart. I'm bushed as well. Let's get a hotel room and
    drive on in the morning."

       Dennis glanced at his mother.  `Well at least she's calling me
    'sweetheart' again', he thought hopefully... that was a start. At the
    next town, Dennis pulled into the carpark of the first hotel he could
    find. It was a fairly big hotel, complete with restaurant and lounge
    bar.

       "Let's have dinner at the restaurant, honey," suggested Helen
    after they had registered. "Okay, Mom," he smiled, "I'm famished!"

       Helen wasn't amused. She remembered saying that just before she
    went down on him in the car, and by the silly smile on her son's
    face, he knew it too... it only made her feel worse about what they'd
    done.

       "I need a drink to relax before we eat. You don't mind, do you?"

       "No, Mom, go ahead," answered Dennis.

       The one drink before dinner turned into an even dozen. After the
    fourth, she ordered one for Dennis every other round. Dennis was
    feeling quite good and Helen was tipsy by the time dinner arrived.
    The liquor stimulated Dennis' appetite, and he ate ravenously. After
    their meal, they each had two more drinks before leaving. Dennis had
    never seen his mother tight before, and on their way back, Helen
    stumbled and almost fell. Dennis put his arm around her, his hand
    snugged against the underside of one breast. As his voluptuous mother
    leaned heavily against him, Dennis brought his other hand up to
    steady her but instead it slid onto her left tit.

       Instinctively the boy cupped the swelling curve of his mother's
    breast. It felt big and soft and incredibly warm under his fingers,
    so throwing caution to the wind, Dennis squeezed it a little as they
    walked towards the elevator. As he had suspected during dinner, his
    mother wasn't wearing a bra, and Dennis could feel her prominent
    nipple digging into the palm of his hand through the thin fabric of
    her blouse.

       Through a cloudy haze, Helen felt her son's hand squeezing her
    tit, but she was too sozzled to care... besides, it felt good, she
    thought... very good. When she didn't object, Dennis got a little
    more daring and dropped his hand to his mother's compact little
    behind, stroking and fondling her lusciously firm asscheeks through
    her the excitingly silky material of her dress. He looked around
    guiltily as they went, hoping nobody was watching. His cock felt like
    a steel bar in his pants. Luckily the front desk was unattended, so
    Dennis just hurried past, half lifting, half dragging his
    semi-conscious mother.

       Somehow with her son's help, Helen managed to stagger as far as
    the elevator. However once inside, her legs, which had been rubbery
    at best, buckled completely, and Dennis only just managed to catch
    his mother before she collapsed on the floor. He held her tightly
    against him as he punched in the number of their floor, looking about
    cautiously. The doors seemed to take forever to close, making Dennis
    worry that someone else would decide to take the same elevator.
    Luckily nobody did, and Dennis breathed an audible sigh of relief
    when the doors finally closed in front of him. As the elevator moved
    off, Helen seemed to recover a little and suddenly tried to stand up,
    catching her son off balance as she lurched heavily against him.

       "Easy, Mom!", Dennis gasped, as her weight forced him back against
    the wall.

       As Dennis held onto his mother tightly, trying to support her, he
    became aware of her hard tits crushed against his chest and his cock
    pressing into her belly. Loosing his grip, he tried to get her to
    stand up.

      "Come on, Mom! Help me here!", grunted Dennis trying to lift her.
    "Stand up goddamit!"

       Helen opened her eyes and tried to focus them on her son, but it
    was no use. Her head was spinning. She stood up and managed to hold
    onto her son, supporting herself without help for the first time
    since they left the restaurant. Through an alcohol muddled brain,
    Helen felt two muscular arms holding her, and a strong male body
    pressed hard against hers. She moaned with pleasure and wrapped her
    arms around her son's neck, passionately returning his embrace. She
    didn't care who it was, not even where she was, only that it felt
    absolutely wonderful!

       Dennis felt suddenly embarrassed at having his mother crawling all
    over him in a public place. He looked around... well almost a public
    place, he conceded. Helen was hot, very hot, and right now she didn't
    care who took care of the frustrating itch in her cunt. As the
    initial embarrassment was replaced by desire for his beautiful, sexy
    mother, Dennis began to respond. His hands dropped to her thighs,
    sliding up underneath her short dress to squeeze and fondle her
    squirming asscheeks, at the same time pulling her cunt harder against
    his cock. Helen moaned louder and nuzzled his neck, grinding her
    crotch against the rockhard bulge in the front of the boy's pants.

      "Ummm,.. n..nice.... nice hard cock!", she muttered, rubbing
    herself against the her son like a two dollar whore. Her hands were
    all over him, her hot mouth covering his neck with burning kisses as
    they writhed together in a stirring, passionate embrace. Dennis
    wanted to whisper his desires into his mother's ear but thought
    better of it. In her state, he wasn't even sure she knew it was her
    own son she was coming on to. If she realized that, she might get
    another attack of the guilts, and Dennis didn't want that right now!

       Instead he concentrated on the exciting contact of her pussy
    against his cock even if it was through several layers of cloth, it
    sure felt good! He slipped his fingers under the leg-elastic of her
    panties on both sides and massaged his mother's naked ass under her
    dress. The extra tension pulled Helen's panties hard into her crotch,
    making her whimper with lust as it pressed against her protuding
    clit.

       So intense was their mutual arousal, that they didn't even feel
    the elevator stopping. But as the doors opened, Dennis looked up with
    a startled glance and saw that it wasn't their floor. He had no time
    to do anything before an old lady entered. She didn't seem to pay
    them any attention at all. She simply pressed a floor button and
    stood patiently for the doors to close. Dennis was scared, if anybody
    realized that the woman grinding her crotch so sensuously against
    his, was his own mother, he was sure all hell would break loose. He
    tried to think clearly, but it was difficult because his mother
    wouldn't stop necking. She was making loud moaning noises and
    squirming her cunt against his cock like crazy.

       The woman coughed and glanced furtively in their direction, a look
    of disgust on her sour old features. Then Dennis realized that the
    woman couldn't see his mother's face... nor much of his for that
    matter. 'Maybe if I pretend we're just a couple of young lovers,
    she'll be none the wiser,' he thought desperately. His mother's slim,
    athletic figure wouldn't give them away... as long as she didn't say
    anything or turn around. Dennis couldn't take that chance. He lowered
    his mouth to his mother's lips and kissed her passionately, peeking
    occasionally over her shoulder at the old woman. The woman looked
    away and stared at the floor indicator with a disgusted look on her
    face. His plan was working.

       Helen responded to her son's kiss by thrusting her tongue halfway
    down the boy's throat, and the more they kissed, the more Dennis
    forgot exactly why he had kissed her in the first place. His hands
    were still under his mother's dress, and Dennis dug his fingers
    deeply into her soft yielding ass-flesh, rubbing his hard prick
    suggestively against his mother's eager crotch. Dennis was so excited
    by now, he completely forgot the old woman was there and reached down
    between his mother's thighs to feel her cunt. She was very, very
    wet... so wet, Dennis could feel the moisture seeping through her
    tight panties... and hot too... hot as an oven! He felt like pulling
    his cock out and fucking her right here and now, on the elevator
    floor, and probably would have if not for the nosy woman standing
    next to them.

       By the time the old woman reached her floor, the excited pair were
    once again too engrossed with each other to notice. She got out
    mumbling something about 'public indecency', and the doors closed
    behind her. Two floors up, the elevator doors opened again, and it
    was only when they were just about to close that Dennis realized it
    was their floor.

       "Come on Mom. We gotta get out now!", said Dennis as he hurried
    out of the elevator, pulling his mother along behind him. Helen
    muttered something unintelligible as her son dragged her down the
    hallway. She was still in a daze from the booze she's consumed, but
    the fires of lust her son had ignited, still raged in her hotly
    aroused cunt.

       When they got to their room, Dennis unlocked the door and helped
    his mother inside, lowered her gently onto the bed. She sprawled
    drunkenly, her skirt bunching up around her narrow waist. Dennis lay
    down on the bed beside her, unable to take his eyes from his mother's
    inviting crotch, his hard cock compressed uncomfortably by the
    tightness of his jeans.

       "Mom?", whispered Dennis, shaking his mother's shoulder gently.
    Helen mumbled and tried to sit up, but instead flopped back on the
    bed in a drunken stupor. Dennis shook her shoulders, a little harder
    this time.

       "Come on Mom, you've got to get changed for bed.", he said loudly,
    trying to wake her, but this time there was no reply. His mother
    seemed to have passed out.

       Dennis kept staring at her thrusting tits and the damp crotch of
    her silk panties... so shamelessly exposed. With shaking hands, he
    unbuttoned his mother's blouse, and feasted his eyes on her big,
    creamy tits. The prominent nipples were hard and erect, a clear sign
    to the young boy that even in her sleep, his mother was still
    aroused. Dennis reached out with both hands and cupped her naked
    breasts, squeezing them sensuously until his semi-conscious mother
    began to moan and writhe her hips with delight. It gave the boy a
    perverse kind of thrill to know that he could still excite his
    mother, even in her sleep. His young cock twitched with desire, and
    Dennis automatically dropped a hand to the large, throbbing bulge in
    his crotch.

       His mother groaned and tried to roll over onto her side, but
    Dennis pushed her onto her back.... he hadn't finished with her yet.
    In fact, he was just getting started!  Breathing deeply, Dennis slid
    a hand up over her bare inner thigh, rubbing and stroking until his
    fingers brushed against the thin material of her panties. He cupped
    her exposed cuntmound and squeezed gently, excited by the wet heat
    emanating from his mother's silk-encased twat. Helen was still in a
    daze, vaguely aware of the insistent pressure against her heated
    cunt. Her son on the other hand was in a state of high excitement.
    Squeezing his mother's cunt like this was driving the boy wild, and
    as he fondled her, his other hand was busy rubbing his swollen prick
    through the tight crotch of his pants.

       Slowly, Dennis ran a finger up over his mother's panty-covered
    cunt, tracing the moist groove of her slit with the tip of his
    finger. Helen responded by moaning groggily and spreading her thighs
    wider, unconsciously inviting her son to go further. Even though she
    was out to it, Dennis could feel his mother becoming aroused by his
    intimate touch as she hunched her cunt instinctively up against his
    hand, desperate for penetration.

       "Mmmmmmmm! Ohhhhhh! Jesus, I need a cock! ... ummmm... Gimme a
    good fuck!", moaned Helen drunkenly. Grabbing her son's hand, she
    pressed it savagely into her cunt, trying to push his fingers right
    through the juice soaked fabric of her panties.

       "God, you're wet, Mom!", Dennis moaned, rubbing his mother's hot,
    quivering slit.

       It was obvious she wanted a cock badly, and mother or not, he
    couldn't wait to give it to her. Standing up, Dennis quickly
    undressed, tossing his clothes carelessly around the room in his
    frenzied haste. Within seconds he stood naked beside the bed, staring
    down at the sexy body of his half-unconscious mother, his huge, erect
    cock sticking out powerfully from between his muscular young thighs.
    Dennis crawled back onto the bed and boldly grasped the waistband of
    his mother's panties, pulling the thin, wet garment down over her
    thighs and off over her ankles.

       He stared with lust-glazed eyes at his mother's naked cunt, his
    hard, young cock throbbing wildly between his legs. Next he pulled
    off her skirt and then her blouse, until at last, she was completely
    naked, spread out on the bed before him like a nude goddess... the
    goddess of sex! Dennis wasted no time in feeling his mother up. He
    ran his hands all over her body, rubbing her thighs, fingering her
    cunt and squeezing her tits. Grabbing her hand, Dennis wrapped his
    mother's fingers around his cock, holding her fist in place until he
    felt her fingers begin to squeeze his prick of their own accord.

       "I've gotta fuck you, Mom!", he said aloud. "I've just gotta know
    what it feels like to fuck your hot, juicy cunt!"

       Helen only mumbled in her sleep and tightened her fingers around
    his cock. Dennis knelt between his mother's wide-spread thighs and
    put her other hand around his prick too. It grasped her son's long,
    hard shaft automatically, somehow sensing what to do even in her
    sleep. Dennis leaned forwards and lowered his cock towards his
    mother's cunt. He didn't even have to find the hole. As soon as the
    tip of his prick touched her cuntlips, Helen's hands unconsciously
    guided her son's dick into her waiting twat. She moaned as Dennis
    thrust inside, filling her cunt with ten throbbing inches of rockhard
    prick

       "Uhhhhhhhh, Mom! Jesus! I'm in your cunt!... I'm in your hot,
    fuckin' cunt, Mom.... all the way!.... Ohhhhh, Godddddd!"

       Helen's eyes were still closed, but as soon as her son's cock slid
    into her ever-ready snatch, her hips lifted off the bed and her hands
    left his cock, going instead to his hips, pulling the boy against
    her, urging her son to fuck her deeply. Even in her alcoholic stupor,
    Helen knew a good cock when she felt one... and this was a very good
    cock. Dennis fucked his mother with long, deep strokes, enjoying the
    hotness of her forbidden cunt stretched tightly around his plunging
    dick. Helen soon began to respond to the wild fucking she was
    getting, and bucked her hips up off the bed, shoving her cunt upwards
    in time with her son's hard, downward thrusts.

       "That's it!", grunted Dennis, shafting his mother deeply. "Throw
    that pussy up at me, baby! Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, Christ, what a tight,
    hot little cunt!!"

       Helen was rapidly sobering up. The cock in her cunt felt good...
    very good, and by the time she opened her eyes and realized fully
    who's cock it really was, Helen was past caring. But still, she made
    the effort to sound shocked.

       "Dennis!... Jesus, what are you doing?", she stammered stupidly.

       "I'm fucking you, Mom!", replied her son, wondering if his mother
    was going to suddenly change her mind again. "You don't want me to
    stop, do you?"

       Helen moaned deep in her throat as Dennis paused for a moment, his
    huge cock still throbbing way up inside her cunt.

       "No! Don't stop!", gasped Helen, wrapping her long legs around her
    son's waist. "I don't want you to ever stop fucking me, darling!"

       "Now you're talking, Mom!", smiled Dennis once more resuming his
    powerful cock-thrusts.

       He watched the expression of lust on his mother's face deepen as
    he began to fuck her vigorously, his thick cock filling and
    stretching her tight, wet cunthole more and more with each energetic
    stroke. With the strength of a young bull, Dennis fucked his mother's
    juicy, gaping twat, causing Helen to cry out, panting and twisting
    beneath her son in a wild paroxysm of wanton, incestuous pleasure.
    She began to sob, but wasn't sure if it was in shame or ecstasy. She
    clawed at her son's back, leaving livid red marks as her long
    fingernails dug into his skin.

       Dennis didn't even notice. He was to engrossed in ramming his dick
    up his mother's wonderful cunt to feel anything except her tight, wet
    heat squeezing his pounding cock. She wasn't quite as tight as his
    sister, he noted, but his thick young cock was more than big enough
    to ensure a nice snug fit. Besides, what his mother's cunt lacked in
    tightness, was more than compensated for by the way she used it. Her
    hips moved in time with his rapid strokes, grinding round and round
    even as her ass lunged up and down to meet his thrusting prick, and
    all the time, her cunt-muscles squeezed his deeply buried cock in
    hot, rippling waves. Helen's cunt was on fire, very slippery with
    wetness , and her clit stuck out like a little hard-on, rubbing the
    shaft of his cock.

       "Oooooooh, my darling baby!!!!", squealed Helen, enjoying the feel
    of her son's thick cock as it slammed repeatedly into her upthrust
    cunt. "What a gorgeous big prick!... Jesus, what has Momma been
    missing all this time!"


       The friction of his cockshaft along the sensitive lips of her slit
    made Helen's mind spin, and she humped her cunt up at him as hard as
    she could, no longer caring that it was her own son who was fucking
    her so deliciously. Dennis grabbed his mother's ass with both hands
    and jabbed her harder.

       "Do you like that, Mom!", he grunted, fucking her deeply. "Do you
    like my hard cock up your hot cunt, Mom?"

       Helen's eyes bulged as she felt her son's enormous prick fuck deep
    into her pussy, his swollen young balls slapping lewdly against her
    satiny ass.

       "Uhhhhhhhh, yesssss! I love it, Dennis! Mmmmmm, fuck me, baby!...
    Fuck your mother... fuck her good!" she hissed. "Give it to me hard,
    baby! Make me feel good again, make momma come with your big fat
    dick. Ohhhhh, darling, that feels so good! Don't hold off, keep
    going, faster.... I'm almost there... fuck me, come inside my cunt.
    Ummmmm, your cock feels so good, son! I've needed this all day! I....
    I.... oh, yes, yes, I'm..... Goddamn, fuck me faster.... I'm almost
    there!"

       Dennis looked down between his mother's splayed legs, watching his
    cock fuck in and out of her cunt. The soft, hairy lips clung to the
    glistening shaft of his dick, and more creamy wetness was building up
    at the base. He loved the way his mother's cunt stretched and gripped
    his prick, and the more he watched the arousing spectacle, the more
    his excitement mounted.

       "Ohhhhhh, God, Mom!", groaned Dennis suddenly. "You're so fuckin'
    hot! I can't take it any more!... I'm gonna come!"

       "No, no!  Not yet, baby!", gasped his mother. "Hold back just a
    little bit longer. Momma won't be long!"

       Sobbing in ecstasy, Helen lifted her legs, drawing her knees back,
    shoving her cunt up at her son's lunging cock, trying to get the
    extra-deep penetration that always set her off. The pounding of his
    hips drove the air from her lungs as Helen whipped her ass around in
    a frenzy, moaning and whimpering loudly as she hunched her cunt
    frantically up at her son's stabbing cock. She wanted to call out to
    him, to urge him to fuck her deeper, harder, faster, but the words
    wouldn't come.

       Helen was on fire, her cunt burning up with the hot, hungry fires
    of lust her young son had ignited. The moist warm channel which had
    given Dennis life, now gave him the ultimate pleasure, clasping at
    the boy's cock as he pulled out, and expanding to take it deep when
    he plunged back down. Both mother and son were close to orgasm, only
    a few more strokes now and both would explode violently in their
    first incestuous encounter.

       "Mom! Oh, Jesus! I can't help it. I'm gonna come! Uhhhh, come with
    me, Mom!" Sensing her own orgasm to be just as close, Helen drew her
    knees further back, offering her pussy to the frenzied thrusts of her
    son's jerking cock.

       "Dennny! Oooooh, Denny! Yessss! Come in me, baby! Come in momma's
    hot cunt!"

       Time seemed suspended as the fucking pair did everything in their
    power to prolong the exquisite moment. Dennis was grunting, his hips
    darting back and forth, his cum-swollen cock stretching and filling
    his mother's cunt with hot, throbbing hardness. Helen felt as if her
    whole body was melting. Her eyes went out of focus, and she lifted
    her cunt high, groaning out a low, deep sound of shameless ecstasy as
    her son rammed his spurting cock deep into her shuddering body. Helen
    flung her hands down his body to grab his jerking ass and pull him
    into her as hard as she could. Her body stiffened as her pussy
    exploded, squeezing and gripping her son's cock wildly. A scream tore
    from her throat as she came, writhing urgently against him, her hands
    clawing at his ass, still trying to get his young cock into her
    spasming, twitching cunt as deeply as possible.

       With a loud yell, Dennis arched his back and hunched forwards,
    sending thick, scalding jets of cum-juice into his mother's
    contracting cunt. The hot spurts sent Helen into shuddering spasms of
    rapture, her orgasm increasing in intensity tenfold. Dennis grabbed
    his mother's tits and squeezed tightly, sending a sharp pain through
    them. But Helen hardly felt it. Instead she cried out in ecstasy,
    straining even harder onto her son's squirting cock. Dennis let out
    his breath slowly, his cock deflating slowly inside his mother's
    still-quivering cunt. He suddenly became weak, and his arms
    collapsed. Helen grunted as his weight settled, her legs sliding down
    his body to rest on the bed. She ran her fingers over his body,
    caressing his naked back.

       "Oh, baby! That was fantastic!", Helen murmured, planting hot
    kisses the boy's sweaty forehead. "You fucked momma like a real stud,
    honey!"

       "I liked it too, Mom!", replied Dennis. He looked into his
    mother's eyes.

       "No guilty feelings this time, Mom?"

       Helen hugged her son as hard as she could. She knew that from now
    on she would feel no shame in what they'd done, only a new kind of
    love.

       "No, darling", she whispered. "No guilt anymore... just
    happiness!"

       "Me too, Mom!", replied Dennis, kissing his mother passionately.

       When his cock slid limply from her cunt, Dennis rolled off and let
    his mother sit up.

       "How's your head, Mom?", asked Dennis, smiling broadly.

       "Ummm, I don't know why, but it feels like a goddamn truck ran
    over it." Dennis laughed and sat up.

       "I know why," he grinned. "You must have drunk a whole bottle of
    scotch tonight, Mom."

       "Ooooooh, it feels like it too!", said Helen, trying to stand up.
    "How did you get me up here? I don't remember a thing."

       Dennis told his mother everything that had happened from when they
    left the restaurant... the ride up in the elevator... the old
    woman... and above all the way she turned him on so much he simply
    had to fuck her.

       "I'm glad you did, son," smiled Helen. "I enjoyed every wonderful
    second of it!... Mmmmmm, that bit in the elevator sounds kinky. Let's
    do that again, but next time when I'm sober, okay?"

       "You bet!", said Dennis enthusiastically. "Hey, Mom, wanna take a
    shower with me? You look like you need it to clear your head."

       Helen looked at her son's naked body, his cock had shrivelled to a
    fraction of its former glory... but still, the sight of it was enough
    to get her cunt-juices flowing like mad.

       "Okay! Sounds like fun," she said, marvelling at how quickly she
    felt like sex with him again.

       With her husband, one good fuck was usually enough to satisfy her
    for the rest of the night, but the perverted excitement of fucking
    her virile young son was such a big turn-on that Helen wanted more!
    In fact, she was hoping he would want to fuck and suck her all night
    long... and knowing the sexual prowess of sixteen-year old boys, she
    was sure her son could do it too. Helen shivered with anticipation.

       She followed Dennis into the bathroom, staring at his tight,
    muscular young ass as he bent forward to turn on the shower.

       "Do you like it hot, Mom?", he asked innocently, adjusting the
    water pressure to a comfortable level.

       "Mmmmmmmm!", purred his mother walking seductively towards him. "I
    like it as hot and as often as I can get it, darling.... especially
    with you!"

       Dennis saw the sexy gleam in her eye and smiled, his young cock
    stiffening automatically. As his mother approached, he backed into
    the shower stall and waited for her to enter, the hot water cascading
    down his lean, naked body.

       "Don't run away, dear," giggled Helen. "Momma's not gonna bite
    you... ummmm, at least, not much anyway."

       She stepped into the shower with him, gasping a little as the
    water hit her, and pressed her wet body against him, her arms going
    around his waist. Her son was a little taller than she was, so Helen
    had to stretch a bit to kiss him. Her tongue slithered into his
    mouth, running over his teeth and darting down his throat. Dennis
    returned his mother's kiss passionately, and soon they were moaning
    and writhing together under the hard, steamy spray. Helen reached
    down and curled her fingers around his cock and balls, squeezing
    gently, making her son moan deeply into her mouth. Dennis broke the
    hot tongue-kiss and dropped a hand to his mother's cunt.

       "Oh, Mom! Jesus, I want to fuck you again!", he breathed into her
    ear.

       "I know, honey!...", gasped Helen as she felt her son's fingers
    slide deliciously into her hot slit. "I want it, and you want it, so
    we can have it, son! We're together... no one else to worry about....
    all alone, and we can do anything we want." Her fingers jerked his
    cock to full erection.

       "Oh Fuck!... Yes, Mom! I want to do it all!", moaned Dennis
    stabbing three fingers into her juicy cunt. "I want to do everything
    with you! I just hope it doesn't get out of hand."

       Helen giggled wantonly.

       "Not out of my hand, it isn't!" She gripped her son's cock hard
    and pumped it vigorously. "I want it in my hand... or better still,
    in my cunt!"

       "No, I meant the feelings I have for you, Mom!", said Dennis. "I
    want to do all sorts of nasty things to you, and I'm afraid it might
    get out of hand."

       "Oh, baby, I'd love that!", she purred. "I'd love it very much if
    it got out of hand, honey! I want to be wild and loose and let you do
    nasty things to me. Just as long as you make me come like you did
    before, darling!"

       "Oh, Mom!", groaned Dennis pushing his mother down until she was
    on knees in front of him. He grabbed her face in both hands and
    thrust his cock into her mouth before she quite knew what was
    happening. "Suck it! Suck my cock, Mom! Suck my fuckin' cock!"

       Helen almost choked as her son drove the head of his cock into her
    throat. She'd had cock's in her mouth before, so that was nothing
    startling to her, but his sudden violence was. Her lips stretched
    around the base of her son's prick. His balls were hot on her chin,
    and her mouth was very, very full.

       The water cascading down Dennis' body helped to lubricate his big
    cock as it slid in and out of his mother's mouth. He stared at her
    with a wild look in his eyes, enjoying the feel of his huge prick
    throbbing deep in her hot, velvet throat. His hands were behind her
    head, pressing his mother's face into his crotch as he fucked his
    young cock between her tight, ovaled lips. Helen slid her palms up
    over her son's thighs and cupped his slippery, wet asscheeks with
    both hands. She squeezed him, and with a grunt, Dennis began to fuck
    harder, ramming his cock down her throat almost savagely.

       "Suck, damn you!", he growled. "Suck my cock, hard!...... Eat
    dick, Mom!... Oh, Jesus, yessssss!... Make me come in your hot,
    fuckin' mouth, baby!

       Helen moaned as her son's huge cock collided with the back of her
    throat, pushing deeper with each lunge. She closed her lips tightly
    around it, her tongue pushing his prick to the roof of her mouth,
    making it as tight for him as she possibly could. Her lips tingled
    with the hard, hot taste, reminding Helen that she loved sucking
    cock. In fact, she had sucked many cocks, but she had never once let
    the guy come in her mouth. She felt her cunt twitch with a strange,
    wanton feeling. Her son's cock felt better and tasted better than any
    of the others... including her husband. She tried to tell herself it
    was because he was so young, but deep down inside Helen knew it was
    because the cock sliding down her willing, eager throat belonged to
    her own son. The excitement of incest was suddenly like a powerful
    drug to her, and it obviously had the same effect on Dennis too.

       Helen loved the way her son was acting, forcing her to suck him.
    She became submissive, letting her emotions soar. She knelt before
    him, letting the boy fuck her mouth as hard and as fast as he wanted,
    and her cunt reacted in ways she had never felt before. With a deep
    moan, Helen slid a hand down to her wet, matted crotch and inserted
    two fingers deep into her blazing cunt. Dennis looked down between
    his mother's jiggling tits, and gazed with excitement as Helen
    shamelessly thrust her fingers in and out of her highly aroused twat.

       "Ohhh, yeah! Do it to yourself, Mom!" groaned Dennis, watching her
    intently. His cock was still pumping into her mouth, strong and hard
    as she stared at his mother expertly finger-fuck herself.

       "Mmmmmmmm, I bet your pussy is all hot and wet and juicy...", he
    grinned. "Nice and ready for my big hard cock, right Mom?"

       Helen looked up at her son through the fine mist billowing about
    them and nodded, moaning in frustration around his thrusting prick.
    Helen wanted to beg her son to stick his cock into her cunt and fuck
    her, but she couldn't answer because the boy wouldn't let her mouth
    off his hard prick. Dennis was teasing her, she knew it, but in her
    present state, that only seemed to excite her more, and soon she was
    shoving her whole hand into her tightly stretched cunt, trying to
    simulate a huge fucking cock. Dennis held his mother's head with both
    hands, fucking her mouth hard, the soft whimpering sounds she was
    making, and her lush tits rubbing provocatively against this thighs,
    adding greatly to his already considerable excitement.

       Dennis grunted as his cock slammed brutally in and out of his
    mother's mouth. Although he loved her dearly, he was so fully aroused
    that at the moment he didn't care if he was hurting her, as long as
    she didn't stop sucking his cock! He had always enjoyed getting his
    cock sucked, but this was different. The girls who usually sucked him
    off treated his cock like a lollypop, kissing and licking and teasing
    it only enough to get it hard enough to stick up their tight young
    cunts. His mother was giving him the first REAL cock-suck of his
    life, and Dennis was enjoying it to the max! Helen was enjoying it
    too, and the more she felt the boy's balls bouncing against her chin,
    the deeper she swallowed his cock, burying her nose into his bushy
    wet pubic hair with every lunge.

       "That's it, Mom! Suck it hard! Suck my prick and make me come, you
    horny slut!", said her son with loud groan. "Eat my hot, fuckin'
    meat, bitch!

       Helen gazed up at him with a look of smouldering lust on her
    beautiful young face. If anyone else had spoken to her like that, she
    would have felt degraded and dirty, but with him it was different.
    When her son said it, Helen only felt her pussy tingle with wanton
    excitement. By now, her hand was almost completely buried in the
    frothy, squirming hole between her legs. Her brain reeled with lewd
    ecstasy at the thought of her son's hot, creamy sperm squirting into
    her mouth. Helen made soft whimpering sounds around the thick shaft
    fucking her lips and grasped her son's jiggling ballbag. It was
    slippery from the water running down his lean body, and Helen cupped
    the hairy sack, squeezing her son' swollen balls as she took the
    heavy thrusts of his eager young cock all the way down her throat.

       "Ohhhh, yeah! Squeeze my nuts, Mom!", Dennis cried out. "I'm so
    fuckin' close it hurts!"

       Helen was more than close, her hand was a almost a blur as it
    fucked in and out of her cunt, her son's words helping to send her
    over the edge. She came hard, almost biting her son's cock as she
    temporarily lost control and let her teeth graze up and down his
    thrusting cockshaft.

       "Ahhhhhhhhhh! God! Jesus, baby! That almost made me come!",
    screamed Dennis. Helen realized how close her son had actually come
    when she suddenly experienced the warm salty taste of his pre-cum on
    her tongue. It made her cunt quiver with anticipation. She dragged
    her teeth along his cock again, this time on purpose and the result
    was the same.

       Without warning, Dennis cried out, stabbing his mother's face with
    stronger thrusts. Helen felt his prick jerk in her mouth, and for a
    brief moment, tried to pull off. But Dennis was holding her too
    tightly, one hand at the back of her head, the other on her chin. Her
    lips were being bruised as he banged violently against them, but
    Helen felt no pain. She was burning up. Her mouth ached, her nipples
    tingled, and her cunt ached for his fat young cock. She didn't know
    what to expect as her son came in her mouth, but there was little she
    could do to prevent it. He held her head in a vice-like grip, and she
    knew he wouldn't let her go until his cock had ceased spurting, and
    his young balls were empty. Helen gripped his asscheeks tightly and
    waited for the inevitable explosion.

       Dennis was moaning, his eyes blazing down at his kneeling mother,
    out of focus, wild-looking. She felt the boy's ass-muscles flex under
    her palms, and her lips stretched more than ever around his pounding
    cock as it began to swell suddenly, seeming to double in size. Helen
    was resigned to the fact that her son was going to come in her mouth,
    in fact she was beginning to like the idea, the thought of swallowing
    her own son's sperm made her cunt crawl with delicious, incestuous
    lust. Helen wrapped her arms around her son's lurching ass, and clung
    to him as she fucked faster and faster into her mouth.

       "AHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGHHH! JESUS, HERE IT FUCKIN' COMES!", Dennis
    yelled. "GET READY, MOM! GET READY TO TAKE IT ALL, YOU GORGEOUS
    COCK-SUCKING CUUUUUNNNT!"

       Helen wasn't ready, but there was no way she could tell her son.
    Her arms tightened around his naked ass, and her eyes closed as she
    felt his cock pulse wildly between her lips. She heard him give a
    yelp, and shuddered as jet after jet of hot, teenage spunk erupted
    from the end of her son's hard, pistoning cock. To keep from choking,
    Helen swallowed as Dennis kept fucking her face, his movements jerky.
    Squirt after hot, sticky squirt shot into her mouth, coating her
    tongue and the insides of her cheeks. Helen gulped loudly as her
    mouth filled with her son's creamy seed. It was difficult to swallow
    when he pushed the head of his cock into her throat, but she found it
    easier to do when he pulled back before another thrust.

       Helen swallowed down every drop, enjoying the lascivious act of
    consuming her own son's sperm immensely. Her cunt twitched and
    bubbled with desire as she savoured the excitingly masculine taste of
    him. Helen made a mental note of sucking him again the first chance
    she got.

       "Oooooh, yeah!", Dennis groaned, trembling as he pressed his cock
    deep into her slack mouth one last time. "Oh, Mom, that was fuckin'
    great! I've never been sucked like that before... Dad sure is one
    lucky son of a bitch!"

       Dennis looked down at her, seeing the unmistakable need reflected
    in his mother's deep blue eyes. His cock slipped from her mouth, but
    before it could go soft, Dennis pulled his mother to her feet and
    pushed her up against the shower wall, kissing her long and
    passionately.

       He loved the taste of his cock on her lips and thrust his tongue
    deep into her mouth to get more. Helen grabbed his cock. It was still
    hard and getting harder by the second. Dennis cupped his hands under
    the cheeks of his mother's ass and lifted her cunt up to the same
    level as his prick.

       "Uhhhhhh, Christ! I wanna fuck you in the cunt now, Mom!", Dennis
    grunted.

       "Ohhh, yes! Do it, darling!", gasped Helen, as she felt his
    cockhead nudge against her slit. "Fuck me! Screw me! Use me, son!
    Fill momma's cunt with your long, hard cock and fuck it hard! Mmmmm,
    show momma what a good fucker you are, baby!"

       Dennis didn't mess around, he was incredibly excited, and with a
    single tremendous lunge rammed his prick to the hilt inside his
    mother's juicy wet snatch.

       Helen squealed like a stick pig as her son's huge cock sliced into
    her cunt, and when he began thrusting deeply in and out, she could do
    nothing but hang on to his strong young shoulders and whimper with
    delight.

       "Feel good, Mom?", panted Dennis, ramming her ass against the
    tiled wall with every stroke, ignoring the the hot spray which stung
    his jerking ass.

       "Jesus, yesss!", gasped Helen. "That's it sweetheart, fuck me good
    and hard!"

       She rode her son's deep-pistoning cock with wails of pleasure, her
    tits squashing deliciously against his muscular young chest as the
    excited boy thrust his prick into her slippery twat like a machine
    out of control. Helen adored his rough, fast fucking. Her husband
    always took it slow, afraid of cumming to soon and not being able to
    get it up again, but young boys are different, and Helen knew that
    her son didn't care if he came, because at his age he would be ready
    to fuck again in a matter of minutes.

       She closed her eyes and forgot about her husband. In fact, she
    forgot about everything except the searing pleasure as her horny
    young son fucked her to the very brink of orgasm. It was a hard,
    quick fuck, and both of them were so turned on, that they climaxed
    within minutes. Helen came first, her hot and incredibly juicy cunt
    contracting around her son's cock with such intensity that Dennis
    climaxed on the spot.

       "Unnnnnhhhhhhh, God! Yeahhhhh! Oh, Dennis! Don't stop! Fuck it to
    me!", she howled. "I'm cummmmmmmmminggggggg! Ooooooooooooooh! Uhhhh!
    Uhhhh! Uhhhhhhh!"

       "Ahhhhhhhhhggggggghhhh, Jesus!", Dennis screamed, as he fucked
    into her faster and faster. "Your cunt feels so tight! Oooooh, fuck!
    I'm coming too!"

        Helen sobbed with ecstasy as her son's cock twitched and jerked,
    pumping blast after blast of boiling-hot jism deep into her orgasming
    cunt. Although she'd just had a cunt-wrenching climax, Helen was
    still unbelievably aroused. The booze was wearing off but the
    excitement of fucking her own son had transformed her. Helen was
    insatiable! She wanted her son to fuck her again and again and
    again... she wanted him to do all sorts of depraved, indecent things
    to her... in fact the more depraved the better... and anything he
    didn't already know about sex, she was going to teach him. After all
    isn't that what mother's are for, thought Helen with a wicked little
    smile. He son's breath in her ear brought her back to reality.

       "Mmmmm! Shit, that was a good one!", he whispered. "How 'bout for
    you, Mom?"

       "The best, darling!", panted Helen. "You sure know how to excite a
    woman!"

       Dennis ground his hips against his mother's juice-smeared crotch,
    his cock still twitching deep in her cunt.

       "We aim to please, Mam!", grinned Dennis, feeling his mother's
    body begin to respond once more.

       "Oh, baby!... you sure pleased me!", gasped Helen, writhing
    against him. She tongue-kissed her son passionately, and it seemed
    like a long time before she reluctantly pulled away, and looked
    seductively up into his eyes. "God, you make me so damn hot, Denny!",
    admitted Helen, seeing the same lust reflected in her son's eyes. "Do
    you want to fuck me again, sweetheart?"

       "Shit, Mom! Do I ever!"

       "Good! 'Cause, to tell you the truth, honey, I haven't felt this
    horny since my wedding night, and boy did your father ever have his
    work cut out for him that night!"

       Helen noticed a look of jealousy cross her son's face for an
    instant.

       "Dad's not here, Mom! I am, and I'm gonna fuck you better than he
    ever did!"

       Helen hugged her son tightly and covered his neck and cheeks with
    hot, fervent kisses, her cunt itching with the expectation of some
    deliciously exhausting sex with her handsome young son. They washed
    each other lovingly, both becoming equally excited by the other's
    intimate touch. As they dried each other off, Helen said, "You go and
    get into bed, honey. I'll be right there. I just want to freshen up a
    bit, okay?"

       "Okay, Mom! But if you're not there in one minute, I'm gonna start
    without you!" grinned Dennis giving his mother's pert, round ass a
    playful squeeze. Helen laughed and pushed her son out of the
    bathroom, closing the door behind him. She had something special in
    mind that was sure to turn them both on something fierce.

       Dennis lay on his back on the bed, rubbing his cock to keep it
    erect while he waited for his mother to come out of the bathroom. He
    couldn't figure out what was taking her so long, and was just about
    to go find out when the bathroom door opened. Dennis gasped aloud and
    just stared as his mother appeared, silhouetted in the doorway. She
    was wearing only a pink lace nightgown, lace panties, and stockings
    complete with matching lace garter belts. Helen hadn't bothered to
    put on a bra under her gown, knowing full well that her flawlessly
    shaped tits would be clearly visible. It had the desired effect.
    Dennis' mouth watered at the sight of his mother's large succulent
    nipples pressing against the filmy, clinging fabric.

       Helen's gown was so short it barely made it to her navel, and
    Dennis could see his mother's dark cunt-bush peeking seductively
    through the almost transparent crotch of her tight panties. He could
    see now why his mother had taken so long, but suddenly, Dennis didn't
    care anymore! She looked utterly fantastic... the brief, sexy
    underwear made her seem more like some erotic Playboy pin-up than his
    own mother! God, she was beautiful!

       Helen became excited by the effect she was having on her young
    son. His gaze wouldn't keep still, darting from her face to her tits
    to her cunt and back again, devouring her body with his eyes. The
    more obviously aroused her son became, the more excited it made Helen
    feel. Her cunt began to seep hot juices into the crotch of her
    panties as the very thought of fucking him again filled her brain
    with hot, insatiable lust. Dennis crawled to the edge of the bed
    facing his mother, and sat there stroking his huge erection, just
    staring at her as she walked slowly towards him.

       "Mmmmmmmmmmmm!", moaned Helen, staring at her son's fingers
    gliding up and down his hard cock. "Looks like you DID start without
    me, darling!"

       "No, Mom", gasped Dennis, staring at her jiggling tits and the
    tight, silky crotch of her panties. "I... uh.. I was just keeping it
    hard for you!"

       "Oooooh, Yeah! It's hard alright, baby!....", whispered Helen as
    she knelt before her excited young son, spreading his trembling knees
    wide apart. "... but I bet it'll get a lot harder if Momma sucks on
    it for while. Would you like that, sweetheart?" Helen wrapped her
    fingers around her son's stiff cock and jerked it as she waited for
    his reply.

       "Uhhh, Jesus, yes!", groaned Dennis, reaching up under his
    mother's gown to squeeze her luscious tits. "But I want to suck your
    cunt first, Mom!"

       "Oooooh, you dirty, dirty boy, Dennis!", giggled Helen, getting to
    her feet. "....fancy wanting to suck your mother's cunt!..... Mmmmmm,
    but Momma feel's real dirty tonight too! Come suck my pussy, baby!"

       Dennis dropped to his knees, eager to sample the flavour of his
    mother's incredibly juicy twat. Helen opened her legs wide and put
    her hands on the back of her son's head, guiding his mouth into her
    crotch.

       "Oooooo, yeahhhh! Sniff around a little and kiss my cunt, baby!",
    moaned Helen pressing the boy's lips to her moist, silk-encased
    groove. "Ummmmm! That's it, nibble at me through my panties before we
    take them off. Oh, God how I love a man's face between my legs!...
    Tease me, son!... tease Momma's hot cunt with your lips and tongue,
    and then I'll let you eat me properly!"

       Dennis cupped his mother's asscheeks with both hands as he ran his
    tongue back and forth along the soft, tender flesh of her inner
    thighs, working slowly up to the wet patch at her crotch. He kissed
    the swollen lips through the soggy material, then bit gently, first
    one lip then the other. Helen squealed with pleasure, pressing her
    crotch against her son's mouth with sudden, urgent desire. And in
    reply, Dennis drew the wet crotch-band of his mother's panties into
    his mouth and sucked at it, letting his tongue sneak in momentarily
    to stab at the frothy crevice of her delicious cunt.

       "Ohhhhhhh, my God, Dennis, you MUST have done this before!...
    Uhhhhh, take off my panties, baby! Take them off, now! I want your
    mouth there!... I want to be eaten!", hissed Helen. "... and don't
    worry, baby, I'm clean. I took a douche while I was in the bathroom."

       Dennis wasn't concerned about that, he loved the smell and taste
    of hot cunt, clean or otherwise, but now that he had a proper chance
    to sample his mother's aromatic hole, he liked it even better. Hers
    had the smell of a mature, randy woman... it was the smell of sex.
    And the taste too, the more taste the better. Dennis suddenly wished
    his mother hadn't taken a douche. As Dennis removed his mother's wet
    panties, the indescribably exciting odour of aroused cunt mixed with
    perfume wafted up from her steamy crotch.

       "Ooooh, kiss me down there a little bit more...", Helen murmured
    pushing her gooey slit into the boy's eager mouth. "...then I'll suck
    your cock, baby!" Helen thought she was in heaven with a hot, eager
    mouth on her pussy once more.

       Her son was no amateur, of that she was quite sure. He soon had
    his long, stiff tongue buried deeply in her sticky cunt, his nose
    rubbing excitingly on her clit as his lips sucked her hot, musky
    cuntflesh into his ravenous mouth. Helen could only stare down at the
    top of her son's bobbing head and moan at the wonderfully, perverted
    thrills his young tongue was producing in her bubbling sex cavity. It
    was as much the fact that the mouth on her cunt belonged to her own
    son as it was the sensations themselves that turned Helen on so
    powerfully.

       "Oh, Jesus! Dennis! Stick your tongue in deeper, darling!", she
    cried. "Fuck me with your tongue, son! Oh, God, how I love your mouth
    on my cunt! Uhhhhh, suck! Suck me hard, baby! Suck your mother! I'm
    so hot!... so fuckin' hot!"

        Dennis pressed his face eagerly into his mother's juicy pink slit
    and began licking and sucking as fast as he could, tongue-fucking her
    quivering cunt with all the strength in his young jaws. Helen tossed
    her head back and moaned loudly, shamelessly hunching and writhing
    her overheated twat against the boy's hungry, sucking mouth.

       "Oooooooooohh, yesssss! I love that, honey! Oh yeahhhh, suck
    momma's clit!"

       "Mmmmmmm! Juicy... juicy... hot.... pussy," slurped Dennis as he
    sucked the seething juices from his mother's drooling snatch. Helen
    looked down at her son's shaggy head bobbing joyfully between her
    quivering thighs.

       "You like the taste of mother's cunt, don't you, darling!", she
    breathed, grinding herself lewdly against her son's rapidly-working
    mouth.

       "Oh yeah, God I love it!", panted Dennis, looking up at her with
    wild, excited eyes. "Your pussy is sweet, Mom! So fuckin' sweet, I
    could suck you all night long!"

       "Ummmm, good!", sighed Helen. "'Cause you just might have to, the
    way I feel right now!... Jesus, I can hardly stand up! Let's get
    comfortable on the bed, baby. I want to suck your big cock while you
    finish eating me."

       The excited young lad couldn't believe his ears, and watched in
    disbelief as his beautiful naked mother climbed onto the bed and
    sprawled on her back. Helen could see that every move she made was
    turning her son on, more and more. He held his hard young cock in his
    left hand, moving his fist slowly but firmly up and down the huge
    shaft as he stared down at her. It looked huge, and the more she
    looked at it, the more Helen forgot about having him finish sucking
    her cunt!

       Watching the expression on her son's face, she let her slender
    naked thighs fall wide apart, giving the boy an excellent view of her
    moistly parted slit. Dennis moved towards the bed, rubbing his prick
    as he gazed hungrily at his mother's exposed cunt. He licked his
    lips, and Helen moaned deep in her throat at the thought of his long,
    hard tongue flicking around in her snatch once more. With her eyes
    fixed on her son's massive cock, Helen reached down between her
    creamy thighs and, using both hands, parted the juicy lips of her
    pussy for him, stroking her open, glistening cunt in wanton
    invitation. The look of lust on his handsome young face, and the
    urgency of his erection made Helen's throbbing twat tingle with need.

       "Ohhhh, Jesus! I need you in my cunt, Dennis!", hissed Helen.
    "Look how hot and wet my poor pussy is!.... I need that big, hard
    cock pounding away between my legs, baby!.... Uhhhhh, fuck me with
    it, son! Fuck me hard!"

       "Don't you want me to suck you off, Mom!", smiled Dennis.

       "We can do that later, dear!" replied his mother, her voice husky
    with desire. "But first, I need you to give me a quick, hard
    satisfying fuck!"

       "Ok, Mom!", grinned Dennis climbing onto the bed. "You're the
    boss!"

       He scrambled up between his mother's outstretched thighs and fell
    upon her, wasting no time with preliminaries, simply ramming his
    massive hardon to the hilt in her eagerly upthrust cunt.

       "Uhhhhhggggghhh! God, yes!", squealed Helen, as the boy's huge
    prick sliced deep into her aching cuntmound. "Now, fuck me,
    darling!... Fuck meeeeeeee!"

    Dennis knew from the tone of her voice, that his mother wanted only
    one thing... to come hard and fast... he was only too happy to oblige
    her!

       He began pumping his rigid young cock into his mother's squirming
    belly like a madman, fucking her seething cunt with deep powerful
    strokes that made Helen cry out with sheer pleasure. Dennis
    manipulated his body in jackknife fashion, sending surging stabs into
    her, fucking his sexy mother ever deeper, using his tool like a blunt
    weapon. It was the kind of weapon that Helen liked. Normally, thrusts
    as deep and as strong as her son was giving her, would have hurt, but
    Helen was excited beyond belief, and the slight pain only seemed to
    increase her incredible pleasure. She forgot about the rest of the
    world... about her daughter... even her husband!... all that mattered
    right now, was that her virile young son was giving her what she so
    desperately needed... a hot, hard all-consuming fuck!

       "Ohhhh, yeah! Move that ass for me, Mom!", grunted Dennis. "Move
    your tight, hot pussy around on my dick!... Fuck me back, Mom!...
    Fuck hard!"

       He needn't have urged her. His mother fucked him back like a bitch
    in heat, thrusting her pussy up at him with driving lunges until his
    cock was balls deep in her belly. Helen's tiny butt was squirming
    around like crazy as she tried to get her son's monstrous cock into
    every tight corner of her raging twat, every movement inspired by a
    lust to deep and hot, that there was simply no describing it! She had
    become totally dedicated to the pursuit of incestuous pleasure, and
    she knew by the way her son was fucking her, that the lusty youth
    shared their new-found pleasure with equal dedication.

       Dennis jammed his cock into his mother's cunt hard and fast,
    immensely excited by her frequent loud squeals of pleasure. He was
    like an untamed young animal driven wild with lust. He reached out
    and grabbed his mother's jiggling tits, kneading the firm, creamy
    mounds while he fucked her. Helen was in seventh heaven as her son's
    lengthy cock slammed time and time again into her frothy cunt, her
    heels locked together just behind his ass as she twisted her pretty
    butt to and fro beneath him.

       "Aggghhhhh!", she cried out as she felt the tip of his cock slam
    into the very mouth of her womb. "Ugggghhh! Now you're fucking me,
    honey, now you're really fucking momma's cunt! Oh, Christ you're big,
    son! ... so fucking big! Do it harder... harder! Deeper! I want your
    balls against my asshole!"

       He did exactly as he was told, fucking his mother as hard and as
    deep as he possibly could. The look on her face excited him even
    more.

       "Take it, Mom!" growled Dennis staring into her wide, shining
    eyes. "Take every fucking inch of it, right up your hot cunt! Uhhhh,
    what a juicy twat!"

       He looked down between their writhing bodies and watched his cock
    slicing back and forth inside her clasping, furr-lined slit. The
    sight inflamed him with such uncontrollable desire, that Dennis
    grabbed his mother's slender hips and pulled her crotch hard against
    his own with every stroke, stabbing his prick, into her cunt with
    even greater force. Helen arched her back and grunted out a steady
    stream of obcenities as she felt her son's lunging cock penetrate her
    tortured cunt-flesh to even more pleasurable depths.

       Her wild, incestuous passions gathered quickly into a hard,
    throbbing knot of tension deep in her belly and when she realized
    that she was on the verge of orgasm, Helen pulled her son's head down
    to her jiggling breasts and held him there.

       "Oooooh, baby, fuck me! I'm coming!", she whimpered. "Suck my
    tits! Unngghh! Yessss! Suck my tits and fuck my cunt! Make me come,
    you gorgeous prick!"

       Dennis sucked his her big tits into his mouth, biting and chewing
    the hard, rosy nipples as his mother's cunt bucked violently up
    against his pistoning cock. Although still a long way from his own
    climax, Dennis did everything he could to increase his mother's
    pleasure. Lengthening his cock-stabs, the boy began to grind his
    pubic bone against his mother's clit, fucking her with all his might.
    Within seconds, she began to shudder uncontrollably, her beautiful,
    athletic body stiffening under him.

       For Helen it was one of the best orgasms she had ever had. Her son
    was fucking her like an expert, and her climax seemed to last
    forever, becoming stronger and stronger with each successive thrust
    of his powerful young prick. Dennis was enthralled by the length and
    intensity of his mother's orgasm. She thrashed from side to side, her
    head tossing wildly and scream after scream erupted from her throat
    as the orgasm seized her like a dog shaking a bone.

       Dennis realized that his cock was producing a series of spasms
    deep inside her. He could feel his mother's convulsing cunt-muscles
    clamp tightly around his deeply buried prick as her pussy tried in
    vain to milk the cum from his lust-swollen balls. Looking down at
    her, Dennis felt proud that he could give his mother such intense
    sexual pleasure. He continued fucking her as she thrashed and tossed
    wildly underneath him, not slowing for an instant until her movements
    became more languid and she began going limp.

       "Ohhhh, baby!", panted his mother. "That was one hell of a good
    fuck!"

       "Glad you liked it, Mom," replied Dennis, flexing his still-hard
    cock inside her cunt.

       "I don't know where you learned to fuck like that, but I sure am
    happy you did, honey!.... I wish your father would fuck me like that
    more often."

       "I'm available any time, Mom!", Dennis said, grinning lewdly down
    at her.

       "Mmmmmmm, you sure are, sweetheart!", murmured his mother. She
    felt his young cock twitch powerfully in her belly and gasped;
    "Ohhhh, God, Dennis! You feel so good inside of me.... so thick and
    hard and.... oooooooooohh!" Dennis flexed his cock again, grinding
    the base against his mother's clit.

       "Ready for some more, Mom?"

       "Ummmm, yes, yesssss pleeeeeease!", whimpered Helen, lifting her
    hips at him in urgent need. "Fuck me again, baby!... Fuck me till I
    drop!"

       But Dennis had other ideas, and to his mother's complete surprise,
    he pulled pulled his cock out of her tight cunt. It exited with a wet
    slurping sound.

       "Jesus, Dennis! What are you doing?", she whined.

       "I want to finish sucking your pussy, Mom!", said Dennis, whirling
    around to face her feet. "... why don't you suck on my prick at the
    same time, okay?"

       "Oh, you wonderful, darling! You must have read my mind!", moaned
    his mother as she reached for his glistening cock. Dennis straddled
    his mother's head with his knees, his own head between her widely
    stretched thighs. He felt her warm fingers encircle his cock and her
    even warmer lips caress the swollen head as she pulled it into her
    mouth, the tip of her tongue probing the tiny piss-slit.

       As his mother began sucking gently on his cockhead, Dennis looked
    down at her tightly stretched crotch, her gleaming pussy and puckered
    little asshole laid out before him like a sexual smorgasbord. He
    stared with wonder at his mother's recently fucked cunt. With her
    thighs spread so far apart, Helen's furry cuntlips gaped lewdly open,
    revealing the scarlet inner folds of her lust-swollen twat. Dennis
    could see that his mother was wet.... very, very wet, the juices from
    her recent orgasm still seeping from deep within her musky cunt. Even
    as he watched, moisture began to collect in the groove the bottom of
    her luscious-looking gash. Dennis pulled the slippery lips of his
    mother's cunt further apart, and watched in awe as more and more of
    her pink, glistening pussy appeared.

       He could see her large, erect clit sticking out like a tiny penis
    at the top of her slit and about three inches below that, the object
    of his desire... her dark, inviting fuckhole. Dennis lowered his face
    between his mother's wide-spread legs, feeling the steamy,
    smouldering heat emanating from her crotch. Inches from her cunt, he
    stopped and breathed in deeply through his nose. Dennis loved the
    smell of a hot cunt almost as much as the taste... and his mother
    definitely smelled hot! It was the scent of a woman eager for sex,
    and it made the young boy's stiff cock throb with fuck-lust. With a
    groan, Dennis rammed his cock down between his mother's sucking lips,
    at the same time plunging his face into the torrid wetness of her
    gaping twat, and began to lick and suck just as ravenously as he had
    earlier on, feasting incestuously once more on her tasty, forbidden
    fruits.

       Luckily, her son's groan of lust had warned Helen of his impending
    lunge, and she had managed to get her mouth open wide enough to
    receive the full length of his hard, young cock without too much
    pain. In fact, her lips felt rather numb as they stretched tightly
    around the base of the boy's thick pole. She raised her tongue and
    drew in her cheeks as far as she could, sheathing his cock in hot,
    juicy flesh. Helen began to suck hard and ravenously, enjoying the
    feel of her son's big cock deep in her mouth. She loved the male
    taste of him... so young and clean and fresh. It felt so wickedly
    exciting to be lying naked on a motel room bed with her own son...
    sucking his cock while his long, stiff tongue squirmed around in her
    cunt. Helen pulled her mouth off his prick for a moment.

       "Oooooh, honey, that feels so good!", she moaned. "I love a good
    tongue in my cunt!... Yessssss, suck me, son! Suck your momma's hot,
    wet slit, baby!"

       As Helen's mouth returned to his prick, Dennis went to work,
    raking his big fat tongue up and down between the tender, puffy lips
    of his mother's juicy wet cunt. For a boy his age, he was good. He
    knew just where to lick and how to do it. Helen gurgled with bliss,
    she couldn't have wished for anything more pleasurable. Her mouth and
    throat were filled with her son's hard, thick teenaged cock, and her
    cunt was filled with his constantly wiggling tongue... what more
    could she ask for?

       For a few seconds she thought of her husband, and felt sorry for
    him. Don was good in bed, and he nearly always satisfied her, but
    when they made love it was usually the same old thing. Secretly,
    Helen felt that it was her husband's uncreative attitude towards sex
    had cheated them both of so much fun. She knew Don had always tried
    to please her, but in fifteen years, he hadn't been able to give her
    the greatest pleasure of all, the fulfilling joy of spontaneous,
    inventive sex. She was getting that pleasure right now, from her
    uninhibited young son, and it felt fantastic! However, if Helen could
    have seen what her husband was doing at that very moment, she would
    have felt far from sorry for him...


       Find out what dirty Don was doing in the next exciting chapter;-
                       
                        Melissa IV, "Seducing Daddy" 
                       


                
                                                        
                    MELISSA                            
                                                   
                                      "Seducing Daddy"  
                                                         
                
                               (By EROS)

                                Part 1.

    Almost as soon as her brother and mother left that morning, Melissa
 had begun to work on her father. She went to her room and selected the
 tightest top and the briefest pair of shorts she could find, leaving the
 bedroom door open while she changed, in the hope that her father might
 see her changing if he happened by. Taking off her nightdress, Melissa
 surveyed herself in the full-length mirror. She was going to make her
 father notice her body. She may not have much hair on her cunt yet, but
 in the last few days, she'd been fucked and sucked more times than any
 of her young friends had in their whole lives!

    She'd even fucked her own brother... and loved every second of it...
 the forbidden excitement of it made her little cunt crawl with juicy wet
 heat. Now, every inch of her incestuously aroused young body ached for
 her strong, handsome father to do the same deliciously dirty things
 that her brother had done to her. All it would take was to give him a
 taste of what he was missing out on, and, as she gazed at her naked
 reflection in the mirror, Melissa was sure that her voluptuous body
 could arouse her father sexually... the rest would be easy.

    Melissa slid her hands proudly over her firm, budding tits, squeezing
 the tender, rosy nipples until they became erect with excitement. Her
 little pink cuntslit glistened with adolescent desire as the youngster
 pictured her father standing naked before her, his big cock hard and
 erect.

    With a low moan, Melissa dropped a hand to her hairless crotch and
 began to rub her hot, wet little gash with increasing vigour. As her
 fingers stroked and teased her throbbing clit, Melissa found that the
 pleasure was so intense, she could hardly stand up. She fell onto the
 bed, her thighs wide open and her fingers working rapidly in her
 drooling snatch. Closing her eyes tight, Melissa tried to imagine that
 her father was doing the job on her cunt that her fingers were
 performing. She writhed and twisted on the bed, moaning softly and
 arching her back as she had done when Dennis had stabbed his big, stiff
 prick deep into her cunt. But this time it wasn't her brother's cock
 that Melissa pictured in her mind, it was her father's!

    "Ohhhhhhhhhhh!", she moaned, feeling her pussy contract and her tiny,
 muscular fuckhole dilate as her probing fingers rubbed and pinched the
 juicy, elastic folds of her hot little gash.

    "Uhhhggghhh! Ummmmmmmmmm! Ooooooooohhh!" She needed a fuck badly! She
 wanted to feel a cock inside her again, and the cock she wanted most of
 all right now belonged to her father! "Oh, Daddy! Give me your big, hard
 prick", she moaned. "Fuck me! Fuck me please!"

    With wracking spasms the horny little fourteen-year-old quivered in
 orgasm. It felt so good, she almost cried out aloud!  Still not
 satisfied, Melissa continued to massage her clit until she exploded
 again, pumping her hot little ass up into the air as she jerked with
 juvenile delight. "Uhhh! Uhhhhh! Uhhhhhgghghhhh! Ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Oh,
 Fuck, Daddddddddy!"

    Melissa collapsed limply onto the bed, quivering. Masturbation wasn't
 exactly what she needed, but it would have to do for the moment. Lazily,
 she brought one hand up to her mouth and sucked her glistening fingers,
 imagining it was her father's cock. The very thought made her cunt
 tingle with desire once more. 'Oh, God! I just can't seem to get
 enough!', she thought with a twinge of guilt. But the guilt vanished as
 suddenly as it had appeared, replaced instead by the emotion that had
 caused it... adolescent lust!

    She looked at the open door and wondered if her father had seen her.
 'No, probably not. Otherwise I would have noticed him.' she mused.
 Getting up, she pulled on her robe and headed for the bathroom.

    But, Melissa was wrong! Her father HAD seen her. She had been so
 totally engrossed in her wanton self-gratification to notice his
 presence in the doorway. Don had been heading for the bathroom himself
 when he heard low moans coming from his daughters room. He poked his
 head around the door and nearly choked at what he saw. His pretty
 daughter was naked on her bed, writhing and moaning with obvious
 pleasure as she shamelessly masturbated. Don's first impulse was to
 leave quietly, in case she saw him. But, as he watched his daughter's
 stiff fingers stabbing deeply in and out of her lust-swollen little
 pussy, he became glued to the spot. After all he was a man... and being
 a normal sort of guy, a naked, aroused pussy interested him, no matter
 whose it was... even his pretty fourteen-year-old daughter's.

    He was suddenly, graphically aware that his daughter wasn't a little
 girl any more, she was a young woman, and from the frenzied way she was
 bringing herself off, a highly sexed young woman at that! With a
 father's jealousy, he suddenly wondered who had gotten into her pants
 first, because he could see by the depth of her finger-plunges that his
 little daughter was no chaste virgin anymore. His cock began to swell in
 his pants, and the guilt of what he was doing suddenly flooded back. He
 felt ashamed to be spying on his own daughter, invading her privacy...
 but the sight of her lithe young body in the throes of ecstasy was so
 stimulating, Don couldn't move. His eyes were fixed on his daughter's
 delicious-looking tits and squirming little cunt.

    His hand dropped automatically to the large bulge in his pants, and
 as he watched his sexy daughter finger-fuck herself to orgasm, Don
 rubbed his cock, leering like a dirty old man at this sexy teenage kid
 whom he loved. He watched her for several minutes before the fear of
 discovery finally made him retreat back to the living room. His cock was
 rock-hard. How he wished Helen was home, he needed a fuck badly.
 Watching his daughter masturbate had turned him on something fierce, and
 he felt guilty. It was wrong to feel sexually attracted to your own
 daughter, he thought. But the sight of her tightly-stretched little cunt
 was burned into his brain, and the more Don thought about her the more
 frustrated he became. He sat down and tried to watch TV, hoping his
 hard-on would deflate before she came out. He certainly didn't want his
 daughter to see him like this!

    A couple of minutes later, Melissa came out of the bathroom and
 noticed her father sitting on the sofa. 'Show time!', she thought with a
 smile. She walked casually into the living room and flopped into an
 armchair directly opposite him, and pretended to dry her hair with a
 large fluffy towel.

    "What are you watching, Dad?", asked Melissa, trying to sound as
 nonchalant as possible. Her robe hung wide open giving her father a good
 view of her pointy little tits. They thrust forwards, jiggling saucily
 as she moved her arms.

    "Um... er... nothing much, honey!", muttered Don, trying
 unsuccessfully not to stare at his daughter's exposed tits. Melissa
 peeked furtively from under the towel and could see that her father was
 interested. Without letting him see that she was watching him, Melissa
 sat back and slowly opened her legs.

    Don stared between his daughter's parted thighs, her naked cuntmound
 clearly visible under the short robe. He licked his lips, which had
 become suddenly dry, and checked to see if she noticed he was watching.
 Melissa was pretending to watch the TV as she dried her hair, her head
 turned away from her father and hidden by the towel. Don's eyes returned
 eagerly to Melissa's naked crotch and his prick began to rise alarmingly
 in his pants as he gazed at his daughter's pussy. If he didn't miss his
 guess, she was wet down there too, the glint of moisture along her tiny
 cuntslit betraying her arousal. Don suddenly found himself wondered
 again how she had discovered the pleasures of her beautiful young body.
 Kids matured early these days, he thought, she's probably been
 masturbating for years, no doubt fucking boys too!

    The very thought of his fourteen-year-old daughter engaged in sex,
 sent strange, unnatural thrills up and down Don's spine. He rubbed the
 front of his shorts to relieve the swelling tension in his groin, but
 his cock continued to grow. Although Don knew that the incestuous
 thoughts which filled his brain were sick and immoral, he was also a
 man... and if his sudden interest in his daughter's naked body was
 anything to go on, he was a man first and a father second. He couldn't
 deny it... his basic male instincts had got the better of him, and
 daughter or not, his cock betrayed his true feelings.

    "Nice view, huh, Daddy!", said Melissa suddenly.

    Don flicked his eyes up to her face with a startled expression, but
 his daughter was still looking at the TV.

    "Er... what, sweetheart?", he asked, turning beet-red with
 embarrassment.

    "The view from the top of Mt Everest, silly!", giggled Melissa
 pointing at the alpine scene on the TV. "Beautiful, isn't it?"

    "Yeah, baby..." replied Don, returning his gaze to his daughter's
 shamelessly exposed little tits and crotch. "... real pretty!"

    From the bulge in his pants, Melissa guessed correctly that she was
 turning her father on. If only she could feel how hard his cock was
 getting, she'd be sure of her effect on him. Her young calculating mind
 quickly formulated a plan.

    "How's that contract you've been working, Daddy?", she asked
 innocently. "You've been working on it for weeks now."

    "It's in the bag, honey," he said wryly, happy for a chance to get
 his mind of his daughter's luscious body. "Not only that, they seem
 positive that I'll make senior vice president next year."

    "Oh, Daddy! Wow! How super!", squealed Melissa bouncing to her feet.

    She climbed onto his lap with her knees straddling his hips and gave
 her father a big hug. The movement caused her short robe to bunch up
 around her slim young hips, and placed her naked crotch directly against
 the lump in her father's pants. Don hugged his daughter for a second
 until he felt the damp heat from her naked pussy permeate his crotch.
 It was hard for him to push her away. The pressure of her hard little
 tits against his chest and the provocative heat emanating from her cunt
 was almost too much for him. But push her away he did.

    "I think you'd better get down now, Mel," he gasped, trying to hide
 from his young daughter, the fact that he had a raging hard-on.

    "Not now, Daddy," she pleaded. "Let's just sit here and talk like we
 used to when I was younger. We don't do that any more, do we?"

    "No, baby, we don't," said Don a little uneasily. "But you're too big
 for this sort of thing now."

    Try as he might, Don couldn't restrain his traitorous prick from
 swelling between his thighs. Crazy, incestuous urges filled his brain as
 he stared down at his daughter's naked little titties.

    "What do you mean, Daddy?", asked Melissa, giving her father the most
 innocent look she could muster. At the same time she pressed her crotch
 against the hard swelling in his groin, enjoying the contact of her
 father's swollen prick against her pussy, even if the rough material of
 his pants did separate them.

    Don choked back a gasp of pleasure as he felt his daughter wiggle her
 soft, naked little cunt-mound against his throbbing erection.

    "Ohhh, don't do that Mel, honey!", he groaned.  "You don't know what
 you're doing to me!"

    Melissa knew exactly what she was doing to him. She could tell by the
 feel of her father's huge cock as it swelled mightily against her
 rapidly moistening little pussy.

    "What's wrong, Daddy?", asked Melissa, beginning to squirm her
 searing snatch over her father's rock-hard prick. "Why are you shaking?"

    "You're doing things to me, baby...", gasped Don. "...things a
 daughter shouldn't do to her father."

    "What kind of things? Are you getting excited, Daddy?", she asked
 frankly.

    Don moaned, and to Melissa's surprise and pleasure, involuntarily
 hunched up against the insistent pressure of her hot little cunt.

    "Ooooooh, Daddy, you've got a hard-on!", giggled his daughter,
 rubbing herself shamelessly over his cock-bulge.

    "You're a beautiful, sexy girl, baby," he said. "You've got no right
 to torture your father like this!

    "Am I torturing you, Daddy?", said Melissa smiling up seductively
 into her father's eyes.

    "Yes, you are sweetheart, more than you could ever know." gulped Don,
 unable to keep his eyes off his daughter's exposed little tits.

    Melissa got up off her father's lap and stood before him, posing
 like a model.

    "You like looking at my boobs, don't you, Daddy?"

    "They're gorgeous, honey, absolutely gorgeous," breathed Don, his
 last ounce of will-power slipping rapidly.

    "Would you like to see more?", she asked doing a sexy little
 pirouette in front of him.

    Before he could answer, Melissa slowly opened her robe, watching with
 satisfaction as her father made no move to stop her. She could see the
 lust in his eyes as he stared at her tiny, conical tits... and she loved
 it. Melissa took off her robe completely, at the same time spreading her
 skinny young legs wide apart. Don's eyes devoured every inch of his
 daughter's creamy, naked flesh as it appeared before him.

    "Ohhhhh, baby!!!", he groaned, as Melissa's thinly gaping little slit
 appeared, poking sexily at him from between her sensuously parted young
 thighs.

    Melissa smiled, recognizing the unmistakable look of lust on her
 father's face as he devoured her nubile young body with his dark
 smouldering eyes.

    "This is wrong, honey!", said Don with one last pang of guilt. "You
 shouldn't show yourself to me like this."

    But Melissa could see that her father's eyes and cock betrayed his
 true feelings.

    "Oh, Daddy!", she giggled. "There's nothing wrong with looking."

    Even though he knew deep down that there was a lot wrong with it, at
 least from a moral point of view, he couldn't resist the erotic
 magnetism of his daughter's adolescent young body.

    "I guess there isn't," he breathed.

    Before Don knew what was happening his daughter was parading around
 in front of him like some exotic stripper. Wiggling her tits and bending
 over to show him her bare bottom. The pink, glistening slit of her young
 cunt was framed beautifully by the tiny cheeks of her perfect little
 ass.

    "Do you like my body, Daddy?", asked Melissa, posing lewdly in front
 of him. "Am I pretty?"

    "G...God, yes!", gasped her father. "You've got a dynamite body,
 baby... pretty enough to turn any man on!"

    "Do I turn you on, Daddy?", whispered Melissa, stepping close to her
 father.

    "Ohhh, God! Heaven help me, yes, baby! Yesssss!", he blurted, pulling
 her toward him.

    Melissa groaned with pleasure. Finally, it was going to happen, she
 thought, her handsome father wanted her as much as she wanted him.

    "You can touch me, Daddy, if you want to," she said, offering herself
 totally to him. Her father's hands caressed her aching flesh, and his
 mouth covered her heaving breasts with hot kisses. She held him tightly
 to her.

    "Love me, Daddy," she sighed eagerly. "Yes, Daddy, love me now!"

    As her father's tongue swept over her nipples, Melissa felt them
 become suddenly ultra-sensitive. She forced them into his mouth, first
 one, then the other, moaning loudly as he sucked the hard, pink little
 buds till they were fully erect. His mouth on her tits felt great, but
 Melissa wanted more. She longed for his hand on her moistening cunt, she
 wanted her father to feel how hot and wet he had made her... how ready
 she was for him!

    "Ohhh, God! Touch me, Daddy!", she groaned, grabbing his hand and
 pushing it into her hairless twat.

    Don gasped as two fingers slid easily into the hot, slimy wetness of
 his daughter's moist slit. She was extremely tight, and by the way she
 began frantically hunching her little hips against his hand, Don knew he
 would be in for the fuck of his life once he got his cock inside that
 eager little fuckhole. The idea of sex with his daughter no longer
 filled him with guilt. She obviously wanted it as much as he did, and
 the more he thought about the prospect of fucking her tight little-girl
 cunt, the more excited he became.

    "Mmmmmmmm, you like that, don't you, Mel?", he asked, shoving his
 fingers deep up into her plump, hairless young gash. "You like having
 Daddy's fingers in your hot little pussy, don't you, babe?"

    "Ummmmmmmmmmmm! Oh Yesssss, I love it! Oooooooooooooh!", whimpered
 Melissa, rotating her slim ass around on her father's deeply imbedded
 fingers. "Your fingers feel so good in my cunt, Daddy!!!"

    "Yeah, I bet they do!", Don whispered, twisting his fingers round and
 round inside his little daughter's drooling gash. His other hand fondled
 her firm round little tits and butt. "... but I bet you'd rather have
 something else stuck up your tight little hole, wouldn't you, honey?"

    Melissa was gasping so much, she could only nod her head. Every
 moment the excited little fourteen-year-old was becoming more and more
 turned on. Her father's expertly jabbing fingers were sending her into
 orbit!

    "Tell Daddy, sweetheart!", groaned Don, urging her to say more. He
 kissed his daughter's belly button. "Tell me what you'd like in your
 little cunt instead of my fingers, baby!" Don stared up at her, excited
 by the look of adolescent lust in her firey young eyes.

    "Your cock, Daddy!", hissed Melissa. "I want your big, long, hairy
 cock fucking the shit out of my cunt!"

    His daughter's deliciously depraved words of encouragement were like
 music to Don's ears.

    "Yeahhhh! That's the way I like to hear my little girl talk!... what
 else, baby?", said her father, his voice trembling with lust.

    "Oh, God, you can do anything you want to me, Daddy... anything!"

    "I intend to, sweetheart!", he told her with a grin. "But you have to
 ask your father nicely, like a good little girl."

    "Oooooooh, Daddy! I want you to put your tongue in my pussy and lick
 me... please!", whimpered the girl. Don pulled his fingers out of his
 daughter's slippery little cunthole and lifted one of her legs up onto
 the arm of the sofa beside him.

    With a swift, easy motion he reached up under her crotch and grasped
 her little butt... one tiny asscheek in each palm.

    "You mean like this?", he growled, pulling his daughter's juicy
 snatch against his hungry mouth.

    Melissa sucked in her breath as if she'd been doused with cold water.
 The sudden exquisite contact of her father's lips on her overheated cunt
 was almost unbearable. She felt his hot mouth close over her drooling
 slit.

    "Yes! Yes! Oh, Daddy! Oh, fuck, yesssssssssss!", she squealed.

    Don onto the girl tightly as Melissa squirmed her hairless little
 twat against his unshaven face. His whiskers tickling her tender flesh
 made it all the more exciting for her. His daughter's cunt tasted
 delicious, and as fast as Don sucked and licked her musky juices, more
 and more seemed to form, running freely into his greedy mouth.

    Melissa's tiny rump writhed and twisted in her father's hands, as she
 rubbed her little cunt eagerly against his slurping lips, her frequent
 whimpers of ecstasy, a testament to the youngster's obviously total
 enjoyment. As his tongue flicked back and forth, Don noted with delight
 that his daughter shared her mother's fondness for having her twat
 sucked. He suddenly thought of his wife and wondered what Helen would
 do if she came home right now and caught them like this. He knew she
 would probably kill them both, but he was so excited that in his mind's
 eye he pictured Helen pulling out his cock and sucking him off while he
 licked Melissa's succulent young snatch to orgasm.

    With his head bent and his body hunched over to get at her pussy, Don
 suddenly found it hard to concentrate on giving his daughter the suck
 she deserved. His neck began to ache unbearably, so, at the risk of
 disappointing her, Don pulled his mouth from her wet cunt and lowered
 his naked daughter gently to the couch beside him.

    "What are you doing, Daddy?", she asked.

    "Just making us nice and comfortable, sweetheart! So I can suck your
 tasty little cunt properly.... Open your legs for Daddy, baby!"

    Melissa lay on her back and spread her thighs wide as her father
 crawled in between them.

    "Hurry up, Dad!", she said impatiently. "Get your mouth back on my
 pussy. I need to come with your tongue on my clit!"

    "You sure are one hot little piece of ass, ain't you baby?", chuckled
 her father. "I wish your mother was half as horny as you are... and half
 as tasty!" Don looked down at his daughter's tightly-stretched little
 gash, and licked his lips hungrily.

    "God, what a beautiful little cunt you've got, Mel!", breathed her
 father.

    He stared lewdly at his daughter's tiny moisture lined slit. The
 puffy, pink lips were hardly open, even with her long slender legs
 spread so far apart. Don moaned deep in his throat.

    "Jesus, that looks so fuckin' good!... Ummmmmm.... Daddy's gonna suck
 your hot little pussy 'til you're clean as a whistle, baby!... And then
 some...."

    "Ohhh, Daddy! You say such deliciously dirty things to me, it makes
 my cunt twitch!"

    "It's my tongue that's is gonna make your little cunt twitch,
 babydoll!

    "Ooooooh Daddy! I can't wait! Do it! Do it!", chanted Melissa,
 lifting her little behind suggestively up off the couch, squeezing her
 hard tits at the same time with both hands.

    Don reached under his daughter's cute ass and getting a firm grip on
 her creamy buttocks, lowered his face once more into her quivering
 crotch. She felt his hot tongue part her taut cuntlips and slither
 deliciously inside.

    "Ohhhh! Yes! Yessss! Now, suck me, Daddy! Suck me hard and I'll cream
 in your mouth!... Ooooh, yeah! Eat me, Dad! Just like you do with Mom!"

    Spurred on by her shameless encouragement, Don found his daughter's
 clit and sucked the hard little bud deep into his mouth, flicking it
 repeatedly with the tip of his tongue. Melissa almost screamed with the
 intense pleasure her father's mouth was producing in her cunt. Her hips
 bucked up against his face, her ass rotating in tiny, sensuous circles
 as she mashed her bony little twat against his suctioning mouth.

    "Eat me, Daddy! Eat my pussy!", she whimpered. "Don't stop! Don't
 ever stop!... I love it!... Oh, God, do I ever love it!"

    Don licked his daughter's juicy, pink slit like an animal, excited
 beyond belief at the way she was reacting to his mouth job. She may be
 only fourteen but her little cunt was quivering and drooling just like
 her mother's always did when she became exceedingly horny. 'Like mother
 like daughter', he thought happily. Oily cunt-juice soaked his chin,
 his lips, his cheeks. Her thighs and pussy were smeared with thick,
 gooey slime, but still Melissa humped her saturated little pussy back
 and forth against her father's face. Her cunt was wide open, the
 sweet-smelling teenaged slit oozing and gaping into his sucking mouth.

    Don lifted his daughter's hips up off the couch and pressed his face
 into her hairless little snatch as hard as he could, burying his tongue
 between her slippery cuntlips, sucking out her tasty juices. Melissa was
 writhing against her father's face as he tongue-fucked her, moaning and
 holding him by the hair. Don's dick was very hard, and the thought of
 plowing it deep inside his horny little daughter was almost too much.
 Her twat felt so tiny! His tongue was being squeezed so tightly by her
 cunt-muscles that Don wasn't sure that his big cock would fit into his
 daughter's tiny little hole without giving her a lot of pain. Even so he
 was very anxious to fuck her. Don concentrated on giving her as much
 pleasure as possible so that she would come quickly and he could then
 screw her with his rock-hard cock.

    He could sense that the flavour of her pussy was changing. She was
 moving higher, reaching one plateau after another in her quest for
 womanly fulfillment. Don knew at once that his hot little daughter was
 rapidly approaching orgasm. He lifted her slender young legs up over his
 shoulders, and nuzzled his face into her upthrust cunt with renewed
 vigour. Melissa could feel her father's bristly chin digging into the
 softness of her vaginal membranes as his long, stiff tongue delved
 piston-like into her pubescent depths. Then, as Don began to suck and
 lick her budding little clit, Melissa cried out, almost beside herself
 with lust. She held his shaggy head with both hands and squealed with
 pleasure as her father dragged his tongue up through her slit from
 asshole to clit and back again.

    "Unnnnnnghhhh! Lick me, Daddy! Oh, God, yessss! Lick me that way.
 Jesus, what a tongue!... Oh, Daddy I think you're gonna make come!
 Uhhhhhhhh!"

    Her words spurring him on, Don redoubled his efforts, trying to drive
 his tongue to the hilt inside her steamy tightness. Her high-pitched
 voice rang in his ears, reminding him for a second that in the eyes of
 the law, she was a child... his child! But the way she was responding,
 the pressure of her hands on the back of his head, and the shameless
 sounds of passion bubbling from her lips, made Don forget all that. She
 tasted like a woman now, and the heavy, spicy flavour of cunt filled his
 mouth and tempted his palate.

    Melissa came like a rocket, her ass thrashing and writhing, her lithe
 and graceful body undulating wildly over the surface of the couch. Her
 head was twisting violently from side to side as her hips rotated
 drunkenly in an attempt to bring her spasming cunt into even more
 intimate contact with her father's slurping mouth. Melissa's ecstatic
 sobs grew louder and more desperate, and at one stage they became so
 loud that Don feared his daughter's wanton cries of ecstasy would be
 heard by the whole street.

    "Ahhhhhhhhhggggghh! Dadddddy! Fuck! Oh, God! Oh, God, Fuck!
 Yessssssssss!"

    Don sucked her clit hard, surprised at the intensity of his
 daughter's orgasm. After all, she was only fourteen! But the way she
 climaxed told Don that despite her tender years, the girl was sexually
 mature. Spasm after spasm rocked Melissa's slender frame.

    She was bucking around so violently at one stage, that Don had great
 difficulty in keeping his mouth clamped tightly over her pulsating
 little cunt. Until finally she gave one last lunge that just about
 snapped her father's neck. Then she sank back onto the couch exhausted.
 Even after his daughter had stopped squirming, Don continued to eat her,
 sucking out the last drops of her sweet, oily nectar into his thirsty
 mouth. He couldn't take his mouth off her. Melissa sighed deeply and let
 her thighs fall wide open, just lying there, content to let her
 wonderful father gently lick her quivering genitals. Her moans became
 softer and softer, but occasionally her pussy would give a little quiver
 as his tongue touched her erect clit. Don finally raised his greasy face
 from his daughter's cunt and grinned at her.

    "Did you like that, baby?", he asked hoarsely. "Did you enjoy having
 your sweet little cunt sucked?" Melissa gazed up at her father with a
 dazed look on her pretty face. She was still trying to recover from her
 climax.

    "Ummmmmm! I loved it, Daddy!", she said finally, raising herself up
 onto her elbows. "Couldn't you tell?"

    "I sure could, sweetheart.", laughed Don, stroking his fingers up and
 down the length of his hard, thick cock. "I loved it too! But look at
 what you did to me, you naughty little girl!"

    Melissa stared at her father's massive erection with wide eyes. Up to
 this point, all she'd thought about was her own pleasure. She'd been
 carried away with all the sweet sensations running through her. But what
 about her father? By the size and hardness of his cock, he must have
 been getting more and more excited the whole time. And now he needed
 relief too.

    "Do you want to fuck me now, Daddy!", Melissa asked frankly, reaching
 for her father's prick. A gasp of delight escaped her lips as she felt
 how big and hard it was.

    "Oh, yeah! I can't wait to fuck you, baby!", admitted Don. "Sucking
 your juicy little cunt has made my cock all hot and hard!"

    "Mmmmmm, it's hard alright, Daddy!", giggled Melissa, wrapping both
 tiny hands around her father's huge prick. "....and so BIIIIIIIG"

    Her father's huge erection was so thick the little girl couldn't get
 her fingers completely around it. To Melissa, her Daddy's long, hard
 cock looked to be three inches across and a foot long... but she was
 determined to take all of it!

    Don saw the look of lust in his daughter's eyes. She was definitely
 hungry for his cock, and he was only too glad to be on the receiving end
 of her hot, adolescent hunger.

    "It's all your's, baby doll!", he said, standing up. "But it's our
 first time, and I want to fuck you properly, sweetheart. Let's get into
 bed where we can really fuck up a storm!"

    Don led his daughter to the master bedroom and sprawled out on the
 huge waterbed.

    "Ummmmm, there's nothing like fucking on a waterbed!", said her
 father, smiling broadly. "You're in for a real experience, honey!"

    Melissa watched her father as he stroked his dick, wondering what he
 would say if he knew that she had already been fucked on this very bed,
 just the day before.... by her own brother. She smiled down at her
 father sweetly, eyeing off his huge erection with hunger in her eyes.

    "Can I be on top, Daddy?", she giggled, scrambling quickly onto the
 bed.

    "Mmmmmmm, you sure learn fast, don't you, Princess!", grinned her
 father.

    Melissa trembled with excitement. Her father hadn't called her
 'Princess' in years. It was time she showed him that she was no longer
 his virginal little girl anymore. She felt mature... a young woman. A
 young woman who had only recently been initiated into the delights of
 adult sex, and loved every second of it. Since yesterday, she'd had a
 deep hunger in her hot little pussy, a hunger so intense that she found
 it hard to think of anything else but sex. Now she was determined that
 her big, strong, handsome father would satisfy that hunger and make her
 into a real woman, like her mother.

    "C'mere baby," said Don, grabbing his little girl by the waist. He
 pulled her on top of him, thrilling to the exquisite sensation of her
 warm, naked young body against his own.

    Melissa gave a small whimper of lust, her firm, conical titties
 bouncing cutely as she eagerly straddled her father's erect prick. As
 her Daddy held her in place the little girl squatted above him, grasping
 his huge erect cock in her fingers as she began rubbing the bloated tip
 through the hot, juicy wetness of her tiny cunt. She loved the feeling
 of expectation as her Daddy's long, thick prick slithered up and down in
 her hairless slit, and soon, low moans of delight escaped her pretty
 young lips as she probed and teased her hard little clit with it,
 pressing it into her cunthole until Don's whole cock was covered with
 her slippery juices.

    "Come on, Mel...", he gasped loudly, "... put it in! My cock is dying
 for your tight young pussy!"

    "Ohh, yes Daddy!", panted Melissa, positioning her father's fat
 cockhead between her tiny pink cuntlips, "I want your cock in my cunt,
 too!"

    Don grabbed his young daughter's squirming asscheeks and thrust his
 hips upwards at the same time as melissa bore down on him, impaling
 herself on his throbbing organ. The hot, little fourteen-year-old
 squealed with pleasure as her father's lust-hardened cock entered her
 cunt, filling her tight little hole with more hot cockmeat than the
 young girl had ever experienced in her entire life!

    "OHHHHH! DADDY!", she screamed, "FUCK, BUT YOU'RE HUGE!!....
 JESUS!!!!"

    Melissa moaned with a mixture of pain and pleasure as she felt the
 rigid thickness of her father's long prick stretching and penetrating
 her tight young cunt until finally he was buried inside her to the
 hilt, his hairy balls resting on her tiny, puckered little asshole.

    "Ahhhrrrrhh! Shit, that's tight pussy!", groaned Don as Melissa began
 to wiggle her hot little cunt on his deeply imbedded cock.

    Melissa felt every ridge and vein of her father's prick scraping
 against the wet, slippery walls of her snatch as Don began to move his
 cock inside her. He reached up and pulled her tiny boobs into his mouth,
 squeezing and sucking them hard. Melissa was so hot, she hardly even
 felt it, her ass was bouncing up and down, slamming her pussy onto her
 Daddy's big, fucking prick as hard as she could. Don sucked her little
 pink tits into his mouth, his hands gripping her firm young ass real
 hard, guiding her tight, clasping cunt up and down over his stabbing
 cock.

    "Jesus, Mel!", moaned her father, "Fuck, but you're tight, honey!"

    Melissa hardly heard him. She was wrapped around her father's slim,
 muscular body like a boa-constrictor, her sweet round ass was bobbing
 and weaving wildly over his cock as Don rammed the huge, pole of
 fuck-muscle deep into her tight, young cunt. Her legs were spread wide
 apart so as to get more of Don's hard prick into her hungry hole, her
 cute, little pink anus opening and closing each time she raised and
 lowered her hips.

    "Ohhhh, Jeez!", gasped Melissa, grinding her pink swollen cuntlips
 down over her father's cock, "I love it! I love it, Daddy!"

    Don knew she was close to orgasm, just by the way her hips writhed
 and squirmed onto his cock. Her cunt was so wet that his cock made loud
 squelching sounds each time it slammed into her juicy little fuckhole.

    "Tell me, baby!", he breathed, "I want to hear you say it! Tell me
 exactly what you want me to do!"

    "Oooooh, God! I want you to screw me, Daddy! I want you to fuck your
 big, fat cock up into my pussy and make me cum!"

    Don smiled up at his highly aroused little daughter.

    "I'll do better than that!", he replied, "I'll fuck you till you cum,
 then fuck you some more... sweetheart! Shit, Daddy's gonna fuck your
 tight little twat 'til you can't cum any more!"

    Melissa squealed with delight and bounced her young cunt up and down
 on her Daddy's cock, really fucking up a storm. In no time at all, the
 naked young girl was cumming like a rocket, twisting and bobbing and
 squirming her little bald cunt up and down on her Daddy's stiff cock
 like a cowgirl riding a bucking bronco.

    Don desperately held back his own orgasm as his daughter rode him
 through her peak and down the other side. A smile creased Melissa's
 pretty little face as she soon realized that her Daddy hadn't cum yet.
 His big wonderful cock remained erect and throbbing inside her snug
 little snatch!

    "Mmmmmmmmmm!", moaned Melissa, grinding her tiny bulging cunt down
 over her Daddy's prick. "You're still so big and hard! Fuck me again,
 Daddy... ooh, please fuck me again!!"

    "Uhhhh, you hot, sexy little cunt!", groaned Don. "Can't get enough
 of my cock can you baby?"

    "No, Daddy! It feels so good when you fuck me!"

    Don had rolled her off him onto her back, and quickly got between her
 skinny young legs, ramming his hard, gleaming prick back into her gaping
 pussy before she had time to even take a breath. His hands were on her
 tiny tits as he fucked her, grasping the twin conical mounds strongly as
 he thrust his cock into her tight, heaving cunt, pounding the hot,
 little fourteen-year-old with everything he had.

    "Ahhhhhh! G....God, Daddddy! f... uhhh... fuck! It's going in me sooo
 deeeep!", Melissa whimpered, spreading her little thighs wide apart.

    "Ohhh, yeahhhh! Move your ass up and down, Mel. Uuunngghh! Jesus
 what a hot, tight little cunt! Lift those hips, for Daddy,
 sweetheart... fuck me back!" grunted Don, staring down at her.

    His cock never missed a beat as it slid in and out of Melissa's
 clinging little cunthole like a hot, greased piston. With a moan, the
 girl began grinding her clit up against the base of her father's
 thrusting prick. Her big, handsome Daddy was fucking her so
 beautifully, she knew she was going to cum again any second. Her young
 mind filled with lustfully depraved fantasies as she rapidly approached
 another mind-blowing orgasm.

    If one cock could give her so much pleasure, she figured that two
 must be twice as good. She pictured her father and her brother fucking
 her together filling her with their big long cocks, fucking her
 powerfully, one after the other until she fainted from the sheer
 pleasure of it all. Melissa clung to her father's pounding body like a
 leech as a massive climax rocked her young adolescent cunt. His
 steel-hard prick continued to plow into her spasming hole even after she
 came, sending her over the edge once more, and Melissa screamed as wave
 after wave of intense ecstasy engulfed her quivering little body...
 again and again and again.

    "OOOOOOHHH! FUCK ME, DADDY!!...FUCK ME HARD!.. JESUS, I'M
 CUMMMMMMMING!"

    Don felt Melissa's hairless little pussy twitch around his cock as
 she came real hard, her cunt muscles squeezing his prick in a tight, hot
 grip until her powerful contractions finally faded. He smiled down at
 her again, thankful for once that he WASN'T fifteen years younger. His
 age and experience combined with the speed with which Melissa reached
 orgasm meant that at this rate his erection could last for hours. He was
 in seventh heaven! His sexy young daughter had the hottest, tightest
 cunt he'd ever had the pleasure of slipping his cock into, and Don
 wasn't about to give up until he'd fucked the hot little
 fourteen-year-old senseless!

    Don rolled the panting girl onto her side. Melissa was still limp
 from the series of intense orgasms she had just experienced. He rolled
 her further over onto her belly and lifted her hips up until she was
 kneeling with her back to him, her face pressed into the bed, and her
 cute little ass stuck up into the air like a bitch in heat.

    Her hairless little mound was rosy and swollen, and stood out like a
 ripe succulent peach, the gaping pink slit of her tiny cunt glistening
 wetly with her young juices. It looked so wet and juicy, Don couldn't
 resist a quick taste. He lowered his head and gave the little glistening
 slit an open-mouthed tongue kiss. Melissa gasped as her father's stiff
 tongue sliced tongue up through her young slit, parting her hairless
 little cuntlips like a hot knife through butter.

    "Ooooooh, Daddy!", she squealed. "That's so naughty and dirty!... But
 it feels so good! Mmmmmmm, yeah, lick my cunt... fuck me with your
 tongue Daddy!"

    Don held onto his daughter's skinny little asscheeks as he licked and
 sucked at her drooling cunt, sticking his tongue as far up into her
 tight creamy little hole as he could get it. She tasted different now
 that he'd fucked her and she'd cum a couple of times. Her flavour was
 more mature, more aromatic... much like his wife's cunt tasted on the
 rare occasions he went down on her. Don made a mental note to do it more
 often after this. Licking out his delicious little daughter had given
 him a real taste for pussy.

    Melissa came again as her father slurped and sucked on her plump
 little twat. She pressed her ass back against his mouth and spread her
 legs wide, grinding her gaping slit all over her Daddy's glistening
 face. Don licked up every drop of Melissa's spendings and gave her cunt
 a final loving kiss before raising his body to kneel behind her, his
 cock aimed at her cute little ass. She was so small that his prick lined
 up not with her pussy-slit, but with her sweet young anus.

    As his cockhead nudged the puckered pink orifice, Don wondered for a
 second what it would be like to fuck his little daughter's tight, virgin
 asshole. But he dismissed the thought instantly. Now was not the right
 time. He didn't want to hurt her, he wanted to show her how much
 pleasure he could give her. He wanted her to enjoy being fucked by her
 Daddy so much, she'd come back, again and again, for more.

    Don pressed the head of his prick down between his daughter's legs
 and rubbed it up and down her glistening, pink cuntslit. Melissa was
 incredibly aroused after having her Daddy lick and suck her tender young
 pussy to orgasm. She moaned and wiggled her ass with pleasure and quite
 by accident her father's cock-knob slid up between the creamy cheeks of
 her little ass. Melissa suddenly came out of her stupor and realized how
 vunerable she was in this position, her Daddy's big cock was in the
 wrong place! It was nudging at the entrance of her other hole.

    "Daddy!! What are you gonna do?", cried Melissa with alarm.

    Realizing what she meant, Don laughed, trying to reassure her.

    "Don't worry baby! I'm not gonna backdoor you just yet!... Trust me!"

    As tempting as her puckered young anus was, Don wanted to keep that
 pleasure for later. Right now, he was eager for more of his hot little
 daughter's teenage cunt.... this time from a different angle. He knelt
 behind her and spread Melissa's thighs apart, slipping his cock easily
 into her juicy cuntslit from behind. Gripping her around the waist, Don
 thrust forward, pulling her against him as he rammed his cock-shaft
 savagely into her slippery hole. Melissa's eyes rolled back into her
 head as the massive shaft of her father's hard fuck-muscle penetrated
 her little hole to the hilt.

    "Ohhhh, Jesus, God!", screamed Melissa as she felt her father's fat
 cockhead slam against her tiny cervix. "God, it's in deep!... and it
 feels so much bigger this way... Uhhhhhhhh, Daddy, Fuck me!... Fuck me
 like a dog!.... Ummmm! Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"

    Don looked down and watched his squealing daughter's hot cunt swallow
 his big prick. It looked so deliciously depraved, a cock that size
 disappearing into such a tiny little slit. Her hairless cuntlips gripped
 his prick like a vice, pulling out around the shiny shaft as he pulled
 out, only to be forced back inside her body as he plunged back into her.
 If she hadn't been so wet, he would have hurt her badly, he was sure. As
 it was, the pressure of her compact little cunt around his prick made
 his balls ache.

    Melissa looked up between her legs. She had a pretty good view of
 their meshed organs and, like her father, was avidly watching his cock
 slide in and out of her pussy. Her cuntlips seemed to envelop her
 Daddy's thick stalk like a juicy, pink mouth, and even from her
 upsidedown perspective, the sight was an incredible turn-on for the
 young girl. His cockhead poked at the very deepest part of her pussy,
 and she felt his bristling pubic hairs tickle the lips of her hairless
 little pussy with every powerful thrust of her father's hips.

    As she watched his adult cock slide in and out of her pubescent cunt,
 Melissa still could scarcely believe that her tiny hole was actually
 taking all of her Daddy's huge, fearsome organ. But, there it was, right
 in front of her... well, right in back of her really, but she had an
 excellent view.... her Daddy's long, hard prick buried to the hilt
 inside her little pussy. Melissa thought she could actually see her flat
 young belly ripple each time his massive thickness entered her body,
 stretching her cunt walls apart deliciously. She was used to the
 thickness of her Daddy's big cock now. At first, it had hurt a bit, but
 now every thrust brought only better and stronger pleasure.

    The underside of her father's cock-shaft rubbed repeatedly over her
 clit with maddening effectiveness, and soon Melissa began to moan and
 grind her hips back at at his thrusts with youthful vigour, her
 incestuous passion multiplying with each delicious stab.

    Melissa felt very small as she lay prostrate before her father's
 masculine body. It made her feel very dainty. Her buttocks worked
 instinctively to push her hips and pussy mound back against her father's
 heaving body until finally, the excited little fourteen-year-old was
 moving rhythmically, in time with her father's pistoning prick.

    With every deep penetration, Melissa loved it more and more. She was
 glad it was her father fucking her now, and not some 'slam bam... thank
 you mam', teenager like that useless Robbie Ward, with his five inches
 of pencil-thin cock that squirted almost as soon as he got it inside
 her... sometimes even BEFORE he could get it in!  Her father was the
 only man she had really loved for all of her young life, and it was only
 natural that he should want to please her... and wow!... her big strong
 Daddy sure knew how give a girl pleasure!

    Holding onto Melissa's smooth round buttocks, Don continued to ram
 his prick into his little daughter's lewdly raised cunt from behind.
 Melissa had her head buried in a pillow to stifle her loud cries as her
 father's cock pierced her young twat to a depth the girl had never known
 before.

    "Uhhhh, Shit! God, I love fucking your tight cunt, Mel!", grunted
 Don, giving the youngster's hot little hole a couple of extra hard jabs
 for emphasis. Melissa wailed with pleasure at the sudden deep
 penetration, pushing her drooling cunt eagerly back against her
 father's ferocious stabs.

    "Ohh, Daddy!.. God! Yes, I like it like that! Fuck me hard! Ohhh,
 yes, deeper!", squealed Melissa.

    Don increased his tempo, fucking the whimpering girl just like she'd
 asked... long and hard... all the time staring hungrily at her
 squirming, cock-filled cunt. He watched with rising lust as his thick,
 hard prick stretched his daughter's tight little twat to the limit. On
 each stroke, Melissa's taut pink pussylips clung to his cockshaft like a
 small, sucking mouth. The lewd sight had a tremendously exciting effect
 on Don and he began to fuck his cock into her trembling young body with
 deeper, harder thrusts.

    Melissa turned her head to look back at her father, adolescent lust
 burning brightly in her baby-blue eyes as she hunched her slim young
 hips back to meet his pile-driving cock-thrusts. Her father's huge prick
 was giving her hot little cunt so much pleasure, Melissa felt like she
 was going to faint from sheer ecstasy.

    "Uhh..uhhh..uhhhhh!, Daddy! Fuck me hard! Uhh! Uhh! I'm gonna cum any
 second!", squealed Melissa. "Goddd!... Fuck meeee!... I love your big
 cock fucking my cunt, Daddy!... Unnhnhnnnnhhhhh! Jesus, fuck me
 forever!"

    Don grabbed his whimpering daughter by the hips and lifted her ass up
 into the air, plunging his cock deep into her squirming cunt as she
 came.

    "Ooooooh, God! I'm cumming, Daddy! It feels so good!...Yes! Yes!
 Yesssss! FUCK! FUCK! FUUUUUUUCCKKKKK!! AHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGHH! UHNNNGGH!!"

    His daughter's wanton cries combined with the tightness of her
 spasming twat and the sight of his impossibly thick shaft stretching
 her hairless cuntslit was all too much for Don and he felt his own
 orgasm rushing up from his aching balls.

    "Uhhhg! Jesus!... I'm coming too, baby!", yelled Don, fucking into
 her little body like a pile-driver. "Up your cunt!... Cumming up your
 tight, sweet, little cunt!...OOHHHH, BABY! OHH, GODDDDD! YOU GORGEOUS
 LITTLE CUNT!.. FUCK!.. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH!"

    Melissa's eyes fluttered wildly as her father's cock jerked inside
 her, filling her quivering twat to the brim with load after load of hot,
 scalding cum.

    "Uuuuhh yesssss, give it to me Daddy!... Come in my cunt!!!" Melissa
 screeched, her little pussy convulsing around his throbbing prick. "Cum,
 Daddy! Cummm!"

    As they climaxed together, Don continued to drive his spurting cock
 into the little girl's frothy hole, never letting up for an instant as
 he fucked his squirming daughter with all the strength he could muster.
 Melissa thrashed her ass about, writhing and squealing in frenzied
 abandon, her titties so small and firm that there was almost no movement
 in them at all.

    As her father repeatedly rammed his prick into her to the hilt,
 Melissa felt a familiar sensation begin to spread rapidly from deep
 inside her juice-filled cunt. Her blue eyes opened and closed and her
 blonde hair flew as another powerful orgasm wracked her tiny body.

    "Oh God! Oh God!...Ooooh, I'm cumming again, Daddy! Uuhhhh, I love
 cock..... love your big hard cock, Daddy!... Fuck me and come in my
 cunt... Ahhhh!.. and I'll suck you off... and you can lick my pussy
 and...ohhhh, I don't ever wanna stop cumming!"

    Don smiled to himself as he listened to her excitingly depraved
 words. Things were going to be very different around the Harvey
 household from now on, that was for sure!

    "Oh yes, Honey", he grunted, slamming into her cunt, "Yes, yes and
 yes!"

    He marvelled at the change in his sweet little daughter. Melissa was
 no longer the demure young teenager he knew and loved. Somewhere,
 somehow she had lost her virginity and gained an appetite for sex that
 seemed almost unquenchable. At the touch of his cock, his sweet little
 girl had turned into a wild, passionate young woman, willing to do
 anything and everything to fulfill the powerful feelings of adolescent
 lust that pervaded her nubile young body, and after the fantastic sex
 they'd just shared, Don wanted nothing better than to give his baby girl
 anything and everything her horny little heart desired. His only problem
 was fucking Melissa whenever they had the urge without Helen or Dennis
 finding out.

    Little did Don know that at that very moment, hundreds of miles away
 in some roadside motel-room, halfway to Phoenix, Dennis was slamming
 his cock into his naked, squealing mother like a young stud horse...
 and Helen was loving every second of it.

                          The End... (for now!)

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------
 If you liked this story, please leave a message to EROS in the
 AdultLinks echo A_EROS_TXT, and keep your eyes peeled for the next
 exciting episode.

 If you don't have MELISSA #1, #2 or #3, please call my BBS, The BLUE
 ROOM on (079)751434 - (International dialers call +61-79-751434).

                             Eros (SysOp)
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------

               
                                                        
                     MELISSA                                
                                                       
                                      "Mom's Horny Sister"  
                                                       
               
                                 (By EROS)

       After visiting Aunt Hilda in Phoenix, Dennis & his mom decided to
    drop in unexpectedly on her sister Cathy and her fifteen-year-old son
    Bobby on the way back home. Parking the car in the street, Dennis got
    their luggage out of the car and they went to Cathy's front door.
    Dennis pressed the doorbell button, but nothing happened.

       "Looks like its not working, Mom", said Dennis.

       Helen tried to peer in through the frosted glass, but could see
    nothing. She knocked a couple of times and waited, but there was no
    answer. In frustration, Helen tried the door and found it unlocked.
    Cautiously stepping into the huge house, she calling out.

       "Hello, Cathy... Bobby! Anybody there?"

       Dennis came in behind his mother, carrying their bags.

       "They wouldn't go anywhere without locking up, would they, Mom?"

       "Surely not," said Helen, moving further into the house. "Cathy,
    where are you? It's Helen and Dennis!"

        Still there was no reply.

       "They can't be far away," Helen said. "Let's see if they're in the
    back."

       Dennis put down the bags he was carrying and followed his mother.
    They walked down the long hallway, looking into each room in turn,
    finding them all empty.

       As they approached the main bedroom, Helen sensed something, and her
    breathing quickened. She paused, suddenly causing Dennis to bump into
    her. She turned to him and put a finger to her lips.

       "What's wrong, Mom?", whispered Dennis,

       "Shhhhh! Listen!", she hissed.

       They both froze, standing face to face, listening intently. Strange
    noises were coming from the bedroom at the end of the hall. It was her
    sister's room as far as Helen could remember. Bobby's was across the
    hall. She'd checked it, and it had been empty. As they stood listening
    in the darkened hallway, Helen suddenly became acutely aware of her
    son's hard young body pressed firmly against hers. Dennis hadn't moved
    since he'd bumped into her, and despite the situation in which they
    found themselves, the boy's nearness sent an uncontrollable tingle of
    lust throbbing through her cunt.

       Helen could feel the bulge of her son's prick against her thigh. The
    heat of it through the front of his pants filled her with a strange
    excitement. With a shiver, Helen fought off a sudden urge to reach down
    and grab the boy's cock. Instead, she marvelled at how easily aroused
    she had become, in just a few short days. With great effort, she
    dragged her concentration back to the sounds coming her sister's open
    bedroom door. The noises were faint and muffled. And there were soft
    little grunts from a second person.

       "Stay here," whispered Helen, motioning for Dennis to remain where
    he was.

       Moving quietly down the hall, Helen found herself trembling. She
    knew her sister very well, or so she thought. Now, she wasn't so sure.
    She peered into the bedroom, noticing as she did so, how neat and clean
    it was, like the rest of her sister's house. The room was empty, but
    the sounds she had heard were more pronounced now.

       Helen stepped into the room and looked towards the partly open
    bathroom door. Cathy must be in the bathroom, she thought. She crept
    across the deep, luxurious carpet with light steps, and peeked
    carefully into the bathroom. Helen's eyes went wide open, as did her
    mouth, when she saw the source of the noises.

       Her sister was in the bathroom alright, but so was her nephew, and
    they were both only partly clothed. Bobby was naked from the waist
    down, and stood before his mother who was on her knees between his
    legs, her face buried in the boy's crotch. Cathy wore only a pair of
    tiny, lace panties, the rest of her clothes, and Bobby's, were
    scattered all over the bathroom floor.

       Helen froze, stifling a gasp as she stared at her sister and nephew.
    She hardly even noticed her own son step up behind her and peek over
    her shoulder. With her heart pounding loudly, Helen could only watch as
    Cathy continued sucking on Bobby's erect cock, blissfully unaware of
    their presence.

       Her sister's mouth moved expertly up and down the boy's saliva-wet
    shaft, and, by the way Bobby held his mother's head and fucked his cock
    into her mouth, Helen suspected that this wasn't the first time that
    they'd done this sort of thing together. Cathy's mouth slid noisily
    back and forth on her son's wet prick, her soft purring and Bobby's
    grunts of pleasure amplified loudly in the small room.

       'No wonder they didn't hear us come in', thought Helen, gazing
    glassy-eyed at her nephew's stiff cock. The way her sister's lips slid
    up and down the boy's thick, glistening shaft excited her immensely.
    She shivered, feeling a familiar heat swell between her legs, the
    cheeks of her ass tightening, her pussy leaking hot juices of arousal
    into her panties.

       Although he was only fifteen, Bobby had one of the biggest cock's
    she'd ever seen. It was a beautiful cock, a young, hard cock. Helen
    found herself comparing it to her son's equally large tool. As she
    watched, Helen couldn't prevent herself from imagining her own mouth
    wrapped around young Bobby's man-sized weapon. She closed her thighs
    tightly, and a ripple of tingling hunger burned through her cunt.

       Dennis stood behind his mother, equally excited by what he saw. His
    attention was firmly fixed on his aunt's scantily clad body, and as he
    gazed at the flawless shape of her firm, up-tilted tits and tight,
    rounded ass, the teenager's cock began to swell uncontrollably in his
    pants. He stared at the dark, silk-encased mound between his aunt's
    creamy thighs and muttered under his breath when he saw how wet the
    crotch of her tight panties was.

       "Jesus Christ!", he breathed.

       The sound of her son's whispered exclamation right next to her ear
    startled Helen out of her trance-like state and she suddenly realized
    how embarrassing it would be to be caught uninvited in her sister's
    house, spying on her sex life, no matter how illicit that sex life may
    be.

       She became aware of Dennis pressing against her body. She felt his
    cock probing once more at her thigh, and with a tremor, backed away
    from the bathroom door, pushing her son with her. Grabbing Dennis by
    the hand, Helen pulled him from the bedroom and headed for the front
    door, her heart beating wildly in her chest. It pounded as much from
    the thought of being caught as it did from what they had just witnessed
    in the bathroom. They grabbed their bags and hurried out to the car.
    Helen got into the driver's side and sat gripping the steering wheel,
    gazing in a vacant way, sitting rigid. Dennis sat beside her, his
    expression almost the same as hers.

       "God, Mom! Did you see the way Aunt Cathy was going down on Bobby's
    cock?", asked Dennis finally. Helen was still a little shocked. She
    couldn't get what she had just seen out of her mind. It was there, as
    vivid as if they were still watching.

       "Y... yes, I... I sure did, honey!", she said, still staring
    straight ahead.

       "What are we gonna do now, Mom?"

       "Um... Well, we can't let them know that we saw them.", said Helen,
    starting the engine. "So we'll just drive up to the nearest phone and
    call Cathy to say we're coming."

       "Yeah!... Neat plan, Mom!"

        Helen drove back the way they had come and stopped at the first gas
    station she found.

       "You stay here, hon. I won't be long."

       Helen opened the door and swung her long legs out, her dress riding
    high. Dennis, who was still in a state of high excitement after what
    they had just seen, noticed his mother's exposed thighs at once and sat
    back to admire them. He wished her dress would ride up a little further
    so he could see her crotch, but all he got was a brief flash of creamy
    thigh. His mind flashed back to the gorgeous semi-naked body of his
    Aunt Cathy as Dennis watched his mother's firm, round ass bob off
    towards the gas station. Two of a kind, he thought with pleasure.

       Helen found a pay phone and dialed her sister's number. It seemed to
    ring forever, but finally she heard a click at the other end and Cathy
    answered. Her sister sounded short of breath. Helen wasn't at all
    surprised.

       "Hello?"

       "Hi, Cathy! Guess who!"

       "Helen! Hi! I didn't expect it to be you. How's my big sister?"

       "Fine, fine! But, you sound a bit out of breath, Cath."

       "Um, yeah. I was.. eh... out in the garden when the phone rang. You
    caught me by surprise."

       Helen smiled. 'You don't know the half of it, baby sister!', she
    thought.

       "I'm just a few blocks away. Dennis is with me, and I thought I
    should call to make sure you were home before we dropped in. You're not
    tied up with something are you?"

       There was a definite pause before Cathy answered, and Helen smiled
    again, guessing what was going through her sister's mind right now.

       "No, sis! Bobby was just helping me move some stuff in the garden,
    nothing important. Come right on over."

       "Okay, see you in about five minutes, Cath... Bye!"

       Helen hung up and went back to the car, smiling from ear to ear as
    she pictured her sister and nephew frantically trying to clothe
    themselves and tidy up before she and Dennis arrived.

       "What's so funny, Mom?", asked Dennis as Helen slid back into the
    drivers seat.

       "Oh, nothing. I was just thinking about something your Aunt Cathy
    said, that's all", said Helen starting the car. "I told her we'd be
    about five minutes. You want something to eat or drink before we leave,
    honey?"

       "No thanks, Mom. Food is the last thing on my mind right now", said
    Dennis with a lewd grin. He put his hand on his mother's thigh and
    squeezed gently.

       Helen glanced down at the huge bulge in her son's crotch.

       "Cool it, stud!", she said, pulling out onto the road. "As much as
    I'd like to... while we're staying at Cathy's place, we have to try and
    act like a mother and son should, okay?"

       "Aw! Why, Mom?", whined Dennis, "You saw Aunt Cathy and Bobby.
    They're doin' it just like we are. Probably been doin' it longer! Why
    don't we tell 'em and see what happens. I'd sure like to get a little
    of what cousin Bobby was getting back there!"

       Helen was silent. She pondered what her son was suggesting, and
    despite a pang of jealousy, she sensed he was right, but still she
    couldn't bring herself to tell her sister that she was fucking her own
    son and that she had secretly spied on her and Bobby in their own home.

       "Let's just play it by ear, son, okay?", said Helen finally.

       "Okay! You're the boss, Mom!"

       As she drove up in front of her sister's house once more, Helen was
    emotionally confused. This trip had been one sexual roller coaster ride
    after another. She'd fucked her own son... and loved every mind-blowing
    second of it!... She'd watched her sister and nephew in the act of oral
    sex... and enjoyed it! Dennis seemed to be able to accept everything
    that happened without a second thought. But he was only sixteen, and
    the deeper Helen got in her forbidden relationship with her son, the
    more she thought about the possible consequences.

       Jesus! What if somebody ever found out? The shame would be
    unbearable!... Maybe Cathy could help. As teenagers, they had always
    been able to share the most intimate secrets and work most things out
    together. By the time Helen stood at her sister's front door, she had
    resolved to ask her sister for advice, no matter how embarrassing it
    might be. After all, as Dennis had rightly pointed out, they were all
    in the same boat.

       Cathy and Bobby greeted them as if nothing had happened, acting like
    the perfect mother and son, helping them settle in and chatting about
    the rest of the family as they had always done whenever Helen had
    visited. But this time Helen knew different, the image of Bobby's cock
    sliding stiffly in and out of her sister's mouth was always there. She
    kept stealing glances at the boy's crotch and found to her
    embarrassment, she couldn't keep her eyes off him, his firm young body
    was like a magnet to her. Dennis was the same with Cathy. His aunt had
    the most gorgeous pair of tits the boy had ever seen. And what made
    matters worse, he knew what they looked like naked! His cock was hard
    all through dinner just watching his beautiful aunt's move about the
    room.

       After dinner, Bobby asked Dennis if he'd like to go down to the
    mall, apparently it was the local hangout for kids his age. But, after
    ogling his pretty Aunt Cathy all evening, Dennis was pretty horny and
    didn't really want to go. He finally gave in at his mother's
    insistence, and Bobby and Dennis left, promising not to be too late.
    Helen was relieved. She wanted to spend a little time with Cathy to try
    and sort things out before she went crazy. When the boys left, Cathy
    and Helen moved into the living room, taking a bottle of wine and
    glasses with them.

       "So, what have you been doing with yourself, sis?", asked Cathy,
    sitting down on the sofa next to her sister.

       "Nothing much", replied Helen, taking a big gulp from the glass that
    Cathy gave her. She was uneasy, and unsure about how to broach the
    subject.

       Cathy sensed that something wasn't quite right with her sister. She
    had been very quiet all through dinner, which wasn't at all like the
    vivacious sister she knew and loved.

       "What's wrong, Helen?", asked Cathy, moving closer to her on the
    couch. Helen looked into her sister's deep blue eyes and sighed.

       "I don't know how to tell you this, Cathy!", she choked.

       Cathy threw her arm around her sister, staring at her with concern.
    "What is it, sis?... What's troubling you, honey?"

       Helen finally found the courage.

       "You know when I phoned you this afternoon?", she asked.

       "Yes, what about it?"

       "Well Dennis and I were here.... um... We were here earlier... and
    we....umm..."

       It suddenly struck Cathy what her sister was trying to say.

       "So... you sneaked in and caught Bobby and me at it, did you?" Cathy
    grinned, showing not the least shyness. Helen nodded her head,
    surprised that her sister could be so calm about it.

       "That damned son of mine,", Cathy said, with a fond smile. "I told
    him to lock the front door, but I bet he was too eager to get his cock
    sucked to remember to do it."

       "I've got a confession to make too, Cathy", said Helen uneasily. "On
    the trip up here, Dennis and I.... um... well we kind of...."

       "You're fucking Dennis, aren't you sis!", gasped Cathy.

       "Yes. I don't know how it happened, but I it did."

       Cathy smiled.

       "Did you like it, sis?", she asked, placing her hand on Helen's
    thigh. Helen took another mouthful of wine and answered without
    hesitation.

       "Yes! Oh, yes! I loved it! He has such a big, strong powerful cock,
    Cathy!"

       "Mmmmmm, so does Bobby, I can't get enough of it!", admitted Cathy.

       Helen threw her arms around her sister and hugged her hard.

       "I thought I was going to go crazy for a while!", sobbed Helen. "I
    felt so guilty having sex with own son!"

       Cathy hugged her sister back. Stroking her hand up and down Helen's
    leg in a soothing manner.

       "It was worse for me, sis!", she said. "After Tom died, I realized
    how important sex was in my life. I couldn't do without it. I got so
    desperate I began to pick up men in bars, but it wasn't satisfying.
    Then one night, I came home drunk and horny. Bobby was awake. He put me
    to bed, but I was so far gone, when he took off my clothes I made a
    grab for his cock, and before we both knew what was happening, he was
    fucking me. And guess what, sis?"

       "What?"

       "I loved it!", admitted Cathy, emptying her glass. "I simply loved
    every fucking minute of it! He fucked me all night, sis! All I had to
    do was suck on that gorgeous cock of his and it'd jump right up again.
    God, how I love young cock!"

       Helen was astounded. Her sister had never shown this side of herself
    before. But she somehow suspected that Cathy and herself were like peas
    in a pod, mainly because she'd had exactly the same feelings about
    Dennis.

       "We're very much alike, Cathy," said Helen. "... sexually I mean."

       "More than you know, big sister!", moaned Cathy, running her hand up
    between Helen's thighs.

       Helen stiffened suddenly. Her sister's touch was becoming much too
    intimate, but the wine she had consumed relaxed her. It felt good to
    have fingers touching her cunt once more, no matter whose they were.
    Cathy was whispering in her ear.

       "Remember when we were teenagers, Helen", cooed Cathy. "We used to
    watch each other jack off in bed at night... remember that?"

       Helen did remember. Those were the days when they'd come home from
    their dates and masturbate in bed, telling each other about the boys
    they'd been out with and how far they'd gone with them.

       "Yes," she murmured weakly, as Cathy's fingers found her moistening
    slit.

       "I used to get so hot watching you play with your cunt, Cathy. It
    looked so soft and wet and juicy, I often wondered what it would feel
    like against my face.... Yes, Helen, I wanted to taste your pussy, even
    then."

       "You didn't say a thing," breathed Helen

       "I didn't know if you'd let me," breathed Cathy, running her fingers
    up between her sister's thighs.

       Helen found the sensation pleasurable to say the least, and despite
    the wine she had consumed, she knew that deep down, she had felt the
    very same illicit desires, even as a child.

       "I would have, Cathy," gasped Helen, as she felt her sister's
    fingers rubbing her overheated cunt.

       Helen lifted her arms, and Cathy flung herself into them. They
    hugged tightly. Their lips met in a feverish kiss, and the two horny
    sisters clung to each other, murmuring and gasping as their hands moved
    over each other's body. Breathing hotly and sucking at each other's
    mouth, they rubbed tits. When Cathy's tongue pushed into into her
    mouth, Helen sucked it eagerly. When Cathy began to shove a hand under
    her dress, Helen melted and flung her knees wide apart. She moaned into
    her sister's sucking mouth as she felt Cathy's fingers between her legs
    once more. Her cunt responded with throbbing heat. Cathy made a
    whimpering sound against Helen's wet mouth, and rubbed her fingers into
    the deep groove of her sister's panties.

       "So hot, Helen!", Cathy whispered huskily, slipping her fingers
    inside the tight panties, toying with the soft pussy-hair. "I've wanted
    to do this ever since high school!"

       Trembling, Helen pushed her hand under the denim of her sister's
    skirt, pleasantly surprised to find Cathy naked underneath.

       "Well," Cathy said, "You didn't give me much time to change, Sis.
    Besides, Bobby likes me to walk around the house this way."

       "Mmmmm, I bet Dennis would like me to do that at home too," replied
    Helen. "But I think he'd also like it if I wore sexy panties, and gave
    him a flash every now and then."

       "I remember a pair you had when we were teenagers. Your tight ass
    looked so sweet in them." Cathy rubbed at Helen's inflamed clit,
    bringing moans of pleasure from her. Helen cupped her sister's cunt,
    feeling the wet heat, then working a finger in and out slowly, making
    Cathy gasp.

       "Open your legs more," Cathy said.

       Helen flung her legs wide, her dress riding high, stretching over
    her slim thighs. Cathy pulled Helen's panties aside, and eased a finger
    up Helen's cunt. They finger-fucked each other, becoming more and more
    excited, wiggling and twisting, kissing and licking.

       "Let me see your tits," Cathy said, working her pussy-wet fingers at
    her sister's dress. She opened the top and purred as Helen's firm,
    round tits's bounced into her hands.

       "Mmmmm, you've always had such beautiful tits. I bet Dennis could
    suck them all day."

       "Lately, he has been!", boasted Helen. ".... and a lot more!"

       "I'll bet!", breathed Cathy. "Is he good, Sis? How big is his cock?"

       "God, Cathy, it's huge! It fills me up like nothing I've ever felt
    before! I just come and come when he sticks that fat thing inside my
    pussy!"

       Cathy's eyes lit up like fireworks. Being partial to young cock,
    she'd noticed the telltale bulge Dennis had in the front of his pants
    all night, and right away sized her nephew up as a fuck prospect, but
    this was better than she'd ever hoped for.

       "We've got to get out of our fucking clothes!", hissed Cathy hotly.

       They undressed feverishly, their eyes burning as their satiny flesh
    was exposed. When they were naked, Cathy lay down on the couch and
    pulled Helen on top of her. The two horny sisters clung to each other
    desperately, squeezing each other's tits and squirming their drooling
    cunts together in a frenzy of incestuous lesbian lust.

       "Oh, Helen! I can't stand it any longer. Let me lick your cunt,
    honey!"

       Helen murmured her agreement and with a cry of hunger, turned around
    until her pussy was directly over her sister's face. Cathy found
    herself gazing up into the juiciest, sweetest-looking little slit that
    she had ever seen, and Cathy had seen a few. This wasn't the first time
    she'd sucked another woman's twat, but she was sure of one thing.... it
    was going to be the most exciting! She lifted her head and extended her
    tongue, taking a long swipe which extended the full length of Helen's
    hairy gash.

       "Mmmmm, nice and juicy! Just the way I like it," moaned Cathy
    huskily.

       "Spread you legs a bit more, so I can get at you better. Helen did
    as her sister instructed, at the same time lowering her head into
    Cathy's sweet-scented crotch.

       Cathy spread her own legs and ran her hands up Helen's thighs,
    cupping her compact ass, then pulled her sister's firey cunt down onto
    her mouth.

       "Ohhhhh, Cath, honeyy, yesssss!", Helen cried out, and buried her
    own face into Cathy's hot, dripping pussy, clutching her sister's
    writhing ass with trembling hands.

       Cathy lapped hungrily at Helen's cunt, licking her knotted clit,
    dragging her tongue expertly over the the hairy slit, frequently
    dipping deep inside to taste her sister's sweet pussy-juices. Feeling
    Helen's hot tongue licking the outside of her cunt, Cathy arched her
    hips, eager for deeper contact with her sister's wonderful mouth.

       "Inside! Put your tongue inside my cunt! Fuck me with it!", pleaded
    Cathy.

       Helen had never tried this sort of thing before, but the more her
    sister wiggled her stiff tongue up inside her gooey twat, the more
    Helen liked it. So, following her sister's advice, she tried to return
    the favour.

       The feel of Cathy's hot inner thighs pressing against her cheeks
    excited Helen. She inhaled the heady scent of her sister's steamy cunt,
    and quickly found herself sucking and licking in a frenzy, twisting her
    face into the soft, hairy slit with as much energy as she sucked her
    son's cock.

       "Ooooh, yeah! Now you've got it, hon!", Cathy moaned from between
    Helen's thighs. "Lick my cunt, Sis!... Ohhh Jesus, I've wanted to suck
    your cunt for so long!"

       She gasped when she felt Helen's stiff tongue slip into her pussy,
    sliding in deeply. She bucked up and down, mashing her cunt onto
    Helen's eager face and sucking frantically at the dripping slit above
    her own. Cathy felt for Helen's tiny little asshole with a fingertip,
    then pulled her asscheeks apart and licked at the pink, puckered
    opening with the tip of her tongue. Helen squealed with pleasure and
    arched her back.

      "Ohh, Cathy! What are you d... doing? God! It feels so good! Lick it
    again!"

       "Mmmmm, lick mine, Sis!", ordered Cathy. "Lick my asshole too,
    honey!"

       Helen complied, finding that she liked it. Soon, both women were
    sucking and licking each other's juice-smeared loins from asshole to
    clit, and the room filled with deep moans of pleasure and the loud, wet
    slurping of two hungry mouths. They were soon thrashing and writhing
    around so violently that they rolled off the couch, still clinging to
    each other like mating leeches. Once on the soft carpet of the living
    room floor, the two sisters rolled around in wanton abandon, with Helen
    on top of her sister as often as she was on the bottom. Her nipples
    brushed the hot flesh of Cathy's firm stomach, tingling deliciously.

       Cathy's hands moved over her sister's spread ass, her lips closing
    over Helen's furry cuntslit, sucking hard. She nibbled at her sister's
    clit, pushed her tongue as far as it would go between her sister's
    gaping cuntlips, and fucked it wildly, getting the same treatment from
    Helen. They began to tremble and shake almost violently. Clutching at
    each other, both women smashed their mouths as hard as they could into
    each other's cunts, and began to moan at the same time. The hot fluids
    of Cathy's cunt coated Helen's lower face. She cried out with delight
    when her sister began grinding into her face, eating at her cunt as if
    in a feeding frenzy, moaning loudly.

       With a cry into Cathy's cunt, Helen started coming, Her pussy
    grabbing at her sister's tongue, squeezing it as the contractions of a
    powerful orgasm exploded deep in her twat. She felt, almost at the same
    time, Cathy's cunt gripping her buried tongue, and she rammed it in as
    deep as she could, feeling Cathy's cunt spasm around it and against her
    lips. She felt what her son must feel on his cock when she came, and
    understood his pleasure much better. Shivering with glowing pleasure,
    they rolled away from each other, lying on their backs, breathing
    deeply, calming down. Their faces glistened wetly with pussy-juices,
    but neither felt inclined to wipe the stuff off. After a long minute,
    they sat up, and stared at each other, then burst into a fit of
    giggling.

       "Ooooh, Cathy. That was fantastic!", Helen said, finally. "I loved
    it!"

       "You and me both!"

       "Does that make us strange?"

       "It only makes us a couple of hot women, I'd say," Cathy said. "You
    aren't ashamed or anything, are you?"

       "Not at all," replied Helen quickly. "But I like cock you know... I
    mean, I loved eating your cunt, but I love cock more."

       "So do I!", Cathy chuckled. "Especially Bobby's cock!"

       Helen grinned. "And Dennis' cock too, I suppose. I saw the way you
    were looking at him during dinner, Cathy."

       "Guilty as charged, Sis! I just can't keep my hands off young
    boys!... especially ones as cute as Bobby and Dennis"

       "Didn't it ever bother you that Bobby's your own son, Cathy?", asked
    Helen. "I mean, sometimes I get a little ashamed that I'm fucking
    Dennis."

       "Yeah, it used to bother me, ages ago, when Bobby and I first
    started screwing. But now, once he gets that big cock of his into my
    cunt I just forget everything and enjoy it. For a young kid, he's
    really got man-sized equipment you know, Sis."

       "Mmmmm, I know! We saw you in the bathroom remember?", laughed
    Helen.

       "Yeah, I forgot. I guess you got a good look then, huh Sis?"

       "More than enough to whet my appetite, Cathy, let me tell you! Once
    I got over the initial shock of finding you like that, I had the urge
    to rip off Dennis' clothes and fuck him right there on the floor!"

       "You should have!", said Cathy. "Bobby and I have done it in much
    stranger places!"

       Helen ran her hand along her sister's thigh, then into her soft
    moist pussy hair.

       "I think Dennis wants to fuck you Cathy."

       "Mmmmm, all he has to do is ask, Sis!", Cathy laughed sexily,
    reaching for her sister's cunt. She bent and kissed Helen's nipples,
    one at a time.

       "You can fuck Dennis, Cathy... on one condition" husked Helen,
    worming a finger into Cathy's cunt.

       "What's that, Sis?"

       "I get to fuck Bobby!"

       Cathy grinned lewdly. "I kind of guessed that's what it would be.
    Mmmmmmm, swapping son's, what a great idea! Uhhhhhh, Helen you do that
    so goooooood!" Both women began to breath faster as their busy fingers
    probed each other's slippery slits. They kissed and cuddled and
    finger-fucked each other to orgasm, each thinking about the other's
    son, and the fun to follow.

       When Bobby and Dennis returned, they found their mothers sitting on
    the couch, finishing the last of their second bottle of wine. The
    sisters had bathed and changed their clothes, but at Cathy's
    insistence, both wore no underwear. Bobby knew something was up when he
    noticed the familiar look of anticipation his mother got just before
    they had sex, but he said nothing. He looked instead at Helen.

       Somehow his aunt's tits seemed bigger, and rounder, and he could see
    her nipples pressing cheekily against the thin material of her blouse.
    When he was the wide expanse of creamy thigh Helen's short skirt
    revealed, his young cock began to swell in his pants. Dennis was
    similarly captivated by his Aunt Cathy, and by the time they had seated
    themselves opposite their mothers, both boys were sporting rather
    conspicuous bulges in the front of their tight pants.

       Helen gazed at her son, then at Bobby, her eyes lowering to his
    crotch. Cathy watched her sister, smiling at her eagerness. She crossed
    her legs, letting her skirt slide way up her thighs. This brought looks
    from Bobby and Dennis who for now, were content to just watch, waiting
    to see what was going to happen. Not to be outdone, Helen uncrossed her
    knees and opened her legs until both boys could see right up between
    her lewdly parted thighs.

       "Mom, you're not wearing any panties!", blurted Dennis, staring at
    his mother's naked cunt with hotly gleaming eyes.

       Cathy stood up and stepped out of her skirt. She sat down again and
    spread her knees wide apart, her cunt exposed wantonly to her son and
    nephew.

       "Neither am I, honey!", she said, her voice almost a whisper.

       "Jesus, Aunt Cathy, you're giving me a hard-on," said Dennis,
    squeezing his crotch.

       "I've had a hard-on ever since we came in," Bobby said.

       "So I noticed," said Helen, removing her own skirt.

       She tossed it onto the floor and walked seductively over to Bobby.
    The boy stared at his aunt's bulging pussy as she approached, watching
    how the moist, hairy lips rubbed together with every step she took.
    Cathy watched from the couch, breathing heavily as her sister stopped
    in front of her son. Bobby's face was only inches from his aunt's
    pussy.

      "Your mother and I have come to a little agreement, Bobby", said
    Helen.

      "What kind of agreement, Aunt Helen?", asked the boy, unable to take
    his eyes off his aunt's juicy-looking cuntslit.

       "Well, as it turns out, you've been fucking your mom, and Dennis has
    been fucking me. So, your mother and I kind of decided to swap for the
    evening. What do you think of the idea, Bobby?"

       Bobby stood up and began to undress.

       "I love it! I've had the hots for you ever since you arrived, Aunt
    Helen!... Gee, this is gonna be outta sight!"

       Helen took off her blouse and then helped Bobby take off his
    clothes. Cathy looked over at Dennis and winked.

       "Well don't just sit there, handsome," she purred. "Come over here
    and let me see if that lump in your pants is as big as I think it is!"

       "You mean I really get to fuck you, Aunt Cathy?" asked Dennis
    incredulously.

       "I should hope so, honey," Cathy said, stripping off the rest of her
    clothes. Looking at Dennis through lust-slitted eyes she rubbed a
    couple of fingers into her moist slit. "Mmmm, and you'd better hurry.
    My poor pussy is in desperate need of some good hard cock, baby!"

       Dennis stood up and stripped off his clothes as fast as he could,
    his eyes glued to the juicy, wet gash between his aunt's wide-spread
    thighs. When Cathy saw her nephew's cock spring free, she sat back on
    the couch and drew her knees up to her tits, spreading her cunt and ass
    for him.

       "Fuck me, Dennis!", Cathy said, staring at the boy's huge erection.
    "Please fuck me now, baby!"

       Helen looked over her shoulder as Dennis moved towards the couch.
    She was panting with heat, her fingers wrapped tightly around Bobby's
    mammoth tool.

       "Yeah! Fuck her, Dennis! Fuck my sister! I want to see your big cock
    ramming up her hot cunt, baby. Fuck the piss out of her!", gasped
    Helen, flopping down on the couch beside her sister. She too raised her
    knees, until her cunt was a gaping scarlet gash glistening wetly
    between her wide-open thighs.

       "Come on, Bobby, put it in baby! Ram your cock up my fucking cunt"

       The boys moved swiftly. The two cunt's offered so wantonly made them
    quiver with excitement, their hard cocks jerking up and down. As Dennis
    sank to his knees in front of her, Cathy grabbed the boy's cock stuffed
    it eagerly into her hot cunt, gasping at the deep penetration. She
    wrapped her arms behind her knees, pushing her ass up and sliding her
    cunt to the base of Dennis' cock.

       Bobby knelt on the floor between Helen's open thighs and thrust his
    cock into her gaping pussy with a force that made his aunt squeal. He
    grasped her slender hips, pulling her cunt onto his cock as he fucked
    her, rocking her naked body and making her tits jiggle from the force.

       "Ahhhhh! You gorgeous prick! Smash my cunt, Bobby!", Helen cried
    out. "Beat my cunt! Fuck it! Ohhhhhhh, yes, baby, fuck it hard!"

       On the couch, Cathy was squealing just as loudly as Dennis slammed
    his prick into her again and again.

       "Uhhhh, Dennis, ram it to me!", she sobbed. "Oh, baby, fuck the piss
    out me lover! Screw the piss out of your aunt's hot fuckin' cunt!"

       The wet, fleshy sounds were loud as the two boys fucked their aunt's
    vigorously. Bobby watched his cousin's cock stabbing in and out of his
    mother's cunt, the long, thick shaft glistening with wetness, and
    Dennis gazed down at his mother as she churned her naked ass, her hairy
    pussy being pounded relentlessly by Bobby's massive cock. Cathy and
    Helen writhed in ecstasy, thrashing their naked butts around wildly.
    The boy's fucked faster and faster, and with a cry Cathy twisted her
    face until she could pull her sister's tit into her mouth, sucking the
    jiggling orb as hard as she could.

       "Ohhhh, Bobby! You gorgeous young stud!," squealed Helen, holding
    onto her nephew's shoulders as the boy fucked his entire rock-hard
    length into her pussy. "Jesus, Cathy, this is fantastic!"

       "I told you he could fuck, didn't I, hon" "Uhhhhhhnnnggghh, what a
    pair of studs our sons are! I could do this forever!... Mmmmmmmm! Uhhh!
    Uhhhhhh! Oh fuckin' Jesus that's good!"

       Bobby looked over at Dennis, a sly smile forming on his handsome
    young features.

       "Wanna swap for a while, Dennis?"

       "Sure, why not", said Bobby, a little reluctantly.

       Bobby and Dennis suddenly switched places, fucking their own
    mothers.

       "Ummmmmm, fuck me, Bobby!", Cathy told her son. "Fuck me like you
    always do, baby, hard and fast. Make momma feel it, honey! Ohhh, Bobby,
    give it to me!"

       Helen watched Bobby's long, thick cock slam into her sister's cunt
    like a battering ram as the boy pounded his hips strongly into Cathy's
    gaping twat, fucking his delirious mother with deep, savage thrusts
    that literally took her breath away. She looked up at her son with
    lust-slitted eyes.

       "Fuck me like that too, Denny!", she gasped, grabbing the muscular
    cheeks of his small ass. "Fuck momma as hard as Bobby is fucking Cathy!
    Really give it to me, baby!"

       Dennis grinned down at his horny mother and lifted her legs up over
    his shoulders, at the same time ramming his huge prick deep into her
    upthrust cuntmound.

       "OHHH! OHHHHHHHH! GOD YES! FUCK ME, BABY! SCREW MY FUCKIN' ASS OFF
    BABY!", screamed Helen as she felt her son's prick slam into the very
    back of her cunt. His hard young cock seemed longer and thicker than
    normal, but Helen put that down to the upthrust position of her cunt,
    and the angle of entry which allowed her son' cock to penetrate so much
    deeper. "Christ, Dennis!", she gasped, rotating her hot ass more
    rapidly. "Uuuuh, your cock feels so goddamn big!"

       "It is, Mom!", giggled her son, and bucked his hips at her until
    Helen began to moan uncontrollably, whimpering with the sheer pleasure
    his hotly pumping cock was giving her.

       Cathy gazed at her nephew's cock slicing back and forth in her
    sister's frothy cunt. She noticed the abundant juices exuding from
    Helen's ravaged slit, and suddenly had the urge to stick her tongue in
    there beside her nephew's cock and suck Helen off while she was being
    fucked. Her own son was fucking her well enough, but she wanted more...
    she wanted to be as lewd and as dirty as possible tonight, the pleasure
    would be beyond belief.

       "Go for it, Dennis, go for it!", Cathy urged her nephew. "Give your
    mother a good, hard fuck! Then you can swap with Bobby again and do the
    same for me, baby!"

       Dennis muttered a reply and leaned across to kiss his aunt's sexily
    parted lips. Cathy opened her mouth and kissed him back, passionately.

       "Shit! I'm so fuckin' horny, I can't stand it!", gasped Cathy when
    Dennis finally pulled his lips from hers. "Ohhhh, make me come, Bobby!
    Make mommy come!"

       Bobby was grunting, his mother's cunt squeezing his cock, wet and
    hot and tight. He knew she was real close to orgasm, and did everything
    he could to make her come quickly. His own orgasm was a long way off,
    but the sooner he could make his mother cream, the sooner he could get
    his cock back into his aunt's tight, hot little snatch again. His
    mother was available anytime, but fucking his beautiful, sexy aunt
    excited him beyond belief

       "Come!", snarled Bobby, really ramming his mother hard. "Come for me
    you hot, fuckin' horny cunt!" He knew his mother loved him to talk
    dirty to her just before she climaxed. It made her go wild. Bobby
    continued to mutter obcenities at his mother as he watched her thrash
    around mindlessly beneath him, making gurgling sounds as if she could
    hardly breathe. "Squirt your stuff all over my big fat mother-fuckin'
    prick, and come, you hot-cunted bitch!"

       Bobby's words had the desired effect on his excited mother, and
    Cathy was soon squealing loudly, her head twisting from side to side,
    her heels digging into the small of her son's back, urging him to fuck
    her deeper. Dennis fucked his own mother with long, smooth strokes,
    content for the moment to just pump his cock into her hot, wet hole at
    a nice steady pace. He stared hungrily at Cathy and Bobby, watching
    them fuck with great interest.

       His sexy aunt sure was one hot piece of ass, he thought, and for a
    second he wished it was him on top of the wildly bucking woman, plowing
    his cock into her hot, quivering snatch, instead of his cousin. Helen
    noticed the look on her son's face and read it accurately. He was a
    horny little prick, she thought, lusting after his aunt even as he
    fucked his own mother. But Helen found she wasn't jealous at all, it
    didn't really matter who fucked who, just as long as she got all the
    pleasure her over-sexed cunt demanded.

       Bobby kept slamming his cock noisily into his mother's spasming
    cunt, grunting and groaning with the effort, mouthing obcenities as he
    fucked her. As her own son's cock slammed rhythmically into her twat,
    Helen couldn't help but listen to Bobby's words with rising excitement.
    She wished that Dennis would talk to her like that sometimes, it was
    really turning her on.

       Beside her, Cathy was writhing in ecstasy, and on impulse, Helen
    bent over and sucked one of her sister's jiggling tits into her mouth,
    squeezing the other with her fingers. Dennis saw what his mother was
    doing and reached under his aunt's heaving ass, slipping a finger deep
    into her the moist heat of the woman's anus. Cathy came on the spot,
    screaming and thrashing like a madwoman.

       "AHHHHHHHGGGHHH! I'M CUMMMMING! OH, FUCK ME, BILLY! UHHHH, YES, SIS!
    SUCK MY TITS! FUCK MY ASS, DENNIS! OHHHH, GODDDDDDD! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK
    ME ALL OF YOU!"

       Cathy's body stiffened as she climaxed like never before, the
    pleasure so intense that she almost blacked out. Her cunt gripped her
    son's cock like a vice, and her tight little rectum convulsed around
    her nephew's twisting finger. Utterly, fulfilled Cathy pulled her son's
    mouth down to hers and kissed him voraciously, then in turn, she kissed
    Helen and Dennis, with equal passion, so happy that they all had given
    her so much pleasure.

       Bobby yanked his cock out of his mother's cunt and fell back onto
    the floor, his still-erect organ at full attention. He gazed at his
    mother, licking his lips at the flood of creamy juices leaking from her
    wide-open slit.

       "Mmmmmm, you look real juicy Mom! Good enough to eat!", he grinned,
    fisting his sticky cock. Cathy pulled open the puffy, wet lips of her
    cunt with both hands, exposing a veritable smorgasbord of pink,
    succulent flesh to her horny young son. She felt so deliciously,
    wantonly depraved, it hurt!

       "Why don't you come over here and see just how tasty momma is today,
    baby!", purred Cathy, rubbing gently around the edges of her jutting
    clit. "I just came, sweetheart but I'm so damn horny I want to come
    again!"

       Bobby scrambled back to the couch and was just about to go down on
    his sexy mother, when he noticed his aunt's eyes on his cock. Dennis
    was still fucking her, but Helen was staring at Bobby's hard prick like
    a starving man eyeing off at a T-bone steak.

       "Mom, why don't I lie down on the couch and you sit on my face.",
    suggested Bobby. "That way, Aunt Helen can suck my cock while I suck
    your cunt!"

       Cathy readily agreed, and stood up so Bobby could lie down on the
    couch. Helen's eyes sparkled with desire as her handsome young nephew's
    cock came within her reach. She grabbed the big, fat pole with her left
    hand and began to yank on it, jerking the boy's cock in time with her
    son's pelvic thrusts.

       Cathy knelt on the couch, straddling her son's head. She faced his
    feet so she could watch the action, and lowered her cunt towards
    Bobby's open mouth with impatient haste. Bobby looked up at his
    mother's descending twat, his lips eager to sample her tasty, seeping
    gash once more.

       "Eat me, Bobby!", whimpered Cathy, mashing her pussy onto the boy's
    upturned face. "Suck out every drop! Ohhhh, I'm so fuckin' horny! I
    need tongue in my pussy!... Yes, baby, yes! Lick deep! Tongue-fuck me
    in the cunt, lover!"

       Bobby grabbed his mother by the ass and rammed his tongue deep into
    her strongly-flavoured cunt. He loved the taste of her, and had done so
    ever since the very first time she'd let him suck her pussy, and now
    they did it regularly, in fact, almost every time they fucked.

       Helen still had hold of Bobby's cock, but as much as she wanted too,
    she found it difficult to twist her head down and take the big, thick
    pole into her mouth. Dennis was pinning her to the couch with his
    weight, completely engrossed as he slammed his cock into her cunt.

       "Dennis, honey, how would you like to fuck me from behind while I
    suck Bobby off?", suggested Helen, running her lips over her son's
    broad, muscular chest.

       "Ok, Mom!", replied Dennis, pulling his cock out of his mother's
    tight, wet cunt. "Can I fuck you in the ass too?

       "Ohhhh, yes baby! Do anything you want!"

       Dennis stood up and watched Cathy and Bobby as he waited for his
    mother to get into position. Bobby had hold of his mother's asscheeks
    with both hands, kneading and pulling on the tight, creamy globes as
    his mouth moved back and forth in her pink, juice-filled snatch. Her
    compact little ass bounced and squirmed in Bobby's hands as Cathy moved
    her hips in tight, downward circles, grinding her cunt into her son's
    sucking mouth with wild abandon.

       Helen knelt between Bobby's thighs with her head in his crotch. She
    nuzzled the boy's stiffly erect cock, running her lips and tongue up
    and down the sticky shaft from tip to base, sucking gently at his
    balls.  Her round, naked ass stuck up into in the air, pointing
    invitingly at her son. Licking his lips, Dennis moved behind his mother
    and positioned his cock between her legs. He bent forward and grasped
    her dangling tits with both hands, the movement causing the big
    purplish head of his cock to drag deliciously through the hot crease of
    his mother's ass and along her slit. Helen took her mouth off Bobby's
    prick for a second and looked back over her shoulder at her son, a
    wanton smile on her beautiful face.

       "Don't play around, Denny! Put that big fat cock back into my cunt
    where it belongs and fuck me good and hard, baby!"

       "You're the boss, Mom!", Dennis grinned back at her.

       Removing his hands from his mother's tits, Dennis grabbed her firmly
    by the hips, and with a single hard thrust, rammed his throbbing
    erection into her cunt. It disappeared into her wet, hairy slit up to
    the balls. Helen moaned at the sudden deep penetration, and, at the
    same instant, crammed her nephew's cock back into her hungry mouth.

       "Jesus, that's tight pussy!", grunted Dennis, fucking his cock
    slowly back and forth in his mother's steamy twat. "Move your hot, sexy
    ass, Mom! Fuck me back!"

       Helen was doing her best. Sucking on Bobby's cock and moving her ass
    back and forth at the same time for her son was a little difficult in
    her cramped position, but after a while, Helen got a comfortable rhythm
    going and finally, had both boys moaning and groaning loudly.

       Cathy was moaning too. With Bobby's face pressed hard against her
    hairy twat, and his sucking mouth plastered over her leaking cunthole,
    Cathy was in seventh heaven. Her son was giving her an expert
    tongue-job, just like he always did, probing and wiggling his stiff,
    lingual organ around inside her gaping slit like an epileptic eel.

       "Uhhhhhhgghhh! Bobby! Stick it in, honey! Yesssss! Fuck momma with
    your tongue!, whimpered Cathy, tossing her head back.

       Dennis fucked his mother with increasing vigour as he watched the
    others. The sight of his beautiful, naked aunt squirming her juicy, wet
    cunt around on his cousin's face while his mother sucked him off, was
    extremely stimulating to the young boy. His cock thrusts soon had Helen
    moaning loudly around Bobby's glistening fuck-pole.

       Dennis moved a hand beneath his mother. Caressing her jiggling tits,
    her smooth, hard belly and her creamy thighs. His fingers slipped
    between her legs and felt for her clit. It mashed up against the base
    of his cock when he lunged forwards, so each time he pulled out, Dennis
    rubbed the hard little bud gently, giving his mother continuous sexual
    stimulation. Helen almost bit Bobby's cock off as she gasped with
    delight, but the boy was so engrossed in sucking his mother's luscious
    cunt, that he hardly felt it.

       "Eat, Bobby's cock, Mom!", urged Dennis. "Make him come in your hot
    fuckin' mouth!"

       As it turned out, Bobby was close to doing just that. The excitement
    of eating out his sexy mother while his equally horny aunt sucked his
    cock, was just too much for the boy. He began to writhe and buck his
    slender hips up off the couch, sending his prick deep into Helen's
    mouth. At the same time his lips found his mother's clit and he started
    sucking, as hard as he could.

       "AHHHHHHHHHHGGGHH! OHHHH, GODDDDD, YESSSSSS!", hissed Cathy,
    grinding her cunt savagely down onto her son's face. "FUCK! I'M
    COMMMMMMMING!... MOMMA'S COMING BILLY! UHHHH, SUCK IT BABY! SUCK MY HOT
    CUNT! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHH!"

       As she heard her sister's cry of ecstasy, Helen felt the cock in her
    mouth suddenly begin to swell and jerk... Bobby was coming as well.
    Helen sucked harder, squeezing her nephew's big, swollen balls with her
    fingers. She took his cock deep into her throat, just like she did with
    Dennis, knowing what a turn-on it must be for the young boy. As Bobby
    suddenly climaxed, Helen felt her nephew's thick cream hit the back of
    her throat in a torrent. She she swallowed repeatedly as jet after jet
    of hot, sticky jism filled her mouth. Bobby wrenched his mouth of his
    mother's spasming cunt and screamed with pleasure.

       "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! FUCK! OH, CHRIST, I'M COMING, AUNT HELEN! SUCK IT,
    BABY! EAT MY STUFF! SWALLOW IT ALL! UUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHH, JESUS!
    FUUUUUUUUCK!

       Helen didn't need to be told twice. She swallowed down every drop,
    relishing the salty, male taste of her nephew's sperm as much as she
    did her son's. She licked the boy's cock clean before removing her
    mouth and letting him sit up. Cathy flopped down beside her son,
    exhausted from the mind-blowing orgasm he had just given her and
    watched Dennis who was still fucking his mother with long, steady
    strokes.

       "Ummm, mmmmm," she said, staring at the swampy junction between her
    nephew's cock and her sister's cunt. "Looks like you two could be at it
    for hours!" Helen looked up at her and smiled.

       "Dennis can fuck all night if he wants too, Cathy", she gasped,
    still holding onto Bobby's rapidly deflating cock. "...and believe me
    after the last few days, I know!"

       Beginning to feel horny again, Cathy got up and stood beside her
    nephew, gazing down at the boy's pistoning cock as he unselfconsciously
    continued to fuck his mother from behind. His long, thick shaft
    glistened with his mother's juices and Cathy stared at it with hungry,
    lustfilled eyes.

       "The way I feel right now, Sis..." she murmured, dropping a hand to
    her drooling cunt. "..... he might have to do just that!"

       Dennis looked at his aunt and saw the lust in her eyes. His gaze
    travelled down her gorgeous body, taking in her firm, jutting breasts,
    and the creamy smooth rise of her tight little belly, coming to rest
    finally between her thighs. Cathy lifted her right foot up onto the
    couch, giving her nephew a good look at her cunt, still a glistening,
    passionate pink from the sucking it had just received from Bobby. She
    smiled as Dennis began to fuck his mother noticeably faster.

       "See how juicy my pussy is, Dennis!", breathed Cathy, lewdly
    spreading the wet, hairy lips of her cunt with both hands. "Ohhh, yeah!
    Look at your aunty's hot, wet cunt, baby! Fuck your mother and look at
    my juicy cunt!"

       Dennis stared at his aunt's pussy, his cock swelling even more
    inside his mother's very tight, very hot cunt, as he rammed into her
    even harder.

       "Fuck her, Dennis!", Cathy purred, rubbing a finger into her open
    slit. "Oh, baby, fuck her hot, wet cunt. Yeah, fuck your mother,
    Dennis! She loves it!"

       His mother did indeed love it! Cathy's words had such an effect on
    Dennis that his cock felt like it had just grown to twice its normal
    size!

       "Uhhhhhhh!", gasped Helen, her eyes going wide as she felt the
    wonderfully filling sensation of her son's massive cock stretching her
    cunt. "Ohhhhhhh, Cathy! Keep it up! I love this! Ummmmm, his cock feels
    like a goddamn baseball bat stuffed up my cunt!"

       Bobby, who was still recovering on the couch, coaxed his soft cock
    with trembling fingers, his eyes gleaming with rising desire. Cathy
    bent down and kissed Helen's hot, panting mouth, sucking her sister's
    tongue between her lips. Dennis, feeling his cock gripped very tightly
    inside his mother's cunt, watched as his aunt and mother sucked each
    other's tongue. Cathy was breathing heavily as she watched her handsome
    young nephew fuck his cock into her sister with deep, almost savage
    strokes. She moved up close beside him, rubbing her tits against his
    body.

       "Is she good and tight, Dennis?", whispered Cathy running her hands
    over the boy's squirming ass. "Is my sister's cunt nice and tight for
    you, baby!"

       "Yes! Oh, fuck yesssss!", hissed Dennis. His sweaty thighs slammed
    against his mother's ass with loud slapping noises. Dennis reached out
    a hand and groped between Cathy's legs. "Let me feel your pussy. Aunt
    Cathy!", he husked.

       "Oh, baby! Yes!" groaned Cathy, spreading her legs wide apart for
    her lusty nephew.

       Still fucking his mother, Dennis cupped his aunt's cuntmound,
    stroking his long fingers the length of her moist, furry slit. She
    moaned and pushed her cunt onto his palm, her hips rolling and
    twisting, the pressure of his hand against her mound only teasing her.

       "Finger-fuck it!", she cried, grabbing his hand. "Fuck me with your
    fingers, Dennis!"

       With a moan of delight, Dennis jammed his fingers into his aunt's
    bubbling cunt, bringing a hot hiss of delight from Cathy.

       "Ohhhhhhhhh, yessssssssssssssss!"

       "God, you're wet, Aunt Cathy!", gasped Dennis, feeling his aunt's
    hot, slippery cuntflesh envelop his fingers. "So fuckin' hot and wet!"

       "I sure am, baby!", breathed Cathy, hunching onto the boy's stiff
    digits.

       Bobby was still watching as he sat on the couch playing with
    himself. His cock had grown almost to it's former glory, and he stared
    at the wanton scene before him with growing excitement, his fist
    pumping up and down on his long, hard shaft. Cathy looked down at her
    son, jerking on his prick.

       "Let me know when you're gonna come again, Bobby!", she said. "I
    wanna take your next load in my mouth, baby!"

       "Ok, Mom!", grinned the boy, lewdly pulling on his cock, "It's all
    yours!" Helen was close to climax. Her son's cock was filling her
    overheated snatch like it never had before. She watched Bobby jerk on
    his big cock and listened to Cathy whimper, becoming more and more
    aroused with every passing second.

       "Ohhhh, Dennis, fuck me baby!", moaned Helen. "I'm gonna come!"

       Cathy wrapped her arms around her nephew's shoulders and hunched
    against his hand, feeling the boy's fingers fucking deliciously into
    her juicy quim.

       "Fuck her, Dennis!", she groaned. "and fuck me with your fingers!
    Oh, yes, darling! Finger-fuck your aunt in the cunt and cock-fuck your
    mother in the cunt and.... ohhhhhh, ram it to us.... both of us!"

       Dennis felt his mother's pussy contract around his prick. He
    couldn't concentrate on both cunts at the same time. He fucked into his
    mother's cunt frantically, watching his aunt fuck her hairy snatch on
    his fingers. Then, with a loud cry, Dennis pulled his fingers out of
    his aunt's cunt and grabbed his mother's twisting, churning, tight ass.
    He fucked harder, grunting with the effort.

       Cathy shot her own hand down to her cunt to replace the sudden void
    left by her nephew's fingers, and began to finger-fuck herself
    furiously, spreading her long, slender legs as wide as she could.
    Suddenly she felt hands pulling her down onto the couch. It was her
    son, his teenage cock once more fully erect.

      "Come here, Mom!", Bobby growled. "You look like you need a good
    fuck!"

       "Ohhhh, do I ever, sweetheart!", Cathy smiled, straddling her son's
    muscular young thighs. "Momma needs a pussy-full of my little boy's big
    cock real bad!" She gasped as the head of Bobby's fat prick pushed past
    the tender outer lips of her pussy and buried itself deeply in her wet,
    firey cuntslit.

       "Ohhhhh, I feel like I'm gonna come too!", Cathy squealed, the
    instant her son began to move his cock inside her belly. "Make me come,
    Bobby! Ooooooh, fuck me! Make mother come!.... Let's all come
    together!"

       Helen was already there, with Dennis not far behind.

       "OHHHHHHHHH! OH, GOD! OHHHHH, GOD! I'M CUMMMMMING! FUCK ME, DENNIS!
    FUCK ME, BABY!", she screamed. "GIVE IT TO ME HARD, YOU GORGEOUS LITTLE
    FUCKER!"

       Cathy twisted her head at her sister's cry of passion, still humping
    wildly up and down on Bobby's deeply imbedded cock.

       "Ooooooh, come in her cunt, Dennis, honey!", urged Cathy. "Fill your
    mother's sweet little pussy with cum! Squirt it to her, baby, right up
    her hot, wet little cunthole!... And after you do... I'm gonna lick it
    all out!"

       Helen quivered with ecstasy, as much with the pleasure of her orgasm
    as with the thought of having her sister's lips on her cunt once
    again... especially if Dennis and Bobby would be watching. With a
    grunt, Dennis came, spewing a jerky stream of hot, thick sperm into
    Helen's sucking cunt.

       "AHHHGGGHH! MOM! JESUS!", he yelled, pounding against his mother as
    hard as he could. "UHHHHHH, TAKE IT!... TAKE IT ALL IN YOUR HOT,
    FUCKIN' CUNT, MOM!"

       The boy's cock jerked powerfully inside her, squirting time and time
    again, flooding his mother's cunt with his hot, incestuous load. Helen
    cried out again, her son's ejaculation triggering another, stronger
    orgasm, deep inside her well-fucked pussy, her violently contracting
    cunt-muscles trying to squeeze his cock off at the base.

       "Uuuuhhh, Dennis!", screamed Helen, writhing in ecstasy. "Keep
    shooting it up my cunt, baby!... Jesus Christ!... God, that feels
    fuckin' good!"

    Dennis continued ramming his mother's gooey cunt, his hilted cock
    gushing ropes of sperm into the very heart of her womb, filling Helen's
    quivering pussy with his hot, incestuous seed.

       It was always the same. Her young son's swollen balls held so much
    cum, there was no way her cunt could hold it all. It gushed out around
    his pistoning cock, covering her pussylips in a creamy froth, and began
    to slowly leak down the insides of Helen's trembling thighs.

       "Mmmmmmmmm," she said, "your cum's making a mess out of me, darling!
    Such a beautiful mess!"

       Cathy watched with hot eyes as her sister reached down and smeared
    Dennis' excess cream all over the wriggling cheeks of her ass. Bobby's
    cock was about ready to shoot another load up into her tight, slippery
    cunt-sheath, but Cathy was more interested in her sister's squirming,
    juice-smeared crotch. The sight of her sister's juicy pussy combined
    with her son's rapid cock movements were all Cathy needed to push her
    over the edge once more.

       "Ohhhhhh, Bobby! Let me have it, baby!", she screamed, still staring
    at the thick jism oozing out of Helen's tightly-stretched cunthole.

       "Are you ready for my jizz, Mom?", Bobby gasped anxiously.

       "As soon as you can shoot it, stud!", whimpered his mother. "Give it
    to me, lover, as hot and sticky and quick as you can!"

       "How about right now, Mom?" whispered Bobby.

       "Perfect!"

       "You got it, Mom!"

       Bobby's sperm shot from the end of his dick like a fountain, filling
    his mother's bucking cunt with thick, creamy jets of boy-spunk.

       "God, am I fucked... so fucked!", groaned Cathy. "I must be the
    luckiest mother in the whole fucking world!"

       "I think we both are, Cathy!", Helen gasped. She let her son's
    wilting cock slip out of her sopping cunt and collapsed in a satisfied
    heap on the floor, her legs falling shamelessly open. Cathy slithered
    off Bobby's lap and landed on the floor beside her sister.

       "Mmmmmmm, will you just look at my poor little pussy!", cried Cathy,
    her yawning thighs framing the oozing condition of her messy cunt.
    "Have you ever seen anybody who looked so fucked?"

       Helen stared at her sister's drooling cunt and smiled.

       "No, Sis, nobody..... except for me!"

       Cathy had to agree as she gazed hungrily at the state of Helen's
    equally ravaged fuck-hole. Dennis and Bobby sat panting on the couch,
    completely drained, both of them absolutely exhausted from the sheer
    effort of fucking their horny, insatiable mothers.

       "Looks like our two studs are all fucked out for the moment, Sis!"
    observed Cathy, nodding towards the boys.

       "Sure looks like it!", agreed Helen.

       Cathy ran her fingers over her sister's sticky thighs and scooted
    closer.

       "Why don't we give them a little show, Sis?", Cathy whispered,
    flicking the tip of her hot, wet tongue into her sister's ear. Helen
    shivered with delight, running her hands over Cathy's jutting tits.

       "What exactly do you have in mind?"

       "Mmmmmmm, do I have to spell it out for you?", murmured Cathy,
    pushing her sister onto her back. "You do want to eat my pussy as much
    as I want to eat yours, don't you, babydoll?

       Helen just moaned and pulled her sister on top of her, twisting
    around until Cathy's dripping cunt was directly over her upturned face.

       "Yes! Oh, yes! Suck me, Sis!", she begged. "Let's show our son's how
    we get our jollies when there aren't any stiff cock's around. Let's
    show 'em everything, Cathy".

       "Ohhhh, fuck yeahhhhhh!", moaned Cathy, rubbing her juice-filled
    slit across her sister's lips. "Lick it, hon! Oooooh! Suck Bobby's cum
    right out of my cunt!"

       Helen flicked out her tongue and took a long swipe through Cathy's
    sticky gash, moaning with pleasure at the delightful flavour.

       "Mmmmmmm! God, you taste good, Sis!", Helen gasped, swallowing down
    a big glob of jism and cunt-cream.

       "Uhhhhhhhh, Jesus! Baby! Lick it all out!", groaned her sister.

       Helen's hot tongue made another swipe through Cathy's pinkly oozing
    pussylips, causing the horny woman to gasp loudly. Cathy's legs felt
    weak and wobbly, as Helen began to eat her cunt in earnest. With a low
    moan, Cathy fell forward and began to nuzzle at her sister's cuntlips.

       "Spread your legs, Sis. I'm gonna eat your sweet cunt!", panted
    Cathy.

       Pushing Helen's thighs wide apart, Cathy dipped her head and began
    licking ardently at her sister's upraised cuntmound. Her fingers pulled
    the wet, pulpy lips apart, and her tongue darted in and out, licking
    and teasing the oily pink flesh that oozed out at her. Cathy felt
    Helen's cute little ass tighten and quiver as she plunged her tongue
    into her sister's cunt as far as it would go.

       "Ohhhhh, Cathy, baby!", cried Helen between licks of her sister's
    drooling snatch. "Stick it right up there, lover! Fuck my cunt with
    your tongue!"

       Sweet melty feelings were soaring up between her legs. Her belly
    fluttered wildly. She raised her ass up off the floor and mashed her
    pussy hard into Cathy's face. Cathy was doing likewise. The wet, hungry
    sounds of cunt-sucking soon filled the room as the two hotly aroused
    sisters writhed around on the floor, licking the cum out of each
    other's cunt.

       On the couch, Dennis and Bobby stared in awe, watching their
    mother's lewd lesbian sixty-nine with rising passion. Both boys were
    rubbing absently at their limp pricks, which soon began to stiffen in
    their fists at the highly stimulating scene being played out before
    them.

       "God, Bobby! Will ya look at them go!", gasped Dennis, his bright
    young eyes wide with lust.

       Although he had heard other boys talking about women sucking each
    other off, and had joked about it many times himself, he had never
    witnessed it in the flesh, and now that he was, it excited him
    immensely. He turned to Bobby and saw that his cousin was just as
    excited.

       "Yeahhhh!", whispered Bobby. "Jesus, I've never seen my Mom do that
    before!"

       "Me either!" replied Dennis, getting down onto the floor beside the
    women for a better look. Cathy noticed the boy's hardon immediately and
    pulled her mouth off her sister's cunt for a moment.

       "Don't just sit there playing with it Dennis!", she husked, eyeing
    off her nephew's dick. "Get round behind me and put that thing to some
    good use!"

       "You mean fuck your cunt while Mom is sucking it?", asked Dennis.
    "No, silly!" said Cathy. "There's another hole back there not being
    used!"

       Dennis grinned wickedly as he realized what Cathy had in mind. He
    scrambled quickly into position behind her, placing the tip of his
    prick between the wide-spread cheeks of Cathy's deeply tanned ass. His
    cockhead slid up against his aunt's crinkled asshole almost of it's own
    volition, and as soon as he felt it make contact, Dennis grabbed her
    hips and lunged forward.

       "Ahhhhhgggghh! Ohhhhhhh, baby!", squealed Cathy, as she felt her
    nephew's huge cock slide deep into her hot, buttery asshole. "That's
    niiiiiiice!"

       "Shut-up and suck my mother's cunt, bitch!", growled Dennis,
    slamming his young cock hard into Cathy's twitching anus. "I'll do all
    the talking from now on! Otherwise I won't fuck you, okay?"

       "No! Don't stop!", begged Cathy. "Don't you dare take that wonderful
    hard prick out of me!

       "Then suck her, baby! Suck Mom's cunt while I fuck the shit out of
    your hot fuckin' asshole!"

       Cathy obeyed, sucking and slobbering on her sister's cunt as her
    excited nephew fucked her squirming butt. His aunt's asshole was tight,
    very tight, and as the slippery gripping sheath slipped back and forth
    on his shaft, Dennis knew that despite his macho act, he wasn't going
    to last long, even after coming like a fountain in his mother's cunt
    only minutes before.

       "God! Bobby!", he gasped, trying to take his mind off the intense
    pleasure he was feeling, so he wouldn't come so quick. "This is tight!
    You wanna try it for a while? We can take turns!"

       "Yeah! Good idea, Dennis!", replied his cousin. "Let's take turns
    ass-fucking my Mom!"

       Bobby knelt on the floor beside Dennis and held his hard, throbbing
    cock at the ready, waiting for his cousin to pull out. When he did,
    Cathy didn't even have time to register a complaint before her son's
    fat prick slid inside her, filling her twitching butt with nine inches
    of hard cockmeat.

       Bobby fucked his mother with a slow familiar rhythm. He knew her
    passion for ass-fucking, and always indulged her whenever they had sex.
    Unlike Dennis, Bobby knew that he could fuck his mother's ass for
    hours, and often did... much to Cathy's utter delight. Right now, the
    only thing that was likely to push him over the edge too soon was the
    way his aunt's nose occasionally brushed against the underside of his
    cock as he fucked his mother's tight, buttery ass. The thought of
    Helen's pretty face so close to his cock was extremely exciting.

       Dennis sat on the floor beside them fisting his cock, keeping it
    hard for his turn at Cathy's asshole. As he stroked his prick, the boy
    reached out with his other hand and squeezed his aunt's dangling tits.
    He fondled the firm, creamy globes and pinched her stiff nipples,
    causing Cathy's moans of pleasure to become noticeably louder.

       "Your turn, Dennis!", called Bobby, pulling his dick out of his
    mother's asshole with a loud squelch. Dennis wasted no time in
    replacing it with his own, and was soon eagerly butt-fucking his
    gorgeous aunt once more, rocking her slim hips with hard, savage
    strokes.

       The two boy's traded places once more, and Bobby fucked Cathy while
    Dennis pumped his cock and watched his mother. Helen was bucking her
    hips up at her sister's mouth. Her cunt was wide open. The bright,
    succulent gash gaped lewdly, oozing torrents of clear musk into Cathy's
    suctioning mouth. Dennis stared transfixed as he watched his aunt feast
    on his mother's eager snatch. Oily cum-juice soaked Cathy's chin, her
    lips, her cheeks. His mother's cunt bush was matted and gooey with
    slime. The wanton sight was like a magnet to the young boy, and he
    crawled round between his mother's legs for a better look.

       Bobby asked if he wanted a turn fucking Cathy, but Dennis just waved
    him away, more interested in his mother's pussy at the moment. Bobby
    just shrugged and continued his unhurried maternal assfuck. Dennis soon
    had his face between his mother's wide-stretched thighs, alongside
    Cathy's.

       "Does my Mom's pussy taste nice, Aunt Cathy?", grinned Dennis. Cathy
    looked up at her nephew with glazed eyes. "Here, taste for yourself,
    honey!"

       She grabbed him by the back of the head and crushed her open lips
    passionately onto his. He kissed her back, feverishly, and as Cathy
    slithered her juice-covered tongue into his mouth, Dennis sucked it
    hungrily, eager to sample the fruits of his mother's loins direct from
    his aunt's hot mouth.

       They kissed passionately for some time, only becoming aware of
    Helen's urgency when they felt her steamy cunt humping up against their
    cheeks, desperate for attention. Dennis and Cathy reluctantly broke
    their hot kiss and fastened their lips on Helen's neglected cunt
    together, taking turns to lick her juicy slit and suck the glistening,
    pink pussy-flesh deep into their mouths.

       Waves of ecstatic pleasure coursed through the entire length of
    Helen's body as she felt two sets of hungry lips on her cunt. The
    knowledge that they belonged to her son and her sister increased her
    lust a hundredfold. She pulled her mouth from Cathy's pussy, unable to
    contain her excitement.

       "Uhhhhhh! Yessss! Suck me, both of you! Unnnnnnggghhh! God, two
    mouths are not only better than one.... they're fuckin' fantastic!
    Ooooooh, Godddd! Eat meeee!"

       Dennis and Cathy were doing just that. Cathy's active and skillful
    tongue fought her nephew's for the lion's share of Helen's tasty
    snatch. The duel ended in compromise, with Cathy sucking her sister's
    erect clit while Dennis stabbed his tongue deep into his mother's
    gaping fuckhole. When their tongues occasionally met, Dennis and Cathy
    kissed each other hotly, sharing Helen's abundant cunt-juices between
    them.

       In no time at all, Helen was writhing and moaning like a madwoman
    under the dual assault on her over-heated twat. So much so, that she
    was completely neglecting her sister's cunt. All that mattered right
    now was the incredible feelings of pleasure filling her brain.

       Bobby was still ass-fucking his mother, watching the others with
    rising excitement as he pumped steadily back and forth in her tight,
    hot shit-chute. He looked down between his mother's thighs at his
    aunt's open mouth. It was only inches from his cock, her full, sensuous
    lips, delightfully parted in ecstasy. He suddenly had a wild idea!
    Pulling his cock from his mother's hot, rectal sheath, the boy inserted
    it swiftly into her equally hot cunthole, giving her a few quick
    thrusts before pulling out again. Leaning forward he slowly eased his
    glistening cock full-length into his aunt's open mouth.

       Helen moaned as she swallowed her nephew's rock-hard prick, her lips
    stretching wide around the long, thick shaft, slick with her sister's
    cunt-juices. She sucked it hungrily, taking him as deep as she could
    into her throat without choking on his throbbing young meat.

       Suddenly, Bobby pulled his cock from her mouth and plunged it back
    into his mother's juicy cunt. He began to fuck her hard, feeling his
    climax approaching rapidly. Helen licked and sucked his swinging balls
    as Bobby pounded his prick into Cathy's sloppy snatch. She licked her
    sister's cunt-juices off his shaft and sucked on Cathy's swollen
    pussy-lips as her son fucked her to orgasm.

       Cathy had Dennis' cock in her mouth and was sucking the boy as hard
    and fast as she could, wanting to get him off before she climaxed
    herself. Dennis was sucking his mother's cunt like a starved puppy,
    stabbing his tongue deep up into her drooling hole and flicking at her
    throbbing clit. All four of them were so close to orgasm that the room
    was filled with the constant sound of ecstatic moaning.

       Dennis came first, grunting into his mother's open cunt as his cock
    jerked and twitched between his aunt's lips, filling her mouth with jet
    after jet of hot, creamy sperm. Cathy swallowed every drop, even though
    the boy's ejaculation had triggered her own orgasm. Her cunt convulsed
    around Bobby's plowing prick, squeezing her son's shaft so hard he
    yelped in ecstasy and spurted his creamy, incestuous load into the
    recesses of her spasming twat. Dennis plastered his mouth over his
    mother's cunt as he came, and sucked on her clit hard. At the same time
    he thrust his tongue into her juicy fuckhole and wriggled it around.
    Helen came on the spot. She hunched her pussy at her son's face and
    wailed in ecstasy as her climax exploded wave after wave of intense
    pleasure through her shuddering body.

       They all collapsed in a tangled heap of arms, legs, pussies and
    cocks, their naked bodies shiny with sweat, pussy-juice and jism.
    Bobby's cock slithered out of his mother's cunt and Helen watched as
    his creamy white sperm leaked out of her sister's well-fucked little
    hole. She lifted her head and lapped up the tasty mixture, poking her
    tongue into Cathy's gaping slit to get more.

       Dennis, licked the remains of his mother's cum from between her
    quivering pussy-lips and sat up, his cheeks and chin glistening with
    her juices.

       "Wow! That was fuckin' fantastic!", he grinned. "I've never been
    sucked off and sucked cunt at the same time before!"

       "You better get used to it, baby," purred Cathy, giving his limp
    cock one last loving kiss. "'Cause I have a feeling you two are gonna
    have to keep your mother and I happy for as long as you're here."

       "I'll second that!", said Helen licking Bobby's sticky cock.

       "Uhhhhhhh! Me too!", gasped Bobby as Helen swallowed him whole and
    nuzzled her nose in his pubic hairs.

       In the next few days, the four of them hardly left the house. No one
    wore any clothes and when they weren't eating they were fucking like
    rabbits. Bobby and Dennis almost had enough stamina between them to
    satisfy their horny mothers, but occasionally when both boys were
    tuckered out at the same time, Helen and Cathy would pleasure each
    other with their tongues. The extremely erotic display of their mothers
    engaged in a hot and juicy sixty-nine usually got the boys hard again
    in no time, and they were soon back in action, fucking their long, hard
    cocks into the two squealing moms.

       Eventually, though the time came to leave and Bobby and Dennis each
    gave their aunts a long, slow good-bye fuck. Cathy and Bobby promised
    to come and visit them as soon as they could. So, with bags packed and
    loaded in the car, Helen and Dennis waved goodbye and headed off on the
    long drive home.

                                 The End.





                               WET DREAMS
                               (By Eros!)

       Sue Morris gasped with shock as she entered the master bedroom.
    There on the bed was her well-hung husband, Peter, ramming a massive
    erection into their naked twelve-year-old daughter's upthrust cunt.

       Peter looked up and smiled, not missing a stroke into his
    squirming daughter as his wife entered the room. Sue's eyes were
    glued on the slimy junction of her husband and child's tightly
    meshed organs. Despite her initial shock, Sue's cunt began to drip
    at the lascivious sight. Her daughter opened her eyes dreamily and
    grinned.

       "Look, Mommy!", said, Tammy proudly. "Daddy's fucking my cunt! He
    says I'm a big girl now!"

       Sue stared at the way her daughter's tiny tits shook and the way
    her hairless little cunt swallowed her husband's prick. She
    certainly had to agree with the girl. Despite her age and the size
    of her husband's cock, little Tammy was accommodating her father's
    impossible huge erection easily... and, by her hip movements and
    loud moans of pleasure, the gorgeous young kid was obviously
    enjoying every second of it!

       But despite her liberal attitude towards sex and the stirring
    sight before her, Sue was still deeply shocked! Well, maybe not so
    much shocked as jealous... jealous of the way her daughter's arms,
    legs and cunt clung carnally to her husband's large masculine body,
    but more importantly... jealous because Peter was enjoying it so
    much. She could see it in his face as he rammed his long, thick
    prick again and again into their daughter's squirming, quivering
    cunthole.

       "Oh God, Peter!", she screamed. "How? How could you?"

       Sue's husband just grinned at her and kept on fucking the tiny
    writhing girl beneath him.

       "Easy, dear!", he panted. "I just sucked her sweet little twat
    until she was good and hot, and ready for a big stiff cock up her
    cunt, then let her have it!"

       "No, I don't mean that?  I mean, WHY Peter? She's only twelve!
    And she's your own daughter for Christ's sake!"

       "Why??", replied her husband, grunting as he continued to ram his
    massive cock into the girl's eagerly upthrust twat. "Because she's a
    hot little slut that loves to fuck! That's why! Just look at her!
    Look at the way she's fucking her cunt up at my prick! Jesus, she's
    got it all, and she wants more! She can't get enough!" Then to
    Tammy. "Can you, baby? You like Daddy's cock up your hot little
    cunt, don't you, honey. Tell Mommy how much you love Daddy's cock!"

       "Ohhh, Mommy! Yes! I love Daddy's cock! I love to fuck! I want
    Daddy to fuck me forever! Uuuuuhhhhhh! Harder, Daddy! Fuck me
    harder! Make me come again, pleeeeease!!!"

       Sue was speechless! Her daughter and husband had never acted like
    this before. She couldn't believe it was happening, yet something
    deep down inside her didn't want it to stop either. The sight of her
    handsome big-dicked husband reaming out her twelve-year-old
    daughter's tight, clinging little cunt was suddenly an incredible
    turn-on. Her cunt began to drool as she watched Pete's massively
    thick prick plow again and again into Tammy's tiny, bulging
    fuck-slot. Her daughter was really enjoying the huge pole of
    man-meat pounding into her juvenile twat. Sue could tell it was
    stretching her little cunt terribly, yet her sex-crazed young
    daughter just seemed to beg for more.

       Peter looked over at Sue and grinned. "Aren't you going to get
    you clothes off and join us, honey? I'm sure I can take care of both
    of you at once. maybe Tammy would like to help. How 'bout it baby,
    wanna suck mommy's cunt while I fuck yours?"

       Sue couldn't believe what her husband was suggesting, and fully
    expected her daughter to refuse in revulsion. She was wrong!

       "Ok, Daddy," panted Tammy. "Just don't stop fucking me. I'm so
    close, and I want you to make me come some more!"

       "Don't worry, sweetheart," Sue heard her husband reply. "I don't
    intend to stop fucking your hot, tight little cunt till squirt your
    insides full of cum!."

       "Oooohhh, goody!", squealed the deeply impaled youngster. "Come
    on mommy let me lick you between the legs. Daddy sucked me off twice
    before we started fucking and I loved it."

       As if in a daze, Sue walked towards the bed, removing her
    clothes. She knew it was wrong, but she couldn't seem to help
    herself. But before she made it to the bed, the door opened and Sue
    heard a familiar voice behind her.

       "Mom? Dad? I heard funny noises. What's going on?... Jesus!"

       Sue turned around to face her thirteen-year-old son, Jimmy. His
    eyes flew from her tits to her cunt and then to his sister and
    father on the bed.

       "Jesssssuuuuus!" he repeated.

       Sue was speechless. She just stood there unable to move, letting
    her son stare at her nakedness. Jimmy moved over to the bed,
    watching his father fuck his sister with undisguised relish.

       "Christ, will you look at that!", he said, rubbing his young
    crotch. "Shit, if I'd known Tammy was hot to fuck, I'd have busted
    the horny little cunt's cherry ages ago!"

       "JIMMY!", Sue scolded. "How dare you talk about your sister like
    that."

       Jimmy turned his attention to his mother, his dark eyes roaming
    her naked body like two red-hot coals.

       "Nice tits, Mom!" he breathed finally. "Can I suck on them for a
    while?"

       Sue just stared at her son. She couldn't believe anything that
    had happened since she woke up! What had happened to this family?

       Jimmy walked over and brazenly grabbed one of her tits, his other
    hand snaked down between her thighs, his fingers sliding into his
    mother's pussy.

       "Oh, Mom!", he moaned against her naked breast. "Your cunt feels
    so hot and wet and slippery!"

       Sue felt her son's fingers wriggling deliciously inside her
    steamy sex. She liked what he was doing so much, she even hunched
    her cuntmound against his busy hand. When Jimmy began rubbing her
    cuntslit with one hand and squeezing her tits with the other, Sue
    almost fainted. She instinctively reached down and gripped her son's
    cock through his pajamas.

       "Yeahhh! Jerk me off, Mom!", said the boy, fucking two fingers
    steadily in and out of Sue's cunt

       Sue gasped as she felt the size of her son's cock. It was
    rock-hard and impossibly big for a thirteen-year-old boy. She pulled
    it out of his shorts and looked down. Sue gasped again. The thing
    was enormous! Jimmy was hung like a horse! She hefted the massive
    prick in her hand and began to jerk her fist up and down the shaft.
    With Jimmy's fingers in her cunt and his prick in her hand, Sue was
    beside herself with lust.

       "Ouuuuhhhhhh, Jimmy!", she moaned. "I can't stand it any more!
    Let's get on the bed!"

       Jimmy looked up at her.

       "Why, Mom?", he smiled devilishly. "You wanna fuck?"

       Any other time, Sue would have slapped her son's face, right then
    all she wanted was his hard young cock slamming into her cunt. She
    nodded her head.

       "Say it, Mom," he urged. "Say it!"

       "Ohh, Jesus!", moaned Sue. "God help me, Jimmy, I want you to
    fuck me! I want you to shove that monster in momma's hot, horny cunt
    and fuck the piss out of it"

       "Okay, mom!", grinned Jimmy. "Get on the bed and spread!"

       Sue tumbled onto the bed where her husband was still fucking
    their daughter. She lay on her back with her legs spread wide and
    watched as her thirteen-year-old son mounted her. He fitted the tip
    of his grossly exaggerated prick into her cuntslot and inched
    forward. After the head popped into his mother's tight slit, Jimmy
    paused.

       "You want it bad, don't you Mom?", he husked, leering down at
    her. "Tell me how much you want my cock!"

       Sue hunched her hips up off the bed, trying to push more of her
    son's deliciously hard prick into her yearning cunt.

       "God, Jimmy! Don't tease me!", whimpered Sue. "Shove that damn
    thing in my cunt and fuck me you little bastard!"

       "Yeah, don't mess around, son," puffed his father, "Can't you see
    your mother needs a good fuck. For crissake get on with it, boy!

       Jimmy flashed his mother a devilish grin and grabbed her by the
    tits, ramming his long, hard cock into her drooling cunt to the
    balls. Sue screamed. But not in pain... in pure, unadulterated
    pleasure! She wiggled her hips up at Jimmy trying to screw more of
    his gorgeous thirteen-year-old prick into her hungry twat.

       "Jesus, yesss! Fuck me Jimmy! Fuck me hard!", screamed Sue, as
    her son started ramming his huge erection into her hairy cunt with a
    passion.

       Beside her on the bed, Sue heard little Tammy begging her father
    to do the same. As Jimmy's prick pounded into her, Sue reached up
    and gripped his jiggling ass, pulling the boy's sparsely thatched
    pubes harder against her own, grinding and humping her pussy up at
    her son like a two-dollar whore.

       "Like it, Mom?", grunted Jimmy, fucking his mother hard.

       "Uhhhh! Yesss! Oh.. uhhfff... fuck.. yes.. unnnggghhh... baby!",
    gasped Sue. She held onto her son's ass now for dear life, fucking
    him back with a fury she never realized she had.

       Peter leant over and gave his wife's open, panting mouth a hard
    passionate tongue-kiss, never missing a beat as he kept slamming his
    monstrous prick in and out of his daughter's tightly clasping cunt

       Sue felt a massive orgasm building deep in her loins as Jimmy
    kept pounding away. Her young son seemed to have boundless energy.
    `God, even Peter never fucks me like this', she thought. Yet, right
    at that moment, Peter seemed to be even outperforming Jimmy! He'd
    never once stopped ramming his incredibly huge cock into their
    twelve-year-old daughter's hairless, sucking cunt since she walked
    in on them ten minutes ago. They were both fucking like tireless
    machines!

       Sue screamed in orgasm, thrashing about under Jimmy's powerful
    onslaught as her cunt quivered and spasmed around his cock like a
    vice. On impulse, she reached round and stuck a finger into Jimmy's
    asshole. The boy came immediately, hunching and groaning and
    shuddering as he filled her cunt to overflowing with his sperm.

       "UHHHHHHGGGGGHH! MOM! FUCK! FUCK! I'M CUMMMMMING! I'M CUMMMMING
    IN YOUR FUCKING CUNT, YOU HORNY BITCH!", he screamed.

       Peter looked over at Sue and grinned evily.

       "Fuck her, Jimmy!", he urged. "Fuck your mother's hot cunt! Get
    her all nice and juicy for me."

       "Ooooohhhh, I'm almost there too, Daddy!", whimpered Tammy. She
    clutched her father's strong muscular shoulders with her tiny hands
    and began jerking her hips up off the bed in wild sexual abandon.

       "Yeah, you hot little fuck! You cum too!", growled Peter,
    slamming his cock into the child's cunt with piston-like power and
    speed. "Cum all over my cock, Tammy.... you tight-cunted little
    slut!"

       "Uuuuuhh! Yeah! I am! I'm your slut, Daddy!", chanted the little
    girl as her father fucked her harder and faster than before. "Fuck
    me, Daddy! Fuck your little slut, and cum in my cunt! Ohhh, Jesus!
    God, I love to fuck! Ooooooooooooooooooohhh!!!"

       Tammy came with a loud squeal, grinding her hairless little twat
    up against her father's humping prick just as ferociously as her
    mother had done with Jimmy, only seconds before. Her little cuntlips
    bulged and dimpled around the impossibly huge pole of rock-hard
    cock-flesh slamming into her tight slippery little twat.

       In a post-climactic trance, Sue watched her little daughter
    writhe and twist in orgasm under her father's powerful prick. The
    kid was squealing incessantly, coming again and again as Peter
    fucked his rampant cock right up into her tiny, heaving belly with
    rapid, jack-hammer thrusts.

       Sue couldn't believe how much punishment the little youngster was
    taking, yet it was obvious that Tammy was loving every second of it.
    Peter was fucking her savagely now, slamming his fully-grown cock
    into her hairless, juvenile cunt as hard as he could. The whole bed
    shook with his thrusts, making Sue's tits wiggle in sympathy.

       Jimmy licked his lips and pulled one of her nipples into his
    mouth. He sucked it hard, squeezing and kneading the soft, firm
    flesh like he was trying to milk her. Sue grabbed his head and held
    it to her breast, letting her son suckle her tit just as he had done
    thirteen years ago.

       After a while, Jimmy switched to the other nipple and sucked it
    hard. Then he pushed his mother onto her back and lowered his head
    between her legs. Sue gasped as she felt Jimmy's mouth close over
    the lips of her drooling cunt and suck hard.

       "OOOOOOOHHHH! Jimmy! What are you... UHHHHHHH! OHHHH! YESSSS! EAT
    ME! UMMMMMMM! YEAHHHH! EAT MY CUNT, YOU GORGEOUS LITTLE PRICK!"

       Jimmy sucked his mother's tasty jizz-filled cunt like crazy,
    licking out his own sperm and her copious pussy-juice like it was a
    melting ice-cream cone. Sue came again almost as soon as Jimmy began
    sucking on her clit, grinding her open slit up against her son's
    juice-smeared face like an epileptic belly-dancer. But Jimmy kept on
    fucking her, spearing his tongue impossibly deep into his mother's
    ripe, juicy pussy, sucking her throbbing, cumming clit like mad.
    After her fifth orgasm in a row, Sue fainted from the intense
    pleasure.

                       *************************************

       As conscious began to filter back up through Sue's lust-clouded
    brain, the first thing she felt was an incredibly large prick
    sliding in and out of her ravaged pussy. She remembered having
    fucked her son, and a sudden pang of guilt began to flood her dazed
    mind.

       "Nooooo, Jimmy! Don't! Don't fuck me again!", she cried. Then she
    opened her eyes.

       It wasn't Jimmy fucking her, it was a total stranger! A big man
    wearing some kind of white uniform jacket, and little else.

       "W...what... who... are you and what the hell do you think you're
    doing?", screeched Sue trying to push the big man off her. But he
    was too strong for her and just kept pounding away at her pussy like
    a machine, a big lewd grin on his rough features.

       "I'm fucking your tight, juicy fucking cunt, lady!", grunted the
    man. "That's what I'm doin'! Don't ya like it?!"

       Then, Sue recognised him. It was their milkman! Shit! She was
    being fucked by the damn milkman!

       "Jesus! Get off me, you bastard!", yelled Sue. She tried to roll
    out from under him but his massively thick cock was literally
    pinning her to the bed!

       Gradually, she gave up struggling. After getting over the initial
    shock of waking up to find a complete stranger fucking her in her
    own bed, Sue decided that the man's cock felt good. It was huge!
    Long and stiff and very, very hard... and he was really fucking her
    deep. His monster shaft dragged along her protruding clit with
    delicious regularity and his fat cockhead punched up against the
    entrance to her very womb with every powerful stroke.

       "Ohhhhhhhhgggghh! Godddddddd!", she moaned, lifting her hips
    slightly to help him penetrate her further. "Come on, you big
    bastard! If you're going to fuck me, fuck me hard! Harder!!"

       The man responded by ramming his huge prick into her all the way,
    fucking her just as she'd asked, long and hard and fast. Slamming
    into her frothy, upthrust cunt until her teeth rattled from the
    force of his cock-thrusts.

       "Uuuuhh! Unnnhgghh! Ohhnnnnnnnnnnnnmmmm! Yesssss! Fuuuuukkkk
    Meeee!", squealed Sue, holding on the man's big hairy shoulders for
    dear life."Jeeeesssssuuss! I'mmmm cummmmmmmungggg!!!!"

       As she climaxed, Sue's tightly-stretched cunt clasped the big
    pole of solid flesh as it pounded into pussy like a piston. She
    heard somebody screaming and it was several seconds before she
    realized it was her. Then, the most powerful climax Sue had ever
    experienced thundered over her thrashing body like a tidal wave,
    washing away her consciousness once more.

                      **********************************

       When she came to, the milkman was gone and Sue found herself
    alone in her bed. The room looked like a hurricane had hit it. There
    were clothes, sheets, pillows and furniture strewn all over the
    place and the bed was covered in cum and pussy juice. The heady
    smell of sex was almost overpowering. Sue got shakily to her feet
    and headed down the hall, determined to find out where the rest of
    the family had gotten to. The house was empty. Sue walked to the
    front door and looked outside. What she saw almost made her eyes pop
    out of her head!

       There were naked people fucking on her front lawn. She recognised
    some of them, the other's were strangers. Then she spotted her son,
    Jimmy. He was across the street on his hands and knees, sucking some
    little blonde girl's wide-spread cunt.

       Without thinking, Sue raced out of her house. Dodging the
    copulating couples on her lawn, she ran over to where Jimmy was. As
    she got closer she recognised the little girl whose hairless little
    cunt Jimmy was so eagerly licking. It was Jenny Henderson....
    nine-year-old Jenny Henderson!

       Sue was speechless! Her mouth opened but nothing came out. She
    watched as her son's tongue snaked out a good four inches and buried
    itself in the child's smooth, bald little cunt. Jenny was groaning
    and writhing her hips up at Jimmy's mouth and tongue more like some
    horny teenaged slut than the cute innocent little nine-year-old that
    Sue remembered her to be.

       "Jimmy! Stop doing that!! Leave Jenny alone and come home this
    instant!", screamed Sue, trying to pull her son off the squirming
    little girl.

       Pretty little Jenny looked up at Sue and snarled. "Leave him
    alone! Go and get your own cock to fuck! This one's mine!"

       Sue reeled back in shock. What was happening to the world? Was
    everybody mad? Since when did a nice little fourth-grader like Jenny
    Henderson begin to talk and act like that!!???

       In a daze, Sue wandered off down the street, looking for her
    husband. All around her were people of all ages engaged in every
    possible sexual perversion. Sue's mind began to swirl with lustful
    sights and lewd, lascivious visions of depravity. To her surprise,
    the further she went the wetter her pussy became, until she was so
    horny the juices were running down her thighs.

       Then she spotted a police car, cruising up the street, swerving
    occasionally miss couples or groups whose mindless fornication had
    spilled onto the street. Sue watched as the car pulled up in front
    of her and a big burly officer got out.

       She was about to speak to him when she noticed the cop was naked
    from the waist down. His cock was stiff as a railroad spike and
    vibrated obscenely up and down as he walked toward her with a smile
    on his face.

       "Anything I can do for you, ma'am?", he asked with a grin,
    incongruously lifting his cap.

       "Errrr....n....yes, ummm, I m...mean no, officer," muttered Sue,
    staring at his huge, throbbing erection. "I'm looking for my
    husband"

       "Well, I hope you find him, ma'am I'm looking for a clever little
    hooker who escaped my custody just down the street. She's got some
    unfinished business to attend to", said the cop, pointing at his
    shiny prick.

       It looked so tempting, Sue was about to offer to suck it for him
    when the cop spotted two young girls of about twelve or thirteen
    wearing short cheer-leader skirts walk past giggling and pointing
    at his formidable erection.

       "Hey, you kids! Come here!", shouted the cop, running after them.
    "I got something real tasty for ya to suck on, girls!"

       Sue walked on. Looking over her shoulder, she saw the cop holding
    the smallest girl down as he attempted to force his huge hardon into
    her mouth. The other girl was rubbing her tits and had her dress
    lifted up, pushing her naked pubescent little pussy against the
    cop's thigh.

       As Sue rounded a corner, she saw her husband Peter kneeling in
    front of a pretty, red-haired woman sitting on a park bench. At
    first she didn't recognize him, because his face was buried in her
    firey red cuntbush. Sue walked over to them.

       After all she'd seen and experienced today, the depraved scene of
    her husband sucking off another woman somehow wasn't all that
    shocking anymore. In fact, the more she watched, the more it turned
    her on. Her eyes locked onto Peter's hard glistening cock as it
    throbbed obscenely between his legs, looking as long and as hard as
    an iron bar.

       Without a word, Sue crouched down and took her husband's cock in
    her hand. It was hugely swollen and sticky with cum and cuntjuice,
    and Sue wondered how many women and girls her husband had fucked
    with it since he'd left her this morning. The lewd thought made
    Sue's cunt drool and twitch, and with a moan of lust, she lowered
    her head between Peter's legs and took his slimy prick into her
    mouth.

       Peter moaned into the red-head's cunt as he felt his fuck-meat
    enveloped by Sue's lips. Sue swallowed the monster relishing the
    taste. Her husband's well-used cock was tangy with the flavour of
    numerous cunts, including her own daughter's, Sue remembered with a
    deliciously depraved thrill.

       She sucked hard, using her fist to jack off the substantial
    proportion of hard, thick stem that would not fit easily into her
    mouth. Peter lifted his face from the gooey red snatch he was
    feasting on and looked down at his wife's bobbing head.

       "Hi, sweetheart!", he grinned, "Nothing like a little bit of
    dining out is there?"

       Sue moaned an unintelligible answer into his hairy crotch as she
    slurped her lips up and down her husband's glistening cock.

       Suddenly, Sue felt a pair of hands on her hips. She was so horny
    from swallowing Peter's tasty cock, she didn't even look around to
    see who it was. She just lifted her ass and spread her legs,
    inviting the unseen stranger to do whatever they wished with her
    gooey, gaping gash.

       Sue grunted as she felt something small and thin enter her pussy.
    Her lust-crazed mind didn't register it for a while until she
    realized that it whatever it was it was much to damn small to be a
    man's cock. She lifted her head and looked over her shoulder to find
    a little boy poking his finger into her pussy. He was about eight or
    nine and so cute looking he almost looked like a little girl. His
    tiny middle finger was completely inside her pussy and he was
    twisting it around. Sue gasped as his little knuckles ground against
    her clit.

       "God kid!", groaned Sue, jacking her fist up and down on her
    husband's cock. "Stick another finger in me! I can hardly feel it!"

       The boy did as he was told, inserting two, then three fingers
    easily up Sue's hungry hole.

       "Ohhhhh, yeah! That's better! Now fuck them in and out, hard!"

       Sue went back to sucking off her husband's cock, satisfied for
    now with having at least something shoved up her yearning cunt, even
    if it was only a couple of kiddy fingers.

       The boy became bolder and stuck another finger into Sue's gaping
    fuck-hole. Sue moaned loudly and really went to town on her
    husband's cock, deep-throating the huge fucker until she felt his
    balls against her chin.

       Meanwhile the little boy finger-fucking her cunt was trying to
    get his thumb in her pussy as well. Sue was so excited now, she
    didn't care! She simply hunched back to help him insert all his
    young digits into her wet, clinging twat.

       Sue groaned with pleasure as the kid's whole hand slid into her
    cunt. She lifted her mouth reluctantly off her husband's slick dong
    to give the lad encouragement.

       "Ohhh, yesssssss! Fuck me with your hand, son!" she moaned. "Make
    a fist and shove it up my cunt as far as it'll go! Uhhhhggggghhh,
    God, yes! Fuck me with your fist, baby!!!"

       The boy began to fuck Sue with his hand. His little arm was
    buried in her sopping cunt up almost up to his elbow. To Sue it felt
    like she was being fucked by a horse, but it felt fantastic!

       Sue went back to work on Peter's bloated cock as the little boy
    rammed his fist into her cunt with a deliciously regular fucking
    rhythm. Sue heard the red-head squeal above her as her husband's
    talented lips and tongue brought her off, and she creamed into his
    mouth.

       Sue felt Peter's cock swell in her mouth and she knew he was
    going to cum too. She sucked as hard as she could, wanting to his
    hot load fill her mouth, all the time grinding her fist-filled cunt
    back at the little boy.

       Peter lifted his juice-speared face from the red-head's gaping
    cunt and arched his back, forcing his prick deeper into his
    cock-sucking wife's velvet throat.

       "Suck it, bitch!" he yelled. "Suck the cum out of my fuckin'
    prick! Uhhhhhh, yeahhhhh! Fuck! Here it comes!! Take it all, you
    hot-mouthed little cunt!"

       Sue felt the boy's fist-fucking speed up as he heard Peter's cry
    and Sue found herself cumming too as the first jets of sperm from
    her husband's prick splattered against her tonsils.

       The boy was really ramming her with his fist now, slamming his
    whole arm up her twat like a fifteen inch cock, and Sue was loving
    ever cunt-stretching second of it. Her clit was being squashed and
    rolled around like never before and she felt his knuckles rubbing
    along the insides of her slippery, dilated fuck-channel.

       Sue let her husband's cock fall from her mouth and arched her
    back, raising her ass in the air as she felt the most powerful
    orgasm of her life explode inside her ravaged pussy. Then she
    slumped forward against her husband letting the boy's arm slip from
    her gaping fuck-hole with a loud slurping plop.

       They all lay there gasping for a few minutes, trying to catch
    their breath before the redhead got up and staggered off in the
    direction of three construction workers who were taking turns
    fucking a rather pleased-looking young schoolgirl up against a tree
    in the park.

       Sue stared at the sexy-looking little teenager. Her panties were
    around one dainty little ankle and her dress was up around her waist
    as she squirmed her plump little cunt around the huge hairy cock
    currently grinding into her. She was grinning insanely and moaning
    with pleasure as the two other burly construction men held her
    creamy young legs apart, sucking a tit each as the horny little
    youngster kept them hard by jerking on their enormous cocks, one in
    each tiny little fist. With a twinge of jealousy, Sue longed to be
    in her place, it was such a turn-on watching the young girl getting
    royally fucked by the three, rough-looking men.

       Sue turned her attention to the boy who had fist-fucked her.
    Although he was only eight or nine, he had managed to give her one
    of the most mind-shattering orgasms of her life, and she felt she
    owed the cute little kid the same in return.

       Reaching out, Sue pulled the boy closer and began to fondle his
    cock and balls. His prick wasn't nearly as small as Sue had expected
    it to be. It was no where as big as her son's or as huge as her
    husband's well-used monster, but a nice five or six inches of stiff,
    throbbing boy-meat all the same.

       She took it into her mouth and sucked hard, swallowing the hard,
    jerking young prick whole. When her lips collided with his hairless
    little balls, Sue began to suck on the shaft hard, causing the kid
    to grab the back of her head and moan loudly.

       Sue rolled onto her back and pulled the boy on top of her in the
    classic sixty-nine position. Spreading her legs, she pushed his cute
    young baby-face into her hairy twat and went back to sucking his
    cock. The boy began to lick and suck the glistening pink folds as if
    he'd been it all his life! Sue was soon moaning and groaning around
    the boy's cock as she easily deep-throated the stiff little prong.

       While Sue and the little boy were sixty-nining, Peter sat on the
    bench and fondled his seemingly tireless cock into another massive
    erection. Watching his wife suck the nine-year-old's hard little
    cock as the kid ate out her juice-filled cunt, was a tremendous
    turn-on.

       A mother and her little girl of about ten, walked by and stopped
    to stare.  Peter's cock was sticking up like a thick, purple
    flagpole. With a lust-crazed look in her eyes, the mother walked
    over and grabbed it, jacking Peter off. The girl just watched,
    rubbing her little cunt under her dress.

       "Do you want to fuck her?", the mother asked, seeing Peter's eyes
    on the little girl's crotch.

       Peter just nodded, staring at the cute little girl who now had
    two fingers stuffed up her hairless little cunt, under her panties.
    The mother told her daughter to get her clothes off and come sit on
    the nice man's cock.

       Peter lay back on the bench and the naked little girl climbed on
    top of him. The mother helped her straddle Peter's large, hairy
    thighs by spreading her skinny young legs and then guided his
    impossibly huge cock into her daughter's tiny, hairless little cunt.
    The kid's pubescent fuckhole was so tight, Peter's cock wouldn't go
    in very far, so the mother pushed down on the girl's shoulders,
    screwing her daughter's tight, little twat down until Peter's huge
    prick was fully buried. Peter could see the shape of his huge cock
    moving inside the child's small belly as he began to fuck her.

       With a moan, the mother pulled of her panties and straddled
    Peter's face, grinding her hairy wet cunt into his open mouth. Peter
    licked her juices out and sucked on her big clit. The little girl
    was squealing like a pig as Peter's big prick fucked in and out of
    her tight, elastic little hole. But she wasn't screaming in pain,
    she was loving every second of it. She began bouncing up and down
    chanting, "Fuck me with your great big cock!... great big cock...
    great big cock! Fuck me with your great big cock! Fuck me! Fuck me!
    Fuck me!", to the tune of "Mary had a little lamb".

       She was so tight, Peter had trouble lasting more than a few
    minutes and soon he was coming like a fire hose inside the little
    girls's cunt. Her tiny, flat belly swelled like a balloon because
    the grip of her hairless twat was so tight, the sperm couldn't get
    out. The little girl's cunt made loud squelching sounds as she rode
    his huge fucker to her own orgasm, twisting and screaming. Peter was
    surprised that a girl so young could come so hard.

       Peter sucked hard on the the mother's fat clit and flicked it
    with his tongue. Within seconds she was coming too. She spilled her
    cum-juice all over his face and then climbed off. Peter's prick was
    still buried to the balls inside her daughter. She bent down and
    pulled her child's cunt off Peter's cock with a loud slurp, then
    plastered her mouth over the kid's gaping, dribbling well-fucked
    little hole and sucked out Peter's cum. The little girl climaxed
    again, screaming and kicking in orgasm as her mother ate out her
    gooey, cum-filled little twat. Peter stuffed his cock up the
    mother's asshole and began to fuck her while she sucked her daughter
    off, cumming another bucket load up the woman's tight butt.

       Then mother and daughter licked his cock and balls clean. Peter
    shoved his cock deep into the little girl's mouth and fucked her
    tiny face, finally emptying another load of hot spunk down the
    gurgling child's throat. Peter couldn't believe that after all the
    fucking and sucking he'd done this morning, he still had a hard-on
    that wouldn't quit. He told the little girl to suck off her mother
    and when she got down on her hands and knees between the woman's
    thighs, Peter shoved his cock up her tiny, hairless twat from behind
    and fucked her so hard the kid's pretty little was face mashed into
    her mother's cunt on every brutal stroke.

       Holding onto her skinny little hips Peter fucked the girl hard.
    Then after he'd come another load up her tight, hairless little
    twat, he pulled out and shoved his still-hard cock up her
    cum-lubricated little ass. The girl screamed into her mother's cunt
    but did not stop licking for a moment. The child's asshole felt like
    a vice clamped around Peter's cock.

       As she loosened up a bit, he began to fuck her hard and deep,
    ramming his prick up her ultra-tight little anus like he was fucking
    her cunt. Peter reached round and stuck three fingers in her cunt.
    He can feel his cock in her ass, separates by a thin sheath of
    tissue and wraps his fingers around it. He can't believe it. He's
    actually jerking himself off with his fingers inside her cunt.

       The little girl was sucking her mother for all she was worth. The
    mother seemed to cum constantly, bucking her hips up at her
    daughter's vacuuming mouth like a machine. They all came together
    this time... the mother holding her daughter's head in her gooey,
    slime-drenched cunt, the girl with a huge cock and hand stuffed up
    her twin holes, and Peter jerking himself off inside her
    tightly-gripping preteen ass.

       The three of them collapsed in a heap, exhausted. Meanwhile,
    beside them, Sue and the little boy were sucking on each other's
    nasty bits like there was no tomorrow, slurping and licking each
    other's privates like a pair of dogs on heat. The boy lapped up her
    sticky spendings and Sue, in turn, swallowed his hard young tool
    again and again, literally fucking his stiff little prick with her
    face.

       The boy began to moan and suck Sue's clit like mad as he came,
    filling her mouth almost to overflowing with a surprisingly large
    load of little-boy sperm. Sue licked it all up and cleaned off the
    kid's hairless little balls with her tongue, not missing a single
    drop.

       "Mmmmmmm! God, you're a tasty little morsel," she grinned jacking
    the boy's slippery cock up and down with her fist. "Wanna fuck my
    cunt now honey? I'm hot again"

       Sue lay back and spread her legs for the boy, guiding his
    throbbing young prick into her pussy. She was amazed at the speed
    with which the kid had gotten hard again. His limp prick seemed to
    grow to full erection within seconds. And it was so big! Much bigger
    than a nine-year-old boy's cock should be. But, then again, Sue
    wasn't surprised at ANYTHING she experienced today.

       Despite it's formidable size, the boy's cock slid into Sue's
    gooey snatch with ease, and he immediately began pumping his skinny
    young hips back and forth, fucking Sue with a surprisingly powerful
    rhythm. Sue pulled his curly young head down to her tits and offered
    the boy her nipples which the kid sucked with relish.

       Sue was just about to come deliriously on the boy's deliciously
    pounding pecker when a woman's voice sounded harshly above them.

       "Bobby! Stop that immediately! What do you think you're doing?
    Get off that woman, you don't know where she's been!""

       The kid tried to ignore her and, to Sue's great pleasure, kept
    pounding his prick up her hot, horny hole, but the woman grabbed him
    by the ear and pulled him off her.

       "Shit, Mom!", cried the kid, standing up. His long, stiff cock
    waved tantalizingly in the breeze, glistening wetly with Sue's
    copious juices.

       Sue looked up at the woman standing above her. She was blonde and
    extremely pretty, except for the furious look on her face. Sue
    backed away, trying to hide her nakedness as the woman's eyes bored
    into her.

       "What the hell were do you think you were doing with my son?!",
    she screamed.

       Sue started to mutter an answer, but the woman cut her off.

       "Just leave him alone, okay!", bellowed the woman. Then, she
    turned to her son and hugged him tightly. "Ohh, Bobby! I've been
    looking everywhere for you, baby!"

       The boy's cock was still rock-hard, and Sue watched as the woman
    reached down and began to fist her son's huge erection.

       "I need you to come home, darling", she murmured, jerking up and
    down on her nine-year-old boy's sticky young erection. "Daddy's too
    busy fucking your little sister to be any use to me, honey. And
    Mommy is ever-so-horny!"

       As if to prove her point, the pretty, blonde mother lifted her
    dress and began to rub her panty-less crotch with her other hand.

       Bobby squeezed his mother's tits through her dress and then
    dropped a small hand to her naked crotch. He slid three fingers up
    into his mother's juicy gash and began to finger fuck the horny
    woman with hard little jabs of his wrist.

       "Will you suck my cock whenever I want, mom?" he asked, shoving
    another finger up into his mother's drooling snatch.

       "Uhhhh, Jesus! Yes, baby! I'm sorry for not sucking your cock
    this morning when you asked me, but that nice milkman was doing
    such a good job of fucking my cunt, I couldn't think straight,
    okay?"

       Sue wondered if it was the same big, hairy milkman that had
    fucked her so deliciously this morning. But before she could ask,
    Bobby pulled his mother's dress up around her waist and pushed her
    back onto the bench seat.

       "Spread you legs! I wanna fuck you right now, Mom" he grunted,
    lifting his mom's long, slender legs up over his wiry young
    shoulders.

       "Ohhhh, baby! Yessss!" gurgled the woman, grabbing the cheeks of
    her son's tight ass in both hands as the boy fell on top of her,
    fucking his hard young prick deep up into his mother's hairy wet
    pussy with the same, long, powerful thrusts that Sue had been
    enjoying so much only minutes before.

       Sue left them at it, heading off down the street in search of...
    she knew not what.... In the back of her confused brain, she
    remembered she was naked in a public street, and suddenly she had
    the strange urge to cover herself. It was strange because everybody
    else she saw was totally or at least partially naked.

       Then she saw a dress hanging out to dry in someone's backyard,
    she went over and took it off the line. But before she could put it
    on, someone in the house saw her, it was a little boy about Bobby's
    age. Sue put her finger to her lips and beckoned for the boy to come
    on out. Bobby's interrupted fucking had made her pussy as horny as
    hell.

       The kid hurried down the steps and stood staring at Sue's naked
    body. He started to get a hard-on, which Sue noticed was
    exceptionally large for a such little boy. She was so horny after
    her fucking Bobby, she almost creamed herself just looking at it.
    Sue grabbed the boy and pulled him into a shed. She undid his pants
    and gasped when she saw the size and shape of his cock. He was
    younger than Bobby but his cock seemed even bigger! Instead of a
    tiny boy-sized prick she expected, the cute little kid had a man's
    hairy, full-grown cock in his pants. And it was rock-hard!

       "Can I fuck you, lady", he asked brazenly. Sue replied by
    grabbing the boy by the ass and swallowing his cock. God, the little
    kid is even bigger than her husband, she thought as his balls
    slapped against her chin. The boy began groaning and humping Sue's
    mouth, before cumming down her throat in a torrent. Sue sucked him
    hard again and lay back on the floor, her legs spread wide and her
    knees bent. The kid crawled between her thighs and stuck his little
    hand up Sue's cunt to the elbow. Sue groaned and came instantly. The
    kid then pulled out his arm and licked it clean. Sue grabbed his
    shoulders and pulled the boy on top of her. His incongruously large
    cock slid into her well-lubricated cunthole with a wet slurp. It
    was so impossibly large that it seemed bigger than his arm!

       The little kid fucked Sue to with an inch of her life, filling
    her with so much cum she almost drowned in it. Then the door of the
    shed flew open and the boy's mother, father and two other children,
    a girl of about eight and a boy of about fifteen, came into the
    room. Sue was a little apprehensive after her last encounter with
    Bobby's mom, these people weren't angry at all. In fact, they were
    all smiling!

       They all started getting undressed and the father came over and
    knelt at Sue's head, shoving his big hairy prick down her throat.
    The mother and daughter began to fondle the fifteen-year-old's cock
    as they watched. Then the eight-year-old girl got on her knees and
    began to suck her brother off. The mother pulled her son's head down
    and he began to suck her big, round tits. "Finger-fuck your mother
    please baby", she cooed, grinding her fat, drooling cunt against her
    son's muscular young thigh.

       The older boy stuck three or four fingers into his mother's cunt
    and twisted them around, fucking them in and out of her hairy,
    gaping hole, making loud slurping sounds. His cock was almost
    completely inside his little sister's mouth, and as she
    deep-throated her big brother, the little girl was finger-fucking
    her own tiny, hairless cunt with her fingers.

       The father came in Sue's mouth but the little boy fucking her
    cunt just seemed to go on and on and on... giving Sue the most
    incredible series of orgasms she had ever experienced.

       The mother lay down on the floor and pulled her finger-fucking,
    tit-sucking son on top of her. The boy's cock popped out of his
    little sister's mouth and slapped against his mother's hairy
    cuntmound. With practiced ease the boy entered the woman's
    wide-stretched twat with a single deep thrust. The woman moaned and
    started fucking her cunt up at her son's hard, downward thrusts. The
    little girl looked unhappy, and a trifle left out, so she ran to her
    father who was sitting down beside Sue's head, recovering after
    dumping his load down Sue's throat.

       The little eight-year-old went straight up to her father and
    rubbed her hairless little cunt in her daddy's face. "Suck me,
    Daddy!", she said, pressing the man's mouth into her tiny crotch
    with both hands. Sue watched the man's stiff tongue spear into the
    youngster's slit and wriggle lewdly around. Then he covered the
    little girl's whole cunt with his big mouth and sucked noisily. The
    horny young kid almost hit the roof, squealing and grinding her
    tight, naked little ass in an effort to get as much of her daddy's
    tongue into her squirming eight-year-old twat as possible.

       Through a blaze of mindless lust, Sue felt the boy fucking her
    start to stiffen and shudder as he finally emptied his young load
    into her heaving belly. Sue came with him as buckets of hot juvenile
    sperm splattered her innermost recesses. The little boy fell off her
    and rolled aside, leaving his jism to run out of Sue's gaping cunt
    in torrents.

       Sue closed her eyes in the afterglow of her multi-orgiastic
    release. Then she felt a warm, wet tongue at her messy crotch. It
    felt so good, she stared to build up towards another climax
    immediately. The tongue seemed to slither all the way inside her
    cunt to lick out her cunt-cream and the sperm that the incredible
    big-dicked kid had just deposited there. Sue began to cum again!

       As the orgasm blasted through her loins, Sue opened her eyes to
    see who was giving her such wonderful pleasure. She almost died!
    There lapping away at her drooling red gash, was the family dog, a
    huge great dane! Sue just stared, unable to relinquish the pleasure
    the animal was giving her. Throwing caution to the winds, she
    grabbed its head and hunched her hips up at its snout, cumming and
    cumming as the dog's long, hot tongue slurped in and out of her cunt
    like a semi-hard cock.

       Beside her, the father had finished sucking his little daughter
    off and was busily trying to get his cock inside her tight little
    eight-year-old snatch. He had her on her hands and knees, her little
    thighs wide apart, as he forced his prickhead slowly into her small
    juvenile hole. The little girl arched her back and moaned with
    unashamed pleasure as her father's huge prick penetrated her
    impossibly tiny young cunt. The man held her little thighs wide
    apart with his large meaty hands. Lifting the skinny little
    eight-year-old bodily onto his stiffly skewering cock, he began to
    fuck her powerfully.

       The dog was still licking Sue's cunt, sending another series of
    small quivers through her insatiable loins. She looked down between
    her wide-spread thighs and watched the big animal lap up her juices.
    Then she spied the dog's cock. It was pink and glistening and
    incredibly long and pointed, throbbing between the Great Dane's legs
    like a shiny, red railway spike. Sue rolled onto her stomach and got
    onto all fours, wiggling her cute tail at the horny dog. She
    suddenly had the most depraved urge to have the big animal fuck her
    with that huge, scarlet prong quivering menacingly between his furry
    legs.

       Beside her the little girl was taking every inch of her father's
    impossibly huge cock up her tight, clasping little cunt... and
    screaming for more! The young boy who had fucked Sue first was
    stroking his now completely recovered prick, and staring at his
    mother's puckered little asshole with a gleam in his eye. He moved
    forward and unceremoniously shoved the massive pole of his dick up
    his moaning mother's ass as he'd done it every day of his life.

       His mother grunted and pushed back onto her youngest son's deeply
    invading penis. Her eldest son was still fucking his cock up into
    her sloppy, gaping cunt like a pile driver. Sue envied the woman,
    getting two pricks at once. Her own cunt was twitching with need, so
    she concentrated on trying to get the Great Dane interested in her
    own lewdly gaping fuckhole. But all the dog seemed interested in was
    licking the juices which were pouring from Sue's wantonly displayed
    cunt-slit.

       "Jesus! Get up on me and fuck me, you stupid mutt!", she screamed
    in frustration. "Uhhhhh, Christ! Someone fuck my cunt!"

       Suddenly she felt a pair of big strong hands on her hips, and a
    voice she recognized whispered hotly into her ear.

       "I'll fuck you, baby!" the deep, familiar voice boomed, and Sue
    felt an impossibly huge cockhead nudge her hairy, gaping cuntlips.

       "Daddy?" cried, Sue in total disbelief.

       "Yes, honey!"

       She looked back over her shoulder and found that it was indeed
    her handsome grey-haired father. He was naked. His lean, muscular
    frame kneeling behind her as his big, rough hands grasped her firmly
    by the hips, easing her juicy twat onto his rampant cock. Without
    any further dialogue, Sue found herself suddenly and deliciously
    impaled on her father's massive fuck-stick. And, as the huge,
    incredibly stiff organ slid into her buttery cunt, Sue realized that
    it felt just as good in real life as it had in her fantasies.

       God, she couldn't believe it, her own father was fucking her
    horny, upraised pussy, doggy-style. "Uhhhhh, Daddy!" she moaned with
    a grin, watching the Great Dane saunter off to lick avidly at the
    little 8-year-olds cock-filled cuntlips, "Well fuck you, Rover!"

       Sue forced her ass back up against her father's deeply pounding
    prick. Shit! It was every inch as long and thick and hard as Sue had
    imagined it would be. Ever since that night, she'd spied on her
    parents fucking, Sue had secretly had a yearning for her Daddy's
    gorgeous cock. She was twelve or thirteen at the time, but she
    remembered staring lustfully at her daddy's long, hard prick as it
    plowed into her mother's upthrust cunt. Thinking how much she wanted
    to be in her mother's place... getting fucked by Daddy.... and now,
    she was!

       Sue came hard, bucking her tight, creamy ass back against her
    daddy's deeply pounding prick. Her vision began to cloud over as she
    lost consciousness, but not before she witnessed the total depravity
    in the room around her.

       Somehow, her son Jimmy had also joined them in the shed, and was
    stuffing his hard young cock into the woman's mouth as her two son's
    took turns fucking her ass and cunt. Her daughter, Tammy was also
    there, her tight young twelve-year-old cunt filled to the balls with
    the hairy man's hard, pistoning prick. He held Tammy up by the ass,
    fucking her small quivering young frame hard up against the wall of
    the shed. Sue could hear her daughter's cries of lust as she begged
    the big, powerful man to fuck her tight little cunt even harder.

       Then she saw her husband, Peter. He was sucking out the little
    8-year-old's pussy... sticking two, three... then four, big thick
    fingers into the little girl's, tiny stretched twat. The horny
    little youngster seemed to love every deep, hard jab he gave her.

       The great dane was licking the little girl's asshole, swiping his
    big fat tongue up into the child's sloppy-wet crotch each time Peter
    shoved his fingers up inside her.

       As Sue started to loose consciousness, she watched Peter pull the
    hot little 8-year-old's tiny body up over his own and plunge his
    massive prick deep up inside her bulging pussy. With a growl the
    Great Dane mounted the little girl from behind and shoved his long,
    pointed doggy-cock deep up into the kid's tightly stretched little
    poop-hole and began to assfuck the whimpering young girl with a
    vengeance.

                        ********************************

       Sue awoke with a start! She was lying naked in her bed, the
    sheets rumpled around her and the pillows all over the bed. `Jesus,
    it was all a dream!... Christ, thank God for that', she thought,
    reaching out for her husband, Peter. But the bed beside her was
    empty. Sue could hear voices coming from down the hall so she
    pulled on a robe and headed towards the source of the sounds. As Sue
    approached her daughter's room, a feeling of deja vu came upon her.
    Then, quite clearly, she made out the rhythmical creaking of Tammy's
    bedsprings and heard her daughter's high-pitched squeal as the cute
    little twelve-year-old whimpered; "Ohhhhh, Yesssssss! Fuck me Daddy!
    Fuck me good!... You too, Jimmy!"

       Sue felt her knees buckle beneath her as the, by now familiar,
    dark, sensuous cloud of unconsciousness engulfed her shocked mind.

                              The Beginning.





Filename: Daddygrl.txt
Title: Daddy's Little Girl
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS


                          DADDY'S LITTLE GIRL
                               (by Eros)

    I know you've heard of the old cliche, "She's a daddy's girl." Well,
 when I was really little, I wasn't all that close to my father, but now
 that I'm a bit older (fourteen next December), I really like to spend
 quality time with him. So, I guess being a daddy's girl isn't confined
 to any particular age bracket. Besides, as I've matured, my father has
 turned into one of the most handsome, sexy guys I know.

    Lately, my parents' marriage has not been going too well at all. I
 found out later that my mother was losing interest in sex and my father
 is one of those men who need their quota of pussy daily. He's a
 construction worker so he's always had a gorgeous tan and a slim, yet
 muscular, body that he keeps in great shape. Even though he's
 thirty-two, my Daddy looks years younger. My mother must have been crazy
 not to want to jump in the sack with him every chance she got. I would
 have. If the silly bitch didn't appreciate what a gorgeous hunk she was
 married to, then she didn't deserve him in the first place.

    Anyway, Daddy was as horny as a ten-peckered billy goat, and I wasn't
 much better since I broke up with my boyfriend, Ricky, who I'd been
 fucking since he took my cherry when I was twelve... so I figured I
 should do my daughterly duty and help us both out. What harm could there
 be in that? All I had to do was let Dad know I wasn't the sweet little
 thirteen-year-old virgin he thought I was, and that I wouldn't mind some
 of what mom was missing out on.

    I'd been thinking about him a lot while masturbating, wondering what
 his big cock would feel like sliding in and out of my poor neglected
 little cunny. I just needed the right moment to get his attention and
 let him know I was more than interested in a little incestuous fun
 without coming straight out and saying it.

    At every opportunity I wore as little as possible around the house,
 much to my mother's annoyance. Sometimes I didn't wear any bra or
 panties at all and would innocently it in a position where my father
 could see right up between my legs. I'm sure once or twice Daddy almost
 had a heart attack at the sight of my hot little twat poking out from
 under my short dress. For a long time he pretended to ignore it, but as
 I began to get bolder, he started to get the message. I'd sit on his lap
 and grind my ass down over his cock-bulge or "accidentally" loose my
 towel as I came out of the bathroom past his bedroom door. Of course I
 was careful not to let Mom see any of this, but she was hardly ever
 home. She was always out at her club meetings or bingo, conveniently
 leaving Daddy and me alone in the house together.

    The first inkling that my Dad might have been interested was one day
 when Mom was away shopping. It was the beginning of summer and I wanted
 to get a head start on my tan, so knowing my mother wouldn't be back
 till late, I put on my favorite string bikini and hit our pool in the
 backyard to get some sun.

    My father came outside to clean the pool and chatted to me as he
 vacuumed the bottom. He kept sneaking glances at me when he thought I
 wasn't looking, but it wasn't hard to notice the hardon I was giving
 him. I think that this was the first time that he realized that I was an
 available piece of pussy with a tight ass, firm tits, luscious lips and
 juicy twat. I had shaved my pussy clean since I started to grow hair
 between my legs so my bikini lines didn't show and the skimpy strip of
 string-cloth between my legs concealed very little. I knew he could see
 the outline of my hairless little cunt and it aroused me immensely to
 show it off to him. I lay in the most subtly seductive poses I could
 think of, without being too obvious.

    Playing it to the hilt, I let my legs fall open a little more than
 usual as I talked to him, running my hands sensually up and down my
 thighs every time he looked at me and pulling down my bikini tops to
 just above my nipples. Then, after he'd got a good, long look a my tits,
 I rolled over to show him my ass.

    Under the pretext of getting comfortable, I spread my legs slightly
 and lifted my hips a bit, knowing that my plump little mound showed
 clearly through the fabric covering my crotch, and my young cuntslit
 would be framed nicely by my firm, creamy buns. Daddy was panting like a
 schoolboy by that stage, so I decided to really give him something to
 look at.

    "Do you mind if I take off my top, Daddy?", I asked innocently. "I
 don't want to get any tan lines this summer."

    "Umm... sure, honey!", he stammered, pretending not to be too
 interested, but I could see him swallow and lick his lips nervously.

    When I removed my bikini-top and released my pert young tits, I heard
 Daddy gasp. I even lay back and arched my back slightly so he could get
 a better look. He was trying not to stare, but my perfect little breasts
 were like a magnet to him. I was getting excited just knowing my big,
 handsome Daddy couldn't keep his eyes off my tits. I smiled sweetly.

    "Do you think they need more sun, Daddy?", I asked, trying to keep my
 voice sounding casual and innocent.

    "Huh?" he muttered, tearing his gaze from my chest with an effort.

    "My boobs, silly!", I said with a grin, "Do you think I should tan
 them some more?"

    "Er.. no.. I mean yes... I guess so."

    One look at my bare tits and Daddy was a emotional wreck. I loved it!
 I knew my hunk of a father was getting turned on and it aroused me
 something fierce. My hot little pussy was getting wetter and wetter and
 the bulge in Daddy's pants was getting bigger and bigger. He must have
 started getting embarrassed, because he suddenly made some lame excuse
 about having to go back inside the house and turned to leave. I had to
 act fast or the moment would be lost.

    "Daddy!"

    "Yes, sweetheart?"

    "If I rolled over, would you please rub some lotion into my back?"

    My dad stopped in his tracks and turned around. I gave him my best
 daddy's-little-girl-needs-her-daddy look and parted my legs just a
 little bit more. He hesitated for a second, then took a deep, shaky
 breath and came over to me.

    "Sure, hon. If you want me to," said Daddy, trying to sound
 disinterested. But the bulge in his pants that he'd been trying to hide
 was even bigger now.

    I sat up a little so Daddy could sit down next to me and made sure
 that my naked breast brushed against his arm as I handed him the tanning
 lotion. I could see his eyes grow big, and knew that big ol' cock of his
 was doing the same. My pussy was leaking like crazy and began to ache
 with that old familiar feeling. I needed his cock real bad!

    Daddy lubed up his hands with my suntan lotion and began to massage
 it into my upper back. I could hear his breathing pattern become heavy
 and erratic, and knew he was feeling like me, extremely horny. We were
 both in need of a good, hot fuck, so why not keep it in the family?

    He rubbed the lotion into my shoulders and down my back, but stopped
 short when he got to my waist.

    "Mmmmmm, put some on my bottom, Daddy. It's really dry, and it needs
 to be worked in. Do you mind?"

    "Not if you don't, sweetheart," he muttered, "Lift your butt a
 little."

    I got on my hands and knees and raised my ass, watching the look on
 his face over my shoulder. Daddy was just staring at my mesh-covered
 pussy. This close I was sure he could see the moisture leaking from my
 cuntslit. I wiggled my ass at him in fake annoyance.

    "Come on Daddy!", I smiled. "Don't be shy... do it!"

    "Huh?" His face was red and his hands were trembling.

    "Rub the lotion into my bottom before I burn!", I grinned, knowing
 exactly what he was thinking when I asked him to `do it'.

    He licked his lips again and reached out, massaging the oily lotion
 into my upraised buns. I loved the feel of his big, masculine hands on
 my ass, rubbing and stroking my taut young flesh until it tingled. My
 pussy was tingling too... for a different reason. I wanted Daddy to rub
 me there too, but I had to move slowly in case I scared him off.
 Although, the way he was rubbing the lotion into my asscheeks was more
 like fondling than massaging now. Once his fingers even slid a little
 way under my bikini bottoms. I had to suppress a gasp of pleasure as his
 hands slid between my legs, but he was only rubbing lotion into my inner
 thighs. God, it was frustrating!

    "Mmmmmmmm! Ooooh Daddy, That feels so good! Up a bit!", I moaned
 sexily, hoping he's get the message.

    But his hands remained tantalizingly away from my pussy, as if he was
 scared of touching it... which when you think about it, I guess he was.
 No doubt the fear of being caught molesting his daughter was still
 buried deep in the back of his mind. I had to break down years of built
 up guilt in a matter of minutes or my dad would get `cold feet' and my
 plan would fail.

    So, the next time his fingers went close to my pussy, I pushed my ass
 slightly back at him. Sure enough, his fingers brushed over my mound,
 and I couldn't suppress a soft moan. I did it again and Daddy's fingers
 stayed there longer that time, lingering for one delicious moment on my
 hot, wet mound before moving guiltily off to continue massaging my
 thighs. After a couple more times, Daddy's hand was staying on my cunt
 for a lot longer and I could feel his fingers actually pressing into my
 cuntslit. I spread my legs wider and moaned sensuously... it was now or
 never!

    "Uuuummmmmm! Please touch me, Daddy!", I begged, "Put you hand on my
 pussy and rub me there. It feels sooooo nice!"

    "Jesus, baby! We can't! If anyone ever finds out... especially your
 mother.... I'll be jail faster than..."

    "I want you to, Daddy!" I interrupted, pressing my ass back against
 his hand. "I want you to fuck me!"

    There, I'd finally said it. Now it was up to him, but just to
 convince him even further, I reached back and grabbed for the huge lump
 in his pants.

    "Ohhhh, God!", moaned Daddy, as my fingers wrapped around his
 hardened cock-shaft. "You're not a virgin, are you baby? "

    "What do you think, Daddy?", I giggled suggestively.

    "I think I'm going to fuck you, that's what!" grinned Daddy staring
 hungrily at my upraised little ass and cunt.

    His inhibitions dissolved in a second as I rubbed his erection
 through his pants. Whatever fears or guilt that had been holding him
 back before were suddenly washed away by his lust for my hard young
 body. I moaned with a mixture of ecstasy and triumph as I felt Daddy's
 big hand cover my little pussy-mound and squeeze it forcefully. My
 cuntlips pressed together and hot pussy-juice leaked out into his palm
 as I ground my ass down onto his hand in a frenzy of lust.

    "Uuuhh, baby, you're so wet!", he gasped, he seemed a bit surprised
 that his sweet little girl could get so aroused.

    "You made me wet, Daddy," I smiled, looking back at him over my
 shoulder. "My pussy is hot and wet for you! Are you gonna fuck me now,
 Daddy?"

    "Ooohhh, sweetheart, yesssss!", he hissed, ripping off my bikini
 bottoms with a wild flourish.

    I was in the perfect position for him to take me from behind, a fact
 that was not lost on my horny dad. He grabbed me by the hips and slid
 his straining prick straight into my cunt from the rear. We both moaned
 loudly at the deep penetration, but I had little time to catch my
 breath. Daddy was so horny, he began pumping his cock into my tight,
 hairless little pussy like a piston. He must have been exceptionally
 aroused, because he fucked me like a wild man. My ass shook and my tits
 jiggled almost painfully as Daddy plowed into me with jack-hammer
 strokes.

    His big cock was stretching my poor little fuckhole much wider than
 Ricky's boyish prick had ever done, and his huge balls slapped against
 my clit, pushing me quickly towards a powerful orgasm. Another couple of
 strokes of my Daddy's thick cock and I was cumming like crazy. I pushed
 my cunt back at his cock and arched my back, squealing and whimpering so
 loud it was a wonder the whole neighbourhood didn't hear me.

    Daddy kept slamming into me, fucking me through my orgasm as his own
 climax began to build rapidly. I heard him snort and felt his pistoning
 cock swell even bigger as he came with a shudder, filling my
 thirteen-year-old cunt with his incestuous seed.

    "Ohhhh! Ohhhh, shit! You gorgeous little fuck!", groaned Daddy, as he
 emptied his balls into my still-convulsing twat.

    We slumped forward with Daddy on top of me, his twitching prick still
 buried deeply in my hairless, cum-drenched little fuckhole. I was
 squashed beneath his big, muscular body, but I didn't care.... my
 wonderful, handsome Daddy had fucked my cunt and made me come like I'd
 never, EVER come before. I was hooked! I was about to roll over and let
 Daddy fuck me again, when we heard Mom's car in the driveway.

    "Shit!" bellowed Dad, pulling his semi-hard cock out of my pussy and
 shoving it back into his pants. "Get your clothes back on quick,
 sweetheart!... Your mother's home!"

    I scrambled into my bikini and lay back on the pool chair just in
 time, as Mom came looking for us. Dad was standing by the edge of the
 pool fishing out leaves and I was lying back lazily on the chair with my
 towel around my waist by the time Mom arrived. We both waved to her
 nonchalantly but underneath our hearts were pumping madly. To any casual
 observer, it looked like the perfect backyard family scene, but Mom
 would have shit in her pants if she knew that only minutes before, Dad
 has his long, hard cock rammed up my tender thirteen-year-old cunt and
 we were fucking lile rabbits!

    Mom was her usual obnoxious self and complained about how bad her day
 had been until Dad gave me a conspiratorial wink and suggested we all go
 inside for dinner. Mom went in first and Dad and I followed. I knew
 after what happened he would be watching my butt so I gave it a
 seductive little wiggle and was rewarded with an intimate little squeeze
 of my ass as Daddy silently let me know how much he appreciated our
 first fuck. I was determined not to let it be our last!

                           To be continued......

   ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  | If you liked this story and want it to continue, please leave a     |
  | message to EROS in the AdultLinks echo A_EROS_TXT. (Written 29/9/94)|
  | (c) EROS                                                            |
   ----------------------------------------------------------------------





Filename: MOM&DAD.TXT
Title: Cumming With Mom and Dad
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                        CUMMING WITH MOM AND DAD
                               (by EROS!)

       After I graduated from college, I took off for a year to see the
    world. I developed a certain amount of scorn for the small-town
    morals of my home as I explored everything from the elegant obscenity
    of Thailand's brothels to the wide-open, anything-goes atmosphere of
    Holland's sex clubs. Never in all that time did I guess that I would
    encounter the ultimate and universally most forbidden kink when I
    returned home!

       Mom looked years younger when she met me at the airport. She gave
    me a lingering hug and I could have sworn I felt the nipples of her
    incredible breasts digging into my chest. She looked years younger.
    Her health club membership could explain the taut, trim lines of her
    sexy new figure, but I was at loss to figure out how she'd smoothed
    the lines out of her face. Dad didn't look bad, either, although he'd
    allowed a little silver to lighten the dark brown of his thick hair.

          It didn't take long for me to figure out that the folks had
    experienced something like a prolonged second honeymoon while I was
    gone. There was the constant spark of sex in the air, a tension that
    affected me in a way I would be reluctant to confess. After all my
    wild, world-spanning adventures, here I was back home, locking my
    bedroom door so that I could play with my cock. I found it difficult
    to sleep at night and several times I experienced such a painful ache
    in my balls that I jerked awake out of a deliciously dirty dream.

       One night, I was dreaming about eating pussy when I awoke to my
    empty room. it was impossible to just lie there and suffer, so I
    decided to get up and fetch myself a drink.

       When I crept quietly into the hall, however, I saw something that
    made me hornier than ever.... the sight of my sexy, naked mother
    riding my father's stiff cock! Either they didn't know or didn't care
    that the door to their bedroom had popped open, because they kept
    pounding away at their business without so much as a momentary glance
    toward the hall where I stood.

       I should have slipped back into my room, but I was held by my
    lust. I slipped my hand quietly inside the waistband of my jockey
    shorts to massage the growing hardness of my prick. I'd seen boobs of
    every size, shape, and color, and yet none of them had aroused me in
    quite the same way that the sight of my mother's big, jiggling tits
    did as they bounced sensually up and down on her chest. I could see
    from where I stood that Mom was already cumming, yet she was
    continuing to grind her pelvis madly against my father's
    deeply-pumping prick.

       I squeezed my fist around the head of my dick, and I moaned aloud.
    I didn't mean to make a sound, it just slipped out of me. My mother
    couldn't stop bucking on top of my father, but she did raise her eyes
    until she was looking out into the dark hallway. Then, in the light
    of the bedroom lamp, she saw me, her own son, standing there in the
    doorway rubbing an obvious erection inside his shorts.

       "Don't stand in the shadows, son," she whispered. "Come in here
    and help your father out."

       What? I wanted to slap my hand against the side of my head to
    clear it. I couldn't have heard what I just thought I did, could I?!!

       "What are you waiting for?" Mom asked. Her voice was soft and
    sweet. "Come in here and let Momma take care of that nasty big lump
    in your pants."

       Jesus! I thought I was still dreaming. I couldn't believe what my
    gorgeous, naked mother was offering!

       "It's alright, son. We know you've probably learned a lot about
    sex in your travels that you want to try with somebody you love. Come
    share them with us. Your father and I are much more open-minded than
    you realize. We'll understand."

       I found myself slipping into my parents' bed. My jockey shorts got
    lost somewhere along the way, so I was as naked as the two of them.
    My father grinned up at me from underneath my mother's squirming
    body.

       "You plug her up the ass while I fuck her cunt, son" Dad grinned.
    "Your mother really loves getting reamed in both holes at once."

       I couldn't believe it! By the sounds of it, my own parents were
    into group sex, and now they wanted me to join them. Well if that's
    what they wanted, I'd certainly show them what I'd learnt about sex
    in my travels.

       Fortunately, I'd spent several weeks perfecting my anal technique
    with a trio of Japanese whores in Osaka. Taking a deep breath, I
    mentally called up all the knowledge I'd accumulated on the topic.
    You don't want to give your own mother less than the best!

       So, I didn't just ram my prick into my mother's puckered little
    asshole and start plugging away, much as I might have wanted to.
    Instead, I shaped my tongue into a soft, melting petal that I diddled
    down into her crack to lick open Mom's tightest orifice. Slithering
    the very tip of my tongue a couple of inches inside of her asshole, I
    swished it around to make her sphincter open naturally. My mother
    whimpered softly as she lifted her butt more forcefully against my
    face.

       Then, and only then, did I spit on the head of my dick and begin
    to force it deep into Mom's hot, tight little asshole. She made a
    soft, sound as I fed her my shaft inch by careful inch. It wasn't the
    first time that I'd shared a woman by fucking her butt while another
    man fucked her pussy, but the sensuousness of the situation was made
    infinitely more exciting by the fact that the man in this case was my
    father and the woman was my own mother!

       Mom turned her head and looked at me over her shoulder. A sexy
    smile on her beautiful face.

       "Uuuuh! Yeah! Hurry up and fuck mommy's ass, baby, but don't cum
    yet. I want you to cum in my cunt as soon as your father has finished
    with it."

       "If I finish with it!", said Dad, ramming his cock up into my
    mother's cunt with a meaningful thrust.

       Mom laughed and kissed my father deeply, at the same time wiggling
    her ass back and forth on my slippery, sliding cock.

       "Ohhh, yesssssss!", she hissed. "Fuck me! Fuck me, with your two
    wonderful prick. God, it's so much better being double-fucked by two
    men you love!"

       I'd never heard my mother talk like that before in my life. Then
    again, I'd never butt-fucked her before either. Mom's dirty talk
    spurred me on to send her over the edge. I reached around and grabbed
    her jiggling boobs, squeezing the big round globes I had suckled on
    as a baby, and would again no doubt, I thought with a grin. Mom's
    tits were surprisingly firm. In fact, her whole body was firm, not an
    ounce of fat on it anywhere. She must really be into this aerobics
    shit she told me about in a big way.

       I squeezed Mom's tits for a while and then grabbed her hips,
    fucking my cock a little harder into the tight, buttery channel of
    her anus. Mom's groans grew louder as I fucked her faster and her
    movements became more erratic and jerky. I knew she was cumming, and
    when I heard her scream it out. I felt Dad's cock jerk inside her
    cunt through the thin membrane that separated out pricks. He was
    cumming too!

       It was a truly erotic feeling, fucking my mother's ass as she came
    on my father's cock. The extra tightness of my prick up Mom's ass
    must have pushed Dad over the edge, because despite his earlier
    promise of holding out for a while, he was cumming already.

       I slowed my strokes in Mom's ass and let her come down from her
    orgasm slowly. She collapsed on top of my father and they kissed,
    breathlessly. When Mom's inner contractions finally died down, I
    pulled my cock from her well-fucked butt and lay down beside them.

       Mom reached over and grabbed my slimy cock, jacking up and down on
    the shaft to keep it hard. I leant over and pulled her face down to
    mine. We kissed... like mother and son are never supposed to... hot,
    open-mouthed and passionate. God, she was horny! My own mother was
    jerking her fist on my cock and ramming her hot tongue right down my
    throat.

       Mom lifted her hips and let Dad's limp cock fall out of her
    cum-filled cunt.

       I pulled my lips off my mom's and looked at my father, kind of
    asking his permission, I guess.

       "Don't mind me," he grinned. "Looks like your mother's horny cunt
    needs more cock that I can provide right now. Go ahead and fuck her,
    son! I'll just watch for a while."

       Without needing any further encouragement, I pushed Mom over onto
    her back and pulled her sweaty legs apart. Her cunt was open and wet,
    her matted pussy-hair drenched with their combined juices. I suddenly
    had a real dirty thought. Even though my father had just dumped a
    load of jizz inside her hot, dribbling hole, I had an overwhelming
    urge to suck my mother's cunt! Mom must have seen the look of hunger
    on my face as I stared at her pussy, 'cause she reached up and pulled
    me down between her out-stretched thighs.

       "Yesssss! Do it, baby!", she hissed. "Suck my pussy out! Suck
    Momma's juicy wet cunt!"

       I dipped my head between mom's lewdly splayed thighs and pressed
    my mouth over the hairy hole my father had just finished fucking. She
    moaned and bucked her gaping snatch up at my mouth as I began to lick
    and suck my mother's glistening, scarlet cuntflesh.

       "Uhhhhh, baby! Suck my clit!", Mom screeched. "Suck my fuckin'
    clit and I'll come all over your face! Oooooh, you gorgeous,
    wonderful boy! Suck Momma's clit, honey!"

       I took her erect little lovebud deep between my lips and sucked,
    nibbling lightly with my teeth as I'd learned to do so well. Mom
    nearly hit the bedroom roof! Her hips bucked and her back arched,
    forcing her pussy hard against my sucking lips and deeply delving
    tongue.

       Dad was just lying there watching me suck his wife, stroking his
    cock and grinning. His cock had regained some of it's previous glory
    but was far from a state that would do Mom any good. My own cock on
    the other hand was just about bursting with need. I had to fuck my
    mother now or my balls would damn well explode!  To her obvious
    disappointment, I pulled my lips and tongue out of Mom's gooey cunt
    and rolled her onto her belly.

       "Get on your hands and knees, Mom!" I told her. "I'm gonna fuck
    you doggy-style!"

       "Ohhh, honey! How did you know? That's my favourite position!",
    Mom giggled. My dad laughed.

       "Any position is your mother's favourite position," he said, "as
    long as she's got a cock stuffed up her cunt!"

       I grinned back at Dad.

       "I can believe that!", I replied, spreading my mom's legs wide.

       In this position, with her ass poking up in the air and her face
    pushed into the bedclothes, my mother's cunt was at just the right
    height and angle for a fabulous fuck. I edged forward on my knees
    behind her until the tip of my cock nudged her cuntlips. Then I
    slowly pushed forwards, watching the puffy lips of her cunt envelop
    my prick like a sucking mouth.

       Mom groaned and so did I as my cock slid easily all the way inside
    her. She surprisingly tight for her age. Even after accommodating
    Dad's big fuck-pole, my mother's slippery cunthole gripped my prick
    like a vice.

       "Fuck me! Fuck my pussy, son!", she chanted. "Fuck your mommy's
    hot, wet cunt!"

       I started to move in her. Fucking slow and steady at first, but
    Mom wasn't having any of that. She began thrusting her ass back to
    meet my prick, begging me to fuck her harder. So I did. Throwing
    caution to the wind, I began to pump my mother's clasping cunt as
    hard and as fast as I could.

       "Uhhhhh! Yeah! Fuck! Fuuuuccck!", Mom squealed."Fuck me like a
    dog! Fuck me hard, you gorgeous son of a bitch!"

       I smiled at the implications of her words. She was being fucked
    like a bitch in heat... and I was her son.... so that did indeed make
    me a "son of a bitch". Dad got the joke too, because he grinned at me
    and urged me on, all the while jerking on his swelling cock with his
    fist.

       "Fuck her, son! Really ram it to her hard! Your mother needs a
    young cock every so often to keep her satisfied."

       I understood immediately. Mom and Dad had become swingers! Well, I
    didn't mind at all. I was getting to fuck my gorgeous, sexy mother,
    and that was all that mattered right then. I grabbed Mom's slim waist
    and pulled her cunt onto my pounding prick, increasing the power and
    speed of our forbidden coupling.

       Mom's cunt sucked and pulled on my cock, making loud slurping
    sounds as I fucked her hard and fast. Soon, I felt her tightly
    clenching cunt-muscles contract and quiver. My mom was cumming
    hard... cumming all over the pistoning shaft of my prick like I'd
    never seen a woman cum before, and I had seen plenty. Her cunt was
    squirming back onto my cock like crazy, and deliciously depraved
    obscenities spilled from her pretty mouth as I fucked her expertly
    through a very powerful and lengthy orgasm.

       Mom slumped forward on the bed, but I held her ass up in the air
    and kept on fucking steadily. I was close to orgasm myself, but I
    knew it would be another minute or so before I would be ready to
    squirt cum into my mother's womb. I pulled my hard, glistening cock
    out of the slippery sheath of her cunt, and rolled Mom over onto her
    back.

       "Oh, Nooo! Put it back! Fuck me some more!", she complained.

       "Don't worry, Mom", I panted, grabbing her ankles. "I'm nowhere
    near finished fucking you!"

       Her eyes were glazed with lust as she watched me lift her legs
    high and wide. Her cunthole gaped open, drooling like a juicy pink
    mouth. I hunched forwards and re-buried my prick into that hot,
    quivering mass of maternal cuntflesh and resumed fucking my mother
    with a vengeance.

       Dad's cock was at full erection by this time. Watching me fuck Mom
    must have been a real turn-on for him, 'cause he scrambled over to
    Mom's face and pushed his big boner into her open mouth. Mom sucked
    Dad while I fucked her cunt. Soon, I felt my balls tighten and my
    cock twitch. A massive wave of incredible pleasure swept over me and
    centered in my balls, causing them to empty their hot, sticky load
    into my mom's eagerly upthrust cunt.

       Mom came again too, moaning and writhing beneath me, sucking on
    Dad's cock like a goddamned vacuum-cleaner! Within seconds, Dad was
    coming too, squirting another load right down Mom's ever-suckin'
    throat.

       The next morning, Dad had to go to work so Mom and I had the day
    to ourselves. After serving me breakfast in bed, (pussy au natural)
    Mom stuffed my cock into her juicy cunt and told me to get down to
    some serious mother-fucking, or else. I cheerfully obliged. By the
    time Dad got home, I was fucked out, but Mom was still so hot, she
    almost ripped Dad's clothes off. I fell blissfully asleep that night
    listing to the sounds of my parents making hot passionate love on the
    living room floor. What a day!

       That was five years ago, and I'm married now, but in all that
    time, I doubt whether my mom has gone without my cock for more than
    twenty-four hours. Thankfully, my wife Sherry is just as much of a
    swinger as the rest of the family. I found that out when she stumbled
    upon me, Dad and Mom having a little private family celebration in
    one of the bedrooms during the wedding reception.

       I was fucking my mom and she was sucking Dad's cock. Sherry just
    closed the door, lifted up her dress, pulled her panties aside and
    asked my father to fuck her. Of course, Dad did exactly that. He
    hoisted my new bride up onto a table, spread her legs, and fucked her
    standing up. Sherry loved it!

       Sherry and I often swap with Mom and Dad or just indulge in the
    spontaneous sex that often happens when one of us visits the other
    couple. All in all, it's a neat arrangement. In fact, I wouldn't have
    my family life arranged any other way!


                                 The End.


     
      This file proudly brought to you by The BLUE ROOM BBS! 
                                                             
             Home of,                                        
                                          _     _  (tm)      
                       (  \./  )           
                        >>>\   />        
                             \./              
                                                             
             Specializing in the finest ADULT EROTICA!       
                                                             
                        +61 (079) 702204                     
                                                             
      Open 5pm to 8am Weeknights & 24hrs on Weekends & Hols. 
     
     





Filename: MOTHSON.TXT
Title: Mothers and Sons
Author: Eros
Origin: USENET


                             MOTHERS & SONS
                                (By Eros)

    Alison paused outside her son's bedroom, her beautiful face spreading
    into an amused smile as she listened to the soft moans and rhythmic
    creaking sounds emanating from the other side of the door. Her son
    Randy was beating his meat again. Actually his full name was
    Randolph... after his grandfather, but everyone called him Randy, much
    to Alison's amusement. A fitting name for a sixteen-year-old who spent
    most of his time alone with his cock in his hand, she thought with a
    smile. In the year since her husband had died, she'd heard Randy
    jacking off with greater and greater frequency. Now, dressed in a
    transparent, waist-length negligee, Alison had decided to help her
    horny, frustrated young son become a man.

    It was perfectly natural, Alison thought, that her only son should
    enjoy the intense pleasure of his very first fuck with his own mother.
    She looked down at herself, admiring the extreme voluptuousness of her
    nearly naked body, the size of her large, firm tits and the dense
    triangle of her dark-brown pussy fur. Her figure was extremely
    curvaceous for a woman of her petite build, with full, perfectly formed
    thighs and the kind of plump, round ass that men always wanted to pat
    and pinch and stroke.

    Her most impressive feature, Alison knew, was the size of her breasts.
    She'd often caught Randy, or one of his young friends, admiring her
    big, jiggling tits. It excited her to know that she could still turn
    on teenage boys... especially her son. Alison often went around the
    house without a bra, just to get a reaction. She invariably did.
    Right now, her tits were completely visible through the transparent
    negligee. For the first time, Randy would be able to see the stiff,
    crimson buds of her nipples.

    Alison was hoping it would make her son so awfully horny, he'd want to
    stick his hard young cock into her pussy rather than beat off alone
    all the time. She saw nothing wrong in her desire to fuck her own son.
    In fact she got extremely aroused at the thought of feeling Randy's
    lips sucking her stiff nipples, his hands on her ass as he rammed his
    throbbing young teenage cock in and out of her cunt. Why shouldn't
    she give him some relief, when her son was obviously so horny?
    Sometimes she'd heard the bed springs squeaking five times in a single
    night.

    "Oh, Randy," Alison said, in a gentle voice. She knocked lightly.
    "It's me. Do you mind if I come in and talk to you for a minute?"

    "Uh... yeah, sure." Randy's voice sounded rushed, and Alison pictured
    him hastily pulling the sheets over his naked body. "Come on in, Mom!"

    Alison stepped into his bedroom, smiling lovingly at the tall,
    slender, red-faced youth sitting up in bed, supported by pillows
    bunched between his shoulders and the head board. He was dark, like
    her, and the lamp shining on the nightstand showed the lean
    musculature of his bare torso. The sheets were around his waist, and
    Alison felt her pussy begin to moisten as she saw the tenting bulge of
    an obvious hard-on beneath the covers.

    "Wh-what'd you want to talk to me about, Mom?" Randy said nervously.

    Alison crossed the room, her tits jiggling seductively as she took a
    seat beside him on the bed. Randy's eyes bulged as he saw his mother's
    transparent negligee.

    "About what you were just doing, honey," Alison said gently. She
    smiled at her son, dropping her hand to lightly stroke the downy fur
    that had just begun sprouting on his chest. "You were jacking off when
    I knocked on the door, weren't you?"

    Randy's blush grew much deeper. "How'd you know?"

    "The bed springs squeak, honey" Alison smiled, bouncing up and down
    gently. "But I guess you were too engrossed in what you were doing to
    notice, right?"

    She moved her hand down, stroking his stomach.

    "Honey, I've heard you jacking off an awful lot recently. Are you
    really that horny?"

    "I g...guess so Mom," Randy mumbled.

    "Mmm. I hope it doesn't embarrass you, darling. It's natural for a
    boy your age to get a lot of hard-ons. Tell me, have you fucked a girl
    yet?"

    "No," Randy whispered.

    "But you'd like to, wouldn't you, honey?  That's what you think about
    when you stroke your stiff cock, isn't it?"

    Randy didn't answer. He was licking his lips, trembling lightly with
    helpless lust as he ogled his mom's gorgeous body through the
    negligee. Alison's pussy started throbbing as she watched her son's
    cock getting even stiffer, throbbing powerfully under the sheets.

    "Honey, why are you looking at Mommy's body like that?"

    "I... I can't help it," Randy mumbled.

    "Ummm." Alison looked at his jutting crotch. "Your cock looks like
    it's about to punch a hole through the sheets, baby. Is my body making
    you horny?"

    Randy just gulped and nodded his head. Alison smiled at her son's
    sudden shyness. It was very appealing. Grasping the sheets, she slowly
    pulled them down to the foot of the bed.

    "Mom! What are you doing?!" exclaimed Randy, but made no move to cover
    himself as his tremendously large erection came into view.

    Alison gasped at the sight of his naked cock. It was everything she
    had expected, and more... incredibly huge and stiff, at least as long
    as his father's had been, but much thicker. Her's nipples tingled as
    she gazed hungrily at her son's enormous prick, watching it jerk and
    pulse over his flat, muscular stomach.

    "Oooh, Randy, it looks like it's going to explode," Alison purred,
    shamelessly wrapping her fingers around her son's prick. "Does that
    feel good, honey?" she asked, as she started jacking his cock.

    "Jesus, Mom!" Randy gasped.

    "Please don't be ashamed, Randy. Mommy really wants to do this for
    you." Alison jacked his prick faster. "Would you like to learn about
    sex with your mom?"

    "Y...yes!"

    "All right, baby. Why don't I start out by showing you how good it
    feels to have your cock sucked? Be a good boy, now, and sit up on the
    edge of the bed."

    Randy did as his mother asked, his huge prick throbbing wildly,
    wiggling to the edge of the mattress. Alison eagerly knelt on the
    floor facing him, her mouth watering as she confronted the jutting
    thickness of his cock. Again she wrapped her fingers around his
    fucker, this time she squeezed it very hard and pumped her fist up and
    down its length from tip to base. Her pussy began to drool as she
    watched his spongy cock-knob puff up in front of her, oozing out
    little, milky droplets of pre-cum.

    "Your cock is leaking," Alison purred. "You must be awfully horny,
    darling. Mmmmmmmm! Oooh yeah, you really do need Mommy to suck your
    prick for you, don't you?"

    "Please! Oh, please, Mom..."

    "Ohhh, Randy..."

    Her words trailed off as Alison dropped her head, planting a wet kiss
    on the flared tip of her son's throbbing erection. With a moan, she
    thrust out her tongue, wantonly lapping up the sticky juice from his
    cock-hole. It was delicious, salty-tasting and creamy at the same
    time. She couldn't wait to get her lips around his gorgeous young
    pole... to milk the full load out of her son's balls... to swallow and
    gulp down his jizz as the hot cum fountained down her throat. Her cunt
    twitched with wild, incestuous anticipation.

    Alison let her lips part, sliding her mouth down onto the throbbing
    stiffness of Randy's cock. She paused with a third of his big prick
    in her mouth, her lips stretched to bursting around his surprisingly
    thick cockshaft. Then the horny mom shut her eyes and puckered her
    cheeks, eagerly sucking the blood-pounding length of her own son's
    cock .

    "Uuuhhh, Mom!" Randy gazed down at her, shocked and excited by the
    obscene spectacle of his own mother slurping hungrily on his prick.
    "That feels so good, Mom! Unggghh! Oh, shit, it feels way better than
    jacking off! Suck harder, Mom! My cock's so stiff!"

    Alison sucked her son's prick extremely hard, as if she were
    physically starved for the taste of his soon-to-be-squirting cum. Her
    cheeks reddened with the wanton intensity of the blow-job, and she
    shut her eyes more tightly, wanting to block out all thoughts
    unrelated to the taste and feel of his wonderful fuckmeat.

    She was sure this was her son's very first experience with
    cocksucking, and she wanted to be sure it would be one he'd remember
    for many years to come. Already Randy's vital personality and rugged
    good looks had attracted a number of young girlfriends, but Alison
    doubted if any of those teenage cock-teasers had sampled her son's
    big, stiff prick yet. But it wouldn't be long, she thought, before he
    found one who would be willing to go down on his pleasure-pole for
    him.

    She really needed Randy to enjoy his first blow-job. Alison wanted
    him to remember his mother as the best cocksucker of them all. She
    would certainly be one of the most eager. During the years of their
    marriage, she could count on one hand the nights she'd allowed her
    departed husband to go to sleep without sucking at least one spewing
    load of cum from his prick. Alison was determined to continue the
    tradition with her eager young son.

    Randy's prick was getting even stiffer now, pulsing violently on the
    roof of her mouth. Any second now, her son was going to squirt his
    load down her throat. Alison tightened her fingers around the base of
    his prick, again jacking his glistening shaft hard and fast with her
    fist. She bobbed her head in a shameless rhythm, eagerly fucking her
    face with her son's stiff prick.

    "Jesus, Mom!, I'm gonna cum!" Randy gasped, wincing as his mother's
    strong right fist flew up and down his cock, from the base to her
    sucking lips. "Suck it, Mom.. suck it hard! Uuuuuuuh, fuck! It's gonna
    be a big one, Mom!"

    Alison started sucking as hard as she could, slurping and gurgling
    noisily, her wet mouth covering the top third of his cock with spit.
    She pushed her left hand between his trembling thighs, and gently
    squeezed and fondled her son's big hairy balls, encouraging the load
    of spunk to come gushing out of his dilated cock-tip.

    "Oh, Mom, I'm cumming now! Ahhhhh!"

    Randy clutched is mother's head, curling his fingers in her wavy brown
    hair. Alison whimpered in ecstasy as the hot spurts of cum started
    shooting out of his throbbing cock, spewing and gushing in a torrent
    down her throat.

    Frantically the horny mother gulped and swallowed, the sounds of her
    cocksucking growing even louder as she urgently consumed the creamy
    tide of her son's delicious cum. The milky jizz spattered the inside
    of her mouth, squirting rhythmically across her tongue. Alison clung
    feverishly to Randy's jerking, spewing prick, refusing to let it out
    of her mouth until she'd licked the last trace of her son's tasty
    sperm from the tip.

    "Ohh, God!" Randy panted dazedly. "Jesus, Mom, that was so good!"

    Alison rose to her feet, shamelessly licking the cum from the corners
    of her mouth. Her pussy burned as she looked at her son's prick. His
    saliva-coated erection was still hard as a rock, as if he'd never cum
    at all. It was more than stiff enough to slide up his mother's cunt.
    Alison stripped off her negligee, tossing it to the floor, completely
    exposing her incredibly sexy body to her son. Her big tits quivered
    invitingly as she crawled onto the center of the bed, spreading her
    legs and settling her asscheeks into a good humping position on the
    mattress.

    "Would you like to touch Mommy's body now, honey?" she purred,
    wantonly. "Before I teach you how to fuck?"

    Randy quickly turned toward her, stretching out beside his mother on
    the bed. Alison shuddered with pleasure as he slid his hands up her
    slender, girlishly-rounded belly, then filled his fingers with her
    luscious tits. His fascination with her breasts was obvious as he
    lewdly squeezed and milked the heavy globes, kneading them under his
    palms.

    "Go on, suck them, baby. Suck Mommy's tits!"

    Randy lowered his head, opening his mouth wide to engulf one stiff,
    crimson nipple. Hungrily he slurped his mother's rubbery teat into his
    mouth, and Alison was reminded that this wasn't the first time her son
    had sucked her nipples. As a baby he had done it hundreds, thousands
    of times, sucking her warm creamy milk into his hungry mouth. But now,
    sixteen years later, his suckling was doing things to her that it
    never had as a nursing baby. She only she wished she had some milk
    for him to suck up now.

    Alison whimpered and started humping her ass off the bed, groaning as
    her horny son ran his fingers through her dense brown pussy curls and
    slipped two, stiff fingers into her creamy, clasping cunthole.

    "Oh, my baby! Ooh, my sweet, sweet baby!" she cried. "Mommy's cunt is
    so wet now, Randy! Please, honey... fuck your mother now! Hurry, baby!
    Fuck my cunt!"

    Randy took a moment to suck her second nipple, until the second
    areola was also crinkled to total stiffness, covered with saliva and
    little tooth marks. Then he released her quivering tits and crawled
    into position between her legs. Alison quickly lifted her luscious
    legs high in the air, spreading them wide-open, completely opening her
    tight, wet, curly-haired pussy for the first eager thrust of her
    son's stiff cock.

    "Lean over me, Randy," she panted. "I'll help you put it in."

    Randy did as his mother asked, placing his arms either side of her
    shoulders to support the weight of his torso. His huge erection pulsed
    over her lower belly, and Alison reached down, grasping his hard-on
    with both hands. She bent it down until his fat cock-head nudged
    between the pouting lips of her gaping pussy-slit.

    "Push your hips down, Randy!"

    Randy did as he was told immediately, his mouth opening wide in
    pleasure his cock slid into a tight, wet cunthole for the very first
    time.

    "Uhhhhh, fuck!  Mom, it feels so good!" he cried.

    Clumsily he started humping on top of her, thrusting two, then three
    inches of his long, hard prick up his mother's clinging cunt. She
    stopped him when he had about four or five inches of throbbing
    man-meat lodged inside her tightly-stretched twat. But there was still
    a good deal more to go.

    "Unggghhh! Oh, Randy! Oh, baby, it's so big!" Alison cried. "Take
    your time, lover. We've got all night. That's right... that's better
    ... oh, Randy... ungghhhh! Oh, Randy, it's such a monster! It feels
    so good up Mommy's cunt!"

    Over half of his huge prick was buried in the syrupy sheath of his
    mother's pussy now, and Randy could hardly believe how good it felt to
    have a tight, hot cunt milking wetly around his prick. His humping
    motions were smoother now as he worked on top of her, contracting his
    ass cheeks, sliding his massive fuck-pole deeper and deeper into his
    mother's tight cunt.

    "Fuck me, Randy!" Alison squealed, growing hornier and hornier.
    "Unggghh! Oh, please, baby, Mommy wants ALL of your cock!"

    Randy pushed his hips down hard, sinking every inch of his rigid
    fuck-pole into the juicy tightness of his mother's pussy. The giant
    cock stuffed her cunt completely, his cock-knob reaching the depths of
    her womb. Randy let his elbows bend. his chest now crushing his naked
    mother's enormous tits. Eagerly he started humping his ass in a hard,
    fast rhythm, pumping his hard young cock eagerly in and out of his
    mom's hairy, clinging cunt.

    "That's it, baby!" Alison gasped. "You're fucking me good now, lover!
    Do you like the way it feels, Randy? Do you like the way Mommy's pussy
    feels around your prick?"

    "Oh, God yesssss!" Randy hissed, fucking faster and deeper. "It feels
    fuckin' fantastic! Oh, Mom! I think I'm gonna cum again!"

    Alison threw her arms and legs around him, locking her forearms
    together around his neck, scissoring her ankles together across her
    son's bobbing ass. Then the big-titted mom started humping her hips
    off the bed in a frenzy of lust, ferociously fucking her pussy up at
    the satisfying stiffness of her own son's pounding prick.

    "Fuck your mother, Randy! Unh unh unh, fuck your mother's juicy pussy!
    Harder, honey! God, I'm so hot for you! I love your big cock, Randy!
    Oh, please, fuck the shit out of me! Mommy needs a good cum!"

    Randy fucked his horny mother faster and faster, the headboard
    thumping against the wall and the noisy bed springs squeaking louder
    than ever under Alison's madly-humping ass. Suddenly, Alison felt her
    cunt starting to spasm around her son's pistoning fuckrod. Randy's
    cock grew even stiffer, milked hungrily by the tight, clinging sheath
    of his mom's bucking pussy.

    "Fuck it, Randy!" Alison gasped, her face contorting in a grimace of
    pure lust. "Unngghhh! Harder, baby! Fuck that cunt as hard as you can!
    Nnnngggg! Oh, fuck, oh, shit, I'm cumming! Fuck your mother, Randy!
    Arrrrrhhh, Mommy's cuuummmiiinnnggg, babbyyyy!!"

    It was an intense orgasm, the like of which Alison had not experienced
    for a long, long time. The pleasure coursing through her naked body
    made her tight pussy-hole suck and contract reflexively around her
    son's deeply impaling prick, her trembling hips buck uncontrollably
    off the bed. Randy fucked his mother hard, slamming his prick to the
    hilt in her spasming fuckhole until his own climax peaked and a
    torrent of jizz squirted from the end of his twitching cock for the
    second time tonight, this time deep up inside his mother's hot,
    clinging cunt.

    "Oh, baby!" Alison cried, as she felt the milky cum spouting into
    her. "Oh, yeah! Cum in me, Randy! Cum in Mommy's cunt! Uhhhhnnnngg!
    Ahhhhhh!!"

    The sticky incestuous load gushed out of Randy's cock-tip, deluging
    his mother's squirming pussy with fuck-cream. Alison eagerly kept
    humping her ass beneath him, shuddering as she felt his jism oozing
    back out of her hairy pussy-slit, puddling under her ass on the bed.

    As the ecstasy began to fade from Alison's tingling body, the
    importance of she'd just done began to sink in. She'd actually fucked
    her own son... and loved every second of it!  It was such an intensely
    pleasurable experience, Alison knew that she would suck him off or let
    him fuck her whenever his cock got stiff. She knew that a virile young
    prick like Randy's was prone to frequent stiffness.. it was up to her,
    as a mother, to give her son relief.

    Alison sighed and settled back on the bed, feeling Randy's cock still
    throbbing deep inside her tender fuck-hole. She thought of her best
    friends, Monica and Kate, both of whom were single parents, both of
    whom had sons just about Randy's age. The similarity in their lives
    was one of the things that had made the three moms close.

    Kate supplemented her meagre income with a small business as a history
    tutor. Alison had met her when Randy had enrolled as one of Kate's
    pupils. She'd met Monica in a more peculiar fashion, when the two of
    them had become embroiled in a length argument about sex-education at
    a school meeting. Alison sighed as she thought of Monica Walsh's
    incredible beauty. Monica had the kind of long, wavy, golden blonde
    hair that nearly all women envied, and a face that had once made her a
    sought-after figure model. Her body was as incredible as Alison's,
    with long, tapering legs and tits that were nearly as big.

    Alison often thought it was a shame that Monica had to be so
    conservative. She doubted that Monica had given her pussy to a single
    man since her divorce, even though every male in the suburb would have
    done anything to get into Monica's panties. And Monica had a son,
    Paul, who had grown up to be quite a handsome young stud. Alison
    smiled to herself, wondering how often Paul jacked off, if Monica
    ever heard him. They had argued at the school meeting because Monica
    had been so vehemently opposed to any form of sex-education in public
    schools.

    "Oooh!" Monica Walsh squealed in surprise as her bedroom door suddenly
    flew open. Instinctively, she raised the bath towel to cover her naked
    body, still dripping water from her shower.

    "Paul! For God's sake....."

    "Sorry, Mom," Paul mumbled.

    But Monica's young son didn't seem very sorry or embarrassed about
    barging in on his beautiful naked mother at all. The tall, blonde
    youth took a good long look at her as he closed the door, his eyes
    lingering on his mother's long, tapering legs that, like every inch of
    Monica's mouthwatering body, were a natural, golden tan in color. He
    seemed to shrug before he closed the door, as if he were sorry that
    she'd been able to raise the towel so fast.

    "Damn, him!" Monica said angrily.

    She knotted the towel around her naked, dripping body, thinking about
    what had just happened and grew madder and madder. This was not the
    first time her son had either caught her naked, or done his best to do
    so. Since her divorce, it had happened with greater frequency every
    month, and there was no longer much doubt that he was doing it on
    purpose.

    What kind of son would want to ogle his own mother? Monica sometimes
    thought of her incredibly voluptuous body as a curse. She was in her
    middle thirties now, but her age didn't show at all on her beautiful
    face, and there wasn't, and never had been, an ounce of excess fat on
    her tall, slender figure. She had a perfect model's body in every way,
    except for the size of her tits, and Monica knew it was in the
    combination of her larger-than-average breasts combined with her
    otherwise lean, delicately structured body that made men so horny for
    her.

    Men were constantly whistling and hooting at her, and Monica now knew
    that her ex-husband who had practically stolen her from high school to
    the altar had married her purely for her body. He'd always insisted on
    fucking her at least twice a day, a level of lust that Monica had
    considered alarming, even as her naturally high libido had made her
    enjoy it. But her ex-husband's desire to start swinging with other
    couples was the last straw! And now it looked like her son Paul had
    inherited those repulsive, animal-like lusts from his father. Actually
    bursting in on his own mother like that! Monica felt so suddenly angry
    that she could hardly think straight.

    "Paul!" she shouted, suddenly, impulsively. "Get back in here this
    instant!"

    Monica sat on the edge of the bed, the loosely wrapped towel reaching
    from her huge tits to the tops of her thighs. Paul entered sheepishly,
    wearing only his pajama bottoms. His face was red. He seemed to know
    instinctively what his mother wanted.

    "Get in here, Paul," Monica said harshly. "I want to have a little
    talk with you."

    Paul obediently stood in front of his smouldering mother. Even in the
    face of her obvious anger he couldn't help himself, his eyes already
    fluttering down to study the several deep inches of cleavage exposed
    by the wrapped towel. Monica flushed as she found herself looking at
    his cock. It was obviously quite large and semi-swollen under his
    pajamas. She felt her pussy tingling, and that just made her angrier.

    "Paul, I have simply lost count of all the times you have walked in on
    me in the bathroom or in my bedroom any time you thought you could see
    me naked," Monica whispered furiously. "Now don't try to deny it,
    Paul. I know what you're doing, and I think it's utterly disgusting. I
    don't ever want it to happen again, alright?!"

    "Sorry," Paul muttered sheepishly.

    "I mean, I happen to be your mother," Monica continued. "Don't you
    know how repulsive it is to sneak peeps at your very own mother. Not
    even your father stooped to that! I've got a good mind to... ooh!"

    Monica gasped, staring at his crotch, watching helplessly as his young
    cock swelled rapidly and obscenely in his pajamas. Paul's eyes were
    moving all over her body, and she suddenly realized what a mistake it
    had been to talk to him before getting dressed. Monica's face reddened
    as his big prick jerked up to total stiffness, protruding obscenely
    through the flannel.

    "Why, that's disgusting!" she sputtered. "How on earth can you stand
    there in front of your own mother and get a big hard-on like that? I
    have never..... Jesus, Paul!"

    He had shifted nervously as he stood in front of her, and the movement
    had made his erect cock pop out of the wide fly of his pajamas.
    Monica's blue eyes opened wide as she stared at her son's huge, naked
    cock, jerking and throbbing luridly up and down right in front of her
    face. His father had been well-endowed, but she now saw that her son
    was hung like a horse. It was the biggest, stiffest cock she'd ever
    seen in her life.

    "Paul, put your penis away this instant!"

    But Paul just stood there, too shocked to move, his enormous erection
    pulsing wildly in front of her face. Helplessly Monica stared at her
    son's huge prick. The more she stared the more her pussy tingled until
    she felt a strange unnatural desire pounding deep inside her belly
    that was unlike any she'd ever felt in her life. A veritable flood of
    cunt-juice was oozing into her slit, and she could feel her pouting
    pussy lips getting unbearably hot and swollen and itchy. Monica's mind
    began to cloud over with lust as she stared helplessly at her son's
    magnificent young cock. She watched in a daze as her hand reached out
    towards her son's crotch, trembling lightly, as if it had a will of
    its own.

    Monica shuddered, wrapping her fingers tightly around the swollen
    shaft of her son's cock. Paul looked down at her in amazement.
    Instinctively, Monica suddenly started jacking his stiff prickshaft,
    shocked and horrified by her own actions, even as she began to jerk on
    the boy's prick as fast as she could.

    "Does that feel good, Paul?" she heard herself say. The room seemed to
    be spinning now. All she could think of was the incredible wet need
    pounding in her long-neglected cunt. "Is this what you wanted me to do
    to you?"

    Paul could only gulp and nod his head enthusiastically. He didn't
    know what had suddenly come over his sexy mother, he just hoped she
    didn't stop pulling on his cock before he had a chance to cum.

    "You dirty little bastard!", breathed Monica, but the tone of her
    voice was more in lustful wonder than anger. "You want to fuck your
    own mother, don't you, Paul? You don't care what a sin it is. You just
    want to side this big long thing up Mommy's hot pussy and shoot out a
    big load of cum, don't you?"

    "Oh, God!" Paul gasped, his huge prick pulsing wildly in her fist.
    "Oh... ohhhh, yessss! I want to fuck your cunt, Mom! Please let me!
    Please let me fuck you!"

    "All right, Paul. If you're going to be so blatantly disgusting, about
    it, maybe I should give you what you want!"

    Monica yanked off the towel, making Paul's cock start twitching and
    quivering even more violently as she suddenly exposed her
    gorgeously-tanned nakedness to her son. Trembling uncontrollably with
    incestuous passion, the sex-crazed mother climbed onto the bed in the
    dog-fucking position. Her big tits jiggled as she dropped her
    shoulders low, resting her cheek on her forearms. Then she spread her
    knees wide on the bed and shamelessly wiggled her pert little ass at
    her son, knowing that he could now clearly see the hairy, dripping
    slit of her tight, throbbing cunt.

    "Go ahead, Paul," she panted. "If that's what you want, you might as
    well help yourself. Fuck me, Paul. Fuck me right now. Do it just as
    long and hard as you want."

    Paul ripped down his pajama bottoms, leaving himself completely naked.
    Hurriedly he climbed onto the bed behind his mother's luscious ass
    cheeks, his massive erection pulsing before the gooey slit of her
    cunt. Holding the base of his prick in his fist, Paul pressed the
    bloated head into his mom's juicy, pink cuntslit and pushed.

    Monica grimaced and bit her lip as her son's huge cock slid all the
    way in, the long, thick shaft stretching her little-used fuckhole
    almost painfully as he thrust it roughly up inside her hot, clinging
    cunt. After so long without sex, her son's big prick felt like a
    baseball bat being stuffed up her cunt, but she loved every solid inch
    of it!

    "Unggghhh! Oh, fuck!" gasped Monica, frantically humping her sopping
    wet pussy onto the satisfying stiffness of her son's eager prick. "You
    like that, don't you, Paul! Uuuuunnnnggghhhh! God, you're so big!...
    You like fucking your mother, don't you? I this what you wanted all
    along?"

    "Ooouuhhh! Shit, yeah," Paul sighed. "It sure is, Mom!"

    He slid his hands over her bobbing ass to clutch her hips, holding on
    tightly as he fucked his mom's hot, gooey cunt with every inch of his
    cock. Monica felt like she was being fucked by a horse. Her poor pussy
    was stretching wider and wider, forcibly accommodating the massive
    thickness of her son's enormous cock. Paul kept humping relentlessly
    behind her, jamming his prick to the hilt in the juice-spewing
    tightness of his mother's wonderfully tight little cunt.

    Jesus! I'm fucking my own son, Monica thought dazedly. The obscenity
    of the realization made her pussy start throbbing even harder, and a
    hot blush of shame coursed into her cheeks. She didn't know what she
    was doing now. It could have all been a dream. She thought she was
    going to faint. The naked mother whimpered in ecstasy as she started
    humping and bucking as fast as she could, feverishly pounding her
    sucking cunt-hole onto the root of her own son's cock.

    "Fuck me, Paul!" she gasped, her voice a wail of passion. "You've got
    such a nice big cock, honey! Oh, shit, it's stretching me open!
    Unnggghhh! I'm so horny, Paul! Ahhhh, shit, fuck your mother, baby!
    Fuck Mommy's pussy as hard as you can!"

    Encouraged and aroused by the spluttered litany of obscenities coming
    from his sexy mother's mouth, Paul tightened his grip on her hips and
    started ramming his over-sized cock in and out of her cunt furiously.
    His huge organ reamed out her pussy completely, his cock-knob reaching
    up to her womb with every thrust. Monica's pussy itched and burned,
    convulsively sucking the hammering length of her son's mighty
    fuck-tool. Her clit was swollen and throbbing, stimulated intensely by
    every smashing thrust of his young cock, and in no time at all, Monica
    was cumming already.

    "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she chanted. clawing the sheets and
    whipping up her shapely little ass in an orgy of desire. "Faster,
    Paul, faster! My pussy's so hot! Fuck your mother, Paul! Shoot your
    hot cum up Mommy's cunt!"

    Paul fucked his naked mom as fast as he could, making her asscheeks
    quiver as they collided rhythmically with his upper thighs, making her
    huge tits jiggle sexily as they humped. Already Monica could feel the
    cum mounting in her belly, making her pussy-hole suck and spasm around
    her son's cock. She could feel it in her puckered little asshole too.
    She'd never let her husband give her an ass-fucking, in spite of all
    the times he'd begged for it. Now the obscene longing to completely
    possess her horny young son sexually, made her want to feel his huge
    cock pounding into her hot, itchy anus as well.

    "Paul, play with my asshole!" she moaned suddenly, whipping her cunt
    onto his cock as fast as she could. "Unh, unh, unh! Mommy's so horny,
    oh, fuck, oh, shit! Paul, put your fingers in my ass! Fuck my asshole
    with your fingers as hard as you can, honey!"

    Paul looked down, watching his huge, glistening prick rapidly sliding
    in and out between the furry lips of his mom's sucking, dripping-wet
    cunt. Then he looked up at her asshole, his cock pulsing even more
    stiffly up her pussy as he watched her hairless little shit-hole
    pucker obscenely in and out with every thrust. Paul slid his hand
    from her hip, sliding into the crack of her madly-humping ass. It was
    going to be difficult to get his fingers into her asshole while he was
    fucking her cunt, but then Paul had an I idea.

    Suddenly, Monica gasped as something fatter than fingers pressed onto
    her rubbery asshole. It was Paul's thumbs! He found that he could
    insert both thumbs up his mother's rectal passage as he spread her
    asscheeks with his fingers and still fuck her cunt to the hilt with
    his cock. Paul soon had them both boring deep inside her hot, horny
    shit-tunnel as he eagerly thumb-fucked her asshole, with the same
    rhythm of his huge cock pounding in and out of her cunt.

    "Unnggghhh! Oh, fuck!" Monica cried as her pussy and asshole spasmed
    uncontrollably at the same time. "Fuck your mother, Paul! Fuck my hot
    cunt! Ungggghhh! Oh fuck . . . nnngggg! Cumming, I'm cuuummiinnngggg!"

    Her whole body seemed to erupt as she came, the pleasure pounding
    through her nakedness made her asshole suck his finger and her pussy
    ripple in a seemingly endless series of spasms around his thrusting
    prick. Monica fluttered on the ecstatic edge of consciousness for
    nearly a minute, writhing in the throes of the most powerful cum of
    her life.

    When she recovered, Paul was still ramming his young cock into her
    pussy as fast as he could. Monica's asshole was still burning and
    puckering lewdly in and out. She knew that later she would feel
    intensely ashamed of herself, that she would furiously order Paul
    never to touch her again. But the knowledge of this was like a tiny
    light flickering somewhere in the back of her mind, easily overwhelmed
    by the sheer intensity of her passion. All she really knew now was
    that her asshole was unbearably hot and horny, and that she needed to
    feel her own son's enormous cock ramming savagely into the forbidden
    tightness of her anus.

    "Paul, I... I want you to fuck my asshole now," Monica stammered.
    "Don't cum in my pussy! Please, Paul, my asshole's so horny! Get the
    Vaseline from the nightstand, honey! Hurry, baby. hurry! Oh, fuck, I
    need your cock up my ass so bad!"

    Paul pulled his rock-hard cock out of her pussy, letting his naked mom
    sprawl flat on her belly on the bed. Monica felt the intense, burning
    need in her little asshole as she watched her well-endowed young son
    leaning across the mattress to open the nightstand drawer. Quickly she
    grabbed a pillow, lifting her hips to thrust it under her belly.

    With a low animal groan of need, Monica succumbed completely to the
    depraved incestuous passion numbing her lust-crazed brain and reached
    behind her back to spread her pert little asscheeks with her fingers,
    shamelessly opening her pink, twitching asshole for the invasion of
    her own son's cock.

    "Hurry Paul! Uuuuuhhhhh, I can't wait for you to fuck my ass! Mommy's
    asshole needs your prick, baby!"

    Paul uncapped the jar of Vaseline, smearing the white goo hurriedly
    onto his huge, throbbing cock. Monica shuddered with intense pleasure
    as she felt her son pasting it onto her puckered little asshole,
    darting two fingers into the hot, buttery interior. Seconds later, the
    Vaseline was back on the nightstand and Paul was again mounting her,
    pressing his swollen cock-tip against her well-lubricated little anal
    sphincter.

    "Oh, Paul! That feels so good! Fuck my asshole, Paul! Fuck your
    mother's ass!", squealed Monica, totally out of control now.

    Paul started humping, forcing inch after inch of his rigid cock into
    the slippery interior of his mom's hot shit-chute. Monica's itchy
    ass-ring stretched wider and wider, slowly accommodating the meaty
    thickness of her son's hard cockshaft. She'd expected her first
    asshole reaming to be intensely painful, but there was no pain at all
    now. Instead she felt only intense pleasure, as her horny shitter
    sucked and spasmed around his eager young prick.

    "Deeper!" Monica cried. "Fuck it in deeper, baby! Mommy can take it!"

    She thrust her hand between the pillow and her belly, groaning in
    ecstasy as she sank two fingers up her cunt. Shamelessly, Monica
    started finger-fucking herself, jacking off her hot, drooling pussy as
    her son plowed his magnificent cock deep into her buttery bowels.

    "God! It that's it, Paul! Unh, oh, fuck, your cock feels so fucking
    hot!", groaned the horny Mom. "Fuck my asshole, baby! Ram Mommy's
    horny asshole with that big prick! UuuhhhhHHHHH!"

    Paul fucked deeper and deeper, grunting as his mother's strong anal
    muscles squeezed and milked his prick. He had never felt anything like
    it in his young life! His cock was buried to the balls between his
    mom's pink-flushed asscheeks and she was squealing and humping back at
    him like crazy. It was a tremendous turn-on for the young teenager.

    "Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Monica gasped, the chanted obcenities
    adding greatly to her excitement. She jacked off her pussy in a
    frenzy, humping furiously off the bed. "I'm so horny! Oh, fuck, oh,
    please, fuck Mommy's asshole! Harder, baby, fuck the shit out of
    Mommy's horny ass!"

    Paul gave his horny, naked mom exactly what she asked for. He grabbed
    her by the hips and slammed his virile young prick faster and deeper
    into the clasping, wet slickness of her horny ass-channel. Monica
    humped back deliriously to meet her son's powerful strokes, groaning
    every time she slammed her asshole onto the swollen root of his cock.
    She could actually hear it now, could hear her stuffed, Vaseline-lubed
    asshole sucking and clasping around Paul's eager prick.

    "Yes.. yes, yes! Harder!" she cried, her voice rising to the level of
    a constant scream. "I'm gonna cum again, Paul! Oh, shit, fuck my
    asshole! Fuck my asshole as hard as you can!"

    Paul picked up the pace of his humping, panting onto his mother's
    shoulder as he drilled his long cock in and out of her tight little
    butthole as fast as he could. Monica caught her clit under her finger,
    rolling it wildly. Her asshole started spasming and sucking
    uncontrollably, milking every inch of her son's rapidly-pounding
    prick.

    "I'm cumming!" she shrieked, making the bed springs squeak as she
    whipped her hips in a frenzy off the mattress. "Fuck me, baby! Oh,
    fuck, oh, shit, I'm cumming now! Ahhhh, yes, I'm CUMMMIINNGG!"

    Paul started shooting off in mid-stroke, unable to resist the
    contracting pressure of his mom's spasming asshole around his prick.
    Monica cried out in ecstasy, feeling his hot cum squirting deep up
    inside her quivering bowels.

    Her son had obviously been carrying around an incredibly big load.
    Again and again, his milky sperm fountained into her bowels, soothing
    the ravished walls of her ass with a creamy coating of jism. Paul
    seemed to cum for ages, and soon there was nowhere else for the excess
    to go but out around his pistoning shaft. Monica moaned as she felt
    her son's spunk bubbling back out of her shitter, oozing out of her
    puckered ass-ring around his wildly-stroking prick. There was so much
    cum she couldn't even take it all. Her little asshole was completely
    filled with her own son's cum.

    Paul just kept stroking his meat into her asshole, fucking his mother
    through her orgasm and his own, not stopping until the last droplets
    of jism had burned out of the head of his prick. Then he pulled his
    cock out of her gooey asshole and sprawled happily beside his mom on
    the bed.

    Monica just lay there, her lust gradually subsiding, to be replaced
    immediately by an overwhelming feeling of guilt and shame. Her asshole
    was swollen red now, glistening with Vaseline and their combined
    fuck-juices. Her tiny hole was stretched wide by the repeated,
    pounding thrusts of her own son's prick.

    I can't believe I did it!  Monica thought dizzily, I actually let my
    own son fuck me in the ass!  Never in her life had she dreamed she
    could commit such an unspeakable sin.

    "Mom, that was so great," Paul sighed. "I swear, I've wanted to fuck
    you for so long, I...."

    "Get out, Paul!"

    "What?"

    "I said, get out of this room! Right now, Paul. Right now!"

    Paul stared at his mother for a moment, then obediently slid off the
    bed and left her bedroom. Monica lay still for a long time, promising
    herself that she would never, ever let him touch her again. But deep
    down she knew it was no use, his hard young cock had felt too damn
    good and she'd been without sex for much too long. Before long Monica
    was shamefully, helplessly playing with her pussy, her face red with
    guilt and humiliation as she relived the intense pleasure of fucking
    her own son.

    "Randy, you don't seem to be concentrating very well on your lesson
 today," Kate said gently.

    The petite, curvaceous redhead sat next to Alison's son on the couch,
 in the den where she conducted her tutoring sessions.

    "Do you mind if I ask if something's the matter?"

    Randy just flushed and averted his eyes. He'd fucked his mother for
 the very first time the night before, and he had no way of telling his
 tutor that he couldn't wait to get home to fuck her again!

    "No, it's nothing. I'm okay, Mrs. Sanders," he murmured sheepishly.
 "I'll try to concentrate better. You can go ahead with the lesson now."

    But Kate didn't want to go ahead. She glanced at Randy's crotch,
 feeling her pussy creaming under her short skirt as she saw the enormous
 hard-on throbbing blatantly in his jeans. Whatever was distracting him,
 it obviously had something to do with sex.. something Kate had been
 getting none of lately. Maybe she could interest young Randy in helping
 her out of her frustrating predicament. She'd always been an extremely
 horny woman, so horny that her husband had divorced her simply because he
 couldn't keep up with her constant demands for sex.

    Since then, Kate had been masturbating several times every day. She
 knew she was more than pretty enough to snare virtually any man she
 wanted. Her short red hair and freckles gave her a girlish look, and she
 knew she looked far, far too young to have a son who was as grown-up as
 Marty was. Kate was petite, but her tits were quite big, and men always
 stared at her pert little ass when she wore clinging pants on the street.

    She'd sampled quite a few of the men who'd drooled over her, actually,
 but increasingly she'd found that her sexual tastes ran to younger studs
 like Randy. Kate's pussy ached as she sat beside him now, trying not to
 stare at the obviously large hard-on stretching his pants. If she fucked
 Randy, she told herself, she would at least be tying to quell the
 increasingly strong desires she'd felt for her son, Marty. Kate knew it
 was a horrible sin to desire her own child, but her conscience hadn't
 been able to influence her pussy. More and more, recently, she'd
 masturbated to thoughts of her boy Marty's handsome young body, and to
 the fantasy of her own son fucking her hot, juicy, red-haired cunt.

    "Randy, why don't you tell me about it," Kate said, wiggling closer to
 him on the couch. "I feel very close to you, you know. I'd like to think
 I can help you with other things besides tutoring."

    "Well, it... " Randy hesitated, licking his lips nervously. "You know,
 Mrs. Sanders. It's kinda personal."

    "It has to do with sex, doesn't it, Randy?"

    Randy reddened and squirmed on the couch. Kate stared pointedly at the
 boy's bulging prick.

    "That's quite a big hard-on you have there, Randy," she said easily.
 "I don't think that the study of ancient history is going to make a cock
 get stiff like that."

    She looked into his eyes.

    "Who's the lucky girl, Randy?"

    "It's... it's no one," Randy said awkwardly. "I'm just, you know,
 overly horny, I guess."

    I can see that for myself, Kate thought. She stared at his hard-on,
 watching the boy's formidable cock-bulge pulse obscenely through the
 tightly-stretched denim of his jeans. By then the red-headed mother's
 pussy was so wet that she could feel the crotch of her bikini panties
 sticking to her cunt. Impulsively, Kate dropped her hand to his crotch,
 hungrily squeezing his hard prick.

    "Oh!" Randy's eyes bulged. "Oh, Mrs. Sanders!"

    "It's awfully stiff, Randy," Kate purred.

    She ran her fingers up and down his cockshaft, measuring its length
 and thickness through the boy's jeans.

    "Mmmm, and it feels like a nice big one, too. Why don't you take it
 out and show it to me, Randy? I'll bet I can help you with your problem
 just like I help you with your schoolwork."

    Randy just sat there and looked at her, too surprised to move.
 Giggling at his inexperience, Kate slid off the couch and knelt in front
 of him. Quickly she undid his belt and yanked down his zipper. Randy's
 stiff cock throbbed harder as he helped her by raising his hips. Kate
 yanked his pants down, pulling them off over his smoothly muscled young
 thighs in one smooth motion. She gasped at the sight of his naked cock.

    "Oh, Randy! It's so big and hard!"

    Kate eagerly wrapped her fingers around the boy's erection, sighing as
 she felt his hot cock-flesh pulsing in her fist. She jacked it slow and
 hard, making milky drops of cock-juice ooze out of his flared cock-knob.
 Kate couldn't stand it any longer. Suddenly her head dive-bombed onto his
 crotch, sucking in the first several inches of his gorgeous young prick.

    "Ooooooh, Jeeeeesus!! Mrs. Sanders!"

    Randy looked down at his pretty tutor dazedly, his mouth sagging open
 as he watched her slurp hungrily on his throbbing prick. Kate's right
 hand clung to the base of his cock, lovingly jacking and milking it. She
 forced her face farther down onto his crotch, until over a third of his
 hard-on stretched her lips. Then the horny mother started sucking the
 youth's big cock extremely hard, laving his cock-knob with her tongue,
 lapping up his drooling pre-cum.

    "Unnnghhhh! Oh, fuck!" Randy dropped his hands, curling his fingers in
 her red hair. "That feels so good, Mrs. Sanders!" He started grinding his
 hips off the couch, fucking his cock between her ovaled lips. "Unngghhh!
 Oh shit, suck it harder! I wanna cum in your mouth!"

    Kate loved the taste of spewing jizz, and it would have gratified her
 immensely to suck Randy to orgasm and swallow every drop of the boy's
 squirting cum. But Randy was obviously young and inexperienced, and it
 had always been a special fantasy of hers to tease a young stud until his
 cock was practically ready to explode.

    She wasn't going to swallow his cum this time, as much as she would
 have loved to have a bellyful of jizz. No, she was just going to suck and
 slurp and jack his prick until it was positively aching. Then she'd get
 to see how hard he'd beg to fuck the piss out of her horny cunt.

    Panting through her nostrils, Kate started sucking Randy's throbbing
 cock as hard as she could. Her cheeks reddened with the intensity of her
 cock-sucking, the flush setting off her freckles. She tightened her
 fingers around the root of his prick, jacking his young hard-on so fast
 that her fist was almost a blur on his cockshaft. The slurping, gurgling
 sounds of the blow-job echoed loudly in the large room. Randy moaned and
 writhed, his cock swelling to full, burning stiffness between her sucking
 lips.

    Sensing that he was close to cumming, Kate made herself drag her lips
 off his throbbing prick. She giggled mischievously at Randy's anguished
 expression, then gasped at how wildly his huge cock throbbed and quivered
 over his hard, muscular young stomach.

    "Please keep sucking," Randy moaned. "Please, Mrs. Sanders. I was
 about to cum!"

    "I know you were, honey. But I want you to fuck me and cum in my pussy
 instead. You'd like that better than cumming in my mouth, wouldn't you?"

    Randy could only nod his head, his eyes were between his pretty
 tutor's creamy thighs. The hem of her short shirt had ridden up to her
 crotch, provocatively revealing the moist, panty-encased mound of her
 cunt.

    Kate climbed back onto the couch, twisting sideways so that she was
 facing Randy with her back braced on the padded armrest. She lifted one
 long, slender, lightly freckled leg, kicking off her sandal as she tossed
 it over the back of the couch. The other leg slid down to the floor.
 Staring at her young lover's throbbing cock, Kate pulled her skirt up to
 her belly, letting him see the thick red bush of her tight juicy pussy
 through her panties.

    "See how wet I am, Randy?" Kate purred. "My pussy got so wet that it
 soaked right through my panties." She pouted her lips playfully. "Would
 you be a good boy, Randy, and help me get them off?"

    Randy immediately lunged at her, his fingers shaking as he tried to
 yank off her panties. Kate giggled and squirmed on the couch, teasing him
 by making it as difficult as she could. But finally the panties were on
 the floor and Randy found himself gazing hungrily at the juice-matted
 curls fringing the woman's small, wet, pouty-lipped cunt. Like a young
 bull, he immediately tried to mount her, aiming his pulsing cockhead at
 her gaping fuck-hole. But Kate just grinned and pushed him away before he
 could get his prick-knob into her cunt.

    "Unnh, unh! Not so fast, Tiger!" she purred.

    "Why not?"

    " 'Cause I want you to lick it first." Kate whispered. "I know my
 pussy's already wet, but you've got such an awfully big cock, baby. I
 want you to lick my little cunt and make it nice and happy before you
 introduce it to your prick."

    Randy didn't look as disappointed as she'd thought he'd be, and Kate
 happily realized it was because he was secretly dying to lick her horny,
 musky-smelling pussy. Hurriedly, the boy slid down between her legs,
 sprawling on his stomach on the couch. Kate groaned as she felt the
 pressure of his young lips on her gooey cuntslit. Tentatively, the youth
 thrust out his tongue, pushing it deep up inside her cunt.

    "Oh, God! That feels so good," Kate whimpered, wiggling her ass.
 "Randy, have you ever licked a pussy before?"

    "Not yet," Randy admitted.

    "Be gentle, darling." Kate spread her legs wider, sliding her hand
 down to open her throbbing pussy with her fingers. "As long as you're
 gentle and do what I tell you, I'll let you lick my cunt just as much as
 you want. I'm sure you'll love the taste, darling. It's good for you."

    Tentatively at first, then with growing eagerness, Randy sluiced his
 tongue up and down between the horny woman's swollen pussy-lips. Kate
 gasped, fighting back the urge to hump her ass up in a frenzy off the
 couch. She held her cuntlips open with one hand, and pushed the other
 firmly on the back of young Randy's head, holding his mouth on her cunt.

    "Uuuuhh, yeahhh! Lick it, Randy!" she cried excitedly. "You like that,
 don't you? Does my hot pussy taste good?"

    Randy didn't answer. He was too busy licking and lapping, greedily
 tonguing the tasty, musky-smelling fuck oils from the throbbing depths of
 her cunt. Kate's clit was getting very swollen now, tingling and aching,
 protruding at the top of her glistening-wet pussy-slit.

    "Randy, see the little bump at the top?" she gasped, fighting to
 control her voice. "That . . . ooooh . . . that's my clit, baby. That's
 the most sensitive part of a woman's pussy. Please Randy, I'm so horny
 now. Please suck my clit for me, Randy. Please, I really need to cum!"

    Randy obediently pushed his tongue higher, sliding it experimentally
 around the erect bud of her clit. Kate moaned loudly, digging her
 fingernails into the back of his neck, fighting again to keep herself
 from humping madly off the couch.

    "Oh, Randy, that feels wonderful!" she cried. "Lick it good, baby! Oh,
 shit, suck it for me, honey! Suck my horny little clit!"

    Randy eagerly lapped and licked her swollen clit bud, pushing it from
 side to side with his tongue until Kate's hips were squirming
 uncontrollably on the couch. Then he wrapped his lips around it,
 instinctively knowing just how hard to suck it, puckering his cheeks.
 Kate clawed his neck with both hands down, twisting and wriggling her
 blushing asscheeks helplessly on the couch.

    "Put your fingers in my pussy!" she cried, her voice cracking with
 passion. "Please finger-fuck me, Randy! My cunt's so hot! Oh, please, I
 need to cum real bad!"

    Randy stiffened two fingers and slid them into the wet, clasping
 interior of the red-headed mother's pussy. He felt her cunt-muscles
 contracting tightly around them, as if welcoming them into her body.
 Randy sucked her clit and finger-fucked her pussy fast and hard, pumping
 his knuckles against the puffy, richly-furred outer lips of her clinging
 cunt. She was surprisingly tight, and Randy couldn't wait to replace his
 fingers with his cock and fuck his sexy tutor's brains out!

    "Suck my pussy, you gorgeous hunk!" Kate cried, grimacing and twisting
 her head ecstatically from side to side on the couch. "Oh, fuck, Randy!
 I'm cumming now! Suck me, honey! Suck meeeeee! Ahhhh, fuck. I'm cumming!
 Cummmiinnggg!"

    Randy kept sucking and finger-fucking her throbbing, spasming pussy,
 guiding her through the delicious contractions of her orgasm. Then, when
 her cries of passion finally died down and her hips stopped hunching up
 into his face, Randy rose to his knees between Kate's spread-eagled
 thighs, licking her pussy-juice from his glistening lips.

    Kate stared hungrily at his hard-on. His giant prick looked incredibly
 stiff now, engorged with blood and bloated to a lurid deep-red. Kate's
 pussy throbbed again as she imagined the boy's formidable weapon piercing
 her cunt and his hot young spunk spraying hotly into her belly as he came
 inside her.

    "All right, Randy," she purred, teasingly wiggling her hips at him. "I
 guess you want your reward now, don't you? You want to fuck my hot, wet
 little pussy, right baby?"

    Randy nodded swiftly. Kate giggled and spread her legs even wider,
 lifting her knees until they were over against shoulders, completely
 opening her creamy pussy-hole for the first thrust of the boy's virile
 young cock.

    "Okay, baby. You got me all wet and juicy for your prick. Now you can
 fuck me just as hard as you want!"

    Randy swiftly mounted her, looming over the red-head's lush, sexy
 little body, his huge cock throbbing and jerking directly above her
 gaping pussy-slit. Holding the base of his prick in his fist, he inserted
 the fat, bloated head into her juice-filled opening and pushed hard. Kate
 grimaced and bit her lip as the boy's huge cock started plowing into her
 pussy, spreading her pouting cunt-lips wide around the invading thickness
 of his young prick.

    "Oh, Jesus, Randy! You're so damn big, baby!"

    Kate started humping as soon as he had his cock inside her, eagerly
 pumping her gooey little pussy onto his long, hard teenage fuckshaft.
 Randy let his arms bend, crushing her tits under his chest as he sprawled
 on top of her. Deeper and deeper and deeper, his huge prick pushed, until
 the horny mother thought she could feel it all the way up her belly.
 Randy wiggled his hips, making his hard-on spear to the depths of the
 woman's gaping fuckhole. Finally it was fully stuffed up her clinging,
 throbbing cunt, every inch of his young cock impaled in her hairy, hungry
 cunt-slit.

    "Oooooooh, Randy!" Kate draped her ankles over his shoulders, humping
 her ass off the couch like a bitch in heat. "I love it, baby! Your big
 cock is making me so horny! Unh, unh, unh! Fuck my cunt, lover, fuck my
 hot cunt! Do it hard, Randy! Do it just as hard as you can!"

    Randy feverishly started humping and grinding, panting on her shoulder
 as he stroked his long, hard prick in and out of her juicy cunt. Kate's
 pussy was so wet that she could hear the frothy fuck-hole squishing
 audibly around his fuckshaft, sucking hungrily on the pumping length of
 his prick. Randy clenched his ass muscles as the woman's tight, clinging
 fuckhole milked the pulsing hardness of his young cock. He slid his hands
 down, clawing the sides of her humping ass-globes. He started fucking
 into her burning pussy faster and deeper, ramming her ass onto the couch
 with every pelvis-jarring stroke of his big, throbbing prick.

    "Fuck my cunt, Randy! Unggghh! Harder, lover, harder, fuck my horny
 little cunt!"

    Kate's pretty face was now very red, and her lips were pulled back to
 bare her teeth. She humped her ass as fast as she could, groaning
 obscenely every time she hunched her impaled pussy to the very root of
 the boy's cock.

    "Is my pussy tight enough for you, baby?" she panted, humping faster
 and faster. "Is it, Randy? Am I as tight as your little teenage
 girlfriends?"

    "Ooooh, yeahhh!" Randy moaned. "I'm gonna cum!"

    "Then fuck me faster, lover!" Kate cried, her voice rising into a
 wail. "I want to cum, too, Randy! Unnnggghhhh, please, fuck me hard!
 Faster, Randy, faster, fuck my little pussy just as hard as you can!"

    The sweat beaded on the horny youth's forehead. He gripped her ass
 tightly, ramming his cum-laden cock into her gooey pussy as fast as he
 could. Kate humped to meet his strokes, again hearing her drippy
 fuck-slit sucking wetly around his cockshaft. Then she felt the spasming
 start deep inside her cunt, and she knew she was on the verge of another
 hard cum.

    "Fuck it! Fuck, my pussy.....uuuuhhnnhh...ram that cock in there...
 fuck my horny pussy! " she gasped, blubbering out the words. "God! Jesus,
 I'm cumming, Randy! Ahhh, shit, cumming, cummiiinnngggg!"

    Randy kept ramming his huge cock into her, shuddering as the jism
 bloated up his balls. Then his mammoth prick started spewing out his
 fuck-juice in mid-stroke, spraying a fountaining load of cum deep inside
 the horny woman's cunt. Kate shrieked as she felt the sticky sperm
 blasting into her pussy, the gushing torrent reaching the innermost
 depths of her womb. Again and again, his young, throbbing prick jetted
 cum, soothing her burning pussy walls with a hot tide of teenage spunk.

    "Keep fucking me, Randy!" Kate cried. Her hips gyrated madly beneath
 him as she humped her ass in a frenzy, pounding her juicy, sucking cunt
 again and again on his cum-squirting cock. "Shoot it all out, baby! Cum
 in me!.... Oh, sweet Jesus! Yessss! Cum in my cunt!!!!"

    Randy kept fucking her as fast as he could, moaning into Kate's
 shoulder as his twitching prick squirted out the last sticky drops of
 cock-juice. Then he collapsed on top of her, his cock still throbbing
 hard as he buried it up her cunt one final time. Kate made a gentle
 cooing sound, and gently stroked his hair. Her tight, horny pussy
 continued to reflexively spasm and suck on his buried length, lovingly
 milking the aching stiffness of the boy's spent prick.

    He was such a lusty young lover, thought Kate dreamily. Yet deep down
 inside she still wanted her son. She thought lewdly of her handsome,
 red-headed son, imagining it was him lying on top of her now, ramming
 his big cock into his own mother's cunt. Kate sighed softly, realizing
 how difficult it would be now to keep herself from succumbing to the
 wanton joys of incest with her son. Not even Randy could satisfy her
 constantly-horny pussy like she was sure her own flesh and blood would.
 `Ohhhhhhh, Marty!', she thought, as she ground her insatiable cunt up
 against Randy's rapidly deflating young cock.

    "I swear, Mom," Randy sighed. "I never thought it would ever be this
 much fun to stay home nights with you!

    Alison didn't answer. She was on her knees in front of the couch in
 their living-room, completely naked, her eyes closed and her cheeks
 flushed as she sucked lovingly on her son's erect cock. Randy was naked
 too, staring blankly at the latest episode of 'Dynasty' on the TV screen
 as his rock-hard prick slid rhythmically in and out between his mother's
 lips.

    It was the third blow-job Alison had given her son since he'd returned
 home that afternoon and braggingly told her how he'd fucked Kate Sanders.
 It didn't make Alison at all jealous to think that her son had sampled
 another woman's cunt, if anything, she was happy for him. She'd tasted
 Kate's pussy-juice on his prick as soon as she started sucking Randy off,
 and the thought that the cock she was sucking had recently been pounding
 into her friend's pussy just made Alison feel even hornier. She started
 bobbing her head as she knelt before her son, hungrily fucking her face
 with his large throbbing erection.

    "Oh, Mom!" Randy dropped his hands, pawing lewdly at her jiggling,
 stiff-nippled tits, excitedly humping his ass as his cock throbbed lewdly
 between her lips. "Suck harder, Mom! I'm gonna cum again!"

    Alison's flush deepened as she started sucking her son's cock as hard
 as she could. Her cheeks puckered sharply, increasing the suctioning
 pressure around his swollen shaft. Hot droplets of pre-cum were oozing
 out of the tip of his prick, and Alison made obscene slurping sounds as
 she lovingly lapped his cock-knob with her tongue.

    "Jerk on it, Mom!" Randy gasped excitedly. "Jerk on my cock!"

    Alison tightened her fingers around the base of her son's cock, still
 sucking the leaking tip feverishly. Urgently she started jacking and
 stroking his huge, aching hard-on as fast as she could. Her fist moved in
 a blur, milking down his cock, encouraging the stored-up cum load to
 fountain out of his young balls.

    "Ooooooooh, Mom!"

    Randy raised his hands to her head, clutching it tightly as he came.
 His throbbing prick jerked and bucked as it sprayed out his jizz,
 squirting great gobs of salty-tasting cock-juice between his loving
 mother's lips. Alison swallowed eagerly, the sounds of her cock-sucking
 becoming even louder as she noisily gulped down his spurting cum. Her
 jacking fist slowed, milking her son's twitching cock much harder as she
 pumped out every drop. When she finally lifted her mouth from his
 dripping prick, little traces of spunk gleamed at the corners of her
 mouth. And Randy's big cock was still as hard as iron, stiff and eager to
 fuck his mother's cunt.

    "You can just keep it up forever, can't you, honey?" Alison purred,
 wantonly fondling his prick. "Would you like to fuck me, baby? You know
 how wet my pussy gets when I suck you off."

    Randy just grinned, his hard young cock throbbing more stiffly than
 ever at the thought of fucking his mother's tight, wet pussy again.
 Alison turned her lusciously full, rounded asscheeks toward him, assuming
 the dog-fucking position on the carpet. Her big tits jiggled pendulously
 as she leaned onto her elbows, wiggling her asscheeks invitingly at her
 son.

    "Fuck me, sweetheart!" Alison panted, looking at him over her
 shoulder. "Fuck momma's cunt! See how hot and wet my pussy is? It's
 'cause it needs your cock, baby!"

    Randy slid down to the floor behind his mother, holding his prick in
 his hand, preparing to plow it into her pussy. Suddenly he shook his head
 with a regretful sigh.

    "Shit, Paul's staying over tomorrow night."

    "What?"

    "You know.... My friend, Paul Walsh. Monica's kid. We were gonna help
 this friend of ours buy a car early in the morning, and I told Paul he
 could stay overnight so we could go over together. Shit! That means I
 probably won't get to fuck you tomorrow night at all!"

    "Oh, we'll manage somehow," Alison giggled. "But please, Randy, you're
 teasing me. Fuck me now, honey! Please, darling, Mommy's pussy needs it
 bad!"

    Randy pushed forward until the flared tip of his saliva-coated cock
 nudged into her tight-lipped cunt. Alison immediately started wiggling
 her ass and hunching her hips back at her son, her huge tits jiggling
 over the carpet as she backed her pussy onto her son's prick. Randy
 grabbed his mother by the waist and pushed forward gasping with pleasure
 as inch after inch of his long, hard cock disappeared into the tight
 hair-lined slit of his mother's cunt.

    "Unnggghhh! Oh, Randy! It feels so big!!" Alison's big tits slapped
 fleshily together as she humped her ass fast and hard, pumping her pussy
 onto her son's big prick. "God, I'm so hot, Randy! Unh, unh, unh!
 Yeahhhhh! Fuck your mother, darling, fuck Momma's hot, horny cunt!"

    Randy stared down in fascination, watching the swollen purple-veined
 shaft of his cock disappear into the hairy wetness of his mother's pussy.
 He shoved it all the way in, then pulled back, watching as his cock came
 out gleaming with her copious pussy-juice. His fingers tightened on her
 hips as Randy started fucking his mother's pussy fast and hard, still
 staring down, excitedly watching his hard prick pounding in and out of
 her clinging cunthole.

    "Faster, Randy! Fuck your mother!"

    Alison clawed at the carpet, her beautiful face contorting in obscene
 incestuous pleasure as her son's hard young prick pummeled her cunt,
 fucking her deeply.

    "Fuck your mother, fuck your horny mother! Oh, Randy, I'm getting so
 close now, baby! Please, darling, fuck me hard!!! Unnhhh! Unnnhh!
 Yeahhhhhhhhhhhh!"

    In response to his mother's shameless request, Randy picked up the
 pace a bit, slamming his prick into the gushing depths of his mother's
 pussy with renewed vigour. He was still gazing down at her, and now he
 found himself staring at her asshole. Her full, heart-shaped asscheeks
 were spread wide enough for him to see her puckered little anal opening,
 and the rosy sphincter was throbbing obscenely in and out, puckering out
 every time he stuffed her cunt full of prick.

    "Does this feel good, Mom?" Randy panted.

    He dropped his hand to the cleft between his mother's asscheeks and
 tentatively pressed a finger onto her asshole. Alison groaned with
 intense pleasure and immediately started humping much faster, wildly
 pistoning her dripping, pulsating pussy on the satisfying stiffness of
 her young son's cock.

    Yes, Randy!" she cried. "Unnggghhh! Oh, yes, play with Mommy's
 asshole! Fuck it with your fingers, darling!"

    Randy did as his mother asked, sliding his finger deep inside the hot,
 rubbery tightness of his mother's rear passage. Alison shuddered with
 intense fuck-lust as her rectal muscles spasmed tightly around the
 invading digit. She bit her lip and humped back at her son as fast as she
 could, feeling her pussy and asshole pulsating with pleasure at the same
 time.

    "Fuck my asshole!" she pleaded. "Yes, Yes, Mommy loves it, finger-fuck
 my asshole while you fuck my cunt! Put two fingers in. Randy! Oh, fuck,
 oh, please, ohhhhh God I love your finger up my ass!"

    Randy pushed in a second finger, ramming them quickly in and out of
 his mom's tightly-stretched asshole. Alison felt her pussy contracting,
 sucking uncontrollably around the pistoning hardness of her son's
 wonderfully long cock.

    "Fuck your mother, fuck your mother!" she chanted, as the wet need
 exploded deep inside her buttery cunt. "Uhhhhhhhh, yes, I'm gonna cum!
 Fuck Mommy's pussy, Randy! I'm cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

    Alison's hot asshole sucked at his fingers as her pussy exploded in
 orgasm, her hairy fuck-slit drooling cunt-juice all over Randy's
 pistoning cock. Randy fucked his horny mom as fast as he could, guiding
 her through the peaks of her climax. When Alison recovered her senses a
 minute later, her virile young son still hadn't shot his wad. He was
 still finger-fucking her asshole as he continued drilling his cock deeply
 into her sopping pussy-slit.

    "Ohhh, Randy, fuck my asshole now!" Alison moaned.

    She pulled suddenly away from him, sprawling flat on her belly on the
 floor. Reaching behind her back, the horny mother separated her asscheeks
 with her fingers, exposing her puckered shit-hole to her son.

    "But I'll hurt you, Mom!" Randy whispered.

    "No you won't!" Alison squealed. "I'm too horny for it to hurt! Just
 shove it in and fuck Mommy's asshole, baby!"

    Randy mounted his naked mom, aiming his swollen cockhead at the
 rubbery ring of her asshole. Alison gritted her teeth as she felt the
 incredible thickness of her son's prick plowing into her bowels. It was
 the first time she'd ever tried ass-fucking without Vaseline, and she
 knew there was going to be some pain as her well-hung son stuffed his
 huge prick into her shitter. But Randy was humping on top of her now,
 humping steadily, and the little stabs of pain from her stretched asshole
 were overwhelmed by the intense pleasure emanating from the depths of her
 loins.

    "Unnggghhh! Fuck my asshole, Randy!" she pleaded, humping faster and
 faster.

    Alison thrust her hand under her belly, whimpering as she thrust her
 fingers through her pussy curls and started finger-fucking her gaping
 cunt.

    "Oh, honey, your cock feels so good up my asshole! Drill me with it,
 Randy! Unggghh! Fuck Mommy's asshole, lover, fuck my ass with your big,
 hard prick!"

    Randy lunged and pumped madly on top of her shivering asscheeks,
 groaning as he sank his young cock deeper and deeper into the hot,
 rubbery slickness of his mother's tight asshole. Alison felt her
 stretched ass-ring puckering and throbbing, sucking the probing length of
 her son's huge prick.

    Finally Randy was all the way inside her, buried to the balls in the
 forbidden tightness of his mother's ass. He moaned with intense pleasure
 as he started fucking his mom's tender asshole fast and hard, drilling
 her bowels deeper with every furious stroke of his cock.

    "Fuck it, honey! Uuuuuuuhhhh! Fuck Mommy's asshole!" Alison cried, her
 voice trembling with lust. She finger-fucked her dripping pussy as fast
 as she could, ramming her burning, itchy little shitter again and again
 onto her son's cock. "Harder, Randy, harder! Really fuck my ass hard,
 baby, I'm gonna cum again! Oh, fuck! Ohhhhhhh, God!!!"

    Spurred on by her panted obscenities, Randy started reaming his mom's
 tightly-sucking shithole as hard as he could. His huge prick slammed into
 her ass, seeming to stuff her bowels deeper with every stroke. Alison
 caught her clit under her fingers. Rubbing it wildly. Her whole body
 trembled as she started to cum.

    "Faster, Randy!" she gasped. "Fuck your mother! Fuck my hot asshole!
 Oh, fuck, oh, shit, I'm cumming again! Mommy's cuuummmmmiiinnnggg!"
 Alison's cunt and asshole erupted in a delicious series of orgasmic
 spasms, her puckered little ass-ring clenching and pulsing around her
 son's pounding prick.

    Randy moaned as he fucked his climaxing mother, the tightness of her
 asshole clenching around his prick finally pushing him over the edge too.
 With a cry, he stiffened and pulled her quivering ass hard up against his
 cock, burying himself deep up inside his mother's belly as the pent-up
 load of cum jetted powerfully from the tip of his jerking cock. The
 thick, milky jizz spurted repeatedly into Alison's shitter, splattering
 on her rubbery ass-walls and soothing her itchy asshole with a gushing
 torrent of hot, creamy sperm.

    "Oh, Randy!" Alison mewled. Lewdly she flexed her rectal muscles,
 making her asshole suck the squirting hardness of her son's huge prick.
 "Cum in Mommy, honey. Cum in Mommy's asshole. Oh, darling, Mommy loves
 your cock so much... "

    Her words trailed off as Randy finally slid his wilting cock out of
 her asshole, sprawling beside her on the floor. Alison rolled onto her
 back, her flushed tits jiggling sexily with the movement, her rosy-red
 nipples as stiff as little pebbles. Her son rolled onto his side next to
 her and immediately began to knead and suck his mother's heaving tits.

    "Paul doesn't have to stay over tomorrow night," he said, between
 tit-suckings. "I can tell him I can't make it. It'd be okay... Then we
 could fuck like this all night."

    "No, darling," Alison murmured, lovingly stroking his hair as her
 handsome young son suckled on her creamy breasts. She smiled as a lewd
 thought made her pussy tingle. "Paul can come over. As a matter of fact,
 I think I'd like to get to know your friend a little better."

    "Oh, Marty," Kate whispered. "Fuck me, honey! You know Mommy loves it,
 darling! Uuuunnnnghh, that's right, lover, fuck that big fat cock right
 up your mother's cunt... "

    But Marty wasn't with her in the bedroom. Kate was alone. It was
 still only a fantasy. Sprawled naked on her bed, the redheaded mom's
 thighs trembled as she finger-fucked her gooey pussy as fast as she
 could. Her encounter with young Randy Ross had happened only a few hours
 ago, and it had made her cunt unbearably wet and horny. The more she
 remembered how wonderfully Randy had fucked her, the more she thought of
 Marty. Her lust for her own son had become unbearably strong.

    He was in the living room now, Kate knew, reading a magazine.
 Suddenly the horny mother withdrew her fingers from her dripping pussy,
 sliding off the bed and rushing to her clothes closet. She donned a pale
 pink t-shirt that clung enticingly to her big, round, braless tits. Then
 she selected a paisley mini-skirt, the shortest one in her wardrobe.

    I won't really be trying to fuck my own son, Kate thought, as she put
 on the skirt and admired her reflection in the mirror. No, I'll just be
 giving him a little opportunity. Kate giggled softly as she left the
 bedroom, her pussy throbbing so wetly that she could hear the fuck-juices
 squishing in her cunt as she padded barefoot down the hall.

    "Hi, Mom," Marty said, glancing up as she entered the living room.

    He was sitting in his favorite easy chair, reading the latest issue
 of a car magazine. He was a tall, muscular boy, with his mother's red
 hair and a naturally-engaging grin. Kate forced herself not to stare at
 the appetizing young cock bulge in his tight jeans.

    "You don't mind if I sit and read with you, do you, darling?" Kate
 said. She was careful to sit on the couch directly opposite him.
 "Honestly, I've been so busy today. I haven't even had a chance to read
 the paper."

    "Go ahead. I'm done with it." Marty grinned. "I just read the sports
 page anyhow."

    Kate picked up the paper and pretended to immediately immerse herself
 in the front page. Then she slid her hips to the edge of the cushion and
 slowly, carefully spreading her thighs. She felt her skirt ride up. If
 Marty looked at her, he would have a clear view of the curly red-haired
 lips of his mother's tight, juicy cunt. Seconds later, Kate heard her
 son's sharp intake of breath. He was looking, all right. She made herself
 wait nearly a minute, frowning studiously at the front page. Then she
 suddenly dropped the paper and regarded her son. As she suspected, his
 eyes were between her legs, staring hungrily at her naked pussy.

    "Marty" she said sweetly. "Why are you staring at me like that?"

    Marty moved his lips, but the words wouldn't come out. His face was
 very red now, and his eyes darted from his mother's face to her
 completely-exposed pussy. Kate's cunt throbbed as she noticed an enormous
 hard-on bulging through the crotch of her son's tight jeans.

    "You're... you're kind of hanging out, there, Mom," he mumbled.

    "Oh my God!" Kate opened her eyes wide in a pretended look of
 surprise as she glanced down at herself. But she made no movement to
 close her legs. "I guess I forgot to wear panties, didn't I? How awful.
 Mommy's sitting in front of you just like some hot little slut, isn't
 she?"

    Marty chuckled nervously. They were silent for five long seconds.
 Kate didn't change her position. She smiled at the formidable-looking
 erection stretching her son's jeans.

    "Why, Marty," she purred. "I don't think that's a banana in your
 pants, is it? Looking at me has given you a big hard-on."

    Marty groaned in embarrassment, flicking his eyes down to the
 betraying bulge in his crotch. It looked like it was threatening to burst
 through the denim. Kate wiggled her ass hornily on the couch and lifted
 her skirt even higher. Marty gasped as he watched his mom drop her hand
 between her legs. Kate giggled lewdly as she ran her middle finger
 sensually through the red curls of her pubic mound and then into her
 glistening, pink cuntslit. It excited her immensely to play with her
 pussy in front of her own son.

    "Why Marty, I do believe you like looking at Mommy's pussy, don't
 you? That's why you've got that big hard-on in your jeans. Does your cock
 always get stiff when you think about Mommy's cunt?"

    "Oh, Mom!" Marty gasped. That seemed to be all he could say. His
 stiff young erection twitched noticeably now, so that Kate could see
 every pulsation of her son's hard prick.

    "Marty, I think you're going to squirt a load of cum in your pants if
 you're not careful," Kate whispered. "Honestly, your big cock is
 throbbing so hard. Why don't you come over here and take a better look at
 Mommy's pussy, darling, if it turns you on so much."

    Marty immediately rose from the chair, his bulging erection ready to
 burst through his jeans. He was so eager to take a closer look at his
 gorgeous mom's naked cunt that he almost tripped over the coffee table
 Kate giggled at her son's immature haste, and smiled at him lovingly as
 the boy and knelt eagerly on the floor in front of the couch. Her pussy
 creamed heavily as she realized that she was almost certain now to
 experience the intense pleasure of sex with her own son.

    "Go ahead, Marty," she said seductively.

    The horny mom raised her hips to strip off the skirt completely,
 leaving herself naked except for her t-shirt. She wiggled her pert little
 ass even closer to the edge of the couch and spread her legs even wider.

    "You like looking at my pussy, don't you? Why don't you touch it,
 honey? Don't be shy. Mommy wants you to. Go ahead, Marty. Touch my
 pussy."

    Marty slid a trembling hand up his mother's slender shapely thigh.
 Both of them shuddered as he caressed her pussy with his fingers. He
 seemed amazed at how gooey, swollen and obviously aroused his mother's
 cunt was. Kate grimaced with intense pleasure as the youth straightened
 his forefinger, pressing it into the clasping interior of her over-heated
 cunt.

    "Ohhhh, Marty, that feels sooooo good!" she groaned, wiggling her ass
 excitedly. "Why don't you move it in and out a little?"

    Marty eagerly complied, pumping his finger in and out of his mother's
 pussy, feeling her cunt-muscles sucking juicily around the invading
 digit. Kate gasped and started humping her ass feverishly off the couch.

    "Marty, would you do Mommy a favor now?" she moaned. "I'm awfully
 horny now, baby. Please, Marty, would you lick my pussy for me? Please
 lick it for me, Marty. Mommy's horny little pussy needs to cum!"

    Ooooh, Mom! Yeahhhh! Fuck, yeahhhh!", groaned Marty. He couldn't
 believe this was really happening to him. His own sexy mother acting like
 a horny slut, showing him her juicy pussy and now asking him to actually
 suck her off. Jesus, it was like a wet-dream come true! With a moan of
 pleasure, Marty eagerly dropped his head between his mother's creamy
 thighs and buried his young face in his mother's red-haired pubes.

    Kate's whole body started shaking as her excited son began licking
 and lapping avidly, nibbling her hairy cuntlips and even digging his
 tongue deep inside her buttery cunt-slit. The horny mom dropped her hands
 to his head, pulling her son's hair, forcing his wonderful mouth onto
 her cunt as she lazily humped her ass up off the couch.

    "Unnngghhhhh, Marty! Yesssss!" moaned Kate ecstatically. "Lick
 Mommy's cunt, honey! Oh, that feels so good , darling. Uhhhhhh, Mommy
 loves you sucking my pussy! Make me cum, Marty! Make mommy cum, with your
 mouth!"

    Marty hungrily licked and sucked, sluicing his tongue up and down
 between the juicy folds of his mom's musky- smelling pussy. He made
 little kissing, slurping sounds as he tongued up her fuck-juice, loving
 the taste of his mother's hot, dripping cunt. Kate thrust her right hand
 under his forehead, opening her pussy-slit wide with her fingertips.

    "Marty, ohhhh fuck, please lick my clit!" she gasped, unable to stand
 the irresistable sensations of her throbbing pleasure-bud. "Please, baby,
 it's so hot and swollen. My little clit's throbbing, Marty. Please suck
 it for Mommy. Oh, fuck, oh, please, I need to cum so much!"

    Marty moved his lapping tongue higher up his mother's pussy-slit,
 thrusting it experimentally onto her erect clit. Kate bucked as if she'd
 been shot, her pretty face contorting with pleasure as she dug the
 fingernails of her left hand into the back of his neck.

    "Oh, fuck, lick it!" she hissed. "Lick my fuckin' clit! Oh, yes, oh,
 fuck! Ohhhhhhh, fuuuuuuck!"

    Marty licked his mother's clit, laving it, covering it with saliva,
 flicking it teasingly with his probing tongue. Kate's cunt began to
 twitch and spasm, and she knew she was on the verge of a very hard cum.
 She forced her trembling ass to remain still on the couch, so that her
 son could keep his tongue on her clit. She held her pussy-lips wide open
 with her right hand while the fingernails of her left hand dug into
 Marty's neck hard enough to leave red welts on the skin as she forced his
 open sucking mouth into her quivering cunt.

    "Suck it!" she gasped, her voice quavering with lust. "Ooooooh,
 yessssss, suck my clit! Lick my my cunt, Marty! Unnngggghhhhh! I'm gonna
 cum so hard! I'm gonna cum any second!"

    Marty wrapped his lips around his mother's burning, tingling clit,
 sucking gently but forcefully, tugging on it with his mouth as his tongue
 massaged the underside. He pushed two fingers up her pussy and started
 finger-fucking her cunt forcefully, pumping his knuckles against the
 puffy, hairy outer lips of her pussy. Kate clawed his neck, arched her
 back and screamed.

    "I'm cumming! Uuuuuunhhhh! Unngggghhh! Suck me hard, Marty! Oh, fuck,
 oh, shit, I'm cumming now! Suck me, suck Mommy's hot pussy! GOD! I'M
 CUUUMMMMIIINNNGGG!"

    She came hard for a long time, even harder than she'd cum with Randy.
 The very thought that it was her own handsome young son sucking her pussy
 to orgasm intensified her pleasure enormously. Marty's fingers were
 dripping with oozing cunt-juice as he kept fucking them into her
 spasming, throbbing pussy, at the same time sucking hungrily on her
 engorged clit.

    "Ohhhhhhh, Marty!" Kate shuddered, finally pushing his head away from
 her pussy. "God, baby, you made Mommy feel so good!"

    Marty sat up on his knees, blushing as he licked his mother's
 fuck-juice from his mouth. Kate moaned as she looked down at his crotch.
 His young cock pulsed and jerked in his jeans so violently that the horny
 mother was afraid he might shoot off before she had a chance to even
 touch his gorgeous prick. Her mouth watered as she imagined herself
 bobbing her face on his crotch, shamelessly fucking her face with her own
 son's stiff prick.

    "Oh, Marty, you've really got a hard-on now, haven't you, darling?"
 Kate purred. Teasingly she dropped her bare foot to his crotch, rubbing
 his bulging prick with her toes. "It's really throbbing hard now, isn't
 it, baby? Would you like Mommy to give you some relief?"

    Marty gulped and nodded swiftly. Kate smiled and slid off the couch,
 kneeling on the floor. She patted the cushion in front of her.

    "Take off your pants, sweetheart. Mommy's going to give you a
 cock-sucking you're going to remember for a long, long time."

    Marty rose to his feet, kicking off his runners and reaching for his
 belt buckle. He undid it, pulling down his zipper, blushing as he
 struggled out of his jeans. He wore no underwear, and Kate gasped in
 amazement at the size of his cock as it suddenly sprang out of
 confinement. Her son's rock-hard, rosy-knobbed prick was even bigger than
 his father's had been, a good nine or ten inches long and as thick around
 as a cucumber. Her own son had one of the biggest cocks she'd ever seen
 in her life.

    "Oh, Marty!" she breathed. "It's wonderful! Hurry, honey, sit in front
 of me. Please, baby, Mommy wants to suck your big cock so much!"

    Marty sat on the couch, sprawling back, pushing his hips to the edge
 of the cushion just as his mother had done earlier. Kate's fingers
 trembled with incestuous passion as she wrapped her right hand around the
 fat shaft of Marty's prick. She jacked his magnificent young erection
 slow and hard, groaning as she watched his piss-hole open up to emit
 sticky white drops of pre-cum. Her pumping fist quickened. More spunk
 oozed out, coating his flared, puffy cock-knob with a shiny coating of
 jizz.

    "It's is leaking, baby," Kate purred. "You like the way Mommy plays
 with your cock, don't you?"

    "Yes," Marty moaned. "Oh, Mom... "

    "Want Mommy to suck this big fucker for you, baby?" By then Kate was
 jerking his cock so hard that her fist was almost a blur. "I will, if you
 want me to. I love giving blow-jobs, honey. Will you let Mommy suck your
 cock for you?"

    "Yes, oh, yes!" Marty gasped.

    "All right, baby... ummmmmm..." Her words drifted into a horny whimper
 as Kate dropped her head and pursing her lips on the cum-leaking tip of
 his prick in a lewd, sucking kiss.

    Marty gasped with pleasure, his cock pulsating wildly in his mother's
 hand. Kate gradually let her lips part wider and wider, making wanton
 little slurping sounds as she sucked in the swollen inches of her son's
 big prick.

    "Ohhh, Mom!" Marty looked down at her in awe and lust, seeing how wide
 his mom's mouth was stuffed with the thickness of his young cock. "That
 feels good! Suck it for me, Mom! Suck my prick!"

    Kate paused with over a third of his cock in her mouth, when she was
 on the verge of choking herself with his fuckmeat. She shut her eyes,
 concentrating on the taste and feel of her son's prick. Her nostrils
 flared. Then she started sucking his tasty, cum-oozing cock extremely
 hard, slurping and gurgling noisily, puckering her cheeks to increase the
 suctioning pressure around the moaning boy's cock.

    "Jesus, Mom!" Marty yelped. He clutched her head, curling his fingers
 in her red hair. "Suck it! Suck my fuckin' cock, Mom!" His hips jerked
 excitedly off the couch, fucking his cock between his mother's full, red
 lips. "Oh, Shit! That feels so good! Suck me hard, Mom! Make me cum!"

    With wanton delight, Kate sucked shamelessly on the pulsing stiffness
 of her son's cockshaft, laving the fat knob lovingly with her swirling
 tongue. The adolescent pre-cum oozed heavily out of his cock-hole now,
 and Kate made loud slurping, smacking sounds as she lapped it up. Her
 right hand tightened around the root of his cock, again commencing a
 pumping hand-job. Soon the horny, naked mom was jacking furiously her
 son's prick, sucking as much as she could of the formidable erection into
 her mouth.

    "Harder, harder!" Marty gasped, his boyish face contorted in ecstasy.
 "Oh, fuck, Mom, I'm gonna cum soon! Oh, shit, it feels so fucking good!"

    Kate sucked his prick as hard as she could, her whole face flushing
 brightly, as she abandoned herself to the obscene pleasure of the
 incestuous cock-sucking. Her right fist was a blur of motion as it jerked
 up and down over the lower half of her son's stiff shaft. She fondled his
 balls with her left. Cum, Marty, cum! she thought, sucking and slurping
 harder and louder. Cum for your mother, baby! Shoot a big, juicy load
 down my throat!

    "UUUUUNNNNGHHHHHH, MOM! FUUUUCCK!", grunted Marty in the throes of
 orgasm.

    He held her head tightly as he jerked his hips off the couch, jamming
 his swollen cockhead down his mother's tight gullet. Kate started to gag
 on the pulsing thickness of his throbbing prick. Then the long-awaited
 shower of sperm spewed out of the tip of Marty's cock.

    It squirted and gushed into his mother's mouth, spattering across her
 tongue, bathing her tonsils in a fountaining stream of hot, milky cum.
 Kate made a wet gurgling sound of pleasure and she started swallowing as
 fast as she could, urgently gulping down the jetting mouthfuls of jizz.
 Again and again, Marty's thick, adolescent seed squirted out of his
 cock-tip, causing his dick to twitch and jerk obscenely in his mother's
 mouth as she greedily gulped down his creamy load.

    "Uuuuuh, baby!" purred Kate at last, when she finally slid her hungry
 mouth off his cock. "You really gave Mommy a meal there, didn't you? I
 never even knew a man could hold so much cum in his balls!"

    Marty just panted and sprawled on the couch, trembling from the
 intensely pleasurable experience he'd just enjoyed with his own mother.
 Kate's cunt started burning again as she stared hypnotically at his
 prick. It was staying nice and stiff, she thought dazedly. More than
 stiff enough to fuck her horny cunt.

    "Marty, I don't think I've really relieved you yet," she sighed,
 wantonly stroking his virile young cock. "You're still awfully stiff,
 honey! Do you want to fuck Mommy's pussy now?  I bet you do! Then you'll
 feel relieved, won't you? When you shoot another big load of jizz up
 Mommy's cunt."

    Marty just nodded, his cock pulsing just as stiffly than ever at the
 thought of fucking his mother's hot, juicy pussy. He remembered how her
 tight little fuckhole had sucked at his finger like a tiny mouth, and the
 thought of those tight, slippery cunt-muscles clutched around his prick
 soon had the boy so eager to fuck his sexy mom, his balls began to ache.
 Kate motioned for him to stay put as she rose to her feet. Swiftly she
 pulled off her t-shirt. exposing her big, round, stiff-nippled tits.

    "Just sit right there, lover. Mommy's going to sit on your big,
 fucking cock and help you cum."

    Kate hurriedly mounted her son, her tits jiggling as she planted her
 knees on the cushions to either side of his hips. With a lewd grin, she
 reached between her slender thighs and eagerly took hold of Marty's cock.
 Then she wiggled her ass downward, groaning as she felt cum-smeared head
 of her son's cock push between the wet, swollen lips of her cunt.

    "Ohhhhh, Marty, it's so big and fat!" she gasped. She made sure his
 huge cockhead was securely embedded in her juicy pussy, then put her
 hands, on her son's shoulders and looked lustfully into his deep-blue
 eyes. "Now... Fuck me, Marty! Fuck mommy's hot cunt good, lover!"

    Feverishly Kate humped and wiggled her ass, sliding her clinging,
 sucking pussy down onto the upthrust length of her son's huge prick.
 Marty looked down, dazedly watching his thick, purple-veined cockshaft
 disappear into the hairy wet slit of his mom's pussy. Kate grimaced as
 her cunthole stretched wider and wider, forcibly accommodating the boy's
 large prick. Finally, it was all the way inside her, throbbing and
 twitching deep inside her belly. She had never felt so deliciously full
 as she did right now, fully-impaled on her son's wonderful big cock. Her
 pussy throbbed in time with his prick as Kate began to move her hips, her
 brain reeling with pleasure at the realization of finally fucking her own
 son.

    "Oh, Marty, Mommy loves it!" she squealed. She held his shoulders
 tightly as she humped her ass in a feverish rhythm, sliding her tight
 little pussy rhythmically up and down his cock. "Please, Marty, fuck me
 now! Oh, darling, my cunt's so hot! Fuck my pussy! Fill me with cum!"

    Marty slid his hands down her slender waist, clutching the
 peach-shaped globes of his mom's girlish, madly-humping ass. Then he
 jerked his hips off the couch to meet the rhythm, thrusting his young
 cock in and out of his mother's hotly clinging cunt.

    "Harder, Marty! Fuck my pussy, harder! Mommy like to be fucked real
 hard, baby!", grunted Kate feeling her son's cock-tip slamming against
 the entrance of her very womb. She bucked her naked ass up and down over
 his crotch in a frenzy of passion, pounding her wet, swollen cunt onto
 her son's pile-driving cock as hard as she could. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck
 Mommy's cunt, Marty! Oh, fuck, your cock feels so good inside me! Please,
 Marty, fuck my pussy as hard as you can!"

    Marty picked up the speed of his fucking, groaning with pleasure as he
 humped high and hard off the couch, ramming his cock up his mom's hairy
 pussy-hole as deeply as he could. Her cunt felt ever bit as tight and hot
 and wet as he'd imagined, and the way she was bouncing her ass all over
 the place like some cheap, cock-starved slut really got him excited. God,
 he was fucking his own mother and she was going crazy with lust.

    The ecstasy built steadily deep inside Kate's loins. She felt her
 erect nipples tingling and her pink little asshole throbbing in and out
 as Marty fucked her faster and faster, impaling her deliciously on the
 satisfying stiffness of his prick.

    "God! I'm gonna cum!" Kate squealed, her body shuddering stiffly. She
 dropped her hand, shamelessly rubbing her clit as her son's huge prick
 pounded solidly up into her cunt. "Harder, harder, harder! Fuck me,
 honey, fuck my pussy! Oh, Marty, oh, shit, I'm getting so close! Fuck
 your mother, Marty! Faster, fuck Mommy's horny cunt!"

    Clutching her bucking asscheeks, Marty pounded his aching cock into
 his mother's pussy as hard as he could. The room was filled with an
 obscene litany of moans and groans and loud slurping noises as Kate's
 tight, juicy pussy squished wetly around her son's huge prick, and
 Marty's enormous erection probed the depths of his mother's womb. Then,
 with a scream, Kate came like a rocket.

    "Fuck! Fuck! FUCK!! I'm cumming, baby! Fuck me! Fuck my cunt! Mommy's
 cuuummmiiinnngggg!" Her pussy spasmed violently, spewing cunt-juice all
 over the racing length of her son's pistoning cock.

    Marty kept fucking her cunt as hard as he could, gasping as the second
 load of jism exploded from his balls. It squirted deep inside his
 mother's pussy, deluging her squirming cunt with a powerful stream of
 jizz. Kate gasped in ecstasy as Marty emptied his balls into her
 fuck-hole, filling her insides with a white torrent of hot thick sperm.
 She kept humping wildly on top of her son, flexing her cunt-muscles
 around his jerking, squirting prick, not even slowing until she had
 drained his balls of the last drops of his teenage fuck-juice.

    "Ohhh, God, Mom!", gasped Marty, his cock still deeply imbedded inside
 his mother's softly twitching cunt. "That was fuckin' fantastic!"

    "Ummmmmm, it sure was, baby!", grinned Kate. "You sure gave mommy one
 hell of a fantastic fuck!"

    Marty made his semi-hard cock twitch inside the tight grip of his
 mother's cunt and smiled up at her boyishly.

    "Want to do it again, Mom?" he asked.

    "Uuuuuuh, baby! Can you?" Kate murmured, not quite believing that any
 cock could recover so quickly, even a young teenager's.

    "What do you think, Mom?", smiled Marty flexing his swelling prick
 inside her again for added emphasis

    "Ohhh, honey! I think I want you to fuck me again!", Kate gasped. His
 cock was definitely growing and moving inside her horny pussy and it felt
 absolutely wonderful.

    Marty rolled his mother over onto her back and pulled her legs up over
 his shoulders. Then, without another word he began to pound his long,
 hard prick deep into her gooey pussy. It was filled with his sperm and
 his mother's cunt-juice and felt a little less tight than before, but
 Marty didn't mind, that simply meant he'd be able to last a lot longer,
 and he wanted to fuck his gorgeous, sexy mother all night long if it was
 possible.

    Kate was in seventh heaven, her wonderful young hunk of a son was
 fucking her like a stud stallion, really slamming his cock into her cunt
 hard, the way she liked it... the way her husband never had. She had to
 admit that her son was a better lover by far than her ex-husband, and she
 had him all to herself, to fuck whenever she wanted. And judging by
 Marty's insatiable efforts so far, Kate knew that she wouldn't be able to
 go for long without her son's magnificent young cock pounding her pussy.

    The next night, Paul stayed over at Randy's house as planned, and
 Alison found herself admiring her son's handsome young friend more and
 more. Both boys were wearing tight jeans and T-shirts which showed off
 their muscular young bodies to perfection. Alison was in a constant state
 of arousal just being around them. Paul was absolutely gorgeous, she
 thought. He was tall and athletic-looking with more than his share of his
 mother Monica's good looks.

    All through the evening, Alison found excuses to be with them. Paul
 seemed to like her company, and Alison flirted with him shamelessly, much
 to Randy's annoyance.  After dinner, while Paul was taking a shower Randy
 confronted his mother.

    "Mom, what is it with you tonight?", he asked. "You've been all over
 Paul like a rash."

    "Don't tell me, Mommy's little baby is jealous?", teased Alison.

    "Come on, Mom, be serious!", whined Randy. "You want to fuck Paul,
 don't you? That's what all this cutesy stuff tonight was all about,
 wasn't it!?"

    "Maybe I do," said Alison, "Would you mind if I did?... Fuck Paul, I
 mean."

    Randy thought about it for a second then gave his mother a lewd wink.

    "I guess not, Mom", he grinned, pulling her into his arms. "As long as
 I get my share."

    Alison dropped her right hand to Randy's crotch and gave her son's
 swollen cock-bulge a playful squeeze through his pants.

    "Don't worry about that, honey," she murmured, "I'm so horny lately,
 I've got more than enough to go around."

    "So I noticed, Mom!", chuckled Randy, squeezing his mother's ass
 suggestively. "Think we have time for a quick one before Paul get's out
 of the shower?"

    "I don't know, sweetheart, let's find out!", smiled Alison pulling her
 son down the hallway towards her bedroom.

                              + + + + +

    Paul had intended to take a long, relaxing hot shower as he always did
 at home, but on second thought decided to make it short and sweet. He was
 only a guest here, and it wasn't polite to hog all the hot water.
 Stepping out of the shower, Paul reached for the towel, Alison had left
 him and leisurely dried himself off. His clothes were in Randy's room so
 he wrapped the towel around his waist and opened the bathroom door. He
 was halfway down the hall when he heard strange moaning noises coming
 from the bedroom across from Randy's. `That's Mrs. Ross' room,' he
 thought maybe she's sick or something.'

    As Paul got closer, he noticed the door was slightly ajar and peeked
 inside. His eyes nearly popped out of his head. Alison was stretched out
 naked on her bed with Randy, equally naked, between his mother's
 wide-stretched thighs, slamming his rock-hard cock into her bucking cunt.

    "Jeeessus!", whispered Paul, under his breath. His friend was fucking
 HIS mom too!

    Paul stared wide-eyed as Randy continued to ram his mother's wet,
 clinging cunt full of hard, teenage prick. As Paul stood there, rooted to
 the spot, his own cock began to swell automatically at the sight, of
 Randy's long glistening weapon pounding savagely into his gorgeous, naked
 mother. Paul had always thought Mrs Ross was one hell of a foxy lady, and
 now, seeing her getting fucked by her own son made his prick ache with
 need. He thought of his own mother and wished he was home right now,
 doing the same thing to her that Randy was doing to Alison. But his
 mother was on a guilt trip and had refused to give in to his requests
 that they have sex regularly. Paul watched in envy as his friend really
 hammered it to his sexy, willing mother.

    Randy soon had his mother on the brink of orgasm. The pleasure was so
 intense that Alison had to cover her own mouth with her hand to stop from
 squealing out as she normally did. She tried desperately to keep silent
 as Randy pumped his cock vigorously into her spasming cunt, she didn't
 want Paul to hear her over the noise of the shower. It wasn't until after
 Randy's cock exploded in her cunt that Alison realized she couldn't hear
 the shower running anymore!

    "Shit!!", she gasped, scrambling off the bed. "Quick! Paul's finished
 his shower!"

    "Fuck!", exclaimed Randy, grabbing his jeans and shirt from the foot
 of his mother's bed.

    As the frantic pair dressed, Paul raced back to the bathroom and
 closed the door. He waited until he heard them pass by outside, then
 opened the bathroom door and went to Randy's room to dress, as if nothing
 had happened.

    The rest of the night, Paul couldn't stop staring at Alison. The sight
 of her gorgeous, naked body stretched out under her son was etched into
 his horny young brain. His cock was in a constant state of semi-hardness
 just thinking about it. Alison seemed to notice it too. If he wasn't
 mistaken, she was stealing sly little glances at the bulge in his crotch
 every chance she got.

    Randy suggested he and Paul get an early night since they had to make
 an early start the next day. Reluctantly, Paul agreed. He much preferred
 to stay up and talk to Randy's sexy mother, but Randy was insistent.

    After almost an hour of tossing and turning, Paul was still wide
 awake. His mind was filled with lewd fantasies of Randy's mother. He
 imagined her sucking his cock, spreading those long, creamy legs wide to
 take his cock in her juicy cunt, and bending over to let him ram his cock
 up her gorgeous firm little ass. He was just about to jerk off with the
 frustration of it all when he heard Alison's bedroom door open and the
 light padding of footsteps heading down the hallway in the direction of
 the kitchen. Without thinking, Paul got out of bed and followed, not
 really knowing what he was going to say to her.

    "Well, hello there, handsome," Alison said, smiling pleasantly as Paul
 walked into the kitchen. "I thought you'd be dead to the world by now.
 Can't you sleep?"

    "Oh, I guess I've got insomnia," Paul mumbled, shrugging feebly as he
 looked at Alison, trying desperately to think of something to say besides
 what was going through his mind. She sat at the kitchen table in a short
 terry robe, sipping a small glass of brandy. "I guess I was kinda hoping
 you'd have milk in the fridge. That usually helps me get to sleep."

    "Why, certainly, honey. Just have a seat and I'll get you a glass."

    Alison rose, glancing at Paul's crotch as she turned toward the
 refrigerator. The youth's prick looked semi-swollen, and it was obviously
 a big one. Alison had no way of knowing that Paul couldn't sleep because
 he was thinking about her, or that he was horny and frustrated because
 his mother, Monica had refused to have anything to do with him sexually
 since their first torrid coupling days before. All she knew was that the
 quick fuck with Randy earlier had not been near enough to satisfy her. In
 fact, it just left a wet need pulsing in her pussy. She was still very,
 very horny.

    `No, I shouldn't!' Alison thought, hesitating as she opened the
 refrigerator and pulled out the carton of milk. `It's bad enough that I'm
 fucking my own son. I shouldn't seduce his friend too!' But her pussy was
 throbbing out a different tune and Alison grew hornier by the second as
 she thought of the delicious young cock bulging through Paul's underwear
 only feet away.

    With her back turned to Paul as she fetched a glass from the shelf,
 Alison deliberately loosened the sash of her robe, so that when she
 turned around, it would "accidentally" fall open.

    "I can heat up the milk, if you want, Paul."

    "No, that's okay." Paul sat on the chair in front of the table. "Hot
 or cold, as long as it goes in my stomach."

    Alison smiled sweetly as she turned back to him, carrying the carton
 and glass. Paul's bulging eyes went straight to her body. The loose robe
 now gaped open far enough so that he could see the inner slopes of her
 large jiggling tits. God, even his mother didn't have tits as big as
 those, though Paul.

    "Th..thanks, Mrs. Ross," he mumbled.

    She put the milk and the glass on the table, but remained standing in
 front of him. She smiled as she watched Paul's eyes move down, seeing her
 rounded belly through the partially-open robe, and the shadow of her
 richly-furred cunt. Alison stole a glance at the boy's crotch. She
 suppressed a sigh as she saw that her son's friend was growing a simply
 enormous hard-on, a huge, pulsing shaft of flesh that bulged obscenely
 through the crotch of his shorts.

    "Don't you want your milk, Paul?"

    "Uh.. . yeah! Sure, Mrs. Ross."

    Paul's hands trembled as he picked up the glass and the milk carton,
 his eyes remaining locked on the incredible body under the robe. He was
 obviously already much too horny to concentrate on what he was doing.
 Alison smiled as she watched him pour the milk half in and half out of
 the glass, spilling it clumsily on his thighs and the floor.

    "Aww, shit!"

    "Ohh, Paul, you're making a mess." Alison stepped closer, feeling her
 big, firm tits sway sexily under the terry robe. "Look at how you're
 trembling, Paul. What are you so excited about?"

    "N..N..Nothing. Mrs. Ross."

    "Paul," Alison said, in a softer voice. "Why are you staring at my
 body like that?"

    Paul gaped at her, his eyes opening wider as he distractedly put the
 glass and carton back on the table.

    "I ... I wasn't... "

    "Yes, you were, Paul." Alison smiled and stroked his hair. "You don't
 have to be ashamed of it. It's natural for a boy your age to be curious
 about a woman's body. Boys your age are usually quite horny. That's why
 your cock is so stiff right now, isn't it, Paul?"

    "I... I guess."

    "Would you like to see more of my body, Paul" Alison asked softly.
 "I'll take off my robe, if you want."

    Paul managed to nod his head. Smiling seductively, Alison slid the
 robe off her shoulders. The youth's jaw dropped open as he gazed at her
 large, stiff-nippled tits, his eyes falling to the tiny triangle of
 fleecy, dark-brown pubic hair that covered her pouty-lipped cunt. He
 could even see the narrow pink slit of her pussy glistening wetly in the
 light from the hallway.

    "Oh, Jesus, Mrs. Ross!" Paul said excitedly.

    "Oh, Paul, look at your cock!" Alison put her hand on her mouth in
 mock surprise. She was loving every moment of this.

    "Maybe I shouldn't have let you look at my body. Look at how stiff
 your cock is now. It looks like you're about to burst right out of those
 pants!"

    Totally embarrassed, Paul looked down at his crotch. She was right.
 His prick was throbbing and twitching obscenely in his shorts, leaking
 out so much pre-cum that the sheer fabric was stained with the milky
 juice.  Alison, couldn't help herself. She dropped to her knees in front
 of Paul, and, grasping his shorts by the elastic waistband, swiftly
 yanked them down over his hips. A moment later Paul was naked, his huge
 hard-on pulsing and quivering in front of his stomach. Alison wrapped her
 fingers around his cock and smiled lovingly into his eyes, jacking his
 her fist rapidly up and down the long, thick shaft.

    "Oh, fuck, Mrs. Ross!"

    "Paul, I don't think you need a glass of milk after all," Alison
 purred. "I think a good cocksucking to help you get to sleep is what you
 need... Would you like me to suck this nice big prick of yours for you,
 honey?"

    "Please," Paul groaned. "Oh, please!"

    Smiling at the horny boy, Alison slid her fist to the pulsing root of
 his cock. Holding it tightly, she dropped her head into his crotch,
 whimpering shamelessly as she thrust the first several inches of the
 boy's long, throbbing hard-on between her lips.

    His cock was huge and it tasted good, nearly as good as her own son's
 cock. Alison closed her eyes, breathing heavily through her nose as she
 compressed her stretched lips in a wet, ovaled circle around the veined
 stiffness of Paul's hot young prick. Then she started sucking him hard,
 puckering her full cheeks to increase the pressure around his cock-shaft.

    "Oh, fuck, I can't believe this!" Paul gazed down at his friend's
 naked mother in a trance, shocked but excited by the sight of Alison's
 lips stretched around his cock.

    "Suck it, Mrs. Ross!" He clutched her head and hunched his ass off the
 chair, fucking his big cock between her lips. "Oh, shit, that feels so
 good! Yeahhhh! Suck it hard! Suck the cum out of my prick!"

    Alison forced her face farther down into his hairy young crotch,
 wanting to suck in as much of his wonderful cock as she could take
 without choking. Her hungry mouth made obscene slurping, smacking sounds
 as she worked on the boy's throbbing erection. Pre-cum was oozing heavily
 out of his fat, bloated cockhead, and Alison eagerly swirled her tongue
 around the puffy knob, lapping up his drooling cock-juice. It tasted
 great, and Alison couldn't wait for the boy to cum so that she could
 sample more of his delicious young spunk.

    Face flushed and breathing heavily, the naked mom started sucking and
 jacking on Paul's prick much harder, rhythmically alternating between
 puckering and bellowing her cheeks around his pulsing cock. Her tongue
 laved and swirled around his cockhead, digging into his piss-slit,
 determined not to miss a drop of his oozing pre-cum.

    "Oh, shit!" Paul was pulling her hair now, humping his ass urgently
 off the chair. "Suck harder, Mrs. Ross! Oh, fuck, you're gonna make me
 blow! Yeahh! Yeahhh! Harder, make me cum in your hot fuckin' mouth!"

    Alison sucked the boy's huge cock as hard as she could, her breath
 whistling loudly through her nostrils as she sucked. Her right hand
 tightened around the rigid shaft as she jacked her fist up and down the
 portion of Paul's cock that wouldn't fit into her mouth. His seemed to
 swell suddenly as she jerked on the shaft and sucked the bloated, purple
 head to a to a hard, heavy rhythm. He's going to cum! Alison thought
 happily, moving her left hand between his trembling thighs, she cupped
 the warm hairy sac of his young balls and squeezed them gently.

    "God! Fuck, I'm almost there!" Paul moaned. "Suck it, Mrs. Ross! Suck
 it, please suck it, suck my fucking prick! Ahhhh, shit, I'm cumming!
 Ahhhhhhhhh! Godddddd, yesssssss!"

    His pulsing cock swelled to an incredible, bucking stiffness between
 her lips, before suddenly erupting in a series of powerful, creamy spurts
 that Alison's mouth to overflowing. She whimpered around Paul's erupting
 prick and sucked and jacked it even harder, determined to get every drop
 of his tasty young fuck-cream.

    She had to swallow rapidly to gulp down all of his load, but she never
 missed a drop. In fact, her pumping fist kept coaxing more prick-juice
 out of his balls, until she'd finally lapped up the last traces of his
 jism. Even after Paul had stopped ejaculating, Alison nursed loving on
 his cock, sucking out the last of it. She had never been so hungry for a
 man's cum before.

    After a minute or two, Paul's cock began to deflate in her mouth, but
 Alison kept up a gentle, insistent sucking action that soon stopped that.
 His virile young prick began to swell again and within minutes, it was
 almost as hard as before. Alison popped her lips off Paul's rejuvenated
 organ and smiled dreamily up into his dazed young eyes.

    "I'll bet you think I'm a pretty good cocksucker now, don't you,
 Paul?" she purred, continuing to pump her fist feverishly up and down his
 prick. "Think you can keep this big cock hard for me, lover? My cunt got
 all wet from sucking you off. I'd really like you to fuck me!"

    "Really?" Paul murmured enthusiastically. "Okay... where?"

    "Let's do it right here on the floor, honey."

    Paul looked confused. "But Randy might walk in on us."

    Alison suppressed a giggle, remembering how hard her son had fucked
 her earlier while Paul was in the shower. "He won't wake up, Paul.
 Believe me. Now don't make me wait any longer. I'm so hot, darling. I
 really need you to fuck me right now!"

    Alison slid away from him, her huge tits jiggling provocatively as she
 stretched out on her back on the floor. It would hurt her ass to hump off
 the linoleum, but she was much too horny to care. Alison stared hungrily
 at the naked youth's big stiff cock, wiggling her ass into a good
 position, then spreading her legs wide to offer him her juicy, hairy
 cunt.

    "Fuck me, Paul," she said softly.

    Paul slid off the chair, staring at her tight, wet pussy as he joined
 the naked woman on the floor. Alison cocked her legs high in the air,
 shamelessly opening her wet, horny pussy for the invasion of his prick.
 Paul quickly mounted his friend's mother, supporting his weight on arms
 outstretched beside her shoulders, his hard cock pulsing up and down
 against her cuntmound.

    "You've got gorgeous tits," he said breathlessly, staring down at her
 large, firm breasts. Her fat nipples protruded stiffly with her desire.
 "I swear, they're even bigger than my mom's..... ummm, I mean......"

    His words trailed off into a feeble mumble, but Alison was too horny
 to pay attention. Eagerly she grasped Paul's rigid cockshaft, pulling him
 down with it, until she felt his big prickhead nudge between her
 cuntlips.

    "Oh, Paul, it feels so big!!! Fuck me with it, Paul! Fuck my hot pussy
 with your big, fat prick!"

    Paul pushed down eagerly, sinking his cock into her, and they both
 moaned loudly as Alison's tight, slippery cunt sucked wetly around the
 invading cockshaft. In and in, the long, thick shaft pushed, until
 Alison's tingling cunt was stretched wide around the pulsing thickness of
 the boy's cock. Paul let his elbows bend, crushing the horny mother's big
 tits under his broad, muscular chest. Then he started humping on top of
 her, fucking his rock-hard cock steadily in and out of Alison's tightly,
 clinging cunthole.

    "Faster, Paul! Fuck me faster!" Alison threw her arms around his
 shoulders, shuddering as his long cock filled her with it's wonderful
 thickness, "Ohhhh, yessss! Fuck my pussy, fuck my hot little pussy!
 Unnnnhhh, fuck! Your cock is huge, baby! Ohhh, yeahhhhhh! Fuck it it
 there! Fuck it in!"

    She lifted her legs higher, then scissored her ankles together high
 across his back. Madly, the naked mom bucked and humped off the floor,
 feverishly pistoning her horny, drippy pussy onto the boy's big,
 womb-probing prick. Paul fucked faster, his ass bucking and jerking,
 spearing his cock expertly in and out of Alison's bucking pussy. She was
 hunching her ass up off the floor with every thrust of his powerful young
 prick, fuckin him back for all she was worth. Soon the naked mom and her
 son's friend were fucking with wild abandon, the kitchen filled with
 their moans and sighs, the sound of their bellies slapping together, the
 squish-squish noise of her drooling pussy clinging to his huge, pounding
 cock.

    "Uuuuhhh! Harder, Paul! " Alison moaned at last, as her pussy spasmed
 harder around his prick. "Oh, fuck, oh, shit, you're making me cum now!
 God, I love your big cock, Paul! Oh, yes, fuck me good with it! Harder,
 Paul, harder, I'm really gonna cum!"

    Paul started fucking the horny, naked woman as fast as he could,
 slamming his big cock into her upthrust cunthole, banging her asscheeks
 onto the hard linoleum floor with every thrust. Alison's cock-stuffed
 pussy had begun to suck and contract uncontrollably around his young
 prickmeat and she knew she was on the verge of a very intense orgasm.

    "Fuck my pussy, fuck my horny cunt!" Alison chanted, whipping her ass
 off the kitchen floor in a frenzy of illicit lust. "I'm cumming, Paul!
 Oh, fuck, oh, shit, keep fucking my cunt! Harder, Paul! Ram it in! Fuck
 me hard! Oohh! Ohhhhh! Ooooooooh! I'm cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

    Her tightly-stretched fuckhole spewed out cunt-juice, spasming and
 rippling uncontrollably around the youth's pounding cock. Paul fucked the
 mom's cumming cunt as fast as he could, moaning as his swinging balls
 slapped the crack of her heaving ass. Suddenly Alison felt another load
 of jizz spewing out of his prick, this time spurting and splattering
 hotly, deep inside her pussy.

    "Ohhhh, baby! Cum in me, Paul! Cum in my hot, fuckin' cunt!"

    It was as big a load as the first one she had taken in her mouth. Paul
 lunged and fucked wildly on top of her, his seemingly endless torrent of
 creamy young sperm spraying into her ravished, clinging pussy. Alison
 wrapped her arms and legs more tightly around the boy's bucking body,
 continuing to fuck her clasping cunt onto his shooting cock. As last of
 his jism jetted deep into her belly, Alison felt it oozing back out of
 her hairy cunt-hole, puddling on the floor under her humping ass.

    Paul slid his cock out of her cream-filled cunt, making Alison giggle
 as he quickly slid down her body to cup her enormous tits. Hungrily, the
 youth fondled and sucked her breasts, taking turns slurping each of her
 stiff, rubbery nipples deeply between his lips. Then Alison gasped with
 surprise as he slid down farther, planting wet kisses on her undulating
 belly, finally nuzzling his head between her thighs.

    "Oh, Paul, you just shot so much cum in there. You don't really want
 to lick my pussy now, do you, Paul?!.... Oh, Paul!.... Ooooh, that feels
 good! Ohhh... yesssssss!"

    The horny youth moaned as he rubbed his face in her wet, hairy,
 just-fucked pussy, coating his cheeks with her sticky fuck-juices. Then
 he thrust his tongue up Alison's cunt-hole and busily started lapping out
 the tasty mixture of jism and cunt-juice that filled her hot, swollen
 little slit to over-flowing He opened her pouting cuntlips with his
 fingers, exposing the glistening, wet pinkness within. Alison whimpered
 as his sluicing tongue licked closer and closer to her pulsating clit.

    "Oh, God!" She clutched his head and started humping her ass again,
 shamelessly fucking her throbbing pussy onto the boy's mouth. "That's
 fantastic! You're gonna make me cum again, honey! Unnggghh! Suck my clit,
 Paul! Put it in your mouth and suck it good and hard!"

    Paul started licking the swollen, pulsing little bud with his tongue
 and nibbling it gently with his lips, making Alison's thighs tremble as
 waves of intense pleasure coursed through her incredibly-aroused body.
 Finally the boy pursed his lips on her ultra-sensitive clit, sucking it
 hard, at the same time, pumping his fingers in and out of her buttery
 fuck-hole.

    "Oh, fuck, Paul!" Alison felt her cunt contracting around fingers as
 the second powerful climax with minutes flooded through her loins.
 "You're making me cum, lover! Suck my clit! Fuck my cunt! Oh Jesus, Paul!
 I'mmmm cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

    Alison's climax lasted even longer this time, crashing through her
 quivering body until she thought she would pass out from sheer pleasure.
 Paul kept licking and sucking and finger-fucking her until she came down
 from her high, obviously loving the heavy flow of pussy-cream that oozed
 out of her curly-haired cunt. He worked on her leaking slit until he'd
 licked up every drop of her spendings, then rested his head on her belly,
 his tongue lightly flicking her clit, like a contented little puppy. She
 stroked his hair tenderly.

    Paul had been a marvelous fuck, Alison thought happily. Almost as good
 as her very own son. A horny little tremour passsed through her cunt as
 she imagined having both of them fuck her at once. It was a totally
 depraved idea and she wondered if the boys would be willing, but the more
 Alison thought about it, the more she wanted to try it.

    "Jesus, Mom," murmured Marty, sprawling naked beneath his mother on
 her bed. "I never thought you'd be so fuckin' horny!"

    "Unnnghhh! Don't talk, just fuck my pussy, Marty," Kate panted. "Fuck
 Mommy's cunt with that big fat cock, baby! Make me cum, again!"

    It was late in the morning, a good half-hour after Marty should have
 left for his first class at school. Kate knew she would have to let her
 son go soon, but in the meantime, she wanted his hard young cock drilling
 her pussy until she couldn't cum any more!

    They'd fucked for the very first time the night before, and Kate just
 couldn't get enough of her son's virile young prick. He was as insatiable
 as she was! Again and again, he'd fucked her cunt, well into the early
 hours of the morning, and when Kate had woken him at seven a.m. his young
 cock was still as long and as hard as a railroad spike! Now she just
 wanted him to keep fucking her gooey little pussy, and shooting her cunt
 full of hot teenage jizz.

    The naked redhead mom was was on top of her son now, her knees on the
 bed to either side of his slim hips, clutching his shoulders as she
 bounced her insatiable pussy up and down on his erect prick, her juices
 making Marty's thick, bloated shaft glisten in the early morning light
 streaming through the bedroom window.

    Marty's cock was still extremely stiff, despite all the loads of cum
 he'd emptied into her pussy. A young stud like her son could obviously
 keep his cock hard all day and all night, at least that's what Kate
 hoped, anyway.

    "Harder, Marty!" Kate pleaded. Her voice cracked with passion as she
 quickened the speed of her humping, shuddering as she pistoned her tight,
 clinging pussy up and down on her son's erect prick. "Mommy wants another
 cum, lover! Oh yeahhhh, Marty! Keep fucking me! Fuck my hot little pussy
 as hard as you can, baby!"

    Marty stared down at the juncture of their naked, writhing bodies,
 excitedly watching his juice-slickened cock sliding deeply in and out
 between the clasping lips of his mother's tight, fur-lined little pussy.
 He slid his hands down from her jiggling tits and gripped the
 madly-humping globes of her ass. Then he started humping much harder
 beneath her, ramming his huge cock up into the clinging heat of his naked
 mom's eager fuck-hole until Kate thought she'd faint with sheer pleasure!

    "Oooooohhhhhh, God! Yesss, Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" Kate chanted,
 her cute young-looking, face contorting with obscene incestuous pleasure
 as her hungry pussy sucked and spasmed around his monstrously engorged
 young prick. "Unggghhh! Mommy's cumming again, Marty! Oh, please fuck me,
 darling, harder, harder! Oh, fuck, I'm cumming again! Yessss, baaabby,
 Mommmmyyyyy's Cummmiiinnnggg!"

    Kate's creaming pussy literally sucked her son's pounding prick into
 her body, rippling and contracting around every inch of the his huge,
 glistening shaft. Enjoying the power of being able to bring his horny,
 naked mom to orgasm so often, Marty fucked her hard and fast, slamming
 his long, hard prick deep up into his mother's quivering fuckhole,
 guiding her through the peak of her orgasm.

    But when the spasms finally subsided, Kate realized that her boy
 hadn't shot another hot load into her pussy. A lewd smile spread across
 her face as she realized she would have to use her mouth to suck out
 another load of hot, creamy jizz from his young balls.

    "You didn't cum that time, Marty," she purred, lifting her leg to
 slide her wet, clinging pussy off his cock. "I guess you want me to make
 you cum with my mouth again, huh?"

    Marty just smiled up at his mom, his enormous hard-on twitched over
 his stomach, the fat cock-knob swollen and red, the ridged veins
 throbbing with his heartbeat. Drops of milky pre-cum oozed out of his
 piss-slit in a little white trail. Kate could smell her own musky
 cunt-juice which covered Marty's cock from balls to tip in a bright,
 glistening sheen. The very thought of letting that wonderful, tasty young
 prick slide down her throat had Kate's pussy throbbing like crazy. Her
 own son had the most suckable cock she'd ever seen in her life.

    "Sit up on the edge of the bed, Marty. Mommy's going to suck you off!"

    Marty did as she asked, sitting up so that his huge prick rose stiffly
 out of his lightly-haired young crotch. Kate's mouth was already watering
 as she slid to her knees on the floor and gazed hungrily at the shiny,
 throbbing hardness of her son's huge erection. She wrapped her fingers
 around the base, squeezing hard, then started to jack on it. She moaned
 as she watched more tasty young teenage spunk bubble out of her son's
 huge, stiff organ.

    "Come on, Mom! Suck it!" Marty moaned excitedly. "Please suck my
 cock!"

    "You don't have to beg me, darling." Kate giggled. "You know how much
 Mommy loves to suck you off!" With a lewd grin, she lowered her head to
 Marty's crotch, moaning all the way down in lustful anticipation.

    Kate opened her mouth as wide as she could and wrapped her full, red
 lips around the hard, meaty cock-shaft. It was so thick and swollen, Kate
 wondered if she'd be able to get it all into her mouth. It would be a
 battle, but one she would enjoy nonetheless. She shut her eyes,
 concentrating on the feel and taste of her son's big prick. She could
 taste her own pussy-juice on it, and it made her even hornier to think
 that she was sucking on a cock that had just finished fucking her cunt.

    Swallowing as much of the huge pole as she could without choking, Kate
 immediately started sucking her son's cock as hard as she could. Marty
 made little whimpering sounds of pleasure and humped his ass off the bed,
 fucking his aching cock through his mother's tightly-pursed lips. Kate
 slurped and licked and sucked, loudly and wetly, the sounds of her
 incestuous cock-sucking filling the bedroom. She bobbed her head on his
 crotch, as Marty greedily fucked her face with his huge, stiff prick.

    "Yeahhhh, Mom, suck that cock, baby!" Marty panted, as his cock
 swelled even stiffer between her lips. "God, what a mouth! Unnnhhhh!
 Ohhhhh! Wowwwwww! Oh, fuck, Mom, I think I'm gonna cum now! I'm really
 getting close!"

    Kate feverishly sucked her son's pulsing cock even harder, her
 freckled cheeks reddening brightly with the torrid energy of the wanton,
 incestuous act she was performing. It may be wrong, she thought, but it
 was the best feeling in the world!

    She tightened her fingers around the root of his prick and commenced a
 furious hand-job on the bottom half of Marty's cock, her fist pumping in
 a blur up and down his lust-swollen shaft. Pre-cum oozed more freely out
 of his cock-tip now and Kate knew he was truly going to cum any second.
 Shamelessly, she swirled her tongue around his cock-head, lapping every
 tasty drop of milk that emerged from her son's prick.

    "Ooooooohhhhhh! Mom, I'm cumming! Fuck! I'm cummiinnngg!"

    Marty's cock erupted like a volcano, squirting huge, thick jets of
 sperm into his mother's hotly-sucking mouth. Kate slurped and swallowed
 happily, relishing the taste and texture of her son's spewing jizz, and
 she moaned in ecstasy as his huge creamy load spurted out over her tongue
 and down her throat, warming her belly with it's sticky thickness. Kate
 kept sucking for a long time after she'd milked out the last of his young
 spunk, knowing that it was her last chance for sex with her son that
 morning. Although she didn't want him to leave, Kate realized she would
 have to let him go to school or questions would be asked.

    "Keep thinking dirty thoughts, darling, and we can have more fun when
 you get home from school this afternoon" she purred, licking the last of
 the cum from her mouth as Marty reached for his clothes.

    "You fuckin' bet I will, Mom!", he grinned, staring down at Kate's
 drooling, glistening cuntslit.

    Ten minutes later, Marty left for school with a note for the
 principal. Kate didn't bother getting dressed. It wasn't worth the
 trouble when she was this horny. She knew she would only spend the rest
 of the day finger-fucking anyhow, thinking constantly of the incredible
 feelings of lust that the feel and taste of her own son's prick instilled
 in her.

    He'd still had an enormous hard-on in his jeans when he'd walked out
 the door, Kate remembered with a mischievous chuckle. She wondered if any
 of his female teachers would have trouble lecturing a young stud with
 such an appetizing cock bulge in his pants.


                                + + + + +

    "Unnngggh! God!" Monica panted. "Uuuuuhh! I'm so hot! I wish you were
 here to fuck me, baby! Oooh, Pauly! I need your big cock, lover! Unh,
 unhhhh..."

    The gorgeous, blonde mom lay sprawled naked on her living-room couch,
 her pretty cheeks flushed bright-red with shame and passion as she rubbed
 her hot, burning pussy-slit, stabbing her fingers into her gooey wet
 fuckhole as fast as she could. Her fingers felt nice but she needed a
 cock... Paul's cock. She imagined her tall, handsome young son was
 between her legs now, fucking her with his long, thick teenaged prick,
 sending her through orgasm after orgasm, until she couldn't cum anymore.
 God she felt horny! She'd missed him badly when he'd spent the night at
 her friend Alison's house.

    Out of misplaced guilt, Monica had refused to let her son fuck her
 again after that first time, but it wasn't for lack of desire. The more
 she remembered how good her own son's cock had felt up her pussy, the
 more she thought she would go out of her mind with lust for him. She'd
 never thought she could be this horny. She hadn't let Paul touch her
 again, and hardly even spoke to him, yet all she could think about was
 his huge, throbbing teenage cock at full erection!

    He'd actually wanted to fuck his own mother! Every time she voiced the
 words to herself, her pussy grew unbearably wet and hot. Monica had lost
 count of how many times she'd masturbated herself to totally unfulfilling
 orgasms in the past several days. She'd always felt ashamed of playing
 with her pussy, but now she simply couldn't help it. There was little
 doubt that she would soon be eagerly spreading her legs for her son again
 if she didn't do something to relieve her lust. No amount of
 finger-fucking could take the place of a big, hard cock.

    "Oh, Paul!" Monica gasped, biting her lip and digging three fingers
 deep inside her gaping cunthole. "OH, FUCK! UHHHHH! UUUUUNNNGGGHHHHHH"

    The violent orgasm made her ass buck wildly off the couch, her
 cunt-juice spewing hotly onto her rapidly-fucking fingers. When it
 subsided, the naked mom was still as horny as ever. Wearily, she slid off
 the sofa, brushing her wavy, golden-blonde hair out of her eyes, her big,
 firm tits jiggling as she strode across the room. The living room
 curtains were parted just enough for her to see the street. Monica shot a
 casual glance at the sidewalk, and then saw something that made her stop
 in her tracks.

    It was Kate Sanders' son, Marty, apparently late for school and
 walking fast. Monica's hungry eyes went straight for his crotch. Her lips
 parted in surprise, and a feverish new passion flooded into her cunt.
 Why, the little bastard was walking to school with a big hard-on in his
 pants! Monica's blue eyes homed in on Marty's crotch, there was no doubt
 that the boy was toting around an extremely stiff, bulging prick!

    Monica's face flushed, and she started breathing hard. Don't do it!
 she told herself, but the warning was ignored. She was just TOO horny!
 She'd lost all control over her lust. She'd go mad if she didn't get
 fucked this morning... damn the consequences!

    "Marty!" Monica called. She pressed herself against the wall beside
 the window, poking her head out just far enough so that he wouldn't be
 able to tell she was naked.

    "Hi, Mrs Walsh!", said Marty, trying desperately to hide his hard-on
 with his school bag.

    "Um, Marty, could you please come in here for a minute?"

    Marty stopped and turned on the sidewalk, looking worried. "I can't!
 I'll be late for school."

    "You're already late. Just please come in here, Marty. It's
 important."

    Marty paused, shrugged, then walked up the path to her house.
 Red-faced and trembling, Monica stood naked in the hall, in front of the
 door. There was no point in putting on clothes, not when she was inviting
 him in for only one reason, and by the size of his cock-bulge, young
 Marty was thinking about the same thing. Her nipples were painfully
 stiff, and her pussy was so hot and wet that she could feel her
 cunt-juices on her inner thighs. It was shocking and horrible and sinful
 to confront a 16-year-old boy like this, but it didn't matter. Monica
 wasn't going to let either Marty or Marty's cock out of her house until
 he gave her the fuck of her life.

    Marty opened the door and stepped into the hall. His jaw dropped open
 as he gaped at the beautiful, naked woman standing before him.

    "Jesus Christ!!!", he managed to breathe.

    "Shut the door," Monica whispered.

    Marty reflexively kicked the door shut behind him. Then he leaned
 against it, his eyes bulging as they moved up and down Monica's
 incredible body. Monica watched his cock-bulge swell even more stiffly as
 he gazed at her long, sleek legs and hairy pussy triangle, his eyes then
 rising to the firm, creamy tits that were so big for her delicately-boned
 torso.

    Monica didn't give him a chance to look for long. She had already
 dropped to her knees in front of him, her hands trembling as she reached
 for his belt buckle.

    "What the fuck....." Marty yelped.

    "Shut up and let me see your cock!", muttered Monica, a wild, crazy
 look of lust in her eyes. All sense of reality was gone for her, now. All
 that mattered was getting her hands on this gorgeous young stud's hard
 cock.

    Marty instinctively tried to step back, but Monica held him still as
 she unbuckled and unzipped his jeans, then yanked them roughly down to
 his ankles. To Monica's delight, Marty wore no underwear. His stiff,
 proud cock sprang out and slapped obscenely against her cheek. It was
 just as big as her son's, and Paul's cock was enormous. The pussy-juice
 literally dribbled out of her cunt as she wrapped her fingers around the
 root of Marty's prick, jacking the thick, blue-veined shaft firmly with
 her fist.

    "Mrs. Walsh!" Marty gasped. "What're you... "

    "I told you to shut up," Monica hissed.

    She jacked his cock harder and faster, shuddering as she watched the
 milky pre-cum dribble out of his cock-tip.

    "I want to know why you're walking around town with a hard-on, Marty,"
 she panted. "Don't you know how disgusting your big cock looks when it's
 sticking out like that? You're a dirty, filthy, horny young man, aren't
 you? You can't even keep yourself from having a big, stiff, fucking cock
 when you go to school!"

    Monica was practically babbling out the words now, pumping his
 incredibly stiff erection as hard as she could. Marty moaned and slumped
 back against the door. He didn't know why this gorgeous naked woman was
 suddenly jerking on his cock, and he didn't care... he just prayed that
 she wouldn't stop!

    "Why, I think the reason your cock is so stiff is that you need
 someone to suck it for you," Monica panted. "Isn't that right, you horny
 bastard? You do want your cock sucked, don't you, Marty? You need it
 sucked, because you need to shoot out a big load of cum!"

    "Oh, Mrs. Walsh! Oh, please... "

    "It looks like I'll have to suck your cock for you, Marty. You know I
 can't let you walk to school with your big, fat prick sticking out like
 this."

    Monica dropped her face into his crotch, pressing her lips on the
 spongy tip of his cock in a wet sucking kiss. Marty groaned, his prick
 pulsing harder than ever. The shameful, horny mom let her mouth open,
 sucking several inches of the boy's cock into her mouth. She nearly
 choked herself on it in her eagerness to fill her mouth with every inch
 of his magnificent young cock. Monica finally stopped jamming her head
 down when she had over two thirds of his thick fuckmeat stretching her
 lips. Her cheeks flushed even brighter as she puckered them inward,
 increasing the milking pressure around his cockshaft. Then she wantonly
 started sucking and slurping on the youth's tasty prick, the gurgling,
 smacking sounds of the blow-job bubbling obscenely out of her lips.

    "Oh, Jesus! Mrs. Walsh! Yeahhhhh!" Marty leaned back against the door
 for support and looked down dazedly at her gorgeous, big-titted body,
 then at her full, red lips nursing feverishly on his prick

    "Suck it, Mrs. Walsh!" He dropped his hands, filling them with the
 golden tresses of her long, wavy, blonde hair. "Suck harder! Oh,
 yeahhhhhh, baby, suck my big fat cock! Suck it!!!"

    Monica was going to tell him to shut up again, but she was too busy
 slurping insatiably on her young lover's prick. His hard-on throbbing in
 her mouth was intensely satisfying, fulfilling the lewd hunger that had
 possessed her for the past several days. I love giving blow-jobs, Monica
 realized as she bobbed her face feverishly over his jizz-oozing prick.
 The only thing that could possibly be better than sucking a stiff cock
 was having one rammed deep inside her cunt, and she intended to make him
 do exactly that before the morning was out.

    Harder and harder she sucked, alternating between puckering and
 puffing her cheeks around the swollen thickness of his hard young fucker.
 Marty's cock grew even stiffer between her lips, pulsing against the roof
 of her mouth. Monica's tongue laved and lapped his heart-shaped cock
 crown, slurping up all of his oozing pre-cum.

    "Uuuuuhhhhhh! I'm gonna cum!" Marty moaned, suddenly. He pulled her
 hair and rocked his hips, fucking her face with his prick. "Suck it, suck
 it good! Oh, fuck, I'm gonna cum now! Suck my cock, Mrs. Walsh! I'm cum
 down your hot fuckin' throat!"

    Monica's pussy itched for attention as she imagined the hot cum that
 would soon be spraying her tonsils. His young cock would throb violently
 and jerk inside her mouth as his furry balls spat out their creamy load.
 Her eyes tightly closed, panting through her nose for air, Monica sucked
 Marty's cock as hard as she could. Her fist pumped madly up and down his
 thick cockshaft, urgently milking his prick up to her sucking mouth.
 Finally she thrust her left hand between his legs, cradling his
 cum-swollen balls and squeezed them gently.

    "I'm cumming, Mrs. Walsh!.. UHHHHHNNNNGGHHH! FUUUUUCCCKKK!!!!""

    His cock throbbed violently in her mouth, twitching twice before
 ejecting his huge, pent-up load in a series of powerful jets that filled
 her mouth to over-flowing. Monica swallowed as fast as she could but it
 wasn't enough, some of Marty's sperm dribbled out around his cockshaft
 and ran down her chin. She scooped it up and used the creamy fluid to
 lubricate the lower half of his long cock with her fist.

    Monica whimpered happily around Marty's spurting hard-on, sucking and
 jacking as hard as she could. For what seemed like ages, sperm spewed out
 of his cock-tip, but Monica didn't let his long, glistening fuckrod slide
 out of her mouth until she'd nursed down every last drop of his delicious
 cock-cream.

    "Oh, fuck, that was good!" Marty sighed, leaning against the door on
 trembling legs.

    Monica sat back on her knees, her eyes wide with crazy desire, the
 boy's cum smeared obscenely around her mouth. She stared, hypnotized by
 the sight of Marty's huge cock. She watched as it slackened slightly,
 then as he ran his own eyes over her naked tits and pussy it started to
 swell again. Monica reached out and stroked the boy's cock. She couldn't
 believe it. He was almost back to full erection, in less than five
 minutes! Soon the incredibly long prick was once more pulsing obscenely
 in front of her face.

    "What's wrong with you, Marty?" she demanded suddenly. "Your hard-on's
 not going down at all. Why doesn't your cock stop being so stiff, Marty?
 I hope you don't expect me to suck it for you again."

    Marty just leaned against the door, unable to believe the naked
 woman's behavior, yet excited by her gorgeous body. He wondered if she'd
 let him fuck her. The thought of sticking his aching cock into her horny
 cunt was enough to make him want to jump her on the spot, but he didn't
 know what she'd do. Maybe she was a prick-tease who only gave blow-jobs
 to passing boys and then, when they were horny as hell to fuck her, made
 them leave. Marty decided to let her make the first move, she seemed a
 little crazy.

    Monica's pussy burned as she started jacking his prick again,
 shuddering as she felt her saliva and his cum slipping under her fingers
 as she fisted his swollen cockshaft.

    "Oooooh Marty, honey... You're as hard as a rock again! I know you
 can't go to school with a hard-on like this."

    "There's a better way you can make me cum, Mrs Walsh," Marty offered,
 staring suggestively between the naked woman's open thighs.

    "Why, Marty! I think you want to fuck me now. Isn't that right. Marty?
 You want to fuck my tight little pussy and shoot another big load of cum.
 Will that make your poor stiff prick go down?"

    Marty gulped, nodding swiftly. Monica was much too horny to bother
 going into the bedroom, or even onto the living room couch. Her pussy was
 throbbing so hard she could barely stand it. She needed the kid to drill
 her right now, right here on the floor.

    "Oooohhh, Marty! Yesssss! Sucking you off made me so horny! Fuck me
 now baby!"

    The naked mom stretched out on her back on the hallway carpet,
 wiggling her peach-shaped asscheeks into a solid humping position on the
 rug. Staring at Marty's big cock, she lifted her long legs and spread
 them wide-apart, completely opening her curly-haired pussy for the
 invasion of his prick.

    "What are you waiting for, baby? I told you, you could fuck me, didn't
 I? So why don't you get down here and put it inside me, then? Go ahead
 and fuck my pussy, you horny little bastard. Come on, Marty, my pussy's
 all ready for your cock. Fuck me, please!"

    Marty dropped to his knees, his cock throbbing more stiffly than ever
 as he stared in lust and wonder at the incredible curves of her body.
 Holding his prick in his hand, he leaned over the woman, fitting his
 cum-leaking cock-knob between the pouting, curly-haired lips of her
 drippy slit. Monica moaned long and loud as she felt his long thick pole
 pushing into her clasping cunt.

    "Oh, fuck!" Monica started humping immediately, wiggling and bucking
 her ass off the floor, trying to shove her tight, gooey pussy onto the
 youth's probing prick. "It feels good, Marty! You've really got a big
 cock, don't you? Unngghhh! Oh, shit, fuck my pussy with it, Marty! Go
 ahead, you horny little bastard! Fuck my cunt with your big fat prick!"

    Marty sprawled on top of her, sinking his aching cock deeply into her
 hairy fuck-hole, flattening her big, quivering tits under his eager young
 chest. By then, Monica was humping like a horny whore, groaning and
 whimpering as Marty pistoned his huge prick deep up into her hungry cunt.
 He kept fucking her steadily, drilling his cock deeper and deeper into
 her drooling fuck-slit until he was buried to the balls in her cunt.

    "Fuck me! Ohhhhhhh, yessssss, fuck me!" Monica hissed, her eyes wide
 with lust.

    She threw her long legs around his back, scissoring her ankles
 together. Her blushing asscheeks hunched up off the floor in a steady,
 driving rhythm, grinding her tightly-sucking pussy onto his cock. Marty
 started pounding her harder, moaning as he rammed his rock-hard prick
 into the creamy, clinging tightness of her horny upthrust cunt. Gradually
 the speed of his fucking quickened. Monica's gorgeous face contorted into
 a grimace of utter ecstasy as Marty's big cock fucked her hard and fast,
 slamming her ass into the floor with every skewering thrust of his young
 prick.

    "Unnhhhggghhh, Harder! Fuck me harder, you gorgeous young bastard!"

    Monica's tight little pussy had begun to itch and burn, contracting
 uncontrollably around the pistoning shaft of his cock. The pleasure
 flowing through her loins was incredibly intense. She could have played
 with her pussy all day without ever feeling like this. There really was
 nothing in the world like hot, hard teenage cock, she thought dreamily.
 An image of her son flashed through her mind and Monica moaned in
 ecstasy, suddenly wishing it was Paul's big thick cock in her cunt
 instead of Marty's.

    Harder and harder, Marty fucked her tight, slippery pussy, panting
 into her shoulder as he drilled her throbbing cunt with long, powerful
 strokes that made her big tits shake and quiver with every thrust. His
 long cock reached the innermost depths of her pussy, probing all the way
 up to her womb. Monica humped mindlessly beneath him, fast and hard,
 tossing her head from side to side as the indescribable pleasure of
 orgasm built to a crashing climax deep in her cunt.

    "I'm gonna cum!" she gasped. her voice shaking with desire.
 "Unnggghhh! Jesus! Fuck me, you bastard, fuck my pussy! Oh, shit, oh
 fuck, fuck, fuck! Nearly there lover, nearly there! Fuck my cunt, Marty!
 Ooooohhhhh, yessss... yesssssss, I'M CUMMMMMIIINNNGGGGGG!"

    The spasms pounded through her naked body, making her asshole contract
 and her hot, pulsing pussy spew fuck-oils around the shaft of Marty's
 pounding prick. Marty kept fucking her cunt as hard as he could, gasping
 as his jism seemed to boil in his balls. Finally he came too, his jerking
 cock letting loose another load of sperm out of his aching balls, this
 time into her quivering, cumming cunt. It gushed and streamed into
 Monica's ravished pussy, deluging her spasming cunt-hole with a flood of
 hot creamy spunk.

    Monica moaned and whimpered, humping tirelessly beneath the energetic
 boy, gasping with satisfaction as the sticky load gushed into her cunt.
 It blasted deep inside her pussy, soothing the itchy walls with a coating
 of thick, slippery cream.

    Jesus I'm a horny bitch! Monica thought as she flexed her cunt-muscles
 around his deeply-imbedded cock, milking Marty's cock for all she was
 worth. There was no longer any question of her having sex with her son
 again. She would let Paul fuck her as soon as he came home from school.

    "I'm home, Mom!", Paul said cheerfully, as he walked through the front
 door that afternoon. "Guess what! Timmy got the most bitchin' deal on
 this hot set of wheels, and . . . oh, Mom!"

    "Take off your pants, Paul!" his mother panted.

    Monica was sitting up on the living room couch, still completely
 naked, wiggling her ass on the edge of the cushions as she rammed two
 long, stiff fingers into her wet, hairy pussy as fast as she could. The
 feverish fucking and sucking she'd enjoyed with young Marty Sanders
 earlier that day had just made Monica hornier. It was useless to try to
 resist her wanton need for Paul now, so she wasn't going to try. Her
 unbearable lust could only be satisfied by fucking her very own son!

    Paul walked up to the couch, his jaw dropping open as he watched his
 gorgeous, naked mother jacking herself off right in front of him. Monica
 was so far gone, she could only stare at her son's crotch, quivering with
 need as she watched his young cock growing big and hard in his tight blue
 jeans.

    "I said take off your pants, Paul," Monica panted. "I know you want to
 fuck me again, don't you? You can't do it with your pants on, baby."

    "But, Mom!... I... I thought you didn't want to...  "

    "I changed my mind," Monica interrupted, her voice trembling with
 lust. "I'm so horny, Paul. I've been thinking about you all day. Now,
 please, baby, strip for Mommy. I want you to fuck me with that big, fat
 cock of yours sooooo much!"

    Gaping at his Mom's gorgeous body, the horny youth started ripping off
 his clothes as fast as he could. Soon he was as naked as his mother, his
 long, thick teenage cock throbbing stiffly in front of him like a steel
 bar. Monica quickly leaned forward, reaching out for his prick. Then
 something made her pause as she lowered her head to suck greedily on his
 rampant young cock.

    "Why, Paul!" Monica held his throbbing cock, sniffing several times.
 Her face clouded with anger. "Your cock smells like pussy, Paul! Who have
 you been fucking besides me?"

    "No one, Mom" Paul lied, blushing as he remembered the quick fuck he'd
 enjoyed with Randy's mother, Alison, that morning before Randy woke up.

    "Don't lie to me, Paul!" Monica said harshly. "I know what pussy
 smells like." She started jacking his cock so hard it hurt. "Who did you
 fuck, Paul? I know some other horny little slut got your cock up her
 cunt, today... Who was it?!!"

    "Well, you said you weren't gonna do it with me anymore!" Paul said
 defensively. Then he lowered his eyes in embarrassment. "So Randy's
 mother did."

    "Alison Ross?" Monica sputtered indignantly. "Why, that miserable
 little whore! How dare she seduce my very own son? And you ought to be
 ashamed of yourself, Paul. How dare you fuck another woman's cunt?"

    "I'm sorry," Paul mumbled.

    "Show me how sorry you are, Paul... lick Mommy's pussy!" Monica said
 suddenly, forcing herself to release his stiff cock. "That's how I'll let
 you make it up to me. You're too old to put over my knee, so I'll make
 you lick my cunt instead."

    Paul didn't look particularly disturbed by his mother's suggested
 punishment. He smiled at his mom, licking his lips as he dropped to his
 knees in front of the couch. Monica spread her legs as wide as she could,
 planting her feet on the edges of the cushions. Her ass wiggled in
 lustful anticipation as Paul kissed his way up her naked inner thigh
 towards her juice-filled cunt.

    "Uuuuhhhhhh! That feels good, Paul. Lick it now. Lick Mommy's hot, wet
 little pussy and make me cum!"

    Paul kept kissing his way up her soft, creamy-white inner thigh, until
 his lips touched the pouty, swollen lips of his mother's fur-lined
 cunt-slit. He pressed his tongue into her gooey fuck-opening, making his
 horny mom whimper and buck her ass excitedly off the couch. Eagerly Paul
 started licking and kissing his mom's juicy pussy, hungrily lapping the
 musky-smelling fuck-juices from her tasty cunt-slit.

    "Did you like fucking that little slut Alison's pussy?" Monica asked,
 exciting herself with her own jealousy. "You liked her big tits, didn't
 you? Aren't Mommy's tits big enough for you, Paul?"

    Paul didn't answer. He was too busy licking and sucking her
 wetly-gaping pussy, his cock throbbing stiffly as he savored the taste
 and fragrance of his mother's highly-aroused cunt. Monica slid her
 fingers though her damp pussy curls, spreading her swollen cunt-lips wide
 for her son's probing tongue, giving him free access to the bright, wet
 pinkness of her inner pussy, and the swollen, pulsing bud of her clit.

    "Does Alison's pussy taste as good as mine, baby?" she panted. "I'll
 bet she hasn't got a nice, tight cunt like mine, does she, Paul? Did the
 horny slut suck your cock, too? I bet she did!"

    Paul just kept on licking hungrily, as if he were starved for the
 musky cunt-juice oozing from his mother's pussy. His tongue moved higher
 and higher up her glistening wet slit, inevitably finding her erect clit.
 Monica instantly bucked much harder, clutching her son's head with her
 free hand. Desperately she tried to hold him so that he would be forced
 to keep the pressure on her hot, throbbing clitoris.

    "Suck my clit, Paul!" she gasped, her naked body trembling with
 obscene, incestuous desire. "Oh, fuck, baby! God, I'm so horny now!
 Uuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhh, please, darling! Suck Mommy's clit!"

    Paul kept licking her sensitive little love-bud, sucking it
 momentarily, then lapping the underside with the flat of his tongue.
 Finally he took her clit between his lips and sucked it right into his
 mouth. He used just the right amount of suction, slurping on it with
 puckered cheeks, his tongue continuing to massage the underside of the
 throbbing little bud until his horny mother went crazy with pleasure.

    "Oh, fuck, Paul! Yessssss! That's it, that's right! Ooooooooohh,
 Jesus! Suck me! Suck me, you gorgeous little fuck......"

    Monica clutched her son's head with both hands, moaning and panting as
 the fuck-lust built dramatically in her loins. His mouth was working
 wonders on her clit, but she desperately needed something rammed up
 inside her hotly quivering cunthole.

    "Unnngghhh! Paul, honey! Finger-fuck me, darling! Stick your fingers
 up Mommy' cunt, baby!

    Paul straightened two fingers and thrust them eagerly into the hot,
 clasping interior of his mom's creamy cunt, fucking her aching fuck-hole
 hard and fast as he rammed his knuckles into her puffy outer cunt-lips.
 All the time, his tongue kept licking and his lips kept sucking. Monica's
 beautiful face contorted with intense pleasure as she felt herself
 starting to cum.

    "Suck me! Suck your mother!" she cried, her voice rising into a wail
 of raw lust. "Mommy's cumming, Paul! Suck me, suck me..... Oh, fuck, I'm
 cuuummmiiinnnggg!"

    Monica's pussy spasmed violently, her fuck-juices oozing onto her
 son's hand, her clit pulsing uncontrollably between his lips. Paul kept
 licking and finger-fucking his sex-starved mom, guiding her through the
 full force of her orgasm. Finally he rose from his knees, and Monica
 stared straight at his huge, throbbing cock.

    "I want to fuck you now, Mom," he panted. His face looked pained.
 "Please, my cock's so fucking stiff, it feels like it's going to start
 shooting cum all over the floor. I'm sorry I fucked Alison. Please,
 please, Mom, let me fuck your pussy now!"

    Monica's horny cunt throbbed harder than ever as she stared at her
 son's enormous cock, throbbing obscenely in front of her.

    "Alright, Paul," she whispered, so highly aroused that she was hardly
 aware of her own voice. "You did a good job of sucking my pussy. I guess
 I forgive you for letting Alison play with your cock. You can fuck me
 now, if you like."

    She twisted sideways on the couch, again lifting and spreading her
 legs as high and wide as she could. Paul stared at his mom's big, firm
 tits and then at her pink, furry fuck-hole. His cock pulsed harder than
 ever as he imagined how good her tight, slippery pussy would feel around
 his prick.

    Paul climbed onto the couch over his naked mom, his young cock jerking
 stiffly over her belly as he moved into position on top of her. Monica
 gazed down the valley between her swollen, stiff-nippled tits, excitedly
 watching her son fit his big, purple cockhead into her cunt. She watched
 enthralled as his hard young prick slid easily into her well-lubricated
 fuckhole, spreading the walls of her pussy to bursting around the
 incredible thickness of his meaty cock-shaft.

    "Ooohhhhh, God, that feels good, baby!" Monica lifted her legs even
 higher, draping her ankles over his shoulders, eagerly humping her tight
 ass up off the couch at him. "Yeahhhh, all the way in, Paul! Fuck Mommy's
 pussy good and deep with your big, hard cock!"

    Paul leaned heavily into his mom's juicy pussy, looking down too,
 watching his cock disappear into the pouting, sucking lips of her
 juice-filled twat. He kept his shoulders up on outstretched arms,
 watching his mom's big, firm tits bounce rhythmically as he started
 fucking in and out of her cunt. Monica felt her tits jiggling too, as she
 humped her ass up shamelessly to meet her son's solid pumping rhythm.

    "Fuck your mother, fuck your mother!" she chanted as her pussy sucked
 harder around his probing prick. "Faster, Paul! Oh, shit, you've got such
 a big cock, baby! It's all the way up Mommy's cunt! Uuuuuuhhhh, yesssss,
 Paul, screw me with your big, beautiful cock, lover!"

    Paul fucked his naked mom hard and fast, staring at her bouncing tits,
 groaning as her tight pussy sucked the straining stiffness of his
 pounding prick. Feverishly, Monica humped her ass to meet her boy's
 powerful strokes, grimacing with pleasure every time he rammed her pussy
 full of long, hard teenage cock.

    "Harder, Paul!" she gasped, as her cunt clasped his cock. "Paul, Mommy
 needs to cum again now! Please, Paul, please fuck the shit out of me!
 Fuck my cunt as hard as you can!"

    Paul let his elbows bend, crushing his mom's large, jiggling boobs
 under his chest. His hands slid down, clawing the sides of her asscheeks.
 Monica's ankles bounced on his shoulders as he fucked her gooey pussy as
 fast and hard as he could, pounding her ass onto the couch with every
 thrust of his cock.

    "Ooooooooohhh, shit! Fuck your mother, fuck your mother! Yes!.. yes..
 yesss... yesssssssss! I'm cumming, Paul! Jeeeessusssss! I'm gonna
 cummmm!"

    Paul fucked her as hard as he could, slamming his cock into her hot,
 hairy fuck-hole, pistoning his muscular young ass up and down like a
 machine as he sought to bring his mother off while at the same time
 pushing himself to the very edge of orgasm.

    `I'm fucking my own son!' Monica thought deliriously. `... and I love
 it!... Christ, I love sucking and fucking my very own son!' The thought
 seemed to glow through her whole body. Instantly she stared cumming, her
 spasming pussy contracting and sucking wetly, around her boy's
 madly-pounding prick.

    "Mommy's cumming, Paul!" Monica gasped. "Unngghh! Fuck your mother,
 fuck your mother! Oh, shit, baby! I'm cuuummmiiinnngggg!"

    The delicious cum pounded through her quivering loins spreading a
 lurid. shameless smile across her face as her gushing pussy sucked and
 clenched around his cock. Yet still, her son didn't blow his load inside
 her. Instead he just kept fucking her tender, clinging slot as hard and
 fast as he could, obviously within seconds of blasting her pussy full of
 jizz.

    "Take it out," Monica panted suddenly.

    "Awww, shit, Mom! I'm nearly there!"

    "No! I want you to fuck my asshole, Paul! Please! My little asshole's
 all hot and horny now! Please, baby, Mommy needs a good, hard ass-fucking
 so much!"

    The thought of again invading his mom's tight little shitter made Paul
 comply. He slid off her immediately, pulling his huge prick out of her
 tightly clasping cunt with an audible `plop'. Monica immediately twisted
 onto her belly, crushing her tits on the couch. She raised up a few
 inches on her knees and grasped her ass cheeks with her fingers, hungrily
 spreading them wide as she lewdly exposed her puckered little pink
 asshole to her son.

    "Fuck me in the ass!" Monica panted. "Come on, Paul, shove it right
 in! I don't need any lube. I'm too horny! Hurry up and fuck Mommy's
 asshole! It needs your big, fat cock, baby!"

    Paul swiftly mounted his mother's asscheeks, pressing his fat,
 cum-leaking cock-head onto her pink, hairless shitter. Monica grimaced as
 her son's cunt-slickened prick started plowing into her, spreading her
 itchy little ass almost to bursting point around the mammoth thickness of
 his young erection. His cock was really too big for her asshole, and
 there was some pain as Paul forced his huge cock into her bowels. But
 Monica was too horny to care. All day long her little ass-ring had been
 nearly as hot and horny as her pussy. The slight pain was easy to ignore.
 His giant fuck-tool felt incredibly good plowing into her itchy asshole.

    "Unnnngghhhhhh, God! All the way, baby! Ram that big fucker in deep!"

    Monica sprawled submissively beneath him, groaning and whimpering as
 her well-hung son fucked his cock deeper and deeper between her blushing
 asscheeks. Her hand thrust under her belly and she shoved two fingers up
 her creamy pussy-slit, frantically stabbing her fingers in and out of her
 pussy as her son's cock probed the depths of her ass.

    "Oh, Jesus! I love your asshole, Mom! Unnnnnghhh, fuck that's
 tight!... "

    Paul grunted and lunged down, ramming the last few inches of his
 rock-hard cock into the sucking tightness of his mother's hot, buttery
 shit-hole. Monica finger-fucked her pussy as fast as she could as she
 felt her tight, muscular ass-ring grip the fat root of her son's prick.

    "Now, fuck my asshole!" she moaned, her voice a pleading whimper.
 "Fuck Mommmmmy's asshole... ohhhhhh, I'm so horny... oh, fuck, make me
 cum again, Paul.... pleeeeease, baby!"

    Paul started stroking his cock in and out of his mother's tight,
 slippery asshole, panting loudly with the effort as he drilled her
 deeply. Monica felt her tender little shitter loosening slightly, just
 enough so that her boy could really piston his cock into her snug little
 asshole. Paul ass-fucked his mom faster and deeper, shuddering as a
 mighty load of sperm built steadily in his aching young balls.

    "Oh, fuck, that's good!" Monica gasped. She caught her clit under her
 fingertip and rolled it wildly, writhing and moaning as her asshole
 spasmed around her son's pumping prick. "Fuck my brains out, lover! Unh
 unh, fuck Mommy's asshole! Harder, Paul, harder! Oh, fuck, oh, shit...
 God, I need to cum!"

    Paul drilled his naked mom's horny, sucking asshole as hard as he
 could, spearing his cock relentlessly between her plump little asscheeks.
 The pleasure built steadily in her ass and pussy, and then Monica felt
 herself starting to cum.

    "Uuuuuuuuuuhhhhh, fuuuuuuuccccckkk! I'm cumming again!" She humped her
 ass in a delirium of passion, trying to make Paul ram his cock even
 deeper up her asshole. "Fuck Mommy's butt... fuck my hot little shithole!
 I'm cumming, cuuummmiiinnngggg!"

    Monica's asshole sucked and throbbed, clenching around the driving
 stiffness of her son's huge prick. With a loud primal shout, Paul
 collapsed on his mother's blushing ass, ramming his cock to the hilt
 inside her tightly-stretched rectum as an incredible flood of jism
 sprayed up from his balls, making his prick throb and buck as he filled
 his mom's tender asshole with a load of hot, scalding cum.

    "Oooooooooooooh, Paul!"

    Monica squirmed and wiggled happily beneath him, feeling his sticky
 sperm coating the rubbery walls of her asshole. Shamelessly, she flexed
 her shitting muscles around his gushing cock, helping her boy drain his
 balls of jism. But already another thought was in the back of her mind...
 she was going to have a nice, long talk with Alison Ross. There was no
 way that Monica was going to give that big-titted slut another chance to
 touch Paul's cock. After today, Monica wouldn't be sharing her son's
 wonderful young prick with anybody!!

    Monica hesitated outside the front door of Alison's home late the next
 afternoon, working her beautiful face into its sternest frown. It was a
 hot day, and for that reason she couldn't wear the modest, bulky clothes
 she would ordinarily have considered appropriate for the occasion. The
 size of her huge tits was amply displayed by her t-shirt, and her gym
 shorts, though modestly cut, still clung to her ass and revealed her
 long, tapering legs.

    I hope this doesn't give Alison the wrong idea, Monica thought,
 glancing down at her outfit as she knocked firmly on the door. Well, it
 was hardly her fault that her body looked so sexy in summer clothes. She
 was still going to give Alison Ross the lecture of her life. Monica
 looked up as the door swung open, finding herself staring not at Alison,
 but at Alison's young son, Randy.

    "Hello, Randy," she said, in an icy voice. "Is your mother here? I'd
 like to have a few words with her."

    "She went shopping. I don't know when she'll be back." Randy was
 staring at her, his eyes darting from her face to her incredible body.
 "Ummm... you can stick around and wait for her, if you want, she
 shouldn't be too much longer."

    Monica hesitated. She thought of going home, then realized that it
 would be too much trouble to psyche herself up again. Besides she was
 here now and she wasn't going to leave until she'd given that slut Alison
 a piece of her mind.

    "All right, Randy," she said stiffly. "I will wait. Thank you very
 much."

    Randy led her into the living room. He was also dressed for the
 weather, bare-chested, in denim cut-offs that clung to his firm, muscular
 ass. Monica blushed, feeling her cunt getting wet as she sat on the sofa.
 Just about any cute, male body seemed to make her horny since she'd
 started fucking her son, and young Randy certainly had a cute body.

    "You want some Lemonade, Mrs Walsh?"

    "All right, Randy. Thank you."

    Randy returned from the kitchen a minute later with two glasses.
 Something was moving behind his zipper, and Monica felt her pussy getting
 juicier as she realized that Randy wore no underwear. It was his cock,
 swinging as he moved. Maybe he had a nice big one. Monica wiggled her
 horny ass on the cushion. smiling politely as Randy handed her the drink
 and sat down beside her.

    "What'd you want to talk to Mom about?"

    "It's personal," Monica said icily. "I'd prefer not to discuss it
 right now."

    Randy shrugged sheepishly, then turned sideways on the couch, bracing
 his lower back on the padded armrest. Monica wondered why he'd changed
 position, until she saw how his eyes were devouring her body. Alison's
 son was staring at her legs and tits as openly as if he were looking at a
 centerfold. Monica's cheeks flushed. She started to get angry. The boy's
 mother was a complete whore... no wonder her son didn't know enough not
 to gape at a woman like some kind of horny animal.

    "Randy," Monica said tersely. "Why are you staring at me like that?"

    "Uh... sorry! " Randy's face reddened as he tore his eyes up to her
 face. "I didn't know I was being that obvious."

    "I don't see how you could have been any more blatant about it,"
 Monica replied, enjoying her answer. "Doesn't your mother teach you not
 to stare at a woman like some kind of dog? The way you're looking at me,
 it's a wonder you don't start humping my leg."

    "Sorry," Randy mumbled sheepishly.

    "I think you ought to learn how to keep your dirty little eyes to your
 own business. It's a hot day. That's why I'm dressed like this. I happen
 to be old enough to be your mother. Just because I dress like this,
 doesn't mean that I..."

    Then her words trailed off abruptly as she happened to glance down at
 Randy's crotch. As embarrassed and guilty as he obviously felt, the boy
 was still sitting there with an absolutely enormous hard-on sticking out
 of his shorts. Sticking out, literally! Monica's eyes bulged as she saw
 his meaty cock-knob had popped out of the leg of his pants, pulsing naked
 and obscene against his hard, muscular young thigh.

    Monica gasped, opening her mouth to tell him to stuff his filthy penis
 back into his shorts where it belonged. Then she stopped. Her pussy was
 simply dripping wet now, throbbing so hard that she could barely sit
 still on the couch. And what better revenge could she take on Alison Ross
 than fucking the horny slut's own son?

    "Ummmm, Randy, dear" Monica said, with a bitchy smile. "Do you always
 wear shorts that let your stiff cock stick out like that?"

     Randy gasped, looking down at himself, immediately trying to stuff
 his hard-on back into his cut-offs. But Monica slid across the couch next
 to him before he could do it. Randy's eyes opened as wide as saucers as
 the gorgeous blonde mother pushed his hand aside, and lewdly fondled the
 pulsing knob of his prick.

    "My, my, my! For a boy your age, you've really got a big one, haven't
 you, Randy? " she purred. "Did this big ol' thing get all stiff and hard
 from looking at me?"

    Randy just stared at her and nodded silently, his eyes alternating
 between her tits and crotch. Monica spread her legs to give the boy a
 better look between her gorgeous long legs. His stiff young cock felt so
 big and hard as she squeezed and rubbed it lovingly. A good five or six
 inches now protruded obscenely out from the leg of Randy's tight shorts,
 and Monica suddenly had a desperate urge to suck the delicious-looking
 cock.

    She slid off the couch, kneeling in front of him and calmly spreading
 the boy's legs apart. Randy swallowed hard as she swiftly yanked his
 shorts all the way down off his feet, letting his hard-on spring free and
 throb up to slap stiffly against his stomach.

    "Ohhhh, Randy!" Monica murmured huskily. "I bet all the little girls
 at school just love you honey!"

    Randy sprawled back on the couch, his long, stiff prick throbbing and
 jerking with a life of its own, the dilated hole at the tip leaking out
 little clear droplets of pre-cum. Monica wrapped her fingers around the
 boy's cock-shaft and started jacking it fast, smiling lewdly as more
 cum-juice oozed out of his rock-hard prick.

    "Randy, what would your mother think if she walked in and caught me
 sucking this big cock of yours?" Monica whispered.

    "She wouldn't care," Randy moaned.

    "She wouldn't care?" Monica raised her eyebrows. "Well, I guess that's
 not surprising. I'll bet you didn't know that that horny mother of yours
 fucked my son! What do you think of that, hmmm? She didn't care how old
 he was! Your mother just wanted his hard prick up her slutty little
 snatch!"

    "I don't care either," Randy said, sighing as her pumping fist
 massaged his huge prick. "Shit, she fuckin' told me!"

    "She told you?"

    But Monica didn't have a chance to think any longer. Suddenly the
 horny naked boy grabbed her head, pulling it down forcibly onto his
 straining cock. Monica opened her lips automatically. The next thing she
 knew, her mouth was jammed full of the hard, pulsing stiffness of Randy's
 young prick.

    "Ummmmm," Monica moaned.

    Immediately she forgot what they'd been talking about. The boy's cock
 was so long and thick, and it was pulsing so hard on the roof of her
 mouth. His cock-juice bubbled and oozed out of his piss-hole, and
 Monica's mouth drooled over the salty, musky taste as she lapped it up
 with her tongue. In fact, Randy's prick tasted nearly as good as her own
 son's!

    Monica shut her eyes, abandoning herself to the intense pleasure of
 having the boy's man-sized cock fill her mouth. She flared her nostrils
 for air, panting through her nose, then shamelessly started sucking
 Randy's young prick extremely hard.

    "Oh, shiiiit!" Randy moaned. He pulled her long, golden blonde hair
 lightly, humping his hips excitedly off the couch. "Feels good, Mrs.
 Walsh! Unnggghhh! Yeahhhh! Suck it! Ohhhhhh, shit, your body made me so
 horny! Suck me off, Mrs Walsh! Let me cum in your mouth and I'll do
 anything you want! Uuuuuhhhhhnnghhhh! Fuck!"

    Monica slurped and slobbered and sucked, shamelessly relishing the
 meaty, pulsing stiffness of Randy's big prick. Her fist clung tightly to
 the root of his glistening shaft, jacking it hard and fast, urgently
 beating his cock up into her hotly sucking lips. Harder and harder, she
 sucked his gorgeous young prick, until the whole living room filled with
 the wet, gurgling sounds of her wanton cock-sucking. Randy sighed and
 moaned as the horny mom bobbed her face on his crotch, fucking her lips
 with his big, saliva-coated fuckrod.

    "Make me cum!" he moaned, his voice quivering with frustrated
 adolescent passion. "Oh shit, suck it just like that! Uuuuhhh, yeahhhh!
 Take it all, Mrs Walsh! Suck me off! Make me cum down your hot fuckin'
 throat!"

    Excited by the young boy's disgustingly graphic language, Monica
 sucked him even harder, her cheeks reddening with the effort as they
 puckered sharply around his cock. Her tiny fist was a blur as it whipped
 up and down Randy's aching prick, trying to coax his cum to fountain out
 of his nuts and into her eagerly sucking mouth. Monica lapped and swirled
 her tongue around his swollen cockhead, slurping up all the tasty juice
 that oozed out.

    "Jesus! Yessss! Fuck! I'm gonna cum!", shouted Randy and bucked his
 ass wildly, nearly choking her as he jammed his cock down her throat.
 "Suck my cock, bitch, suck my fucking dick! Uhnnnnghhhh! Shit! I'm
 cumming! Ahhh! Ahhhh...Uuuuuuuuhhhhhhhhhhhh...hhhhh..hhhh! "

    The boy's cock exploded into her mouth, spraying a huge load of rich,
 sticky jism down the cocksucking woman's throat. The salty cream blasted
 across her tongue, bathing her tonsils with jism. Hungrily the horny
 mother sucked his gushing prick and swallowed his cum, wildly beating his
 squirting prick, slurping and sucking until she'd cleaned the last traces
 of teenage sperm from his bloated prickhead.

    "Ummm, Randy, that was really a big one," she purred, as she slid her
 wet mouth off his still-throbbing cock. "Do you always shoot out that
 much spunk when you cum? Or is this a special occasion?"

    "Special occasion!", Randy panted.

    "Then let's see if you can shoot another wad just like it," Monica
 purred sexily. She rose to her feet, her whole body trembling with the
 wet need throbbing in her saturated cunt. "You like looking at my body,
 don't you, Randy? Would you like me to take my clothes off, so you can
 get a better look?"

    Randy nodded eagerly.

    Monica stepped out of her sandals, then wiggled her t-shirt up over
 the swell of her tits, over her shoulders, leaving herself naked except
 for her shorts and bra. Her large, firm, creamy tits filled the cups of
 her brassiere to bursting. Monica smirked at the look on the naked boy's
 face as she undid the front clasp. Her huge tits jiggled out of
 confinement, capped with fat, red, suckable nipples. Monica dropped the
 bra to the floor, smiling down at Randy's huge, saliva-coated cock.
 Despite the load of sperm he'd just squirted in her mouth, the boy's cock
 seemed even stiffer than ever!

    "I guess you want to see my pussy now, don't you, honey?"

    Randy just stared at her gorgeous naked tits and nodded.

    Monica hooked her fingers under the elastic hem of her shorts,
 wiggling them over her pert little ass, then down her long, sleek tanned
 legs. Completely naked, she stood in front of the couch. Her furry blonde
 pussy was obviously dripping wet, the juice shining on the lips of her
 pink, pouting cuntlips.

    "Now let's just see if that big, fat fucker feels as big in my pussy
 as it did in my mouth..."

    Bracing herself with her hands on his shoulders, Monica mounted him,
 planting her knees on the couch either side of the boy's lean hips. Randy
 looked up at her in wonder, he couldn't believe that this gorgeous, naked
 woman was going to let him fuck her. His cock jerked in her hand as
 Monica directed the cocktip into the entrance of her hot, creamy
 pussy-slit and lowered her hips.

    "Uhhhhhhhh!"

    "Ummmmmmmmmm!"

    Both of them moaned as Randy's huge prick slid into Monica's hot,
 gooey cunt. She was a lot tighter than his mother, yet his cock seemed to
 have to no difficulty whatsoever in penetrating her furry, blonde twat to
 the balls.

    "Oooh, Randy!", gasped Monica, grinding her cunt down over the boy's
 upthrust pole. "Come on, fuck me, honey! Fuck me good!"

    Monica clutched his shoulders and wiggled her ass in a downward
 spiral, grimacing with delight as Randy's huge cock stretched her tight,
 little-used cunt wide open.

    "Squeeze my ass, Randy! Oh, fuck, your cock's going in deep! Uhhhh,
 yeahhhh! Now, I want you to fuck me, Randy! Fuck my tight little pussy
 just as hard as you can!"

    Monica began to hump her hips up and down, squealing with pleasure as
 she forced his rigid young prick into her hot, clinging cunt to the hilt.
 At first she wiggled her cock-filled pussy on the base of his shaft,
 enjoying the feel of his hard pubic bone grinding against her clit, but
 the need for a deep, pounding fuck soon got the better of her. Within
 seconds Monica started humping the boy in a fast, furious rhythm, her
 huge tits jiggling in front of his chest as her wet, clinging pussy slid
 up and down his cock like a tight, gooey fist.

    "Fuck me, Randy!", she screamed, "Uuuuhhhhhh, yeahhhh! Fuck me with
 that big, fat cock, kid!" Harder and harder, she bucked her ass, hearing
 her drippy cunt squishing and slurping audibly around the boy's thick,
 swollen cockshaft. "God, I'm so wet!... Fuck it for me, honey!... Fuck my
 cunt good!"

    Randy clutched her madly-humping asscheeks, kneading and massaging the
 succulent globes. Feverishly, he humped off the couch, spearing his young
 cock in and out of the bucking mom's hot, clasping cunt.

    "Unnghhh! Harder, Randy, harder! Fuck my cunt as hard as you can!"

    Randy did as she asked, clawing her gyrating ass hard enough to leave
 red welts on her tender creamy ass-flesh, pounding his cockshaft up into
 the squealing woman's cunt with deep, powerful thrusts. Monica humped
 furiously, meeting the boy's every stroke. Soon they were pounding in
 unison, groaning and gasping together, lost in the indescribable pleasure
 of a hot, energetic soul-fuck.

    "Ooohhh, Jesus! I'm gonna cum!" Monica gasped. She clutched his broad
 young shoulders and humped her ass in a frenzy, slamming her cunt down
 again and again on the root of his cock. "Fuck me! Fuck me hard, you
 gorgeous little bastard! I'm cumming. Randy! Ahhh, fuck... I'm
 cummmmmming! Ohhhhhh, cumming so gooooooood! Uuuuunnngggghhhhhhhhh!!!"

    Her spasming pussy gushed juice onto his cock, rippling in a delicious
 wave of contractions around the deeply hammering length of his young prick.
 Randy clutched her tight ass and kept nailing her cunt brutally, guiding
 her through the whole force of her orgasm.

    "Ohhhh, God, that was good!" Monica panted. She kissed him lovingly,
 giggling as she wiggled her hot, quivering cunt-slit on the root of his
 still-hard cock. "Ummmmmmmm, Randy! You didn't cum! I guess you better
 keep on fucking me, baby! You'll get blue balls if I don't make you shoot
 your load pretty soon."

    "No way! He has to save that for me," a female voice sounded behind
 them.

    Monica squealed in surprise as she turned her head. Then her mouth
 dropped open with the shock of her life. Alison Walsh had just entered
 the living room, and Monica's son Paul was right behind her.

    "W... wh... what are you doing here? Monica sputtered, her face
 reddening as she glanced nervously back and forth between Alison and her
 wide-eyed son.

    "Well, in case you've forgotten, I happen to live here," Alison
 giggled, stepping up to the fucking couple on the couch.

    Monica's cheeks grew even redder with embarrassment and guilt as she
 realized her position. Caught red-handed, so to speak, in Alison Ross'
 living room, with her son, Randy's cock, buried to the hilt in her cunt.

    "Do you like my son's cock, Monica?", Alison purred. Shamelessly, she
 stroked Monica's asscheeks, making the blonde mom shudder as she dipped
 her hand lower, feeling where Randy's cock disappeared in Monica's gooey
 cunt. "Mmmmmmmm, that's in tight! He sure does have a big one, doesn't
 he? I guess I can't blame you for fucking my son while you waited for me
 to get home. What was it you wanted to see me about, Monica?"

    Monica was too shocked and frightened to answer, but she squealed as
 Alison suddenly knelt to spread her asscheeks apart, exposing Monica's
 pink, puckered shitter.

    "My, my, my!" Alison purred, glancing over at Paul. "Your mother
 certainly does have a pretty little asshole. doesn't she? Tell me, Paul,
 honey, which do you like fucking better, your mother's asshole or your
 mother's cunt?"

    "Why, how dare you!" Monica sputtered. her cheeks flushing crimson.
 "How on earth can you say such a terrible thing about Paul and..."

    "Because Paul told me," Alison purred. "I made him tell me, Monica. I
 picked Paul up on his way home from school today. I wouldn't let him fuck
 me until he told me all about you. But I would have figured it out
 eventually. I had an awfully strong suspicion that you were really a
 horny bitch underneath."

    Monica looked at Paul, and the look on her son's face told her it was
 true. He had told Alison everything. Oh, this is awful! Monica thought
 miserably. Horrible visions of prison cells and newspaper headlines
 danced before her eyes. Alison would tell everyone. The whole world would
 know that she'd had sex with her own son.

    "You don't have to be worried, Monica," Alison purred. "Haven't you
 guessed by now? Randy fucks me too!"

    Without waiting for a reply, Alison suddenly lowered her head to
 Monica's naked ass, making her shriek as she felt something hot and moist
 on her asshole. It was Alison's tongue! Helplessly, Monica wiggled on
 Randy's prick, trying to pull away from the hot, wet tongue lapping at
 her rubbery, anal sphincter.

    "Noooo, stop it!" she squealed. But her wriggling motions just made
 her pussy suck more juicily around Randy's cock. "How can you do this?
 Don't lick my asshole... noooo!"

    "There!.... Now it's nice and wet!" Alison lifted her head, licking
 her lips, seeming to enjoy the taste of Monica's asshole on her tongue.
 "You can fuck your mother's asshole now, Paul. Go ahead, honey. You've
 told me yourself how much your mom loves a big, hard cock up-her ass!"

    Monica squealed in dismay, looking desperately at her young son. Then
 she saw that Paul had already stripped off all his clothes. The boy's
 huge prick throbbed before him as he crossed the the room, grinning
 lewdly at the thought of invading his mom's tight, hot asshole in front
 of Alison and Randy. Monica just stared at her son with disbelief as Paul
 held his cock in his fist, aiming the fat, swollen tip at his mother's
 lewdly-exposed asshole.

    "No, Paul!" Monica whispered, trying to meet his eyes. "No, don't fuck
 Mommy's asshole like this... not here... not with everyone watching."

    "Come on, Mom! You're gonna love it," Paul whispered. "Twist her
 around, Randy!"

    Randy moved beneath the naked blonde, and lay sprawled on his back
 length-wise along the couch, his huge cock still buried in her cunt.
 Then, with a big grin he reached around and grasped Monica's asscheeks,
 spreading them wide for his friend. Paul joined them on the sofa,
 mounting his mother's ass, pressing the tip of his cock onto her
 tightly-puckered little shitter.

    "Unnggghhhh! Oh, Paul! Please, not while they're watching! Please
 don't fuck Mommy's asshole now, honey! Oh, Paul . . . unnggghhh . . . oh,
 fuck, Paul . . . unnnggghhh!"

    Paul was already screwing his cock into his mother's tight anal grip,
 grunting as he plowed inch after inch of his prick into her hot, rubbery
 hole. Alison stood beside the couch and rapidly stripped off her clothes,
 moaning with excitement as she watched her young schoolboy lover shove
 his huge cock deep into his mother's squirming, resisting ass.

    Monica moaned and whimpered, grinding her pussy down onto Randy's
 cock. Paul's hard-on was halfway up her asshole now. God, she couldn't
 believe it was actually happening... she was taking two big, stiff pricks
 at the same time! Suddenly Monica felt herself succumbing to the most
 intense pleasure of her life. Their cocks felt so hug... so long... so
 GOOD!. Only a thin, fleshy membrane separated the cock in her pussy from
 the cock in her asshole, and now that membrane felt stretched to bursting
 by the combined size and thickness of their hard young pricks.

    Her pussy was sucking and contracting around Randy's prick, and now
 her puckered little asshole was throbbing too, lewdly gripping her own
 son's cock. Despite her previous objections, Monica had never felt such
 intense pleasure in all her life!

    "Feels good, doesn't it?" Alison whispered. The brunette mom was now
 squatting on the floor beside them, excitedly fingering her own pussy as
 she watched Monica getting double-fucked. "Yeahhhh, that's it! Ram that
 big cock up your Mommy's asshole, Paul! Fuck her, hard, baby! I bet your
 mother loves getting her asshole fucked REAL hard!"

    "I do! I dooooo!" Monica squealed.

    Suddenly she started humping furiously on the two deeply impaled
 cocks, grinding her pussy down onto Randy's with one stroke, then
 thrusting her itchy-asshole back onto Paul's the next.

    "Uhhhhhhh, yeahhhh! Fuck Mommy's asshole, Paul!" she groaned. "Yes,
 yes, fuck it in deep, baby! Ooohhhh, God, I can't staaaand it! All the
 way up Mommy's asshole, Paul! Come on, Randy, keep fucking my cunt!"

    But Randy didn't move. Instead, Alison's son lay still, giving his
 friend a chance to drive his huge cock all the way into her tightly
 clinging rectal sheath. Monica moaned in intense pleasure as her son
 fucked her asshole brutally, slamming his young prick into her so hard
 that Randy's cock was almost forced out of her cunt.

    "Ohhhh, Jesus! Fuck my pussy, fuck my asshole!" Monica's face was
 contorted with passion, her gorgeous, naked body writhing in a frenzy of
 lust. "Yesssss! Both of you, fuck me... fuck meeee! Oh, shit, I'm gonna
 cum so hard!"

    Paul commenced a long, deep pounding rhythm, grunting loudly with the
 effort as he speared his huge cock in and out of Monica's ass. He was
 extremely excited.... fucking his own mother in front of Alison was such
 a turn-on, and double-fucking her with Randy was totally wild! It was
 actually a bit painful at first, because his mom's tight clinging asshole
 was ungreased. However the harder he pushed the more excited he got and
 soon, the pre-cum oozing heavily from the tip of his cock lubed up his
 mom's asshole with spunk, making it easy for him to ram his huge cock in
 and out of her tightly-clasping anus.

    "Oh, shit, that's good!" Randy panted. He started fucking her too,
 matching Paul's rhythm stroke for stroke, stuffing Monica's cunt every
 time Paul rammed into her ass.

    "Ohhhhhhhh, fuck!" Monica groaned. She felt helpless now as the two
 virile young boys fucked into her body, writhing and bucking with
 pleasure as her pussy and asshole spasmed around their twin stroking
 pricks. "It's so good! I can't believe how good it feels! Fuck me harder!
 Oooooooooooh come on, both of you, fuck me as hard as you can!"

    Randy picked up the pace first, ramming his huge cock furiously in and
 out of Monica's bouncing pussy. Paul soon caught up with his friend's
 rhythm, grunting as he hammered his throbbing young prick into his mom's
 tightly-stretched little asshole. Now Monica's whole body ached in
 anticipation of her rapidly-approaching orgasm. She squealed and writhed,
 whipping her asscheeks up and down... back and forth... fucking the boys
 as hard as she could.

    "Fuck my cunt, fuck my horny cunt!" she cried. "Fuck Mommy's asshole,
 Paul! Harder, baby, Mommy needs it! Oh, fuck, I'm gonna cumm now! Fuck
 me! Ouuuuuuuuhhhhh, God, fuck me! I'm cummmmmmmmmmiiinnngg!"

    It was the most intense climax that Monica had ever had in her entire
 life. For over a minute the powerful spasms throbbed through her naked
 body, causing her pussy to contract wildly around Randy's deeply plowing
 prick. Her asshole squeezed Paul's cock like a fist, trying to him dry as
 her horny young son kept on fucking her ass like a demon.

    Dots of color flashed before Monica's eyes as she hovered on the edge
 of unconsciousness. She slumped on top of Randy, feeling his hard young
 cock still bucking and jerking inside her cunt as Paul emptied his balls
 up her ass. Finally the ecstasy subsided, and Monica lay still,
 sandwiched by the two horny, panting boys.

    "All right," Alison moaned, taking her hand from her drippy pussy.
 "Now it's my turn!"

    Paul pulled his cock out of his mother's asshole, his massive prick
 dripping milky cock-juice from the tip. Exhausted but satisfied, Monica
 rolled off Randy's cock and slid to the floor. Alison stepped over
 Monica, staring greedily at her son's cock. Randy's glistening prick
 looked stiffer than ever, throbbing over his flat, muscled belly, soaked
 with the tasty juice that had oozed out of Monica's cunt.

    "Oooooooh darling, your cock looks so delicious!" Alison purred,
 leaning over her son. "Mommy just has to give it a little suck first!"

    Monica and Paul watched as Alison sucked her boy's hard-on, slurping
 feverishly on the swollen stiffness of his cockshaft. Randy just groaned
 with pleasure, his erection swelling even bigger in his mom's
 cock-sucking mouth. Alison was always eager to swallow her boy's jism,
 but she knew she didn't want him to shoot off in her mouth this time. She
 popped her lips off his prick, then climbed onto the couch to mount him,
 planting her knees on the cushions either side of young Randy's hips.

    "Come on! Fuck me, Randy," she moaned, reaching between her thighs to
 grasp his rigid prick. "Fuck your mother... "

    Her words faded to a wanton moan as Alison rubbed her son's cockhead
 up and down her wet, hairy cuntslit, then popped it into her gooey
 fuckhole. She had become so aroused watching the boys double-fuck Monica
 that she was going to go crazy if she didn't cum soon. Alison leaned
 forward, her big firm tits, jiggling lewdly over her son's face as she
 braced her hands on his chest. Then Alison eagerly started wiggling and
 humping, groaning as she slid her tight, creamy pussy down onto the
 satisfying stiffness of her son's huge prick.

    "Ohhhhh, Randy, it's so big and hard!" she gasped. "It's going all the
 way in, honey. Ummmm, darling, do you still love my pussy? Is my cunt as
 nice to fuck as Monica's? Am I just as tight, baby!???"

    Randy nodded eagerly, lifting his hips up and moaning as his mom's
 hot, clasping twat slid all the way down over his prick. Alison sprawled
 forward, crushing her tits on Randy's hairless young chest, at the same
 time shamelessly grinding her cunt down onto her son's deeply-impaling
 cock. With a smile of pure pleasure on her pretty face, Alison turned her
 head, staring eagerly at Paul's prick.

    Randy knew what his mother wanted. He reached behind her and grasped
 her gorgeous ass-cheeks, spreading them wide, opening his mother's
 asshole for his friend's stiff cock.

    "Fuck my asshole, Paul!" Alison pleaded, bouncing her pussy up and
 down on Randy's prick. "It's all swollen and horny for you. Come on,
 Paul, fuck my asshole just like you fucked your mother's! Hurry, Paul!"

    Paul climbed back onto the couch, almost falling over himself in his
 eagerness to fuck two hot, clinging assholes in a row. Sprawled on the
 floor, Monica felt her pussy beginning to itch again as she watched her
 son getting ready to fuck another woman up the ass. She could hardly
 believe all this was happening. Getting double-fucked by Randy and Paul,
 then watching as another woman helped herself to her son's prick. It was
 all to much!

    "Come on, Paul! Fuck my asshole, baby!" Alison cried impatiently.

    Paul mounted the naked mom, pressing his cum-oozing cockhead onto her
 rubbery, puckered shit-opening. Alison shuddered with intense pleasure as
 her asshole stretched open to receive his cock. In and in and in, he
 pushed, stuffing the woman's tender asshole to bursting around the long,
 hard thickness of his young cock.

    Suddenly Randy's cock felt twice as huge in her pussy, throbbing all
 the way up to her womb. It felt so good, that Alison started humping up
 and down on her son's erection before Paul even had half of his prick
 inside her ass.

    "Fuck me, you horny little bastards! " she squealed. Her asscheeks
 gyrated faster and faster, trying to make both of their huge cocks pound
 into her body at the same time. "Oh, shit, Randy, ram that gorgeous big
 cock up Mommy's pussy!.... Uuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhh! God! Harder, Paul! Fuck my
 asshole! Your cock feels so good up my ass, honey! Oh, my God, you two
 are really gonna make me cum!!"

    Randy grunted as he worked his ass in a circle, screwing deeper and
 deeper into the tight clasping wetness of his mom's insatiable pussy.
 Double-fucking Mrs Walsh had been great, but doing the same to his
 gorgeous mom was fuckin' unbelievable!

    Paul lay still for several seconds, gasping as Alison's ass-muscles
 quivered juicily around his cock. Then he flexed his asscheeks and
 started fucking her tight little shithole forcefully, slamming his eager
 young prick in and out between Alison's blushing buns.

    "Uhhhhhh yes, Paul! Shove that big fucker up my asshole!" Alison
 gasped, her face contorted with raw lust. Not even her first torrid fuck
 with her son had been as intensely arousing as this. "You to, Randy, keep
 fucking Mommy's pussy, baby!.. God, I love this!!!"

    Alison was humping as fast as she could, hungrily trying to make her
 twin fuck-holes swallow both the boy's cocks at the same time. Paul
 fucked faster, moaning loudly as the horny woman's tight, clinging
 asshole repeatedly sucked and squeezed his prick.

    Shuddering beneath her as the cum-load built in his balls, Randy
 started fucking his mom's pussy as fast as he could too, and it wasn't
 long before both boys were fucking Alison as fast as they could, moving
 in unison, ramming their huge cocks up her pussy and asshole at the same
 time.

    "Unnnghhhh! Shit! Fuck my cunt... fuck my asshole!" Alison screamed,
 her slender frame shuddering under the powerful blows.

    Her whole body seemed to throb in unison with her cunt and ass, her
 twin fuck-holes spasming uncontrollably, around the two deeply pounding
 pricks. Her face was very red, flushed almost crimson. The sweat poured
 off Alison's nakedness as she humped and bucked and fucked her two young
 lovers as fast as she could.

    "Yessss, fuck the slut! Fuck her good!" Monica whispered. She was
 sprawled on the floor, feverishly finger-fucking herself as she watched
 Randy and her son double-fuck Alison on the couch. Her eyes were on the
 other woman's tightly-stretched holes as the boy's huge cocks pounded
 Alison's juicy cunt and asshole into a frothy mess.

    "Ummmmmmmmmm!! I'm gonna cummmmmm!" Alison gasped. "Faster, faster,
 faster! I'm gonna cum now! Oh, shit, fuck me faster! Fuck me haaaard!"

    Paul and Randy started ramming into Alison's shuddering body even
 harder, making the couch casters skitter obscenely on the floor with the
 fury of their rhythm. Alison shut her eyes, fighting not to pass out as
 she came in a series of spasms that wracked her slender naked body with
 incredible force. Her tightly-stretched pussy contracted rhythmically
 around her son's cock, squeezing him like a vice, even as her asshole
 sucked and clenched around Paul's deeply-pounding prick.

    "I'm cummmmmmmming" she cried. "Oh, Jesus... fuck me! Fuck me, I'm...
 Ohhh! Ooohh! Ooooooh, ohhh, ohhhhh, Godddddddddddd! Unnnghhhhhhhh!!!!"

    The intense climax pounded through every inch of Alison's body, making
 her pussy ripple around her son's cock, and her asshole grip the driving
 stiffness of Paul's deeply plowing pole. Both boys kept fucking her
 wildly, fighting to keep the cum pent up in their balls. For nearly a
 minute straight, Alison humped and writhed in the throes of orgasm, until
 the intense pleasure finally faded from her loins.

    "No! Don't you dare cum in her!" a voice said from the door.

    Monica was the first to turn her head to look. The door was open, and
 standing there, grinning broadly, was Kate Sanders and her son, Marty.

    "Having fun?", Kate asked.

    Monica and Alison shared a long, fearful glance as Kate walked calmly
 across the living-room to stand beside the couch. She glanced back at
 Marty, who still stood in the doorway with his mouth hanging open, unable
 to comprehend the sight before him. Kate giggled again and wagged her
 finger accusingly at Alison.

    "You know, Alison," Kate laughed, "you really should pay your tutoring
 bill on time, if you don't want people barging in on you when you're
 having an orgy. It's been at least five weeks since you sent me a cheque
 for all those lessons I've given Randy. Marty and I were on our way home
 from the supermarket and I decided that I'd better drop in and get you to
 pay up. Of course, I had no way of knowing I'd catch the four of you
 doing something like this!"

    "Please don't tell," Monica heard herself whisper. "We'll... we'll get
 in such awful trouble. Please don't... "

    Kate smiled.

    "Oh, don't be silly, Monica! Why would I tell on you when it would be
 so much more fun to join in?", grinned Kate, leering at them. "Now boys,
 don't you dare shoot your cum in her. I want you to save that little
 present for me.... Just like your moms, I've never been double-fucked
 before, but I've been simply dying to see what it's like!"

    A slow, leering grin spread across Paul's face. Holy, Shit! Three in
 one day! There really WAS a god, he thought. He rose from the couch
 pulling his still-erect cock out of Alison's twitching asshole. Kate
 licked her lips as she stared at Paul's enormous cock. Then she threw a
 torrid glance over her shoulder at Marty.

    "What're you waiting for, baby?" Kate purred. "You don't think Mommy's
 going to have all this fun without letting you join in too, do you?"

    Marty grinned and started to strip, eager to fuck his gorgeous mother
 again, no matter who else was present. Alison rolled off her son's cock
 with a wet slurp, joining Monica on the floor. Then squealed in surprise
 as Monica suddenly pushed her onto her back, moving down to push her head
 eagerly between Alison's legs.

    Monica had never sucked another woman's pussy before, but this seemed
 as good a time as any to try. All her guilt and shame seemed to have
 evaporated. Monica just knew that she wanted to keep on sucking and
 fucking all day and all night.

    "Ooooh, Randy, baaaaaby!" Kate mewled, stepping closer to the couch.
 "Your cock looks so big today!"

    Then Kate started stripping too. A minute later the petite, freckled
 redhead was naked, her full, round tits jiggling as she joined Randy on
 the couch. Standing behind them, Paul stroked his huge cock in
 anticipation of invading his third tight juicy asshole in a row. By then
 Marty was naked too.

    "Let's see if it feels as big as it looks, Randy!"

    Planting her knees on the cushions to either side of his hips, Kate
 reached between her slender thighs to grasp Randy's huge prick. She
 moaned as she rubbed his cockhead up and down her wet, curly-haired slit,
 finally popping Randy's cockhead unceremoniously into her cunt. With a
 cry of lust, Kate started wiggling and humping her hips, sliding her wet,
 gooey pussy down onto Randy's huge erection until the boy's long,
 gleaming shaft was buried fully in her horny twat.

    "Lick my pussy, you horny cunt-sucking bitch!" Alison demanded,
 forcing Monica's head into her open crotch.

    Alison was sprawled flat on her back on the floor, her large tits
 quivering excitedly as she humped her ass up off the carpet, fucking
 Monica's face with her curly-haired cunt. As Monica thrust her tongue
 into Alison's pussy, Alison watched Randy's cock disappearing into Kate's
 creamy pussy. It was so intensely exciting to watch her son fuck another
 woman's cunt.

    "Ohhhhhhhhhh, Randy, it's going in deep!" Kate cried. Wildly, the
 redheaded mom wiggled and humped, grinding her drooling pussy onto the
 fat root of Randy's cock until it filled her fully. "Now, Paul! Fuck my
 asshole!" she hissed, looking at Monica's son over her shoulder. "Hurry,
 baby! I want your cock up my ass!"

    Kate leaned forward, keeping Randy's cock deep inside her pussy as she
 sprawled flat on his chest. Randy reached around to grasp her plump
 little asscheeks, spreading them wide to expose her pink little asshole
 to Paul's cock. Paul's long hard prick was wet and glistening from
 fucking two tight, hot assholes in a row. He climbed back onto the couch,
 aiming his oozing cockhead at the rubbery entrance of Kate's horny
 shit-chute.

    "Ohhhhhhhh, fuck," Kate cried, gasping with pleasure as Paul's huge
 prick plowed deep into her bowels. "Jesus, that feels good!"

    Instantly, the naked redhead started moving her slender, girlish hips,
 fucking her hot, clasping pussy onto Randy's more-than-eager young
 hard-on, thrusting her stretched asshole onto Paul's cock.

    "Fuck my asshole, Paul! Ummmmmm, your big cock feels good up there!
 Deeper, baby, deeper! Fuck the shit out of my horny little ass!"

    Paul grunted, hunching his muscular young body against the gorgeous
 red-haired young mom, forcing his stiff prick further and further into
 the rubbery, sucking tightness of Kate's asshole. Finally his cock was
 all the way up her shitter, buried to the balls in the clenching,
 spasming tightness of her bowels. Kate started humping like a bitch in
 heat, trying to fuck both of their young cocks at the same time.

    "Ohhhhhhhh, God, that feels good! I love it.. love it!", she squealed.
 Her pussy and asshole burned uncontrollably, stuffed to bursting by the
 pulsing stiffness of their cocks. "Fuck my pussy, Randy! Fuck my asshole,
 Paul! Oh, fuck, oh, shit, I'm really gonna cum!"

    "Lick my pussy!" Alison told Monica, holding the blonde's head with
 both hands as they lay on the floor. "I'm gonna cum too!"

    Randy and Paul both started fucking Kate fast and hard, impatient to
 shoot their loads in the horny mom's tightly-sucking pussy and ass. Then
 Marty stepped up to his double-fucked mother on the couch, his enormous
 cock twitching in front of her face. Kate immediately opened her mouth as
 wide as she could, whimpering with pleasure as she wrapped her lips
 tightly around her son's huge throbbing erection.

    "I'm cumming," Alison gasped, fucking her ass off the floor. "Uuuhhh!
 Suck my cunt!.. suck my cuuunnt!! Jesus, I'm cummmmmiiiingggg!"

    Monica hungrily kept licking and sucking Alison's hairy, cumming cunt,
 guiding her through the full force of her orgasm. Finally Alison let her
 asscheeks drift back to the carpet. Monica never took her lips from
 Alison's pussy. Instead, the blonde just twisted around so that her knees
 were on the rug on either side of Alison's ears. Alison giggled, knowing
 what Monica wanted. Monica kept licking Alison's pussy, dropping her ass
 to grind her gooey cunt over Alison's sucking mouth. Soon, the two naked
 moms were lost in the intense pleasure of a lesbian sixty-nine.

    "Harder!" Kate gasped, popping her son's cock out of her mouth long
 enough to shout the word. "Fuck me harder!"

    Paul and Randy immediately picked up the pace of their fucking,
 ramming into Kate's tenderly-sucking pussy and asshole as hard as they
 could. Kate popped her son's throbbing cock back into her mouth, sucking
 it in until she nearly choked on his cockshaft. The triple-fuck lasted
 only a few minutes longer. The pleasure of the two huge cocks ramming
 into her cunt and ass was unbearably intense. Kate sucked feverishly on
 Marty's hard-on as her whole body began to climax. She couldn't scream,
 she was too busy sucking on her son's stiff prick. But Paul and Randy
 sure knew that they were making the horny red-haired mom cum. Her pussy
 and asshole contracted sharply, rippling and spasming around the driving
 stiffness of their cocks.

    Paul was the first to shoot his wad. The long pent-up load of sperm
 blasted up Kate's ravished ass like a fire-hose, deluging her tight
 little shithole with jet after jet of hot adolescent cum. Kate wiggled
 happily, slurping at Marty's stiff prick, then groaning on it as Randy's
 prick started squirting too. Both of their huge cocks shot out jizz at
 the same time, one load spurting into her pussy, the other pumping her
 tender asshole full of cum.

    Paul pulled out of her first, sighing happily as he slid his
 still-twitching cock out of her ass. Kate lifted herself off Randy's
 rapidly-wilting organ and giggled as his cock slurped noisily of her
 well-fucked cunt. She knelt on the floor in front of her naked son,
 looking up into Marty's eyes as she feverishly jerked on her boy's
 massively-erect young prick.

    "I want you to cum now, Marty," she panted. "All over Mommy's face."

    Ramming her son's cock down her throat, Kate shamelessly sucked
 Marty's prick as hard as she could. Paul and Randy sprawled back on the
 couch, watching, their virile young pricks quivering stiffly over their
 muscular young bellies. By then Monica had already disengaged herself
 from the lesbian sixty-nine with Alison. She loved sucking Alison's
 pussy, but she wanted her own son's cock even more. Monica knelt in
 front of Paul, tightly gripping his firm young prick. She didn't care
 that he'd just fucked three assholes in a row. She just wanted to suck
 her boy's cock.

    Monica buried her face in his crotch, stuffing Paul's prick as far
 down her throat as she could. She didn't notice when Alison started
 sucking Randy's cock too, or even when Marty shot cum all over his
 mother's face. All Monica knew was how desperately she craved the taste
 of her son's prick. Not even double-fucking could rival the shameless
 pleasure she derived in slurping on Paul's cock, or swallowing his hot,
 spurting prick-juice when she made him cum.

    As Monica sucked her boy to orgasm, her mind was on the events of the
 past few hours. She didn't know where all this lewd behavior would lead,
 but one thing was for certain.... she would obviously have to share her
 son with Kate and Alison. At first she wasn't happy with that thought,
 but then, Monica smiled (as best she could around Paul's eager young
 cock). She had just realized something. She hadn't lost a son.....
 she'd just gained two more!!!!!!


                            The End.




Filename: SLUT.TXT
Title: Neighborhood Slut
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                          NEIGHBORHOOD SLUT
                              (by Eros)

                              Chapter 1.

    Marcy Morris was looking forward to the naughty evening that she and
 her handsome husband, Jim, had planned. Marcy loved to fuck, and her
 husband loved to watch her get fucked, which was very convenient. Like
 Jack Spratt and his wife, licking the platter clean, she figured. They
 never had any trouble finding guys to fuck her, because Marcy had the
 face of an angel, the body of a porno queen and an insatiable sexual
 appetite.

    She was truly spectacular... long, dark hair, flashing eyes, and a
 full, red, sensual mouth that looked just made for wrapping round a man's
 cock. Her breasts were firm and large, but somehow seemed as perfectly
 proportioned as the rest of her gorgeous body. She had long, tanned legs,
 a narrow waist, and an ass most men would gladly die for. Actually
 several had... but that's another story.

    This particular evening, Jim had set it up for Marcy to get fucked by
 two of his friends and, naturally, Marcy was horny as could be at the
 very prospect. But she didn't want to fuck Jim or give herself a hand-job
 to relieve the pressure because, with two lovers to accommodate in a few
 hours, she figured it would be better for all concerned to let her cunt
 simmer with anticipation. Jim felt the same way. He had a gigantic
 hard-on stuffing the front of his trousers, but he didn't want to empty
 his balls until after he had watched Marcy get fucked.

    Marcy was trying to watch television, but with her pussy smoldering
 and juicing merrily away, she couldn't get comfortable. Jim was squirming
 around as well, the front of his pants stretched taut with an almost
 painful erection. Marcy kept throwing glances at Jim's bulging crotch.
 The sight of her husband's obvious arousal made her pussy even hotter.
 She knew that it was going to be difficult to resist temptation, so she
 decided to take a walk to cool off.

    Jim agreed it was a good idea, because he was having a hard time
 restraining himself from whipping his prick out and jumping his sexy
 young wife on the spot!

    So, Marcy went for a stroll, with fascinating results......

                               + + + +

    Marcy was walking along the footpath through fairly heavy bushes and
 foliage, the gentle afternoon breeze doing very little to cool down the
 fires of passion that raged within her. As she passed a shady glen,
 shielded by the surrounding undergrowth, Marcy thought she heard a noise.
 She stopped and listened. The faint sound of voices filtered through the
 undergrowth. Suddenly, her horniness was overwhelmed by curiosity.
 Looking around to see if anyone was watching her, Marcy ducked into the
 bushes and peeked into the clearing.

    Sitting on a bench in the middle of the clearing were a couple of
 teenagers, a girl and a boy. Marcy recognised them both. The girl was
 Tracy Jackson, a pretty little sixteen-year-old who lived a couple of
 doors down from Marcy. The boy was her boyfriend, Bobby Wilson.

    Tracy was the classic `blue-eyed blonde', a real little stunner. Marcy
 had seen her husband staring hungrily at the girl's long, tanned legs and
 surprisingly well-developed young tits several times now. She'd jabbed
 Jim viciously in the ribs and reminded him that the girl was only
 sixteen, to which he'd replied, "Old enough to bleed... old enough to
 breed!" Jim could be totally uncouth sometimes, thought Marcy as she
 turned her attention to Tracy's young male companion.

    Bobby was a good-looking, dark-haired, athletic boy who lived a couple
 of streets away. He didn't have car yet, so he walked over to visit Tracy
 every day. To see them sitting together somewhere was such a common sight
 around the neighborhood, that Marcy was about to move off and continue
 her walk.

    Then, just as she was about to turn away, Bobby put his arm around
 Tracy, and slid his hand down inside the girl's blouse. Marcy halted in
 her tracks and grinned. They obviously thought they were secluded enough
 to do some heavy petting.

    Marcy knew that she should just move on quietly and leave them to it.
 But her horniness had not subsided and suddenly she had a kinky urge to
 spy on them. Although Marcy was the `performer' and her husband was the
 `voyeur' in their marital misbehavior, Marcy liked to peek a bit,
 herself.

    The raven-haired beauty crept closer and stepped into the concealing
 shade of a large tree, excited by the idea of watching the two youngsters
 involved in their secretive sex-play.

    It soon got more exciting.

    Bobby opened Tracy's blouse. She wasn't wearing a bra, and when her
 blouse fell open, she shrugged it back onto her slim shoulders and arched
 her supple back, thrusting her bare tits out. Her nipples were swollen
 and flushed, jutting out stiffly. The sight actually made Marcy's mouth
 water.

    Although she was certainly not a fully-fledged lesbian, Marcy found
 that she loved variety and enjoyed fooling around with other women from
 time to time, especially if there was an audience of men watching.

    Sexy little Tracy was turning her on a lot!

    Bobby began to feel Tracy up with both hands, massaging her firm
 conical-shaped tits and pulling at the perky nipples. Tracy squirmed and
 wriggled, starting to pant. As Bobby kissed her on the lips, Marcy
 watched their tongues flashing sensuously back and forth. Then he dropped
 his head down and began to suck on her erect nipples, switching back and
 forth as he sucked each swollen pink bud in turn.

    Marcy's lips and tongue were working automatically, as she emulated
 the young man's tit-sucking. She envied Tracy that attentive mouth just
 as she envied Bobby that succulent mouthful.

    "Ohhhhh, mmmmmmmm!" Tracy moaned.

    Bobby made moist, muffled sounds on her bare young tits as he drew the
 stiff nipples into his mouth, nibbling them with his lips. The blonde
 girl arched and stroked the back of his head as her boyfriend sucked her
 tits. Bobby slid his hand up Tracy's thigh and under her short skirt.
 Marcy wished he would remove that skirt. She wanted to see Tracy's pussy.
 But the kids were still in a semi-public place and evidently didn't dare
 to get fully disrobed. Marcy knew that it must be very frustrating for
 them. It was for her, as well.

    Marcy was close enough now that she could hear every sound they made,
 close enough even to catch the odour of Tracy's horny young pussy as it
 heated up. Her nostrils flared. The cool afternoon breeze was wafting the
 fragrance of pussy-perfume to her as Tracy got hotter. Marcy breathed in
 the pungent fumes steaming from the girl's pussy, tantalizing herself.

    Her tongue seemed to sizzle in her saliva as she inhaled that
 succulent, randy aroma and imagined what it would be like to go down on a
 girl as young as Tracy. The thought of tonguing her tight little teenaged
 cunt was making Marcy tremble.

    Bobby was obviously finger-fucking Tracy up under her skirt now, and
 Marcy couldn't see the action. But she was willing to bet that the nubile
 young nymphette had a juicy pussy, just the sort that Marcy loved to
 lick.

    "Ohhhh, Bobby! Keep it up! I'm gonna cum!" Tracy moaned.

    Bobby's hand moved rhythmically between her parted thighs and he
 continued to suck on her tits as he brought her to the crest of her
 orgasm. Tracy seemed to vibrate like a tuning fork as she climaxed. Her
 nipples swelled between Bobby's lips and her cunt melted on his caressing
 hand.

    It took her a long time to finish cumming. The sexy little
 sixteen-year-old had soared rapidly the peak and she held there, panting
 and moaning, as the waves of orgasm rushed across her belly and raced
 like high-voltage current up her trembling thighs, the waves coming
 faster and higher and merging into a tidal crest of passion.

    The bouquet of her creaming cunt clung in the glen, cloying and
 mouth-watering. What a shame to waste a cunt-cum on a hand-job, Marcy
 thought. Tracy jerked, lifting her knees. Her short skirt slid high up
 her legs, and Marcy could see ribbons of creamy cunt-juice unwinding down
 the sleek flesh of her inner thighs.

    The bench was getting slippery under the girl's ass as her pussy
 spilled and overflowed. Her hips were moving in a fucking motion as she
 ground her pussy on Bobby's hand. Her belly pumped and her pretty face
 twisted from side to side, eyes narrowed to slits, mouth slack and
 panting.

    The hem of her skirt was up to her hips now, and Marcy sank down to
 her knees on the ground, so that she could see up Tracy's skirt. Tracy
 had obviously come to the park prepared to get finger-fucked, Marcy
 realized-because the naughty little minx wasn't wearing any panties!

    Marcy could see just a hint of Tracy's pussy, just a shadowy glimpse
 in the darkness under her skirt. It was enough to make the woman's tongue
 tingle and her mouth fill up with saliva. Marcy was drooling almost as
 lavishly as Tracy was juicing off!

    Tracy gave a soft, prolonged whimper as she surged to the highest peak
 of her orgasm, then she began to ebb. Bobby finger-fucked her down
 through the slow descent, working the final spasms from her creamy cunt.
 Drained, Tracy slumped back, a dreamy, blissful smile on her lovely face.

    "Ummmmm... God, that was fantastic, Bobby!" she purred.

    Bobby raised his head from her tits and drew his hand out from under
 her skirt. His fingers were dripping, and his palm held a pool of
 pussy-cum. It looked as if his hand had melted in the heat of her crotch.
 Marcy was dizzy with desire. She hoped there would be more to see.

    And there was...


                              Chapter 2.

    Bobby leaned back and they cuddled cheek to cheek for a moment.

    "Do me, baby," he rasped.

    Tracy reached down and cupped the swollen bulge of his hard-on
 through his tight jeans. Her fingers traced the fat outline of his cock
 and balls through the denim. His stiff young erection was jerking and
 twitching with arousal, threatening to burst right through the
 tightly-stretched crotch of his jeans. Where his cock-head was outlined
 prominently, a damp, sticky patch was spreading out, as his pre-cum
 seeped through the fabric. She cupped the bulge of his balls and
 fingered the flaring wedge of his cock-knob and traced her fingertips up
 the outline of his cock-shaft.

    "Mmmmmmmm, yeahhhh! Take it out, babe" he urged.

    The young blonde needed no coaxing. She unbuckled his belt and
 unsnapped the waistband of his jeans, then drew the zipper of his fly
 down slowly, inch by teasing inch. Marcy moaned. Bobby wasn't wearing
 any underwear either!

    When the front of his jeans flipped open, his cock shot out like a
 rocket. Marcy gave a little gasp when she saw how well-hung the young
 teenager was. Her eyes were glued to his crotch and she gazed at the
 boy's huge, stiff cock with a hungry longing. Although she had enjoyed
 looking at Tracy's naked young cunt... what little she'd seen of it...
 Marcy's sexual preference was still predominantly for prick. And
 handsome young Bobby sure had a big one!

    Although quite athletic-looking, Bobby was of slim build, but his
 erect prick looked incredibly huge, almost incongruously large for his
 slender young frame. It was quite long and very thick. Marcy found
 herself comparing it to Jim's cock, but even her well-endowed husband
 would have had trouble competing with Bobby.

    Marcy was breathing deeply as the gamy scent of hot male genitals
 drifted to her nostrils. Tracy had drawn her hands away and she was
 leaning over her boyfriend's crotch, gazing at his hard-on, her blue
 eyes crossing as she concentrated on the bulging cock-knob. Marcy
 wondered if she was going to suck him off. She sure hoped so! How she
 longed to see the young girl's sensual mouth working on Bobby's
 man-sized prick.

    But the kids were making out in a public park. And evidently Tracy
 didn't dare to get too involved, although from the hungry way she was
 staring at her boyfriend's prick, it seemed certain that she would have
 relished a mouthful of his hot cock-meat.

    "Ohhhhh, come on! Jack me off, honey!" Bobby croaked.

    Marcy sighed, realizing that she wasn't going to get to see a
 blow-job. Still, she could look on the bright side... a hand-job had its
 own attractions. If Tracy jerked him off, Marcy would get to see the
 boy's ejaculation, something she wouldn't have seen if he squirted his
 load down Tracy's throat. Still kneeling, Marcy fought against the urge
 to play with her own steamy pussy as she watched, fascinated, eager for
 the creamy conclusion.

    "Jack me off on your tits, baby," Bobby groaned. "My fucking balls
 are so damn full, they ache!"

    Tracy cupped the boy's balls in the palm of her left hand, jiggling
 the solid nut-sacs, lifting them slightly, as if judging the weight of
 his cum-load. She folded her right hand around his cock-shaft, at the
 top, and skinned down, baring his cock-head, making the fat, bloated tip
 flare out like the head of a hooded cobra about to strike.

    Gooey pre-cum gushed from the slit and ran down his prick. The stuff
 looked thin and watery, compared to cum, but much more slippery. A pool
 of this cock-lube welled up on the web between Tracy's thumb and
 forefinger. She skimmed up, holding his cock lightly, her palm and
 encircling fingers barely brushing the thick shaft of his throbbing
 erection.

    She pulled up and down, her hand gliding on a film of his warm,
 slippery lubrication. Bobby groaned and leaned back on the bench, hiking
 his ass up. The muscles of his young thighs were taut as steel bands and
 his heels were drumming on the ground as he humped his hips up, fucking
 his cock through Tracy's clenched fist as she jerked him off with a
 slow, practised rhythm.

    "Unnngghhhhhh, Jesus yeahhhh! Milk my meat, Tracy!" he grunted.

    The willing girl tightened her grip. As she pulled up, his foreskin
 sheathed his cock-knob in a fleshy carpet. And as she pumped back down
 toward his balls, the shiny, purple head flared out, moist and
 glistening.

    Marcy's mouth was watering at the sight and the scent of the boy's
 stiff cock-meat as much as she had over the thought of tongue-fucking
 the young girl. She was sure glad that her kinky husband had fixed her
 up with two guys tonight! One man would never satisfy her after all this
 visual stimulation. It was too bad that Jim hadn't arranged a gang-bang
 with a dozen or more guys. Watching these two horny kids go at it had
 her insatiable little twat absolutely sizzling.

    Tracy leaned over her boyfriend's lap, her pert young tits bobbing
 saucily, providing a target for his cum-cannon. She began to jack his
 prick faster, and Bobby heaved up and down as he fucked his prick
 through her fist.

    "Cum, Bobby! Shoot on my tits!" she panted.

    "I'm nearly there, honey... any minute," he moaned huskily, his whole
 body shaking with the rising spasms.

    His prick hissed through her hand, the ventral vein pounding
 violently. As his prick-knob loomed up, it swelled out in a huge wedge.
 His cock was going up and down like a heavy-duty shock absorber as his
 ass bounced rhythmically on the park bench.

    "Ooooooh, you're so hard! Cum for me, Bobby!" Tracy panted.

    Yeah, cum on her tits, Marcy silently urged. Like Tracy, Marcy's gaze
 was glued to the head of Bobby's cock. She was as eager to see the boy
 shoot his cum as she was to see it splatter all over Tracy's gorgeous
 little tits. Bobby's prick jerked mightily in the young girl's flashing
 fist.

    "Here it comes!" he howled, throwing his head and shoulders back as
 he heaved his hips up.

    "Ummm... ummmm!" Tracy whimpered hammering her tiny fist up and down
 as fast as she could.

    With a gurgling cry, Bobby's climax exploded. The cum rushed up the
 core of his cock and shot from his piss-hole in a great geyser. Silvery
 sperm splattered on Tracy's tits in abundance, soaking the slopes,
 seeping into the cleft, oozing onto the nipples.

    A jism-jet skimmed up her breastbone and splashed in the fluttering
 hollow of her delicate throat. Another shot of cum flew over her
 shoulder in a milky blob as the virile young boy kept on squirting. His
 balls seemed bottomless, his cock a veritable fountain of sperm, his
 sexual vitality endless.

    Bobby had pumped out a flood of jism already, yet he was still
 spurting, hosing her neck and tits as she turned his cock in her hand,
 playing the stream over her face. Cum skimmed along her cheek, and a
 glob clung to her tawny tresses like molasses. Tracy was so coated with
 cum that she looked like a glazed doughnut, frosted like a gingerbread
 cookie, and still he kept on spraying her with cum.

    "Don't stop!.... More! More!" she wailed crazily.

    Another gusher hit her tits and cascaded down through her cleavage,
 like a pearly river running through a smooth ravine. One last spurt of
 jism splattered on her chin, and Bobby began to flag at last, sprawling
 back along the bench, looking happy by satisfied in the afterglow of his
 lengthy orgasm.

    Tracy continued to jerk her fist up and down on his prick, milking
 out the last gooey trickles. The cum was no longer squirting, but it
 still oozed out, clinging to the head of his cock like frosting on a
 cup-cake. Thick and creamy, the cum slid on down his cock-shaft,
 lubricating her pumping fingers.

    Tracy squeezed and drew her fist up his prick as if getting the dregs
 out of a toothpaste tube. Bobby groaned. With his balls drained now, it
 felt as if she were dragging his asshole inside out as she tugged up his
 still-taut prick.

    Marcy was dizzy with desire and she gazed at the incredibly erotic
 sight before her. Bobby's prick was all coated with creamy cum. She had
 never seen so much jizz squirt out of a cock in her life... that was
 saying a lot. What a lucky girl Tracy was to have such a virile young
 boyfriend like Bobby, she figured. But a silly girl, too. Marcy would
 have never squandered such a precious load of cum on a mere hand-job!

    She was hot with desire to take Bobby's Bobby's prick in her own
 mouth and to suck up his spilled spunk from Tracy's tits. She didn't
 actually expect that to happen. But there was jism all over the place
 now, and cunt-cream, too, and Marcy was thinking that even a second-hand
 taste would be a treat...


                             Chapter 3.

    Bobby's cock was softening a bit now, drooping and bending, but it was
 still an impressive size. Tracy held it against her chest, rubbing the
 cummy tip onto her tits and nudging it into her cleavage. Then she worked
 the cum into her tits with her hands, massaging the boy's sticky sperm
 into her breasts and nipples like a body lotion.

    Their heavy petting session over, the teenagers got their clothing
 arranged and, hand in hand, strolled from the clearing. Marcy ducked back
 behind the tree and the starry-eyed young lovers passed without noticing
 her, never guessing that they had been observed.

    Marcy waited until they were out of sight down the footpath, then she
 moved over to the bench. The wooden slats were slippery with jism and
 pussy-juice. The stuff was still warm. Marcy looked around to make sure
 that no one happened to be watching her, as she had watched the two
 teenagers... although, in truth, she was the sort of exhibitionist who
 loved to be looked at when she was being naughty and wouldn't at all have
 minded being spied on.

    She knelt on the ground and opened her blouse and began to rub her
 tits on the cum-slick bench. She held the creamy globes in her hands,
 lifting and deepening the smooth cleavage while, twisting lithely from
 the hips, she swung her big tits back and forth in the spilled
 fuck-juices.

    Then she sat back on her heels and, holding her tits up, tilted her
 raven head down. She licked her tits and nipples, then sucked on the
 swollen pink nubs, tasting boy-cum and cunt-juice on her own tits. Her
 pussy was smoldering. She squirmed out of her bikini pants and sat down
 on the slimy park bench. She began to squirm and wriggle, wiping her
 pussy around in the spilled cum. She could feel the cum heat up again and
 soak into her cunt-slot.

    Marcy slid her hand down over her dark, bushy vee and fingered her
 pussy, working Bobby's cum and Tracy's cunt-cream into her hot, gaping
 twat. Then she licked her slimy palm and sucked on her sticky fingers,
 tasting her own cunt-juice, embellished by Tracy's cunt-cum and enhanced
 by Bobby's jism.

    She scooped up some cum from the puddle on the bench and nudged her
 slippery finger into her asshole, as if she were getting ass-fucked by
 proxy. She sucked that nasty finger, as well, all the cummy flavors
 blended with the tart taste of her shit-hole. It was driving her crazy.
 She slid down to the ground again and knelt over the bench. Her face went
 down and her tongue pushed out, and Marcy began to lick all the residue
 up from the seat with lewd slurping sounds.

    The fuck-juices had gotten mingled together, but her expert tongue
 could separate the flavors, identifying the starchy taste of cum and the
 musky succulence of cunt-cream. She licked and sucked until she had
 absorbed every gooey drop and left the bench glistening with her saliva.
 Marcy hadn't wanted to cum until she was in bed with the two guys that
 her husband had made arrangements with, but now her pussy was starting to
 melt and she was unable to stem the tide. It no longer mattered, though,
 because Marcy was so hot and horny from playing the peeper and licking up
 the spilled spunk that she knew she was going to remain aroused, no
 matter how often she brought herself off.

    Marcy reached into her crotch and grasped her clit between thumb and
 forefinger. She tugged once-and the fiery nugget exploded instantly. Her
 clit went off like a blasting cap, setting off a deeper explosion in the
 depths of her hot cunt. She frigged herself through an orgasm and
 finished, panting-and feeling every bit as horny as she had before she
 had relieved herself by hand.

    There were still a couple hours before she and Jim were due to visit
 his two friends, and Marcy figured that Jim was just going to have to
 fuck her first. Anyhow, once she told him what she had seen and how she
 had tongued up the creamy results, she felt confident that her husband,
 too, would stay horny all night.

    She buttoned her blouse up and pulled her sodden panties back on and
 headed for home, eager for a marital mating as a sort of prelude to the
 orgy. But on her way home, fate took a hand. She happened to run into
 Tracy again...

    Tracy had walked Bobby as far as the street, where they lingered over
 some deep and passionate kissing for a while. Then the boy had trudged
 off on the long walk back to his own home, and Tracy stood waving at him,
 looking wistful.

    Marcy walked up to the blonde teenager and greeted her with a cheery
 hello. Tracy smiled politely, but looked glum. That surprised Marcy,
 since she knew for a fact that Tracy had recently gotten her rocks off
 and should have been more happy and content.

    "What's wrong, honey? You look sort of sad," Marcy said. "Did you have
 a fight with your boyfriend?"

    "Oh, no. It isn't that," Tracy sighed. The girl looked thoughtful, as
 if contemplating how much she should confide in her older neighbor. "It's
 my mom," she said.

    Marcy waited, secretly excited that she was talking to Tracy with the
 taste of the pretty young girl's cunt still tingling on her tongue. It
 made her feel deliciously depraved.

    "Mom's a snoop," Tracy sighed. "Bobby walks miles to visit me, but Mom
 won't let us go in my room. And even if we sit in the television room,
 she makes us leave the damned door open."

    "How frustrating for you," Marcy sympathized.

    "She doesn't trust us," Tracy grumbled.

    I don't blame her, Marcy thought.

    "I sure wish we had a place to go where we could be alone together,"
 Tracy said wistfully.

    And that gave Marcy an idea. It made the lusty woman feel like a
 marriage broker-or a pre-marital sex broker, more specifically.

    "Would you like to use my house?" she asked. "Jim and I are going out
 this evening. If you'd like to have Bobby come over in a couple of hours,
 you're more than welcome to entertain him at my place."

    "Oh, yeah... that would be great! " Tracy enthused. "If you don't
 mind."

    "I certainly don't. But your mother..."

    "I can tell her that I got a job babysitting and I'll be out late. She
 won't get suspicious about that."

    "Fine. You can even spend the night, if you like," Marcy added,
 meaningfully.

    Tracy had started to glow with anticipation, and she and Marcy looked
 at each other like conspirators plotting an act of anarchy in an attic.
 Tracy looked down the street, thinking that she should call Bobby back
 and tell him the good news, but the boy was already out of sight.

    "I'll have to phone him after he gets home," the girl said. "Or maybe
 I better wait and phone him from your house, so my Mom doesn't listen
 in... the snoop that she is. And you could do me a real big favor, too.
 If you'll phone my house, I'll answer it and pretend that you're someone
 calling me to babysit, okay?"

    "Sure. I'm always glad to help young people get some privacy," Marcy
 replied.

    Tracy blushed prettily. She wished that her mom was more like Marcy.

    "Okay, I'll see you later, then... and thanks a lot, Mrs Morris," the
 teenager said, and she headed off home.

    Marcy looked after the slim young blonde, admiring the sexy,
 provocative swing of her ass and hips. It excited her to think about
 Tracy and Bobby fucking in her house, and the possibility of watching
 them do it.

    When Marcy got home, Jim was making himself a drink. The the bulge of
 his hard-on was still very evident. Marcy went directly to the telephone
 and dialed, grinning at him. Tracy answered, and Marcy said nothing while
 the girl faked a conversation about babysitting overnight, for the
 benefit of her mother. When Marcy finally put down the phone, Jim gave
 her a puzzled look.

    "What was that all about?"

    Smiling mysteriously, Marcy walked over to him and kissed him hotly on
 the mouth. Jim looked more puzzled than ever. He licked her lips and
 tasted her tongue.

    "Have you been sucking cock?" he asked with a smile.

    "Not exactly," Marcy purred.

    Then, whispering with her lips on his, she told him what she had seen
 the teenagers do, and how she had licked up their combined juices from
 the park bench. Jim's breathing became hot and heavy as his wife told her
 story and soon he was as horny as Marcy.


                             Chapter 4.

    Marcy ground her over-heated cunt mound against her husband's hard-on.
 He groaned, sucking her faithless tongue, getting a hint of Tracy's
 pussy-juice and Bobby's jizz. So much blood rushed down into his big
 prick that the man was swaying around, light-headed and dizzy with
 desire.

    "Ohh God, baby! I can't wait. I you to fuck me right now, " she
 whispered. Jim was in hearty agreement with that suggestion.

    They had planned to wait for the evening group action, but
 circumstances had changed that now. Marcy slid from his embrace and
 quickly removed her clothing. Her bikini panties were so wet that when
 she tossed them to the floor they fluttered down like a butterfly with
 damp wings.

    Jim stripped his own clothing off. His prick sprang up solid as an
 iron bar. Marcy started to move toward the couch, expecting him to fuck
 her there. But he stood where he was. Marcy approached him sinuously,
 licking her lips like a hungry tigress. She threw her arms around his
 sturdy shoulders and rolled her belly against his naked cock. His prick
 felt hot as a branding iron as it seared into her velvet-smooth flesh.

    Clinging to his shoulders, Marcy moved her body up and down, like an
 athlete warming up for a competition. She rose onto her toes and dropped
 back on her heels. Jim's stiff prick was rubbing up and down from her
 dark cunt-bush to her tits, laying a slimy trail of pre-cum on her smooth
 creamy skin.

    Marcy's thighs tensed, rippling with sinew. Then she bounded up like a
 pole vaulter and locked her legs around his hips. Her knees were hooked
 over his hip-bones and her ankles were locked behind his ass. Her thighs
 clamped him in a vise and she clung to his shoulders, her body completely
 off the floor.

    Jim held her by the ass, supporting her and lifting her higher up his
 torso. His prick was sliming her belly and her hot cunt was spilling over
 on his loins. She squirmed up and his fucker snapped into her crotch. She
 was balanced on top of his cock like a flagpole sitter, the bulbous head
 lodged in her cunt-slot. Jim angled his body back, leaning away,
 counterweighting her by holding his head and shoulders thrust back while
 he heaved his haunches up.

    Marcy was supported by her husband's hands under her ass-cheeks and
 his iron-hard cock in her groin as she clung to him with her arms and
 legs. Marcy was no lightweight-her tits were huge and heavy and her ass
 was plump, but Jim was holding her easily on hands and horn. Marcy
 swayed, hung up on his meat-hook.

    Then she began to push her pussy down onto the steely peg of his
 prick. His cock-head sank into her gooey gash and she wound her sinuous
 hips around, grinding her suction-cup pussy around on his rock-hard prick
 as he impaled her deeply. Cunt-cream streamed down his heavily veined
 cock-shaft and juiced over his balls as Marcy slid down and took another
 two or three inches of cock into her pussy. She paused there.

    Jim humped his hips, bouncing her on the thrust. His legs were
 widespread, his feet braced solidly on the floor, and he held steady
 while Marcy wiggled on down, taking more and more prick into her hungry
 cunt. Then, with a loud groan, Marcy plunged down and took his prick
 balls-deep into her foaming fuck-hole.

    "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

    Her squeezebox pussy was tugging and dragging and pulling on his
 buried prick. The inner cunt-muscles contracted, molding her snug,
 vaginal sheath to the outline of his cock, rippling up and down as if she
 were using her fuck-hole to jack him off inside her loins.

    Holding her cunt jammed down to the hilt on his cock, Marcy undulated
 her hips, squirming and grinding around, wriggling like a fish on a hook.
 Then she began to fuck up and down. She pulled her slick pussy up until
 only the head of his cock was inside her, poised there, then dropped back
 down and took the full length of it again.

    Marcy was shimmying up and down on her husband's cock-shaft like a toy
 monkey on a stick. His thick, veined prick pulled out, glistening with
 her cunt-cream, steaming and throbbing. He rocked back on his heels, then
 thrust up, falling into rhythm with Marcy as she pulled up and sank down.
 His big hands massaged the cheeks of her ass as he lifted her up, but his
 prick was so rigid now it felt like he could have supported her on his
 cock alone.

    Jim's stiff fucker hissed up her cunt-hole, making loud slurping
 sounds as his swollen prick pounded into the drenched depths of her cunt.
 Marcy moaned as he filled her pussy. It felt like the end of his long,
 thick prick was going to come out of her mouth, he was fucking her so
 deeply.

    She jerked spasmodically and her feet kicked behind his grinding ass.
 Her hips pumped and her belly slid and she swung her ass from side to
 side, rocking her pelvis in the carnal cradle of their upright coupling.

    Marcy pulled her pussy up her husband's rampant cock and cunt-cream
 poured down lavishly, washing over his balls and running on down his
 thighs. He jolted in, jarring her pelvis as his prick plunged into the
 steaming depths of her pussy. Marcy felt as if she was melting.

    Jim's prick was fucking into her cunt like a jackhammer as she clung
 to him for dear life, grinding her hips down over his prick. With every
 thrust, she felt her clit mashing against his upthrust pubic bone,
 pushing her closer and closer to the orgasm she craved. And then it was
 upon her.

    His balls were swollen enormously as Jim surged toward his own creamy
 crest. He reared up, driving off bent knees, feet braced solidly on the
 carpet. His legs were shaking as he poured the prick to her in this
 dynamic knee-trembler and his chest heaved as he panted with the
 exertion.

    "Cum in me.... cum in my cunt!" she wailed.

    Cumming herself, the wanton woman longed to feel his hot, thick jism
 squirt into her cunt. Her inner cunt-rings tightened, pulling and
 clinging as if she were trying to suck the cum out of his balls by the
 sheer contractions of her climaxing cunt.

    Jim lifted his pretty wife's slender frame up and down, fucking her
 vigorously on his raging erection. Her tits jiggled wildly and her firm
 round ass squirmed in his squeezing fingers. Her thighs gripped his
 haunches, rippling as she rode out her orgasm, deeply impaled on her
 husband's pounding prick.

    Then, with a cry, he came, and a torrent of steaming spunk sped into
 the core of Marcy's mushy pussy, sloshing into her own flow and swirling
 around in a gooey whirlpool. As always, she cried out with the ecstasy of
 feeling his firey sperm fill her hot fuck-hole. Her own orgasm soared to
 the peak.

    Jim's cum continued to spurt into her spasming pussy in gooey geysers,
 filling her up. Then he pulled out and sank his prick in again to the
 balls and the sperm spilled from her cunt-slot, turning her crotch into a
 sticky mess and dribbling back over the big balls from which it had just
 been expelled. Jim started to stagger, his vitality ebbing away as he
 drained off his passion. Marcy jerked her knees up, and hunched her cunt
 at him like crazy, milking his twitching cock to the very last drop.

    One last squirt of cum jetted out and Jim's cock lay inert. The dregs
 were still seeping from the cock-tip and he held himself arched, no
 longer humping. He lifted Marcy by the ass, then let her drop back down,
 finishing off their mutual orgasm by sliding her cum-filled pussy up and
 down on his stationary prick.

    Marcy shuddered through her spasms, then clung to her husband
 adoringly, her head on his shoulder. Jim carried her over to the couch,
 his legs weak and wobbly. Despite his orgasm, his cock remained stiff and
 throbbing inside her, hardly softening at all, due mainly to the
 contractions of Marcy's cunt and the incredible tightness of it around
 his prick.

    Jim pulled his cock out and it snapped upright, stiff and glistening
 like a greased billy-club. His balls were slack now, but already
 beginning to refill. In fact, his formidable fucker was almost as stiff
 as it was when he started. He could have fucked Marcy again, without
 pausing for a moment. But the immediate pressure was off now, and they
 knew it wouldn't be a good idea to fuck themselves ragged, when they had
 a previous engagement. So they settled for a single fuck and got dressed
 to go out. And sexy little Tracy Jackson arrived to occupy the house in
 their absence...


                              Chapter 5.

    Tracy arrived promptly at seven-thirty, just as Marcy and Jim finished
 getting ready to leave. Marcy showed her around the house and gave her a
 phone number where she could be reached in case of an emergency. Jim
 watched the sexy young girl's pert little ass and tits jiggle as she
 walked around after Marcy. He could see why Marcy had the hots for her,
 the sixteen-year-old was one hell of a sexy little piece.

    Thanking them gratefully, Tracy stood by the door and watched as they
 left. Despite being old enough to be her father, Jim was still a real
 good-looking guy, and Marcy was as sexy as any of the models she saw in
 the fashion magazines. The naughty teenager wondered if they still fucked
 a lot now that they were getting on in years. Tracy considered going
 through the dresser drawers and see if Mrs. Morris had a vibrator or a
 dildo or any spicy literature. But she decided not to.

    If she found a dildo, she would sure as hell use it on herself, and she
 didn't want to cum by herself... not tonight. She figured that she would
 just play with her pussy a little, to keep it on the simmer, and save her
 cumming until Bobby arrived. She telephoned him straight away, knowing he
 would be delighted to hear that they had the use of a house for the
 evening. He would be sure to hurry right over.

    Bobby was even happier than Tracy had guessed he would be, in fact. The
 boy had had an adventure on his way home, and it had turned out to be a
 frustrating affair and, as it happened, he had just been ready to jack
 himself off when Tracy's call interrupted him.

    Soon after leaving Tracy, earlier on, he'd been walking down the street
 near his house, and had noticed Emma Klute sitting on her front steps.
 Emma was a pretty divorcee with a gorgeous body and a sultry manner. Bobby
 new that the redhead had a lot of boyfriends, and he had seen men coming
 and going from her house at all hours of the day and night. Living on her
 divorce settlement, she seemed to have nothing to do all day but wait for
 the next guy to show up.

    Emma was sitting with her knees apart. When Bobby drew level with her,
 he realized that this was a great chance to get a good look up the sexy
 woman's skirt. He stopped and knelt down, pretending that he was tying his
 shoelace. He sneaked a glance up her skirt, and he gulped when he saw that
 Emma wasn't wearing any panties.

    Her hairy pussy was naked and wet, the cuntslit glistening pinkly in
 the afternoon light. Bobby's mouth gaped open as he fumbled with his
 laces, trying not to be too obvious about where he was staring. His cock
 had gotten instantly stiff, and it was difficult to remain stooped down
 with the iron-hard rod jammed against his belly.

    "Like what you see, kid?" Emma asked.

    Bobby flushed and looked up at her face, expecting her to be annoyed.
 But Emma was grinning. She wasn't expecting any of her boyfriends that
 day, and she was feeling extra horny, so she figured it was a lucky thing
 that young Bobby had happened along. He was a lot younger than her regular
 lovers, but `beggars can't be choosers' she thought, eyeing off the
 impressive bulge in the boy's crotch.

    "I don't mind you looking up my dress, Bobby," she said. "You can come
 up for a better look, if you want to."

    Bobby gulped. He rose to his feet again, almost thrown off balance by
 the weight of his rock-hard cock and swollen balls. He knew that the woman
 must be able to see his hard-on outlined in his jeans. He moved closer and
 sat down on a lower step, so that his head was level with her loins. Bold
 and brazen as could be, the pretty redhead lifted the hem of her short
 skirt higher still and spread her sleek thighs apart. Bobby gawked at her
 cunt in awe.

    "Doesn't that look nice, Bobby?" she sighed.

    "Oh, jeez... yeah!" he croaked.

    There were stone walls on both sides of her front steps so that,
 although he had seen her clearly from the sidewalk directly in front, they
 were hidden from the prying eyes of the neighbors.

    It was a very exciting moment for Bobby. The boy hardly dared to hope
 that he could fuck this sexy older woman, but all the signs were there.

    "You like pussy, don't you?" she asked.

    "Oh, yeah!" he enthused.

    Emma hiked her ass up, tilting her cunt right below his fascinated
 face. He was breathing in pussy-perfume, getting dizzy with the heady
 fragrance. Her steamy cunt-lips were unfurled like the petals of a fleshy
 flower and her open cunt-slot was flooded with juice. Emma Klute was one
 very aroused woman.

    "Would you like to kiss it, Bobby? Ummmm? Do you want to kiss my cunt?"

    Bobby uttered a strangled affirmative. He had never eaten a pussy, but
 he had licked his fingers after frigging Tracy off, so he had an idea how
 tasty pussy was. He moved as if hypnotized, drawn by the carnal magnetism
 of her steamy, mature cunt. His head ducked down, and he kissed her creamy
 pussy. Being inexperienced, Bobby kissed her cunt exactly as he would have
 kissed her mouth. He drew back, and she giggled.

    "No, silly... French-kiss me there," she said.

    Bobby dove on her pussy again, stabbing his tongue into the cunt-slot
 as his lips worked on the cunt-lips. He was still kissing her between the
 legs, but this time it was a deep sloppy tongue-kiss.

    "Ahhhh, yesss... like that!" she moaned.

    Bobby was getting the knack of it. He whisked and flailed his tongue
 into her gaping slit and his lips sucked steadily on her hairy cuntlips.
 He came up for air, licking his lips, the succulence of ripe pussy
 tingling on his taste buds. Her cunt-lips had peeled open wide and
 cunt-juice was streaming down her groin and soaking into the crack of her
 ass. She sure looked ready to get fucked, and the horny boy wondered if he
 had given her sufficient oral foreplay. He started to reach down to open
 his fly.

    "Don't stop, darling! Tongue-fuck me silly! Make me cream in your
 mouth. baby!"

    The prospect delighted the boy. He supposed that oral sex to a
 conclusion was much the same as the mutual hand-jobs that he and Tracy had
 so often enjoyed, and that after he had sucked Emma off, she would return
 the favor by milking his meat in her mouth. The thought of getting a
 blow-job from the sexy redhead thrilled the youth every bit as much as the
 idea of fucking her had done. He dove in and resumed the feast.

    Whatever Bobby lacked in experience and technique, he more than made up
 for with enthusiasm. His tongue snaked in as far as it would go and his
 lips sucked voraciously on her gaping pussy.

    "Uuuuuhhhhh... yeahhhh! Stick your tongue right in! God, that feels
 good!" Emma whimpered, enjoying the deliciously depraved thrill of a young
 boy's face in her crotch.

    She jerked and squirmed, grinding her cunt against his mouth, mopping
 his whole lower face with her wet cunt-muff. Bobby had gone suck-crazy
 now. He seemed to be trying to get his face ears-deep up her fuck-slot.
 Moist sounds drifted from her groin. She was so wet that Bobby had to keep
 sucking to prevent himself from drowning in the woman's copious
 cunt-cream. He slid his hands up her thighs and held her by the ass,
 tilting her cunt up as if it were a goblet and he was drinking the elixir
 of life.

    "Suck me hard, kid!" the saucy, sultry divorcee moaned. "Suck my cunt
 till my eyeballs cave in!"

    He gobbled and gurgled and gulped. His mouth filled up and he
 swallowed, but as soon as he opened his lips again, more pussy-nectar
 flowed into his mouth. His tongue was floating as she stabbed it up her
 cunt. The flow from her fuck-hole was getting hotter and thicker and
 creamier as her orgasm drew near her pussy melted. Her head tossed from
 side to side, red hair tumbling wildly over her cheeks. Her hips were
 bucking, moving in a fucking motion on his head.

    Then, with a lusty cry, Emma came, grinding her spasming cunt at the
 boy's mouth. Holding his head in her hands, she pressed his lips over her
 clit and held herself at the crest of her climax, gasping and shuddering,
 finally sliding down through the descending spasms. She slumped back on
 her elbows. Bobby kept on munching in her squirming twat, making sure that
 she had finished her orgasm.

    "Ummmm, Baby... That was lovely," she purred. "You can stop now... I'm
 finished."

    Bobby pulled his mouth from Emma's glistening cunt and burrowed down,
 lapping the overflow out of the crack of her ass. Then he gave her clit
 another suck and lifted his cream-coated face out of her saliva-slathered
 crotch.

   "Was that a nice snack?" grinned the woman lewdly.

    "Oh, wow! I love eating your cunt!"

    "I'm glad. You'll have to stop by more often, Bobby," said Emma, giving
 the boy's head an affectionate pat. " I'll always have a hot lunch waiting
 for you... A gal like me can never get enough teenaged tongue."

    Bobby couldn't believe his luck.  When fooling with Tracy gave him blue
 balls he could stop by here and fuck the gorgeous redhead. In fact, he was
 dying to fuck her right now. His future looked bright indeed. He began to
 undo his pants and take out his straining prick. Then it didn't look so
 bright, at all.

    "What are you doing?" she snapped.

    "Aren't you gonna blow me, now?" he asked, flustered and confused.

    Emma looked indignant.

    "Certainly not!" she rasped, affronted.

    "Do I look like a cradle snatcher?"

    "But... I.... jeez!"

    "You can eat me. But you certainly can't fuck me. And I'm not gonna
 suck your prick. Why, I'm old enough to be your mother, Bobby... it
 wouldn't be right!"

    Bobby stared at her balefully, dismayed and distressed, and bitterly
 disappointed. He didn't regret eating her pussy, certainly. But it didn't
 seem fair that he wasn't allowed to get his rocks off in turn.

    "You're a very presumptuous young man," Emma said. "You ought to be
 grateful that I even let you touch me."

    Bobby clung to the feeble hope that the woman was just teasing him and
 would come across in the end. But as he stood there looking at her, Emma
 got up and walked into her house, closing the door. He heard the lock
 engage behind her with a loud click of finality.

    He just sat there for a minute, feeling miserable. He was tempted to
 jack off on her doorstep, spitefully hoping that she might slip in his
 spunk and crack her skull on the pavement. Her head wasn't good for
 anything else. But he guessed that she might be looking out, and he didn't
 want to give the cock-teaser the satisfaction of seeing him forced to
 resort to his own fist.

    Bobby got up clumsily, his center of gravity shifted into his cock and
 balls. He walked off, awkwardly, with a sort of rolling gait. His muscular
 thighs seemed bowed out around his bloated balls. When he got home, he was
 relieved to find that his mother and father were out. He needed to cum in
 the worst way, and he hated to beat off when he knew that his parents
 might hear the sounds from his bedroom.

    He didn't even bother to haul his hard-on up the stairs, but dropped
 his jeans right in the front room. He knew it was only going to take a
 couple of strokes... the first time, at least, although he might need half
 a dozen cums, as aroused as he was... so he wasn't worried that someone
 might get home before he finished jacking off. He grasped his prick and
 squeezed as if he were choking a boa constrictor. His balls were inflated
 like balloons and his piss-hole was dripping so much that it looked as if
 he had already shot his wad.

    He was just about to take a stroke when the telephone rang. He was
 tempted to ignore it. But he knew that the ringing would distract him from
 his meat-milking mission and so, his cock in one hand, he picked up the
 phone with the other. It was lucky that he did.

    When Tracy told him the good news, Bobby jammed his hard cock back in
 his jeans and zipped them up. He was glad that she had phoned before he
 wasted a load of jism. He only hoped he didn't cream his jeans on the way
 just thinking about fucking Tracy. Then the horny boy began the long walk
 over to Marcy Morris' house.


                              Chapter 6.

    Sam Wells and Ted Danton were both horny young bachelors and always on
 the prowl for pussy. When Jim Morris asked if they would like to fuck his
 voluptuous wife, they thought he was kidding, at first. When he assured
 them he was serious, they figured he was kinky. They were right. But they
 jumped at the chance. If Jim got his kicks by watching other men fuck his
 wife, they were more than happy to accommodate him. Or rather to
 accommodate his gorgeous wife. Marcy Morris was one hell of a
 horny-looking piece of ass.

    Sam was a big, muscular and blond while Ted was slim and wiry with
 dark curly hair. They were both tall, good-looking young men, in good
 shape... and, more importantly, both had huge pricks. They were waiting
 at Sam's apartment when Jim and Marcy arrived at the appointed hour.

    Sam politely asked if they wanted a drink. But Marcy didn't need any
 socializing to break the ice. After what had happened earlier on that
 afternoon, Marcy was in the mood for some fast and furious fucking.

    "Come on, you guys!", she said, fondling the guys' cocks through their
 pants. "I'm too horny to play games. Let's get this show on the road!"

    They all went into the bedroom and undressed. Marcy sprawled out in
 the middle of the large double bed, smiling in happy expectation. Her
 back was arched and her lush legs spread. Jim drew a chair up to the foot
 of the bed and sat down in the ringside seat.

    Sam and Ted weren't sure about how this sort of thing worked, and they
 looked at Jim for advice. He gestured for them both to join his wife on
 the bed at the same time, and they did, one on either side of her.

    They began to feel her up, and she played with their cocks and balls.
 Her dark head turned from side to side as she kissed each young lover in
 turn, and tipped down as she gazed at their groins. Their pricks were
 about the same size, but shaped differently, making for pleasant variety.

    Sam's cock was thick and tubular, with a fat, mushroom-shaped
 cock-knob bulging at the end. And Ted's prick was tapered, thicker at
 the base than the tip... the sort of prick that seemed designed to burrow
 into tight places. Both guys had massive balls that held promise of
 plentiful cum-loads.

    They began to suck Marcy's tits, both groping into her groin from
 opposite sides. Jim was grinning wolfishly as he watched. He was leaning
 forward in his chair and his hard-on was jutting up so tall that the
 cock-knob was damned near brushing him under his chin as he bent over his
 prick.

    Marcy didn't need much foreplay, having been hot and wet to begin
 with. And Sam and Ted were both highly aroused, their pricks dripping
 with pre-cum. It was evident that they would cum very fast once they
 began to fuck her, and from previous experience with younger lovers,
 Marcy knew it would be a good idea to drain their initial cum-loads off
 so that they would last longer when they fucked her. She also knew that
 her husband would appreciate seeing her swallow their cum before they
 rammed those monstrous cocks of theirs into her drooling twat.

    "C'mon up here, boys,", she said, smiling wantonly. "I wanna suck your
 big pricks for starters."

    They gave little yelps of delight and moved up, kneeling on opposite
 sides of Marcy's head. She kissed both of their cock-heads, then sucked
 Sam's swollen cock-knob into her mouth. The blond guy immediately began
 to face-fuck her frantically and Marcy spluttered as he rammed his cock
 back into her throat. Ted held his prick out over her occupied face,
 eagerly awaiting his turn in her hot, sucking mouth. Jim's eyes were
 glowing as he watched the intensely arousing scene before him.

    On each stroke, Sam's thick prick came out slick and glistening with
 saliva, then he pushed back in, stuffing Marcy's mouth and throat with as
 much of his shaft as she could take without choking. He fucked her face
 for a few minutes with Ted standing nearby, rubbing his own huge cock in
 frustration as he watched his friend getting the cock-sucking of his
 life.

    Suddenly, Sam stiffened and grunted, the muscles of his naked ass
 clenching and unclenching rapidly. When he pulled out again, his cock was
 all covered with creamy jizz. He had cum abruptly, without warning. One
 moment Marcy had a mouthful of throbbing cock-meat, and the next her
 mouth was brimful of hot creamy cum.

    She swallowed Sam's sperm-load hungrily as he pumped away and emptied
 his balls into her gulping mouth. When his cock stopped spurting cum,
 Marcy let it slip from her lips and smiled at her husband. She opened her
 mouth so that Jim could see the silvery film of cum that was coating her
 tongue. Then, immediately she turned to Ted and swallowed his long,
 tapered prick into her greedy mouth.

    Ted shot his load even faster than Sam had. He had been extremely
 turned on by the sight of this naked uninhibited woman giving his friend
 head, and he'd been jerking off while he watched, so he was well primed
 for rapid orgasm. His cock plowed into Marcy's mouth like a hot knife
 through butter, the tapered prick-shaft hissing through the
 tightly-stretched ring of her lips and his full balls slapping her under
 the chin with solid whacks.

    "Yeah... fuck her face! Use my wife's mouth like a cunt!" Jim croaked,
 thrilled by the sight and the sound of the cock-sucking, exquisite pangs
 of jealousy adding to his excitement.

    Ted pulled back and Marcy whispered on the head of his cock as if it
 were a microphone.

    "Cum in my mouth, baby... I'm so hot for your spunk! Let me have it
 all, honey!"

    She was speaking more for her husband's benefit than Ted's, knowing
 that her wanton words and depraved desires would increase the thrill for
 Jim. But her words affected Ted, too, and a couple of seconds later the
 young man began to spray her throat with hot cum. Marcy gulped his jism
 down and sucked for more.

    Then, so that her husband could get a good look at the creamy climax
 and see just what she was swallowing, Marcy pulled her lips off the head
 of Ted's prick. She finished him off by pumping her fist up and down on
 his glistening prick-shaft, at the same time holding her mouth wide open
 an inch from his piss-hole, letting the milky cum spurt in. Marcy moaned
 and gulped, and Jim gasped as he watched in fevered fascination. It
 wasn't the first time he had seen his loving wife swallow another man's
 cock-cream this way, but it never ceased to thrill him.

    Marcy jacked Ted off into her face, then sucked his slimy cock-head in
 for another suck. His cock was still stiff and swollen, and, glancing
 from the corners of her eyes, she saw that Sam also still had a fat,
 firm prick standing rampant.

    It had been a great idea to take their first loads in her mouth, she
 figured, since both guys were still ready to fuck. And it had made an
 exciting overture for her husband to look at and listen to, as well. But,
 now it was time for what they'd all come here for tonight... some hot 'n
 heavy fucking!

                            + + + + + +

    Tracy could have learned a thing or two from Marcy, in regard to such
 things. At the same time that Ted was emptying his balls into Marcy's
 mouth, Bobby arrived at the Morris house, hot and flushed from the long
 walk. It had taken him quite a while to get there, because he had been
 laboring under the enormous burden of a huge hard-on, and had to step
 gingerly to avoid crushing his bloated cock and balls between his thighs.

    Tracy met him at the door, grinning when she saw the huge bulge in his
 crotch. She was extremely excited already, since she had been playing
 with her pussy while she waited, but had avoided the temptation to bring
 herself off with her hands. Her little teenage pussy was sizzling.

    She led him into the living room and they both took their clothing off
 without delay. They could neck and pet, clothed, anytime, but this was a
 rare opportunity to be naked in private and they were in no mood to waste
 any time in preliminaries or foreplay.

    Bobby's prick was rock-hard and oozing pre-cum freely, and his balls
 looked ready to explode. If Tracy had been as astute as Marcy, she would
 have had the sense to bring the young boy off with her mouth to begin
 with. She certainly wanted to suck Bobby's cock, and he sure as hell
 wanted to feed her pretty little mouth some prick. But it didn't dawn on
 either of the randy teenagers that the logical sequence would be to suck
 first and follow it up with a fuck. They were too excited.

    Tracy stretched out along the couch and Bobby mounted her, kneeling
 between her wide-spread thighs. She arched her slim back and lifted her
 hips, tilting her young cunt up. Bobby wasted no time in fitting the tip
 of his cock into her drooling little cunt-slit, but Tracy was too horny
 to wait. She was filled with urgent, adolescent impatience.

    "Uhhhhh, come on! Put it in! Shove it up my cunt!" she squealed,
 grabbing the boy by the shoulders and pumping her young hips up at him.

    Bobby braced his knees and tensed his ass, holding the girl under her
 haunches as he lifted her loins up. Then he hunched forward and down,
 burying his prick balls-deep in her tight, juicy cunt with a single
 cock-thrust. He held his prick buried, savoring the thrill of having
 every solid inch of his throbbing fucker stuffed up a clinging teenage
 cunt, at the same time letting Tracy relish the joy of having her snug
 little pussy filled to the brim with his rock-hard cock. Her cunt-muscles
 pulled and sucked and she wriggled and squirmed, impaled deliciously on
 his prick.

    Tracy began to fuck first... she couldn't help it. Her cock-filled
 twat ached for more direct stimulation. She raised and lowered her ass
 rapidly, fucking her little pussy up and down on his prick before Bobby
 even had a chance to move. By the time the boy recovered and began to
 fuck her back, it was too late. He was so excited, and her hot, juicy
 little cunt was so tight, poor Bobby shot his load on the second stroke.

    He lunged into her to the balls and stiffened above her, his steaming
 spunk squirting into her pussy in a torrent. More jizz jetted out on the
 back-stroke. Tracy wailed. She was thrilled to feel his fuck-juice
 squirting up her cunt, to be sure, but she was disappointed, as well. It
 had happened too fast, and she hadn't reached her own peak yet.

    Bobby gasped and groaned, pumping lots of jizz into her, but finishing
 quickly. All of his pent-up cum rushed out in a few fast spurts. He
 stopped humping, holding his drained cock jammed into her cunt, panting.
 Tracy kept on fucking her pussy up and down, angling her groin so that
 she was rubbing her clit on his cock-shaft.

    His virile young balls recharged almost instantly, and his cock stayed
 hard as a rock. Without ever removing his prick from her pussy for even a
 moment, Bobby began to fuck Tracy again. This time, it was slower and
 more satisfying. They undulated together, moving in perfect harmony. But
 because they had fucked straight away, and continued without uncoupling
 at all, the kids never did get around to the sucking they both craved.
 That would come later. And turn out a lot differently than they ever
 imagined...



                              Chapter 7.

    Marcy rolled over and got on top of Sam, squatting over his hips. She
 rubbed his cock-head around in her gooey cunt-gash, then settled down,
 taking all of the big blonde stud's cock up into her pussy. She hunched
 down, holding all of the long, thick shaft jammed up her cunt. Then she
 fucked up and down through a couple of inches, making sure her husband got
 a good clear view.

    Jim was watching from the foot of the bed, behind her, so that be could
 see Sam's thick, slimy prick fucking in and out of Marcy's pussy and his
 big, hairy balls pumping like panting lungs at the base. Marcy looked over
 her shoulder and grinned at her excited husband as he gazed on
 approvingly. She reached back to fondle Sam's balls for a moment, but then
 moved her hand away so that she wasn't blocking Jim's view of the action.
 Ted was impatiently waiting his turn, clearly unhappy that he would get
 sloppy seconds in Marcy's insatiable pussy. But the tapered contours of
 his cock had given the adventurous woman an idea.

    "Why don't you climb aboard, too, Ted?" she suggested, wriggling her
 ass at him enticingly.

    At first, he wasn't sure what she had in mind.

    "Butt-fuck me, baby!" she panted.

    Ted looked startled and glanced at Jim.

    "Yeah... fuck her up the ass!" Jim encouraged.

    Ted had never double-fucked a girl before, and the thought of plunging
 his cock into Marcy's asshole while his buddy fucked her cunt was
 deliciously depraved and the fact that Marcy's husband was going to watch
 them sandwich his gorgeous wife turned him on even more. He knelt behind
 her shapely ass and guided the tapered head of his cock into her asshole.
 His cock was perfectly shaped for nudging into her a tight little socket.
 He held her by her hips and, as Marcy squatted all the way down on Sam's
 prick, Ted began to slowly work his long, thin cock up into her puckered
 little shit-chute.

    Marcy's asshole was tiny but flexible, and as she loosened her
 ass-ring, Ted's cock sank into her like a hot knife into butter. He
 burrowed in balls-deep then held his cock buried there, his cock-knob
 bulging and flaring in her bowels and his cock-shaft throbbing and
 levering like a crowbar up Marcy's snug little back-passage.

    Ted's balls were jammed against Sam's as both men stuffed her twin
 tunnels simultaneously. Marcy squirmed around on the double penetration,
 loving every second of it, keeping them both bedded to the hilt for a few
 moments. Then the gorgeous naked woman started to undulate between the
 guys. She fucked her cunt up and down on Sam's prick, as Ted's prick
 fucked in and out of her ass. The hard cocks were passing inside her loins
 like trains in a tunnel, rubbing together through the thin membrane that
 separated them.

    Marcy was in paradise. With her cunt and her ass being fucked at the
 same time and with her adoring husband looking on, Marcy was radiant and
 glowing with joy. Sam humped up, plunging his cock into the very depths of
 her clinging cunt as Ted rammed deeply into her asshole, packing her to
 the limit with hot, throbbing prick. They fucked her in unison, then on
 alternating strokes. The friction was fierce and the double penetration
 made Marcy twice as tight as her twin holes clasped the two deeply-fucking
 cocks.

    "Fuck my cunt! Ohhhh, shit! Fuck my ass!" she babbled, starting to
 cream and yearning to feel their jizz gush into her twin holes of
 pleasure.

    The men redoubled their efforts as they both surged toward a
 simultaneous crest. Marcy's curvaceous body was being tumbled around
 between them, like a meaty bone over which two savage hounds were
 fighting. Sam gasped and a geyser of cum cascaded straight up into the
 depths of Marcy's cunt. At the same instant, Ted howled and his hot
 sperm-enema gushed into her quivering bowels. They kept on fucking in and
 out, their pricks pumping the spunk from her slots as they stuffed her to
 the brim.

    Ted's cum ran down the crack of her ass and mixed with Sam's sperm in
 her groin. Marcy's cunt creamed and her asshole melted as Sam and Ted
 climaxed in harmony. She could feel the spunk slosh in her pussy and flow
 sluggishly in her asshole. And even when the squirting ended and the dregs
 trickled into her, Marcy kept on fucking both pricks, trying to reach her
 own release... but unfortunately they were finished.

    It alarmed the promiscuous woman to feel the guys' cocks start to
 diminish inside her. She had had a lot of fun so far, but with two young
 lovers and a watching husband, she was in the mood for lots more. Ted sank
 back and his cock pulled out of her ass inch by slimy inch. His cock came
 out limp and snaking around and when the tapered cock-knob popped free,
 the limp shaft collapsed and lay down his trembling thigh, dripping cum.

    Marcy rose up and Sam's cock slithered from her flooded pussy. It, too,
 had gone soft and it flopped down onto his belly in a limp coil. Their
 balls too looked equally deflated. Marcy gave a moan of dismay and dove
 down to suck Sam's glistening cock. But his prick bent and looped around,
 rolling over her tongue and snaking into her cheeks, remaining soft
 despite her frantic oral attentions.

    She twisted around and lowered her head and sucked Ted's ass-soaked
 prick into her mouth. She nursed, relishing the tart taste of cock-meat
 that had just been up an asshole. But, flavorsome or not, Ted's cock, too,
 refused to stiffen again. Marcy polished Ted's prick-knob to a luster,
 then fell back with a sigh and a frustrated moan. Ted and Sam both looked
 a trifle sheepish. They felt inadequate in the light of this lustful
 lady's insatiable desire.

    Luckily, Jim was waiting.

    Seeing that the adulterous action was ended, Jim moved onto the bed
 with his wife. Ted and Sam lingered for a moment. But unlike Jim, neither
 of them really got a kick out of watching other people fuck and suck.
 Besides, she wasn't their wife... which was what made it so exciting for
 Jim. They left the bedroom to have a drink and talk, in terms of awe,
 about Marcy Morris.

    Jim and Marcy embraced lovingly and he kissed her passionately, probing
 her hot mouth with his tongue and sucking at her cum-coated tongue. He
 slid down, licking his way down her slick torso and diving on her pussy.
 His tongue lashed in and he sucked his wife's creamy slot, whimpering and
 worshiping at her succulent fuck-hole.

    Marcy wrapped the velvet vise of her thighs around her husband's head
 and rode his face as he slurped and munched and gobbled gleefully in her
 cum-filled cunt. Jim grabbed her by the hips and rolled her over,
 spreading the creamy cheeks of her ass open with his hands. He snaked his
 tongue into her well-fucked asshole, wiggling it 'round and 'round as he
 sucked at the puckered rim. Jizz gushed out and saliva flooded in.

    Jim rimmed and sucked her ass for a while. He was belly-down on the bed
 and his huge prick was trapped beneath him, twitching and jerking with
 arousal. His ass and hips were being lifted on the end of his cock. Jim
 adored sucking his wife's asshole and cunt after other men had shot their
 cum in her, but now he was desperate to get his own rocks off.

    He rose onto his knees. Marcy stayed as she was, her dark head down on
 the bed and her gorgeous ass poking up into the air in wanton invitation.
 Jim fitted the head of his prick into her gooey cunt-slot from behind,
 nudging it into place. He paused with his cock-knob bedded and his thick,
 glistening shaft standing out like a tubular bridge connecting his balls
 to her cunt.

    "Fuck me like a dog, darling!" she wailed.

    Jim sank his prick in to the hilt, held the penetration for a moment,
 then began to fuck her deeply, bouncing her back and forth on his violent
 fuck-strokes. Marcy fucked with him, shoving her cunt back like a bitch in
 heat.

    The curve of her ass slapping against her husband's flat belly. His
 balls swung like the clappers of a bell, slapping loudly against her
 cum-covered crotch. Marcy's cunt melted around his prick, and she
 whimpered and wiggled like a bitch in heat as he dog-fucked her
 frantically.

    Then, suddenly his hot cock-cream was gushing into the core of her
 cunt-hole, coming out so hard that she could almost hear it whoosh. They
 fucked through the spasms of climax. Finished, he withdrew and they
 cuddled together, kissing with loving devotion.

    Jim's prick was still hard and his balls were still swollen, despite
 the abundant load of cum they had just spent in Marcy's pussy. But they
 didn't see much point in fucking again at Sam's apartment. If Sam and Ted
 were no longer capable of being involved, Jim and Marcy figured that they
 might as well go back home.

    They left the bedroom and found the two men sitting naked in the living
 room, glasses in hand, and cocks drooping down like limp noodles. They
 agreed to get together for another fuck-session soon, although they didn't
 make a definite date, because Jim and Marcy were a bit disillusioned by
 the lack of stamina that the two young bachelors had shown.

    Driving home, Marcy made a suggestion.

    "Let's park the car down the street and walk the last block home,
 darling. I'm sure that Tracy and Bobby wanted to use our house to fuck,
 and maybe we can catch them at it if we sneak up and peek through the
 window."

    Jim, being the voyeur that he was, was heartily enthused by the
 prospect. His biggest kick was watching his wife in action, to be sure,
 but that didn't mean he wouldn't enjoy playing the peeper on a pair of
 horny young teenage lovers. Jim parked the car and they walked up the
 street, arm in arm, kissing and fondling occasionally like a couple of
 newly-weds. Then scurrying across their lawn to peek into their own living
 room through the side window.

    They got there just in time. Because young Bobby had shot off real fast
 once, and then embarked on a long, slow second fucking. The two teenagers
 were just reaching the crest when Jim and Marcy came up to the window to
 spy on them. It made an interesting show. And it would lead to even more
 interesting encounters, before the night was done...


                              Chapter 8.

    Bobby was fucking Tracy deeply, his muscular young ass rising and
falling slowly as he slid his stiff prick in and out of the girl's cunt
at a slow, even pace. Tracy had her slim legs wrapped around him,
undulating her hips up at his cock-thrusts as she pressed down on the
small of his back with her heels, his swinging balls slapping
rhythmically against her little pink asshole.

    Jim and Marcy exchanged conspiratorial grins, then concentrated on
the show. Bobby's long, hard cock came out glistening with cunt-juice and
slogged avidly back in, pumping more cream from Tracy's eager young pussy
as he fucked her. Her crotch was shiny with her spilled arousal and her
tightly-stretched little fuck-hole clung to Bobby's thick cock-shaft like
a tiny sucking mouth. The muscles of his young thighs rippled visibly
each time he drove into her, pounding her naked little ass deep into the
cushions of the couch with each powerful lunge.

    The window was open at the bottom, so Jim and Marcy could not only
see the coupled pair, they could hear the sounds that the lusty young
teenagers were making as they fucked... the faint hiss of his cock-shaft
as it slid in, the slap of balls on her ass, the slurping of her tight,
wet little suction-cup cunt, along with the moaning and gurgling from
their panting mouths.

    Jim was getting turned on by the pretty girl's firm, slender young
body, her taut, jiggling little tits and especially the obvious tightness
of her tiny lightly-fuzzed young cunt. Marcy was getting doubly aroused,
hot for Tracy as well as for the boy who was fucking her so expertly.
Bobby dipped down and kissed Tracy's hotly-parted lips, then began to
suck on her tits, his ass and hips still keeping up the steady, regulated
pumping action. Then he straightened his arms and braced himself against
the couch, stepping up the pace a bit as he started to fuck her faster
and harder.

    Within a minute or so, Bobby was very obviously pouring the prick to
Tracy on the cum-strokes. And from the way that her limber young body was
shaking and shuddering beneath his frantic thrusts, Jim and Marcy could
tell that the pretty little blonde was creaming on her boyfriend's cock.

    "Cum, Bobby... shoot in me!" she wailed. "Fill my cunt with your
jizz!"

    The boy grunted, gasped and fucked even faster. His long, shiny cock
vanished completely, sinking into Tracy's clasping twat to the hilt, then
came pulling out, with her clinging cunt-lips distending down the thick
cock-shaft, almost pulling her tiny pussy inside out.

    "Uhhhh, fuck! Here it comes!" he growled.

    "Ohhhhhh, uuuuuuuuuhhhhhh, yesssssssss", hissed Tracy, hunching her
deeply-impaled young cunt up at Bobby's pumping, squirting prick.

    A deluge of teenage cum poured into her quivering pussy, spurt after
hot spurt filling her tiny cock-filled hole to overflowing. Bobby's
jizz-jets shot into the depths of her cunt and mixed with her cunt-cum,
only to be forced out around the shaft of his pistoning cock as it
slammed again and again into her gooey, sperm-filled little pussy.
Bobby's cock seemed to swell to twice the size as he emptied his balls
into her cunt. That, combined with the incredible pleasure of feeling the
boy's hot, thick sperm jetting up inside her, soon had the young girl
writhing and squealing in total ecstasy.

    The kids fucked each other through the crest and down the slow spiral
of release. Bobby's balls flopped around, slack and spent now, but his
prick was still stiff and vibrant as he fucked in and out of Tracy's
slippery little cunt at a more sedate pace.

    Then slowly, their movements ceased and the young lovers kissed
passionately in the aftermath of their mutual climax. Bobby pulled his
prick out and a gush of sperm and cunt-cream flowed from her open
fuck-hole before her elastic young cuntlips snapped shut, trapping the
rest inside.

    God, she must be as tight as a virgin, thought Jim as he stared at
the thin, glistening pink line of Tracy's young pussy-slit. Marcy's
mature cunt gaped open for ages after she was fucked, but this girl's
tight twat looked as if it hadn't even seen a prick before, let alone
just been fucked! Only the glistening sheen which covered her slender
young thighs and the rosy flush of excitement on her face betrayed the
fact that just seconds ago she'd been writhing in the throes of orgasm
with a big, fat cock stuffed up her hot little cunt.

    Bobby was keen to go down on Tracy and show her what he had learned
about cunt-sucking... although he wasn't about to tell her about the
gorgeous divorcee on whose tasty cunt he had learned the luscious lesson.

    He sucked her nubile young tits and worked his way down her sleek
tummy as Tracy quivered in anticipation of a cuntful of avid tongue. She
wouldn't have cared where Bobby had learned to eat pussy, as long as he
used that newly acquired knowledge on her own steamy, swampy cunt.

    Bobby lowered his head between his girlfriend's thighs and pressed
his face into her cunt, then began to suck and lick at her tasty pink
slit for all he was worth. Tracy had cum wonderfully on his prick, but
now she started to melt again as soon as his nimble tongue began to
probe her horny pussy.

    She lifted her ass of the couch and moaned, grinding her cunt-mound
up against his mouth as Bobby lapped at her hot little slit. The boy was
tongue-fucking in deep and sucking on the lightly-fuzzed lips, his mouth
open wide and easily engulfed her tiny slot and slit together.

    Tracy's knees shot up and hit her heaving tits, her feet pumping in
the air. She locked her legs around his head for a moment, but there was
no need to hold him where he wanted to be, and she released the scissor
grip, giving the boy free rein to mouth her tasty little cunt-slit as he
pleased.

    "Suck me, Bobby!" she wailed. "Uhhhhh, yeahhhhh... you do it so
good!"

    "Mmmffff! Cum on my tongue, baby!" he moaned, the words muffled by
her succulent cunt-flesh.

    Tracy shuddered convulsively and climaxed again, this time into
Bobby's wide-open mouth. Cunt-cum spilled down the boy's chin and cheeks
as he struggled to suck and lick it all up. Jim envied Bobby that tasty
feast. Marcy envied both of the randy teenagers, wishing that it was her
cunt that was being tongued and that it was her tongue being creamed on.
Tracy jerked through the spasms, gasping and panting, then sprawled out,
a dreamy smile on her radiant young face. Bobby sucked a bit longer, then
used his tongue to lick up the seepage from her slit, from the insides of
her slick, creamy thighs and out of her tight little ass-crack.

    "Ohhhh, God! That was so good!" Tracy sighed.

    Bobby raised his head from of her crotch and grinned at her, his
cheeks and jaw glistening with her juices.

    "Sucking pussy is great," he muttered, giving the girl a significant
look.

    "Want me to suck you off now?" she offered.

    "Oh, yeah! You wanna?"

    "I wanna suck your prick and swallow all of your sweet jizz, baby,"
she purred, licking her lips suggestively.

    Tracy understood that giving head was a mutual sort of favor. But,
besides `owing' him a blow-job, she was hungry for his cock-cream, too.
Hand-jobs had done them long enough and now that they had become real
lovers, Tracy was eager to find out what all the variations of sex she'd
heard about were like for herself.

    Bobby leaned back and thrust his cock up. Tracy twisted around and
curled onto her side, her blonde head poised over his rigid prick. She
stared at his cock like a sweet-toothed child looking at a candy cane.
Pre-cum had begun to discharge from the hole at the tip while he was
sucking her cunt, and now his purple cock-knob looked like a fat plum
coated with whipped cream.

    The fact that his cock was also drenched with her cunt-juice didn't
disturb her at all, she'd tasted herself often enough on her fingers
after she masturbated. The creamy coating only made Bobby's
tasty-looking prick look even more delectable.

    He pulsed his prick muscle, making the cock-shaft throb and the
bloated head flare even more. A little drool fell from her parted lips
and Marcy thought she could almost hear it sizzle when it splashed on
the boy's prick-knob.

    "Lick it, Tracy! C'mon, baby... suck me off!" Bobby urged, humping
upward. But he wasn't begging for it. He knew that Tracy was as hot for a
mouthful of cock as he was to feed it to her.

    Tracy lowered her head, avoiding his cock for the moment. The long,
thick cock-shaft skimmed along her cheek as she went down onto his balls.
She began to lick his hairy balls noisily, savoring the musky flavour as
a first course. She slicked her tongue all over the solid ball-sacs,
feeling another massive cum-load surging around inside in a thick, turgid
tide. Her lips parted and she started to suck his balls as if she were
trying to ingest his jism right from the source, through the skin of his
balls. Bobby was yelping and gasping at the delicious sucking sensations.

    Tracy's little blonde head bobbed about in his groin as she worked
right down between his spread thighs, turning her pretty face up as she
mouthed the underside of his nut-sac. All this ball sucking felt
fantastic, but Bobby was afraid that he was going to blow his wad off
while his girlfriend was still sucking his balls. It would be no
hardship, to be sure, but he wanted to cum in her hot, sucking mouth.

    "Suck my cock, baby!" he panted.

    Eager to taste his cock as well, Tracy took one last slurp of the
boy's balls, then placed her curled tongue against the underside of his
cock and slowly drew it up to the crown. Bobby moaned as she licked along
the pulsing ventral vein and her hot little tongue flicked around the
sensitive ring where his cock-head loomed out from the thick, throbbing
shaft.

    Tracy licked up and down the boy's stiff prick, the familiar taste
her own cunt-cream adding to the thrill of taking him into her mouth for
the first time. Pre-cum trickled down from his prick-knob and she lapped
it up greedily. Then, she opened her mouth and swallowed as much of his
cock as she could, sliding her tightly-stretched lips up and down Bobby's
virile young stalk as he looked down at her excitedly, moaning and
groaning in absolute pleasure.

    His prick slid easily into her young mouth, although she could only
take about half of his raging erection before she began to gag. The lower
half, she instinctively gripped in her tiny fist and jacked up and down
in opposing rhythm to her bobbing head.

    Bobby threw back his handsome young head and groaned loudly as Tracy
sucked and jerked on his throbbing prick. Occasionally she'd rest her
throat muscles and just suck on the cock-knob, other times she's run her
lips and tongue down the shaft and back again, but inevitably her hot,
moist little mouth returned to engulf the boy's huge erection as deeply
as she could handle.


                              Chapter 9.

    Marcy and Jim were going wild as they watched the naughty teenagers.
 They exchanged glances of tacit understanding. Looking was fun, but they
 were both much too hot and horny to remain passive observers.

    "How'd you like Tracy's hot little mouth sucking your cock, darling?"
 Marcy whispered.

    "Ohhh, fuck yeah... I can almost feel it now.... You want Bobby's cock
 too, don't you baby?" replied Jim with a grin.

    "I want both of them," Marcy murmured, licking her lips.

    They made hurried, heated, whispered plans, while Tracy continued to
 dance her tongue against the flaring, slimy slab of Bobby's cock-head.
 Jim dashed back to the car, damn near stumbling over his hard-on. He
 drove into the driveway and got out, slamming the door loudly, so that
 the naughty teenagers would be warned that the householders were home.
 That was part of the plan.

    Marcy was waiting at the door and they went in, making plenty of noise
 and Proceeding slowly down the hall. By the time they went into the
 living room, Tracy and Bobby were dressed and sitting on the couch,
 trying to act innocent-but looking flushed and flustered and guilty.

    "You're home early," Tracy said, unable to conceal the disappointment
 in her tone.

    "Afraid so," Marcy said.

    Marcy turned to Jim, who was fixing himself a drink at the corner
 bar... not because he wanted a drink, but so that he had an excuse to
 turn his back and hide his raging hard-on from the two youngsters... for
 the moment.

    "Tracy is going to spend the night here, darling," Marcy said. "Maybe
 I should give Bobby a ride home. He lives quite a long ways away."

    "Sure," Jim agreed.

    "Ready to go, Bobby?" Marcy asked.

    Ready to cum, is more like it, thought the frustrated young man. But
 he didn't see that he had much choice, so he nodded and got up, his hands
 stuffed down into his side pockets, stooped over his groin in a valiant
 attempt to conceal his massive cock-bulge. Bobby supposed that he was
 going to have to go home and jack off alone in his own bed. It was a
 pretty feeble substitute for Tracy's mouth.

    "See you tomorrow, then, Tracy," he said.

    Tracy, who was as distraught at having their sex-play cut short
 aborted as Bobby was, smiled sadly and wistfully at her young boyfriend
 and let the tip of her pink tongue slip across her slimy lips, as a sort
 of promise of things to come.

    Shuffling along, bent over his alarming cock-bulge, Bobby followed
 Marcy out to the car. She got behind the wheel and he got into the
 passenger seat. She put the keys in the ignition and fiddled with them,
 delaying starting the engine unnecessarily. She was glancing sideways at
 the young man, looking sly and speculative.

    Bobby had a horrible idea that Mrs. Morris had noticed his hard-on and
 that she was about to deliver a stern lecture about pre-marital sex. But
 that was the furthest thought from the raven-haired housewife's mind. Her
 gaze shifted down to his bulging crotch. Bobby blushed with guilt and
 shame.

    "We came home too soon, didn't we, honey?" she asked in a husky voice.

    "Errrrr...ahhhh.... I...." Bobby stammered.

    "Tracy was blowing you, wasn't she?"

    Bobby gasped. The boy was aghast. Yet he could detect no castigation
 or recrimination in the pretty woman's tone.

    "You must feel awfully frustrated and disappointed, Bobby," she said
 softly. "I feel terrible about ruining your fun."

    Bobby was relieved by her tolerant attitude, but still squirmed
 uncomfortably, not knowing what to do or say under such disturbing
 circumstances.

    Then Marcy put her hand on his knee.

    "Would you like me to finish the job that Tracy started, baby?" she
 whispered suggestively.

    Bobby almost fainted.

    "Mmmmm? Do you want me to suck you off, darling?"

    "Ohhhhh, yeah! Oh, Mrs. Morris!"

    He could hardly believe what she had offered. Bobby had already been
 frustrated twice today, in his quest for relief, first by the redheaded
 divorcee's selfish refusal to return the oral favor and then by the
 untimely interruption just as he was about to get his rocks off in
 Tracy's hot, sucking young mouth. He couldn't believe that Mrs. Morris
 was really going to suck him off until his cock was in her mouth.

    Bobby needn't have been so skeptical.

    He gasped as Marcy took her blouse off, and he ogled her large, firm
 tits as she thrust them out. His head ducked toward her tits, and she let
 him suck on them for a few seconds before lowering her own head eagerly
 between Bobby's legs. Marcy was hungry for his young cock. His hot mouth
 on her tits had felt real nice, but Marcy was so horny from watching
 Tracy suck his cock, she needed no foreplay herself. She opened his fly
 and reached in, hauling his cock and balls out in one meaty handful.

    "Ooooooh, God!" she sighed.

    She had already known how huge his cock was, but she was thrilled by
 how hard and hot it was, now. The cock-knob was slathered with pre-cum
 and glistening with the remnants of Tracy's sticky saliva.

    Marcy slid down onto the floor. Cupping her heavy tits in both hands,
 she took his prick into the cleavage. Bobby humped, fucking up and down
 between her tits. Her face was turned down as she watched his bloated
 cock-head vanish in her smooth cleavage, then come sliding back out and
 skimming up her breastbone, leaving a foaming trail of cock-lube.

    Bobby tit-fucked her for a few moments while Marcy savored the
 anticipation. Then her head went down, and as his prick loomed up from
 her abundant cleavage, she took the flaring cock-knob into her mouth.

    Humping up from the car seat, Bobby fucked into her face as Marcy
 bobbed her head up and down, swallowing the boy's long, hard cock as it
 rammed up.

    She was deep-throating the stiff teenaged cock-meat, taking it right
 down her throat. His balls hit her trembling chin, then rolled up to her
 lips. He was trying to fuck in, balls and all, into her tight, hot mouth.

    Pre-cum dribbled onto Marcy's tongue, driving her taste buds crazy,
 whetting her appetite for his full cum-load. She had already sucked two
 cocks this evening, but she was never satisfied and, besides, teenage cum
 always turned her on more than the cum of a man.

    "Ohhh, Jesus! Suck my cock, Mrs Morris! Oh baby, yeahhhhh, take it
 all... fuck, that's fantastic!" panted Bobby.

    He drove his prick in and she gagged, but took it gladly, then sucked
 back up to the prick-knob, her hot, clinging lips scraping down his
 cock-shaft. Her mouth was already filling up repeatedly with pre-cum. The
 virile young man had fed her as much pre-cum as either Sam or Ted had fed
 her when they got their rocks off... and she still had the joy of feeling
 his young cock explode in her mouth ahead of her.

    Her tongue was floating like a pliable pink raft in a swamp. Cock-lube
 coated her teeth and gums and swirled in her cheeks and painted her
 palate. The stuff was as thick and sticky as heated glue. Marcy pulled
 her mouth off his cock for a second and looked up at him.

    "Cum in my mouth, Bobby!" she begged, "Give it to me, sweetheart...
 ummmmmmmhhhhh!"

    Her pleas were choked off as Bobby rammed his cock back into her
 mouth, fucking her face. Then she sucked back up to the cock-head, her
 eyes gazing hotly into his.

    "Squirt for me, baby!"

    "Uhhhhh, shit! Yessss! I'm cummin'...... cummin'.... Mrs. Morris! "
 the youth gasped.

    His prick swelled and throbbed, squirting into her mouth as Marcy
 bobbed her head up and down on him. Hot, thick sperm sprayed her mouth
 and throat. Marcy bobbed and opened her mouth as wide as she could,
 taking his cock into her throat balls-deep, then pulling back to hold
 just the cock-tip in her Lips. Bobby was shooting out jets of jizz as he
 plunged in and spilling more spunk out as he whipped his prick back.
 Finally, he was drained and slumped back, groaning.

    He felt as if Mrs. Morris had sucked his every ounce of fluid in his
 body out. He didn't know how good Tracy would suck cock, given the
 chance, but he didn't see how anyone could milk his meat better than this
 beautiful woman.

    Even after he'd finished, Marcy kept on sucking, ravenous and
 voracious, still pulling a few last gooey threads of cum from his young
 cock although he had stopped spurting. When she was certain that she had
 drained his prick, Marcy pulled her gooey lips from his cock-knob and
 used her tongue to gather up the sweet spunk that had spilled from her
 lips and run back down onto his balls.

    The boy's prick stayed stiff. His balls began to swell again. Bobby
 was in seventh heaven. But the thoughtful young man had only one regret.
 His girlfriend had been longing to swallow a load of cum, and he felt
 sorry that Tracy had been deprived. But, of course, Tracy wasn't
 deprived, at all...


                             Chapter 10.

    Facing the corner bar, pretending to be carefully mixing himself a
 drink, Jim waited until he heard the car doors close, and didn't hear the
 engine start. Then he grinned and looked back over his shoulder.

    Tracy was still sitting on the couch. She was hoping that Mr. Morris
 would tell her where her room was, so that she could go to bed naked and
 finger-fuck her itchy little cunt to a climax.

    "You've got cum on your lips, kid," he said.

    Tracy looked startled and her face turned bright red.

    "That's okay, honey," Jim assured her. "Hell, a girl who won't suck
 cock isn't worth a pinch of coon-shit. You don't have to be embarrassed."

    "I... it's only pre-cum," she murmured.

    Jim knew that full well, but he raised his eyebrows as if in surprise.
 His hands were moving and, with his back to the teenager, it appeared to
 her that he was still shaking a cocktail. But he was secretly opening his
 trousers and dragging his cock and balls out.

    "Didn't you finish the job, then? Didn't you let your boyfriend cream
 in your mouth?"

    Tracy didn't want Mr. Morris to think that she was a cock-teaser who
 had deliberately denied her boyfriend the delight of cumming in her
 mouth.

    "I was going to... but then you and Mrs Morris... er... Marcy came
 home, before we got a chance to finish."

    "That must have frustrated Bobby, huh?"

    Tracy managed an impish grin.

    "It frustrated me, too, Mr. Morris," she said. "I never had a guy
 shoot in my mouth before, and I was really looking forward to swallowing
 his jizz!"

    "Still in the mood, baby?" he rasped.

    Tracy was getting the picture.

    She nodded shyly, smiling timidly, but letting the tip of her tongue
 show in the cleft of her sensually parted young lips.

    Jim turned around, his exposed hard-on loomed out and, as he spun
 around, it swung like the turret gun of a battleship.

    "Oh, Wowwwwwwww! Mr. Morris!" Tracy squealed.

    "Want me to feed you some jizz, kid?" he grunted.

    "Oh, yes! Only we'll have to hurry. We don't want your wife to come
 back and catch you with your prick in my mouth, right?"

    Jim grinned, correctly assuming that his wife already had a mouthful
 of young Bobby's cock-meat, but he wasn't going to mention that juicy
 detail to eager little Tracy... at least, not yet. Cock-first, he moved
 across the room. Tracy slid to the edge of the couch and opened her mouth
 wide, like a hungry baby bird waiting to be fed a fat, juicy worm. Jim
 thrust his cock into her pretty young face and Tracy began to lick and
 lap the swollen cock-head.

    She would have loved to do some tongue work on his cock-stalk and
 balls, the way she had with Bobby. But she figured that would be a
 mistake. If she dallied over the preliminary prick-licking, she might
 find herself deprived again. She wanted Mr. Morris to cum before Marcy
 got home, and they had to stop.

    "Fuck my mouth, Mr. Morris," she moaned.

    Her sweet little lips formed a tight, oval fuck-hole. She curled her
 tongue out over her bottom lip, forming a slippery slide for his prick
 and held him by the hips, wanting to do the whole job with only her
 mouth, not using her hands at all. She had done all the prick-pulling
 that she ever wanted to do in the past, and from now on it was going to
 be pussy or mouth. Jim shoved his cock between her lips. Her mouth seemed
 to be boiling, as if she had a conduction heater in there.

    Tracy adored everything about that mouthful... the heat, the
 fragrance, the texture, and above all the musky flavour of Jim's hot,
 throbbing cock-meat.

    Her cheeks indented and puffed out as she sucked in and then blew down
 the length of his shaft. Her blonde head turned as she ground her facial
 fuck-hole around on his cock-knob. He began to fuck in and out slowly and
 steadily, sliding his thick prick back to her throat and then pulling out
 until only the cock-knob was stuck between her tightly-stretched young
 lips.

    "Ummmmmmmmmmmm! the teenager whimpered, relishing the tasty task.

    Licking Bobby's young prick had been fun, but sucking this mature
 prick was even better, and she new that the best part of all would be the
 thrilling moment when the man's cum-load exploded into her eager, sucking
 mouth.

    "Shoot, Mr. Morris!" she gurgled. "Cum in my mouth!"

    She was gargling the cream of his warm precum and getting hungrier by
 the second, yearning to feel his big, adult cock spurt off, longing to
 drink the sweet spunk from his tasty prick.

    "Now, kid!" he croaked.

    Jim fucked into her mouth deeply and his jism splashed in Tracy's
 throat. She gulped it down. He pumped more cum out as he pulled back,
 then drove his prick in through the slimy tide of his own cum.

    Young Tracy was swallowing with gusto, but his grown-up cum-load was
 too much for her. Jizz overflowed her trembling lips and spilled down
 both sides of her chin. Her head bobbed up and down wildly she milked him
 off, draining his balls to the dregs.

    He stopped humping and his balls hung loosely, but his prick was still
 tense in her mouth, like a firm rubber hose, promising more action. She
 kept sucking and swallowing. His prick never softened very much. And as
 she kept on sucking his prick, it got iron hard again. She looked down
 the cock-shaft and watched his cum-bags slowly fill up as another
 cum-load seeped in.

    "Wanna suck it again?" he rasped.

    Well, she did, and she didn't. She drew her foaming lips from his
 cock-knob and, holding his wet fucker to her cheek, looked up at his face
 from the tops of her baby-blue eyes. She batted her silken eyelashes and
 smiled suggestively.

    "I wanna suck you off a lot, Mr. Morris, just as long as your wife
 doesn't find out. But swallowing your spunk has made me awful hot. Don't
 you wanna fuck me now? You think we've got time to fuck?"

    `More time than you know, kid,' Jim thought, giving the young girl a
 lustful grin.

                          + + + + + + +

    In the car, still parked in the driveway, Marcy licked up all of
 Bobby's stray cum with her nimble tongue, then sucked on his bulging
 prick-knob again. His cock was still stiff and throbbing. That was one of
 the benefits of young cock, thought Marcy with a smile. Not only was
 young prick delicious, but a teenaged boy had an endless supply of cum.

    "You... you gonna blow me again, Mrs. Morris?" Bobby moaned, starting
 to fuck her face again.

    He had fed her a lot of cum already, but if this dark-haired beauty
 wanted more, Bobby was glad to give it to her, willing and able to cum
 for hours. But Marcy lifted her head and smiled at him. She was keeping
 track of the time and calculating how far the action might have
 progressed in the house. She got up on the car seat and straddled him,
 rubbing his stiff young prick around between her open thighs.

    "Ohhhhh, yeahhhhhh! Fuck me, Mrs. Morris! Sit on my prick and fuck
 yourself silly!" he babbled.

    Her cunt-slot was sucking on his polished prick-knob exactly the way
 her mouth had. Fucking her would be just like getting another blow-job,
 from a bearded mouth, he thought. Her clit was flaring like her tongue
 had done, and her cunt-juice was streaming down his cock-shaft like
 saliva. But then she shifted from his lap. Bobby thrust his stiff prick
 up not caring if he sank it into mouth or cunt, but desperate to get his
 fucker buried in one of her hot, wet, clinging holes. Marcy guessed
 enough time had passed.

    "Come with me, darling," she said.

    She got out of the car. Bobby followed, but the naive youth was
 puzzled. They couldn't be going back into the house, he figured. Not with
 her husband and his girlfriend already there. Did she have a bed in the
 garage or a swing in the garden? He still had his cock sticking out.
 Marcy went up to the window. Mystified, Bobby stepped up behind her and
 looked in over her shoulder.

    "Holy shit!" he gasped.

    Mr. Morris was standing in front of Tracy, his prick laid along her
 cheek. It was evident that she had already sucked him off, because her
 lips were coated in sperm and his cock-shaft gleamed with saliva.
 Shocked, Bobby turned to Marcy.

    "What... I mean.... Don't you mind?" he asked.

    "No, baby.... do you?" the woman said.

    Bobby had felt a surge of jealousy. But it quickly passed. After all,
 he had just shot off in Mrs. Morris' mouth, so he could hardly blame
 Tracy for having a suck on the nearest available cock.

    They heard Tracy ask Jim to fuck her. Bobby converted to voyeurism on
 the spot, figuring that watching his sexy girlfriend fuck another guy
 would be as much fun as putting the pork to her himself, especially since
 he would be enjoying the show in the company of the sexy Marcy Morris,
 and would certainly not have to suffer a full set of balls for very long.
 Bobby grinned lasciviously, all of his youthful innocence gone in a
 flash.

    "We gonna watch 'em?" he whispered.

    Marcy winked and nodded, then leaned her elbows on the window sill.
 Bobby stood behind her, his prick jammed to her naked ass-cheeks and his
 chin resting on her shoulder, so that they were cheek to cheek as they
 took up their position in this standing-room-only live-sex show.

    Inside, Tracy was nibbling on Jim's prick again.

    "Have we? Have we got time?" she panted.

    "Plenty of time, kid," said Jim, glancing toward the window.

    Bobby caught the glance and gasped. `Oh, wow! Does he know we're here?
 Does he know his wife just sucked me off? Did Mr. and Mrs. Morris plan it
 this way?' he wondered. The lurid thoughts flashing through his excited
 young brain like the shattered fragments of an erotic dream.

    He figured that the couple must be totally depraved, corrupting the
 morals of two innocent young teenagers like Tracy and himself. But, right
 now, he wouldn't have had it any other way... that was for sure!


                             Chapter 11.

    Jim rubbed his prick along Tracy's lips, mopping her mouth, then
 jerked it away. He sat down beside the nubile teenager and began to
 undress her. She helped him, tearing wildly at her garments, still
 supposing that they had to finish fucking quickly, before his wife got
 back, or worse... caught them at it.

    The horny young girl couldn't understand why Mr. Morris was being so
 casual and taking his time about it. He stripped her naked with her
 fumbling assistance, then removed his own clothing, so that they were
 both incriminatingly naked if Marcy should walk in. She and Bobby had
 always been very careful not to get caught with their clothes off, but
 somehow, the element of danger involved tonight seemed to enhancing the
 thrill of Tracy's desires.

    Jim, of course, knew that there was no danger, but he was determined
 to give the audience a good show and a clear view of all the details.
 Being a confirmed peeper, himself, Jim Morris knew what turned a watcher
 on best. Feeling confident that his wife and Tracy's young boyfriend
 must have taken up their positions by this time, he began the slow
 build-up toward the passion play they had planned.

    He kissed the girl and let his fingers caress her inner thighs,
 sucking on her swollen little nipples as his hands roamed over her
 gorgeous naked young body. Marcy was wriggling and squirming, loving the
 man's attentive foreplay but impatient to get on with the fucking,
 fearful they would be interrupted. It would be so frustrating to finally
 get Jim's big, handsome cock up her yearning cunt and have to stop
 halfway.

    "Fuck me... fuck me! Oh, please...." she whimpered.

    Jim ignored the girl's frantic pleas, slipping down to lick her tasty
 little pussy for a moment. But she was so hot and aroused, he was afraid
 she might cream on his tongue, and, although it was always nice to have
 a cunt melt in his mouth, he wanted the sexy little teenager to cum on
 his cock, first. And, besides, his horny wife loved to suck pussy even
 more than Jim did! He would save that snack for Marcy.

    He slurped at the girl's pussy for a few more moments, then slid onto
 the couch again. He knew which position would afford the best view for
 the spectators lurking at the window. Jim knew all about such things,
 for they were dear to his heart.

    "Sit on my cock, honey," he grunted.

    She smiled lewdly.

    "I thought you'd never ask, Mr. Morris," giggled the little minx.

    Tracy twisted her nimble young body around and squatted over his
 hips, kneeling astride him, her hot little cunt poised over his
 throbbing prick. Grasping it by the base, she positioned the head of
 Jim's big cock in her tiny opening and slid slowly down. As his
 wedge-shaped cock-head sank in, they both moaned, Jim at the tightness
 of her hot, snug little pussy around his shaft, and Tracy at the
 incredible thickness of his cock as it stretched and filled her young
 cunt like never before.

    Marcy and Bobby saw it all clearly as Jim's long, thick,
 heavily-veined cock-shaft disappeared up Tracy's tiny cunt. She slid
 down to the hilt of his cock. His prick was buried and his balls were
 ballooning below her taut little ass. As she sank down, grinding her
 hips, the trim cheeks of her adorable young ass opened up, revealing the
 pinkly-puckered bud of her little asshole. It made Marcy drool.

    She was so hot that she couldn't bear to look on without something in
 her own sizzling cunt-hole. She reached behind her ass and got a handful
 of Bobby's heavy hard-on, levering it down as she rose up onto her
 tiptoes. The boy's fat cock-head slid down the crack of her ass and
 dipped into her crotch from behind.

    "Give me a knee-trembler, baby!" she urged.

    Bobby's knees were already trembling at the very thought of fucking
 her. Eagerly, he grabbed Marcy by the hips and began to wedge his cock
 up into her slimy pussy. She wriggled down and he lunged up, fucking his
 virile young cock into her hungry cunt to the balls.

    He had her impaled to the hilt, but instead of moving straight away,
 Bobby held his cock still, as she played with his hairy balls. He sensed
 that they should wait until Tracy began to fuck up and down on Mr.
 Morris' cock, so that they could match the rhythm. The young man was
 getting a quick and comprehensive education in the ways of the voyeur...
 and he sure as hell was studying under a qualified teacher in Marcy
 Morris!

    Tracy started to lift and lower her slim young hips, fucking Jim;s
 deeply-imbedded cock with an urgent, adolescent rhythm.

    "Easy, baby... nice and slow," Jim hissed.

    Why isn't he worried about his wife? Why isn't he in a hurry to
 finish? Tracy wondered. Was there something that she didn't understand?

    Jim held her by the ass, restraining the girl from moving for a
 moment, then letting her slide her pussy up and down on his prick, but
 only slowly.

    Tracy pulled her cunt up to his cock-head, balanced there for an
 instant, then pushed back down and took all of his big cock up her tight
 little cunt. His cock-stalk came out awash with cunt-cream, the dark
 vein rippling up the under-side, her cunt-lips pulling outwards as she
 raised up. Her lovely young ass swung from side to side, grinding and
 churning, giving Marcy tantalizing glimpses of the teenager's pretty
 little asshole as the creamy cheeks spread.

    Tracy was getting hornier by the second. Jim's big cock sliding in
 and out of her tiny hole, was really making her pussy feel good. She
 tried to fuck faster, but Jim held her down by her hips and stopped the
 sliding motion completely for a moment, holding his prick buried. It
 throbbed and twitched inside her, the base mashed hard against her clit
 at the top. It was almost as nice as when he moved it in and out...
 almost, but not quite.

    She wanted to bounce up and down on his wonderful cock till she came,
 but for some reason he was stopping her. Tracy couldn't understand why.
 If they had more time, she would have liked nothing better than to let
 him take his time and fuck her slowly and deeply, enjoying the feel of
 his massive prick stretching and reaming her tight little hole, but with
 his wife due back at any time, she was getting desperate. She'd already
 been frustrated once tonight, and she couldn't bear it if Marcy returned
 home before she got her rocks off with Jim.

    Tracy tried to fuck up and down faster, but Jim jammed his loins up
 as she rose, and held her down with his hands when she tried to lift up,
 keeping his prick deeply buried in the squirming young girl, effectively
 preventing the delicious friction she so desperately desired.

    She thrust her tits into his face and he sucked her swollen nipples.
 He dipped a hand under her belly and fingered her clit. But as soon as
 she started to squirm, and grind her pubes against his fingers, he drew
 his hand away again. It was driving Tracy crazy.

    The watchers were going crazy, too. Bobby had intended to match the
 pace of the fucking they were peeping on. But when Tracy and Jim started
 to move so slowly, the horny young teenager was unable to keep to the
 unnaturally lethargic rhythm. He began to hammer his prick into Marcy
 furiously as he stood behind her, in a standing fuck. He tilted her ass
 up and down on his cock, impaling her deeply and quickly, with rapid
 little thrusts.

    Marcy slowed him down, emulating her husband. She got a handful of
 Bobby's balls and held them firmly, limiting his ability to buck and
 plunge. But her cunt was sucking like a mouth on his cock, and the
 virile youth knew that she could milk him off with her inner
 cunt-muscles even if he didn't hump at all. Her squeezebox pussy was
 pulling and dragging on his prick, teasing him maddeningly.

    Then Marcy unleashed the boy, letting go of his balls and allowing
 him to feed the cock to her as fast as he liked. He fucked her with
 lightning strokes, filling her hot, clinging hole with thunderous
 thrusts. She shoved her ass back and forth, her firm, round ass-cheeks
 slapping his lean belly as he buried his prick in her hairy cunt to the
 balls with each powerful thrust.

    Bobby pulled her back onto his cock as he hunched forward, twisting
 her ass around as he screwed his cock up into her tight cuntal sheath.
 Cunt-juice streamed down her rippling thighs. Her fuck-hole was a swamp,
 yet her inner rings were clinging and clutching tightly, making her
 pussy snug as a virgin's.

    Jim and Tracy had stopped moving now. With his prick balls-deep,
 stuffed up her tight little cunt to the hilt.. he seemed to be waiting
 for something. Tracy had no idea what. Bobby was starting to guess,
 though. The sight of his girlfriend with a cuntful of prick was turning
 Bobby on damned near as much as the sensations of Marcy's clasping pussy
 on his prick.

    "Uhhhhhhhh, yeahhhh! Fuck me, Bobby! Fuck me hard and cum in my
 cunt!" she urged.

    Bobby fucked her savagely, jolting her pelvis and hammering her
 haunches. Her ass twisted in tight little circles as she frantically
 shoved her cunt back to meet his powerful cock-thrusts.

    Within seconds, his cum-swollen balls erupted and filled Marcy's
 quivering cunt with a massive load of sperm. His hot cream squirted into
 her velvet depths, then swirled back down the chute and bubbling from
 her cock-stuffed pussy, forced from the tight confines of her cunt by
 his rapidly pistoning prick.

    His heavy young balls slapped against her clit, causing Marcy to
 writhe and moan in ecstasy. She came on his cock like a pinned
 butterfly, her slim body shaking and shuddering with the power of the
 boy's deliciously frantic cock-thrusts. Bobby drained his balls into
 Marcy's spasming cunt and clung, panting, to her haunches, his chin
 resting on her shoulder and his breathing hissing in her ear. His prick
 was still firm, and Bobby could easily have thrown another fuck into
 her. But, when she turned her radiant face to him and grinned, somehow
 the boy suspected that Marcy might have something else in mind.

    "Wanna join them?" she whispered, nodding toward the copulating pair
 inside.

    The thrill of impending depravity gripped Bobby in horny talons and
 he grinned back at her.

    "Sure... as long as I get to fuck you again," he said, making his
 prick twitch meaningfully up inside her tightly-clasping cunt.

    "You'll get to do more than that, baby!", promised Marcy. "Let's go!"

    Bobby pulled his shaft from the slippery sheath of her cunt. His
 young his cock stood straight from his loins, not upright with a full
 erection now, but not soft, either. His prick was at half mast,
 liberally coated with a glistening sheen of their combined fuck-juices.

    Marcy and Bobby left the window and entered the house, going down the
 hall and into the living room. Jim grinned at them. Tracy had her back
 to them and didn't realize that she and Jim were no longer alone. Then
 she saw him grinning over her shoulder and turned.

    "Oh, Jesus!" she exclaimed, when she saw his wife and her boyfriend
 standing there.

    Tracy blushed guiltily. But then she saw that Bobby and Marcy were
 both smiling. Bobby's prick was jutting out, all juicy, and lots of
 fuck-slime was streaming from Marcy's cunt. In a flash, the girl
 understood the situation. It was all a passionate plot. Her pussy had
 been a pawn in a peeper's game! And if Jim's wife and Tracy's boyfriend
 didn't mind, why should she? Tracy's blush faded away, and she
 grinned...


                             Chapter 12.

    Marcy moved up and knelt down behind Tracy, between Jim's knees.
 She spread the girl's firm young ass-cheeks apart with her open hands
 and began to run her slurping tongue up through the teenager's hot
 little ass-crack.

    Bobby was astounded.

    After what happened so far, he was pretty certain that Marcy
 Morris wasn't a lesbian, and the naive youth couldn't understand why
 on earth the gorgeous woman was licking Tracy's ass. He knew that
 Tracy wasn't a lesbian either... and yet his beautiful young
 girlfriend was purring with pleasure as Marcy licked and sucked at
 her ass.

    Bobby looked at Jim, to see how the husband was reacting to his
 wife's depravity. Jim gave Bobby a conspiratorial wink. Bobby was
 still confused. But he sure didn't have any objections. The idea of
 lesbian sex between two such gorgeous females really turned him on,
 and he moved closer to study the details.

    Marcy licked up and down in Tracy's ass-crack, then began to dance
 her tongue into the blonde teenager's tight little asshole. She
 sighed with the tangy taste, relishing that sweet, flavorsome
 fudge-slot.

    "Uuuuhhh, yeahhhhhh... lick my ass, Mrs. Morris!" Tracy moaned.

    Marcy nursed on the puckered little snack lovingly, her saliva
 coating the girl's little pink rosebud.

    "Ummmm... God, that feels so good!", Tracy moaned. "Give me a
 tongue-bath and I'll lick you, too!"

    It was a new experience for Tracy, but a very welcome one.
 Although she normally preferred men, she had often thought about
 making love with a woman and secretly looked forward to it. Now, with
 two men watching, she found the prospect even more thrilling. Her
 pussy and her tongue were equally enthused.

    Marcy rimmed the girl's asshole for a while, then slid down and
 began to run her tongue over Jim and Tracy's joined loins. She sucked
 her husband's bloated balls and slid her tongue around the fucking
 pair's coupled genitals, licking Tracy's tightly-stretched young
 cunt-lips where they clung wetly to to the shaft of Jim's
 deeply-fucking prick.

    Jim began to lift Tracy up and down slowly, fucking his prick in
 and out again, as his horny wife pressed her face into their juicy
 coupling, sucking his balls and licking his cock-shaft as it pulled
 out, coated with a glistening sheen of tasty young cunt-cream.

    Marcy slipped her tongue up into Tracy's cunt alongside of Jim's
 thick cock-shaft, tongue-fucking the girl in tandem with her
 husband's throbbing cock. She fitted her mouth to the underside of
 Jim's cock, and he fucked through Marcy's lips as he fucked in and
 out of Tracy's tight young pussy. His cock came out slathered with
 teenage cunt-juice and slid back in slick with saliva.

    "Cum in her, darling," Marcy purred, the throaty words muffled on
 prick and pussy. "Fill her up so I can suck your cum out of her hot
 little cunt!"

    Tracy was squirming under the double delight of cock and tongue.
 But the girl was jealous, too... she actually envied Marcy that
 delectable snack. Her own mouth felt neglected... a void abhorred by
 her passionate nature. She glanced at Bobby.

    Bobby had been half hard when they came in. But as he watched the
 sordid action, his prick reared up again, rising in a series of
 short, sharp jolts until it was standing rampant, as stiff and
 vibrant as if he had been celibate for a month.

    It was evident that he had been fucking Mrs. Morris outside,
 because his cock still glistened with her cunt-juice, the female
 nectar shot through with thicker streaks of the youth's spilled
 spunk. Tracy had been just about to taste the rich cream of her
 boyfriend's cum earlier, but the blow-job had been aborted. Just
 because she had subsequently sucked off Jim Morris and swallowed his
 enormous load, didn't detract from her desire to finally do the same
 to her handsome young boyfriend. Better late than never, she
 reasoned. And, besides, Bobby's juicy cock looked even more
 tantalizing now that it had been pounding away in Marcy's creamy
 cunt-hole.

    Tracy figured it would be a case of killing two birds with one
 stone. She could finish sucking her boyfriend off and, at the same
 time, get a tasty hint of Marcy's hot cunt as a sort of appetizer,
 giving her a definite idea of just what a delicious treat she had
 ahead of her. Tracy grinned at Bobby and licked her full red lips
 suggestively.

    "Let me suck on that big, gorgeous prick, baby," she panted.

    Bobby eagerly moved up and knelt in front of Tracy, pushing his
 prick towards her hot little mouth. Tracy sucked it in greedily,
 relishing her first taste of cunt-soaked cock. Bobby began to fuck
 his girlfriend's mouth as enthusiastically as ever. Although he'd had
 a wonderful blow-job from Marcy, his one deep yearning was to shoot a
 load into his gorgeous young girlfriend's hot, sucking mouth. It was
 a dream of his... and now it was actually about to happen!

    Bobby was thrilled to discover that Tracy, although only a novice
 cock-sucker, had a mouth almost as talented as Mrs. Morris'. What the
 girl lacked in experience she sure made up for with enthusiasm. He
 fucked into her hot young deeply and Tracy gulped his prick down with
 glee, taking his prick as deep into her throat as she could manage
 without gagging. Her face was turned sideways. She was sucking
 Bobby's cock right in front of Jim's face.

    Jim was watching the boy's thick, hard prick slide in and out of
 Tracy's mouth with delight, the pleasure enhanced by the fact that
 his wife was nuzzling around in his groin, licking and sucking cock
 and cunt together.

    Tracy's lips pulled out around Bobby's big cock-shaft each time he
 drew it from her mouth, contorting her pretty face. Then Bobby, when
 shoved his tasty cock back in, the girl gulped and gurgled in
 cock-sucking delight. Jim was getting as great a kick out of fucking
 the tight-cunted young girl while she sucked her boyfriend's prick.
 After having crammed his own prick into the sexy blonde girl's hot
 little mouth earlier, he knew the intense pleasure that Bobby must be
 feeling right now. But her snug, slippery little cunt felt even
 better, and Jim began hunching his hips up at her, fucking her deeply
 in time with Bobby's thrusts into her hot, sucking mouth. Bobby held
 Tracy's face between his open hands and fed the prick to her
 steadily, his balls swelling on every stroke.

    "Swallow his cum, kid! Squirt in her hot fuckin' mouth, Bobby!"
 Jim gasped, when he heard Bobby begin to moan, his young balls
 surging toward a creamy climax.

    Marcy lapped up through Tracy's smooth young crotch, tonguing her
 asshole, then lifted her head higher so that she could watch Bobby
 cum in the girl's mouth. Bobby grunted and rammed his cock into the
 girl's mouth with a vengeance, stiffening finally to shot his
 cum-load deep into Tracy's gulping young mouth.

    "Glubbbb... mmmfffffff... ulllpppppp", sputtered Tracy, as her
 boyfriend's sperm splattered the back of her throat. She swallowed
 his cum with gusto and Bobby pumped his hips, fucking her pretty
 young face as more cum jetted out. Jizz flowed down her chin and
 cheeks as he filled her little mouth to the brim.

    Bobby finished cumming and staggered back, his cum-coated cock
 swaying like an elephant's trunk. Tracy tipped her head back, letting
 the final load of his cum trickle down her throat with her mouth
 open, so that Jim and Marcy could see her creamy reward.

    Jim kissed her on the lips. And Marcy dove back into their joined
 loins to slake her own savage thirst. Both Jim and Tracy were ready
 to climax now, inspired by the cock-sucking. He was no longer
 restraining her, and the horny young teenager began to fuck furiously
 up and down on his big prick.

    In less than a minute, her tiny cock-filled cunt spasmed and
 creamed around his rapidly-pistoning shaft, and she squealed in
 pleasure. Then, seconds later, she squealed again, this time as as
 Jim shot a geyser of thick jism up into her wildly squirming cunt as
 she bounced up and down his cock, filling her to the brim. His
 copious jism blended with her girl-cum and bubbled out into Marcy's
 waiting mouth. Jim emptied his balls into the writhing young girl and
 slumped back. Tracy kept bouncing up and down, milking her own orgasm
 for all it was worth. Until she too, slumped forward, her heaving
 tits pressed into Jim's chest.

    Jim's prick was beginning to shrink inside Tracy's pussy now,
 softening and bending. Bobby, too, was losing the tension in his
 hard-on. Virile as the young man was, he had spilled an awful lot of
 cum tonight, and he needed a little time to recover. But it was no
 tragedy for the girls to find that both cocks were shrinking. They
 had their lips and tongues to keep each other happy....


                             Chapter 13.

    Tracy squirmed up and Jim's prick pulled from her clasping little
 fuck-hole, flexible and bending. The huge cock-knob came out with a
 slurp and her well-fucked young cunt-slot stayed open, retaining the
 outline of his prick and filling up with a milky pool of their combined
 cum-juices.

    Marcy gulped her husband's prick into her mouth, sucking the
 glistening cylinder of muscle voraciously. But she only mouthed his
 spent cock-meat for a moment. Marcy wasn't too interested in her
 husband's familiar cock, especially not now that it was softening. She
 had only taken it into her mouth to taste Tracy's spicy young
 cunt-nectar, fresh from her husband's prick.

    Her tongue soaked it up and her taste buds tingled, her appetite
 whetted. Jim moved aside, prepared to watch. Bobby already had his eyes
 glued to the scene.

    Marcy rose and kissed the young girl's lips passionately. Both of
 their mouths were highly flavored by the cum they had swallowed. Their
 tongues drilled back and forth, sharing the randy residue. They had each
 sucked off both Jim and Bobby, yet the milky remnants of Sam and Ted's
 sperm still lingering in Marcy's mouth. The combined flavor made their
 hot, lesbian kiss a real taste treat. Marcy moved down and sucked
 Tracy's tight, young tit, then arched her back and fed the willing
 teenager some tit-meat of her own. They licked and sucked on each
 other's breasts in turn, then Tracy fell back along the couch and opened
 her lean young thighs invitingly.

    Marcy moved down, licking the blonde girl's belly and lapping into
 her cunt-slit. The mouth-watering scent of simmering pussy rose from
 Tracy's crotch as the teenager's well-fucked little cunt heated up
 again, ready for some female tongue.

    "Lick me, Mrs. Morris!" she begged. "Suck my, pussy! Pleeeease!"

    Tracy was so hot, she hunched her skinny hips up at Marcy's mouth,
 eager to feel the older woman's hot tongue lapping at her cunt. Her
 little pussy quivered with anticipation, but she was also impatient to
 sink her own tongue into the beautiful woman's pussy, in turn.

    Marcy began to flick her tongue out lightly, teasing Tracy by barely
 making contact. She licked up the girl's glistening, pink cunt-slit and
 lapped at her clit, working her nimble tongue deep into the youngster's
 cum-soaked little fuck-slot.

    Jim and Bobby leaned over them, watching Marcy's nimble tongue dip
 and dance. Marcy was basking in the glow of their heated gaze. She
 adored to eat pussy at any time, but it was especially gratifying to be
 tongue-fucking a teenaged girl while her horny husband and the girl's
 randy boyfriend were watching her do it. It satisfied her
 exhibitionistic tendencies as well as her taste buds.

    She spooned and scooped her tongue into Tracy's cunt-hole, then began
 to suck as she lapped. She was pulling out mouthfuls of jizz and
 pussy-juice, swallowing noisily, sucking every drop from the young
 girl's tasty little pussy, and Tracy was loving ever second of it.

    Marcy drew back for a second to look at the gorgeous young cunt that
 she was munching on. Tracy's little pink pussy was drooling both sperm
 and cunt-cream as the youngster ground her hips up Marcy's face,
 silently begging her to continue. Marcy dove in again, her tongue
 probing deeply and her lips making suction sounds around the little
 girl's cunt-lips. She ducked down to lick some cream out of Tracy's
 ass-cleft, varying the feast, making a smorgasbord out of the young
 girl's groin. Marcy was like a shark in a feeding frenzy, and her
 efforts were rewarded when Tracy began to climax noisily. Marcy munched
 and Tracy melted. The older woman's mouth seemed glued to the blonde
 girl's fuck-hole, total fusion of mouth to cunt only prevented by the
 copious juices which poured from Tracy's over-heated young pussy.

    With a moan, the lustful lady sucked the lovely young girl through
 waves after wave of adolescent bliss, and when it was over, Marcy leaned
 back, licking her lips, expecting to see Tracy looking totally
 contented.

    But Tracy looked anything but satisfied. The horny young girl had
 found out that, as she expected, cunt-licking was a double-headed event.
 As soon as her clit and cunt were satisfied, her lips and tongue got hot
 for the second half of the mutual muff-munching.

    Tracy was dancing her tongue around like a shadow boxer warming up,
 practicing pussy-plating. She wasn't at all worried by her lack of
 experience. The girl knew that cunt-sucking would come as natural to her
 enthusiastic mouth as sucking pricks had done.

    "Wanna lick me, now?" Marcy whispered.

    "Ohhhh, yeahhhhh!" Tracy exclaimed.

    Marcy was looking forward to a good tongue-fucking from the sexy
 little teenager. But she was still very much aware that two fascinated
 males were watching, and she figured it would be nice to change
 positions and let them enjoy a variety show, instead of simple
 switching. Marcy dropped down on all fours and twisted around, wiggling
 her ass invitingly. Tracy slid down from the couch and knelt behind the
 older woman, pressing her pretty young face into Marcy's drooling
 cuntslit from behind.

    Bobby's jaw was hanging open. The boy still couldn't understand why
 his gorgeous, cock-hungry girlfriend would want to lick a pussy. Bobby
 had a lot to learn about the ways of wanton women. Marcy had been his
 teacher before. Now the boy was learning his lessons from Jim, taking
 note of how approvingly the man gazed at his promiscuous spouse,
 starting to get a hint of the visual pleasures that accompanied peeping.

    Who could mind if a wife or girlfriend cheated... as long as they
 could watch! Bobby thought that his eyeballs were going to melt as they
 registered the thrilling scene. His cock was rising to yet another
 erection and he saw that Jim, too, was getting a hard-on again. But from
 the looks of the horny female action on the floor, cocks were not
 required-yet.

    Tracy ran her tongue up the musky, flavorsome cleft of Marcy's ass
 and began to lick Marcy's ass-ring. The tart, tangy confection made the
 girl whimper with lust. She was licking Marcy's haunches as if nipping
 at appetizers before diving into the main course of hot, steaming pussy.

    "Uuuhhhhhh, yessssss... lick my ass, baby!" Marcy panted.

    Tracy nudged her cute little nose into the gorgeous woman's crack and
 sniffed. Strangely, the aroma of Marcy's asshole thrilled her, enhanced
 deliciously by the fragrance of hot pussy wafting up from below.

    Tracy licked and sucked some more on the puckered slot of that carnal
 canape. She drew back for a moment and gave her boyfriend a shy smile,
 then dove in again. Her tongue sank up Marcy's ass and Marcy's asshole
 sucked on it. Tracy had to tug back firmly to retract her tongue against
 the suction. Her lapper came out distended like a taffy pull. Marcy
 heaved her haunches up.

    "Do my cunt!" she moaned.

    Tracy slid down. Her forehead rested on the cheeks of Marcy's ass and
 her lower face buried itself into the woman's pussy from behind. They
 were linked up doggy-fashion in this act of lesbian love. Tracy took a
 taste.

    The very first lick was enough to convince the teenager that
 cunt-tonguing was for her. It didn't detract from her devotion to cocks
 at all. It was simply another succulent side of the creamy coin.

    She lapped in and sucked at the rim. Marcy's cunt was full of jizz as
 well as cunt-cream, a seething stew bubbling over into Tracy's mouth.
 Tracy shook her head like a shark devouring its catch as she munched in
 Marcy's hot, gooey fuck-hole.

    Cunt-juice ran down the insides of Marcy's trembling thighs, and
 Tracy slid down to gather it back up, not wanting to waste a drop. She
 slid up and took another lick at Marcy's ass-hole, then resumed sucking
 on her fuck-hole.

    "Cum, Mrs. Morris! Cream for me!" the girl whined.

    She had already wolfed all the jism out of Marcy's pussy, and she was
 gulping unadulterated cunt-juice now. It was getting more copious by the
 second as Marcy surged toward a crest. Marcy shuddered and vibrated and
 undulated as her clit detonated and the core of her cunt turned to
 jelly. Her ass shoved back. Tracy's lips were glued to her pussy by a
 paste of pussy-juice and saliva. As the girl panted, it made a bubbling
 sound.

    Tracy was in a feeding frenzy and Marcy was flowing like a waterfall,
 filling the girl's mouth again each time her pussy contracted in orgasm.

    Drained, Marcy slid belly-down along the carpet. Tracy's head went
 down with her and the girl kept on burrowing under her jiggling ass,
 licking out the last seepage, sucking the dark-haired woman dry.

    When Marcy's cunt stopped juicing, Tracy slid back up and finished
 off where she had begun, sucking Marcy's musky little asshole like a
 savory following the feast. Then they cuddled together in fond embrace,
 kissing lovingly, sharing the lustful residue of their first fuck.

    "Can we suck more... lots more?" Tracy whimpered.

    Her first lesbian suck-session had turned the sexy little teenager
 into a gash glutton. She was eager to suck Marcy's cunt again, as well
 as to mop her own muff on the older woman's mouth.

    "Yes, baby.... but aren't we forgetting something..." grinned Marcy,
 glancing over at the guys.

    Tracy followed her gaze and saw that Bobby and Jim both had enormous
 erections again. This was an aspect of cunt-lapping that the teenager
 hadn't paused to consider... the fact that it would make any watching
 men horny again, no matter how much they had been fucking before.

    Stiff pricks were always a welcome sight to young Tracy. But, at the
 moment, she was somewhat confused. The poor, horny little girl didn't
 know which she wanted most now... more cock or more cunt, more sucking
 or more fucking, cock-cream or pussy-juice.

    She kissed Marcy, and her eyes rolled as she stared at Jim and
 Bobby's huge, throbbing hard-ons. Marcy understood the girl's problem,
 since it was a choice she often found hard to make, herself. But Marcy
 knew a solution. Watching one another in action was always fun, but now
 it was time for total commitment and involvement.... for a little
 `audience participation'. In short, it was time for a cluster-fuck. And,
 like a choreographer, Marcy set the scene for the complex coupling to
 cum...

                             Chapter 14.

    Marcy lowered Tracy to the floor and gracefully slid around into the
 sixty-nine position. She mounted the girl, lowering her cunt over Tracy's
 pretty face and ducking her own face down between Tracy's widespread
 thighs. Marcy opened her mouth and gave the girl's pussy an open-mouthed
 kiss, thrusting her tongue hungrily into Tracy's hot little hole.

    Tracy did the same, and soon the gorgeous dark-haired woman and
 slender blonde teenager were moaning and slurping at each other's cunts
 in total abandon. They sixty-nined like that for a minute while Jim and
 Bobby watched them with glowing eyes, their cocks throbbing in their
 clenched fists.

    Suddenly Marcy rolled onto her side, pulling Tracy with her. They were
 still linked up mouth to cunt, but now they were both lying on their
 sides.

    "Come on boys," Marcy invited. "let's get this party pumping!"

    Jim lay down behind Tracy. He slipped his cock in under her trim ass
 and nudged the cock-knob into her cunt. Marcy's mouth was already there,
 and she began to lick her husband's cock-head as it slicked back and
 forth in Tracy's juicy young pussy-slit. Then Jim thrust forward and his
 cock slid into the young girl's tight clinging little cunthole like a hot
 knife through butter. Marcy tongued his balls as they rolled up into the
 teenager's crotch.

    Not to be left out of the horny action, Bobby stretched out behind
 Marcy in the same way, his position the reverse of Jim's, so that the two
 guys were also in the sixty-nining position-except, of course, they had
 the girls sandwiched between them very snugly.

    Bobby's prick slid into Tracy's mouth for a moment, then inched its
 way up into Marcy's cunt. He left it there for a second with just the
 flared knob inside, enjoying the feel of his girlfriend's tongue running
 up and down the shaft. Tracy licked and sucked at cock and cunt until
 Bobby couldn't stand it any longer. With a loud groan he clenched his
 young ass-cheeks and rammed forward as hard as he could, hunching and
 grinding until every inch of his long, hard prick was buried in Marcy's
 hot, clasping cunt-hole.

    The guys stayed buried balls-deep, enjoying the initial coupling of
 cock and cunt as Marcy and Tracy sucked softly at the junctions. They
 were getting all the possible thrills now, in this carnal cluster of
 limbs and loins, still enjoying the visual aspects along with the
 physical.

    Jim was looking over Tracy's shoulder, seeing a sturdy young cock
 buried in his wife's cunt, watching the sexy little blonde teenager lick
 and suck at both. His cock was sheathed in the girl's slippery
 cunt-sheath and his wife's tongue was gently licking and sucking at his
 balls.

    Bobby was getting much the same action as he lay in the inverted
 position, his young cock buried inside Marcy's cunt to the hilt. With
 wide, excited eyes he watched his girlfriend's pussy crammed full of
 Jim's huge cock being greedily devoured by Marcy's hot mouth.

    Marcy and Tracy were getting the best of both worlds. They had their
 cunts stuffed with long, thick prick, while they ate pussy and licked
 balls and saw all the action going on in each other's crotches.

    All four of them lay still for a while, Marcy and Tracy licking gently
 as the guys flexed their throbbing cocks inside the girls' cunts. Then
 they began to move together, like some well-lubricated fucking machine
 revving up, running on phallic fuel, powered by erotic arousal.

    Bobby watched Jim's cock pull out until only the large, flared tip was
 inside Tracy's pussy. The girl's lightly-fuzzed little cuntlips bulged
 lewdly around the man's huge cock-head. Then Jim fucked back in, his
 gnarled shaft dragging the girl's cuntlips inside her tiny pussy as it
 plunged back in. Bobby began to fuck Marcy in counterpoint. He rammed his
 cock into the woman's cunt as he saw Jim pull out of Tracy's tight hole,
 then drew out himself, as Jim fucked back in.

    They fucked very slowly, loving the erotic, four-way action and
 wanting to prolong it. Tracy whipped her tongue along Marcy's
 tightly-stretched pussy-slit either side of Bobby's glistening prick.
 Likewise, Marcy had her open mouth plastered on Tracy's cock-filled
 pussy, sucking gleefully as her husband fucked the cute blonde's sweet
 young hole.

    Jim was fucking the girl with such enthusiasm that his prick was
 pulling all the way out of Tracy's cunt. He fucked into his wife's mouth,
 then back into the girl's cunt, alternating in the two hot, sucking
 holes. Then his long, throbbing prick slid back out of Tracy's crotch.
 His cock was too stiff to bend and when Jim lunged again, his prick slid
 up through the cleft between her ass-cheeks.

    The idea of a few fuck-strokes up into the teenager's tiny little
 asshole was compelling. He drew back and angled his prick so that it was
 aimed at her asshole. He inched the greasy tip of his prick in, then
 paused, wondering if Tracy would object to taking it up the ass. But with
 all that had happened so far, young Tracy was horny enough to try
 anything at all. When she felt Jim's cockhead nudging at her tight rear
 hole, she shoved her pert little ass back at him enticingly.

    "Do it! Give it to me up the ass!" she gasped.

    Jim began to work his cock-head into Tracy's hot little asshole. The
 fit was extremely tight, and for a moment he didn't think his huge prick
 was going to fit into the teenager's tiny anal orifice. But as Tracy
 relaxed a bit, her shit-chute loosened and Jim's prick-knob slipped in.
 His cock-head stabbed deeper, blazing a trail for his cock-stalk to
 follow up into the unexplored territory of her virgin asshole.

    Jim fucked his cock in to the hilt. Tracy squealed. It hurt a little,
 but only enough to magnify the pleasure, adding a tingle to the sweet
 sensation of having her ass packed full of prick for the very first time.
 He held his cock buried in the little teenager's ass, then started to
 fuck in and out. As he fucked her ass, he was leaving her cunt empty...
 but his greedy wife had come to the rescue, and was filling Tracy's
 creamy little hole up with plenty of tongue.

    Bobby, watched Jim's cock sliding into his girlfriend's asshole with
 mixed feelings, he was tremendously excited by the sight, but he couldn't
 help feeling that Tracy was giving Jim something that was rightfully his.
 His pangs of jealousy soon dissipated as Marcy pulled her mouth from
 Tracy's juicy cunthole and begged him to fuck her in the ass also.

    Eager to try it, Bobby jerked his cock out of Marcy's pussy and rammed
 his stiff fucker up her ass. Marcy's asshole was no stranger to a cock,
 and Bobby's young prick slipped inside as smooth as silk. It felt just
 like a cunt, only much tighter, thought Bobby as he began to fuck Marcy's
 experienced asshole. At first he was cautious of hurting her, but on
 Marcy's urging, he was soon pounding the woman's asshole just as
 vigorously as he'd fucked her cunt.

    Tracy and Marcy sucked and licked at each other's drooling cunts as
 the guys fucked their assholes. With such intense stimulation, it wasn't
 long before the two women were soaring towards mutual orgasm. Intense
 waves of pleasure flashed back and forth between their linked bodies like
 an alternating electric current. Tracy's clit sparked, causing Marcy's
 tongue to shudder with a tremor. A split second later, that seismic
 shudder passed into Marcy's clit, and back to Tracy's tongue causing the
 young girl to cream into Marcy's open mouth.

    They were both gulping plentifully, lapping at each other's pussy-dew
 like ravenous felines. Then, suddenly Bobby and Jim began to cum too,
 squirting their cum-loads into the girl's tight quivering assholes. Jim
 pulled out and let the last few spurts of sperm splatter over Tracy's
 cunt and his wife's mouth. Marcy licked up her husband's hot cream and
 swirled it into Tracy's spasming cunt with her tongue, letting it run
 back out mixed with the teenager's cunt-cream and sucked the sexual sauce
 into her voracious mouth. Bobby did the same, giving his girlfriend the
 same tasty treat as Marcy was enjoying.

    They fucked and sucked each other up to the peak and held there,
 spurting and melting, then slowly slid down through the satisfying
 descent.

    Finished, they all clung together, panting. They had all had
 enough-for now. But Tracy had already planned to spend the night, and
 Bobby was a more-than- welcome house guest, so they all slept together
 and, first thing in the morning, fed each other a hot breakfast in bed.

    It had worked out very well. Jim and Marcy could entertain at home
 now, and never again did they need to go out to find strangers to fuck
 her while Jim watched... although they still did, sometimes, just for the
 hell of it. And the teenaged lovers never had to settle for furtive
 frigging in the park again, either, with a comfortable home always
 available to them.

    Even Tracy's mother was happy. Babysitting every night would `keep the
 girl out of trouble', she figured. It was funny, though. She had known
 Jim and Marcy for ages. And she had never realized they had kids...

                                 THE END





Filename: WANT_FAM.TXT
Title: Wanton Family
Author: Eros
Origin: Blue Room BBS



                            WANTON FAMILY
                              (by Eros)

                              Chapter 1.

       The elevator was very crowded on the way down, packed tightly.
    Terri Stafford felt herself being pressed against bodies, her hands
    tightly holding those of Mandy and Jimmy. Their small bodies were
    almost smothered by the people, but they didn't complain. They seldom
    complained about anything. The elevator was slow, very slow, as if
    something were wrong with it. However, it was not that uncomfortable.
    The air conditioning kept it quite cool, and Terri didn't mind at all
    the scent of bodies so close to her. On the contrary, she enjoyed it.
    Body scents excited her, made her shiver with a nice feeling, as did
    the press of them against her.

       She didn't mind the people's glances at her, either. She was used
    to that. With her tall, slim body and strikingly lovely face, she was
    one of those women who caused people to look. Her hair, softly
    hanging to her shoulders, was a rich brown color, and her blue eyes
    were clear and wide. Her full lips seemed moist, yet her tongue
    tasted them often. Terri was one of those very fortunate women who
    looked good in anything she wore, from a revealing string bikini to a
    slinky formal dress. She looked cool and self-controlled... totally
    self-assured.

       What many did not know was that Terri was a long, long way from
    being the outwardly cool beauty they saw. Inside, she was a steaming
    mass of erotic hungers. She had always been that way, intensely
    interested in men and women equally. She took pleasure in her body
    and the bodies of others every chance she could.

       At first, her husband had trouble accepting her excessive
    sexuality. But Terri had soon shown him the enjoyment he could have
    with her body, and much to his surprise, he had soon found himself
    her equal in the pursuit of erotic delights.

       "Does Daddy have to work late again, Mommy?" came the soft voice
    of her twelve-year-old daughter.

       Glancing down at Mandy, Terri smiled. "I'm afraid so, honey."

       "He always has to work," Mandy pouted.

       Terri understood Mandy. She was Daddy's girl and would always be
    Daddy's girl. If Mandy had her way, she and her father would spend
    every second of their time together. Terri wasn't jealous, and didn't
    mind this closeness between them. After all, she had her son Jimmy,
    who at fourteen, was showing signs of growing up, being embarrassed
    when she hugged or kissed him in public. However, he seemed to
    welcome her kisses and touches when they were alone, and he often:
    would hug or kiss her impulsively.

       "He has to make a living for us, Mandy," Terri heard her son tell
    his little sister.

       "I know, Jimmy," Mandy said. Terri squeezed their hands, smiling
    as the elevator slowly descended.

       The building had a hundred and twenty floors, and Ray's office was
    at the very top. She was standing behind a man, pressed close up
    against his muscular back. She could feel his ass on her lower
    stomach. Very subtly, she pushed her hips forward, a faint smile on
    her lips.

       Her cunt twitched as she imagined the feel of this strange man's
    ass naked, against her stomach, also naked. Behind her was another
    man, and she could feel his cock-bulge against her ass. She could
    actually feel the shape of his prick through their clothing. With a
    slight wiggle, she managed to rub at both men, her cunt becoming wet
    as her clit swelled. She felt the man behind her getting a hard-on,
    his cock prodding at the crack of her ass.

       The idea came to her how nice it would be if she could rub the man
    behind her with her ass, make him come off inside his pants. Terri
    had thoughts like that all the time, and at times like this, she
    enjoyed them immensely.

       Jimmy shifted his position, turning to face her side. She knew he
    was gazing at her tits. She knew her son looked at her tits every
    chance he could, always trying to conceal his interest from her.
    Terri lifted her shoulders a bit, making her firm, high, flawless
    breasts thrust out against the lacy white fabric of her summer
    blouse. She breathed heavily, making them lift and fall seductively.
    She shifted her weight, bunching the cheeks of her ass against the
    hard-on poking against her.

        Suddenly, Terri became aware that her son seemed to be getting a
    hard-on, too. She glanced at him, but Jimmy was gazing at her tits,
    his eyes hot and slightly unfocused. She still gripped his hand, and
    without really considering what she was doing Terri managed to slip
    their hands between their bodies. She pressed the back of her son's
    hand against her thigh, and the back of her own hand brushed over the
    hardness of his cock. She heard the quick intake of her son's breath,
    and Terri felt a sudden impulse.

       With the man behind her shoving his hard cock-bulge against her
    ass, the one in front off her moving slightly, she moved her hand back
    and forth, brushing the back of it on her son's young cock, feeling
    the hardness, the actual throb of it inside his pants. Jimmy made a
    soft gasping sound, but his eyes never left his mother's tits. In a
    second, he was pushing the back of his mother's hand hard against his
    cock-bulge moving it himself.

       "Mommy?" Mandy whispered.

       "What, honey?" Terri asked, looking down.

       "Look! " Mandy whispered.

       A man near her daughter had slipped his cock out of his pants in
    the crowded elevator. His prick stood out in stark, naked hardness,
    almost in front of Mandy's little face. The cockhead was big and
    smooth, the cockshaft thick. Terri gasped softly, and noticed the
    intense expression in her daughter's eyes as Mandy gazed intently at
    the bold man's cock. She felt her daughter squeeze her hand hard, felt
    her small body trembling.

       When Mandy glanced up at her mother, Terri saw the nervous, shy
    smile on her face. Then Mandy was staring at the man's cock again. It
    was crazy, but it was happening, Terri thought. Never had she dreamed
    such a thing would actually happen, although she had fantasized about
    it many times when she visited Ray in his office. It was as if her
    fantasies were becoming a reality. The man was very bold to expose his
    erect cock in the packed elevator. Men would often flash a girl, she
    knew, just as many women would flash at men. But this was the first
    time she had actually seen it happen.

       She wondered what Mandy was thinking, what her reaction was to
    seeing this big, hairy man-sized hard-on just a few inches from her
    young face. Terri's own reaction was a sweet tingling in her pussy,
    and a feeling of increased heat and wetness between her legs.

       Then her attention was turned back to her son. Jimmy had twisted
    her hand around, and placed her palm upon his throbbing cock-bulge. He
    was still staring at her tits, but he had curled her fingers around
    his cock.

       "Ohhh, Jimmy," she said softly.

       Jimmy glanced at her, then back at her tits. With a sigh of
    pleasure, Terri squeezed her son's prick, and got a quick grin from
    him. Terri's eyes took on a shine of desire as she deliberately curled
    her fingers about her son's hard cock as best she could through his
    jeans. Jimmy held her hand tightly on his prick, gazing at her tits
    again, moving his hips against her.

       Terri almost forgot about the man pressing at her ass, but not the
    man who was exposing himself to her. She gripped her son tightly and
    gazed at the man's swollen prick, seeing her little daughter's
    interest in the huge erect organ, too. Then the elevator stopped. The
    hard cock was quickly concealed and the man behind her pulled back as
    the crowd emptied out. Terri released her son's cock and, clinging to
    her children's hands, walked from the building into the heat of the
    day.

       The car was hot, but the air-conditioner cooled it quickly. Jimmy
    was strangely quiet as Terri drove home, and Mandy, in the rear seat,
    seemed deep in her thoughts.

       Terri felt aroused, very aroused. Nothing like this had ever
    happened to her before, except in some of her more erotic fantasies.
    She had actually held her son's cock, and her hand seemed to still
    tingle from the touch. She had actually seen her daughter's interest
    in that unknown man's cock. It was hard for her to believe, but it had
    happened.

       Jimmy sat leaning against the passenger door, looking straight
    ahead. His young cock still bulged inside his pants, as hard as it had
    been in the elevator. Terri couldn't take her eyes from his crotch,
    glancing every chance she had. Her cunt was so wet, even her inner
    thighs were slippery now. Her flesh burned, her tits felt swollen, and
    her pussy twitched, the hairy, cuntlips swollen tightly around her
    knotted clit.

       Mandy's soft giggle came from the back seat.

       "That man had it out, didn't he, Mommy?

       Terri looked at her daughter in the rearview mirror, smiling. "He
    sure did, honey."

       "What man?' Jimmy asked. "What did he have out?"

       "His thing..." Mandy giggled. "... you know, his... his wienie!"

       "Wienie?" Jimmy snorted. "God, Mandy! You still call it a wienie?
    Come on, grow up!"

       Terri wanted to laugh. This was a conversation between them she had
    never heard before and somehow, it excited her.

       "Well, that's what other girls call it," little Mandy pouted.

       "What do girls know, anyway? " Jimmy sneered. "You're too little to
    know anything, Mandy."

       "I know more than you think I do, Jimmy Stafford," his sister said,
    mysteriously and with a shy smile on her pretty little face.

       "Bull!" Jimmy replied. "Mom, tell her it isn't a wienie."

       Terri grinned, looking at her son. Her gaze fell significantly on
    the bulge of his cock. Jimmy didn't even try to hide it!.... Her pussy
    felt on fire.

       "What is it, then, Jimmy?" she prompted her son.

       "Aw, you know, Mom."

       "No, tell me."

       "You tell us, Mom," Mandy squealed, leaning over the seat. "What is
    it, if it isn't a wienie?"

       "It's . . . well, there are a lot of names for it," Terri
    responded, enjoying this conversation with them. "A penis, maybe."

        "Geez, Mom, " Jimmy groaned. "That's what doctors call it.
    Everyone knows it's a penis."

        "What do you want me to say? " Terri asked, grinning wickedly.

       "What do you call it, Mommy?" Mandy urged, twisting her cute little
    ass on the car seat with excitement.

       "A pecker?" Terri laughed.

       "Pecker?" Jimmy snorted, then he suddenly giggled. "Oh, yeah . . .
    peck-er! Peck her! I get it, Mom. Peck her!"

       "Ooooooh, Mommy! Did you hear what Jimmy said?" Mandy giggled.

       "Well, I suppose . . ." Terri said, almost breathless with growing
    excitement. "It's been called a . . . you know, prick?"

       Jimmy laughed but his excitement was obvious, and his cock seemed
    to be visibly throbbing inside the tightness of his jeans.

       "Prick, huh?" Mandy giggled. "Well, that's okay. I guess it does
    prick a girl, huh, Mommy?"

       Terri nodded her head. "It sure does, honey."

       "Do you like it when Daddy pricks you, Mommy?" Mandy asked, her
    little eyes wide and shining brightly.

       "Mmmm! Yeah! I love...." Terri stopped. "Hey, you two! What is
    this, anyway?"

       Jimmy giggled and squirmed in his seat.

       Mandy flushed with excitement, and looked at her brother, her
    inquisitive eyes immediately noticing the formidable cock-bulge in the
    front of Jimmy's tight pants.

       "Ooooh, look at Jimmy, Mommy!" she giggled loudly, "He's got a
    hard......!"

       Before she could catch herself, Terri said, "He's had a hard-on
    ever since the elevator."

       "Oooooh, Mommy!" Mandy giggled cutely.

       "And Mom felt it, too." Jimmy bragged. "She squeezed it for me."

       "She did not! " Mandy gasped, staring at her mother. "You didn't
    feel it, did you, Mommy? "

       "Well... maybe I did feel it a bit," Terri admitted.

       "Mommy!", gasped Mandy, her tiny mouth gaping open in total
    disbelief.

       "She did," Jimmy emphasized. "She felt it and squeezed it and...
    boy, did it feel good!"

       Mandy was staring at her brother's crotch, her eyes smoldering with
    adolescent heat.

       Terri understood the expression on her daughter's face. It was the
    same hot, smouldering look little Mandy had on her face as she gazed
    at the man's exposed cock in the elevator earlier.

       "I never felt one before," Mandy said in a small, husky voice.
    "What did it feel like, Mommy?"

       "Hard!" Terri answered, feeling her cunt throb with itchy wet
    heat. She pressed her thighs tightly together, and almost came. A
    tremor coursed through her body as if suddenly chilled, but she was
    far from being cold. "It felt hard, honey,"

       The conversation stopped, and the rest of the drive home was in
    complete silence. But it was a tense silence, with an undertone that
    seemed to press upon Terri, keeping her in a high state of
    excitement. Her pussy was dripping so much, the seat of her skirt was
    damp.

       As soon as the car stopped in the driveway, Jimmy scooted quickly
    into the house. Terri watched as Mandy slid from the rear seat. Her
    pleated skirt climbed high on her slender, satiny thighs, and Terri
    realized how lovely they were. She licked her lips as she followed
    Mandy up the short walk to the front door, watching her daughter's
    taut, sexy little ass sway sweetly in front of her. Every nerve of
    Terri's body was screaming to touch that cute, firm young behind, to
    cup her hands around Mandy's tight little asscheeks, squeeze them and
    listen to her sexy little daughter mewl with pleasure.

       When she entered the house, Terri found her self alone. Jimmy had
    raced off to his room, and Mandy to hers. She stood for a moment in
    the cool room, remembering the elevator, the feel of the strange
    man's cock-bulge against her ass, and her son's cock-bulge in her
    hand... the powerful throb of it... the sight of the other man's
    naked cock sticking almost in her twelve-year-old daughter's face...
    and Mandy's hot interest in it. Then she remembered something her
    husband had said recently.

       "Mandy sure has a nice ass on her, doesn't she?", Ray had asked
    her.

       Terri had responded with a smile. "A lovely little ass, darling.
    It won't be long before the boys will be after her."

       "I sure envy them," Ray had said, and pulled his wife onto his
    lap, his cock thrusting in hardness against her ass. "I think that
    girl of ours is going to be a real hot little fuck."

       Terri remembered it clearly, and when her husband fucked her that
    night, she knew what was inside his mind. She felt no jealousy.
    Knowing he wanted to fuck Mandy had increased her own bubbling
    hungers. He had not said it in so may words, but it was on his face
    every time he looked at the sexy young twelve-year-old.

       She felt she should be surprised at the way things had happened
    today, but she wasn't. Both Mandy and Jimmy had jumped right in,
    talked so plainly in front of her, for the first time. It was an
    indication that they were growing up, that they were curious about
    sex.

       Terri sensed that both her son and daughter would welcome erotic
    attention, even from her. Perhaps, especially from her. After all,
    her son HAD placed her hand on his cock. Taking a deep breath, Terri
    made an instant decision. If she was wrong, she was wrong. But if she
    was right...

       She hugged herself tightly, moaning deep in her throat as an
    uncontrollable heat began to course through her bubbling pussy. With
    determined steps, Terri moved down the hallway. Without knocking on
    Jimmy's bedroom door, she opened it and stepped inside. Jimmy was
    lying on his bed, arms behind his head. His cock was still hard,
    still bulging inside his jeans.

       Jimmy turned his head and looked at her, but said nothing. Terri
    walked on shaking legs until she was near his bed. Jimmy's eyes
    shifted from her face to her tits again. Breathing heavily, but
    saying nothing, Terri opened her blouse, lifted one tit free of her
    bra, and showed it to her son. Her nipple was long and rubbery hard,
    stiff with her desire. She saw her son lick his lips, his eyes
    becoming glassy. Still he said nothing, but his hips began to writhe
    as he gripped the sheets with his fingers.

       "Mom?..." he finally whispered.

       "Did you like me squeezing you in the elevator, baby?" she asked
    in a throaty voice, circling her nipple sensuously with the tip of
    her forefinger.

       "Geez, yeah," he moaned. "I liked it a LOT, Mom. "

       Terri sat on the edge of her son's bed, sliding her palm along his
    slim young thigh toward his crotch. She felt his heat before her
    fingertips touched him, and with her heart throbbing wildly, she
    gently ran her fingertips along the outline of his hard-on, then over
    his balls. Jimmy's breath sucked in as he felt his mother's intimate
    touch, staring at her revealed tit as if mesmerized. Terri placed her
    palm against his cock-bulge, rubbing softly.

       "You wouldn't tell on me, would you, baby?" she asked in a whispery
    voice. "I mean, if I squeezed it again for you... you wouldn't tell
    anyone, would you?"

       "Oh, no, Mom!" Jimmy gasped, lifting his hips and pressing his
    crotch into his mother's hand. "I wouldn't tell anyone anything!"

       "Good, baby!", murmured Terri, her fingers working busily at his
    jeans

       She tugged impatiently at his zipper and it came down slowly,
    making a softly seductive whisper. Terri opened her son's fly and
    slipped her hand inside. Her eyes widened instantly.

      "You're not wearing underpants," she mewled.

       Jimmy grinned up at her, shaking his head. Terri pulled her son's
    cock from his jeans and got another pleasant shock.

       "Oh, baby! " Terri exclaimed. "It's gorgeous.... and so big!"

       Jimmy's cock thrust up with eager, adolescent stiffness, the
    cockhead smooth and wet with his dripping pre-cum. It was a beautiful
    cock, a young, hard, man-sized cock. Terri simply gazed at her son's
    prick for a while, her hot juicy-wet cunt pulsating with wanton
    desire.


                              Chapter 2.

    Terri placed her palms on her son's hips, staring at his stiff,
 throbbing prick with glazed eyes, her tongue flicking at her lips. She
 drew one knee up onto his bed, causing her skirt to climb up her thigh.
 Jimmy could see the top of his mother's stockings and the bare, creamy
 flesh above them. His body trembled, and he made a gulping sound.

    "Oooohhh, baby, it's very hard," Terri whispered in a hoarse voice.
 "It's very hard . . . and very beautiful, Jimmy."

    "So are you, Mom," he moaned. "Beautiful, I mean...."

    "Thank you, baby," she purred. "If I touch it again, you're sure you
 won't tell anyone?"

    "Never," he promised in a husky voice. "Squeeze it again, Mom! Squeeze
 it real hard!"

    Terri placed her hand on her son's cock, closing her fingers around it.
 She squeezed hard, making young Jimmy grunt with pleasure. She watched the
 cockhead bulge, the tiny slit of his piss hole widen, and pearly beads of
 pre-cum bubble upward.

    Using her other hand, she rubbed her fingers across the tip, smearing
 his juices across the smooth, swollen prickhead. Her lips gaped slightly
 as Terri then began to pump her son's cock, slowly, but with a firm grip.
 Jimmy twisted his ass, making low gasping sounds, his eyes darting from
 his mother's exposed tit to her thigh.

    "God, you're so hard, Jimmy!" she murmured with delight. "So very
 hard!"

    She gave his cock a couple of swift up and down strokes with her fist,
 then squeezed it again.  Jimmy grunted, his hand darting upward towards
 her chest, then stopping. With his mother fondling his cock, the boy had
 an overwhelming urge to touch her too, but this was all new to young Jimmy
 and he was unsure of himself.

    "You can touch it," Terri said in a low, sexy voice. "You can touch my
 breast and I'll squeeze your cock. But no one must ever know, remember?"

    "I'll remember, Mom," he said, pumping his hips up and down, fucking
 into her tight fist.

    He closed his hand about his mother's tit, squeezing it, staring in awe
 with unfocused eyes.

    "I've never seen one before."

    "You see one now," she purred, jerking a little harder on his cock. The
 hot throbbing of it radiated along her arm and down her body, sending wild
 hunger to her cunt. "You're feeling one, Jimmy. You're seeing Mommy's tit
 and feeling it, baby!"

    Jimmy was overwhelmed with excitement, unable to speak now. All he
 could do was grunt and moan, twisting his hips as his mother's fist jerked
 up and down, clutching her tit desperately. Terri pumped hard, making soft
 sounds of pleasure, her tongue licking feverishly at her moist lips. Her
 eyes stared at her son's cock, watching the smooth cockhead disappear and
 reappear in her fist. Her fingers squeezed and relaxed, continually moving
 up and down.

    "You want to come, baby?" she asked breathlessly. "Do you want me to
 make you come?"

    "Yes, Mom! " he groaned. "Oh, yes please!"

    As she stroked her son's cock, Terri wondered what her husband would
 say if he walked in on them now. Ray had never talked to her about her
 feelings for Jimmy, only those comments about Mandy and her cute sexy
 little ass. Somehow, Terri suspected her husband would say nothing, unless
 to encourage her.

    She had developed a strong sense of voyeurism in her husband, posing
 lewdly for him, pointing out an especially attractive young girl at the
 beach or park. She knew Ray enjoyed looking at them, especially the very
 young ones, and felt he would enjoy watching her getting fucked by another
 guy. For herself, she knew it would excite her to see her husband sliding
 his thick cock into a tiny hairless young cunt, fucking some squirming,
 squealing little girl to orgasm.

    They had never-actually discussed such a thing, but it was there, in
 the background. A soft sigh of ecstasy came from Terri as she watched the
 wetness of her son's cock increase. Even the shaft of his cock was wet and
 slippery with pre-cum now, making her fist slide very easily up and down
 the incredibly hard shaft.

    She squirmed the cheeks of her ass against the bed, feeling her cunt
 react with juicy heat as she jacked off her son's man-sized prick. It felt
 so long and thick and hard in her hand that the urge to straddle her son
 and take his wonderful erect masculinity into her cunt was very strong.
 She longed to fuck him, yet she resisted... waiting, making the
 anticipation that much sweeter.  She was sure her son would love to have
 his cock fucking her cunt in preference to her fist, but it wasn't time
 for that, not yet.

    The more she rubbed her fist on Jimmy's throbbing boner, the more Terri
 ached to fuck him, to feel her son's cock slamming deeply inside her
 greedy cunt. But then, Terri wanted to try every cock she saw, feel them
 all in her pussy, fucking her to orgasm after orgasm. She loved to come
 more than anything else in the world, and her husband loved to make her
 come. She could come over and over, until so exhausted she could hardly
 move, and she still wanted more. She was very fortunate, because she came
 quite easily. She seldom needed foreplay, her cunt was usually always
 ready to take a hard cock.

    Her quick responses delighted her husband, who had told her of girls he
 had fucked who seemed very difficult to arouse. He was delighted that
 Terri often came with the initial penetration of his cock into her cunt,
 and then would come two or three times more as he fucked her strenuously.

    "Oooooh, Mom, it's so good! " Jimmy moaned.

    "Yes, baby, it is! " she hissed, pounding her fist faster as his cock
 throbbed. "It's very good, darling! Mommy is going to make you come!"

    "It's gonna make a mess, Mom!"

    "Yes, make a mess!" Terri cried softly, pumping fast. "Make a good, big
 mess, baby!"

    She desperately wanted to throw her legs open, spread them wide and
 expose her itchy, wet cunt to her son, to excite him even more by letting
 him see how highly aroused her pussy was.

    She lifted her knee higher, her skirt sliding higher on her thigh. Now
 Jimmy was staring between his mother's legs, still gripping her tit hard.
 He saw the satiny flesh above his mother's stockings, saw the moist crotch
 of her panties.

    "Ohhhh, God! I'm gonna cum any second and it's gonna be real messy,
 Mom!"

    Terri sucked in her breath. her eyes glazed. "No it won't, baby," she
 gasped. "Mommy won't let you make a mess."

    "Do it faster, Mom! " Jimmy pleaded, staring at the dark, moist crotch
 of his mother's panties. "Do it faster and harder!"

    "Okay baby!"

    Terri pounded on her son's cock now, leaning over in her efforts

    "I can see you, Mom!" Jimmy groaned. "I can see your panties! I can
 see..."

    "Look Jimmy! " she moaned. "Look at Mommy's panties! Can you see how
 excited I am, baby?"

    "Yeah," groaned Jimmy, "Your panties look real moist, Mom."

    "Ohhhhhh yes, baby! Mommy's cunt is very wet.... ummmmm and sooo very
 very hot!"

    "Oh, Jeez, Mom, I'm gonna come!"

    "Come, Jimmy! " she cried out softly "Squirt it out, baby! Ohhh, honey,
 come for Mommy!"

    "Uhhhhhhh, Mommmmm! Fuuuuuck! I'm cummmmmmiiiinngggg!"

    Terri squealed as a big jet of sperm gushed from her son's cock.
 Without thinking, she lowered her mouth to his cock and caught the next
 jet on the tip of her tongue. Then with a loud, sensuous moan, she opened
 her mouth wide and closed her lips tightly around the head of the boy's
 twitching, squirting cock.

    The hot spurts of her son's jism into her mouth sent a firey explosion
 through Terri's cunt. She made wet, slobbering sounds as she lapped about
 his cum-spewing piss hole, relishing the taste of his sweet cum-load, her
 throat working as she swallowed it. Her ass squirmed on his bed, her fist
 still jacking up and down the throbbing shaft, her mouth taking each
 powerful squirt hungrily.

    Although his eyes were glazed Jimmy stared at the tight crotch of his
 mother's panties, imagining the hot, wet, cunt that lay beneath. With a
 groan, he lifted his hips as he came, pushing the head of his cock a bit
 more into his mother's mouth, pretending it was her hot, juicy cunt he was
 fucking.

    Terri accepted her son's fuck-thrusts eagerly, opening her mouth wide
 to take more and more of his cock. Her fist beat up and down from the base
 of his cock to her lips, jacking him off into her mouth.

    The last jet of sperm that squirted from his cock had little force, and
 she lapped her tongue about his piss-hole, sucking gently on the
 sensitive, swollen head like a lolly-pop. Her eyes had closed when she
 placed her mouth around his prick, her orgasm sending spasms of ecstasy
 through her body. Now she opened her eyes and, still with the head of his
 cock between her lips, she looked up at her son's face. He was reaching
 between her legs, his hand almost touching her exposed crotch. With a soft
 mewl, Terri pulled her mouth from her son's cock.

    "Are you trying to feel your mother up? she asked softly, grinning at
 him.

    "Can I, Mom?" he asked. "Can I just feel it once?"

    As an answer, Terri took hold of his wrist and pulled his hand along
 her thigh until she cupped it into her crotch, pressing it hard upon her
 cuntmound.

    "Oh, Jesus, Mom! " Jimmy gasped, feeling the wet heat of her pussy
 through her tight panties.

    Terri giggled girlishly and rubbed her son's hand up and down her cunt
 a few times, letting him press his fingers between the puffy lips of her
 slit through the soaking material of her panties. Then, abruptly, Terri
 pushed Jimmy's eager hand from under her skirt. She stood up, smoothing
 her skirt over her hips, then tucking her tit back into her bra, buttoning
 her blouse.

    "Don't go yet, Mom," Jimmy said softly.

    Terri looked at his cock, dangling from his pants, soft and wrinkled.
 She leaned over, kissed his prick wetly, then dragged her tongue along it
 to the cockhead, flicking it upward until she had it in her mouth once
 more. She sucked on her son's soft cock a moment, then sat up again.

    "That's enough for now, baby. Take a nap," she whispered. "You need it,
 after everything today."

    "No, I don't," he said. "I wanna... Mom, do it again, pleeeease!"

    Teasingly, she winked. "Do what again, honey? "

    "You know.... with your mouth."

    "Oh, you mean suck your cock?"

    Jimmy giggled, "Yeah, suck my cock!"

    "Greedy, aren't you?" She laughed throatily. "Just like your father, he
 never seems to get enough either!"

    "Mom, I've never had ANY till now," said Jimmy with a shy grin.

    "I know," Terri purred in delight. "I just gave you your first blowjob,
 didn't I, baby?"

    "You didn't suck very much," he complained. "Only when I started to
 come."

    "Isn't that enough for now?", Terri teased, "Most boys your age NEVER
 have their mother give them a blowjob. You should feel lucky to get one at
 all."

    "Awwwwww, Mom!"

    Terri dragged her fingertips along his cock, feeling the boy's virile
 young prick respond instantly.

    "Mmmmmm, you are a horny little devil, aren't you baby?"

    "Come on Mom, will you do it again, please?"

    "Maybe... if you say nothing, I'll do it again, but later tonight."

    "But, Dad will be home," he reminded her.

    "I'll find a way," promised Terri, as turned to the door. "Be patient,
 baby, and Mommy will do it for you again tonight."

    "Mom," he called before she slipped away.

    "Yes, honey?"

    "Show it to me!" Jimmy said. "Just once, show it to me."

    "Show you what, baby?"

    "Your... you know, under your dress. Your... cunt?"

    Terri hesitated, then slowly lifted her skirt to her waist. Jimmy's
 eyes widened and his cock lifted. He gazed at his mother's long, satiny
 thighs, at the expanse of flesh above her stockings, at the flimsy bikini
 panties and pale blue garter belt. He couldn't see much, but it excited
 him. The curly soft hair of his mother's cunt puffed out her panties, a
 dark shadow under the thin nylon. Terri laughed softly, at the look on her
 son's face and dropped her skirt.

    "Play with your cock for a while," she said softly. "Play with it and
 have fun, honey. Think about tonight, how it will feel in my mouth again."

    Terri left her son, feeling wonderful. The flavour of his salty jism
 lingered in her mouth, and she ran her tongue about her teeth savouring
 the taste. She was elated. Jimmy loved what she had done with him, done
 FOR him. He wanted more, and she knew she would give it to him. After Ray
 was in bed, sleeping, she could sneak out and go to her son, and suck his
 cock again, maybe even... she paused and leaned against the wall, feeling
 incredibly excited, her heart beating rapidly with the anticipation of
 actually fucking her own son.

    Then Terri noticed Mandy's door was open, and out of natural curiosity
 peeked inside. Mandy had her back to the open door, facing her closet
 mirror. Terri watched her cute little daughter as she posed sexily in
 front of her mirror, her eyes taking on a wicked gleam of desire once
 more. Mandy stood in her tight little panties, gazing at her body in the
 mirror. Her small tits, very curvy and tight, rode high on her chest, with
 luscious, pink nipples straining outward. Although Mandy was only 12, she
 was big for her age and her slender body revealed more of the blossoming
 curves of a young woman than a little girl.

    Mandy saw her mother in the mirror. For a moment, mother and daughter
 gazed at each other, with Mandy shivering slightly. Terri stepped into
 Mandy's room, standing at her side. Terri was almost a head taller than
 Mandy, and her body was much rounder, fuller. She looked at the tight
 titties of her daughter, and opened her blouse once more. When she lifted
 her own tits from her bra, Mandy made a soft sighing sound, staring at her
 mother's tits. Terri in turn stared at her daughter's reflection. Mandy's
 panties, like hers, were a bikini cut, riding low on her young hips.

    Terri's tits, naturally enough, were twice the size of her daughter's.
 Mandy's titties were still growing, still rounding out, and right now they
 pushed forward sharply. Terri draped an arm over Mandy's naked shoulder,
 letting the tips of her fingers brush a pink firm nipple. Mandy trembled
 as she gazed at her mother's big tits in the mirror.

    This was not the first time Terri had touched another girl. She had
 played with a girl when she was in high school, in the locker room when
 they had been alone. She didn't recall how it happened, who started it,
 but she could remember clearly how good it had felt. She had fondled the
 girl's tits, caressed her slightly hairy cunt, pushed her finger into the
 tight wetness and finger-fucked her little friend to orgasm.

    When Terri had asked the other girl to return the favor, instead of
 inserting her fingers in Terri's cunt and bringing her off that way, the
 girl had knelt in front of Terri and buried her face in Terri's almost
 hairless crotch.  The girl began licking at her cunt and fucking her
 tongue in and out, making Terri come time and again in squealing, wiggling
 ecstasy. Now, with her arms around her daughter's semi-naked little body,
 Terri's cunt was literally drooling at the very thought of having her cunt
 licked by another girl. Lowering her hand, Terri cupped her daughter's
 tiny tit, squeezing it gently.

    "Ooohhh, Mommy, that feels nice!" Mandy moaned.

    "Did you enjoy seeing that man's prick today?"

    "Oh yes!" Mandy squealed. "It was so big and hard, and so close, I
 could smell it, Mommy!"

    "Did you like that!"

    "I sure did!" Mandy said, her eyes sparkling mischievously. "I wanted
 to touch it.... you know, grab hold of it and feel it."

    Terri was elated at the openness of her son and daughter, of their
 eagerness to talk about all this, to let her do these exciting things with
 them. For a moment, she felt a bit unfaithful to her husband but shoved
 the thought aside, thinking Ray would probably love to be touching their
 little daughter's sweet, young tit the way she was doing now.

    "You can feel my titties," Terri whispered, cupping the girl's little
 tit more firmly.

    With an intake of breath, Mandy began to fondle her mother's tits,
 first one, then the other, her eyes bright as she caressed the stiff, hard
 nipples.

    After her experience with Jimmy just now, Terri's pussy was already
 throbbing with need, and very, very wet. She wanted to suck Mandy's
 nipples, lick them with her tongue, squeeze that tight, sexy little ass
 her husband thought was so cute, to caress between Mandy's sweet legs,
 feel her hot, succulent young cunt throb under her fingers. Suddenly,
 Mandy twisted, facing her mother.

    "Ohhhh, Mandy!" Terri crooned as her daughter suddenly closed her hot
 little mouth over her tit, sucking hard on the rigid nipple. Terri held
 the back of her daughter's head, pulling her pretty little face tight into
 her tit.

    "Mmmmmmm, baby, that's nice! Mommy likes that very much!"

    Mandy drew back, giggling shyly

    "You taste good, Mommy."

    "Ohhhhhh, God, sweetheart!"

    "Is it okay, Mommy?"

    "Of course it's okay, baby," Terri said, lowering her face and kissing
 her daughter's moist, hot lips.

    She dragged her tongue from one corner of Mandy's mouth to the other,
 then stood up again. She wrapped Mandy in her arms, caressing the silky
 flesh of her daughter's back, looking in the mirror at the way that sweet,
 tight little ass jutted in succulent curves, the long, very slender
 thighs, and the pouting bulge of her tiny little cunt between them.

    Mandy wrapped her arms about her mother's waist and buried her sweet
 face into her big tits. Terri trembled with lust, her cunt bubbling wetly,
 juices slipping from the crotch of her panties and down her thighs. Terri
 gasped as Mandy's tiny hands moved downward, and then she gasped again as,
 incredibly, her 12-year-old daughter curled her fingers about the cheeks
 of her ass, squeezing them, mouthing her tits again, going from one nipple
 to the other.

    "Honey... Mandy," Terri whimpered, pulling back. "Do you want to do
 this? Do you want to touch me... and let me touch you?"

    "Oh, I do, Mom!" Mandy panted hotly "I wanna touch you all over! I want
 you to touch me all over!"

    Terri couldn't hold in a low laugh of delight.

    "Seeing that man's prick must have done something to you, Mandy. You're
 so hot."

    "I am, Mommy! I'm so hot!"

    "Here?" Terri asked softly, slipping a hand between her daughter's
 thighs. "Oh, my God! You're little pussy is burning up!"

    "Mommy, I tingle there! " Mandy moaned. "It's itching so much, I feel
 like I gotta pee or rub it or something...."

    "I understand, darling," Terri soothed, stroking the moist crotch of
 Mandy's panties. "I understand very well." She pulled her hand away,
 seeing it glisten with wetness. "I can make the itchiness go away,
 sweetheart and make it feel very good for you, if you'd like that."

    "Ohhh, yes please, Mommy! " Mandy squealed, rubbing her small body up
 against her mother's with excitement. "Please, make it feel real good for
 me!"


                              Chapter 3.

    Terri stood back, looking at her little daughter. Wearing only her pink
 panties, Mandy was a dream, a dream come true. Terri could see what her
 husband saw, see his excitement, his steamy hunger every time he looked at
 their sexy little daughter. Mandy, young as she was, seemed made for
 touching, feeling, kissing...

    If Ray could see their daughter now, the way Terri was seeing her,
 wearing only her flimsy panties, he would no doubt have burst out of his
 pants with a tremendous hard-on, Terri thought. Kneeling in front of her
 daughter, Terri pulled at the tight panties, sliding them down.

    They turned inside out as she lowered them, and she saw the wetness in
 the crotch. Mandy, shivering with eagerness, placed a hand on her mother's
 shoulder, bracing herself as she lifted one foot, then the other. Terri
 removed Mandy's panties, and dropped them on the floor, staring in lustful
 excitement at Mandy's naked young cuntslit.

    Mandy was a beautiful little blonde, but even if she had hair on her
 cunt, it would be so sparse and light that her little pink slit could
 still be seen. Mandy's succulent cunt looked so soft and sweet, the
 cuntlips tight, but puffy with desire. When Mandy opened her thighs
 slightly, Terri saw them gleam with wetness. Maybe Mandy didn't have hair
 on her cunt, but she sure looked juicy on the inside.

    "Mandy... ohhhhh, baby!" Terri cried in a soft, emotional voice. Terri
 bad not seen another girl's cunt since that long ago day in the locker
 room of her high-school. But she had dreamed of it, relived it many times,
 wanting to see another pussy, touch it, play with it... kiss it. "It's so
 pretty, darling! Ooooh, you have such a lovely little pussy!"

    Delighted that her mother was pleased with her cunt, Mandy spread her
 legs wide, arching her young hips forward, giggling in a shy but strangely
 wanton sound.

    "So wet, " Terri moaned. "Your little pussy is SO wet looking! So soft
 and wet and....  ooooh, I can feel the heat of it already!"

    Without any sign of embarrassment, Mandy began to run a finger up and
 down the slit of her cunt.

    "Did you see Jimmy's hard-on in the car, Mommy?"

    "Yes, honey, I sure did."

    "Did you really feel Jimmy's prick, Mommy?" Mandy asked.

    Terri watched the tip of her daughter's finger slip into her tight,
 juicy little cunt.

    "I felt it, honey" Terri whispered. "I felt how, big and hard it was."

    "Oooh, Mommy, I'd like to feel his prick, too! Would Jimmy let me feel
 it, Mommy?"

    "I don't know," Terri said, not really listening, but taking in the
 naked sweetness of her daughter's gorgeous naked little body. "He might.
 He probably will let you play with it."

    "Ohhh, I'd like that!" Mandy whimpered, fucking her finger in and out
 of her own cunt. "I'd play with it and make him squirt! I bet I could make
 Jimmy squirt easy!"

    "You know boys squirt?"

    "Well, I heard they did," Mandy said, "I wanna see it happen! I bet I
 can make Jimmy's prick squirt a lot, Mommy!"

    Terri ran her hot, sweaty palms up and down her daughter's thighs,
 feeling the silky flesh. She slid her hands round to Mandy's small ass,
 finding that the tight little asscheeks just fit into her palms. She
 stared as Mandy's tiny finger darted in and out of her moist young slit,
 hearing the wet sounds, inhaling the heady, exciting scent of her
 daughter's fresh, hairless cunt.

    She moaned softly as her own pussy throbbed, juices running along the
 insides of her thighs to the tops of her stockings. She could hardly
 believe she had just come from her son's room, where she had jacked him
 off and let him come in her mouth, and now here she was kneeling in front
 of her naked daughter, holding her hot little ass and watching her
 finger-fuck herself. It was a dream, an exciting, illicit fantasy come
 true. She wondered why she had told Jimmy not to say anything... Mandy was
 asking for permission to play with his cock!

    Terri's mouth began to water as she watched Mandy finger-fuck herself.
 Her lips felt swollen and hot when she ran her tongue over them. That day
 in the locker room, another girl had sucked and licked her cunt, and later
 that night, Terri understood she had wanted to taste the girl's cunt, too.
 But the opportunity had been lost, and she never had such an opportunity
 again... until now.

    Mandy pulled her dripping finger out of her cunt and playfully smeared
 the juices over her mother's naked nipple. Terri's breath caught in her
 throat; and she leaned forward.

    "Oooh, Mommy!" Mandy gasped, closing both hands about one of Terri's
 exposed tits, pushing her cunt forward.

    "Baby! Oh, baby!" Terri sobbed as her daughter's cunt touched her
 nipple: "Oooh, you're so hot and wet, Mandy!"

    Mandy whimpered softly, rubbing her cunt against her mother's nipple by
 rocking her hips back and forth. Terri gazed downward, seeing her nipple
 rub at the peeking, pulsating clit of her daughter's cunt. Mandy hunched
 forward instinctively, grinding her little slit against her mother's
 large, erect nipple.

    "Put it inside! " Terri whimpered, leaning back.

    Mandy pushed forward, straddling her mother, spreading her legs wide.
 Still squeezing her mother's tit, she lowered her cunt, and Terri felt the
 wet heat close about her nipple. Her erect nipple was inside her
 daughter's juicy little cunt, fucking it like a small cock.

    "Ooooh, Mommy!" Mandy squealed as she began to squirm her tiny hips
 about, trying to fuck her mother's nipple. "I like it! It feels better
 than my finger! Ooooohhhh, I bet I could come doing this! It's so good,
 Mommy!"

    "Rub hard, baby!" Terri gasped, watching her daughter's little pink
 cunt slide on her tit. Cunt juice glistened on her nipple as it seemed to
 dart in and out of the slippery tightness. "Rub yourself on my nipple!
 Make yourself come, Mandy!"

    "I will, Mommy! Oooooh, I will make myself come! Ooooohhh, this is so
 dirty!"

    Terri's cunt was on fire, burning through her panties. With one arm
 behind her, bracing her upper body she slipped her other hand under her
 skirt and into her panties. She began to ram her fingers in and out of her
 hairy, wet cunt, squealing with ecstasy as her daughter wiggled and
 twisted frantically, fucking her nipple. The delicious scent of hot cunt
 filled her nostrils, and Terri inhaled it eagerly, becoming intoxicated by
 the smell of her daughter's hotly-aroused young pussy.

    Her orgasm came swiftly and suddenly, before Terri even knew she was
 going to come. She moaned loudly, her cunt gripping her buried fingers,
 clasping wetly. Mandy was breathing hard now, fucking her mother's nipple
 with faster movements, darting her little cunt up and down, actually
 fucking Terri's nipple as if it were a cock. Her pretty blonde head was
 thrown back, squeals coming from her mouth. Terri pulled wet fingers out
 of her cunt and thrust her hand up between Mandy's thighs, cupping the
 girl's grinding little ass, feeling it bunch and twist in her hands.

    "Come, Mandy!" she urged. "Ohhh, baby, come on Mother's tit! Fuck my
 titties! Oooo, fuck Mother's nipple and come, Mandy!"

    "I'm.... fucking it... fucking it... " Mandy gasped. "I'm fucking your
 tit, Mommy! I'm fucking your tit... but I wanna fuck a cock! Unnnnghh, I
 wanna fuck a real big hard cock... like Jimmy's cock! Uuuuhhhh! I'm gonna
 fuck Jimmy, Mommy! I'm gonna fuck his cock and make him squirt!"

    "Yes, baby, yes!" Terri moaned. "... and I'll lick it all up!"

    Then, with a quick movement she pushed Mandy's pussy off her tit.

    "Mommy!" Mandy wailed. "I was about to come!"

    "You will!" Terri gasped. With another quick movement she pulled at her
 daughter's hips, bringing that soft, wet, hairless cunt to her face.
 "Ohhhhh God, honey, I've got to do this! I can't help myself!"

    "Ooooooooh, Mommy!"

    Terri pressed her open mouth against her daughter's tiny cunt, sucking
 and licking hungrily, closing her palms about the tight curves of Mandy's
 young ass. Her tongue swished up and down the kid's cunt slit, then darted
 deeply into it. The taste made Terri's mind spin, and her cunt bubbled
 cream into her sopping panties once more.

    "Uuuuuuuhhhhhh, do it, Mommy!" Mandy sobbed, grinding her cunt onto her
 mother's hot mouth. "Suck it, Mommy! Ohhhhhh, that's so good! Suck my
 pussy, Mommy!"

    Terri rammed her tongue in and out, feeling the 12-year-old's satiny
 cunt clasp it hotly. She fucked frantically at the sugary wetness, her
 tongue now and then twisting about Mandy's throbbing little clit. She was
 surprised at how wet and juicy Mandy's juvenile little cunt was. She
 swallowed often as the sweetness dripped into her mouth, and her tongue
 became slippery with pussy juice. She squeezed the grinding cheeks of
 Mandy's ass tightly, making lewd wet slurping sounds as she licked and
 sucked hungrily. She found she could close her mouth right over the mound
 of Mandy's cunt, and suck on both puffy little pussy-lips as her tongue
 fucked in and out between them. She was frenching her little girl's hot
 little cunt like a mouth.

    "Uuuuuhhhhhh, Goddddd! You're gonna make it happen, Mommy!" Mandy
 wailed loudly. "Ohhh, you're gonna. make me come! I'm gonna come so hard!"

    A tremor swept through Mandy's naked little body, then she let out a
 squeal of pleasure as her cunt convulsed against her mother's mouth. The
 youngster's orgasm was very strong, very intense. Terri felt Mandy's sweet
 cunt grab at her tongue tightly, felt the fiery pulsations sucking it.
 Then she felt a trickle of wet heat. Mandy's spasming little cunt was
 cumming right into her open mouth. Terri sucked up the freely-flowing
 juices and swallowed down every drop. The very thought of consuming her
 12-year-old daughter's cum-juice, sent Terri into a quivering orgasm. She
 clung to Mandy's grinding ass, sucking the little girl's cunt desperately
 as her own climax crashed through her squirming loins.

    "Mommy! Ooooh, Mommy! Uuuhhhhhhhnnnnngghhh! Fuuuuuuuccckk!"

    Terri held Mandy's cunt against her mouth until the contractions ended,
 and gently drew away. Mandy's young, sweet face glowed down at her with a
 beautiful expression of satisfaction.

    "Mommy, I didn't know you'd do that for me." Mandy giggled, suddenly
 shy.

    "Mmmmmmm, any time, baby!", replied her mother, licking her lips
 suggestively.

    Terri was still sitting on the floor, knees bent leaning back on her
 hands, She smiled at Mandy and spread her legs open, watching her
 daughter's hot gaze shift between them. Mandy's pouty sweet mouth opened
 slightly as a low, breathy gasp came from her.

    "You're wet, too, Mommy," Mandy whispered, her eyes focused intently
 between her mother's open thighs.

    "I sure am, baby," Terri purred, opening and closing her knees slowly,
 her skirt almost around her waist.

    She wondered how her husband would react if he could see their daughter
 now, deliciously naked, with cunt-juice smeared all over her hairless
 little crotch, so eager and willing to please. Ray would actually drool,
 she felt, drool from his mouth and his cock. Then he'd throw her on the
 floor and fuck the living shit out of her. Terri shivered with excitement
 at the very thought of watching a big, thick grown-up cock pumping into
 Mandy's tight, juicy little fuck-hole. She wanted to ask Mandy if she knew
 her father looked at her with lustful eyes, but at the moment she wanted
 to enjoy Mandy alone, by herself.

    Leaning back, dreamily gazing at her naked daughter, Terri slipped her
 right hand down, pulling her skirt to her waist. She ran her fingers up
 and down the wet crotch of her panties, with Mandy's eyes following her
 every move with steamy heat.

    "Do you do that, too, Mommy?" Mandy asked in a hushed voice.

    "Mmmm, quite a lot," her mother replied. "But not so much now that I
 have your father to fuck me."

    Mandy's little body gave a shiver of excitement. The mention of her
 father and the work `fuck' in the same sentence sent strange thrills
 through the horny little girl. She wished she could watch her parents
 fuck, but deep down she knew it was something she desperately wanted to
 try herself.

    "Does Daddy have a big one, Mommy?"

    Terri nodded her head, sliding her hand into her panties, caressing her
 rigid clit, fondling the puffy, hairy, highly-sensitive lips of her
 dripping cunt. Her hand bunched the panties, showing the soft cunt hair to
 her daughter.

    "Does it feel better than your hand, Mommy? "

    "Oh, baby, much better."

    "I'm gonna get Jimmy to put his in me," Mandy whispered.

    Terri pulled the crotch of her panties to one side, exposing her cunt
 fully. Mandy's small, pink tongue ran over her lips as she watched her
 mother dip her middle finger into her cunt, then draw it out, wet and
 slippery with her juices. Terri brought her finger to her lips, twisting
 her tongue about it, licking her own cunt juices wickedly.

    "Ooooh, I've done that, too, Mommy! I've tasted myself before, and I
 love how it tastes!"

    "You want your brother to put his prick in your pussy, Mandy?" Terri
 asked in a husky voice.

    "Is it okay, Mommy?" Mandy squirmed and wiggled with excitement. "I
 wanna feel his big hard prick in me... you know... doing it to me!"

    "You mean... fucking you?"

    "Oh, yes ! " Mandy squealed delightedly. "Fucking me! I want Jimmy to
 fuck me, Mommy!"

    Terri's eyes were slitted with passion as she listened to her
 12-year-old daughter's wanton request. Her eyes were glued to the Mandy's
 tiny little slit, her finger fucking in and out of her own cunt with deep,
 satisfying thrusts as she imagined Jimmy's formidable young prick
 stretching those plump, hairless little cuntlips.

    "Oooh, I'd love to see that, darling!", moaned Terri.

    "You wanna watch Jimmy fuck me, Mommy?" Mandy's eyes widened. "I
 thought you were supposed to do that alone."

    "Not always, baby", replied her mother. "It can be very exciting to
 watch others fucking, and also to have others watch you fucking."

    Mandy giggled, a slight blush on her pretty young face. "I guess I
 wouldn't mind if you watched, but what would Jimmy say? He might be shy
 Mommy. Even with me!"

    "What about you, wouldn't you be shy about showing your brother your
 little pussy, honey?"

    "Oh, no!" Mandy murmured, watching her mother's fingers speed up,
 listening to the slick wet sounds with rising excitement. "I let you see
 my pussy. It would be fun to have you watch us. But Jimmy might not want
 you to see his cock."

    As Mandy said the word, she covered her mouth and giggled. "Oooh, I
 said it! I said `cock', Mommy!"

    "I know," Terri purred, rubbing the tip of her finger over her bulging
 clit now. "And you want Jimmy to stick his cock in your cunt and fuck you.
 And I can watch, right?"

    "If Jimmy will... " Mandy suddenly dropped to her knees, her burning
 gaze fixed on her mother's gaping pussy. With a low moan, the little girl
 placed her hot palms on Terri's knees.

    "Oohhh, yes, baby! Touch me!" Terri urged hotly. "Rub Mommy's legs...
 up high, honey... on the inside."

    Eagerly Mandy stroked her mother's inner thighs, her young eyes
 glittering hotly as she watched Terri finger-fuck herself. But Mandy
 wasn't satisfied with simply touching the satiny flesh of her mother's
 thighs. She moved her fingers up and stroked the hairy lips of her
 mother's gaping cunt as Terri agitated her clit.

    "Oooh, Mommy!" Mandy plunged all four of her little fingers into her
 mother's cunt.

    "Ohhh, baby! " Terri gasped in ecstasy, lifting her ass off the bed and
 hunching her cunt at her daughter's hand as Mandy fucked her fingers in
 and out of her cunt. "Deeper! Now, faster, honey! Ohhhh, that's wonderful!
 Keep it up and you'll make me come so hard!"

    Gazing down between her legs, Terri watched her daughter's tiny fingers
 fucking into her boiling cunt. She gasped and whimpered softly, twisting
 her ass in tight little circles, humping her crotch up to meet Mandy's
 fingers. She wanted to tell Mandy what she had just done with her brother,
 that she had jacked his stiff young cock off just fifteen minutes ago,
 taken the head of his cock between her lips and let him come down her
 throat. She was sure it would make the little girl very horny to know that
 her brother had a big, thick cock and would be only too willing to fuck
 her with it, given half a chance.

    The thought of watching her 15-year-old son fuck his 12-year-old sister
 was such a horny image that Terri came on the spot. With a lurch of her
 ass, Terri shoved her cunt up at her daughter's fingers, feeling the small
 hand lodge itself completely inside her pussy. Terri looked down and
 moaned with ecstasy at the sight of her daughter's whole hand buried in
 her wet, hairy cunt to the wrist.

    "Ohhhhhhh, Mandy! " she sobbed, her cunt contracting around the little
 girl's fist as she came.

    Mandy was fascinated at the way her mother's pussy-hole had so easily
 taken her whole hand up inside it, and how it clutched and rippled around
 her deeply buried fingers. The little girl watched with slightly unfocused
 eyes as the hairy lips of her mother's pussy flexed and squeezed around
 her wrist, the woman's fully-erect clit visibly throbbing. She gazed in
 delight as her mother churned and humped her cunt up and down, delighted
 by the low, guttural sounds of pleasure streaming from her mother's mouth.
 Mandy made a fist and pushed her small hand as far as she could up her
 mother's cunt, which brought a wild, delicious gasp from Terri.

    Squealing in orgasm, Terri grabbed her daughter's wrist and began to
 pump her arm back and forth, using Mandy's little fist like a cock.

    "Fuck it, fuck it, fuck it!" Terri cried passionately. "Oohh, baby,
 fuck Mommy's cunt! Fuck me with your fist! Uuuuuuhhh, this is wonderful!
 So fucking wonderful!"

    Mandy eagerly fucked her mother to orgasm after orgasm. It was very
 easy to do because Terri was easily aroused. And the wanton, incestuous
 images flashing through her lust-crazed mind only increased her passion.
 She remembered the taste and texture of her son's cum in her mouth, the
 smooth, musky sweetness of her daughter's sugary young cunt, and the way
 she had squealed and quivered in climax when Terri had sucked her stiff
 little clit. But the picture of Jimmy's erect cock imbedded in Mandy's
 tiny bulging cunt was the most intensely erotic image she had ever
 imagined. She couldn't wait to get them together and experience it in
 reality.

    After a time, the spasms faded and Mandy removed her hand from her
 mother's cunt with a loud slurp that made them both giggle. Terri lowered
 her ass to the bed, her body still trembling with the beautiful afterglow
 of her powerful orgasm. Her eyes closed for a while but she knew Mandy was
 there, on her knees looking at her cunt. Her panties were caught to one
 side by a hairy cuntlip, her knees spread wide again. She opened her eyes
 when she heard her daughter moan softly.

    Mandy was licking her dripping fingers, her young eyes fiery and glazed
 with renewed passion. Her small tongue lapped from her wrist to her
 fingertips, cleaning them hungrily. Then she pushed all four fingers into
 her mouth and sucked them hungrily.

    "Ohhhhh, baby, that's so sexy," Terri whispered.

    "Mommy, I wanna... " Mandy didn't finish. With a moan, she quickly
 pushed her face into Terri's crotch, her hot little lips sucking as her
 tongue licked and swirled in her mother's saturated slit. Terri lay back
 on the bed with a sigh of pleasure, pushing her cunt into her daughter's
 face and grinding her ass.

    She watched Mandy's eyes, the lower part of her young face surrounded
 by the soft matted curls of her cunt. She gasped when her daughter stabbed
 her small tongue-tip into her cunt, and worked it round and round, then in
 and out. Terri strained her crotch up tightly, and Mandy's small hands
 clawed at her pantied ass, pulling upward, trying to shove her whole face
 into her mother's hotly-seeping pussy.

    "Ohhh, Mandy, lick me! Lick Mother! Ahhh, baby, that feels so good!
 Suck my pussy, Mandy! Suck Mommy's cunt... oh, that's fantastic, darling!
 Mmmmmmmm, yeahhhh! Shove your tongue right up Mommy's cunt!"

    Soft, wet, slurping sounds drifted up to Terri's ears as her daughter
 swished her hot little tongue around, up and down, in and out. Then, when
 Mandy started sucking on her clit, Terri jerked her ass upward, squealing
 loudly. Although she had come so often and hard in the last half an hour,
 she was incredibly excited and ready to climax again in no time.

    "Mandy, I'm gonna come, darling! Oooh, yes, baby! Tongue Mommy up the
 cunt! Fuck me with your tongue and I'll cum in your mouth!"

    Mandy twisted her face hard into her mother's cunt, spreading the hairy
 pussylips and pushing her mouth into it. She sucked at the flowing juices,
 her young throat swallowing hungrily, her tongue sliding about the velvety
 walls just inside. Her hands clutched the tight, bunching cheeks of her
 mother's ass frantically.

    Terri's naked tits jiggled in hardness, her nipples throbbing and
 feeling as if they would burst before her cunt exploded. She grabbed her
 tits, digging her fingers into them almost brutally, squeezing hard,
 making them ache sweetly. Her eyes filmed over with passion, but she
 managed to watch her daughter's face. She twisted her ass about, humped up
 and down, banging her cunt hard at the little girl's sucking mouth and
 licking tongue. Then, with a loud screech, she came once more.

    "Mandy! " she screamed, arching her back in an effort to close her cunt
 around Mandy's face. Mandy, in turn, strained her sucking mouth into her
 mother's juicy cunt. "Ohhh, stop!" Terri cried. "Ohhh, darling, please no
 more! My cunt won't take anymore! Please, stop, baby!"

    Reluctantly, Mandy released her mother's ass, watching as Terri
 sprawled on the floor. She sat back, spreading her own knees and fondling
 her hairless cunt with renewed desire. She licked at her puffy lips, her
 eyes blazing with her need to come again.

    As her eyes focused, Terri saw the young girl's expression. Although
 her cunt ached from the many orgasms, she could not leave her daughter
 hanging. She raised her arms, spreading her legs wide.

    "Come here," she said softly. "Lie on top of me, honey."

    Mandy did, her small titties pushing against the larger tits of her
 mother. Terri was a bit surprised that she didn't have to tell Mandy what
 to do, but by now she realized her daughter did things by instinct, not
 from any knowledge. Pulling her panties wide apart from her cunt, the
 woman made a soft hissing sound when she felt Mandy's rigid clit make
 contact with hers. Slipping her hands to her daughter's tight little ass,
 she cupped it and they began to rub at each other, Terri's hairy cunt
 sliding excitingly on the smooth, hairless pussy of her daughter. She
 caressed Mandy's bunching little ass, twisting her own as she rubbed her
 cunt at Mandy's pussy.

    "I feel you, Mother! " Mandy moaned. "I can feel the hair on your pussy
 tickling mine! I like it... I like the hot feel of your pussy on mine.
 Oooooo, let's rub our pussies together, Mommy. I bet we can come. Uuuuh, I
 bet we can both come again doing this!"

    Terri wasn't so sure about herself, but she was going to help her
 daughter come, in any way she could. She wrapped her long legs about
 Mandy's hips, lifting her cunt to the girl's fiery pussy, rubbing and
 twisting....


                              Chapter 4.

    Jimmy lay in his room, listening to his mother and sister. He knew
 what they were doing. Some of their words could be heard. His cock was
 half hard and out of his jeans, and he stroked it as he listened, his
 mind working up images. He had never seen anything like what they were
 doing, but he knew they were licking each other between the legs.

    He wondered what it would be like, the feel of a wet cunt against his
 face. His mother had certainly sucked up his jizz when he came, he
 thought. If she liked that so much, then maybe licking a girl's pussy was
 good, too. He wondered if his mother would let him kiss her cunt, taste
 it, and lick it. But most of all he wondered if his little sister's cunt
 was any different form his mother's.

    Although he was not one to spy, Jimmy had to see them, see what they
 were doing to each other that made them so excited. He slipped from his
 bed, his cock sticking from his pants, and sneaked into the hallway. The
 closer he got to his sister's room, the louder the sounds became. His
 cock throbbed with excitement as he peeking inside.

    What he saw was his sister's naked body on top of his mother, his
 mother's hands holding Mandy's squirming, grinding little ass, her legs
 lifted and wrapped about Mandy. They were kissing each other, and he
 could see their tongues meet and lick. His cock turned achingly hard,
 jerking upright and almost slapping at his belt. He grabbed his prick
 with a tight fist as he stood in the door watching them, afraid to move
 his hand, afraid he would come off all over the floor.

    Terri let out a soft sigh when Mandy squealed ramming her hairless
 cunt onto her pussy. She felt her daughter's small body shake as she
 came, and then Mandy lay limply on top of her, breathing heavily. Terri
 lowered her thighs, spreading them alongside those of Mandy, but she
 kept hold of the girl's small, tight ass, only no longer gripping it
 tightly. She caressed the satiny asscheeks, dragging her finger along
 the crease of her ass, making her daughter gurgle happily. Then Terri
 looked up and saw her son.

    "Jimmy," she said softly, her eyes showing her delight at seeing him
 there.

    With a squeal, Mandy jumped from her mother's body, one arm covering
 her small tits, the other trying to hide her pussy as she crouched,
 staring at her brother.

    "Jimmy! " she gasped. "You were peeking! "

    "I could hear.... and your door was open," Jimmy said, his eyes moving
 from his sister's crouching body to his mother's.

    Terri had not closed her legs. Her skirt was at her waist, her crotch
 exposed, tits poking out from her open blouse.

    "Did you hear everything? " Mandy asked, her eyes burning on her
 brother's jerking cock.

    "All I heard was squeals and moans," Jimmy said, squeezing his cock
 hard, the already swollen cockhead bulging even more, his piss hole
 dripping pre-cum. Terri sat up, but didn't rearrange her skirt or blouse.

    "Why are you acting so shy, Mandy?" she asked, a teasing smile on her
 face. "I thought you wanted to do it with Ji....."

    "Mommy!" Mandy squealed. "Don't tell him that!"

    "But you said you wanted to fu...."

    "Mommy! " Mandy squealed again, and quickly covered her mother's mouth
 with her hands. Then, realizing her brother could see her naked body, she
 quickly went into her crouch once again, covering her titties and cunt.

    Terri laughed. "What are you trying to hide, honey?"

    "Jimmy is staring at me," Mandy breathed, but her eyes were on his
 hard cock again. "He can see me... naked."

    Terri gently removed Mandy's hands, and although there was a flush on
 her daughter's satiny flesh, the wild look in her blue eyes told how
 badly Mandy wanted to fuck Jimmy. "You told me you wanted him to... "
 Terri giggled when Mandy tried to cover her mouth again, avoiding the
 small hand by turning her head. "You said you wanted Jimmy to fuck you."

    "Mommy! You told!"

    Jimmy, grinning from ear to ear, moved into his sister's room. "Did
 you say that, Mandy? Did you really say you wanted me to fuck you?"

    Mandy gasped. "You're not supposed to say that."

    "But, honey, you do want to fuck him," Terri mewled. "Jimmy, come
 closer, so your horny little sister can see that lovely big prick of
 yours better."

    Jimmy moved forward, his gaze going from his sister's small, hard
 titties with her candy-pink nipples, to his mother's full tits and her
 light-brown nipples. Terri lifted her hand to her son's cock pushing his
 hand away. She took his prick in her own hand sliding on it her fist back
 and forth.

    "You do want this cock in you, don't you, Mandy?" she said softly.
 "You weren't just saying that, were you? You do want your big brother to
 fuck you, right?"

    "But Mommy.... what about...."

    "You said he would be shy," Terri smiled. "But I'd say you're the one
 that's shy."

    "Not me! " Mandy insisted, standing up straight. "I'm not scared...
 see!"

    Terri stroked her other hand up her daughter's thighs to her juicy,
 hairless cunt. She worked her finger into the kid's pussy and fucked it
 in and out at the same time pumping her son's cock. The exciting
 sensation of fingering Mandy's hot young pussy and jacking her son's cock
 off at the same time, sent a steamy reaction through her body.

    "I've never done anything like this before," Terri said in a low
 voice. "Playing with a pussy and cock together. It's fun... I like it."

    She couldn't resist, raising her face and pulling her son's cock down.
 She kissed him on his dripping piss hole. Jimmy was not playing with his
 mother's tits, but his eyes moved from his sister's naked body to his
 mother's blatantly exposed cunt. He trembled with anticipation, his balls
 drawing up at the base of his cock. Terri pulled her daughter's hand to
 her son's huge prick, and closed her fingers around it.

    "Play with his cock, Mandy," she breathed hotly. "Feel how hard it is.
 It isn't as big as the man on the elevator, but I think you'll love how
 good it feels in your little cunt."

    Jimmy needed no prompting from his mother. As his sister pumped his
 cock on her own, he grasped her tight little titties, squeezing them in
 turn, then lowering his hand to her smooth, pink cunt. Mandy wiggled her
 tiny ass, squealing with pleasure as her brother rubbed his fingers into
 her moist little pussy-slit.  At the same time, she jerked her little
 fist in short, quick motions on Jimmy's cock, spreading her legs to let
 her brother finger her cunt better.

    Terri sat on the bed, watching them, her eyes glowing with
 voyeuristic heat. She licked her lips as she watched her son rubbing at
 her daughter's pink, glistening little pussy, and her tiny hand jacking
 his raging hard-on.

    "Fuck each other! " she moaned softly. "Ohhh! please, let Mother see
 you fuck! I want to see your brother's big cock inside your little cunt,
 Mandy."

    "Ooooh, do you wanna do it, Jimmy?" Mandy gasped, turning his cock
 loose and cupping his full balls. "Mommy, these are so hot, too!"

    "That's nice," Terri purred, rubbing at her own cunt, sitting on the
 floor between them. "His balls are full and ready, Mandy. He's ready to
 come a lot, I bet. Lie back and put his cock in your cunt, baby! Let
 Mommy watch you two fuck!"

    "Oooh, Jimmy, let's do it!" Mandy squealed, jerking on her brother's
 cock urgently. "I wanna do it, Jimmy! Come on, hurry!"

    Terri grinned. "My, you're a hot little twat, Mandy."

    "Yes, Mommy, I am! Ohhh, I'm such a hot little twat! I wanna fuck you,
 Jimmy! Ahhh, I wanna fuck you off right now!"

    "Fuck me off? " Jimmy gasped, clutching one of his sister's tight
 little titties.

    "Make you squirt... in me!" she cried hotly.

    Terri lay back on her daughter's bed, her eyes smoldering with
 excitement. Mandy scrambled up beside her, pulling her brother by his
 cock. Jimmy had no choice but to follow. As Mandy lay back, spreading her
 satiny, slim thighs, he gazed into her crotch. His little sister's pussy
 was so smooth and creamy, with slippery juices seeping from the
 pussy-lips, making the flesh of her pretty little ass and inner thighs
 glisten. His cock jerked up and down, dribbling pre-cum on her leg.

    Terri was breathing hard, her naked tits heaving up and down. Her
 nipples we painfully swollen, and her bushy cunt was throbbing. She moved
 her hands to her daughter's crotch, her fingers spreading those satiny,
 succulent cuntlips wide, making Mandy's pulsating clit stand up and her
 tiny little fuckhole flower open.

    "Put it in, Jimmy," Terri moaned softly. "Put your cock in your
 sister's hot little pussy! Hurry, Jimmy!"

    Mandy whimpered, raising her cunt the way her mother had before,
 making tight grinding motions with her little ass.

    "I wanna feel your cock in me, in my cunt! Ohhh, Mommy, make him hurry
 up and fuck me!"

    "You better hurry, Jimmy, " Terri moaned, holding her daughter's
 hairless little cunt wide with her fingers. "Mandy might come before you
 get your cock in her pussy. Feel how hot she is."

    Jimmy ran his palm up and down his sister's cunt, feeling the wet
 heat. Mandy gurgled and strained her pussy against his hand, her own flat
 on the bed beside her raised hips, already clawing at the sheets. As
 Jimmy drew his wet hand away, Terri stabbed a finger in her daughter's
 cunt, fucking it in and out. Mandy sobbed and jerked her hips up and
 down, fucking herself on her mother's stiff finger as Jimmy stared hotly.

    "She's ready, Jimmy! Fuck her! Fuck her good, baby!" Terri hissed,
 pulling her finger out.

    Jimmy pushed the head of his cock to his sister's cunt. His dripping
 cockhead smashed her small, hard clit, causing Mandy to yelp with the
 sensation. She arched her hips a bit higher, and the swollen head of his
 cock penetrated her cunt.

    "Ohhhh!" Mandy gasped, her eyes going wide as she felt the stretching,
 stuffing sensation of her brother's big prick sliding into her small
 cunt. "Ohhhhh, Jimmy!"

    The boy hunched his hips, driving his cock into his little sister's
 pussy until his cockhead met with a spongy resistance. He hunched harder,
 but try as he might, he couldn't seem to get his cock inside her more
 than a couple of inches.

    "I can't get it in, Mom!", cried Jimmy in frustration.

    Terri got behind her son and grabbed his hips.

    "Don't worry, baby, that's her hymen. Your sister is a virgin,
 remember? You just need to bust her little cherry that's all," soothed
 his mother.

    "What do I do?", panted Jimmy, moving his cock shallowly in and out of
 the squirming little girl.

    "Just thrust your cock in her a little harder until you feel it give
 way. Then you can fuck her as deeply as you like. Here I'll help you,
 honey," said Terri pressing down on her son's bunching ass-cheeks. "Now
 push hard!"

     Jimmy thrust his hips down hard and felt the rubbery membrane inside
 his little sister's cunt stretch a little. Mandy bit her bottom lips and
 moaned in pain both pain and pleasure. But her mother had told her about
 her `cherry' and how a guy would have to hurt her a little bit at first
 before he would be able to get his cock right up into her cunt to fuck
 her properly.

     Terri pushed down on Jimmy's muscular buttocks as the boy rammed his
 cock into his sister's upthrust little twat, and on the third attempt
 Jimmy felt a popping sensation and his long, thick cock slid slowly into
 Mandy's tight little cunt to the balls

    "Oooooooooouuuuuuhhhhh, Mommmmmmmy!", moaned Mandy, wrapping her arms
 around her brother's shoulders and lifting her hips up off the bed. "He's
 in me! Jimmy's cock is in me! Ohhhhhhh, it's so biiiiiig! Ummmmmmmmmm! It
 feels so good, Mommy!"

    Terri held her breath as she watched her daughter's hairless little
 cunt part widely and close about her son's cock. Seeing it almost caused
 her to come. She fingered the girl's puffy pussy-lips as she watched
 Jimmy slowly fuck his man-sized cock deeper into his little sister's
 ultra-tight cunt. Mandy held her breath, her ass lifted, legs spread
 wide, her eyes unfocused, lips parted.

    When she saw her son's cock fuck completely into her daughter's
 bulging cunt, Terri pulled her fingers away, sliding them along the
 moist, pink lips at the top of the twelve-year-old's hairless cuntslit.
 She pushed, and Mandy's sweet little ass jerked.

    "You've busted her cherry, Jimmy, now fuck her!" Terri gurgled hotly.
 "Oh, baby, fuck her hot little cunt! Fuck your sister, Jimmy!"

    "Oh, yes, Mom!" he gasped, gripping his sister's hips tightly.

    "Fuck me, Jimmy!" Mandy breathed hotly.

    "Ohhh, it feels so good! Mommy, I'm gonna love this! Ooooh, his cock
 feels so deep in me... I don't know if I can stand it!"

    "You will, honey, " Terri purred, stroking her daughter's firm little
 titties, pulling and twisting her pink nipples. "You'll stand it and want
 more... want as much as you can get!"

    "I know!" Mandy cried. "I already want more!"

    Jimmy drew his cock back, almost slipping the cockhead from his
 sister's cunt. Mandy thought he was going to take his prick out of her,
 and lunged upward, sliding her cunt back onto her brother's thick,
 glistening cock-shaft.

    Terri made hissing sounds as she watched her son fucking his cock into
 her daughter's tight cunt. The way those pink, hairless pussy-lips bulged
 and clutched at his pumping cock-shaft made her own pussy throb and ooze
 juices. She leaned down, keeping her head turned to see her son's cock
 fucking into Mandy's upthrust little twat, and began to suck greedily at
 the girl's small, hard nipples.

    Mandy wrapped an arm about her mother's neck, and began to churn her
 hot little ass as Jimmy rammed his cock in and out of her cunt swiftly.
 Her blue eyes blazed up at his face, her lovely flushed cheeks burning
 with hot desire. Her small hips twisted and churned, humping up to meet
 her big brother's down-thrusting cock.

    Soft, moist sounds filled the bedroom, and as Terri sucked at her
 daughter's titties, she inhaled the delicious scent of their fucking.
 Jimmy was on his knees, holding his sister's hips while she spread her
 thighs around his, working her cute little ass in a frenzy, fucking him
 back, meeting him fuck-thrust for fuck-thrust.

    Terri moved her hand over Jimmy and Mandy's heaving young bodies as
 she sucked and licked at her daughter's tiny titties. Her eyes were on
 fire as she watched how frantically her son's cock pounded into the
 little girl's tightly clinging pussy. She caressed Mandy's smooth back
 and down to her tight little ass, squeezing the asscheeks. She felt her
 son's balls bang at her fingers, and she gripped them, twisting gently as
 he fucked his cock deeply into Mandy's steamy young pussy.

    "Oohhh, fuck me, Jimmy!" Mandy sobbed. "Fuck me hard! Uuuuuuh, I like
 this, Mommy! I think I'm gonna wanna fuck all the time! Jimmy, it feels
 so good in me! I can feel how hard your cock is, and it seems so long and
 big!"

    Terri licked her way up to her daughter's face, swirling her tongue
 over Mandy's chin, then into the youngster's sweet, hot little mouth
 Mandy closed her lips over her mother's tongue, sucking at it. Jimmy,
 feeling his cock gripped very tightly inside his sister's hairless
 twelve-year-old cunt, watched as his mother and sister sucked each
 other's tongues. His mother's big tits were out of her blouse and bra,
 her skirt hiked very high on her slim thighs.

    "Mom, let me see your pussy!" he gasped.

    "Oh, baby! Yes! " Terri groaned, lifting her ass and jerking her skirt
 to her waist.

    With one quick tug, she ripped her flimsy panties off, and drew one
 knee high on the bed, the other leg out. Her hairy cunt was on full
 display to her son, and she began to suck at Mandy's titties once more,
 writhing her naked ass as her pussy bubbled. The soft hairs of her cunt
 were wet with the juices, and her clit protruded with hardness.

    "Look at my pussy Jimmy! Ohhh yes, baby, look at Mommy's cunt! Fuck
 your sister and look at my cunt!"

    Jimmy stared at his mother's pussy, his cock swelling even more inside
 his sister's very tight, very hot young cunt. As he fucked his little
 sister, he darted his hand up his mother's thigh, and when Terri said
 nothing, he caressed her cunt. Terri twisted and rolled her hips, working
 her eager twat up to her son's hand.

    "Finger-fuck her!" cried Mandy, watching her brother's hand rubbing
 her mother's cunt. "Jimmy, fuck mommy with your fingers!"

    With a moan of delight, Jimmy rammed his fingers into his mother's
 cunt, bringing a hot hiss of ecstasy from Terri. When she raised her
 head, watching her son's fingers ram into her cunt, her daughter twisted
 around and sucked on one of her big tits with her hot little mouth

    "Ohhh, God! " Terri cried, feeling the powerful suction of Mandy's
 eager mouth on her tit, feeling her son's fingers fucking into her pussy,
 watching his cock fucking in and out of Mandy's bulging cunt. "Suck my
 tits, Mandy! Ahhh, suck them hard! Fuck me with your fingers, Jimmy!
 Ohhhhh, yes, darling! Finger-fuck your mommy and cock-fuck your sister...
 ooooh, ram it to us.... both of us!"

    Jimmy couldn't concentrate on both cunts at the same time. He fucked
 into his sister's cunt frantically watching his mother fuck her hairy
 pussy up and down on his fingers. Then, with his balls boiling hotly, he
 pulled his fingers-out of his mother's cunt and grabbed at his sister's
 twisting churning, tight ass. He fucked the little kid harder, grunting
 with rapture.

    Terri, almost overwhelmed to see her son fucking her daughter, shot
 her hand to her cunt and began to finger-fuck herself furiously,
 spreading her long, slender legs as wide as she could.

    Fucking into his sister, Jimmy gazed at his mother's fingers. His
 mouth was sagging, the tip of his tongue hanging out, his breath coming
 out in quick panting sounds. Almost frantic with voyeuristic ecstasy,
 Terri raised to her knees, spreading them wide, her skirt bunched about
 her waist. While she stared at her son's cock fucking in and out of
 Mandy's cunt, she finger-fucked herself in a frenzy, ramming first the
 fingers of her right hand deep into her hairy wet pussy, then the left
 ones. Her hips twisted and arched, the wet sounds of her fucking fingers
 mingling with those of Jimmy's stiff cock and Mandy's gooey cunt.

    "Ooooh, I feel like I'm gonna come!" Mandy squealed. "Make me come,
 Jimmy! Ooooohhh God, make me come!"

    "I'm gonna come, too!" Jimmy cried.

    "Yessss, come in her cunt!" Terri urged. "Fill your sister's hot
 little pussy with cum, Jimmy! Squirt it to her... right up her hot greedy
 little twat! "

    Clawing at her own overheated cunt with her fingers, now fucking
 herself with one hand and smashing her hard clit with the other, Terri,
 too, felt herself roaring toward an orgasm. Her tits jiggled as her hips
 darted back and forth, her ass bunching.

    "Now, Jimmy!" Mandy squealed, humping her little crotch up hard, the
 hairless cuntlips crushed at the base of her brother's slamming cock.
 "Come in me now! I'm gonna come so hard, Jimmy! Oh, please, I wanna feel
 you squirt in my cunt! Come in my cunt, Jimmy! "

    With a wild, squealing cry, Mandy came. Her little cunt went into
 strong spasms around her brother's prick. The hairless pink pussy-lips
 squeezed his cock like a fist, flexing in powerful waves of pubescent
 orgasm.

    Jimmy, frantic to come as his sister's cunt gripped his cock, fucked
 faster and faster. With a loud wail, he came too, sending a searing gush
 of thick cock cream into Mandy's tightly plugged pussy. Mandy cried out
 as she felt her brother's hot cum fill her tiny cunt, feeling a cock come
 off in her little virgin pussy for the first time ever. But Jimmy,
 fucking his prick feverishly in and out of his sister's convulsing pussy,
 missed on the way back in and accidentally sent a hot spurt of cum over
 her rippling stomach, almost to her swollen little tits.

    "Oh, no!" Mandy cried. "Put it back, Jimmy! Put it back in and fuck me
 some more!"

    Jimmy stuffed his cock back into his sister's tight little cunt, only
 too happy to keep on fucking her.

    Terri felt herself climax around her own buried fingers, and with a
 throaty cry, dropped her mouth down to Mandy's stomach, her tongue
 licking up the hot juices her son's cock had accidentally squirted on the
 little girl's belly.


                            Chapter 5.

    Terri considered telling her husband Ray what she had done with Jimmy
 and Mandy. She wasn't sure what his reaction would be, but she knew Ray
 wanted to touch Mandy, feel her up, at least her cute little ass.
 Although he had never said it in so many words, she was sure Ray would
 love to fuck their daughter and lick her sweet little cunt. Ray loved to
 push his face between Terri's legs and suck her hairy twat, and no doubt
 he would just love to tongue-fuck Mandy's smooth, hairless little pussy.

    She tried to imagine Ray with his face between their daughter's
 thighs, while she took Jimmy's cock into her cunt. It seemed it would be
 exciting to have Jimmy fuck her while Ray sucked their little daughter at
 her side. But not knowing what his reaction would be, she decided not to
 say anything to him at all. If he discovered them, and said nothing about
 it, she would know what to do then. He talked a lot about how pretty
 Mandy was, how sexy her cute little ass was, but that was about as far as
 he had gone. Talk was one thing, but doing something about it was
 entirely a different matter.

    She slept the next morning, worn out from the many orgasms she had
 enjoyed with her kids. When she had left Jimmy and Mandy, they were
 wrapped up in each other's arms on Mandy's bed. It delighted her to think
 they would probably wake up during the night and fuck again. If she had
 not been so tired, she would have stayed with them, just to watch.

    When it was close to noon, and they still had not come out of Mandy's
 room, Terri went to check on them. But Mandy was alone in her bed,
 sprawled out naked her pussy exposed, one small hand resting with her
 fingers touching a sweet pink pussy-lip, the other cupping a tiny tit.
 Mandy was sleeping peacefully. She found her son in his room. Jimmy was
 propped up in bed, leaning against the headboard, naked and fisting a
 raging hard-on.

    "My, what a lovely big cock," Terri said as she entered his room.
 "What's the matter, honey? Won't Mandy take it again?"

    "She's sleeping, Mom," Jimmy said, holding his balls. "I tried to wake
 her up, but she just mumbled and stayed asleep."

    "And you don't have any pussy," Terri said softly, sitting on the edge
 of his bed, caressing his thigh. "Sitting here all alone with a hard-on
 and no pussy to fuck. You want Mommy to take care of it for you, baby?"

    "Shit, yeah, Mom!", Jimmy enthusiastically.

    Her hand closed about his cock, pumping it slowly, but firmly. Jimmy
 moaned softly, raising his hips. Terri used her other hand to open her
 robe and exposed her naked body to her son in wanton invitation. Jimmy
 didn't ask this time, he simply reached out and began fondling his
 mother's big tits. He looked down her flat stomach to the mass of soft
 pussy hair. Terri opened her legs for him.

    "Touch me," she whispered. "Play with Mommy's cunt, baby."

    "Are you gonna jack me off again, Mom?" he asked, sliding his hand up
 her thigh, then rubbing the wetness of her cunt.

    "Well... " Terri said, looking at his cock and young balls hungrily.
 "I think I have something you might enjoy more."

    "You do?"

    "Oh, I'm sure I do," she purred, leaning down and kissing the head of
 his prick.

    She ran her tongue about the swollen cock-flesh, then dipped her
 tongue at his seeping piss-hole, licking away the pre-cum. She closed her
 hot lips around his cock, sinking down, taking it all the way into her
 mouth, her lips on the base, her tongue pushing it to the roof of her
 mouth. Jimmy moaned softly, a hand on the back of his mother's head.
 Terri sucked up and down, her hot lips tight as her tongue licked. She
 sucked her son's cock slowly, enjoying the hot throb of it inside her
 mouth. She opened her legs more when she felt her son slide a finger into
 her cunt.

    "Ahhh, that's very good, Mom!" Jimmy gasped as she gave his cock a
 hard suck. "You gonna make me come in your mouth again?"

    Terri raised her face, sliding her tongue up and down the hard shaft
 of his prick, then tickled his balls with the tip.

    "You'd like for me to suck you off, wouldn't you? I bet you'd love it
 if I made you come in my mouth. But, Jimmy... I've had my breakfast
 already."

    Jimmy laughed, watching her tongue lap his cock. He fucked his fingers
 deeply into her cunt.

    "Have a second-breakfast, Mom."

    "I had something else in mind," she purred.

    Jimmy didn't reply. He loved the way his mother's cunt felt around his
 fingers, loved the wetness of it, the soft hair. Terri moved toward his
 feet, then pulled him until he was flat on his back. His cock stood up,
 jerking with intense hardness.

    She straddled his thighs, her fingers spreading her pussy open. She
 walked on her knees up over his body, pausing as her cunt hovered above
 his cock. She rolled her hips, teasing her son, her eyes blazing down at
 him.

    "Are you gonna fuck me, Mom?" he moaned eagerly.

    "You'd like that, wouldn't you?" she purred softly. "You'd like it if
 Mommy fucked that hard-on, right? You want to stick your cock in mommy's
 cunt and fuck me, don't you? You want to fuck your mother, right, baby?"

    "Oh, yes, Mom!" he groaned.

    "I might fuck you," Terri said in a thick, husky voice. "I just might
 fuck you good. But..."

    "But what, Mom? I won't tell Dad, " he said urgently. "I won't tell
 anyone! "

    "I wasn't thinking that," she said, inching upward again. She rested
 her cunt on his stomach, and Jimmy's mouth opened as-he felt the wet heat
 of his mother's cunt on his flesh.

    "I was thinking that if you were real nice to me, I'd probably fuck
 you."

    "I'll be nice, Mom!"

    "Of course you will," she breathed, rubbing her cunt higher until she
 had it on his chest. She twisted her ass, smearing her wet pussy on his
 flesh. "You'll do anything Mommy wants... as long as you get fucked!
 Right, darling?"

    "Yes, Mom!"

    "You'd even suck Mommy's cunt, wouldn't you?"

    Jimmy's eyes widened as he stared at his mother's face. Terri waited
 for his reply, rubbing her wet cunt close to his neck now.

    "Well, would you, baby? Hmmmmm?"

    "Jesus, Mom! Give it to me!" Jimmy gasped, sliding his arms about her
 hips and cupping her ass, pulling her pussy toward his face. "I'll suck
 your cunt! I'll lick it and stick my tongue inside and.... uuuunhhhh, God,
 give me your cunt, Mom!"

    "Ohhhh, baby, I knew you would!"

    Terri gurgled in pleasure, lifting her pussy off his chest and sliding
 higher. She stood on her knees, still holding her pussy open. Jimmy gazed
 up at her cunt, his eyes burning and his tongue licking at his lips. A
 drop of pussy juice dripped onto his tongue, and Jimmy pulled it into his
 mouth, then swallowed it.

    "Oooooh yeahhhhhh, kiss Mommy right on the cunt, Jimmy!"

    Holding his mother's naked ass, her robe wide open, Jimmy pushed his
 face into her crotch. Terri gasped in delight as he nibbled his mouth
 about her soft, wet pussy. His tongue darted, sliding over her clit, and
 her ass jerked back and forth.

    "Inside!" she cried. "Push your tongue inside me! Fuck Mommy with your
 tongue!"

    Jimmy opened his young mouth wide, his tongue plunging up into his
 mother's cunt. Terri whipped her ass about, gurgling and whimpering with
 ecstasy. She rubbed and twisted, smearing her pussy against her son's
 slurping lips. She looked down between her tits at his face, seeing only
 his eyes above the thick, curly mass of pussy hair.

    "Eat me, eat me!" she cried out. "Suck that hot cunt, Jimmy! Ahhh,
 baby, baby! Suck Mommy's hot cunt! Fuck me with your tongue! Ahhhh, suck
 it, suck it! Make Mommy come in your pussy-sucking mouth!"

    Clinging to his mother's grinding ass, his fingers squeezing the
 asscheeks, Jimmy sucked and licked hungrily. The juices of his mother's
 cunt dripped directly into his mouth, and he swallowed with pleasure. He
 twisted and twirled his tongue inside her satiny pussy, sucked at her
 rigid clit. Terri squirmed her cunt up and down, jerking her hips,
 rubbing hard into her son's face, her hands now behind his head and
 pulling his mouth as tight as she could into her burning pussy.

    "I'm about to come, Jimmy!" she wailed

    "Ooooh, make Mommy come! I want to come in your face, in your mouth!
 Suck it up, Jimmy! Ooooh, baby, lick Mommy's pussy! Eat Mommy's cunt and
 fuck it and suck it and... oohhhhh, harder, harder!"

    She whipped her ass about, her tits jiggling. Jimmy's tongue was
 fucking deeply into her pussy. With a shout of ecstasy, Terri came. Her
 cunt contracted about her son's tongue hard, the spasms sucking on it.
 Jimmy gripped his mother's twisting ass tightly , burying his face as
 deep as he could, loving the feel of her soft, satiny inner thighs
 squeezing his head. Terri trembled violently as she came, grinding her
 cunt almost brutally into Jimmy's face. She screamed and cried out with
 ecstasy, and as the intensely powerful orgasm slowed and stilled, she
 almost sat down hard on his young face from weakness.

    Jimmy looked up at his mother his lower face still pressed into her
 cunt, watching her tits, her light-brown nipples jutting upward. Terri
 looked down at him, a satisfied smile on her glowing face.

    "God, baby you were good!" she breathed. "Did you suck your sister's
 cunt last night this way?"

    Jimmy shook his head, and his voice was muffled by his mother's cunt.
 "No... she went to sleep."

    Sliding her cunt to her son's chest again, she said:- "Why did that
 stop you? You could have licked her sweet little pussy while she was
 asleep, couldn't you? I'm sure she wouldn't have objected."

    Sheepishly, Jimmy admitted the truth.

    "I went to sleep, too."

    "I bet you'll lick her pussy the first chance you get, though."

    "You bet, Mom! " Jimmy grinned up at her.

    Terri felt her son's hard cock brush her ass. She reached behind her
 body and pumped his cock a few times.

    "Do you still want to fuck Mommy?" she asked softly. "Would you still
 like fuck your mother's cunt?"

    "Yes, Mom! I wanna fuck you now!"

    With a soft purring sound, Terri raised her crotch until it was above
 her son's cock. She slowly lowered her pussy and rubbed the swollen head
 of his prick along the wet, fiery cuntslit. She rubbed his cock at her
 clit, mewling softly. Jimmy watched, writhing his ass with eagerness. He
 wanted to lift his ass, ram his cock up her cunt now.

    "You want it, don't you, baby?" she teased. "You want to fuck Mommy...
 fuck Mommy's cunt. You want to fuck it so much, don't you?"

    "Yes, Mom, and if I don't do it quick, I'm gonna come all over it!"

    "Ohhh, we can't let you do that," she purred softly.

    She lowered her crotch just enough to let the swollen head of her
 son's cock slide between the lips of her pussy. She rolled her hips,
 making a circle with his cock barely inside her cunt.

    "Is my pussy hot, baby?"

    "Oh, yes, Mom! Your cunt is very hot, and very wet!"

    "Want your cock in Mommy's cunt?"

    "Yes! "

    "Maybe I should suck your cock some more."

    "No! I wanna fuck you, Mom!"

    "Ooooh, you really do, don't you?" Terri gurgled."I love it when a guy
 wants to fuck me so badly. It makes my pussy real hot when a guy wants to
 fuck it so much!"

    "Mom please!"

    Gazing into her son's contorted face, Terri slipped her cunt down a
 bit more feeling his cock spread the lips of her hairy cunt. She gasped
 in ecstasy as she felt the hot throb of it fill up her steamy, wet hole.

    "Watch, baby! Watch momma's hot cunt take your big cock!"

    She lowered her crotch, sliding her slippery cunt down, slowly,
 enjoying the sensations. As the soft hair of her pussy touched the base
 of his cock she rested there, slowly squirming her cunt around. Her son's
 cock was deep... very, very deep.

    "Now you watch me, Jimmy," she said, clutching her tits in both hands.
 "Watch Mommy fuck you, baby!"

    Terri began to bounce up and down, riding her son's cock with slow
 motions. But the fiery sensations of her son fucking her wouldn't let her
 keep moving slowly. With a squeal she began to pound up and down,
 slapping her cunt down onto his cock to the root , then lifting until she
 almost lost it, only to ram down again, harder and faster.

    Gasping hotly, Terri fucked on Jimmy's prick, a white froth of cunt
 juice forming on his young balls. She gurgled and sobbed in ecstasy,
 fingers squeezing her naked tits, her robe sliding from her shoulders.
 Her robe fell across Jimmy's thighs, and she sat naked on his fucker,
 dancing her ass about, grinding even as she plunged up and down.

    Her eyes closed, Terri fucked faster and faster, her cunt on fire. She
 frantically brought a hand to her pussy, rubbing and agitating her
 swollen clit as she stuffed her cunt with his cock over and over. Her
 naked ass whipped about, sliding back and forth.

    Jimmy held his mother's thighs, his thumbs gripping near her cunt, his
 eyes wide as he watched her hairy fuck-hole devour his prick. He moaned
 and panted as his mother's cunt rammed up and down, pounding so hard, she
 was making the bed bounce.

    "Oooh, Jesus! Baby, this is wonderful!" Terri sobbed. "God, what a
 cock you have, Jimmy! So hard...uhnnnhh... God! So long! I can feel your
 cock so deep! Fuck me, baby! Fuck Mommy!"

    Jimmy began to thrust his cock up as she came down, making wet sounds
 against her juicy, slurping cunt. Terri was almost screaming with
 ecstasy, fucking hard and frantically with her son. She shot her hand
 behind her whipping ass and clutched his balls, squeezing them, pulling
 them.

    "Jimmy! Ohhh, Jimmy, your balls are so hard!" she gasped. "Give me
 your Jizz, baby! Ohhh, squirt that sweet cum up my cunt! Come in Mommy's
 pussy... I want it in my cunt!"

    "Are you gonna come, Mom?" panted Jimmy!

    "God, yes! FUCK ME HARD!!!"

    Her ass bounced faster and faster. Jimmy was stabbing his wonderful
 big cock into her cunt in a frenzy, grinding and trembling. Terri dug her
 fingers into her naked tits and squeezed, her nipples protruding from her
 tight fingers.

    With a wild cry, Terri came, her cunt gripping in flexing waves on her
 son's cock, squeezing and sucking. She rammed her cunt down tightly on
 his prick, her hips jerking back and forth. She screamed loudly, her head
 twisting and hair flying. Jimmy almost lifted off the bed, his hands
 darting round his mother's hips to grab her squirming ass.

    With a grunt, the boy came, spewing his thick, hot cock cream into his
 mother's sucking cunt. As his head and shoulders came off the bed, Terri
 stuffed one of her tits into his mouth. Jimmy began to suck frantically
 on her nipple, his fingers digging into the hot crack of his mother's
 ass. His cock squirted time and again, flooding her pussy with his young
 sperm. Terri cried and gasped, her orgasms coming stronger and stronger,
 her cunt about to squeeze his cock off at the base.

    "Suck my tit!" she screamed. "Suck my fucking tit and come in my
 fucking cunt!"

    As the final spurt of his cum-load splattered into her pussy, Terri
 fell forward, crushing her son beneath her shaking body, the spasms of
 her cunt still working at his softening cock...


                            Chapter 6.

    "Where did Mandy run off to?" Terri asked when she realized her
 daughter was not at home.

    "I think she went to see Dad," Jimmy answered, "She said she
 wanted to get some money for shopping."

    "She knows she shouldn't bother her father at work," Terri said.
 "Anyway, I have some money I could have given her."

    "I took that, Mom," Jimmy said. "I had to buy a new tyre for my
 bike. Sorry, I forgot to tell you about it."

    "Oh, well..."

    Jimmy was in the garage, smeared with grease, working on his
 ten-speed. All he had on was a ragged pair of faded cut-off jeans.
 Terri watched him a moment, her heart swelling at how handsome he
 was. It had been almost a week since the incident in the elevator,
 and she had been fucking her son and sucking her daughter's juicy
 little cunt each and every day, as often as possible... which was
 very often. Yet still she was horny!

    At night, when her husband came home, she fucked him silly. Ray
 was very pleased, always eager to plunge his cock into his wife's
 horny, ever-ready cunt. He was even more delighted that Terri seemed
 to want to suck on his cock more than ever before, taking his load
 hungrily when he came, swallowing it with soft, animal-like mewls of
 ecstasy.

    Once, they had almost been caught by Mandy with his cock inside
 Terri's mouth. Ray found it puzzling that his wife had not been
 embarrassed by the near exposure. She had just swallowed his cum-load
 when Mandy came bouncing into their bedroom, and Ray thought he had
 covered his cock just in time.

    As it turned out, Ray had been a bit slow. Mandy had seen her
 father's erect prick in her mother's mouth and later confronted Terri
 with what she had witnessed. Terri admitted she had just sucked Ray
 off. Mandy had squealed with delight and kissed her mother
 passionately.

    "Ooooh, I wish I could taste Daddy's cum in your mouth, Mommy! Or
 better still in your pussy!" Mandy had said, and slipped her head
 under Terri's skirt and licked her hairy cunt to orgasm.

    Mandy had never gone to her father's office alone before, and she
 had never asked him for money. She always came to her mother. It
 puzzled Terri that Mandy would go downtown on a crowded bus just to
 ask Ray for shopping money. She sensed her horny little daughter was
 up to something......


    "Honey, you're going to have to scrub good to get all that grease
 off," she said to her son, running her hand through his hair. Jimmy
 made a playful grab at his mother's ass. Terri jumped back with a
 squeal.

    "Don't you dare smear that filthy stuff on me!"

    She wore a pair of white shorts, cut high on her hips, molding her
 rounded ass to perfection, the slit of her cunt showing in the tight
 crotch.

    Jimmy pushed his mouth between his mother's thighs, biting
 playfully at her cunt mound. Terri giggled and returned the pressure.

    "If you'd just clean that grease off, I'd give you a good fuck,
 baby."

    Jimmy stood up, his cock-tip pushing from the frayed edges of his
 cut-offs. Terri fondled her son's virile young prick, her eyes
 glazing over with lust.

    "Well, I could suck you off, I suppose. You don't have any grease
 on your cock, do you?", Terri laughed.

    "Not yet I don't, Mom!" Jimmy grinned back impishly.

    Terri dropped to her knees on the floor of the garage, ignoring
 the spots of grease and pulled her son's shorts to one side. Jimmy's
 formidable young erection sprang out and jerked upward, already
 throbbing with stiffness.

    "Mmmmmm, nice and hard for Mother," she purred, and closed her hot
 lips around his cock. Holding Jimmy's ass through his cut-offs, Terri
 sucked back and forth, glancing up hotly into his smiling young face.

    "Ohhhh, that's good, Mom!" he moaned, almost clutching her hair in
 his greasy hands. Terri drew back.

    "Don't you dare hold my head in those filthy hands, or I'll stop!"

    Satisfied he wouldn't mess up her hair, Terri closed her mouth
 around her son's cock once more, and using her hands on his ass,
 urged him fuck her mouth. Jimmy pumped, watching his mother's lips
 squeeze his cock, listening to the soft wet sounds her mouth was
 making as her lustful gaze burned into his very soul.

    Terri's ass writhed in ecstasy. She clenching her thighs,
 squeezing the lips of her cunt together as she sucked her son's
 prick. Her tongue licked and pressed his cock to the roof of her
 mouth. She felt the smooth prickhead almost slide into her throat.
 The hot taste of his virile young cock excited her, making her cunt
 so wet, the crotch of her tight, white shorts became visibly damp.

    "Mmmmm," she purred as her son fucked her mouth. "Mmmmmmm!"

    After a while, Terri closed her eyes, savoring the salty male
 flavour of his young cock in her mouth. She was anxious to have him
 come there, taste the hot spurts of his thick, creamy cum. She could
 tell by the powerful throbbing of his cock that the boy was close to
 coming. She squeezed his ass hard, pulling his fucker deep into her
 mouth. Her eyes opened in a pleading blaze, silently begging her son
 to fill her mouth with his cum-load. She moaned with hunger as she
 sucked, twisting her lips around his cock as Jimmy began to fuck her
 face faster and faster.

    "I'm gonna come, Mom!" he groaned. "Ohhhh, suck my cock!... I'm
 gonna come so fucking hard, Mom!"

    When the gush of his thick cock cream exploded in her mouth, Terri
 almost choked, but she recovered quickly and thirstily gulped down
 her son's jetting sperm, making lewd wet slurping sounds as she
 swallowed. Jimmy kept his cock fucking into his mother's mouth as he
 came, grunting like an animal. Terri's eyes gazed hotly up at his
 face as she gulped his cum down her throat, her cunt rippling with an
 orgasm. She held his cock in her mouth after he finished, rolling it
 about with her tongue.

    "God, baby!" she moaned softly when she let his cock fall from her
 lips. "You came a fucking gallon! You almost choked me, you came so
 fucking much, honey."

    After running her tongue about her son's cock a few times, Terri
 stood up. She fondled his prick with her hand, kissing the top of his
 head.

    "Get cleaned up. We'll see if we can catch Mandy at your father's
 office. I need to get some money for shopping, too."

                       * * * *

    Half an hour later, Terri pounded her fist on the steering wheel
 of the car.

    "Goddamn fucking car! It always started before. Jimmy, do you know
 anything about this thing?"

    "Don't look at me, Mom," said Jimmy with a shrug. "Dad's the
 mechanical genius."

    "Damn! Well, looks like it's the bus for us " she said, sliding
 from the car, her dress riding high on her long, slender thighs. "I
 wish Mandy would have talked to me before she left. We could have all
 gone together."

    Jimmy held his mother's hand possessively as they waited at the
 bus stop. When the bus arrived, it was packed.

    "Where did all these people come from?" Terri wanted to know as
 they squeezed inside.

    "I kinda like it, Mom," Jimmy said, pushing against his mother's
 firm, rounded ass.

    Terri wiggled until she felt his cock-bulge pushing at the crack
 of her ass. She could even feel his prick starting to grow hard,
 through her dress. She turned around and gave her son a grin, flexing
 the cheeks of her ass when he probed a finger tentatively into the
 crack of her ass.

    "No panties, Mom?" he whispered.

    Terri grinned and shook her head. Mischievously, Jimmy squeezed
 his mother's ass. It was easy enough to do since they were packed in
 tightly no one could possibly see. Terri flashed another smile over
 her shoulder at him, pushing her ass invitingly against his hand.
 Then her eyes widened. Jimmy was working her dress up over her ass!

    As before, Terri wore stockings and a garter belt, but no panties.
 She shivered as her son felt between her legs beneath her lifted
 dress. She gazed about at the other passengers, but no one knew what
 her son was doing to her. It excited her to be felt up in the crowded
 bus, and she writhed her ass as though the sway of the bus caused the
 movement.

    Scooting his hand higher, Jimmy rubbed his mother's wet cunt, and
 Terri parted her legs as best she could. A soft sigh of pleasure came
 from her as he darted his middle finger into her tight cunthole,
 finger-fucking her as they rode along, without anyone being the
 wiser.

    Jimmy rubbed at his mother's clit, then plunged his finger up her
 cunt again. Terri's knees almost gave way. She looked at her son
 again over her shoulder, her eyes slightly glazed. Jimmy grinned up
 at her, and pulled his finger from her clinging cunt, moving it up
 and down the crack of her firm, satiny ass. Becoming bolder, he
 probed his mother's asshole, rubbing the pucker with a feathery
 touch. Terri's cunt pulsated and her pussy juices ran slowly down the
 insides of her thighs, stopped by the edge of her flesh-colored
 stockings.

    Gazing into his mother's eyes, a grin on his face, Jimmy began to
 press the tip of his finger harder at the crinkle of her asshole.
 Terri made a soft hissing sound, and pushed her ass firmly back
 against her son's finger. That was exactly the response Jimmy was
 waiting for, and without warning he thrust his pussy-wet finger up
 his mother's tight asshole.

    "Oooohhh!" Terri whimpered softly.

    Grinning wickedly, Jimmy fucked his finger in and out of his
 mother's asshole, her shapely ass-cheeks almost exposed. If not for
 the crowd of men and women pressing up around them, Terri's naked ass
 and what Jummy was doing to it would have been clearly visible to
 anyone looking.

    Terri didn't care. She felt a wildness, a hot exitement to feel
 her son's finger up her ass in the crowded bus. She twisted her hips,
 pushing her ass back at his darting finger. Her eyes became glassy as
 her mind whirled with deliciously wanton thoughts. She was incredibly
 excited. Having her asshole finger-fucked in public, by her own son,
 was an incredibly erotic experience. Terri felt her cunt begin to
 quiver and itch with arousal.

    "It sure is tight, Mom," Jimmy said, his voice unusually loud.

    "Yes, it is," she responded in a breathless voice.

    A woman looked down at Jimmy. "Are you okay, young man? Can you
 breathe all right?"

    "Yes, Ma'am," Jimmy replied politely, giving his mother a deep
 thrust of his finger. "I'm just fine. It's very tight in here, that's
 all."

    The woman smiled at Terri.

    "It's wonderful to see such a polite young man these days, " she
 said: "You have a lovely son."

    "I know, " Terri answered, struggling to make her voice sound
 normal. "Thank you."

    Jimmy speeded up his jabs, fucking his finger hard into his
 mother's hot, clinging asshole. Then Terri gasped softly when he
 jerked the finger out, her asshole clamping tightly. But then he
 pushed the finger into her cunt, finger-fucking her pussy wetly.
 Terri's ass squirmed about all over the place as Jimmy buried his
 finger in her cunthole to the hilt.  She was unable to stand still.

    "Are you ill?" the woman asked Terri, concern showing in her eyes.

    "No! No, I'm fine." Terri managed to smile. "I feel good... very
 good."

    "You do feel good, Mom," Jimmy said, watching his mother's face
 flush slightly. "You feel very good!"

    He pushed his finger up and down, and Terri could hear the wetness
 of her cunt sucking at his finger. In no time at all she felt a
 welcome wave of pleasure sweep through her body as Jimmy pumped his
 finger deep into her pussy, his knuckles rubbing deliciously against
 her throbbing clit.

    Terri successfully stifled a moan as she came by biting down hard
 on her knuckles. But there was nothing she could do to conceal the
 involuntary movement of her ass. Her hip jerked against the woman
 close to her, and even as she was coming Terri managed to aplogise,
 her voice throaty and catching a bit on the words. Jimmy giggled as
 he pulled his finger from his mother's cream-filled cunt, caressing
 the slippery wetness on her inner thighs.

    "We should be almost at our stop, Jimmy," Terri said when she felt
 him fumbling with his crotch behind her. She sensed what her excited
 young son was about to do, but she didn't want him to take his cock
 out on this bus. That would be going too far!

    Jimmy grinned up at the worried look on his mother's face. Her
 eyes widened briefly when she felt his bare, hard cock rubbing
 between her thighs, touching her cunt. She couldn't tell him to stop.
 She couldn't say anything that might give him away. Somebody was sure
 to hear, and they would be caught. When she felt the head of her
 son's cock push past the hairy lips of her cunt, Terri flashed a
 warning look at him, but Jimmy only grinned back at her. She felt his
 cock throb, with just the swollen cockhead inside her cunt. She
 wanted to slam her ass back and take his cock in deep, but there was
 no way she could do that.

    With a very slow motion, Jimmy fucked his mother's cunt by bending
 and straightening his knees, one hand holding her waist, the other
 still beneath her lifted dress, stroking and fondling her bare ass.

    "Are you sure you're all right?" the woman asked Terri. "You look
 flushed, and you're trembling. Should I tell him to stop?"

    "Who?" Terri asked, wondering if the woman knew Jimmy was fucking
 her.

    "The driver," the woman said.

    "No, it's okay," she managed to say in a low voice. "I'm feeling
 very good, thank you. It will be over soon."

    "Are sure, Mom?" Jimmy asked, glancing at the woman. "Are you sure
 it will be over soon? "

    "I hope not... I mean, I hope so!"

    It was very difficult for her to stand still while her son fucked
 his cock in and out of her cunt. She wanted to wiggle and thrash,
 arch her ass back at him so he could ram it in hard and deep.
 However, being fucked by her son on this crowded bus excited her very
 much, and she felt another orgasm growing in the pit of her stomach.
 She clung to the overhead strap tightly, swaying with the motion of
 the bus, almost gritting her teeth to keep from crying out in
 ecstasy. She closed her eyes, a smile of total pleasure on her
 flushed face, her lips slightly parted and the tip of her tongue
 caressing them.

    Jimmy pulled his cock out of his mother's cunt, and Terri could
 not suppress a soft whimper of protest. It brought another concerned
 look from the woman at her side. Terri gave the woman a weak smile,
 and her eyes rolled slightly when she felt her son slide his
 pussy-slick cock into the crack of her ass. She felt him push the
 swollen cockhead tightly at her puckered asshole and she squeezed it
 as tight as she could, knowing what her son was going to attempt. She
 flashed another warning glance at him, but Jimmy only grinned
 wickedly, pressing his cock harder at her asshole.

    "Jimmy... " gasped Terri softly.

    "Are you sure there's nothing wrong?" the woman asked.

    "No... I'm fine... really," Terri said in a tight voice. "It's
 just that I'm so... it's so hot with all the people on the bus. I'll
 be okay in a moment."

    "I know you will, Mom," Jimmy said, pushing harder against his
 mother's tightly-clenched asshole. "If you'd just loosen up a little,
 it will be just fine."

    "I... I'll try, honey," she breathed.

    As Terri relaxed, the ring of her asshole, Jimmy pushed the head
 of his cock inside. Terri held her breath, afraid she would cry out.
 Not with pain or shock.... simply because of the sheer excitement of
 her son's hard young prick entering her horny asshole. There was a
 burning, tingling sensation, but it wasn't bad at all. Her asshole
 felt stretched wide open, and she kept holding her breath as Jimmy
 slid his eager young cock deeper into her buttery anus.

    Then Terri tightened her ass ring, closing it about her son's cock
 in an effort to prevent him from fucking her. Not because it hurt, or
 because of any sense of degradation, but the experience was so new to
 her, Terri felt she needed to explore it with Jimmy at home... to
 enjoy the wonderful sensations of her son's hot cock up her asshole
 in the privacy of her own bedroom... not on a bus.... in public!

    "No, Jimmy!" snapped Terri, jerking her hips forward.

    "Mom!" Jimmy moaned.

    His cock came out of her asshole just as he was coming. Terri felt
 the hot spurts of his jism on her ass, felt it drip into the crack
 and burn on her asshole.

    "I'm sorry," she murmured. "I didn't know you were so close,
 baby... "

    The bus lurched to a sudden stop, and the passengers began trying
 to squeeze past them. Quickly, Jimmy stuffed his cock into his pants,
 smoothing his mother's dress over her naked ass just in time. As
 Terri and Jimmy stepped off the bus, she turned to face her son.

    "You really wanted to fuck me on that bus, didn't you?"

    "I did fuck you, Mom."

    "And came all over my ass," complained Terri, but she couldn't
 suppress a grin. "I hope it doesn't show through my dress."

    Jimmy moved behind her and took a look.

    "Just a little dampness, Mom. You look fine."

    "You little devil," she said, giggling despite herself. "I can't
 trust you, can I?"

    "You can trust me, Mom," said Jimmy, taking her hand as they
 started for Ray's office building. "It's my cock you gotta watch out
 for."

    "So I'm finding out," laughed Terri, squeezing her son's hand.


                             Chapter 7.

    "Have you seen Mandy, darling?" Terri asked, as they entered her
 husband's office.

    Ray nodded. He was sitting behind his desk, his face slightly
 flushed, slumped back in the big executive chair. His eyes were slightly
 glazed.

    "Is something wrong, darling? " Terri asked. "You don't look well,
 dear."

    Jimmy glanced at his mother, remembering the woman on the bus, and
 her concern. His mother was repeating it almost word for word. He
 watched her sit on the edge of her husband's desk, swinging on
 high-heeled foot, her skirt past her knee. Jimmy licked his lips as he
 remembered how hot and tight his mother's cunt and ass had felt on the
 bus. Terri leaned over and gave her husband a kiss, pressing the back
 of her hand against his forehead.

    "You have a fever, Ray, " Terri said softly. "Why don't you take the
 rest of the day off and come home with us?"

    "I'm okay, darling" Ray replied. He closed his eyes, and gritted his
 teeth.

    Beneath his desk, Mandy was kneeling between her father's knees. She
 his long, thick cock out of his pants and was stroking her hot little
 hand up and down its turgid length, trying hard to keep from giggling.

    Jimmy was looking out the floor-to-ceiling windows of his father's
 office. He was always fascinated with this view. Terri swung her foot to
 and fro.

    "If you're sure you're not coming down with something, I'd like to
 have a little money for shopping."

    "Sure," Ray said, his voice sounding a little strange. He opened his
 desk drawer and started to pull out the cheque-book. "Would you rather
 have cash, honey?"

    "No, a cheque will be fine, darling." she answered.

    Jimmy turned around, and found he could see right up his mother's
 dress the way she was sitting. He looked long and hard, admiring her
 naked cunt. He could see the creamy flesh of her thigh above her nylons,
 and his cock began to swell inside his, jeans. Jimmy pushed a hand into
 his pocket to conceal his arousal. His horny young mind though, was
 between his mother's wantonly exposed thighs.

    Stuffing the money into her bag, Terri noticed her son peeking at
 her. Deliberately, she lifted her knee higher on her husband's desk,
 letting her son stare lewdly at her naked cunt. She gave Jimmy a secret
 smile and lowered her eyes meaningfully to the front of his pants...  a
 clear signal of what he'd get as soon as they were alone. Jimmy grinned
 back at his mother with undisguised lust.

    Below the desk. Mandy was jacking on her father's cock, one hand
 covering her mouth to fight off threatened giggles, the other firmly
 clasped around Ray's rock-hard prick as the little girl jerked her tiny
 fist rapidly up and down. She squeezed her father's cock hard, trying to
 make him gasp with her mother and brother there. When this failed to get
 the desired response, Mandy pushed her young face forward and lovingly
 tongue-kissed the bloated tip of her father's prick. Ray almost jumped
 from his chair.

    While he tried to carry on a calm conversation with his wife and son,
 his precocious little daughter began to lick up and down his cock. Her
 hot little tongue was wet, swirling about the throbbing prickshaft, then
 twirling in a hot, exciting circle on the smoothly swollen cockhead.
 When the little girl dipped her tongue at his piss hole, licking up the
 dripping pre-cum, Ray almost jumped from the chair again.

    "Now you're starting to shiver, Ray," said Terri, concern for her
 husband showing on her beautiful face.

    "It's the air-conditioning, honey...  damn thing is busted again," he
 said, trying desperately to control the pitch of his voice.

    Mandy closed her hot little lips about the head of her father's cock,
 sucking hard as her tight fist jacked up and down. Her tongue kept up a
 wicked twirl at his piss hole. As she fished his hot, hairy balls out of
 his pants, her father dropped a hand under the desk and tried to push
 her face away. But Mandy refused to take her mouth off his cock.

    Terri looked closely at her husband. Ray tried to sit calmly, looking
 his wife right in the eye. He pushed at the top of his daughter's head,
 but Mandy closed her mouth tighter on the bulging head of his cock and
 jerked her fist up and down faster and faster, her other hand clutching
 his cum-laden balls. While she jacked her father's cock, Mandy sucked
 wantonly, hungrily, bobbing her sweet face up and down. Ray's hand on
 her head loosened, and he ran his fingers through her soft blonde hair.

    "Well, you two better get going," Ray said. his voice trembling.
 "I've got things to do here."

    Mandy began to mewl as she sucked her father's cock, and, unable to
 stifle her sounds of ecstasy, Ray attempted again to push his daughter's
 mouth off his prick. But Mandy was gripping it tightly, sliding her
 small mouth over the swollen cockhead, licking in a frenzy at her
 father's dripping piss-hole.

    Terri thought she heard a moan, but she wasn't sure. She slipped off
 Ray's desk, smoothing her skirt over her thighs and hips, looking
 quizzically at her handsome husband.

    "Well, darling, if you're sure... " she said. Then she heard that
 faint moaning sound again and she could have sworn her husband's eyes
 widened for a brief moment. "Ray...?"

    "Go on, honey," he croaked. "Go shop to your heart's content."

    "Well, okay," Terri said. "Come on, Jimmy. Your father has work to
 do."

    As Jimmy left the office, Terri turned back to look at her husband
 once more. His eyes were closed. She had seen that expression on his
 face many times before, at home in bed, never here in his office.

    "Ray..."

    He looked at her. Terri flashed a wanton grin at him, turned her
 back, and flipped her dress to her waist. She heard her husband gasp as
 she exposed her naked ass to him, then she blew him a kiss, closing the
 door behind her.

    "Unnnghhh, Mandy!" Ray grunted, grabbing the back of his daughter's
 head and forcing her mouth down over his cock.

    Mandy made a soft choking sound and he released her, caressing her
 sweet cheek as she began to suck hard and wetly now, her tiny fist
 pounding up and down from his balls to her tightly-stretched young lips.

    "Ohhhh, God, Mandy!"

    "Mmmmm," moaned Mandy, lifting her mouth from her father's stiff
 cock. "Daddy, you almost came! Come on, Daddy! Come for me!"

    She began sucking again, furiously, taking her father's swollen
 cockhead into her mouth, her little tongue wild and hot as it ran
 rapidly about his seeping piss-hole.

    "Ohhh, baby, baby! Here it comes!" Ray groaned, his body shaking as
 he opened his knees wider under his desk.

    The hot splash of her father's cum-load entering her tiny mouth
 brought a muffled, wet squeal from Mandy. She gulped at his jizz-spewing
 cock hungrily, swallowing with wet sounds, running her hot little tongue
 back and forth on his gushing piss hole, tasting his cock cream, her
 little cunt ready to explode with an orgasm of its own.

    Gasping loudly, Mandy sucked at her father's cock until she had
 emptied his balls. Then she giggled, kissed the head of his wet cock,
 and scooted out from under his desk. She stood up, grinning proudly, her
 lips glistening wetly with the remains of her father's creamy load.

    "I thought they were gonna find me under the desk, Daddy," she
 laughed, climbing onto his lap and hugging him tightly.

    "You got under it just in time, baby" he said, stroking her tight
 little titties through her white blouse. Her green plaid skirt was above
 her dimpled knees, her knee socks making her look even younger than she
 was. "Are you sure your mother told you I like to look at you? Or did
 you make it up so I'd let you do this, honey?"

    "No, she told me, Daddy.... Honest!... Mommy told me a lot of
 things."

    "For instance?"

    "How you like to look at my ass and what your big old cock feels like
 in her cunt... things like that."

    Ray was having difficulty believing all this. When Mandy had came
 into his office, he had been very pleased to see her, as always. She had
 been visiting him at work for two weeks, never asking for a thing, just
 saying she wanted to see him. Then today, she had come in with a bright
 smile on her face, and after closing the door, leaned against it, and
 shyly poked her thumb into her mouth, sucking it cutely as her eyes
 blazed at him in a way he had not seen before.

    While Mandy sucked her thumb shyly, she had lifted her plaid skirt to
 her waist without saying anything. Completely speechless, Ray could only
 stare at his daughter. The sight of her tight, pink panties and her
 knee-length socks excited him so much.

    "Wanna fuck me, Daddy?" she had asked, bluntly.

    Ray almost came out of his chair in surprise. But, all he could do
 was stare at his cute little daughter as she stood sucking her thumb and
 holding her skirt up. His cock became hard as Mandy walked toward him
 with her dress around her waist, coming round the side of his desk until
 she stood beside his chair. Then, suddenly, Mandy pulled her thumb from
 her mouth and, before he could say anything, she grabbed his cock with
 her small fist, telling him how hard it was and how much she wanted to
 see his cock and play with it.

    He sat in the chair, shaking, unable to stop her as she opened his
 pants and pulled his cock out. He stared down in disbelief as his
 daughter's hot little hand moved up and down his cock. While she jacked
 his prick, she told him her mother had said he loved to look at her, at
 her little ass, that she knew her father wanted to fuck her, and that
 she was willing to let him try.

    "But... but, you're so young," he finally said.

    "I'm big enough to fuck, Daddy," Mandy giggled.

    She had just started to sit in his lap and show him when Terri and
 Jimmy had arrived.... Now, one arm around her shoulders, Ray felt his
 cock pressed against the back of his daughter's thighs. He had never
 felt anything so hot and smooth in his life.

    Hugging her father tightly, Mandy pulled skirt up and shoved his hand
 between her legs, placing his trembling palm on the bulging crotch of
 her panties.

    "Feel how hot this makes me, Daddy," she purred. "My cunt is so hot,
 and I wanted to kiss your cock and taste it. And since Mommy and Jimmy
 were here and I had your cock in front of my face, I just went ahead and
 sucked you off. Aren't you proud of me. Daddy?"

    "Oh, shit!" Ray gasped, pressing hard at his daughter's hot little
 cunt, feeling the wetness through her panties.

    "No, Daddy!" she giggled, squirming her cute ass against his cock.
 "That's not shit! That's pussy... that's my hot little cunt... and its
 all for you!"

    Ray groaned and rubbed at his daughter's juvenile pussy. "Unhhhhhh,
 Jesus! I can't believe you're letting me do this, sweetheart! What about
 your mother? If she ever found out....."

    "Don't worry about Mommy," winked Mandy. "She's had your big ol' cock
 all to herself for far too long Daddy... now it's my turn..."

    "Ohhhhh God, sweetheart... I know it's wrong, but I can't help
 myself... You're such a sexy little cunt!", moaned Ray, lifting his
 young daughter bodily off his lap and sitting her on his desk facing
 him.

    Mandy squealed in delight as her father pushed her skirt past her
 hips, leaning back on her arms and opening her legs wide. She placed her
 feet on the arms of his chair as he opened her slender, satiny, young
 thighs.

    Ray gazed at his daughter's panty-encased crotch, breathing hard, his
 cock starting to stand in hardness once more. He couldn't help it... he
 had to taste his little girl's plump young cunt. With a moan, Ray buried
 his face into his daughter's cunt, his mouth wide open, sucking at her
 wet, juicy panties.

    "Ooooo, I like that, Daddy!" Mandy gurgled, lifting her ass up and
 pressing her tiny pussy hard into her daddy's face, grinding back and
 forth.

    Ray lapped at the tight crotch of her panties, tasting the musky
 sweetness of her hairless cunt through them. His hands feverishly
 gripped her narrow hips, then slid under to clutch the small cheeks of
 her tight little ass. He pulled Mandy's tiny young crotch up against his
 burning lips, turning his head to lick and kiss the insides of her
 thighs. He licked from her knees to the edge of her panties, then sucked
 the wet crotch of them into his mouth. Mandy squealed with pleasure.
 Then, hooking a finger into her panties, she jerked them away from her
 pussy, allowing her daddy's mouth complete access to her hot, juicy
 little cuntslit.

    "Lick my pussy, Daddy! Oooooh, fuck my cunt with your tongue!"

    "God, Mandy," moaned Ray as he inhaled the sweet, fresh scent of his
 daughter's succulent, hairless cunt. "I had no idea... you're wonderful,
 baby! Ohhhh, such a beautiful little pussy, such a sweet, smooth, soft
 little cunt!"

    Mandy gasped as her father's tongue darted deeply into her slit. She
 arched tightly into his face, twisting frantically as his expert tongue
 fucked in and out, swirling about her small clit, only to dip down and
 lap at the juices dripping from her hot little pussy-slit again and
 again.

    "Ohhhhh, yeahhhhhhh! Lick it, lick it, Daddy! Oooooh, Daddy, suck my
 cunt! Suck me off...  suck my cunt off and make me come! I wanna come,
 Daddy, come in your mouth.... on your face!"

    Mandy grabbed the back of her father's head, pulling him hard into
 her hot little cunt, squeezing her slender young thighs against his
 face. Ray gasped as his tongue slithered up inside his daughter's wet,
 deliciously-tight young cunt. Mandy's musky juices tasted like candy to
 him, and Ray slurped them up hungrily, probing deeper for more.

    "Ummmmmm! Oooooh Daddy! I bet you have a big ol' cock now, don't
 you!" moaned Mandy. "I bet licking my pussy makes your cock big and
 hard! Oooooh, I wanna suck on your cock again, Daddy! I wanna sit on it
 and fuck it... uhhhhhhh, Daddy! I wanna feel you come in my cunt!!"

    Ray clutched the twisting cheeks of his daughter's hot little ass
 through her panties, his tongue fucking as deep as possible into her
 slippery, hairless, little cunt. The way Mandy's pussy grabbed and
 squeezed his tongue reminded him of his wife's ever-ready twat, but a
 LOT tighter, and hearing his daughter's wanton words sent shivers of
 ecstasy through him.

    "Oooooh, you're gonna make me come, Daddy! Make me come...  I wanna
 come!"

    As her father fucked his tongue in and out of her cunt, his fingers
 digging into her tight little ass, Mandy squealed... then her hips
 jerked, and she began to grind her naked little crotch in a frenzy at
 his mouth, coming hard and hot. Ray kept up the relentless thrusting of
 his tongue as his daughter came, wanting to both give her pleasure and
 taste her incredibly fresh little cunt for as long as he could.

    When her orgasm was over, Mandy lay across her father's desk, her
 feet still propped on the arms of his chair, her knees sagging open. She
 breathed heavily as Ray stood up and opened her blouse, exposing her
 small titties. He cupped them, then pushed his mouth down and sucked
 first one pink nipple, then the other. Mandy whimpered and writhed on
 his desk, urging her father to suck her titties... to do deliciously
 depraved things to her overheated young body.

    As he sucked on her hard little titties, Ray's hands feverishly
 pulled at her tight panties, sliding them to her knees. Mandy lifted her
 legs in the air, and he pulled her panties off over ankles. He gasped in
 pleasure as he stared at her hairless cunt, seeing the wet softness of
 the tiny, glistening pussy slit for the first time.

    "Fuck me, Daddy!" Mandy whimpered helplessly. "Please, fuck me!"

    "I don't know what the hell brought all this on, honey," Ray groaned
 as he moved the head of his hard cock along her creamy thigh, "but I
 want to fuck you, Mandy! I've wanted to fuck your hot, sexy little ass
 for a long, long time!"

    "Do it now, Daddy!"

    "You're so small, so very small."

    "I can take it!" Mandy gasped, thrusting her naked cunt toward her
 father's cock as the hot cockhead brushed close to her cunt slit. "I
 want you to, Daddy! I want you to fuck me with your big cock! I wanna
 feel you come in my cunt, Daddy!"

    "Ohhhhhhhhhh.... baby!"

    Ray placed the head of his cock against the tiny slit of his
 daughter's hot little twat, pushing gently, resisting the impulse to
 plunge right in. He watched Mandy's creamy cunt stretch as the head of
 his cock slipped between the shiny, pink cuntlips. Mandy was holding her
 breath, feeling her pussy being stretched, yet finding it so very, very
 good.

    Fascinated to see his cock inside his daughter's cunt, Ray stood
 upright, holding her tight little ass in his big hands. Mandy moved
 slowly, sliding her cunt onto her father's cock, gasping as more of it
 filled her. She used her little fingers to try and spread her pussy
 wider, but it was already as open as it would ever be. Mandy sighed when
 she felt his wiry crotch hairs tickle the lips of her hairless cunt, and
 she wiggled her ass. She smashed her pussy hard at the base of his cock.

    "Oooooh, Daddy, you're so big in me!" Mandy cried with delight. "I
 can feel your balls on my ass... they're so hot!.... and your cock is so
 big and so deep inside my cunt!... Uuuuuuuhhhh! Fuck me now, Daddy! Fuck
 me and come in me!"

    "Okay!....." grunted Ray, gripping Mandy's firm little ass with both
 hands. "You asked for it, baby!"

    Her thighs squeezing at his hips as Ray began to pump back and forth,
 fucking his 12-year-old daughter's cunt with slow, easy strokes. He was
 still afraid of hurting her. The tightness of her pussy was exciting, as
 was the sight of her tiny, bulging cuntlips gripping his cock. He
 gritted his teeth, feeling as if he were about to come already, not
 wanting to come, wanting to feel Mandy's hot, ultra-tight little cunt
 around his straining cock for as long as he could stand it.

    Mandy thrashed her ass about in ecstasy, grinding and squealing, her
 small titties so tight, there was no movement of them at all. Her
 gleaming blue eyes opened and closed as her blonde hair flew.

    Ray was totally immersed in the pleasure of fucking his incredibly
 willing little daughter. A part of him still couldn't believe what was
 happening, but his cock told him to forget that and just fuck the shit
 out of the hot, tight little cunt squirming beneath him. Like any male
 faced with a similar situation, Ray was running on hormones!

    He rammed faster and faster into his little daughter's cunt, fucking
 her relentlessly, unable to control himself now. He grunted as he
 pounded back and forth, fucking his cock hard and deep into the hot,
 clasping tightness of Mandy's juvenile young cunt. His balls smacked at
 her hot little ass loudly, and through the ringing in his own ears he
 didn't hear the ringing of his phone.

    "Harder, Daddy!" Mandy gurgled. "Fuck me harder! Fuck my cunt with
 your big fat cock! Uhhhhhhh, God, fuck the piss out of my hot little
 cunt, Daddy!"

    "Ohhhh, Mandy!" gasped Ray. "I can't last any longer, baby! You're
 too tight! Unnngggghhhh, Jesus, I'm cummmmmmmming!!"

    Suddenly, Ray's cock erupted, sending hot spurts of fatherly jizz into
 his daughter's quivering little cunthole.

    "Ohhhh, yessssss! Give it to me, Daddy!" Mandy squealed, her tiny
 pussy convulsing about her father's huge, thrusting prick. "Oooooh, I'm
 coming again, Daddy! Ahhhh, I love it... I love your big, hard cock,
 Daddy! Fuck my cunt and come in meeee...... Uuuhnnnnhh.... I'll suck you
 off and you can lick my pussy and... ohhhhh, I don't wanna ever stop
 coming!"



                             Chapter 8.

    Terri examined clothing in the shop, while her son stood around bored.
 Jimmy had no interest in clothing, especially women's clothing. That is,
 until he saw his mother looking over some especially revealing lingerie.
 Terri smiled at her son as he began to take some notice.

    "You like these?" she asked, holding up a lovely pair of panties, lacy
 and fragile. "I think they're pretty."

    "They'd be prettier on you or Mandy," he said. "I don't much care for
 panties unless they're on you or Mandy, Mom."

    "Or off us," laughed Terri, putting them back.

    She selected a new garter belt and half a dozen pairs of flesh-colored
 nylons. As she picked through a rack of reduced dresses, Jimmy wandered
 off. When Terri found him, he was searching for a way to peek into the
 curtained dressing booths.

    "Having any luck, honey?" she grinned.

    "Not a bit," he pouted. "I wanted to see that girl." He pointed out an
 attractive young girl of about sixteen or seventeen at the clerk's
 counter paying for some clothes. "She's got a cute little ass, doesn't
 she, Mom?"

    Terri looked at the girl critically. The girl did have a lovely shape
 to her ass, and she certainly had the legs to go with it. But Terri
 jammed a finger into her son's ribs. saying: "Aren't your sister and I
 enough for you?"

    "Yeah," he grinned, but he kept staring at the girl's ass as she
 walked towards one of the dressing booths.

    Terri couldn't miss the bulge in his jeans. Her eyes began to gleam as
 her cunt reacted to her son's hard-on.

    "I'm going to have to do something about that," she said, turning her
 back to her son as she pulled him between some racks of clothing.

    Concealed this way, Terri gripped her son's cock-bulge, making the
 young boy's eyes roll with pleasure. Looking around carefully, she pulled
 Jimmy's erection out of his pants, Then, making sure he was pressed
 against the rack, she began to stroke his cock, jacking him off.

    Jimmy balled his hands into fists, his expression indicating his
 delight. Terri, pretended to look at dresses, a she jacked her son's cock
 back and forth, squeezing it, rubbing her palm over his dripping
 cockhead.

    "This will teach you to try and fuck your mother on a bus, young man"
 said Terri, but the look of lust on her face betrayed her own excitement.

    "Careful, Mom," moaned Jimmy. "You'll make me come all over these
 dresses." Terri just squeezed his cock hard, jerking faster, keeping her
 eyes peeled for anyone approaching.

    Terri kept sorting through the dresses with her left hand, not even
 seeing them. Her right hand pumped and squeezed and pulled on her son's
 cock. Jimmy began to breathe faster, and he was having a difficult time
 trying to pretend boredom.

    "Feel my cunt," Terri whispered in her son's ear. "Mommy's so wet,
 baby!"

    She felt her son's hand lifting the front of her dress, and looked
 around the store. There were only a few other shoppers, all women, and
 they were more interested in the sales rack than in her and Jimmy. She
 pushed her hips into the dresses and her son lifted her skirt so he could
 feel the soft hair of her naked cunt. As he rubbed a finger up and down
 her swollen clit, Terri made breathless panting sounds as her fist worked
 on his cock faster and faster.

    She had the powerful urge to try and get her son's cock into her cunt,
 try to conceal what they were doing with the dresses, and fuck him
 swiftly. Somehow, Terri resisted the impulse, and pounded her fist on his
 cock instead, desperately wanting to make him come quickly. Jimmy now had
 his finger fucked into her cunt, and Terri had pushed her hips forward,
 opening her legs a bit to make it easier for him.

    "Excuse me." A woman bumped into Terri's ass as she scooted between
 the racks.

    "That's okay," Terri replied in a breathless voice, jerking hard on
 Jimmy's cock.

    The woman gave them an odd look, then moved on.

    "Do you think she knows, Mom?"

    "Who cares?" Terri moaned. "I'm about to come, baby."

    "Yeah!" he grunted.

    Jimmy fucked his finger in and out of his mother's cunt real fast,
 then lifted it to her inflamed clit. He mashed the palm of his hand
 against her clit, rubbing it hard. Then, using his thumb and forefinger,
 he squeezed it, just as she'd taught him. Terri made a hissing sound, her
 ass bunching tightly. She gripped her son's cock as hard as she could,
 pumping the long, hard shaft in a frenzy of lust.

    "Ohhhh, God!" whimpered Terri, as softly as she could.

    She stopped playing with dresses and smashed her free hand against the
 back of her son's hand, grinding his palm hard against her clit as she
 came. She could actually feel the lips of her cunt opening and closing in
 orgasm. The contractions deep inside her convulsing cunt seemed
 incredibly intense. As the spasms faded, Terri began to pound on his
 prick again.

    "Your turn," she breathed. "Come on, squirt it out, baby! Cum for
 Mommy!"

    Jimmy was now gripping the rod of metal holding the dresses, trying
 hard to appear calm. His cock was ready to burst, his balls on fire. He
 darted his eyes about the room, and then saw the pretty girl he had been
 watching. The girl was in a dressing room, with a flimsy cloth curtain.
 The curtain parted for only a moment, but it was long enough to catch a
 perfect view of the girl's creamy, naked ass as she bent over.

    "Uuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhh Jesus, Mom... now!"

    Jimmy's cock gushed and Terri purred softly, cupping her fingers over
 the head of his cock, her cunt twitching with renewed lust as she felt
 her son's hot jism spurt powerfully into the palm of her hand. She used
 her fingers to slide up and down the shaft of his cock as he came,
 letting his warm, sticky cum drench her hand, and the dresses.

    "I saw her ass, Mom," whispered Jimmy as he finished coming. "I saw
 that girl's naked ass."

    "Nice, huh?" Terri said, letting go of his cock. "Now, put that thing
 away before we're caught."

    As Jimmy stuffed his prick into his pants, Terri raised her cum-coated
 hand to her mouth and, staring her son right in the eyes, licked his
 sperm off with her tongue. Jimmy grinned and smoothed her dress down, his
 hands lingering intimately on his mother's firm, round asscheeks.

    They walked around the store, with Terri looking over costume jewelry
 and cosmetics. Jimmy followed, but he was watching every pretty woman he
 found. He enjoyed seeing them lean over, watching them jut their pretty
 little asses back, especially if they were in shorts. Terri knew he was
 watching the women, but she didn't feel jealous. The women would arouse
 him, but she would be the one to get his hard-on.... get fucked by him.

    For her part, Terri loved it when her son would push against her and
 rub his cock on her hip or ass. The intimate contact in such a public
 place kept her in a high state of desire, ensuring her cunt stayed hot
 and throbbing and wet. Now and then, she would brush the back of her hand
 over his cock-bulge, grinning at him. It wasn't long before young Jimmy
 had a new and even bigger hard-on.

    "We can't walk out now," she said, gazing at his prominent cock-bulge.
 "They might arrest us for shoplifting, thinking that prick of yours is
 merchandise or something."

    "Then we gotta do something about it, Mom, because it sure as hell
 isn't going to go away by itself."

    Terri thought for a moment, then took his hand.

    "I'll try on a dress or two."

    "What good is that gonna do me, Mom?"

    "You'll see," she replied, pulling him along to the dress department
 again.

    Selecting three dresses, Terri carried them to the dressing room, with
 Jimmy following. She was stopped by a young female sales clerk.

    "Sorry ma'am, but your son can't go in there."

    "He has to remain with me," Terri said. "You see, he suffers from a
 peculiar disorder. He can't be left on his own, even for a few minutes."

    "Oh?"

    "He has convulsions, and there's only one way to control them," Terri
 said sweetly. "No one can do it but me. That's why I have to keep him
 with me all the time."

    The giri looked at Jimmy, and he felt he should start drooling and
 looking like a brainless idiot.

    "Well... " the clerk said, doubtfully.

    "It's all right, his mind is on the same level as a six-month-old
 baby."

    "Oh, I see," the girl said, backing away. Her eyes caught his outlined
 hard-on, and she blushed.

    "That, too," Terri smiled. "It's always that way."

    "I... see," the girl said, gazing at Jimmy's hard-on with a strange
 gleam in her eye. "Well, I suppose it's okay."

    Terri led her son into the tiny, cramped dressing booth. He made faces
 at her, his tongue dangling from the side of his mouth. Terri stifled a
 giggle as she lifted her dress and spread her feet. She rested one foot
 on the small bench, and pushed her hairy cunt toward him.

    "Hurry and fuck me!" she whispered, "Before you have a convulsion."

    "Duhhhhh... " Jimmy played, opening his jeans and pulling his
 throbbing cock out.

    "Hurry, silly!"

    Terri leaned against the wall, braced with her foot on the bench,
 holding her skirt around her waist. Jimmy moved to her, and to their
 delight, found he could plunge his cock up her cunt as she stood there
 quite easily. Terri gripped her son's shoulders, her eyes smoldering with
 lust as she felt his long, hard cock slide into her wet cunt. Jimmy
 closed his hands on his mother's ass and fucked into her cunt hard and
 fast. Terri felt the air being pushed from her lungs, making it was very
 hard to keep quiet. But she managed to stay silent as her son slammed his
 cock up into her belly, fucking her deeply and deliciously.

    Jimmy clung to his mother's twisting behind, his fingers digging into
 the hot crack of her ass. He found her asshole, and began to rub it as he
 fucked his cock in and out of her cunt. Terri dug her fingers into her
 son's muscular young shoulders, her eyes tightly closed with the pleasure
 he was giving her. The hard throbs of his cock sent her cunt into
 squeezing motions, and each time he fucked in, her clit was smashed
 against the rough fabric of his jeans. Even the roughness of his pants
 scraping her inner thigh excited her.

    Jimmy released her ass, and opened the front of his mother's dress,
 lifting a tit out. Terri glanced nervously at the thin curtain that
 separated them from the store proper, but said nothing as her son began
 to suck hungrily at her tit, his hands back on her ass, jerking her hips
 towards his cock as he rammed it deep into her pussy.

    Terri fought to keep from crying out with ecstasy, biting at her
 bottom lip as her hips twisted and whipped in matching rhythm to her
 son's energetic fucking. But there was nothing she could do about the
 soft, wet slurping sounds his cock made as it fucked in and out of her
 cunt, except to hope they weren't heard outside the small cubicle.

    Jimmy sucked wetly at his mother's mouth-sized tit, drawing her stiff
 nipple deep, almost into his throat. His hot breath on her
 ultra-sensitive breast seared her flesh, and Terri moved one hand behind
 her son's head, pulling his mouth tighter onto her tit. The friction of
 his pulsating cock-shaft sliding back and forth over her sensitive clit
 was creating a fantastic feeling in her cunt. The throbbing little bud
 bulged and strained, smashed time and again by his pounding prick.

    The faster he fucked her, the more excited she became. Holding his
 face hard against her tit, her other hand raced down and she grabbed him
 by his hunching ass, pulling him into her crotch hard. Jimmy began to rub
 at his mother's asshole while he fucked her, and Terri tried desperately
 to swallow the squeals of ecstasy bubbling at her lips.

    "Inside!" she hissed.

    Jimmy didn't understand, so he glanced up at his mother's
 lust-contorted face, still sucking at her nipple.

    "Inside my ass! " she whimpered as softly as she could. "Shove your
 finger up Mommy's ass, baby!"

    The boy's eyes flashed, and he pressed his finger hard against the
 crinkled ring of his mother's tight asshole. He pushed his finger and his
 cock inward at the same time, and Terri almost swooned with the
 sensation. Feeling her son's finger fucking in and out of her asshole
 while his cock fucked her burning cunt, she gave in to the rapture
 crashing through her heated loins, unable to do anything else.

    "Uuuuunnngghhhhh, Jimmy!" she gasped as softly as she could.

    Terri's pretty mouth formed an oval as she came. Her eyes flew open
 wide. Her cunt began grabbing at her son's cock. pulling on it the way
 her mouth did when she sucked him off. The convulsions were very strong,
 and so were the waves of pleasure crashing through her body. In fact, so
 intense was her orgasm, Terri had to slap her hand over her mouth to hold
 back the screams of ecstasy which threatened to spill from her
 hotly-panting lips.

    Feeling his mother's cunt grip his cock, Jimmy fucked her frantically,
 ramming his young prick into her hot, clinging hole as hard as he could.
 Her pussy kept clamping and relaxing on the shaft of his prick, and his
 balls were very tight and swollen. He made low moaning sounds deep inside
 his throat, the noise muffled by his mother's tit which he kept sucking
 vigorously.

    Terri dug her fingers into her son's ass, trying to feel his asshole
 through his pants. As she came, her pussy clamped tightly around his
 cock, Jimmy kept up a relentless fucking of her hot, buttery asshole with
 his finger. Terri felt as if she were coming not only with her cunt, but
 with her asshole, too. It was a fantastic feeling, a feeling that made
 her mind spin in a deliciously wanton cloud of depraved lust.

    Weakly, Terri slumped against the wall of the booth, braced there
 while her son kept fucking into her hot, clasping cunt like an animal.
 Still hard, Jimmy hadn't come yet, and was working in a frenzy unload his
 young balls into his mother's pussy.

    "Hurry!" she hissed. "Hurry and come before we're caught!"

    "I'm trying to, Mom!"

    Terri thrust her crotch at him, taking his cock deeper, but it seemed
 as if Jimmy was never going to come. His finger had pulled from her
 asshole and he was digging his fingers hard into her quivering asscheeks
 now.

    "Wait!" she moaned. "Let me turn around."

    "Aw! Jesus, Mom!"

    "Hurry, damn it!"

    Jimmy pulled his slippery wet cock from her cunt, and Terri twisted
 around quickly in the small cubicle. She jerked her dress to her waist,
 pushing her ass back at her son. She leaned sideways against the wall.

    "Now fuck me!"

    Jimmy gripped his mother's hips, pushing his raging hard-on between
 her thighs and into her cunt once more. He stared at his mother's
 jiggling ass, watching it shake and twist for him.

    "Cum, Jimmy!"

    "I'm trying, Mom!" he moaned.

    "Fuck my ass!" she whispered breathlessly.

    "I am!"

    "That's my cunt! she gasped. "I want you to fuck my ass... fuck me in
 my ass, baby!"

    "In your asshole, Mom?"

    "Yes, now... ohhhhhh, God... hurry up!"

    Jimmy pulled his cock from his mother's sloppy cunt, and slid the
 swollen cockhead up until Terri felt it on her asshole. She held her
 breath as she pushed her ass to him, feeling her asshole stretching,
 giving way to his eager young cock. She let out a small soft yelp as his
 prick slithered past the tight, rubbery ring of her anus and fucked deep
 inside her asshole.

    "Now fuck me, baby... and hurry!"

    Jimmy rammed his cock in and out of his mother's asshole, standing
 behind her jutting hips, watching her creamy, naked ass-flesh ripple from
 the pounding of his hips.

    Terri's eyes rolled back into her head at the incredibly pleasure of
 her son's cock inside her asshole. She squirmed for him, her ass-ring
 holding the shaft of his cock tightly. His hot young prick fucked in and
 out easily, making her asshole tingle sweetly. At times, when he thrust
 particularly hard, it seemed she could feel his cock all the way up
 inside her stomach.

    It was wild, wicked, taking her son's cock in her asshole inside this
 tiny dressing cubicle, with unsuspecting shoppers passing by, only feet
 away. Terri's cunt began to twitch and seep again, her clit knotted as
 her son rammed his eager young prick into her asshole, fucking her
 shitter as hard as he could manage without shaking the cubicle.

    "Oh, God! I think I'm going to come again," she moaned as softly as
 she could.

    "Ohhhh, yessss! I'm gonna come too this time, Mom!" he gasped.

    "Yeah baby, come in Mommy's hot asshole!" she gurgled.

    As Jimmy sped up his cock-thrusts, Terri was sure his cock had swollen
 to twice its usual hardness. It felt as if her asshole were filled
 completely, and she loved it. Her cunt twitched and dripped, her hands
 clawing at the wall, her eyes closed as her mouth parted.

    "Now, Mom!"

    "Ooooooooh, baby! Yesssssssssss!"

    Terri felt her cunt contract with orgasm at the same time the first
 gush of his hot cum flooded her rectum. Her body shuddered, her legs weak
 as she took each squirt of her son's cum-load into her burning asshole,
 her cunt going through a wild series of orgasms that she didn't believe.
 Her contracting asshole squeezed Jimmy's cock with each spasm of her
 cunt, literally sucking the very cum out of the boy's hot, swollen balls.

    Leaning weakly against the wall, Terri felt her son pull his cock from
 her ass, listening to the soft rustle as he stuffed the sticky, wilting
 shaft back into his jeans. She trembled as Jimmy smoothed her dress down
 over her ass, giving her swollen cunt a quick squeeze.

    "Nice fuck, Mom!", he grinned.

    Terri had to sit down for a while before she had the strength to leave
 the cubicle.

    "Are you all right?" the salesgirl asked as they came out. "I thought
 I heard someone moaning in there."

    "Yes. We're fine, now" Terri smiled. "I thought my son was going to
 have one of his spells, but I managed to take care of it. Thank you for
 asking, though."

    "My pleasure," the girl said as Terri handed her the garments she'd
 taken in the booth with her.

    Jimmy, stared at the salesgirl's breasts and lolled his tongue out the
 side of his mouth, making obscene, wet slurping sounds. Terri apologised
 and grabbed him by the arm, pulling her son out of the store before his
 corny, over-acting gave them away.


                             Chapter 9.

    When Terri and Jimmy got home, Mandy was waiting for them.

    "And just where have you been, young lady?", frowned Terri.

    "I went down to see Daddy," said Mandy. "Didn't Jimmy tell you?"

    "Yes, he did, and we went down there looking for you."

    Mandy giggled as she remembered what had happened in her father's
 office.

    "What's so funny?" asked Jimmy.

    Mandy was bubbling over with excitement. She couldn't keep her secret
 any longer. She just had to tell them.

    Terri and Jimmy stared incredulously at the pretty little 12-year-old
 as she explained where she had been while they were in Ray's office...
 under his desk, sucking his cock.

    "You mean your father let you suck him off?" Terri asked. "While we
 were right there in the room?!!"

    "Oh, yes, Mommy!" Mandy hugged herself, remembering the taste of her
 father's cock in her mouth. "I told him what you said... you know...
 about looking at me all the time and thinking I had a cute little ass. He
 was surprised at first, but I showed him my pussy and his thing... er...
 his cock got real hard. Daddy sure has a big cock, doesn't he, Mommy?"

    Terri smiled. "Very big. Did your father fuck you, darling?"

    "Ooooh, yes, Mommy! He laid me on his desk and took my panties off and
 fucked me right there. I didn't know if he could get it in me, it's so
 big. But, ohhhh, it felt so good!"

    Jimmy was listening, a bit jealous. He was wearing a pair of jockey
 shorts, his hair still damp from his shower. It was mid-afternoon. and he
 was horny. But his mother and sister had been talking about his father
 for what seemed hours, seemingly paying no attention to him.

    Terri was sitting on the couch, with Mandy at her feet. Mandy was
 looking up with glowing eyes as she described her feelings when her
 father fucked her. She had on a pair of tight, pink shorts and a white
 summer blouse, through which her stiff little nipples pressed like two
 pencil points. Her small hand rested on her mother's knee, her fingers
 just under the hem of Terri's short skirt.

    "Just remembering how good Daddy's cock felt in me makes my cunt ache
 for more, Mommy," Mandy said. "I'm gonna go visit Daddy again in a couple
 of days."

    "Why not tomorrow?" Terri asked, brushing her fingers through the
 girl's soft blonde curls.

    "He has meetings all day, damn it," Mandy pouted. "I could sneak in
 and hide under the long table, and I bet I could suck Daddy off and no
 one would know about it."

    "Shit!" Jimmy snorted. "Mandy, you'd look around under the table and
 see all those cocks and have to suck them all."

    His sister giggled. "Probably," she admitted. "That would be fun, but
 my mouth would get tired, I bet."

    "You can suck my cock," Jimmy said hopefully, and pushed the waist of
 his Jockey shorts down to let his cock rear up with hardness. "I don't
 wanna hear all this shit... I wanna fuck."

    "Or get sucked," his mother teased.

    "Either way." Jimmy replied, stroking his cock. "Mom, tell her about
 the dressing room."

    "I already did," Terri said, "when you were taking your shower."

    "I'd like to do that, too," Mandy said. "Getting fucked with all those
 people around, and they wouldn't know it was happening."

    "I think the salesgirl was suspicious," Terri said. "She gave us a
 strange look when we left."

    "She probably wanted some of my cock, too," Jimmy said, jerking on his
 prick with his fist. "I know I sure would like to have some pussy about
 now."

    "Oh, Jimmy! You're just like your father. Once a day is never enough
 for him either," said Terri staring hungrily at her son's erection.

    "You really had Jimmy's cock in your ass, Mommy?", asked Mandy.

    Terri nodded.

    Mandy eyed her brother's cock doubtfully. "I bet it wouldn't go in my
 ass. I'm too small and he's too big."

    "Not as big as Dad," Jimmy said, his gaze moving along his sister's
 satiny thigh to her tightly clad hip. "Let me see your ass, Mandy."

    With a sexy grin, Mandy stood and stripped her shorts off, wiggling
 her tight little ass to peel them down.

    "You're out-growing those shorts, honey," Terri said.

    "I like them," Jimmy said. "They show your ass and cunt real good,
 Mandy."

    Mandy giggled as she kicked the shorts away.

    "That's why I wear them," she said. "I like to show off my ass and
 cunt. I bet Daddy likes them, too."

    "I'm sure he'd like you better out of them, baby," smiled Terri,
 eyeing her daughter's hairless little pussy.

    Mandy leaned over, her hands on her mother's knees and spread her feet
 on the floor, poking her naked young ass suggestively at her brother.
 Jimmy dropped to his knees behind her and stared at Mandy's exposed
 little ass and cunt. Even with her legs wide apart, her hairless young
 cuntlips were still firmly clamped shut, just a thin, glistening pink
 groove. After cumming in his mother's ass in the store this morning,
 Jimmy was captivated by the sight of his little sister's tiny puckered
 asshole... it looked so incredibly tight and inviting. Mandy looked over
 her shoulder at her brother and smiled.

    "I think Jimmy likes my ass, Mommy," she grinned, spreading her
 slender young legs even wider.

    Terri's eyes began to gleam as she watched Mandy poke her naked ass at
 her brother, wiggling her little hips in open invitation. Jimmy fondled
 his sister's ass, both his hands caressing and stroking. He ran one hand
 between her thighs and cupped her fiery little pussy, rubbing it gently,
 feeling her young cunt flower open and drip hot moisture into his palm.

    Mandy made little moaning sounds and pressed her crotch back against
 Jimmy's exploring touch, sliding her own hands up under her mother's
 skirt. Terri opened her thighs and slid her ass to the edge of the couch
 as Mandy's tiny fingers cupped her horny cunt. It was so deliciously
 dirty having her daughter rub her drooling pussy while her son fondled
 the little girl.

    "Ooooooh, that's nice," Mandy cooed as Jimmy began to rub her cunt
 with one hand and her tight little asshole with the other. "Do you think
 You can fuck me in my ass, Jimmy? Does my asshole look too little?"

    "It's kinda tight looking, Sis," he said, pushing the tip of his
 finger into his sister's rubbery little anus. "But I think I can get it
 in."

    Excited by their lewd dialogue, Terri pulled her skirt about her waist
 and spread her thighs wide. Her poor aching pussy was in desperate need
 of some action.  With one hand on the back of Mandy's blonde head, Terri
 hunched her hips up off the couch and forced the youngster's pretty
 little face closer to her cunt.

    Mandy didn't hesitate. She kissed at her mother's hairy cunt while her
 brother fucked his finger in and out of her tight asshole gently and
 slowly, at the same time finger-fucking her hairless little pussy with
 another finger. Terri bucked her ass up jerkily when her daughter's pink
 tongue took a long swipe at the juicy slit of her cunt.

    "Uuuuhhhh yeahhhh, lick it, baby!" Terri moaned, rocking her hips from
 side to side. "Lick Mommy's hot cunt!"

    Jimmy looked past his sister's ass and watched her pink tongue lap up
 and down their mother's fur-lined pussy-slit, then delve into the dark
 fuck-hole. Mandy shook her naked ass, moaning throatily into her mother's
 cunt as she sucked and licked on it, her tongue twirling about Terri's
 clit then stabbing in and out of the fiery wetness.

    "Try it in her asshole, Jimmy," Terri moaned. "I bet you can get it in
 easy. Oooohhhh, come on baby, fuck your little sister in her ass!"

    Jimmy pulled his fingers from Mandy's tight little cunt and asshole.
 To fuck her he'd have to stand up, but before he did, he pushed his face
 into hot little ass. Mandy squealed into her mother's cunt when she felt
 her brother's lips kissing at her asshole, his tongue darting down
 between her swollen cuntlips a couple of times. Mandy pushed her ass hard
 into his face, and Jimmy dragged his tongue upward, licking her all the
 way back up to her little pink asshole. When he fucked his tongue into
 her ass, Mandy lifted her mouth from her mother's cunt with a loud cry of
 delight.

    "Oooooh, if your cock feels as good as your tongue in my asshole, it's
 gonna drive me wild. Jimmy!"

    Terri watched with glassy eyes as her daughter pushed her wiggling ass
 into the boy's face.

    "Suck her little ass, Jimmy!" she hissed. "Tongue your sister up her
 hot asshole! Lick her hot asshole, baby!"

    "Oooooh, Mommy! He is!" Mandy gurgled. "Jimmy's tongue is way up in my
 ass... in my asshole! Ooooh, Jimmy, fuck my ass with your tongue!"

    Jimmy, gripped his sister's twisting young hips and pushed his open
 lips hard around the crinkle, forcing his his tongue as deep as it would
 go. Mandy gasped loudly, churning her tight little ass into his face, at
 the same time burying her mouth back into her mother's hairy cunt,
 sucking and licking wildly. Terri arched her hips up, grinding her gaping
 pussy up at Mandy's mouth in a frenzy of lust. She had both hands on back
 of her daughter's head now, pulling Mandy's face down tightly into her
 steamy cunt as she watched the little girl's tiny ass jerk and twist on
 her son's face.

    If Jimmy had kept tongue-fucking his sister in the ass, then Mandy
 would have kept sucking her mother's cunt and Terri would have come. But,
 like all young boys, Jimmy was impatient to get his own rocks off. His
 cock was throbbing painfully between his legs and his young balls were
 swollen with a load of sperm that had his little sister's name on it.

    After kissing and licking the satiny cheeks of Mandy's ass, stood up,
 his cock standing out with stiffness. Pre-cum coated the large, bulbous
 head which he rubbed about his sister's asshole smearing the oily juices
 over her tight young anus. Feeling her brother's cockhead pressing
 eagerly against her sensitive little nether-hole was too much for Mandy
 and she pulled her slippery wet mouth from her mother's cunt and
 squealed.

    "Put it in me now, Jimmy! Come on, put your cock in my ass! I wanna
 get fucked in my asshole!"

    Terri slipped from the couch to help them. Somehow she felt it was her
 motherly duty to ensure her kids learned how to fuck each other
 properly... to ensure they got the most from each and every new sexual
 experience.

    "Get down on your hands and knees, baby," she told her daughter. "It
 will be better that way. Jimmy can kneel behind you, and you'll be the
 right height for him to fuck you in the ass properly."

    Mandy dropped onto all fours, her head hanging as she waited
 breathlessly for her brother to stick his cock into her little asshole.
 On her knees beside them, Terri placed one hand on her daughter's ass,
 spreading the asscheeks wide. Then leant down, running her tongue over
 the head of her son's dripping cock, jerking on the thick base firmly
 with her other hand. Turning her head, she lapped hotly at her daughter's
 exposed asshole a few times before licking away the slimy pre-cum he had
 smeared on the girl's satiny asscheeks.

    "Fuck her now, Jimmy," Terri whispered hotly. "Fuck your horny little
 sister in the ass, baby!"

    Cupping the tiny cheeks of her daughter's ass, Terri spread them wide,
 holding her breath with anticipation. The pink crinkle of Mandy's asshole
 seemed to suck inward as Jimmy touched it with the head of his swollen
 cock. A soft whimper escaped from Mandy's lips.

    "Oh, wonderful!" Terri said breathlessly as she watched her son rub
 the head of his cock up and down her daughter's ass crack, from her
 sugary cunt, up and over the pucker of her asshole to the base of Mandy's
 spine. As his cock lifted upward, Terri dipped her face and lapped the
 smooth cockhead with the tip of her tongue.

    "Mmmmm, come on"

    "Are you ready, Mandy?" Jimmy asked, his voice hoarse.

    "Yes! Ohhh please, do it now!"

    Mandy's arms buckled and she rested her head and shoulders on the
 carpet, her sweet ass lifted high now, jutting back at her brother's
 cock. Terri spread her daughter's tiny young asscheeks as wide as she
 could, her eyes blazing with lust as she watched her son press the tip of
 his prick into his little sister's asshole.

    Jimmy began to force the rounded head of his cock inward. Mandy held
 her breath, feeling the pressure of his cock pushing at the ultra-tight
 little opening. Suddenly, the head of her brother's cock was inside her
 asshole. Mandy gasped, her fingers clutching at the carpet.

    "Ummmmmm, mmmmmmm... Mommy! It feels kinda funny... but nice!", moaned
 the sexy little 12-year-old.

    Jimmy's cock pressed forward, slowly disappearing inside the tight,
 bulging ring of Mandy's hot little asshole.

    "Ooooooh, yesss! Push it in deeper! Fuck her, baby!" Terri hissed, her
 eyes wide and shiny.

    Jimmy held his breath... the tightness of his sister's asshole was
 overwhelming. Terri couldn't resist, and lowered her face, pushing her
 tongue out as far as she could, licking at the junction of her daughter's
 tightly-stretched asshole and her son's cock. Her hands pulled at the
 little girl's asscheeks, but she already had them as wide as possible.

    "Push back on his cock, baby!" Terri moaned.

    "Ooooo, it's so big!" Mandy cried softly, sliding her ass back
 gingerly. "Mommy, it's gonna come out of my mouth!"

    Terri and Jimmy didn't say anything. Both were watching hotly as Mandy
 slowly moved her ass backwards, fucking her asshole onto Jimmy's
 throbbing cock. The little pink pucker stretched, nipping at the base of
 his prick as the cheeks of her ass came to rest against his lower belly.

    Jimmy's cock was deep, very deep, inside his sister's asshole. Her
 pussy was gaping open now, the lips of her hairless little cunt forced
 apart by the sheer bulk of her brother's big cock in her tight virgin
 asshole. Mandy's ass trembled, and then she began to squirm.

    "Oooooh, it hurts a bit... but it feels so good!" Mandy sobbed. "Slide
 your cock in and out, Jimmy!"

    But it was Mandy who moved first. Impatiently, she pulled her ass
 forward on his cock, her tiny, stretched ass ring sliding over the thick
 shaft almost painfully. Jimmy groaned with the incredible mixture of
 pleasure and pain. Mandy ignored his cries and moved her skinny little
 hips forward until only Jimmy's swollen prickhead was left inside. At
 that point, she wiggled her ass in a quick, spastic circling motion,
 before moving back onto his cock again, tentatively at first, then more
 forcefully as the pain lessened and the pleasure grew.

    Jimmy made low moaning sounds of ecstasy as he watched his little
 sister's hot, buttery asshole cling to his cock. Keeping one hand on her
 daughter's ass, Terri shoved the other beneath Mandy, pushing it inside
 the little girl's blouse to fondle one of her tiny tits. Wearing just her
 blouse made Mandy seem more erotic, more desirable. Jimmy moved his right
 hand to his mother, lifting her skirt so he could finger her juicy wet
 cunt, and still watch his sister's asshole stretch about his cock.

    Terri removed her open blouse so her swollen tits would be free, and
 Jimmy began fondling them in his other hand. He probed his mother's cunt,
 using three fingers. When he lifted one of her tits and lowered his face
 to suck her stiff nipple, Terri cried out in delight. In turn, she
 squeezed her daughter's tit hard, making Mandy whimper in pleasure.

    Taking up the rhythm his little sister had started, Jimmy was now
 fucking his cock deeply into her clinging asshole, pulling out when she
 moved forward and stabbing it in when she pushed back. Terri gazed hotly
 at the pink crinkle, watching it sink in and then suck outward on her
 son's cockshaft as the two kids fucked.

    "Oooooh, Jimmy, that feels fantastic!" Mandy cried out, grinding her
 little ass back at him. "I love it! Oh, Mommy, it feels so good! Can you
 see Jimmy's cock fucking my ass, Mommy?"

    "Ummmmm yes, baby.. yes!" Terri moaned, hunching her cunt onto her
 son's stiff fingers in total ecstasy.

    She moved her hand off Mandy's gyrating ass and slipped it down and
 under to rub at the juicy hairless, little slit. Mandy was so wet, her
 pubescent cunt-juices already had her inner thighs coated with a
 glistening film.

    "Oh, Mandy, your little cunt is so fucking wet, so fucking hot, baby!"

    Terri finger-fucked her daughter gently, feeling the succulent
 cuntlips grip at her finger as her son fucked his cock in and out of her
 asshole. She rubbed at the girl's small, knotted clit, bringing squeals
 of ecstasy from Mandy. Soon Terri began to alternate between them,
 playing with her son's hot balls, then her daughter's cunt, and back to
 Jimmy's balls, her own cunt bubbling around the boy's stabbing fingers.

    "Ohhhhhh, God you're tight, Mandy!" Jimmy gasped, fucking his cock
 deep. "Your little asshole is as hot and tight as your fucking cunt!"

    "Fuck me, Jimmy!" Mandy groaned. "Ohhh, I love it in my ass! Fuck me
 up the asshole, Jimmy! Ummmmmmm, watch him fuck me up my ass, Mommy... in
 my asshole! Watch his cock fuck my asshole, Mommy!"

    "I am, darling!" Terri moaned. "Ohhh, I can see your brother's cock
 fucking your hot little ass! I can see his big cock go so deep inside
 your tiny asshole! Fuck her, Jimmy! She loves it... Your sister loves
 your hard cock inside her hot little ass!"

    "It makes my cunt... tight!" Mandy sobbed. "I can feel his cock in my
 ass and it makes my cunt go so tight!"

    Terri rubbed at her daughter's hairless cunt, feeling the swollen
 pussy lips vibrate. She stabbed a finger into Mandy's cunt, thrusting it
 in and out as Jimmy's hot balls banged at her knuckles. She churned her
 own ass, fucking her son's fingers with her cunt.

    Jimmy sucked his mother's tits, then watched his sister's little ass
 squirm and twist, darting back and forth on his cock. Her tiny, spread
 ass cheeks smacked against him, and her soft cries of ecstasy were
 getting louder. With the heat growing in his balls, and his sister's
 asshole gripping his cock, Jimmy let go of his mother's tits and clutched
 Mandy's hips, fucking the little girl harder, ramming his cock in and out
 of her asshole with deep, hard thrusts that made her tiny body quiver and
 shake.

    "Ooooooh, yes, Jimmy!" Mandy cried. "Do it fast! Fuck me real fast!
 Ahhh, I can feel so much! I can feel your cock throb... feel it jerk,
 inside my asshole! Oh, ram my ass, Jimmy! Fuck meeeeeeee!"

    Terri stared hotly at the way her daughter thrashed her naked ass,
 fucking onto her son's cock with wanton ecstasy. She understood exactly
 what Mandy was feeling, and her own asshole crinkled, as if she could
 feel his cock sliding in and out of it. She buried a finger deeply into
 her daughter's boiling pussy, not thrusting, just leaving it there. She
 could feel the tight wetness close about her each time Mandy moved her
 ass back and forth, the hairless little cuntlips nipping at her finger
 with each in and out stroke of Jimmy's cock.

    "Baby, you're about to come!" Terri breathed. "I can feel your little
 cunt... and you're going to come!"

    "Ooooh, I sure am, Mommy!" Mandy moaned, thrusting her ass backward
 eagerly, the friction of her brother's cock fucking in and out of her
 asshole sending tremors through her small body. "I'm gonna come with my
 asshole, not my cunt!"

    "It seems that way, " Terri said, lowering her face closer to get a
 better look. "Ohhh, Jimmy, you've got to show Mandy what it feels like to
 have your hot juice squirted up her little ass! Cum in her asshole,
 Jimmy! Let Mandy feel your jizz spurt into her ass!"

    Jimmy was humping back and forth, fucking hard into Mandy's greedy
 little asshole. He was grunting, not with the effort, but with the
 incredibly pleasurable sensation of his prick sliding deeply up his
 little sister's tight young asshole. His cock felt blistered from the
 heat, and his balls drew up hard, still smacking at his mother's
 knuckles.

    "Ohhh, Mommy! " Mandy suddenly cried out. "Ohhhhh, yes!"

    "She's coming, Jimmy!" Terri yelped, feeling Mandy's young cunt
 contract about her finger. "Mandy's coming now, Jimmy! Fuck her harder!
 Really give it to her, baby!"

    "I can feel it!" he gasped, his cock being squeezed by the spasms of
 Mandy's asshole. "I feel it... uuuuhhhh, it's gonna make me come, too!"

    Jimmy fucked in and out frantically, the ring of his sister's asshole
 clutching at his lurching prick in spasms, as if a hot, oily fist was
 alternately squeezing and releasing his cock.

    "Ohhhh, Mandy!" he gasped, lunging deeply, his cock all the way up her
 asshole. "Now, Mandy! I'm gonna come in your ass... uhhhh, God, fuck...
 cumming up your hot fuckin' little ass!"

    Jimmy raised his head, his mouth open, eyes closed tightly. Terri
 jerked her finger out of Mandy's cunt, gripping her son's balls and gave
 them a squeeze. With a yelp, Jimmy came. His back arched and his fingers
 dug deeply into his sister's slim buttocks as he pounded her little
 asshole with his squirting cock.

    "Oooooohhhhh!" Mandy screamed, feeling the boy's cum-load gush into
 her ass, jet after jet, of hot cream filling her tiny quivering asshole.
 She shivered as she pressed her ass hard onto his cock, taking the rapid
 squirts of her brother's cum in a fit of blinding, squealing ecstasy.

    "I feel it! I feel your cock coming in my asshole, Jimmy! Ooooh, God!
 Cum in me, Jimmy! Fill up my ass with your cum!"

    Terri massaged her son's contracting balls as he came, her lips parted
 as she made soft, hissing sounds, wishing she could see his wonderful
 young cock flooding its load deep up inside inside her little belly.



                             Chapter 10.

    Terri watched with lust-gleaming eyes as her son's cock pistoned in
 and out of her daughter's tight, clinging anus, filling the squealing
 little 12-year-old's asshole with its hot, creamy incestuous load.
 Jimmy's whole body jerked in orgasm as he emptied his balls into his
 naked little sister.

    "Fuck! Fuck! Ohhhh, fuck! Sis! I'm cumming in your ass! Ummmmmm, fuck!
 I'm cumming right up your hot little asshole!!!!"

    Mandy could only moan and brace her slender young body with her arms
 as her brother fucked her tight little ass brutally. His prick had
 stopped squirting sperm by now, but was still quite hard and Jimmy was
 milking his orgasm to the very last drop. The grip of his little sister's
 asshole around his prick was so tight and hot and slippery, his intense
 climax seemed to last for ages.

    It was only when his spent cock finally wilted and became too soft to
 effectively penetrate Mandy's tight little anal ring that Jimmy stopped
 jerking his hips and let his prick slip wetly from the girl's well-fucked
 little ass.

    Mandy sprawled on her stomach, her cute little ass twitching. Her arms
 flung high above her blonde head, her legs open. The pucker of her
 asshole was visible, twitching as juices dripped out of her hairless
 cunt, onto the carpet. Now and then a tremor rippled through her body and
 a soft sigh of gratification came from her sensually parted lips.

    Jimmy sat on the floor, leaning against the cushions of the couch, his
 muscular young chest heaving with the exertion of fucking his little
 sister. His cock, soft and small, dangled between his bent knees, his
 balls empty. Terri lay on her side, her head propped on one elbow, eyes
 glittering with pleasure. Her tits were still swollen, her light-brown
 nipples peaked stiffly. Her skirt was pulled to her waist, and her thighs
 were spread wide. With her left hand, she stroked her cunt gently,
 rubbing at her clit, dipping a finger inside now and then. Jimmy's gaze
 flitted from his sister's cute little ass to his mother's hairy, gaping
 cunt, breathing hard.

    Terri found the image of his cock up Mandy's ass still in her mind. It
 had been wonderful, watching her daughter taking her son's cock inside
 her little asshole. She was pleased with them, no longer surprised at how
 eager they were to try anything that came to mind. She was delighted that
 they were so horny, and so willing to experiment with anything sexual.

    Thinking of Mandy sucking on Ray's cock beneath his desk when she and
 Jimmy were in the office, Terri almost giggled. Her husband had tried to
 hard to pretend nothing was going on, and he had succeeded in fooling her
 and Jimmy. But now that Terri thought about it, she should have known
 something was going on at the time. His flushed face, his eagerness to
 get rid of them.... it all made sense now that she thought about it.

    Ray was going to learn he didn't get away with anything, she told
 herself. It was time to let him know he wasn't the only one enjoying sex
 with Mandy. It was time to let him know it would be better to enjoy their
 daughter's hungry little cunt and mouth right here at home, so she could
 watch, and even more exciting, she thought, to have him watch as she
 fucked and sucked with Jimmy. The thought of her handsome young son
 slamming his wonderful hard cock into her cunt while her husband did the
 same to their 12-year-old daughter was enough to make Terri cum on the
 spot.

    She pushed a finger into her cunt, pressing the heel of her hand hard
 upon her clit. A soft moan escaped her full red lips, and her gleaming
 eyes slitted with renewed desire. Spreading her thighs wider, Terri began
 to fuck her finger in and out of her cunt, making lewd wet sucking
 sounds.

    "Mom, you don't have to finger-fuck," Jimmy said.

    "Mmmmm, but it's fun, baby," she purred, stabbing a bit faster, her
 hips lurching back and forth. "It's a lot of fun to fuck myself,
 sometimes. Don't you want to watch Mommy, do it to herself, baby?"

    "Yeah," he grinned.

    Mandy rolled over, sitting up and crossing her legs, her glistening,
 hairless cunt exposed. She watched her mother a while, too.

    "You want me to suck your pussy. Mommy?" Mandy asked. "I will if you
 want."

    "So will your brother," Terri replied. agitating her pulsating clit
 swiftly. "I know you both will suck my cunt... or Jimmy will fuck me.
 Ummmmmmmmmm... But I like to do this to myself sometimes."

    Mandy scooted close to her brother, taking his cock and balls into her
 hot little palm, playing with him as they watched their mother masturbate
 in front of them. Jimmy draped his arm over his sister's shoulder,
 fondling her tight little tits as his eyes burned on his mother's juicy,
 wet cunt.

    His cock began to swell in his sister's hand and Mandy closed her
 fingers around it, stroking up and down, her other hand rubbing at her
 own cunt slowly. Her little blue eyes began to sparkle with lust again.

    "Suck his cock, Honey," Terri whispered. "I want to see his big cock
 in your hot little mouth while I bring myself off."

    "But, Mommy! " Mandy made a face. "It just came out of my asshole!"

    "So what?" Terri asked huskily.

    She pushed her fingers past her cunt and worked one up her own
 asshole, letting them see. She fucked her finger a few times into her
 ass, then pulled it out, and sucked it, her tongue licking.

    "See? Sometimes... well, I'll suck his cock if you don't want to. I
 don't mind where it's been."

    Mandy giggled.

    "Then I don't, either, Mommy," she said, dipping her head down and
 running the tip of her tongue across the swollen head of her brother's
 slimy cock. She raised up, started to make a face, and then grinned
 instead. "It's not like I thought it would be. I like it, I think."

    "Let Mommy have a taste, darling", said Terri, her eyes smoldering
 with lust. "Jimmy, come over here."

    Jimmy stood and stepped close to his mother, his cock jutting outward.
 Terri sat up and nuzzled her face into the boy's crotch, flicking out her
 her tongue. Slowly, she licked from his balls to the head of his cock,
 then took it into her mouth. Jimmy moaned in pleasure and held the back
 of his mother's head, fucking his cock into her mouth and halfway down
 her throat, her lips against the wiry, tickling hair at the base.

    Mandy came over to watch, her blue eyes big and moist. She rested her
 cheek against her brother's hip, watching her mother sucking back and
 forth on his glistening prick, her lips sliding easily, her tongue
 licking wet circles about the swollen cockhead as he pulled back. After a
 moment, Terri pulled her mouth from her son's cock and lay back.

    "Straddle me, honey," she said, spreading her legs wide and adjusting
 her skirt around her waist. "Straddle Mommy's shoulders."

    Jimmy did as he was told, and Terri gazed up at the boy's crotch with
 hot, glittering eyes. She gazed at the firm, muscled cheeks of her son's
 ass, his cum-laden balls, and his hard young cock sticking straight out,
 already oozing pre-cum again. A drop fell from the tip of his cock and
 landed on one of her stiff nipples.

    With a soft moan, Mandy dipped her head and licked it off her mother's
 nipple. Terri stroked her hands up her son's thighs, cupping his hard
 young ass, squeezing the asscheeks, then fondled his balls with one hand
 and his cock with the other. Mandy squatted beside them, rubbing her
 hairless little cunt with her hands, watching with wide, lust-filled eyes
 as her mother caressed and squeezed her brother's cock and balls. Terri
 glanced at her daughter and saw the look of wanton desire on the
 12-year-old's face. Mandy stared back at her and smiled.

    "Can I suck him again, Mommy?" she asked sweetly. "I wanna suck
 Jimmy's cock and make him squirt in my mouth!"

    "Go on, sweetheart!", smiled Terri, offering the head of her son's
 cock to her daughter's lips. "Suck the cum right out of his balls!"

    With a giggle, Mandy kissed Jimmy's swollen cockhead then wiggled her
 tongue at his piss hole, tasting the seeping juices.

    "Oh, yeahhhh! Lick it all up, baby" Terri whispered throatily. "Tastes
 good doesn't it. Okay, now suck it! Suck as much of it into your mouth as
 you can."

    Mandy didn't hesitate this time. She closed her hot little mouth
 around the head of her brother's cock, pushing her face down. Terri's
 eyes glazed with passion as she watched the naked little pre-teen suck
 back and forth on her brother's erect prick, mewling with pleasure.

    "Get on your knees. Jimmy," Terri urged.

    The boy lowered himself to his knees, straddling his mother's face.
 Mandy had not lost his cock as he lowered himself. Jimmy's young balls
 were in Terri's face, and she nuzzled them with pleasure. Watching her
 daughter sucking on his cock, Terri began to lick at her son's balls,
 swirling her wet tongue all over them. Jimmy moaned in ecstasy, one hand
 on the top of his sister's blonde head, the other behind his ass,
 squeezing one of his mother's big tits.

    Terri scissored her long legs open and closed, her cunt on fire. She
 writhed her naked ass on the floor, sucking her son's hot balls into her
 mouth, her eyes focusing on her daughter's sucking lips. Watching Mandy
 suck on Jimmy's cock while she sucked his balls sent a wild, fiery tremor
 through her, and she almost came then and there.

    Moist sounds came out of their mouths as mother and daughter sucked
 the teenager's prick. Jimmy looked down, watching them, his eyes
 glittering with adolescent arousal.

    Terri pulled her mouth off his balls, darting her tongue into the
 crack of her son's ass, tickling his asshole, his balls in her face. She
 lapped at the hot pucker of his asshole, then sucked his balls into her
 mouth. She twisted her ass, humping her hips up and down, fucking the
 air. She cupped Jimmy's lean ass in her hot palms, trying to pull his
 cum-loaded balls into her throat. Her daughter's bottom lip brushed at
 her upper lip as Mandy filled her mouth with Jimmy's cock.

    Mandy could only manage to get half of her brother's rock-hard
 cockshaft, into her mouth and as she moved her lips up and down the
 shaft, Terri busied herself with the lower half, licking and tonguing and
 sucking whatever she could get her hungry lips on. When Mandy pulled her
 mouth off his cock for a moment, Terri pushed her tongue to the head and
 licked it, swirling the tip about her daughter's sucking lips. The two
 hot mouths on his cock and balls were making Jimmy tremble with pleasure.

    "Oh, somebody is gonna make me come!" he moaned.

    "Mmmmm!" his mother mewled, sucking at his balls again.

    Mandy slurped off his cock for a moment.

    "Squirt it in my mouth, Jimmy." she said. "Come in my mouth."

    She drew his cock back between her hot lips. sucking strongly. Jimmy
 groaned loudly, his balls tight inside his mother's mouth. His cock was
 being sucked hotly by his sister, and his vision blurred, and he couldn't
 see anything now.

    "I'm about to come!" he moaned. "Ohhh, I'm gonna come... suck me,
 Mandy! Oooooh, suck my cock! Mom... my balls... suck my fuckin' balls!
 I'm gonna come so haaaaaaaard!"

    Right about then, Ray entered the room. Terri, Mandy and Jimmy had
 been so totally engrossed in what they were doing that they hadn't heard
 him drive up, let alone enter the house. Ray let out a gasp as he
 realized what was going on. The sight which greeted him had his cock
 instantly twitching and swelling in his pants.

    His wife and kids were on the floor, his wife's skirt about her waist,
 her gaping cunt exposed. He saw his daughter's cute little ass, watched
 the way Mandy was so hungrily sucking on Jimmy's cock, and how eagerly
 his pretty young wife sucked at his son's balls. Ray started to speak,
 then stopped. He had heard Jimmy say he was about to come.

    Jimmy's eyes were closed, and his face was twisting as the hot,
 thunderous sensations increased in his aching young loins. Mandy's eyes
 were closed as she sucked eagerly, and Terri was staring up at the girl's
 small mouth taking Jimmy's cock, her tongue swirling hotly about his
 swollen balls. None of them could see the figure at the door, watching
 them.

    Ray closed the door quietly, and pulled his cock from his pants. It
 was fully erect already, twitching stiffly at the sight of his wife and
 sexy little daughter giving his lucky son a double blow-job. Gripping his
 swelling hard-on with one hand, Ray loosened his tie with the other, and
 simply watched, trying to decide what to do next. The urge to plunge his
 erect cock into either his wife's juicy wet cunt, or his daughter's
 hairless little pussy was incredibly strong, but he decided to hold back,
 at least he'd seen Jimmy shoot his load into Mandy's sweet little mouth.

    "I'm gonna come!" Jimmy shouted.

    Mandy squealed and her little blue eyes fluttered open as she tasted
 the hot gush of her brother's sperm squirting into her mouth. She gulped
 quickly, but her brother's twitching cock was spurting more jism than the
 12-year-old's tiny sucking mouth could contain.

    Ray watched his son's cum drip from his daughter's cock-stuffed mouth
 and fall onto his wife's face. He began to jack on his cock, eyes burning
 with excitement.

    Mandy struggled bravely to swallow her brother's thick, creamy load
 but like most young boy's his age, Jimmy came so rapidly and so much, his
 cum kept dripping out around the little girl's tightly-stretched lips and
 right onto her mother's face. Terri felt it, and she didn't mind at all.
 She could feel her son's balls writhing as he filled his sister's mouth
 with jizz, and she sucked and licked furiously, bouncing her naked ass up
 and down on the floor, her legs spread wide.

    With one final gulp, Mandy swallowed the last of her brother's huge
 cum-load and pulled her lips from his wilting cock. Terri felt her son
 pull his empty balls out of her mouth and smiled up at her children, her
 face covered with Jimmy's cum.

    Squealing, Mandy began to lick at her mother's spermy face, her tongue
 lapping up the jism that smeared it. Terri offered her face to the
 cum-hungrily little girl, her hand dropping between her legs to rub her
 gaping cunt.

    Jimmy pushed his mother's hand away and began to finger-fuck her with
 a frenzy. Terri wailed in passion as her son fucked his fingers into her
 juicy cunt.  Mandy thrust her hot little tongue into her mother's mouth.
 Terri sucked at it eagerly, dragging her daughter's hand to her swollen
 tits so the little girl could squeeze them as they kissed. Terri pushed a
 hand between her daughter's slender young thighs and rubbed at the juicy
 pink wetness of Mandy's hairless little cunt.

    Ray couldn't contain himself any longer.

    "What the fuck is going on here?"

    With startled yelps, mother, son, and daughter jerked away from each
 other guiltily. Terri tried to cover her tits and cunt, and Mandy went
 into a bashful crouch, while Jimmy cupped his cock and balls. All three
 stared in astonishment as Ray stood there before them, his bare prick
 sticking from his pants, thick and long and very, very hard.

    "It's a bit late to be bashful," Ray said, grinning at them.

    "You startled us, Ray," Terri said, flushed.

    "I'd say I caught you."

    "So what?" Terri replied, removing her hands from her tits and cunt.
 "At least we're fucking at home, and not in your office."

    "You know about that, huh?"

    "Mandy told us," Terri answered.

    "I thought she would," Ray said. "She told me things you've said to
 her, about me looking at her and... well, now what?"

    Terri gave her husband a wicked grin, pulling Jimmy's hand back to her
 cunt and Mandy's hand to her tit. "I'd say the first thing to do is get
 out of your fucking pants, Ray."

    "Oh, yes, Daddy!" Mandy squealed, spreading her slim legs wide to let
 her father see her hairless cunt. "Take all of your clothes off and come
 join us!"

    Ray undressed quickly, watching his wife and son and daughter. His
 cock was so hard, it slapping at his stomach with stiffness as he pulled
 off his shorts and stood before his family completely nude. Mandy giggled
 with pleasure and skipped over to her naked father. She clutched his cock
 and balls eagerly with tiny fingers, playing with them as she gazed
 excitedly up into his eyes.

    "Mmmmmmmm! Nice and hard, Daddy!"

    "All the better to fuck you with, my dear!" growled Ray, slipping a
 hand down between his daughter's legs.

    "Oooooh, goody!!"

    Ray inserted a finger into Mandy's hairless little cunt-crack and
 started to finger-fucking her. He was amazed at how incredibly wet her
 hot little twat was. For a 12-year-old, she sure was a horny little
 piece.... and eager too. He couldn't wait to spread her skinny young legs
 and plow her tight, buttery little-girl fuckhole again, like he'd done in
 his office. God, she'd felt good! Her hairless little cuntlips had clung
 tightly to the shaft of his cock and milked him dry, just like they were
 doing right now, to his deeply probing finger.

    Terri raised her ass, pulling her skirt off and crawled towards her
 son. Stroking his finger in and out of Mandy's elastic little fuckhole
 Ray, watched his wife push Jimmy onto his back His cock was hard and
 standing up again. Terri leaned over him, on her hands and knees,
 waggling her shapely ass at her husband as she took Jimmy's cock into her
 mouth, sucking it, keeping her head turned to watch Ray.

    "Wanna fuck, Daddy?" Mandy asked, leaning down and kissing the head of
 her father's cock. "Wanna fuck me while Mommy fucks Jimmy?"

    "Fucking right, I do!" Ray said, his voice thick as he watched his
 wife fill her mouth with their son's cock.

    Terri pulled her mouth off Jimmy's cock. She straddled her son, then
 squatted with her hairy cuntlips just brushing the boy's prickhead. She
 grinned wantonly at her husband as she rubbed Jimmy's cock along the pink
 slit of her juicy cunt.

    "I don't see anyone stopping you, Ray," Terri said, her eyes
 half-closing with pleasure as she sat down on Jimmy's huge, throbbing
 erection.

    "Oooooh, baby!" moaned Ray, as he watched his wife impale herself on
 their son's cock. "You don't know how many times I've seen you fucking
 Jimmy in my mind!"

    Terri grinned up at her husband as she lewdly began to bounced up and
 down on Jimmy's virile young prick.

    "Probably as many times as I've imagined your big cock fucking Mandy's
 cunt."

    Mandy was jacking on her father's cock swiftly, her little fist
 sliding up and down the huge shaft as she watched her mother fucking
 Jimmy.

    Terri pursed her lips for Ray and he leaned down and kissed his wife,
 pushing his tongue into her mouth. As Terri sucked on his tongue, he
 clutched his daughter's tight little ass hard, his other hand slipping to
 Terri's bouncing tits.

    "Come on, Daddy! I wanna fuck too!" Mandy squealed. "Put your big old
 cock in my cunt again, pleeeaaase, Daddy??!!!"

    Terri pulled her mouth from her husband's lips.

    "You better fuck her, I'd say." she said in a low, husky voice.
 "You're about to find out what a wonderful son and daughter we have,
 darling."

    "I already know," Ray said, lowering Mandy to the floor and burying
 his face into her cunt, sucking and licking eagerly, relishing the musky
 juices of her creamy young cunt.

    Mandy spread her thighs about her father's face, giggling when his
 stubbled whiskers tickled her inner thighs. She grabbed the back of his
 head, grinding her hairless cunt wildly into his sucking mouth.

    "Oh, Ray, suck her cunt!" Terri gasped, slapping her juicy-wet pussy
 up and down on her son's cock. "Lick her sweet little pussy, Ray!
 Tongue-fuck her good! Mandy loves to have her hot little cunt sucked...
 and Jimmy loves blow-jobs, and.... ohhhh, God I love his big hard cock
 fucking me!!"

    Ray rammed his tongue deep into his daughter's tight little hole, and
 as she wiggled hard at his face, Terri reached over and grasped her
 husband's throbbing cock, jerking up and down on it as she fucked her
 groaning son.

    "Oooooh, Daddy, you're gonna make me come so fast!" Mandy wailed, her
 little pussy convulsing about her father's darting tongue. "Oooooh, suck
 me hard! Suck my cunt real hard, Daddy!"

    Within minutes, Ray had the horny little 12-year-old squealing in
 ecstasy.... another minute and Mandy was cumming like a rocket!

    "UUUUUHHHHHH, DAAADDDDDDDY! OHHHHHH! OHHHHH! UUUUNNNGGHHHHHH, SUCK ME!
 SUCK MEEEEEEE! I'M CUMMMMMMMING! AAAHHHHHHHH!", screamed Mandy, hunching
 her quivering little crotch up at her father's munching mouth.

    Ray held her tiny asscheeks in both hands and tongue-fucked the
 whimpering youngster through her orgasm, lapping at her hairless little
 fuck-hole like a starving man. At the peak of her climax, Ray sucked her
 tiny, throbbing clit into his mouth and sucked hard, causing the little
 girl to almost faint with pleasure. With a moan, he ran his stiffened
 tongue up and down through her juicy pink slit sucking up the delicious
 pubescent cream which collected there.

    As soon as her fiery little cunt stopped squeezing and contracting
 with orgasm, Ray lay back, pulling his daughter on top of him. His face
 was glistening with her pussy juices as he settled Mandy on top of his
 upthrust prick. Mandy held her breath as positioned her tiny pussy over
 her father's cock, with Terri leaning over to watch. Mother, father and
 daughter moaned as one as Mandy lowered her ass and enveloped Ray's
 prick, her young cunt bulging with the incredible thickness of her
 father's huge cock.

    "Ohhhhh, Ray, that's fantastic! Isn't Mandy's sweet little pussy tight
 on your cock? Isn't that the hottest, tightest little cunt you ever
 fucked?"

    "Oh, yeah!" Ray groaned as he watched his daughter's tiny, hairless
 cunt stretch about his thick prick. "Fuck me, Mandy! Ahhh, baby, bounce
 that sweet little pussy up and down on Daddy's cock!"

    "I will. Daddy!" Mandy squealed. "Ooooh, watch me, Mommy! I'm fucking
 Daddy! Oooooh, his cock feels so biiiig in my little cunt!"

    "Ram it to him, Mandy!" Terri squealed, fucking herself on her son's
 cock with wild, wicked lunges of her horny cunt. "We'll show these two
 guys! Let's show them what hot cunts we have... what hungry mouths we
 have!"

    "And assholes, Mommy!" Mandy gurgled, bouncing and wiggling as wildly
 as her mother now. Mandy grabbed one of her mother's jouncing tits.
 "Don't forget our hot assholes!"

    "Never!" Terri cried out, grinding her pussy down onto her son's cock.
 "Ohhhhhh, God! Fuck Mommy hard, Jimmy! I'm going to come... I can't
 wait!"

    Watching his wife's hairy cunt grinding on the base of their son's
 cock was too much for Ray. As was the incredible tightness of his little
 daughter's cunt. With a cry of ecstasy, he gripped Mandy's thrashing hips
 and fucked his cock deeply into her pussy, feeling the jizz rising in his
 balls.

    "Uuuhhhh, Jesus! Daddy's cummming, baby! Cummming in your tight
 fuckin' pussy!" he shouted. "Take it, Mandy! Take Daddy's cum up your hot
 little cunt!"

    "Yes, yes, Daddy! I'm... ohhh, I'm cumming too! Uuuuhhhhh! Ohhhhh!
 Feel me coming, Daddy!"

    Almost at the same time as Ray and Mandy climaxed, Jimmy arched up,
 gushing cum into his mother's gripping cunt causing Terri to orgasm as
 well. The wet sounds of fucking which had filled the room were drowned
 out by loud cries of release as the whole family climaxed together. Ray
 emptied his balls into Mandy's tiny convulsing pussy, filling the little
 girl to overflowing... Terri came like a freight train, screaming and
 writhing with ecstasy as a groaning Jimmy fucked his spurting prick deep
 up into her spasming cunt... Mandy's tight, hairless little cunt gripped
 her father's jerking cock with orgasm.

    "Mmmmmmmmm! I wanna suck your cock next, Daddy, then take it up my
 asshole and... suck cunt and cock... and fuck and... "

    "Oh, yes, Mandy! " Ray grunted, punctuating his words with several
 deep jabs into the little girl's cunt. "Yes, yes, and yes!!"

    Slumped over her son's panting body, Terri looked over at her husband
 and daughter and smiled. Things were going to be a lot different around
 here in future, that was for sure.....


                               THE END



