               
"I  know that your birthday party is tomorrow but I wanted you to
have  this  gift  today"  Miss Edwards said as she handed Amy the
colorfully wrapped box. "Happy 15th" she added. They were sitting
alone in Amy's living room on the late Friday afternoon. Amy took
the  box and pulled the bow apart on the ribbons. She then ripped
the  paper off of the box. It was a brand-name clothing box which
obviously contained an expensive dress. With wide expectant eyes,
Amy  opened  the  box.  Inside  she  saw  a  rather  drab looking
off-white material. She took it out of the box and held it up. It
looked  like  an  off-white  nuns  habit. Amy said "It's ... it's
...."  and  turned  to  Miss  Edwards  with  a  puzzled look while
searching  for  the  words  to  describe  it.  The words were not
forthcoming  for  there  were no words to describe it. "Go put it
on"  Miss  Edwards  said "now! Be sure to wear only what's in the
box."  Amy took the box to her room. She undressed completely and
then took the items out of the box. She pulled the habit over her
head  and  put  her arms into the sleeves. The habit had a string
tie  in the front. She tied the string and then looked at herself
in  the  mirror. The habit was, in a word, UGLY. It was obviously
make  from  some  kind  of very cheap material. The stitching was
 more [q=quit]                amateurish  and  the  sleeves  were not quit the same length. Amy
wasn't  sure  just what kind of a costume party this was going to
be.

Amy put on the cheap sandals that were also in the box and walked
back  to  the living room. Miss Edwards was not there. Amy looked
around  wondering what was going to happen next when Miss Edwards
walked back into the room. She was dressed in a similar "costume"
except  that her's was all black. "Oh you look cute" Miss Edwards
said,  "Bring  me  your  wrist  belts  and the padlock." Amy then
realized that Miss Edwards was going to play some kind of naughty
game  with her. She had a mild sexual rush as she tried to figure
out  what  Miss  Edwards had in store for her. She ran out of the
room  and  then  ran back moments later with the requested items.
"Hold  out  your  hands  please."  Amy held out her hands as Miss
Edwards  buckled  the  familiar  belts  around  her wrists. "Turn
around  and  put  your hands behind you" she said. Amy did as she
was  told  and held still while Miss Edwards inserted the padlock
into  the  wrist restraints. Miss Edwards then pulled a hood that
was  on  her  habit  up over her head. She now looked more like a
monk  than  nun.  Amy's  habit  had  no  hood. "OK, outside" Miss
 more [q=quit]                Edwards said as she led Amy to the side door.

They  walked  outside into the late afternoon Spring sunshine. It
had been a mild day and now it was getting cool. The early Spring
air  smelled good. Miss Edwards directed Amy to the small pasture
behind  the barn. Amy could feel the dampness growing between her
legs; this was going to be a new naughty game and her lover, Miss
Edwards, had something special in store for her.

As  they came around the corner of the barn into the pasture, Amy
saw the old swing set that she and Judy used to play on when they
were kids. There were now two short chains hanging from where one
of the swings used to hang. There was also a milking stool on the
ground directly below and between the two chains and a small step
ladder  next  to  it.  "Over there" Miss Edwards directed as they
walked  toward  the  stool.  When  Amy  got to the the stool, she
noticed  that  there  were  two  other people standing off to the
side.  The two other people were also dressed in the same type of
black  habit  as  Miss  Edwards  with the hoods pulled over their
heads.  Amy could not see their faces. Amy turned to Miss Edwards
with  a  frightened puzzled look in her eyes. Miss Edwards kept a
 more [q=quit]                stone cold expression on her face and gave the curt order "Get up
on the stool." Miss Edwards held Amy's arm as she stepped up onto
the  30  cm.  high stool. Miss Edwards reached down the inside of
her  habit  and  retrieved the  key  that was on her necklace and
unlocked  the  padlock  on Amy's wrist straps She then climbed up
two  rungs  on  the  step ladder to Amy's left. Miss Edwards took
Amy's  left  arm  and  held  it  up to the chain on the left. She
attached  Amy's  wrist strap to a hook that was on the end of the
chain.  Miss Edwards then got off of the step ladder and moved it
to  Amy's  right side. She then attached Amy's right wrist to the
right chain.

Miss Edwards stepped down off the ladder and moved it well out of
the  way.  Amy  was standing on the 30 cm. milking stool with her
arms  held  straight  up  and  to  the  side. While her arms were
straight,  her  weight  was  on her feet. The two strangers moved
closer to Amy's front but the hoods were still hiding their faces
from  Amy's view. The three black hooded people looked at Amy for
a  few minutes enjoying her consternation. The simple bondage was
having  an  effect  on Amy. She could feel the wetness increasing
between her legs.
 more [q=quit]                
Finally, one of the strangers stepped forward and unwound a small
scroll.  A  loud  feminine  voice  read  in a slow and emphasized
manner  "Amy  Snyder, you have been found guilty of wanton sexual
misconduct,  unlawful  fornication, and sodomy. As punishment, it
is  the  judgment  of  this  tribunal that you be brought to this
public place so that all may see your shame, hung by your wrists,
stripped naked, and whipped until your soul is cleansed."

A  sudden  sexual  flush filled Amy; this was one of her favorite
fantasies!  Miss  Edwards  had  planned  a  good naughty game for
today!  While  the pasture that they were in was out in the open,
it  wasn't  really  "public"  as  it couldn't be seen except from
their own property. However, this new naughty game did have extra
spice  as  there were two strangers who were going to witness her
"punishment".  This  also  caused mild fear and panic within Amy.
She  didn't  know who the two strangers were nor if they could be
trusted  to  keep  her secret. At the moment, however, her sexual
urge  far  outweighed  her fear. Plus, she completely trusted the
her lover, Miss Edwards.

 more [q=quit]                Amy's  thoughts  were  abruptly  brought  back to reality as Miss
Edwards  yanked  the milking stool out from under Amy's feet. She
was  now  hanging  by her wrists with her feet three cm. from the
ground. By pointing her toes straight down, she could just barely
feel  the grass on her big toes. Miss Edwards came to Amy's front
and took hold of the habit with both hands. In one great gesture,
the habit was torn open. Miss Edwards continued tearing the cloth
until  it  lay  at  Amy's  feet;  it  was now a useless rag. Miss
Edwards  removed Amy's sandals and tossed them away. Miss Edwards
picked  up  the tattered garment and tossed it aside. Amy was now
hanging by her wrists, stark naked, in front of two strangers.

Amy  could feel the cool afternoon spring air on her bare skin. A
flush  come  to  her  face  as  she  was  awash with a mixture of
emotions.  She had never before experienced such a combination of
humiliation,   embarrassment,   fear,   and  overwhelming  sexual
stimulation!  She had her eyes closed and head turned to one side
as  if she were trying to hide from the eyes of the strangers. As
she  slowly moved and bent her legs, as if trying to find a place
to put her feet, she could feel what was now a sopping wetness in
her  secrete  spot  as the cool Spring air gently blew across her
 more [q=quit]                blond pubic mound.

The  three figures watched Amy for several minutes. She looked so
innocent  and helpless as she hung there totally exposed. She was
beautiful!  Finally, Amy opened her eyes and looked at the hooded
figures who were watching her. Her breathing was becoming heavier
and  more  labored  as her arousal steadily increased. The hooded
stranger  who had thus far been quiet handed Miss Edwards a whip.
Amy recognized it as Miss Edwards' (and Amy's) favorite two meter
"snake"  whip.  Miss  Edwards took the whip, let the length of it
fall  onto  the ground and walked around behind Amy. Miss Edwards
parted  Amy's long hair in back and moved it so that it hung down
both sides of her face in front.

Amy's  breathing was now laboring. She was staring at the "quiet"
stranger  when  the  first stroke of the whip kissed her back. It
landed high across her back on her shoulders and made a nice loud
snapping sound. Amy saw both strangers flinch as the whip landed.
And then the strangers watched Amy's performance.

Amy's head jerked back eyes wide open, her breath quickly inhaled
 more [q=quit]                through  clutched  teeth.  Amy  pulled  both knees up against her
chest. Her body went stiff and her breathing stopped. Three pairs
of  eyes  beheld  Amy's  beauty. The two witnesses were sure that
they would hear Amy scream the code word, "crackers", to stop her
punishment. However, Miss Edwards had played enough naughty games
before  with  Amy  to  know  just  how  much  pain  Amy needed to
stimulate  her.  While the lash may have seemed cruel, and it may
have  been  to anyone else, it had just the right degree of pain;
any  less  would  have  been unstimulating, any more and the pain
would have overcome Amy's growing sexual urge.

Amy  slowly relaxed. She lowered her legs so that they again hung
straight  down  and her body became limp. Her breathing continued
again at its labored pace. She slowly rubbed her thighs together,
one  leg  in  front  of the other. Her head was now bowed and her
eyes  were  half closed looking at nothing. She was in a world of
her own.

The  second  lash  landed  across  her  shoulder blades below the
first.  Again,  her  knees jerked up to her chest and she gasped.
But  this  time,  her  head  stayed  bowed.  It took less time to
 more [q=quit]                "relax"  her  legs back down after the second stroke than it took
after the first. The rubbing of her thighs increased.

The  "cleansing  of  her soul" continued with each lash landing a
little  lower  than the previous. Her breathing was now more like
panting.  She  continued  to  rub her thighs together. It was now
blatantly  obvious  to  everyone  watching  that the entire inner
surface of both thighs were slippery wet; Amy was gushing! It was
a lewd exhibition.

Each  time  Amy  lowered  her  legs, which was now the unofficial
signal  that  she  was ready, Miss Edwards would deliver the next
stroke  to  the  back  of her young lover. When the eighth stroke
reached  the small of her back, Amy's orgasm burst. Her head shot
back,  her  knees came up and pressed tight against her chest her
body  twitched  this  way and that, and a muffled sound came from
her  mouth.  Miss  Edwards seized the opportunity and delivered a
moderate  lash  to  Amy's  tight  round bottom cheeks. A piercing
shriek  came  from  Amy's  mouth  as her body shook with orgasmic
spasms.

 more [q=quit]                The  three pairs of eyes watched Amy's spectacle which lasted for
nearly  20 seconds. The stranger who had read Amy's sentenced was
now  rubbing  the  front of her habit between her legs not caring
about  exhibiting the fact that she was horny. Amy's gyrations at
that  moment  were  indistinguishable  from a grand mall seizure.
Yet, she was in ecstasy!

Finally  Amy's  spasms  ceased,  her breathing slowly returned to
normal  and her legs dropped back down. She was now hanging limp;
she was drained. This had been the most intense sexual experience
she  had ever had. To be stripped naked and whipped in public was
deliciously  naughty. Now however, her feelings and emotions were
no   longer  masked  by  her  sexual  urge.  She  now  felt  true
embarrassment  and  a  tinge of real fear because she didn't know
who  the  two strangers were. After all, "nice" girls don't enjoy
being  whipped  naked in public to the point of orgasm. She could
also now feel the real pain in her back, although it was becoming
a pleasant throbbing sensation.

Miss  Edwards  announced  "I believe her soul has been cleansed."
This  was  the  signal  that  the two girls were to return to the
 more [q=quit]                house.  The girl with the scroll pulled down her hood and started
to  walk  back  toward  the  house.  Amy could see that she was a
beautiful  Asian  girl.  The  other "quiet" girl joined the Asian
girl  and  they  both walked together. As they passed Amy's side,
the  "quiet" girl pulled down her hood just before passing out of
sight.  Amy  was shocked when she recognized the girl. It was her
own sister Judy!

Amy's  feelings of humiliation and fear increased. But now, a new
feeling  joined  the  others, betrayal. Miss Edwards had revealed
Amy's  darkest  secret  to the last person Amy would ever want to
know, her sister.

Amy  moved  her  feet out of the way as Miss Edwards replaced the
milking  stool. Miss Edwards gave the brief order "Stand up." Amy
slowly  put the weight back onto her feet as she eased the weight
off  of  her shackled wrists. Miss Edwards placed the step ladder
to  Amy's  side  and  proceeded  to  free  Amy's left wrist. Miss
Edwards  looked at Amy's face as she let Amy's left arm drop. She
saw  real  tears  running  down  Amy's  cheeks.  Miss Edwards was
puzzled.  She  wasn't sure if those were tears of joy or sadness.
 more [q=quit]                In  all  of  naughty  games  that  they had played together, Miss
Edwards  had  never  seen Amy cry except for the single tear when
the whip had hurt her breast.

Miss  Edwards  moved  the step ladder to the other side and freed
Amy's right arm. She looked at Amy's face again and saw her lower
lip quiver as she burst out crying. There was no doubt now, those
were  not  tears  of  joy;  something was wrong! Miss Edwards was
truly  puzzled. Amy had obviously enjoyed their naughty game. Why
was  she now so upset? Finally through choked sobs, Amy said in a
low  voice  "Oh  Bunny,  how  could  you?  ... in front of my own
sister!"

Miss  Edwards  felt  like  shit. She had, in fact, betrayed Amy's
confidence  to  Amy's sister. For what had been planned to be the
ultimate  sexual  experience  for  Amy  had  now  turned  into  a
disaster.  However,  Miss  Edwards knew that Amy did not yet know
the  whole  story.  So, Miss Edwards, still keeping in character,
said in a stern cold voice "The prisoner will remain silent!" Amy
stood passively on the milk stool, tears running down her cheeks,
while Miss Edwards again locked her wrists behind her back.
 more [q=quit]                
Miss  Edwards  escorted  the  naked  girl  back to the house. Amy
walked passively with her head bowed. They walked quietly through
the open door of the exercise room. Amy's eyes opened wide at the
sight that greeted them. The two girls were naked. The Asian girl
was  laying  on  her back on the table with her bottom toward the
doorway.  Her  feet  were  pulled  up close to her bottom and her
knees were spread wide apart. Amy could not see the girl's vagina
because Judy was straddling the Asian girl's head and had her own
head  between  the  Asian  girl's  legs. It was obvious that both
girl's tongues were busily working on each other's clits. Amy was
again awash with a mixture of emotions. She couldn't believe that
she  was seeing her own "straight" sister lapping away at another
girl's genitals.

Miss  Edwards  said  in  a  stern  voice  "So, I see that you two
couldn't  wait for us!" Judy looked up with a surprised look. Her
mouth,  nose  and  chin  were  covered  with  wet secretions. She
quickly  got  off of the other girl, stood up straight and looked
at Amy. Amy looked back at her naked sister and realized that she
had  never seen Judy naked before. Judy was a fully mature woman.
 more [q=quit]                Her large full breasts were to be envied. Amy wondered if her own
growing  breasts  would  develop  like  her sister's. Judy's full
pubic  bush  was  sandy  brown  and much darker than Amy's golden
blond  fleece.  Amy slowly moved her eyes from her sister's mound
to  her beautiful breasts and finally up to her face. Judy's hair
was  shorter than Amy's and only came to the bottom her neck. Her
sister  smiled  knowingly at Amy and Amy blushed from yet another
emotion.  "Nice"  girls  aren't  supposed  to  have  lust  filled
thoughts about their siblings.

The  Asian  girl bounded up and quickly stepped over and stood in
front  of  Amy.  She had long jet-black hair which fell below her
waist.  Her  breasts  were  small  with  small nipples. They were
smaller  than  Amy's still growing breasts. The girls small pubic
bush  was covered with fairly straight black hair. The warm smile
on  her  face was infectious. The girl said "Sorry about that but
we  were  both  too  horny. That was the most exciting show we've
ever  seen.  One  more  minute  and  I would have popped off just
watching!"  The  girl  kept on talking with boundless excitement.
"Wow Amy, you were beautiful!"

 more [q=quit]                "By  the  way,"  Miss Edwards interrupted, "this little bundle of
energy  is  Sally  Cheng."  Sally looked at Amy and said "Hi Amy,
pleased  to  meet you." Amy said "Hello Sally, please to meet you
too"  as if formal introductions were necessary between two naked
girls, one with her hands locked behind her back. "Sally and your
sister  are  lovers" Miss Edwards added. Amy looked at her sister
with  a  shocked  look  of  disbelief.  Judy  looked back at Amy,
smiled,  and  nodded her head affirmatively. Amy's head was again
awash with a mixture of emotions.

Sally's  hands were busy exploring every centimeter of Amy's bare
skin.  Sally  tested  the  firmness  of Amy's breasts with tender
caresses.  She felt the smoothness of Amy's skin as she moved her
fingers  down Amy's front.  Amy was no longer crying but her head
was  still  spinning  from  the  events of the day. She was still
experiencing  a mixture of strong emotions. But more importantly,
Sally's  probing  fingers  were  causing  her  favorite "naughty"
emotion to start its return.

Sally's  fingers  reached  the  blond curls of Amy's pubic mound.
Sally's  fingers  combed  through the golden hairs gently pulling
 more [q=quit]                them  out  to  their  full  length. Sally turned to Judy and said
"Wow,  look  at  that Judy. Your sister is a real blond!" "Yes, I
can  see"  Judy  replied,  "She  is beautiful." A new emotion was
added  to  Amy's  list, pride. While she was the youngest girl in
the  room and did not have the most beautiful body, she was still
very proud of her body and proud of the fact that the other girls
liked it.

Sally  slid  a  finger into Amy' slit and rubbed across her clit.
Amy  instinctively spread her feet apart so as to give Sally full
access  to  the most private parts of her body. Amy blushed again
when  she realized that "nice" girls aren't supposed to do things
like  that.  But,  she  didn't care; Sally's probing fingers felt
good!  Amy  was  again  feeling the glow of her increasing sexual
urge.  She  still  had  a  hundred unanswered questions about her
sister;  How  long  has Judy known about her secret? When did she
find out? How long has she been sleeping with girls? ...

For  now the questions will have to wait. A more important matter
had  to  be  taken  care  of  first,  her growing orgasm. Sally's
fingers continued exploring the slippery wetness of Amy's vagina.
 more [q=quit]                Sally  ran  her  fingers up and down Amy's inner lips. Amy's eyes
were  half  closed and she was no longer looking at anything. She
was  totally  absorbed  with the deliciously naughty feeling that
Sally's probing fingers evoked. Sally slipped a finger into Amy's
love  tunnel  and was met with the resistance of her maiden head.
Sally  looked  at Judy and exclaimed in great excitement "Oooooo,
she's a virgin!!" Amy looked at Judy's proud smile. Amy no longer
felt  embarrassment.  Amy no longer felt fear. Amy no longer felt
humiliation.  Amy  longer  felt  the  pain.  Amy  no  longer felt
betrayed. Amy felt only one thing, lust!

"I've  never  had  a  virgin  before"  Sally  continued, "All the
pussies  that  I've  ever  had,  had been previously stuffed with
cocks!"   Amy   wasn't   sure  if  Sally  fully  appreciated  the
implication  that  she  had  just made.  However, a quick look at
Judy's  blushing face confirmed that the implication was correct.
"Oh  well" Amy thought, "She's a big girl. Besides, I'm sure that
there are not many 24 year old virgins."

Sally  moved  around  Amy  to  her  back  side. She looked at the
parallel red welts on her back. "Oh wow, come look at this, Judy"
 more [q=quit]                Sally  said  with  excitement. Judy joined Sally behind Amy. Judy
said  in  a  shocked  voice  "WOW!  that's  really  something. We
couldn't see your back while you were being whipped. Bunny really
did  a  number on you. It must have hurt like hell!" Amy tried to
explain  the  feeling.  But  it  was  hard  to explain the sexual
emotions  she  feels  while actually being whipped. The two girls
ran  their  fingers  across  the  welts  on  her back to feel the
ridges.  They  also felt the single beautiful welt on her bottom.
They  asked  if  the wounds still hurt. Amy explained that it was
now  a  pleasant  throbbing sensation which will last for about a
day. She said that one of the nice things about being whipped was
that  the sexual sensations last for hours afterward and make her
wet.  They asked how long the marks will last. Amy said that they
should be gone by Monday morning.

Sally  moved back to Amy's front and noticed a drying tear on her
cheek. Sally's smile changed to a somber look. "Were you crying?"
she  asked  in  a  very  concerned  voice.  Amy's  mind was still
swimming  in  confusion  and  she  wasn't  sure what to say. Miss
Edwards  broke  the  impasse  and said "I think she's overwhelmed
with everything that's happened today." That was, if anything, an
 more [q=quit]                understatement! Miss Edwards continued "Let's tie her down on the
table."    Sally's    infectious    smile   returned   and   said
enthusiastically "OK, sounds like fun!"

The  three  girls  led  Amy  to  the exercise table. Miss Edwards
unlocked  her  wrists  and  Amy laid down on her tender back. The
girls  secured  her  wrists  above her head and out to the sides.
They  then spread her legs wide apart and secured her ankles with
strips of Velcro. Sally then said "Let me go first!" Miss Edwards
said  "No,  she's  mine.  You can go next. Take her nipple there"
pointing  to  Amy's right breast. Sally came to Amy's right side,
knelt  down,  and  put  her  mouth to Amy's right nipple. Sally's
tongue  traced  a circle around Amy's little bud. Amy swooned and
laid  her  head  back as she enjoyed the "assault" on her nipple.
Amy  felt a second tongue on her left nipple. Amy looked down and
watched  her  sister  working  her  tongue.  Amy again laid back,
closed  her  eyes,  and  just enjoyed the pleasant feeling in her
nipples coupled with the now sensual throbbing in her back.

Despite the fact that Amy was securely fastened to the table, she
felt  free. She felt free from guilt. She had no more secretes to
 more [q=quit]                hide.  She was free to fully enjoy the voluptuous sensations that
her body was providing.

A  third tongue started its work on her clit. Amy looked down and
saw  the  now naked Miss Edwards between her legs. Amy laid back,
closed her eyes, and relaxed while enjoying the wonderful feeling
of  the  powerful  orgasm  building  within her. It took about 50
seconds  of  the  three-fold "tongue lashing" to bring Amy to her
climax.

After  Amy's  orgasm subsided, Sally said "Now it's my turn!" Amy
thought  that Sally wanted to trade places with her on the table.
Not  so,  Amy wanted to trade places with Miss Edwards. Sally was
determined to have a virgin! Miss Edwards suggested that everyone
shift  one position to the right. Miss Edwards went to Amy's left
side,  Judy went to Amy's right side, and Sally eagerly went down
between  Amy's  legs.  The  three-fold  tongue  lashing commenced
again.  Amy could tell by Sally's experienced tongue that she was
really enjoying her work. Amy also realized, to her chagrin, that
Sally was much better at cunnilingus than was Miss Edwards. Amy's
second orgasm exploded within 20 seconds.
 more [q=quit]                
When Amy's spasms ended, Sally looked up at Judy and said "Next."
The  three  girls  again shifted one position to the right. Amy's
realization,  that  the  tongue  which would now service her clit
would  be her own sister's, was deliciously naughty. "Nice" girls
don't  go  down  on  their  sisters.  A  sexual surge flooded her
vagina.  For  the  third  time,  the  three-fold  tongue  lashing
commenced.  Amy could tell that her sister was no stranger to the
"art"  of  cunnilingus. It took less than 10 seconds for her body
to  explode. Her body went stiff as she lifted her hips up off of
the  table  to  better feed her vagina to the hungry mouth of her
sister.   This   was   the  most  intense  orgasm  she  had  ever
experienced,  surpassing  the  one from the whipping that she had
just  had.  Her spasms lasted for nearly 30 seconds. Finally, she
relaxed and laid back down. She was limp and totally drained.

Miss  Edwards said "I'm next." Again, the shift-one-space-to-the-
right  operation  was  performed  and the girls returned to their
original starting positions. As the tongue lashing started again,
Amy's  hips  jerked and jerked; she cried out in an exhausted but
urgent  voice  "crackers  ... crackers!!"
 more [q=quit]                
Judy whispered into Amy's ear "Happy birthday sis."




-------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

[RET] 15245-15380, Q)uit: 