Archive-name: Bondage/erot2.txt
Archive-author: Amethyst
Archive-title: Blind Heartbeat


     A woman lies peacefully slumbering on her bed, clad in naught 
but a twisted satin sheet of midnight blue.  The sheer white curtain 
ripples back and forth into the room, as so commanded by the 
imperious summer breezes.  The woman's silken locks spill over her 
shoulders and fan out on the pillow, threaded through with strands 
of silver which glint in the early morning light filtering through 
the translucent fabric.  Her pale skin seems to glow slightly in the 
faint sunlight.
     She utters an almost soundless sigh and turns restlessly in her 
sleep, shifting the sheet so that it slips smoothly from her torso 
down to her waist.  Her full breasts, revealed by this movement, are 
covered with tiny goosebumps in the chill morning air, and her 
nipples are red and hard in the breeze from the window.
     A man begins to stir now from the chair near her resting 
place.  He has been sitting there just watching her sleep for the 
last twenty minutes and is smiling now at the sight which greets his 
eyes.  He is tall and strong, and the sunlight glints off his 
reddish hair as it does off her silver.  He strides purposefully 
over to the bed and stops a moment to gaze at her peaceful rest for 
one last time before he endeavors to awaken her.
     He bends over the bed, slowly drawing the sheet down past her 
hips, sliding its slippery smoothness over her legs and feet and 
tossing it carelessly in a heap on the floor at the foot of the 
bed.  The woman stirs, shivering slightly and reaching out a 
fumbling hand for her lost covering.  The man sits on the edge of 
the bed and catches her seeking hand in his.  Holding it and turning 
it gently palm upwards, he softly kisses the hollow of her hand and 
then goes on to kiss each individual finger.
     His lips continue their kissing trail along her wrist and up 
her arm, pausing for a lingering salute to the inside of her elbow 
and then resuming their advance upwards.  She is still not awake, 
but her eyelashes flutter ever so slightly and her lips curve up 
into an almost imperceptible smile.  But he know it is there, for he 
knows every inch of her flesh and every gesture, expression, and 
movement that she makes as well as he knows his own.
     As he trails moisture-laden caresses over her shoulder and up 
the side of her neck, she shivers again, but he does not think it is 
from the cold now.  He swings up on the bed and lies beside her, 
balanced on one arm and his head next to hers.  His roving lips now 
pay homage to her ear.  She moans quietly as a warm moist breeze 
makes its way into her ear, a breeze that has nothing to do with the 
one entering through her window. The man's tongue traces its way 
from the top curve of her ear down around her ear to the earlobe, 
leaving a wet glistening trail behind it.  As his mouth reaches her 
earlobe, he gently catches her lobe between his teeth.
     She turns her head toward him and her eyes open a crack.  As 
her long dark lashes rise up further, he can see her golden 
green/brown eyes questing fuzzily for consciousness.  Her hand 
reaches up and cups the back of his head, drawing it forward to her 
parted lips.  As their lips meet the kiss is first very gentle and 
cautious, very sweet and very precious.  As she becomes fully awake, 
however, she begins to press herself and her lips more firmly 
against him, seeking his tongue with hers and wrapping her arms and 
legs around him.
     An eternity passes while they furiously embrace, clasping one 
another with strength and a fierce joy. Eventually, their lips draw 
apart, and they smile at each other.  The sparkle in her hazel eyes 
finds a matching glint in his.  She opens her mouth to speak, but he 
stops her with but one finger on her mouth.  She smiles widely and 
begins to speak anyway, but her stubborn intent is frustrated by his 
lips once again upon hers.  As he draws away from her once more, he 
places his finger against his own lips to indicate his desire for 
her silence.
     She begins to shiver once again, this time obviously from the 
chill in the air on her nude flesh.  He draws his hand lightly over 
her goosebumps and carefully over and around her nipples.  This, of 
course, only intensifies her shaking.  Out of consideration for her, 
the man arises to step over to the window and shut it.  Out of the 
corner of his eye, he senses movement behind him.  He turns his head 
to view her attempting to sneak past him to the nearby chair where 
her robe is draped.  "Oh, no you don't, love,"  he murmurs as he 
reaches out and grabs her around her waist.  "I like you just the 
way you are right now," he states, as he draws her back to him. "But 
I have to get up; I have things to do," she protests.  "Believe me, 
this is infinitely more important than your trivial errands."  "No, 
I have to go!"
     As she tries futilely to slip away from his grasp, he reaches 
down and hoists her into his arms.  Striding back over to the bed, 
he dumps her unceremoniously upon it.  Determined, she sits up and 
tries to swing her feet over the edge of the bed to get off, but he 
grabs them and then holds them down.  "Come on, you can't hold all 
of me down...I'm going to get away.  You might as well accept it and 
let me go and get my stuph done."  "You only think you can get away, 
my dear.  I know different."  And from underneath the mattress he 
produces four strips of fabric, smooth but strong.  You wouldn't 
dare!"  "I wouldn't?  Anything you say dear," as he grabs first one 
ankle and then the other with a firm grip, tying one of the strips 
to each ankle and then tying the other end of each to an opposite 
bedpost.  "You can't do this to me!"  "yes, dear."  He straddles her 
now, kneeling with one leg on each side of her.  "Oh, no, I'm not 
going to let you do this to me," and she put her hands behind her 
back, thinking they'd be out of his reach.  "You keep forgetting my 
reach is longer than yours, love," as he easily reaches behind her 
and imprisons both her wrists in one of his hands.  Drawing her arms 
forward over her head, he proceeds to lash her wrists to the 
appropriate bedposts at the head of the bed.  "Come on, this has 
gone far enough.  You're not going to get any response out of me if 
I'm mad at you."  "Yes, dear.  That's why your nipples are hard...
because you don't like this."  "Fuck you!"  "I intend to, love...I 
intend to."
     She frantically tries to pull her hands through, but his knots 
are stronger than her struggles.  As she fights against her fate, he 
just sits there and watches, grinning at her.  "O.K., you win. What 
now?" "For now, my dear, you must be quiet, or I will confine your 
pretty mouth as I did your luscious flesh." And he reaches down 
under the edge of the mattress once more and produces a blindfold.  
It is evident that he has prepared for this in advance, and she 
shivers in anticipation, hoping he won't see.  Vain hope indeed, for 
he does see and smiles again. Gently drawing her head up, he fastens 
the blindfold over her eyes and ties it behind her head. It is soft 
and not uncomfortable, but the whole idea and the situation is 
making her excited and nervous at the same time. She is not in 
control of the situation, and this throws her off balance.  Which 
is, of course, precisely his intent.
     She lies in her enforced darkness, feeling even more keenly the 
weight of his body on hers.  With her sight obstructed, every touch 
and every sound impresses itself on her senses with shattering 
effect.  As she feels his weight leave her, she shivers again.  The 
worst thing about being blindfolded is that she has no idea where he 
is going to strike next.  It seems she has waited hours, but it is 
only seconds, when she senses movement near her crotch.
     And then this exquisitely cruel master of her fate begins to 
slowly and carefully run his tongue up one side and down the other 
on the insides of her thighs.  As he finishes each run he blows 
across her moistened skin with a sadistic deliberation.  She cannot 
see him but she can hear him chuckle amusedly at each involuntary 
shudder.  A quiet moan escapes her lips before she can stop it; she 
doesn't want to give him the satisfaction but she can no longer help 
herself.  Her body belongs to him, just as it has since she mat him, 
although she didn't know it then.  She has no control over her 
reactions to him, but she still tries vainly to ignore his touch.
     The most frustrating thing is that each trip up her leg stops 
short before it reaches her genitals...she keeps expecting him to 
kiss and lick her there and he doesn't.  He just keeps on licking, 
blowing and chuckling his way up and down her thighs.  Now he starts 
doing it the entire length of her leg, all the while running his 
hands over her hips and down the outside of her legs.  So while his 
mouth is caressing the insides of her legs, his hands are caressing 
the outside, and he chuckles now more than ever, as she strains away 
from him and the tension builds inside her.  He knows that if he 
were to remove the blindfold she would be glaring at a face that she 
can no longer see, because at this point he knows that she would not 
be able to see her own hand in front of her face.
     Her body, though confined at wrists and ankles, still has 
enough freedom of movement to move up, down, and side to side, 
trying to escape him, but she cannot do it.  Her head turns back and 
forth and her breathing is starting to become quick and harsh.  
Judging correctly that she is in the most pleasurable agony, he 
decides that he should make it worse.  Oh, cruel, cruel man...he now 
moves to her wet and waiting aperture and traces his tongue ever so 
gently around and over, kissing once and then drawing away.  A 
murmur of disappointment escapes her as his lips leave her lower 
ones.  But softly and surely, he brings his hand and fingers and oh 
so lightly touches her, barely even letting his fingers brush one 
spot then he is at another.  He draws his fingers inside her and 
then out again, in and then out again, over and over again feeling 
her wetness and readiness for him.  She is squeezing around him, 
welcoming his hand, and her breath is labored.  Carefully observing 
her, he can see that she is incoherent and near the breaking point.
     At this time, he takes his hand out and straddles her once 
again, this time letting his weight on her even more as he prepares 
himself to enter her.  He is hard and ready, and he knows she is 
ready to receive him. Carefully, he lets himself be surrounded by 
her moist warmth and begins to rock back and forth upon her. 
Forward, back, forward, back...he can feel her tighten around him.  
He thrusts harder and harder, faster and faster, pushing her body 
into the mattress.  As he comes closer to his own release, he 
retains enough reason to start touching her again in his rocking, 
readying her for the end so they can experience it as one.  His 
panting is as hard as hers, as the strenuous movements and the 
feeling of her flesh welcoming him have their effects on his 
breathing and his heartrate.  Closer and closer they come, faster 
and faster they move.  She has no thoughts in her head except the 
tension and the feeling that she's going to explode and melt at the 
same time.  Suddenly, she does, gripping him even more tightly as 
the world goes black around her; as she loses all control and spasms 
and shudders in his arms; as he releases himself and holds her 
closely to him;  as her mind spins in a circle and multicolored 
starbursts flash behind her eyelids; as he grips her shoulders 
fiercely and pushes against her one last time.  As she lies back on 
the bed motionless, her breathing still rough but slowing; as he 
collapses on top of her, his heaviness welcome to her wet body; as 
they hold each other in a body hug that is not two bodies but 
one--not two souls but one; as their wet flesh rubs together and 
they lie there on the bed.
     And their lips meet again, not passionately but sweetly, 
drinking of each other's sweetness, sharing their joy and their 
happiness to be alive and in love, to be with the other forever in 
mind, body and soul.

--
