Archive-name: Bondage/erot1.txt
Archive-author: Amethyst
Archive-title: Bondage and Cream


     A woman stands in the plaza, a gust of wind curling its way
beneath her skirt and betwixt her strands of full dark hair.  The
setting sun wreathes her body in an aura of fire, delineating her
curves with light like the caress of an ethereal hand.  She gazes
off into the distance, dreaming of unknown journeys and
experiences.  Her flowing tresses emphasize the curve of her
uplifted head.
     A slow, deliberate pattern of footsteps echoes on the walls
of the buildings surrounding the plaza, apparently issuing from
all corners and from the focal sculpture in its center beside the
pensive woman.  The pattern preceding the echo becomes louder and
clearer as the unknown walker approaches the woman.
     The footsteps cease.  While the echoes rebound and slowly
fade, the newcomer reaches out his hands and places them gently
on the woman's shoulders.  For a moment, she flinches at his
touch, as if to draw away from an unwanted encounter.  But then
her muscles relax and her demeanor is calm; the touch is familiar
to her, as well known as the face associated indelibly in her
mind and heart with that touch.  Exerting a gentle but insistent
pressure, he turns her around to face him.  
     She turns in obedience to his tactile command, with no
resistance.  Although a mild man, he has a will of a strength to
rival the infrastructure of the skyscrapers that encircle them,
and she finds it politic to accede to his wishes, for now.  She
raises her eyes up to meet his above her, reveling in the sight
of his laughing eyes looking down on her.
     He wraps his arms around her and pulls her in for a
protracted and tight embrace.  She places her arms around his
waist, silently bemoaning yet again the substantial difference in
their heights.  He finally releases her partially and looks down
at her again.
     "I've missed you, love; more than I ever thought I would. 
It is so good to touch you and feel you again, and to hear your
voice."
     "I've missed you too, Bruce...both the aching ecstasy of
your stubborn, tender presence and the excruciating agony of your
misplaced wit.  I love you, you big, dumb jerk!!"
     "I think I love you too, love."
     "So now what?"
     "Now...let me see.......Aha!!!"
     And with that, he bent forward slightly and scooped her up
into his arms and proceeded with his deliberate pace across the
plaza.
     "What are you doing, you idiot? You'll get a hernia! Put me
down!"
     "Oh, and I thought you said you lost weight. So why would I
get a hernia, love?"
     "C'mon, Bruce, I'm too heavy."
     "No, you're not.  Besides, if I drop you, it's a long fall
for you, so I wouldn't argue with me if I were you."
     "You're impossible! Where are we going, anyway?"
     "Ah, but that's a surprise.  You'll see when we arrive at my
trysting place.  So just relax and enjoy the view."
     "Yeah; I have my own personal Sears Tower for a boyfriend."
     "Be quiet, dear, or I'll gag you."
     "(Very sarcastically) Oh, yes, beat me, beat me, make me
feel cheap."
     "Ah, but you should never tempt me so, Kerri-Ellen.  You
know you should never put ideas in my head."
     "Oh, I'm not putting anything in your head--you're more
devious than my son is!"  She looked up and became aware that
Bruce had entered the doorway of a building and was approaching a
bank of elevators.  "Will you put me down now? People are staring
at us!"
     "Are you ashamed of me, love?" he teased.
     "Of course not, but this is embarrassing!"
     "Soon, love, soon."
     A tone announced the arrival of their vertical carriage.  He
strode into the elevator still holding her aloft like a trophy to
his strength and endurance.
     "I feel ridiculous."
     "But my dear, don't you find this romantic?"
     "I'll give you romantic, Mr. Krafft!"
     "But don't you? Behind the embarrassment and the
foolishness? Aren't you flattered by the attention? Admit it,
love; you like it, don't you?"
     Silence answers his query. "Kerri...?"
     "O.K., I admit it--I love it.  But my pride and dignity
require me to protest your high-handed action."
     "AHA! I knew it!"  The elevator door opened and he proceeded
down the hallway.  Near the end, by a large picture window, he
stopped in front of a door.  "Guess what love."
     "What?"
     "I have to open the door."
     "So put me down."
     "I can't do that--it defeats the whole macho scenario. So I
guess I'll do this instead..." Adjusting his balance slightly, he
swung her up and over his shoulder, thus freeing up a hand with
which to extract the key and open the door.
     "Bruce!" she screeched at the loudest volume her protesting
diaphragm would allow. "PUT ME DOWN NOW!!!!!"
     "Now?"
     "NOW!!!"
     "Alright."  He flipped her over and flung her
unceremoniously onto the king-size bed just inside the door.
     Silenced by shock and by having the air driven violently out
of her by the impact, she merely glared at him, her chest heaving
gloriously in front of his appreciative eyes.  When she appeared
to have almost enough control to speak, he abruptly sat down on
her legs, pinned her wrists to the bedspread with his hands and
bent over.  He placed his lips firmly on hers and began kissing
her vigorously.
     After several minutes, during which she responded most
energetically, he raised his head up slightly and looked at her
face inquiringly. "Well?"
     She looked back up at him with a dazed, bemused expression
and murmured, "what took you so long?"
     "I wanted things just right; you're always complaining that
you don't get enough attention--not enough romance or surprises.
Surprise."
     "Bruce."
     "Yes, love?"
     "Shut up and kiss me again."
     "Certainly."  He shifted position to release her legs, and
pulled her up beside him in a sitting position.  Dropping a quick
light kiss on the top of her head, he cupped her chin in his hand
and turned her face upward toward his.  He put his arms around
her and began kissing her with intense determination.  She slowly
snaked her arms around his back and brought her leg up over his.
She pulled him hard against her as their tongues played tag in
their mouths and her foot started stroking up and down his thigh.
     As their kiss continued her hands moved about on his back,
pressing firmly and constantly against his flesh.  His right hand
moved up briefly to play with her hair and then moved down to the
nape of her neck.  He unhurriedly but deliberately began to unzip
the back of her dress, pulling the zipper down gently to below
her waist.  He brought both his hands to her shoulders and drew
her dress slowly off each shoulder in turn, moving each of his
hands gently over and round her soft rounded flesh as he did so.
     He drew the fabric down further so her dress pooled itself
around her on the bed.  Now her lacy black bra and half-slip were
reflected in his sparkling eyes.  He disengaged himself from her
moist warm lips and smiled at her.
     "God, it's been too long since you looked at me that way.  I
like it a lot."
     "Well, if I didn't like what I saw, I wouldn't be looking at
you 'that way.' Now lay down and close your eyes."
     "Must I?"
     "Yes, you must, but you'll like it. I promise."
     "Are you going to tie me up, blindfold me, and have me at
your mercy?"
     "Probably."
     "Good. Hurry up."
     "My, aren't we anxious? What's the hurry?"
     "Let me see... I'm so horny for you I could scream.  I'm
afraid you'll change your mind and not want to have sex with me.
I'm afraid we never will truly consummate this warped
relationship.  I have been aching for your exquisite expertise
since the last abortive attempt.  Enough reasons?  Now get on
with it!!!"
     She pulled off her bra and slip slowly in front of him and
slipped off her black hose and panties.  The darkness passing
over her pale skin then made its way to the floor at the side of
the bed.  Then she arranged her nude body on the bed prone as he
had instructed and closed her eyes.  Very shortly, she felt him
fastening something around her wrists and ankles.  Although
fighting is half the fun, she kept her limbs limp and cooperative
to keep the action moving along and to find out what he had in
mind. She badly wanted to open her eyes and look at him, but she
kept her eyes closed anyway.  He drew her arms and legs out and
secured her to the bedposts.  Then she felt his weight lift off
the bed.
     "Where are you going?"
     "Over to the side here... I need a few things. Promise you
won't fight me yet?"
     "Bruce, I'd go along with anything, as long as you start
doing something!"
     "O.K., but remember you said it, and don't go back on your
word."
     "Bruce, what do you have in mind? Maybe I don't want to go
along with you..."
     "Nothing truly awful love.  Relax and enjoy it."
     She felt his breath on her face as he bent over her.  He put
something dark and soft over eyes and then tied it behind her
head.  Then there was no more light filtering through her closed
eyelids.
     "Guess what else I have, love."
     "If you remembered, earplugs or headphones."
     "Right; what else?"
     "I don't know--what?"
     He placed earplugs gently in her ears, but whispered three
words gently in the second ear before he blocked off all sound.
"Cold whipped cream."
     And as she opened her mouth to scream at him, he swiftly
inserted a gag in her mouth, chuckling to himself at the tense
outrage echoed in her imprisoned body.  Incoherent noises issued
from behind the gag.
     Then he sat back on the bed beside her and waited, watching
her and letting her simmer.  First she would be furious.  Then,
after awhile, she might think he was kidding and relax.  Then she
would wonder exactly what he did have in mind and why he wasn't
doing it.  Her effective sensory deprivation would be magnifying
everything out of proportion.
     When he judged she had been thrown sufficiently off balance,
he shook up the can of whipped cream he had kept in an ice-cold
refrigerator until just then.  He drew a whipped cream line from
the hollow at the base of her throat down between her breasts
over her abdomen and down to the top of her dark curly forest. 
Then he drew a line up from her right ankle up her inner leg and
thigh to the top of her leg, following this with the same
progress up her left leg. She knew where he was playing artist
because the icy sensations traveling her neural pathways to her
brain left her in no doubt. She shivered, but she couldn't be
certain how much was from cold and how much was excitement and
arousal.  Suddenly she emitted a highly muffled scream as he
sprayed a mound of chilled cream on and around her clit and
everything connected with it.  She was shivering constantly now. 
     He started to replace the cold lines with warm wetness as he
began to lick up and swallow the whipped cream with an agonizing
slowness, in the same order that he had laid it down on her
waiting flesh.  Now the muffled sound resembled a moan from deep
in her throat and her head tossed from side to side.
     That moan issued from deep within; a guttural cry from her
diaphragm.  As he reached the end of his whipped cream and her
mind overloaded with sensation, he lovingly traced around and
over her aroused flesh with his talented tongue, pausing
occasionally to spit out a few errant tendrils of hair that had
somehow made their way into his busy mouth.
     He lightly brushed his hands along the sides of her body. 
Her eyes nearly rolled back in her head underneath her blindfold-
-he had her at such a fever pitch of intensity she thought she
would scream with every caress of hand or tongue.  Suddenly, he
stopped and relaxed a moment, thus allowing her a moment to
likewise relax, not that she truly could.
     He reached up and untied her right hand and, grasping it,
brought it over above her head to her left hand; then he tied her
two hands together at her wrists.  Once that was done, he untied
her left hand from the bedpost.  He untied her legs altogether,
drew her up to a sitting position, and guided both her arms over
his head so her arms encircled him.  Thus, he ensured she would
not easily be able to remove her blindfold or earplugs but would
still have some freedom of movement. He liked the idea of having
sex with her while she still could not see or hear him.
     Then he removed the gag but placed a finger gently on her
lips to indicate his desire for silence. He drew her head close
to his and brought their lips together.  She was frenetically
serious in response, pressing against his lips with far more
energy than he had expected, given the level of arousal she must
be at.  Her hands struggled in their awkward situation enough to
allow her fingers access to the back of his neck in deliberate
circular or random patterns, both light and insistent.
     Their lips broke apart, and her tongue began tracing its
blind way over his face--up the curve of his cheek and over to
his ear, tracing hotly and moistly over and around his earlobe,
her breath wafting deliberately into his ear.  Her teeth grasped
his earlobe gently and worried it back and forth slightly.  He
closed his eyes for a moment, opened them, and guided her head
back around to face his.
     He started kissing her again intently, bruising her lips
beneath his, and curved one hand over her head, tangling his
fingers in her soft hair.  As he did so, he put his other hand
behind her back to support her as he slowly lowered her back down
to lie on the bed, straining her arms to their full length
because they were still locked behind his neck.
     He brought her hands forward, adjusted his position and
carefully entered her.  He began thrusting slowly, allowing his
motion to gradually pick up speed.  When he was thrusting
regularly but not yet quickly, he began to increase his force,
pushing himself harder and deeper inside her with each attack. 
He started to push as hard as he could, with increasing speed.
     With every movement, he rammed himself farther and harder
within her enveloping flesh.  He felt her muscles tighten around
him in relatively close synchronization with his forceful
actions.  His body pushed against her body and pinned her to the
bed beneath them.  As his force increased, his speed also
increased until there seemed no time between movements and it all
seemed one continuous dance, forward and back repeatedly.
     Drops of his perspiration rolled from him and landed on her
flushed skin.  It seemed he had reached the pinnacle of his
abilities; that he could not move any faster or thrust any
deeper.  He moved without intervals; one would say without
stopping to breathe, except his breath was ragged and audible to
him, and to her if she could only hear it. Abruptly, he stopped
after one last drawn out push inside her. His breath sighed
quietly from between his lips.  He put his moisture-laden arms
around her and hugged her, bending down to kiss her softly on her
lips.  After his lips had drawn away from hers, he put his finger
on them as he had done before, so she might understand not to
speak just yet. He disengaged himself from her and lay next to
her for a moment.
     He reached out and brushed his hand over the tiny hairs on
her leg, feeling her shudder beneath him as he did so.  Now it
was to be her turn to gasp and sigh.  He raised himself up and
positioned his body over hers to give the greatest access to
every part of her taut and glistening wet flesh.  He began to run
his hands up and down her body very very lightly, touching
everywhere from her nose to her nipples to her knees.  After he
had been doing this for about twenty minutes, she had passed
beyond the shuddering and shaking point and could only lie there
beneath his expert fingers, unable to move her passion-imprisoned
body even within the confines of her bondage.
     It gave him an enormous feeling of power, to be able to
strip from her every vestige of consciousness and free will.  Not
that he intended to stop here, of course...she had merely tasted
the beginning of his exquisite torture.  He bent over her body
more closely and began a long, hot, moist and wicked tongue bath.
     He started on her face and around the sides of it to her
ears, spending a long time caressing her ears and earlobes with
his warm pink tongue and blowing hotly into her ears, feeling her
body shudder uncontrollably beneath him as he blew. As he moved
down to her neck under her chin she very slowly, almost
imperceptibly arched her head back...almost as if she were a rag
doll only partially brought to life.
     He continued on his path down her goosebumped skin, tracing
around and over her breasts, sucking long and lovingly on her
large dark nipples which came up readily to meet him.  He very
gently nibbled them with his teeth and moved on, over her abdomen
and hips, down, down, ...  down to her toes and then up.
     He paid equal attention to each leg alternately, moving up
slowly to her knees, and then tilting his head down to make her
shudder and shiver again as he made hot wet love to her inner
thighs, oh so slowly; holding her legs down with his hands so she
could not turn away from his instrument of torture.
     Slowly, again very slowly, he came up her thighs to the spot
he knew she had been silently begging him to reach for the last
hour, but all she was able to do was gasp and catch her breath; 
she could not move, could not speak.  Every nonthought in her
passion-clouded mind, every involuntary twitch of her stimulated
nerve endings, every nonresponse of her treacherous
muscles...they all belonged to him, as did she so long as he
desired her to.  
     He began to lick and suck at her raised sensitive flesh,
drawing his tongue over so lightly and repeatedly, sucking at her
moist twitching tissue below him, feeling her trying to twist
away, but prevented by his body and by her own betraying body. As
he kept sucking and caressing her with his warm wetness, the
stars began to whirl and spin in her head behind her eyes.  She
felt the tension escalate to an unbelievable point and then
everything melted inside her to an unbearable moment of weakness,
with her mind swirling and spinning among her inner stars. Then
her body began to twitch and shake uncontrollably at every
tiniest agonizing caress of any sort.
     Recognizing his success, he ceased his most wondrous torture
and enfolded her again in his arms for a hug, holding her firmly
until her body had calmed itself and it was no longer twitching
and shuddering beneath him. He kissed her again, loving her with
his tongue to hers slowly and sweetly. Then he untied her and
removed all sensory barriers, covering her with his body while
the two of them fell into slumber together.

--
