Archive-name: Casual/erotammy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Erotic Adventures of Tammy


They were out of instant pudding mix.  She shrugged her shoulders and
began walking out of the store.  But a cute hunk of a checker
caught her eye at checkstand 4.  She sauntered over, deftly snapping
up a pack of Juicy Fruits out of the rack along the way.  She gingerly
placed the pack down on his conveyor belt and it inexorably rolled up
to his waist.

He looked up as she did and their eyes held each other just a little
too long, self-consciously.  He smiled at her and she felt a little
embarassed.  So she looked down and smiled, brushing the bangs out
of her eyes as she looked up again.

He turned his attention to the pack of Juicy Fruits.  As he picked
it up and swiped it across the barcode reader, she could see his
rather muscular hand ever so gently squeezing the pack.  She then
pretended the totals display was the center of her attention by looking
up at it, but she could care less how much the cost was.  She could
feel him pretending not to watch her, and her cheeks flushed red with
that knowledge.  As the numbers flashed on the display, she reached
into the back pocket of her tight-fitting jeans and pulled out her
coin purse.

She then noticed that he was standing there absentmindedly gripping
the pack with his thumb and forefinger of his right hand, moving it
up and down the pack, smoothing out the slight crease he had put in it.
She had become somewhat mezmerized by this motion he was making; he
noticed her interest.  She shook her head a little to snap herself
out of it.

As she handed over the coins and withdrew her hand, her fingernails
brushed against the palm of his hand.  This was partly accidental, partly
her intention.  His hand trembled a little with this exquisite sensation.
He handed back her change and the receipt and made sure his fingertips
brushed the inside of her upturned palm, too.  Her face broke into a
wide smile as he did this, and she bit her lower lip to try to hide her
smile at this gesture.

She turned to leave and just as abruptly turned back around holding the
pack and said, "Do you want a stick?"  At first, he wasn't sure if he
had heard her correctly.  Then he smiled and said, "Yeah, sure".  There
was no one else in line.

At first she had problems starting the pull-tear that would uncap the
pack.  He noticed her difficulty and said, "Here, let me help."  He
reached over and held her hand holding the pack and used his other
hand to start the tear-cord.  She noticed his hand over hers was so
much bigger than her own, but it was warm and soft.  She had leaned
over toward him during this operation, intently watching him pick at
the tear-cord, and the ends of her soft hair were dancing on his forearm
sending warm sensuous waves through his neck and shoulders.  He could
smell a wonderful fragrance around her, of clean soap and lilacs.  He
wondered what it would be like to nuzzle the back of her ear.

He withdrew a stick and handed it to her.  Then he took one for himself.
At that moment, he realized that he was still holding her hand, and he
let his fingertips "accidentally" glide down the back of her hand as his
hand fell away.  He popped the stick in his mouth and began chewing.
She did the same.  She stuffed the pack into the pocket of her jeans;
he noticed how tight they were.

She smiled and said thanks and out of shyness again started to walk
away.  He smiled and watched her as she left and said, "Come by again
anytime you need help opening something up."

--
