               .. Note: this story may or may not include sex, bondage, discipline, and   .
.. other alternative forms of sexual expression.  If the presence, or lack .
.. of, a particular topic is likely to offend you, hit `n' right now, and  .
.. save yourself the trouble of typing a complaint, and me the trouble of  .
.. tossing your selfish, narrow-minded flame in the bit-bucket.            .
..                                                                         . 
.. Level headed discussion, and criticism is always welcome.               .
.............................. cut here ....................................

 Author's Note: The inspiration for this story came out of a net 
conversation with Young Rob Jellinghouse.  I owe many of the ideas in
this and other stories to a host of other friends and patient fans
including: William Blanton Smith, Dora Gyn, Rich H, Tony Kidson, David
Anthony Robson, Lance Spangler, Crystal Linn Trexler, Tom Yates, 
Avianna Chao, and others too numerous to mention.  Thanks, you guys.





                               The ShapeShifter
 more [q=quit]                                                      by
                                 Bill Lemieux

                                   Part 1

 Lieutenant Mona Binax stood nervously outside Lounge 3, shifting 
nervously from one stiletto heel the other, while desire and
apprehension warred within her.  The note left on her commdeck had been
short and to the point: "Qet wants you.  I have agreed.  Be in Lounge
three, Deck 17, at 1900 hours."  

 Mona had read the note three times, hardly believing the words.  Riki
was "loaning" her to another, and a famous Shapeshifter at that!  She 
thought back on the last year and a half spent with Riki, her lover, 
mistress, and reason for living.  She knew she was stalling, but she 
knew too, that no matter how long she delayed in the hallway, 
eventually she would go in, and perform as ordered, as bravely as
possible.  

 Mona wouldn't dream of displeasing Riki by disobeying her orders.  She
had been Riki's slave for over a year, but more importantly, she was in
 more [q=quit]                love.

 Although she was Chief of Logistics for the entire space station, 
and despite the tough, professional facade she showed to her superiors 
and the people under her command, she was completely submissive to her
lover, Riki.  

 She had met Riki at Dining Out, one of those insufferable social 
functions which her rank demanded she attend.  Riki had been the escort 
of a visiting dignitary, and had made quite a splash in the stations
social circles by showing up in a long and very tight evening dress of 
red patent leather.  But throughout the party she had flirted shamelessly
with Mona, completely neglecting her official date.  Mona certainly 
didn't mind, and eventually she figured out that Riki's VIP escort was
just for show- Riki was cruising for someone very different, someone
submissive... someone like Mona.

 When the VIP liner left the station, Riki stayed behind, having fallen 
hard for Mona.  She had no visible means of support, but Mona learned 
that she was retired, having made a fortune dominating wealthy 
industrialists and even Co-Dominium officers.  Within a week she had 
 more [q=quit]                seduced Mona, introducing her to new frontiers of sexual pleasure, 
fetishes, and servitude.  In another two weeks they had moved in together,
and three months after that, they had married. 

 A passing officer snapped her awareness back to the present. She 
shifted uncomfortably in her restrictive outfit, putting off her 
entrance until the last possible second.  The elaborate clothing was sure 
to make a stir in there, she thought.  Riki's tastes in fashions and the
bodies inside them were not only fetishistic, they ran to the bizarre. 
But Mona seldom gave that a thought.  Their fetishes and their games 
brought both of them such pleasure, Mona was only too happy to comply with
her lover's desires, even if she hadn't shared all of them at first.

 Riki's note had been accompanied by a list of what she wanted Mona to
wear to the lounge.  The list had started with a restrictive skin tight 
jumpsuit with a built in corset, panty girdle and brassiere, and a high 
neck.  Riki called the stretchy, mirror-smooth material "rubbertex", and
it's polished surface gleamed as if made from chrome.  It's shining 
appearance acted as a mnemonic, triggering memories of the earlier days
of their relationship, and her intense curiosity about Riki's tastes. 

 more [q=quit]                 Mona had already had an interest in corseting, a very ancient fashion
and fetish that was unheard of in today's world, where body modifications
were commonplace, and could grant the vain whatever figure one desired 
without discomfort.  Riki told her later that she had recognized a fellow
fetishist when she had realized Mona was wearing a corset under her 
dramatically tailored uniform at the dinner party.  Later, the station's 
library had told Mona that Riki's fetish was an ancient one, but Mona soon
learned to appreciate it's aesthetic appeal, as well as the wonderful 
feelings induced by the stretchy, restrictive material.  Rubber fetishism 
had originated with natural latex rubber, the computer told her, although 
she knew that Riki's rubbertex was a synthetic with more in common with 
the new organic metal alloys than with latex.  It was far more elastic and
much stronger than natural rubber, which she herself had never actually 
seen, and wasn't likely to.

 Riki was very fond of rubber, at least on her slave.  She herself also
wore leather fairly often, but forbade it to her slave, probably to
protect her from any possible legal entanglements.  Her leather was not a
synthetic like most people wore, but real animal hide that she obtained 
from some off-station grey market contact.  Her favorite colors were red, 
black, white and metallics, and she delighted in flaunting her 
 more [q=quit]                unconventional fashions at the more conservative members of station 
society.

 The jumpsuit which Mona wore today included a very tight corset 
section from hips to breasts, which was stiffened thoroughly with hull-
metal boning, light, thin, and very stiff.  Corsets, while an anachronism,
were actually enjoying a renaissance among the more decadent and vain 
members of Co-Dominium society, despite the advent of faster and more 
comfortable medical techniques which could deliver the same look safely,
and without discomfort.  But a few had asked Mona about her chosen figure,
and her erect posture and swaying gate when off duty.  Apparently, some of
those had experimented, and found the compression and stiffness of the 
ancient fetish an entertaining novelty in this post-modern universe of 
ease and comfort.

 Mona's thoughts moved up to the day when Riki had first talked about body
mods with her.  It turned out that she was one of those people who chose 
to live on the edges of societal standards, and now Mona had joined her 
there.  Like so many others, Mona had already taken advantage of a little 
of what the body shops had to offer, but Riki had more radical tastes, and
with very little effort, she had persuaded Mona to undergo a host of 
 more [q=quit]                extensive body mod.  The first had been inspired by Mona's corseting, 
which was a new experience even for the decadent Riki.  It was merely the
removal of Mona's two lowest ribs and a dramatic narrowing of her natural 
waist, yet Mona was no less uncomfortable the incredibly tiny corset 
section of today's garment, since it had been made for her only a few days
ago. 
 

 Riki had showed her a graphic of an ancient Victorian Age woman, who's
foundation garment gave her an astounding hourglass figure.

"Your waist is already small, lover," Riki had said, "but think what a 
stunning figure you would possess with a waist like that!  You know, I'd
love to be able to reach my hands around you..." 

 Instead of the usual hooked busk, the corset in her jumpsuit made use of
flexible magnetic fastener strips similar to the ones in her uniform.  The
tabs in the corset however, as in most of the clothing Riki had made for 
her, were far more powerful, and could be selectively polarized by a hand-
held wand.  They were quite impossible to open without it- Mona had tried,
more than once.  Instead of laces, it utilized one-way ratchets of very 
 more [q=quit]                thin hullmetal embedded in the rubber.  They had to be mechanically 
tightened with a tool in their bedroom before the latches would meet.  
With the latches closed, her waist measured just 38cm around.  Just as she
had fantasized, Riki could now make her fingertips meet when she closed her
hands about Mona's waist.  

 The corset suit also featured a rough texture within the form fitted 
breast cups, with a few small bumps molded in just for fun and even larger
rubber warts at strategic places in the crotch.  As if this weren't
enough, Riki had ordered her to slather lubricating jelly all over the 
inside of the garment, so that with every step or turn, its surface slid 
across Mona's breasts and between her labia, with very distracting results.
Mona found that she was hard pressed to stand up, let along walk without
wobbling!

 The next items on Riki's list had been thigh high boots of the same 
stretchy material, equipped with heels over 15cm tall.  They molded 
tightly to her legs, were pulled up over the legs of her panty girdle, and
were fastened by more of the same magnetic strips around the tops of 
the girdle legs.     

 more [q=quit]                 As so often happened, she'd got a serious case of the hornies about half
way through getting dressed, and her faintly throbbing sex had been slowly
but steadily adding to the moisture inside the already damp and slippery 
jumpsuit.   To make matters worse, she had on impulse, slathered herself
and the inside of the suit with their favorite lubricant.  She was already
regretting that act, as the tight material slithered across her skin with
every movement, as she continued to dress.  She was grateful that Riki 
hadn't seen fit to include any mechanical or electronic devices today, and
that the material as well as the seams where he boots overlapped, was 
waterproof.

 Riki had quite an arsenal of custom made toys.  Some were painful, and
others delivered very pleasurable sensations indeed!  Many were custom 
made to fit some part of Mona's anatomy, or to attach to one of her myriad
body piercings.  It was fortunate for her that modern medicine had made
them as fast, safe and relatively easy as her other body mods.  

 Besides the dramatically reduced waist, Riki had talked her mate into 
several other exotic changes, and while they must have cost a fortune, she
never once discussed the prices.  

 more [q=quit]                 Mona had debated with herself about a drastic breast enlargement for a
long time, having experimented with several shapes and sizes over the 
years.  With Riki's enthusiastic urging, she actually went overboard. 

 Where before, she had been moderately small in the bust, she now sported
breasts better suited to a Phirnadan.  They were so large that all of her
uniforms had to be custom tailored.  When her somewhat amazed seamstress 
measured her, her new bust line was 152cm, and her cup was a EE!  They were
improbably high, firm, and round for a human, and at first she thought, 
entirely too large for her smaller frame, but she had gradually got used 
to them, as they provided endless entertainment for both Mona and her 
mistress, (not the least of which were the occasional stupified stares of 
clueless humans).  In her research, she had read about the primitive early 
methods for achieving the same results and had been horrified at the 
complications that so often resulted.  Not for the last time, she was 
grateful that the body shops were able to grant her body the features she 
wanted, more or less naturally. 

 But Riki hadn't been satisfied.  She wanted Mona's body to be turned into
a plaything, a toy for their mutual amusement.  As the two lovers had
grown closer, and their desire for more exotic and bizarre entertainment
 more [q=quit]                increased, Mona found herself submerging in Riki's tide of fetishistic
lust, until there was almost nothing she would deny her lover.

 Mona's nipples had been enlarged and extended until they were roughly two 
cm. in diameter, and three cm. long when erect.  They were pierced near
the base and the holes had been stretched, enabling her to take large 
rings, weights or other toys.  They had been sensitive enough before, Mona
thought, but after the piercings, they were very sensitive indeed, such 
that she routinely wore bandages over them when in uniform, to keep from
being distracted during her shift.

 Since her earlobes were another of Mona's favorite erogenous zones, Riki
had had them enlarged enough to allow large piercings as well, and Mona 
often wore as she did today, fat rings which she could suspend various
weights from.  Today she had opted for a pair of heavy 5cm steel balls,
anodized bright blue.  

 One of her own ideas was to have her clitoris and labia pierced as well.
 Riki had agreed with almost pathetic eagerness, although she had insisted
on having Mona's clit enlarged radically first.  Mona had requested, and 
been granted, five small piercings down each minor labia, and six larger 
 more [q=quit]                holes in the major labia.  

 Before long, they found that Mona couldn't quite handle some of Riki's 
larger toys, or her hand, something that Mona desperately wanted to 
experience, so Riki had Mona's anal and vaginal muscles stretched and then
strengthened with electronic exercisers in her sleep.  (It had felt so 
good, she remembered, that she had had to resort to artificial sleep 
induction during the eight days she had endured the process.)  Later, Riki
had introduced her to the joys of fisting, and Mona had to admit that her
more accommodating passages were a positive addition.

 She had large piercings in her nasal septum and her tongue.  Her tongue
itself was a work of art, in fact- it had been lengthened dramatically, 
and had muscles added, allowing her to extend it almost 15 cm from her 
mouth, like a Frint.  They had had that done during an extended leave, 
since it had required some internal modifications to her skull and jaw 
(which she didn't like to think about) and had necessitated a spot of 
speech therapy before she could speak clearly again.

 Even the tongue mod had not been enough to satisfy Riki's extreme tastes.

 more [q=quit]                 Mona's gag reflex was now for the most part disabled, although she found
she could summon it voluntarily to keep from choking.  She wondered about
this until much later when Riki ordered her to service two male friends of
hers, a task which Mona was now quite overqualified for. 

 At first, she almost rebelled, but after she relented, she found to her 
surprise that she could enjoy sex with men as well- their bodies were just
bodies after all, and there were ways to enjoy them that were different 
from, neither better nor worse than, women's.  She had thought she was 
strictly lesbian, but with Riki's understanding help and contagious good 
natured obsession with sex, she discovered herself to be bisexual instead,
although she still insisted that she was a dyke first.
It during that same incident that she found out that her mistress enjoyed 
watching her slave service other people.   

 She found another reason for her lack of a gag reflex when Riki decided
to immobilize her, taking control of all her bodily functions for 24 
hours.  That included eating, which was performed through a tube snaked 
into her stomach, and elimination, via catheters.  She also experienced
her first enema that day, and to her surprise, nearly had an orgasm from
it.  At the start of that day, she had been unimpressed with her physical 
 more [q=quit]                helplessness, her dependency on Riki for simple body functions, but she
soon became a little aroused by this idea, yet another way to surrender
control, and the idea of being threaded, pierced, and penetrated in every
way possible, became an increasingly arousing game for them.  

 And THAT had led Riki to seek out and negotiate today's scene with the 
Shapeshifter, Qet.

 Riki wasn't fond of hair, keeping her own red locks cut raffishly short,
so Mona's entire body was now permanently hairless.  She routinely wore
wigs while on duty, to prevent her being mistaken for a Deltan, who were 
constantly being propositioned and pestered, due to their well-known 
reputations for sexual expertise.

 In short, Mona had gradually been turned into Riki's image of an 
idealized, customized, sex object.  And she found herself loving it.

 The third item on the dressing list had been long gloves in the same 
tight, mirrorlike material, which fastened to her jumpsuit at the 
shoulder.  The gloves had been custom made for her by one of Riki's many 
technical friends, and had "memory metal" splints molded into the 
 more [q=quit]                forearms, wrists, palms, and fingers.  Once they were put on, she pressed 
a small stud at the back of each wrist, which stiffened the splints,  
making it impossible to bend her wrists or flex her hands or fingers.

 The last item on the list was new to her, and incongruous with the rest.
 Made from transparent plastic in a neutral grey color, the material was 
cut in a very loose jumpsuit pattern, yet with snug fitting cuffs at the 
collar, each wrist, and the ankles.  When she moved to put it on over her
other clothes, a loud slithering rustle came from the material, and 
continued  with each and every movement.  With her nearly useless hands, 
she had considerable difficulty with it, but fortunately, it had normal 
closures, and she eventually got it on and closed.  Once donned, the loose
cut evoked slipping and sliding noises every time she moved any part of 
her body, and the transparent plastic showed very clearly what she wore 
underneath.  At least now it appeared more or less tasteful, with the 
slightly darker material over her corset-jumper.  Mona had been appalled,
none the less.

 The walk to the lounge had been heaven and hell, as she tried 
desperately not to gasp or otherwise reveal her intense arousal to the 
passing residents and crew.  Her skin tingled with energy, and each 
 more [q=quit]                movement of her limbs felt like a kind of subtle massage, sending waves of
pleasure through her.  More than once, she had sagged against a bulkhead 
or the wall of a crowded elevator as she grimly suppressed the signs of her
arousal, and more than once, concerned bystanders had asked if she was
all right.  
 
 Now, in the corridor outside the lounge, she looked over every surface, 
making sure it met Riki's criteria of "shiny, tight & tidy".  Each item 
she wore today was as shiny as chrome with a texture so smooth and 
reflective it looked like real metal, with the exception that it was
flexible and elastic.  Each had been polished until it reflected an image
like a mirror.  The rubberlike material fit tightly, and without 
wrinkles, making her look more like an old-fashioned humanoid robot than 
a person.  She pronounced herself ready for inspection, took a deep 
breath, and walked toward the door.  

 It slid open.  Immediately on the other side of it was the largest and 
most fearsome looking Felynx she had ever seen.  He bared his fangs and 
glared at her before pushing past and moving off down the corridor, 
flexing his claws and growling under his breath.

 more [q=quit]                 When she realized that his bad mood wasn't directed at her, she heaved a 
sigh of relief and looked around the room.  Riki was sitting at a table 
only a few meters away, sipping on something tall and cold, and smiling in
her direction.  She headed over, waited for Riki's nod, and sat down.

 Riki grinned around the rim of her glass.  "You look good enough to eat, 
lover.  How do you feel?"

 "You ought to know how I feel!" hissed Mona desperately, "I nearly came
just from walking down the hall!"

 "Good," replied Riki in an infuriatingly calm tone, "It will help you get
in the mood.  Do you want a drink or something to calm you down?"

 "Um, I don't think so.  I want to be clear headed when I meet him, ahh,
it, er whatever... I don't want anything to muddle my head.  Does that
make sense?"

 "Actually yes, perfect sense.  For a change.  But enough chit-chat.
Qet is waiting for you.  Are you ready?"

 more [q=quit]                 Mona took the hint and looked down.  "Yes, mistress.  Where is he?" 

 "Not here, the station news people have been hounding him ever since he
arrived.  I've reserved Gymnasium 2 for a ah, private workout, so you 
won't be disturbed.  Qet will be waiting there."

 Mona took a deep breath.  "Yes, mistress."

 "One more thing."

 "Yes Mistress?"

 "He probably won't look at all like what you've seen in the news media.
You should be prepared for anything."  She looked at the watch dial implant 
under her thumbnail.  "Now scoot- you don't want to be late."

 Mona scooted, walking as fast as her teetering stilettos would allow her
and thinking about that last warning.  She tried to imagine what form he
might take, and what he might wish to do with her... or more importantly,
TO her.  Her imagination failed her. 

 more [q=quit]                 She hurried along, fearing a reprisal for being late, and wanting 
desperately to make her mistress happy, yet having a very real difficulty 
staying upright as the lubricant made every slithering motion of both her 
tight corselet and the loose flowing jumpsuit into a lovers caress.  She 
fought to keep control.  She couldn't fail.  In Riki, she had found a new 
meaning of life- her lover and mistress had come to fill her entire being,
to occupy almost all her waking thoughts, such that she had to consciously
push her from her mind before she went on duty.  

 But for the next twenty four hours she was off duty, and she was only too 
happy to be able to please her lover.  The more so, since things that 
pleased Riki were more often than not, thoroughly enjoyable for Mona as 
well..

 She arrived at Gymnasium 2 and looked around.  There were a few passers-
by, but no one seemed to think her mode of dress worthy of a second 
glance, despite the fact that she felt nearly naked in her revealing 
outfit. 

 She paused long enough to offer a silent prayer to anybody who might be
listening that the being on the other side of the door would not be too
 more [q=quit]                frightening, would not be too deranged, or twisted much farther than she
was, that it (he?) would leave her in more or less the same condition 
that he (it?) would find her in.

 She looked around the corridor again, feeling almost like a criminal.
There was no one around.  She approached the door, let it slide open in
front of her, and walked in, her pulse pounding in her ears.

 The gymnastics room looked empty, with the exception of the usual 
features: pads on the floors and walls, racks and hardware and other 
implements on the ceiling, walls, and floor.  The entire room was 
furnished in white, including the padding.  The ceiling was about at least
5 meters high, and scattered about the room were various pieces of 
equipment including a vaulting horse, rings, parallel bars, and so on.  
One wall was apparently set up for dance, with a full-height mirror and a 
handrail running the length of the wall.  There was no one else visible.

  There was a chair just inside the door, and a note on the chair.  
She picked it up.

 `Disrobe completely, then stand in the center of the room.'  
 more [q=quit]                
 She was wondering how she was expected to open the catches on her 
clothing when she noticed the polarizing wand lying under the chair.
  
 That presented a further difficulty, since she could hardly pick it up 
with her helplessly confined hands.  Eventually, she managed to clamp the
wand between her jutting breasts, while compressing them with her upper 
arms, and poke at the glove switches with the end of the wand.  Once her 
arms and hands were free, the rest was relatively easy.
 
 After removing the rustling plastic jumpsuit, she used the wand to 
release her gloves and boots.  When she used it to unlatch the corselet, 
it nearly flew off her from the tension, forcing a gasp out of her as the 
pressure on her abdomen was suddenly relieved.  She was nude now, but she
hesitated before moving away from the door.  She still could see no one 
else.  Perhaps Qet had had a change of heart?  She took a few tentative 
steps toward the center of the gym.

 "Qet?" she called out. 

 There was no answer.  She stood shivering a moment, before realizing it 
 more [q=quit]                was fear, and not the comfortably warm room that made her quake.  A gobbet
of the lubricating jelly, now mixed with sweat and her own lubricant, slid
down the inside of one thigh, distracting her for a moment.

 She walked to the center of the room.  There was nothing there but a 
shiny black platform, like a dais, no more than 15 cm tall, standing out 
starkly against the clean white decor of the room.  It was obviously 
intended for her.  She stepped onto it, her heart beating hard again, but 
determined to overcome her fear.  Where was he?  

 The room was silent, yet she sensed a tension in the air.  What the hell 
was going on here?  She stood peering around the room, gradually getting 
braver.  

 "Qet?  Qet!  Come on out!  No fair hiding!  Come out and play!"

 A low laugh close behind her made her jump, but she managed to stifle 
the tiny scream that had threatened to emerge.  Twisting to turn around, 
she found that her feet were stuck to the floor somehow.  She looked down
and saw that the black platform had changed.  To her astonishment, it had
flowed over and around her bare feet, encasing them, fastening them to the
 more [q=quit]                floor.  Now she realized her mistake- she had been STANDING on Qet's body!
The erstwhile platform had a mouth.  That was all- no face, just a 
humanoid mouth formed out of the shiny black material.  Could this glossy 
smooth and ebony material really be his body?

                                             ...to be continued

[RET] 15245-15380, Q)uit: 