                       EVA'S LESSON

                         by JLW

     Damien's alarm system was expensive and elaborate; the
brochure boasted it was the best in the home security field.
     Eva disarmed it in less than twenty minutes.
     Twenty minutes of cold sweat and thrumming pulse, but still,
a mere twenty minutes.  She allowed herself a smug smile as she
picked up her dance bag and slipped into the huge stucco monster
Damien called home.
     Her penlight throwing a tiny spot of illumination, Eva
padded through the darkened foyer in her expensive aerobic shoes,
her thin, black lycra bodysuit feeling as tight and comfortable
as her own skin.  Dark hair whispered against her shoulder blades
as she moved, a delicious sensation she didn't allow herself to
savor.
     Negotiating the living room on the balls of her feet, Eva
threaded her way deftly around the furniture as she headed for
the winding stairway.  As she went, she directed a fond smile
toward the huge, angular shadow that was a familiar couch.  It
had been difficult to remember she was supposed to be casing the
place as she'd sprawled on that couch last night, Damien's clever
tongue circling her nipples.  Eva had longed to let him do a lot
more than that, but she'd resisted the temptation.  Much to
Damien's chagrin.
     Still smiling at the memory, Eva moved quickly up the
stairs, then down the long hallway at the top of them.  She
didn't even glance into the imposing glass-and-chrome office she
passed, or at the Monet that concealed the wall safe.  That was
the decoy, Eva knew.  The real safe was in the bedroom, inset
into the floor, a comfortable armchair parked over it.
     Click.
     Eva froze, one foot hovering above the thick pile carpeting,
almost gagging on her own heart in fright.  She waited and
listened, mouth gone dry, but the sound didn't come again.
Finally deciding that the click had just been one of those random
sounds big houses make, Eva took a deep breath--her first in
almost a minute--and went on.
     Having determined the sound was harmless, she let herself
enjoy the lingering sting fear had left in her blood.  She was
doing this for the adrenalin rush, after all; a heiress to a
billion dollar newspaper empire hardly needed to hock a lover's
stolen jewelry.
     Damien was only the most recent in a string of wealthy bored
bachelors Eva had merrily ripped off in the past few months.  He
was also the only one she regretted; the others had all been as
thoughtless and spoiled as boys, interested in nothing but stock
quotations or polo or getting laid.  And not a decent lover in
the bunch.
     No, that wasn't exactly true.  There'd been Garrett Byrne,
her fifth target, the owner of that multi-million dollar security
firm.  Sheer ego had motivated Eva's attack on Garrett's personal
security; the media called him "a modern Sherlock Holmes," and
she'd longed to test her wits against his.
     But Garrett proved to be a very nice man, and Eva had deeply
regretted the whole affair.  So much so, in fact, that she'd
anonymously returned her loot.  In retrospect, it seemed like
such a good idea Eva had decided to return everything else she
took, as well.  It was the excitement that motivated her, after
all.
     So, she told her conscience as she slipped into the master
bedroom, Damien would get his diamonds back.
     Going quickly to the armchair, Eva pulled it a couple of
feet out of place, grateful for the thick carpet that muffled the
sound.  She knelt and aimed her penlight downward at the spot the
chair had occupied, probing at the thick pile with delicate
fingers until she found the flap.  Flipping the square of carpet
back to reveal the door of the inset safe, Eva reached into her
dance bag and pulled out a small box.  Working quickly, she
clicked the box into place against the code pad that controlled
the safe's locking mechanism.
     Tense with anticipation, Eva sat back on her heels and
watched the box's LEDs flash while its sensors and computer
determined the door code.  A moment later, the display settled on
a string of numbers.  She tapped the code in, and the door popped
open with a pneumatic sigh.
     Licking her dry lips, Eva reached into the safe's black
interior to discover the velvet contours of three boxes.  She
promptly began pulling them out and flipping them open like a
child attacking her Christmas presents.  The first box contained
a triple strand of antique pearls, the second held a string of
diamonds the size of marbles, and the third, a number of smaller
pieces tossed together with haphazard carelessness.  Eva counted
ten rings, six sets of jeweled cuff links and a pair of tie
clips.  The necklaces were very fine indeed, though she suspected
that some of the smaller pieces were of lesser quality.
     Clicking her tongue in satisfaction at her haul, Eva dumped
all three boxes into her dance bag and reached down to close the
safe.
     And felt something cold and metallic press against her
cheek.
     "Mummy," growled a masculine voice, "will be shocked."
     Eva jerked around, instinctively bringing up her penlight
and throwing its beam across her attacker.  Garrett Byrne
regarded her malevolently, his blond hair shining in the faint
light, a nine millimeter automatic in one hand.  Its deadly
muzzle was a bare inch from her face.
     "Garrett!" she choked out.  "What are you doing here?"
     "I think that's pretty obvious, don't you?"  Keeping the gun
pointed at her, he bent and grabbed up her dance bag.  "Really,
sweet, there's nothing easier to catch than an overconfident
thief."  His growl became a bark.  "Down on the floor, palms flat
against the carpet over your head."
     Eva obeyed, feeling so sick she thought she might throw up.
     "And," Garrett added wickedly, "spread your legs."
     She would have lifted her head to look at him, but the
muzzle of the pistol was pressed to the back of her skull in a
warning she didn't dare ignore.  A hard knee dug into the small
of her back as the detective began to search her with impersonal
efficiency.
     "Really, Garrett," Eva managed, despite the lump of bile in
her throat, "you don't really think I could hide a weapon in this
getup...?"
     "You've got any number of weapons in that getup, sweet, and
you know it."  He grabbed one wrist and brought it down behind
her back.  Eva felt something cold click around it.
     He was handcuffing her.
     A moment later, after encircling both her wrists in steel,
Garrett grabbed her by the upper arm and helped her roughly to
her feet.  Shoving the gun into her face, he continued his
search, passing a hand over her chest and down her torso, then
between her legs.
     Was it her imagination, or did that hand move more slowly
this time?  Then again, being felt up by a glorified flatfoot was
the very least of her problems...
     "Picturing the headlines, sweet?" Garrett asked shrewdly,
staring into her no-doubt sickly expression.  "'Newspaper heiress
turns cat burglar, rips off rich boyfriends.' Your father's
business rivals will jump on the story with glee in their ink-
stained little hearts.  And Daddy will have a stroke."
     "I was going to return everything!"
     "Sure you were."
     "I aptats have before."
     "Which was damn stupid of you," Garrett told her bluntly.
"It was a dead giveaway we were dealing with somebody who was
stealing for kicks, not money.  And since you'd dated every one
of your victims days before each heist, a fool could have figured
it out."
     "So why'd it take you so long?" Eva sneered, stung.
     "I couldn't believe you were doing it," he admitted.  "I
didn't want to believe such a nice kid could use people so
coldly."
     "What you didn't want to believe," she said, desperate to
wound him, "was that I'd gone out with YOU solely so I could case
your apartment and rob you blind."
     Garrett took a threatening step toward her...
     And the room flooded with light.
     "So you caught our pretty cat burglar," Damien said,
sauntering into the room.  "Good work."
     "The loot's in the bag," Garrett told him.  "I'd say not
even Daddy's high-priced lawyers will be able to get her out of
this one."
     Grimly fighting an impulse to cry, Eva watched Damien stroll
toward her.  "I'm afraid you won't find prison very pleasant,
darling," he said, his tone polite, matter-of-fact, though a
nasty smile played across his wide mouth.  There was something
brutal in the cool, broad planes of his face Eva had never
noticed before.  It occurred to her that Damien looked like a
thug.  A remarkably handsome thug, but still, a man no woman
should trust.
     "You set me up," Eva said numbly.  Damien had known what she
was doing last night, had tried to seduce her while planning to
send her to jail.
     "Doesn't feel very good, does it?" Garrett asked, smirking.
     She lifted her chin and managed not to beg.  "You know I'll
get probation.  I won't end up in jail."
     "I wouldn't be so sure of that, sweet," the detective told
her.  "Breaking and entering carries a mandatory jail term in
this state.  The best you can hope for is a light
sentence--possibly a year.  And a year in a woman's prison feels
a lot longer than it sounds."
     "It's a pity about her mother," Damien commented idly.
"There'll be the publicity, of course, but I imagine worrying
about Eva's physical safety will be even worse."
     "You play, you pay.  She should have thought of that before
she started breaking into people's houses."
     "Well, yes--but really, her mother IS an old friend of the
family..."
     "If you think I'm letting the little bitch off, you're
crazy."
     "I'm not suggesting we let her off," Damien said.  "But we
could handle this privately."
     "Forget it," Garrett told him coldly.  "She's going to get a
lesson she won't forget."
     "But wouldn't it be so much more pleasurable to teach her
yourself?"  His voice was a velvet purr that sent a shiver
snaking along Eva's spine.
     For the first time since seeing Garrett and his gun, Eva
felt a breath of hope.  She didn't care what they did to her, as
long as they did it quietly.  Damien was right; this whole thing
would kill her parents.  She'd been an idiot to take such chances
with their happiness, just to alleviate her own aimless boredom.
     "What have you got in mind?" Garrett asked.
     Damien nodded at her casually.  "Well, she is a lovely girl.
And if she treated you anything like she treated me, she promised
a great deal more than she delivered."
     "Good point."  Eva decided she didn't care for Garrett's
grin at all.
     "Well, Eva?" Damien asked her suddenly.  "Do we call the
police now, or do you agree to submit to whatever punishment we
decide on?"
     "That depends," Eva said cautiously, "What kind of
punishment?"
     "Something erotic, I think," Damien said judiciously.  "No
permanent damage, in any case."
     No PERMANENT damage?  She wasn't sure she liked the sound of
that.  On the other hand, she didn't seem to have much choice.
"All right.  Whatever you want."
     Garrett and Damien promptly gave her a pair of identical
lupine grins that made her wonder if she'd just been subjected to
a game of "good cop/bad cop."  Not that it mattered.  She still
had no alternative.
     "Good," Damien said.  "Strip."
     She stared, caught off guard by his crisp order.  "Now?"
     "Unless you want me to call the police..."
     Eva studied the two uneasily.  Damien was leaning against
the paneling, relaxed and arrogant, while Garrett watched her
with a sort of feline tension in his big body.  He still held the
gun pointed at her.  Each man was considerably taller than she,
and both were fit and muscular, though Damien was gymnast-lean
while Garrett was broad, built like a boxer.  It was an
inherently dangerous situation--but then, Eva liked dangerous
situations.  "You'll have to uncuff me," she told Garrett.
     Garrett moved behind her to do the honors at her wrists,
then stood back to watch her undress.  Tension pooled in his
shoulders, and he felt his groin tighten as she began to pull off
the bodysuit.  She was amazingly cool about it, he thought.  If
she found the situation frightening or embarrassing, it didn't
show.
     She did have to wiggle to get out of that ridiculous lycra
suit, though, and the movement did entrancing things to her bare,
firm ass.  He heard Damien's breath catch.  When Garrett looked
toward his friend, however, he was wearing a bland expression
which didn't quite reach his black eyes.  Garrett was glad he
wasn't the only one who was responding to the erotic potential of
the situation.
     Then Eva bent to pull off her shoes, and Garret's eyes
snapped back to the breathtaking view she presented him.  Her
cunt, spread by her pose, looked deliciously damp and pink, and
her legs were long sweeps of muscle and satin skin.  Garrett
licked his lips and pulled his gaze away...to meet Damien's.  His
friend dipped a lid in a lazy wink.  Garrett had to bite back a
laugh.
     Eva straightened and stepped out of the pile of discarded
lycra.  "Well?" she asked, a faint challenge in her tone.  She
turned to look at Garrett over one shoulder.  He managed not to
glance guiltily away, though he knew she'd caught him eyeing the
sweet, rhythmic lines of her body.  "Damien?" Garrett managed.
     Damien started as if belatedly remembering his cue, then
walked to the bureau and opened a drawer to pull out the bundle
of clothesline Garrett had bought.  The rope was a dead giveaway
that they'd planned to blackmail her from the first, but Eva
didn't protest.  Perhaps she realized that Garrett really had
intended to put her away when he'd approached Damien about
trapping her.  It had taken some fast talking on Damien's part to
get him to agree to the punishment scenario.
     Still, Garrett had to admit the situation had potential.
     "Lie down on the bed, darling," Damien told Eva, gesturing
with the clothesline.  She obeyed without protest.
     Eva expected to be tied in the cliche spread-eagle position,
but Damien proved to be a lot more creative than that.  He
wrapped a length of rope around her right upper thigh, brought
her right ankle up to her buttocks, and then looped it a few
times, bending the leg double.  Damien served the left leg the
same way with a few quick and skillful passes.   Then, bringing
the end of the clothesline up between her legs, he snaked it
around her torso to encircle her breasts so that the tight cord
pressed just under the nipples.  That done, he extended her arms
over her head, wrapped them several times, then bound her hands
together and tied them to the headboard, leaving a couple of feet
of slack.
     Garrett watched sardonically.  "Dame, did you get a merit
badge in bondage, or what?"
     "No, I just have a vivid imagination."
     "You must have interesting fantasies."
     "I certainly do," said Damien, straightening with a grin.
"And I plan to act a couple of them out.  Where's Eva's loot?"
     Garrett shoved his gun into its shoulder holster, then
picked up the abandoned dance bag and tossed it to his friend,
who caught it neatly out of the air.
     Damien set the bag down on the bed and began to paw through
its glittering contents.  He absently pulled out the diamond
necklace and handed it to Garrett, who eyed it with admiration as
he continued to dig.
     "This is some very fine ice, my friend," Garrett said.
"Your mother's?"
     "God, no.  It's a little too gaudy for Mother.  I planned to
give it to Corrine, but I haven't had the chance."
     "Your mistresses must love you, if this is an example of the
kind of gifts you give."
     "Actually, I'm planning to break off with her...Ah.  Here we
are."
     Garrett looked down into his hands.  "Tie clasps?"
     "A gift from Corrine.  Actually, I wouldn't have minded if
Eva had lifted these; they're vulgar as hell.  Corrine has no
taste."
     "That must explain you, then," Eva growled, looking
uncomfortable in her eight feet of clothesline.
     "No doubt," Damien said cheerfully, then sat down on the bed
beside her and bent to take one pink nipple into his mouth.
Garrett heard her gasp as he nibbled and sucked.
     "She's got very responsive nipples," Damien commented, after
a minute or so of playing with them.
     Garrett swallowed.  Both rose nubbins were pointing proudly
at the ceiling as Eva's pale breasts jiggled with her rapid
breathing.  She was as aroused as they were, Garrett thought.
The realization sizzled its way straight to his dick.
     Which was when Damien suddenly brought up a tie clasp and
attached it to Eva's right nipple.
     "Dame, what the hell are you doing?" Garrett demanded as Eva
gasped.
     Damien opened the clasp and let it close again, rolling the
nipple between its tiny gold jaws.  "She took them, she can wear
them," he said coolly, watching Eva's face.  Her eyes had drifted
shut, and she licked her lips.  He attached the other one, and
she caught her breath.
     Garrett moved around to the other side of the bed and sat
down, then reached for the tie clasp Damien had abandoned.
     When Eva felt both men begin toying with her breasts, she
moaned helplessly, shocked at the strength of her own arousal.
She'd expected to stoically endure whatever the two men decided
to do to her, but things were not going as planned.
     The fact was, Eva had never been in such a erotic
predicament in her life.  She was completely helpless, at the
mercy of two handsome and dangerous men with kinky
imaginations--and she was loving every second of it.
     Garrett was flicking the tie clasp he'd claimed with a blunt
finger, and each flick sent heat spiralling straight to her cunt.
Damien was tugging the other nipple with his clasp, catching it
between the jaws and pulling it upward slightly until the clip
slid free, then recapturing it.
     Eva shifted her hips, feeling her pussy flooding, heating.
She wished one of her captors would give it the same attention
they were paying her aching tits.  Unable to help herself, she
spread her legs and moaned.
     Garrett, watching her, turned to Damien with a wicked grin.
"I just thought of another spot for Eva's loot.  Got any KY?"
     Damien gestured to the top drawer of the oak night table
that stood on Garrett's side of the bed.  The detective dug out
the little tube, then walked over to Eva's dance bag and burrowed
in it until he found Corrine's diamond necklace.
     "Do you have any idea what that necklace is worth?" Damien
protested.
     "So I'll wash it."
     "But...Oh, what the hell," Damien grumbled.  "I never liked
that piece anyway."
     Eva was so horny she didn't care what Garrett stuffed into
her, so long as he paid attention to her aching clit while he did
it.  She lifted her hips eagerly as he sat down beside her and
leaned over her hungry cunt.
     But her cunt wasn't where the necklace went.
     Garrett pried her muscular little cheeks apart and started
applying KY to her rosy, dimpled asshole.
     "Now, wait a minute!" Eva squeaked.
     "Uh uh, princess.  Take your punishment like a good girl,"
Garrett told her with a grin, and stuffed a large diamond up her
ass.
     "That," Damien observed, "is amazingly lewd."
     Garrett, grinning even more broadly, pushed the next diamond
on the string past Eva's tiny opening.  "My," he told her
mockingly, "you ARE tight, aren't you?"
     Eva writhed helplessly as Damien worked on her nipples with
the tie clasps and Garrett relentlessly stuffed her asshole full
of chill, expensive necklace.  At the same time, the detective
rubbed her clit and slid a finger in and out of her steamy cunt,
so that rather than being painful, the whole experience started
to get to her.
     She was whimpering by the time he was finished.
     The two men leaned back to eye her with a certain wicked
satisfaction.  Eva, wound in clothesline, tie clasps pinching
each nipple and a hundred thousand dollars worth of diamonds up
her ass, waited to see what they would do to her next.
     "The pearls," Damien decided.
     A moment later, that clever tongue of his was circling her
erect clit while his broad fingers worked a triple strand of
iridescent pearls into her pussy.  Garrett, meanwhile, had gone
back to her breasts, alternately sucking them and working them
over with the clasps.
     Damien's tongue swirling through the folds of her lips, Eva
whimpered, "I can't take this any more."
     "Should have thought of that before you started ripping off
every male you met," Garrett said, and bit her tenderly.
     "Oh GOD.  Somebody, please fuck me!"
     Damien caught the end of the pearl strand and pulled it out
of her, then pushed it slowly back in.  "Sorry, darling.  We're
not done with you yet."
     "I've got money..."
     "So do we.  Shut up." Damien dragged three diamonds past her
asshole, bent his head to suck her clit fiercely, and drove them
back in one by one.
     "OKAY!" Eva cried desperately.  "I've learned my lesson,
I'll never do it again!"
     "You bet your sweet ass you won't," Garrett told her.  "I'll
be watching you like the proverbial hawk."  He twisted a clasp
slowly.
     "Oh, please, you're driving me insane!  Damien, darling,
fuck me..."
     "Well," said Damien, slowly pulling the entire string of
pearls out of her swollen cunt.  "It is a tempting thought, I'll
admit...  What do you think, Garrett?"
     Garrett lifted his head to regard the pearls Damien held
swinging from one hand.  They were so wet with her arousal they
almost dripped.  "Certainly looks tempting.  How does a little
double penetration sound?"
     "I think it'll take at least that to cool her off, poor
thing," Damien agreed.
     "Personally, I've got a yen for that tight little ass."
     "Fine with me," Damien said.
     Eva watched with frantic hunger as the two men stood up and
began to strip, revealing bodies that were deliciously hard all
over--particularly when it came to cocks.  She moaned at the
thought of having both thick pricks buried in her starving body.
     Damien finished first and lay down on the bed beside her.
With easy power, he reared up and brought her helplessly bound
body over on top of his.  A twist of his hips impaled her on his
huge shaft.
     Because of the way she was bound, Eva could do little but
moan as Damien's broad hands caught her hips and raised her just
enough to accommodate his upward strokes.  Feeling each long
thrust fill her to the heart, she arched her back and shivered.
     Then Garrett grabbed the end of the necklace and began to
pull it slowly out of her ass.  As each diamond popped clear,
blending exquisitely with the sensation of Damien's shuttling
cock, Eva spiked closer and closer to a searing climax.  When the
last gem squeezed through her anus, she threw back her head and
screamed...
     Garrett grabbed Eva's writhing hips and parted her cheeks.
Before she had time to begin her downward slide from climax, he
drove his cock up her ass.
     When she became aware again, both men were moving slowly
against her, and two massively erect pricks stuffed her fore and
aft.  She quivered helplessly, teetering between pain and blind
pleasure.
     "Sweet," Garrett whispered into her ear, sinking his shaft
into her even as Damien slowly pulled his out, "you've got the
tightest ass I've ever fucked."
     "And wet.  God, she's so wet..."  Damien rolled his head
back into the pillow, shuttering his eyes against the sensation.
     Eva, impaled on her captors' cocks, couldn't have spoken if
she'd wanted to.  The best she could manage was a whimper as she
felt the two bulbous prick heads rubbing past each other,
torturing her passages deliciously.
     Damien began to increase the pace, lifting his hips harder,
faster, his slick organ shuttling in and out of her delightfully.
Garrett followed his lead, boring into her ass with relentless
thrusts until Eva writhed in agonized pleasure.
     She was completely open to them now, and the men used her
ruthlessly, cramming cunt and asshole with alternating thrusts
until her thighs began to spasm.
     An orgasm pounded through her, beating along her nerves to
the piledriver thrusts of her captors.
     Garrett listened to Eva's long, helpless scream of pleasure
as the tender walls of her rectum pulsed around his cock.  The
hot sensation sent him over the edge, his back arching as a
climax seared its way into his skull.
     He bellowed out an echo to her scream.

     Later, much later, they became aware of themselves again.
     And Eva grinned.  "I'm going to have to piss you guys off
more often."