EVA'S ERROR

My phone rings. "Hello, Eva here....Yes Senator, I'll be in your 
office in two minutes." His voice sounds irritated, even slightly 
angry. I feel nervous as I tread the corridor to his office. It 
is unlike him. The Senator is always so kind. He never criticizes 
us and he is always understanding if we are ill or late. He is 
the perfect boss and this job is easily the best I have ever had.

Feeling gradually more confident, I arrive at his door. I knock 
softly and wait. "Come in Eva." I enter cautiously, smiling. He 
smiles back. He is an attractive man, for his age. He must be 
twice as old as me. I am 26. "Sit down here Eva." He gestures 
towards a chair, continuing to smile warmly. "Thank you Sir." I 
was wrong, he is not angry. He sits behind his desk, his strong 
blue eyes gaze across at me. They dart across my face, then my 
cleavage. His eyes always wander. He likes me I know. It is my 
fault. I am wearing a dark blue body that plunges at the front 
displaying plenty. "Eva, we have a slight problem here. Someone 
has invited Sam Quillen to next week's luncheon." I look 
surprised, Sam is one of the Senator's political allies. "Well, 
normally it would be fine Eva, but you see I've also invited Ted 
Blonk and he hates Quillen. If Quillen is there I can kiss 
goodbye any chance of a campaign contribution from Blonk." 

I shift uncomfortably in my chair. "Did you invite Quillen Eva?" 
His question is so direct I feel thrown. "No, no Sir." But I know 
I did. I remember mailing the invitation. Why did I lie? I feel 
hot, slightly breathless. For a moment I'm not listening to the 
Senator. Then I hear him say, "Well, whoever did has messed up a 
lot of hard work." He frowns. Then he smiles again. "Eva, could I 
trouble you to return to your office and to bring me a copy of 
the computer file you used to generate the invitations that you 
personally sent? I meant to ask you to bring it when I called. 
I'm sorry, but I need to know who invited who. Perhaps then I can 
find out who invited Quillen." I feel myself blushing. "Yes Sir." 

I walk back to my office in a daze. Now what am I to do? You 
stupid fool, why did you lie? Why didn't you just admit your 
mistake? At the office, I get an idea. Of course. Edit out the 
entry for Quillen. For the first time in several minutes I feel 
relaxed, at least a little. Quickly I make the necessary changes. 
Within seconds, I am walking back to his office carrying my disk.

After knocking, I am summoned inside. "Thank you Eva, thank you." 
The Senator takes the disk. "Take a seat please. I hope I'm not 
keeping you from your other work. But this will only take a 
minute." He puts the disk in a laptop on his desk and examines 
the file. "Yes, no sign of Quillen here. Excellent." He smiles. I 
smile back. What relief. Smart thinking, Eva. But suddenly, "No, 
no, no, something is not right here. This file was edited just 5 
minutes ago. Look." I get up and see his finger pointing at the 
time. Oh no. What now? For a moment he looks puzzled, but rapidly 
his face fills with understanding. Then he glances up at me and 
the understanding turns to annoyance. "Eva, did you delete 
Quillen from this file just now, before returning with the disk?" 
"No Sir I didn't." I know I'm very red in the face and fidgeting 
nervously. My heart starts pounding harder.

The Senator's expression becomes stern. " Sit back down Eva." 
This time the gentle tone is gone." I feel an uncomfortable 
tingle as I slide back into my chair. He stares across the table 
at me, his eyes penetrating me. I look down at the floor. I am 
too ashamed to look him in the face. There is a long silence as I 
tremble anxiously. Finally the Senator stands. I look up at his 
form towering over me. "Eva, you edited this file and deleted 
Quillen didn't you?" "Yes Sir." My answer is barely a whisper. 
The Senator pauses. He shakes his head back and forth. "Eva, I am 
very disappointed in you. Mistakes I can accept, though I must 
say that in this case your error will be an expensive one. 
However, when you lie to me and then attempt to cover up your 
lies by deception..." His sentence tales off. His face indicates 
how angry he really is. I bow my head again, this time lower. I 
wonder if my trembling is noticeable to him. 

The Senator walks behind me and then paces the room. Now he stops 
and speaks: "Eva, I am afraid that I can no longer trust 
you....and if I can't trust you...well...I am forced to let you 
go." These words echo through my head as I feel a knot in my 
stomach grow tighter. Rapidly, tears well up in my eyes. I sit up 
and half turn in my chair so I can face him. "Sir, please....I'm 
sorry, really very sorry." He is unmoved. "This will never happen 
again I guarantee. Please give me a chance." I stare up at him, 
my pleading eyes meeting his merciless expression. "No Eva, what 
you have done is too serious. If I let you stay, you will not 
have been taught a lesson. In your own interests, it is better 
for you to go. Then, I hope, you'll understand how wrong it is to 
violate the trust others place in you." 

He seems set on firing me. I feel awful. I have blown the best 
job that could ever come my way. Maybe one last desperate plea. 
"Sir, I beg of you....I am so sorry. I know what I did was wrong. 
I don't know why I did it. Please Sir, I know I need to be taught 
a lesson, but do you have to fire me? Please Sir, I'll do 
anything."

The Senator paces across the room. He is deep in thought. He 
returns to his desk and sits down again. He stares at me. I see 
the barest hint of a smile. "Well Eva, there is a way. Mind you, 
it's not popular these days." I shift uncomfortably in my chair. 
Somehow, I know what he is about to say. "A young lady who has 
misbehaved as you have could use a strong dose of corporal 
punishment. Something that she would not forget in a hurry." He 
speaks coldly. All the while his gaze is unwavering. I blush 
slightly and gaze down into my lap. "If you will accept this form 
of punishment then perhaps we can save you your job here. But, 
it's your choice. Think about it for a minute."

He walks into an adjoining room. I can hear him shuffling papers 
or something. I have received spankings before, when I was 
little. They certainly hurt, but I want to keep this job so 
badly. My thoughts are interrupted by the Senator's return to the 
room. He stands beside me and places a hand on my shoulder. 
"What's it to be then Eva? You can take the punishment or you are 
free to leave." "The punishment please Sir," I find myself 
saying. I squirm in my seat as I speak and I feel my heart start 
to race. I look up at him eyes wide with apprehension. He smiles. 
"Very well, come back to my office at 5pm sharp. Don't be late 
now will you?" "No Sir, I won't." He ushers me out of the room 
and I return to my work.

I do nothing in the ensuing time. I sit and worry about my 
decision. Maybe I should have asked him exactly what this 
punishment involved. Surely he won't be too harsh, but then again 
who knows? I saw a new side of the Senator today and he 
frightened me.

I make sure I time my knock on his door at 5pm exactly. My knock 
is hesitant. His reply is anything but that, a sharp crisp 
"Enter!" that jolts me to alertness. I bow my head, open the door 
and enter the room sheepishly. I am startled when I see not just 
the Senator, but another man of similar age and dress standing on 
the far side of the room. The Senator beckons me forward and then 
motions me to stop just in front of his desk. "Now Eva, I want to 
make sure that you haven't changed your mind. Have you?" "No Sir, 
I haven't," I bleat meekly, not daring to look up. "You are quite 
sure?" I nod several times. "Very well, Eva. For your sake I 
invited my associate Ted Blonk. He is, shall we say, a neutral 
observer. He is here to insure that I treat you fairly." I look 
over at Blonk. He smiles back, a disgusting smile that makes me 
feel sick. I know he is really just here to view my paddling.

The Senator carries a heavy chair to the center of the room and 
sits in it. It's about to start. I swallow. I feel myself 
perspiring. My extremities seem to tingle. "Come stand right in 
front on me Eva. That's it. Good girl. Stand up straight now and 
place your hands on your head. Elbows sticking out. Good. 
Excellent." He pauses for a moment, as if unsure where to begin. 
Soon however I feel his hands working on my belt buckle. Soon the 
belt is sliding off, away from my white jeans. Then the button on 
the jeans is nimbly unfastened and the jeans unzipped. I try to 
keep perfectly still, just the frequent rise and fall of my chest 
as I gasp to breath. "Take your jeans off Eva." For a moment I 
fumble in a fluster. But soon I have them sliding down my legs 
and over my heels. Blonk gives an approving grunt as I stand up 
straight again. His eyes flow up my legs and across my crotch and 
breasts, now covered only by my dark blue body. 

"Come around to the side Eva and put yourself across my knees," 
says the Senator sternly. I feel myself being pulled across his 
lap by my arm. My hands hold me up off the floor and my butt 
sticks up in the air in the perfect position for the Senator to 
see. Blonk gets up and walks across the room to where he can get 
a better view. I strain my neck to see where he is going. The 
Senator's firm hand grasps the material of the body just above my 
butt and pulls it up my back. This sends the material deep into 
the crack between my soft cheeks, effectively exposing me fully. 
I start to feel ashamed.

I expect some more preliminaries but I am taken by surprise as 
the Senator delivers a hard blow with his hand to my left 
buttock. I tense and absorb the harsh sting bravely, letting out 
only a slight yelp and that is more from the surprise than pain. 
A second and third blow follow quickly, one on each cheek. The 
Senator's hand is heavy and he holds back nothing. At this point 
I can grit my teeth and take each slap with no more than a jerk 
of my body and a slight frown. However, I know about spanking. 
The early going is just to build up some redness in the cheeks. 
Then once I am "warmed up," as Blonk chuckles, the blows will be 
much harder to take.

By about the tenth slap I know I have reached that stage. My 
cheeks are burning hot and each new slap make them sizzle 
unbearably. "No Sir, please, it hurts," I whimper, as I twist on 
his lap. "Eva!" he retorts, "Keep still...and straighten your 
legs. I want that bottom held up high on my lap. Do not try to 
slide away." Though I'm unsure why (fear of losing my job? the 
slight guilty pleasure I am experiencing?), I pull myself back 
into a more satisfactory position. The spanking resumes, hard and 
fast. Each slap causes me to throw back my head and shout a 
begging protest. Blonk utters something about knowing it wouldn't 
be long before I was yelling. I briefly imagine the smug grin 
that must be on his face and I start to feel angry at the Senator 
for humiliating me in front of this disgusting man. Such 
ruminations cannot last long though, as my mind is constantly 
brought back to the task at hand by the swift series of spanks I 
receive, alternating between one cheek and the other. 

"I'm sorry Sir, I'm sorry. Oh Sir please stop now. Arghhh!!" 
Tears stream heavily down my soft face. My long brunette hair 
sags over my face due to the flailing each slap causes in me. The 
intensity of the spanking increases until I feel like my butt is 
on fire. But suddenly and without warning the Senator stops. I 
adjust my position slightly and reach up to rub myself with my 
right hand. But the Senator's arm pushes me back down. "No Eva! 
Do not attempt to relieve the pain. Just stay in position. I want 
you to contemplate the burning sting a while longer." How can he 
be so cruel? Have I not taken enough? Blonk chuckles. I assume he 
realizes how mean the Senator's command seems to me. He repulses 
me. 

More than a minute passes until I am finally told that I should 
stand up. "Do not place your hands on your behind Eva. Put them 
back on your head like before." I stand erect in that position. 
Behind me, I feel Blonk's hot breath on my shoulder. "You 
certainly know how to treat a wayward employee I must say." I 
shudder as he inspects the deep red glow of my exposed cheeks. 
Blonk walks around to face me. He expresses some mocking sympathy 
when he sees the mixture of mascara and tears that trail down 
both sides of my face. He moves a finger to wipe away a tear. I 
want to step back and spit at him. Of course I dare not. I feel 
so humiliated by this man.

Himself tired and reddened by his exertions, the Senator pours 
himself and his guest a drink from a large decanter on a small 
corner table. After handing Blonk his drink, he says, "Now Eva, 
you have been punished for your mistake. That just leaves us with 
the matter of your lying to take care of." I am shocked. I had 
thought we were finished, but it seems that we are not. My face 
gives away my surprise. "That's right Eva, we cannot let your 
devious attempt to decieve me go unpunished can we?" "Uh...no 
Sir, I suppose not." "Good girl." Both the Senator and Blonk 
smile at me wickedly. The Senator continues, "Very well, remove 
your body. I want you naked for the next bit." 

I pause momentarily, alarmed that I must reveal myself in front 
of them. "Please Sir, is it necessary to punish me further. I 
promise I will not lie in future." I speak with pleading 
sincerity. The Senator replies with a sigh, "No it is not 
necessary Eva. If you wish you may put on your jeans and go. 
However, don't plan on coming to work tomorrow or any other day. 
It's up to you. What is it to be?" In hopeless resignation I 
begin to slide off the dark blue body. I feel their eyes biting 
into my bare exposed flesh as I step out of it and place it on a 
nearby chair. "I think she's made her decision," says the Senator 
to Blonk. The pair of them exchange knowing glances. "Hands back 
on your head Eva. Stand up straight...that's it. Very nice. Very 
nice indeed." They stand in front of me, sipping their drinks, 
taking in, amongst other things, the sight of my full breasts 
sticking upwards and outwards due to the positioning of my hands. 
I feel mortified. I would rather they just punished me than 
tortured me like this. 

After several minutes of this, Blonk says, "What's part two going 
to be?" The Senator responds, "I'm not sure. Lying is truly 
despicable. It has to be something she won't forget in a hurry." 
Blonk chuckles, gives me a sneering look and says, "I suggest 
that we get the little bitch across your desk and thrash her with 
the cane. Sound reasonable?" The Senator nods gravely and exits 
to the adjoining room. Moments later he returns wielding a long 
slender cane. I catch sight of it out of the corner of my eye and 
flinch in horror as I anticipate the brutal blows it is about to 
deliver to my defenseless and still aching behind. 

The Senator comes behind me. He taps the cane several times on my 
butt, only very lightly. "Right Eva, go over to the desk and bend 
across it." I comply. The polished desk is cold against my 
breasts and stomach and hard where the edge presses into my 
thighs. "That's good. Now straighten your legs and raise that 
pretty little behind of your's. Nice and high. I don't want to 
miss and believe me you don't want me to either."

The wait for the first stroke is unbearable. The Senator stands 
beside me. He places his left hand on my lower back. I tense as I 
feel his warm palm press downwards. Then I feel the cane press 
against my cheeks. He slides it slightly from left to right and 
back again. He lifts it back so it is no longer touching me. Then 
he presses it back once more. He repeats the whole procedure 
several times. Feeling anxious, I try to peep up over my 
shoulder, but I try to be unobvious lest I should be noticed. 
Finally, the cane is lifted high, held motionless momentarily, 
and then brought down with speed and skill. I hear a swish 
followed by a loud crack as the cane strikes me square across the 
middle of my ass. Almost instantly a hot burning pain stings 
along the line of contact. I throw my head back. "Aaarghh!! Oh 
Sir." The pain spreads throughout my behind, but barely loses any 
of its intensity at the point that the had cane struck.

Recovery time is kept to a minimum as a second equally forceful 
and deftly placed stroke swipes the delicate underside of my 
cheeks. I contort my face in distress and yell a loud protest. A 
hard spanking such as I had received is one thing, the cane, 
especially when wielded with the expertise the Senator has, is an 
entirely different experience. Furthermore, the spanking had left 
my bottom so raw that the cane's cruel punishment is even more 
intense than I would have ever dreamt.

The Senator continues. I lose count of the strokes. They come in 
rapid succession. His aim is uncanny. He seems to find a new spot 
each time. "Oh God Sir, pleeease!!! I beg you!!! Stop!!!" My 
cries are accompanied by a gushing stream of tears and frequent 
comments from that pig Blonk. "That's it, give it to her. She's 
not gonna forget this beating in a hurry."

As I endure the last two or three blows, I scream in agony, 
twisting and turning, barely able to maintain the required 
position. Finally, the Senator stops and steps back. I lay across 
the table panting and sobbing. "I'm so sorry Sir, really I am. I 
will never lie again I promise." My bottom is covered in a series 
of cleverly placed parallel welts that resonate with raw biting 
pain. I pray that this is the end of my punishment. I know I must 
not raise a hand behind me to sooth the agony. Never mind, Blonk 
steps forward and does it for me. The initial contact of his 
fingers increases the pain as he irritates the soreness, but as 
he presses harder he unwittingly brings limited relief to me. He 
grunts approval as he prods and probes me. He seems to delight in 
the soft moans each touch brings from me. 

Blonk finishes feeling me when the Senator says, "That's enough 
now Eva. I hope you have learnt your lesson. Please do not ever 
try to deceive me again." "I won't Sir, honestly I won't." I 
continue to sob. "Now, be a good girl. Collect your clothes and 
return to your office. You can dress there. No one will see you. 
Everyone went home over an hour ago." I get up, gather my jeans 
and the body. Somewhat comically given the amount of time I have 
spent naked before these men, I cover my breasts and pubic hair 
with the garments. Due to the shame I feel, I keep my eyes 
downcast. I hurry towards the door. I open it, then pause, turn 
and look at the Senator. I lower my arms to my sides so that the 
clothes no longer preserve my modesty. "Thank you Sir for 
punishing me." Then I look at Blonk. "And thank you Sir for 
giving of your time to see that my punishment was fair." The men 
look at each other. They are puzzled at first, but quickly their 
expressions change into delighted smiles. I bow my head once more 
and without fuss leave the room, closing the door softly behind 
me.

I did not encounter anyone during my short trip back to my 
office, just as the Senator had assured me. At home I applied 
soothing lotions to ease my pain, but for several days sitting  
and even walking, were uncomfortable. It was certainly a beating 
I would not forget, even long after the welts had healed. 
Sometimes when I am alone giving myself pleasure, my mind wanders 
back to this incident. The memories never fail to arouse me.

As a footnote, the next day I arrived at work early. There was a 
note on my desk from the Senator attached to a check. It read, 
"Please bank this at once Eva." The check was for $50000 to the 
Senator's campaign fund, signed by Ted Blonk.
