Archive-name: Family/evans2.txt
Archive-author: Ed Dippus
Archive-title: Evans Family - 2


Ch. 2

Left alone on the porch swing, Junior and Megan continued to eye
each other appreciatively, occaisionally making eye contact.  They
were clearly attracted to one another but not certain as to how to
proceed.  After working up the nerve, Jr. finally decided to invite
his cousin to sit closer.  But just as he cleared his throat, the
screen door groaned and Uncle Jim and Aunt Sal joined them on the
porch with a tray full of glasses and a pitcher of lemonade.

"Where is everyone?" Sal asked.

"Out for a walk, I guess," Jr. replied nervously.

After pouring for the teens, Jim and Sal settled into a couple of
deck chairs with their own glasses. Moments later Candy returned.

"My dear," Sal said to her niece "you look positively flushed.  Are
you feeling well."

"Yeah, sure, fine" Candy mumbled dazedly, still recovering from her
voyeuristic orgasm.  "I was just, uh, running back.  I thought I
heard an animal."

Then Greg and Cheryl appeared, trying not to look like they'd been
together.  But this pair of cousins also had a slightly breathless
air about them.

"Appears as though that 'animal' has been chasing everyone," Jim
remarked.

Junior and Megan exchanged looks.  Their respecive siblings said
nothing, and the matter appeared to be dropped.  

Later, that night Jr. accosted Greg as they prepared for bed. "What
were you three doing out there?"

"Who three?" Greg said, genuinely puzzled.  He could only account
for two.

"You and my sisters, Candy and Cheryl."

"I have no idea what Candy was doing," Greg declared, then hastily
added "... or Cheryl either."  But it was too late, Jr. had caught
the slip.

"Oh, so you were with Cheryl.  What happened?"

"Nothing."

"Oh, come on, Greg, I can smell sex a mile away, and you guys were
a lot closer than that."

"Well, maybe," Greg admitted.  After all, hadn't they spied on
their sisters the previous night?

Jr. got genuinely excited.  "Really, oh wow, cool.  What was it
like, doing my sister, I mean, like with your cousin?"

"Pretty cool," Greg admitted, "Cheryl's one hot piece of ass."

"How did you ever con her out of her panties?" Jr. demanded.

"No sweat, I told her I'd seen them spying on us... oh, forgot to
tell you they peeked at the pond...  and sort of blackmailed her
into a show-me session.  Honestly, I didn't have to push too hard,
she was hot for it."

"Far out!"  Jr. said.  "Greg, you gotta help me get into Megan's
drawers.  I mean, fair's fair.  You fucked my sister..."

"Yeah, no problem, but you gotta tell me all about it."

"Sure, but first tell me all about Cheryl."

As the two youths chatted away, Jim and Sal lay in bed together,
staring at the ceiling and idly fondling one another while talking.
Sal brought the conversation back around to the strange behavior of
the children.

"You know, those kids were acting mighty rambunctious out by the
pool.  And mighty guilty when they found out I was there."

"What do you mean?" Jim asked sleepily.

"Oh, I don't know.  There were really physical with each other.  I
think they were teasing.  In fact," she said, as a light when on in
her head, "I'll bet that's why Greg and Cheryl acted so weird
tonight."

"Huh?" Jim woke up a little at that.

"I mean, I think our boy just fucked his cousin Cheryl."

It took a second for the words to register, but immediately
thereafter Sal sensed a change in Jim: he got rock hard!

"Jim Evans!" she said, mock severely, "did the thought of those
young bodies get you hard?"

"What..?  Oh, no, not at all.  It was just your playing with... and
being so sexy and all."

"Bullshit, husband of mine.  But since you're 'up', we may as well
put this to good use."  At this, Sal lowered her head and began to
blow her husband.

As her practiced tongue fluttered up and down his rod,  Jim closed
his eyes and imagined the erotic scene of Greg and Cheryl.  Then he
flashed on Candy joining them.  "She must have," he thought, "she
was a wreck too."  Then he thought about Jr. and Megan, his own
daughter.  Surely they must be, too.  Suddenly, Jim realized that
he'd been idly appreciating Megan's form for some time now.  He
tried to imagine what she looked like nude, sucking her cousin's
cock.

Such erotic images made his hips really start to buck.  Sal noticed
this enthusiasm.  She also shrewdly guessed the source.  Never one
to look a gift stallion in the dick, however, she simply climbed
aboard her husband's hips and reaped the benefits of his incest-
filled mind.

"Thinking about the girls, huh," she grinned, riding up and down.

"No," Jim gasped, without much conviction.

"Oh yes you are," she said, teasingly. "Thinking about Cheryl. 
About that long brown hair tickling your belly.  Those high-setting
titties like half a cantalope each."  Jim groaned.  

"Or Candy," she continued, "little blonde Candy with the budding
boobs.  That sweet little ass grinding on your crotch."  She ground
her pelvis down to demonstrate, and her husband groaned again, then
gasped "no".

"Or Megan," she added, "your own daughter..." she felt him shiver
beneath her and knew she had him "sweet, red-headed Megan.  Hair
like mine, so red.  Tits like mine, so full.  Here feel my tits,
honey.  Feel my tits, Daddy.  Oh Daddy, I want you to fuck me hard. 
Squeeze my titties while I ride you.  Oh Daddy,  oh Daddy, I'm
coming, Daddy, come with me!"

Sal's own talk had heated her up beyond belief.  But her mimicking
her daughter drove her husband over the edge.  With a shout of
"Yes!" he ground his fingers into her tits and buried his spurting
cock deep in Sal's spasming pussy. "Yes!  Oh, baby.  Yes!"

Then they both collapsed, spent.  After a few minutes, as Jim's
cock shrivelled inside her and slipped out, Sal spoke softly to her
resting husband.  "It's okay, baby.  Those are some sexy kids.  I'm
hot for the boys as much as you are for the girls.  And hell, I'd
even have some fun with the girls, too.  Let's find out if they
really are all fucking.  Then maybe we can do something about it."

"MMMmmmm," was his only reply, as he drifted off to sleep thinking
extremely naughty, but pleasant, thoughts.

--
