Archive-name: Family/evans3.txt
Archive-author: Ed Dippus
Archive-title: Evans Family - 3


Ch. 3

The next morning after breakfast, Greg steered Cheryl away from the
group unobtrusively.  Once they reached the living room, Cheryl
reached up, put her arms around his neck, and kissed him deeply on
the lips, making sure to slip her sexy cousin plenty of tongue.

"I'm so horny," she whispered, "can we get it on somewhere soon?"

"Oh God," he groaned back, "I'd love to, but Mom told me to take
Jr. fishing today.  Besides, I've got to talk to you."

"Who needs talk?" she giggled, slipping a hand down to massage the
front of his shorts.

"No really, it's about Jr." Greg insisted.  "He knows about us."

Cheryl was concerned, "Oh, no.  Will he tell on us?"

"No, no," he said impatiently, "It's not like that at all.  In
fact, he wants to get in on the act with Megan."

"Your sister?" she gasped.

"No, dummy, Megan the cow.  Of course my sister.  And we've gotta
help them."

"Oh, wow, neat!" Cheryl giggled again, "But how can we help?"

"Well, I can't very well walk up to my sister and say 'Hey, I've
been fucking Cheryl and Jr. wants to fuck you.'  We figure that if
you kind of brought the subject up during some 'girl talk' it might
seem more natural."

"Oh, I see,  'girl talk'.  I don't think your sister will take too
much persuading, though.  She seemed pretty interested in Jr.'s
package when you guys were changing."

"I think you're right.  Jr. says they were making some pretty
significant eye contact last night.  We've just got to help them
make more than eye contact.  I'm sure she's willing, just a little
shy about sex, especially with her cousin."
  
"Okay, I'll see what I can stir up.  I'll encourage her to get
together with Jr.  But I have one condition."

"Uh, what's that?"

"As long as I get to watch."

"I think that can be arranged," Greg grinned.  Then the two shared
another hot kiss before rejoining the family.

That afternoon, as Greg and Jr. were out fishing, Megan, Cheryl and
Candy climbed up in the hayloft of the barn to rest and chat after
helping Sal clean house.  All day long, Cheryl had been trying to
maneuver Megan away from Candy and Sal so that they could have
their little talk, but a propitious moment never arose.  Even now,
she had tried to get Megan up the stairs in the barn without Candy,
but her younger sister obstinately tagged along.

So the conversation proceeded along normal channels, centering on
school, clothes, music and a little bit on boys, but nothing
blatantly sexual.  Each girl was sprawled out on a pile of soft,
sweet hay, not really looking at the others, aimlessly chatting
while watching dust motes float around in the afternoon heat: a
truly lazy scene.

Cheryl was in the middle of describing the spring dance when Candy
raised her head up and said "Hey, what's that? Do you guys hear
something?"

A faint growling and snarling drifted up to the girls from the
floor of the barn below.  

"It sounds like two dogs fighting," Cheryl said.

The girls jumped lay down on their stomachs at the edge of the
loft, poking their heads under the railing so they could look down
and see the commotion.  Sure enough, Megan's golden retriever Sam
was embroiled in a struggle with a mongrel, one of several dogs
which lived on the farm as quasi-pets.

"They ARE fighting!" Candy exclaimed.  "Won't Sam get hurt?"

"Naw, they're not fighting," Megan snorted, "that bitch is in heat. 
Sam's gonna mount her."

"You mean they're gonna fuck," Cheryl smirked.

"Oh, wow," Candy giggled.

"Shut up," the two older girls said in unison.

Wordlessly, the three girls watched as Sam chased the bitch in a
tight circle, pawing and sniffing at her rump.  Finally the bitch
settled down and planted her hind legs apart.  Sam immediately
climbed aboard, pulling at her flanks with his front paws while
hunching his hindquarters into hers.  Eventually he settled his
dick into her and started humping rhythmically.

Although none of the three could actually see the penetration from
above, each girl shivered involuntarily as dark thoughts of
sexuality obscured their minds.  Cheryl thought back to getting
humped by Greg, then thought ahead to making it with him doggie
style.  In fact, that was what she wanted right now: a hard,
animalistic fuck.

Candy also thought about last night.  Then, just as now, she was
merely a passive voyeur.  The only difference was that last night
she could stroke her sweet pussy while observing the action.  Now
she could only grind her clothed mons against the floor of the
hayloft.

Megan also was turned on by the sight below, but for different
reasons than the other two.  She also ground her hips against the
floor, wishing she could shuck her jeans and masturbate...or
better.

Soon, Sam reached a climax.  His hips speeded up to a blur, then
jerked almost to a complete halt.  The bitch was still fastened
securely to him, they had gotten into a tie, but it didn't last
long.  Sam tried to dismount a little too soon and ended up with
one hind leg comically cocked over the bitch's back, stilled joined
to her at the groin.  But the knot in his doggy cock went down
enough for them to pop loose.  The bitch immediately trotted away,
and Sam settled down on his side to lick and clean his long, pink
dick.

The sight of his organ burned into the minds of the three girls, as
they heaved a collective sigh and crawled back to their piles of
hay.  "Wow," said Megan, "was that ever heavy duty."

"Yeah," Cheryl agreed, "I've never seen people do it, but if it's
half as erotic as that was, it must be amazing."

"Oh, it is," blurted Candy, without even thinking.

"What?!?!" her sister and cousin chorused.

"I mean, it must be.  I mean... oh, I don't know what I mean."

Megan asked "When did you ever see to people making it?"

"Yeah, exactly when?"  Cheryl pressed, having a sneaking suspicion
as to what the answer would be.

Candy looked her sister in the eye and saw that Cheryl knew "Last
night," she said in a small voice.

"Oh, great," Cheryl snorted, "my sister the voyeur!"

"What?"  Megan pleaded  "Who did she see?  What's going on?"

"Go ahead and tell her."

"Last night, I accidentally saw Cheryl and, um Greg, uh,  doing it
behind the crib."

"Really?" Megan hooted, "Oh, wow.  Neat!"

"Neat?" Cheryl asked.

"Well, yeah.  It's just,  um,  I kind of like Jr.  And if you and
Greg... if it's okay... then maybe, you know..." Megan trailed off,
embarassed.

"No, that's great," Cheryl said, "That's what I've been wanting to
talk to you about all day, but I didn't want to say anything in
front of the brat."

"Hey!" Candy said indignantly.

Cheryl went on, ignoring her, "Greg told me this morning that Jr.
wants you, too.  They asked me to set it up with you.  No, that's
cool, Megan.  Go ahead.  Confidentially, it's a blast."

"But what about me?" Candy wailed, "Who do I get to fuck?"

Startled by the question, Cheryl and Megan looked at each other,
then turned back to Candy.  Cheryl hesitated, looked like she was
going to say something, opened her mouth and...

"CHERYL!   CHERYL EVANS!   Come on down and help your old aunt fix
supper."  It was Aunt Sal, calling up from the barn door.  Cheryl
looked back at Candy, shrugged, and scampered down the steps.

Candy turned to Megan.

"Well," she said.

"'Well' what?" Megan asked back, uneasily.

"Cheryl and Greg, you and Junior, Aunt Sal and Uncle Jim.  Who does
that leave me?  I want sex too, but no one is interested in ME.  I
don't even know anything about it, and no one wants to teach me."

Candy seemed on the verge of tears, and Megan wanted to help her. 
But she honestly didn't know what to suggest.  Finally, she latched
on to the last part of Candy's lament, and decided to begin there.

"Well, Candy," she said gently, "I don't know a whole lot about
sex.  But I'll be glad to teach you what I do know."

"Really?" Candy said, brightening a bit.

"Sure," said her cousin, "who knows, maybe even if you learn a lot,
maybe Greg might want to help you out."

"Really?!" Candy really brightened, "When can we start."

"Right now, I guess.  Well, you've seen fucking.  I've seen it on
a lot of animals.  In fact, everything I know about sex has come
from the animals and a little bit from Mom and from checking out
myself."

"Yourself?"

"Right, um, let's see. Well, here..." and with that, Megan stripped
off her t-shirt.  She then shucked her shorts.  "You get naked,
too," she encouraged, "if you want to learn." 

Candy eagerly complied, and soon the two cousins were standing
naked, awkwardly facing each other.

"Okay, ummm,  let's sit down,"  Megan said.  She knew what she
wanted to do with her young cousin, but she was a bit miffed on how
to start it off.  The two sat down facing each other, their legs
spread and knees bent.  Candy, who was used to seeing naked girls
(like her sister), did not seem fazed by the pose, so Megan decided
to plunge ahead.

"Well, if you've seen Greg and Cheryl, then you know what fucking
is, like when guys and girls do it.  But there are other ways to
have fun."

"Like licking one another?" Candy asked.

"Yeah, where did you... oh, Greg and Cheryl."

"Yeah, it looked like a lot of fun."

"It is, but you can't do it to yourself.  You've got to use your
hand on yourself."

"Okay," Candy said expectantly.

"Okay, well, first you should get to know your errogenous zones. 
Those are the places on your body where stuff feels real good. 
Like your tits."

Here Megan wet her fingers and began to rub around her nipples. 
Immediately the red caps of her tits stood out, and the nipples
thickened and lengthened.  "Go ahead," she urged, "you do it."

Candy immediately followed suit.  But this was tame to her. She
could touch herself anytime, like she did last night.  She wanted
CONTACT.

"Isn't this more fun if someone else does it for you?" she
demanded.

"Yes," Megan admitted.

"Well, then,"  Candy hopped up and knee walked over to her startled
older cousin, "you do me and I'll do you."

Delighted, Megan dropped her own heavy globes and raised her hands
to tweak her cousin's smaller but developing tits.

"Yeah,"  Candy said, then hefted Megan's tits from below.  For a
few minutes they continued like that, Candy kneeling between
Megan's legs, her smaller hands kneading the older girl's bosoms,
her fingers occasionally flicking the nipples.  Megan, for her
part, rolled her cousin's nipples between wet thumbs and
forefingers.  Both girls' breathing got heavier in the still air of
the barn.

Finally, the disparity in their positions became more evident to
Megan, who realized she had been leaning closer and closer to her
young cousin's chest.  Without thought or hesitation, as soon as
the urge struck her, she lowered her head to Candy's breast and
sucked it into her mouth.

"Oh, yesss," Candy breathed, closing her eyes and cradling her
cousin's titian tresses.

Megan sucked and licked Candy remorselessly, as the younger girl
got hotter and hotter.  Then she brought her hand up between the
girl's legs, and cupped the moist, pouty pussy lips.

"Ohh, MEGan," Candy moaned.  Then she pulled Megan's head up from
her breasts for a kiss.

Like a breaking dam, that kiss unleashed a torrent of passion. 
Megan sank back, pulling Candy down on top of her.  The two nubile
young bodies writhed against one another, the younger girl's
firmer, pointier breasts mashing and molding themselves into the
more pillowy tits of her cousin.  Soon two sets of female lips made
their wet ways to many other female body parts.  Unspoken agreement
sent them into a loving 69.  Candy eagerly plunged her face into
the red-frilled pussy beneath her, savoring her first taste of
pussy.

But before they got too far into their passion, as sudden wet
coldness intruded itself into Candy's exposed pussy, making her
jump up in surprise.  Almost simultaneously, Megan yelled out "SAM,
NO!"

The two girls ended up sitting again, facing each other and Sam the
dog, who, hearing the commotion above him had come to investigate. 
Faced with one of his favorite smells in the world, he had
naturally dived in.

"Bad dog," Megan scolded, "Candy, I'm sorry.  It's my fault."

"How is it your fault?" Candy asked, "He didn't know what he was
doing."

"I'm afraid he does,"  Megan admitted sheepishly, looking down.

"How did he...  you mean... Oh my GOD!"  Cnady was surprised, but,
oddly enough, not disgusted.  Her mind, besotted with lust, flashed
back on the tableau of Sam fucking the bitch earlier.  Her lust
both unsated and undiminshed made her extremely interested.  "What
can he do?"

Surprised, Megan looked up.  She saw the eager lust written in her
cousin's face.  No longer ashamed, she warmed to the idea of
introducing her young cousin to another form of pleasure. "Anything
you want," she answered in an oddly husky voice.

Without further ado, Candy leaned back and spread her legs.  "Make
him eat me," she commanded.

Megan crawled over to sit beside Candy.  "C'mere Sam," she cajoled. 
Sam walked warily up to the girls, then sat down between Candy's
splayed feet.

Megan leaned over her cousin's hip and fingered her clit.  Candy
squirmed a bit and Sam looked interested.  Megan continued to rub
her cousin's pussy, now and then sliding a finger between the lips. 
Finally, she began actively rubbing Candy's wet pussy.  All the
while Sam looked on avidly, his nostrils flaring.

"This is how it started between Sam and me," Megan explained.  "I
always came up here to rub off, and one day Sam was watching me. 
I was thinking about getting licked when all of a sudden it
happened.  I went off so hard I almost blacked out.  Sam got scared
and ran away.  At first I was shocked, but then I didn't care.  It
felt so good I wanted it to happen again and again.  And it has."

All the while, Candy was getting wetter and wetter.  Finally Megan
held her hand in front of Sam, who started licking Candy's juices
of it.  Megan withdrew her hand and Sam followed after it.  She
laid it on her cousin's pubic bone, patting the matt of hair
beneath and saying, "Come on, Sam."

Tentatively he leaned in, then instinct took over.  The first lick
wiped Candy's crotch from anus to clit, and she came like a
skyrocket.  But Sam didn't stop licking, and eventually settled
into a deep, steady lap into her pussy.

Candy settled down into the rhythm as well, enjoying the feel of
the almost prehensile canine tongue fucking her.  As long as Sam
stayed away from her clit she could keep from going crazy.

For her part, once Megan saw that Candy and Sam were getting on
okay, she began to think about her own enjoyment.  She decided to
practice her fellatio techniques just in case Jr. liked having his
cock sucked.

She made Sam stand up by raising his hindquarters off the floor of
the loft.  For a second, his nose was pushed deeper into Candy's
crotch, who moaned deeply.  But he never missed a lick.

Megan slid underneath her pet and found herself "eye-to-eye" with
Sam's pink doggy prick which was lolling out of its sheath. 
Without hesitation she sucked it between her lips and started a
back and forth motion.  Although it was not fast enough to make the
dog cum, it still felt good to both girl and dog.  Megan cradled
one arm under her head and started using the other to jack off.

This tableau continued until Sam's deep, long licks began to get
the better of the young teen.  Candy felt the impending orgasm
begin deep inside her, gathering force the way a tsunami does when
rushing down on a beach.  The slow, steady licks, relentless as the
tide, never varying enough to send her over the edge or to let her
fall back bore her higher and higher.  Straining with every fiber
in her being, her back arched, her nipples upthrust, her pussy
offered straight up to the dog, Candy began a series of short
explosive moans. "Oh...Oh...Oh...Oh!...Oh!...OH!...OH!!..."  until
finally, mercifully, her climax came.   "OhhhhhhhOhhhhhMy
Gaaaahhhhhd"  Candy moaned in a loud voice which rose to a shriek. 
Then, abruptly, it stopped.  Panting, relaxed and totally
fulfilled, Candy opened her eyes to find Sam and Megan grinning
down at her.  "That was incredible," she breathed.

"Glad you thought so," Megan smiled, but with a hint of an edge to
her voice, "but now it's my turn."

So saying, she turned toward a haybale. Megan pulled an old blanket
from behind it and spread it over the top.  Why she did became
clear in a minute as she lay her whole upper body down on the bale,
leaving her ass thrust up in the air.

"Come, Sam," she husked.

Sam didn't have to be asked twice.  His pump was primed by Megan's
sucking, and he came up quickly behind his mistress.  He hopped up
over her back and placed his paws on either side of her on the
bale.  His haunches wagged comically back and forth as he tried to
get his dick into a hole.  But Megan wasn't laughing as she reached
back with one hand and guided her pet's cock into her pussy.  Once
inside, Sam took a little hop forward then began fucking at the
furious pace he had exhibited before.

Utterly fascinated by the bestial coupling, Candy came over and sat
next to the bale.  Megans arms were cradled beneath her head and
her eyes were closed.   She looked like she might have been
sleeping were it not for the fact that her whole body vibrated to
Sam's ministrations.

"How does it feel?" Candy asked, awed.

"Great," Megan murmured.

"No, HOW does it feel?"

"Oh, it goes real fast and it's long and thin, much longer than a
boy's cock but much thinner too, until the end."
 
"What happens at the end?" Candy asked.

"The head swells up and it stuffs me full.  Then he comes."

"Don't you get stuck?"

"We haven't yet.  I was afraid we might but I must be too big."

"How did you teach him this?"

"I didn't, he just seemed to know how.  I wanted him to try so I
bent over a bale.  At first I scratched my boobs, but then I saw
this blanket there in the corner.  Once I was in position, Sam knew
what to do."

"Ohh," then Candy shut up and watched.  Sam's tongue was lolling
out of his mouth as he hunched his dick into his mistress.  Megan
kept the same blissful look on her face, occasionally rocking a
bit, but staying mostly still for fear of upsetting Sam's balance.

After a bit, Megan moaned and said "Ohh, I can feel him swelling
now."

A bit more and Megan began moaning more.  "He's getting much bigger
and it feels great.  Oh I feel so filled."  Her breath started
coming in pants now. 

"Oh..I..feel..so..filled..upp..an..I..guh..I..guh..I'm...
CUMMMMING! Ahh!  Ohh! Ohh!"  Sam speeded up as his mistress'
spasming pussy gripped him tighter, then Megan felt the hot flow of
his doggy jizz pouring into her pussy.  It only intensified her
orgasm.

Finally, Sam dropped his front paws down from the bale.  With an
audible "SCHLUP" his prick came free from Megan's pussy.  He
retired to a corner and began licking himslef clean.  "I wish I was
doing that" Candy thought.

Meanwhile, Megan stood up, dog jizz running in streams down her
legs.  She used the blanket to clean herself up, then folded it and
put it back in the corner.  She then came and lay down next to
Candy.  "Well, now you know everything I know," she said as they
cradled each other."

"Not quite," Candy said, "I still haven't been fucked yet."

"Well, maybe tomorrow Sam can help you.  Maybe we can even get
Greg, if he's not too busy with your sister.  In the meantime, we
have each other."

"Yeah," Candy said, but before they could even kiss, Sal's voice
came from the house.  "Girls!  Supper!"

Giggling, the two scrambled for their clothes.

--
