Everything
by deirdre

It took me much too long to get over my marriage to Tom.  For the 
longest time I still believed we were made for each other, even 
after he took up with a 23-year-old sexy little blonde thing named 
Vicky.  I was sure Tom would see reason.  I actually spent 5 years 
doing nothing but worrying about Tom as well as harassing him.  My 
younger sister, Amy, who always in the back of her own mind 
thought I was superhuman, was upset and distraught by my 
behaviour.  My friends Nina and Jim stood by me through the whole 
ordeal and I honestly say I couldn't have pulled out of it without 
them.  But I finally saw Tom for the bastard he was, and Nina said I 
was completely cured when I told her about a guy at work I had a 
crush on.  His name was Robert and he had never asked me out or 
anything, but I had actually started deliberately paying a little extra 
attention to him to see if something came of it.  I was fantasizing 
about him and looking forward to what might come about.

Nina and Jim are two of my oldest friends.  In fact, I feel 
responsible for helping bring them together: Jim lived two houses 
down from me throughout school and we always got along together 
and helped each other out even though we weren't romantically 
interested in each other.  Nina was my best friend in high school.  
She was (and is) a slender little brunette who turns men's heads.  
Jim confided in me that he was interested in her and asked me if she 
were interested in him.  I hadn't heard Nina say anything about Jim 
one way or the other, but I told him he should definitely go for it.  
And the rest is history.  They have remained my true friends ever 
since.

Anyhow, after Nina pronounced me cured, she told me she was so 
thrilled that I was "fully divorced" now and ready for adventure.  Her 
choice of phrase intrigued me but I didn't say anything.  Anyhow, one 
night we went to see an early movie and then gossiped over a drink.  
After we left the bar, I noticed she wasn't driving me home as I had 
expected she would.  Nor was she driving towards her own house.  I 
asked her where we were going and she smiled a little and said I'd 
see and then went right back to what we had been talking about 
before.  I was a little too distracted to keep up my end of the 
conversation, but she didn't seem to notice.

Finally we pulled up to a suburban house, a nice one.  I was more 
intrigued now.  She just told me to come on with her and we went up 
and rang the bell.  It was answered by a huge man--he must have 
been 6 foot 6 and, well he wasn't fat but he must have weighed 200 
and something--maybe 250!  He was very muscular, and though he 
wasn't completely lean, there was no doubt that he was a force to be 
reckoned with.  Nina introduced him as Joe and pulled me in.  We 
went into the living room and Nina went over to a liquer cabinet and 
made drinks!  I was beginning to get suspicious.  She pushed the 
drink on me and made me drink it as she downed hers.  Then she 
whispered to me "Isn't he a hunk?"  Then she whispered obscene 
things I couldn't believe, about what she'd like to do to him and what 
I might like to do to him.  He just stood there leaning against the 
door frame, drinking his drink.  Finally she pulled me over to him and 
making sure I was watching, she put her hand right on his zipper!  
And unzipped his fly!  Then she pulled me down to kneel beside her 
and dug her hand in and pulled out his cock!  It was huge!  I couldn't 
believe this: I was kneeling with Nina in front of a huge football 
player of a guy, looking at his cock, listening to her talking about 
sucking on it!  Then she put it in her mouth.  I started to stand, but 
she stopped and pulled me down again.  She told me to kiss it.  I 
squeaked out a quiet "no way", but she persisted.  She kissed it 
herself and said it was no big deal, then she pushed my head down to 
it.  She kept whispering me to give it a little kiss and finally I did.  
Then she licked it and slipped it in and out of her mouth and told me 
to put my lips over the head.  I couldn't believe I went ahead and did 
it.  Nina said "Yes!  Yes!"  She took it in her mouth and gave it a few 
more strokes, then indicated that it was my turn.  I went ahead and 
did it.  We took turns a couple of times, Nina making "mmm" sounds 
as if she were eating chocolate cheesecake or something.  Then when 
I was doing it, I noticed that Nina was sucking on another cock!  
Another man was there--just as big as Joe.  He was black and his 
cock was even larger.  I stopped for a second, and Nina immediately 
stopped, put her hand behind my head, and guided me back to sucking 
on Joe.  Then there was a third cock, another huge man and Nina was 
alternating between the two of them.  She looked like she was 
enjoying it more than they were!  Then she pulled me over to suck on 
the black guy's cock.  I couldn't believe I was doing this because I 
never had oral sex with Tom and only had had a couple of experiences 
with it (both bad) before that.  The black guy came and Nina sucked 
and swallowed all his come.  Something in me made me stop and 
draw away.  Nina whispered in my ear "Come on--it's fun to be a 
slut--live a little--just think of yourself as a little slut for the 
night!"  It did seem liberating in comparison to the little world I'd 
been living in over the last five years.

Nina was absolutely slutty the way she sucked on all those cocks.  I 
sucked on Joe some more, thinking of this as a one-time adventure 
and thinking about my new-found abilities that men dream about.  
Nina had gotten the other guy to come too, and finally I got Joe 
coming.  Nina whispered in my ear while he came, telling me to 
swallow.  I felt like such a sexy woman to be able to drive a guy 
crazy like that.

Well, Nina got me to suck on the black guy some more after that and 
he got hard again.  She was still going crazy, sucking each cock as 
much as she could, seemingly wishing she could do more.  And her 
mouth--what she said to the guys and me!  I still can't believe some 
of the nasty things she said!  Even though I sucked on the black guy 
off and on, all three guys came again in Nina's mouth and she 
swallowed it all.  Then she stood up, pulling me up with her, kissed 
them each on the lips, got me to kiss each one, then pulled me out 
the door back to her car.

I was speechless the whole way she drove me home.  She just 
jabbered on as if nothing unusual had happened.  I couldn't sleep that 
night thinking about that experience.  Never in my wildest dreams...

The one thing that bothered me after that was seeing Nina and Jim 
together again.  She was so lovey-dovey with Jim: kissing him; 
telling him how much she missed him if they had been apart for a 
couple of hours; pushing her body against his.  They were like that in 
front of me before, but now it bothered me knowing about Nina.  Once 
when she was cooing to Jim about how he was the only one for her, 
she winked at me!  She did it so Jim couldn't see!  I was positively 
sick.  It hadn't seemed like the first time Nina went to that house so 
I figured she would be going again, or maybe had already gone again!  
I couldn't stand it.

Well, one evening Jim was going to help me with my taxes.  I drove 
over and it turned out that Nina wasn't around.  Jim and I talked a 
little, did the damn forms, had a drink and talked some more.  I 
couldn't stand to think about Nina deceiving him the way she was--I 
felt so guilty hearing the way he would talk about her knowing what 
I knew.  Finally, I told him I needed to tell him something and did my 
best to signal that it was serious.  It was hard to say it, but I 
managed to blurt out what Nina was up to.  To say Jim was stricken 
would be an understatement.  He asked me if I was sure and watched 
my face closely just to decide whether it was true.  He looked so 
sad.  He buried his face in his hands and leaned forward.  I scooted 
right up next to him on the couch and put my arm around him.  I tried 
to think of something comforting to say, but words failed me.

Finally he sat up and looked at me.  My face was inches from his.  I 
looked into his eyes.  We were kissing in no time, and embracing like 
two long-lost lovers.  I wrapped my arms around his body and he 
wrapped his around mine.  I buried myself in his lips.  Soon I felt an 
excitement in my body and I had misgivings about where this was 
going.  But I didn't care.  He was so good, so masculine, and so 
undeserving of what he was getting from Nina.

It was obvious to both of us what was happening.  My blouse was 
unbuttoned and his hand was inside.  I was doing things I never would 
have believed--I had never been so forward with a man--even with 
Tom.  Soon we were in the bedroom and I was naked.  I wanted him so 
bad.  He stopped me and said that in his present frame of mind that 
he might be rough with me.  I told him to go ahead and use me.  He 
pushed me down on the bed, face forward, and held me down and used 
his fingers on my cunt and ass.  I knew part of him was taking out 
his anger on me, but somehow that excited me all the more.  He 
bound my hands together behind me with a handkerchief.  I had never 
done this before.  He put me over the foot end of the bed, and 
somehow tied me so my legs were hanging over the edge with my ass 
right at the edge of the bed.  He put cloth in my mouth and tied 
something around my head to hold it in.

Something told me he was going to take my ass.  He put K.Y. jelly on 
a finger and started working it in!  I had never had anything like that 
before.  I felt I was at Jim's disposal--I was.  It seemed like this 
would make it all better for him.  He was telling me to relax.  I felt 
more in.  Two fingers?  I tried hard to relax.  I wanted to do this for 
him.  Finally, I felt him pushing is cock into me.  I felt so full back 
there.  He had gotten me ready though and it was working OK.  He 
reached down and fingered my cunt.  I was hot again and wanting 
relief.  I wanted him to fuck my ass so hard.

Then Nina walked in.  I held my breath for the explosion.  But it didn't 
happen!  "Success!" she said in a nonchalant way.  Jim pulled out.  I 
was confused and didn't know what was happening.  Nina walked up 
next to me and put her face down next to mine.  She had an awful, 
evil smile on her face.  "I've been waiting for this" she said.  I felt a 
sting on my rear and realized she'd slapped it.  Then she wanted to 
watch Jim "do me".  Jim entered me again.  She got down next to me 
again and watched my face.  I felt fingers on my cunt again.  It 
seemed like it might be Nina's!  But the fingers did their work and 
soon I was gasping for breath.  Finally Jim came and I did too.

Afterwards they didn't untie me.  They just stood there and talked 
about it!  They talked to each other like kids in a candy store.  Soon 
they were talking about who to invite over!  I struggled, but I was 
too secure.  Nina laughed at my efforts.  Finally they decided to call 
Tom!  Then I really tried to get away, but still got nowhere.  I tried 
to scream in the gag, but the amount of sound I managed to make was 
pitiful.  Nina was on the phone.  I heard her say to bring Vicky!  I 
couldn't believe this was happening!

Then Nina went off and came back with a ping-pong paddle.  She 
whacked my ass off and on, telling me what a spankable ass I had.  
Once again, I couldn't believe the way she talked.  She told me she 
was going to enjoy seeing Tom's cock in my ass.

Tom and Vicky finally showed up.  When Vicky saw me, she giggled.  
In fact, she went into uncontrollable giggles, which kept coming 
back all evening.  Tom was ready to take up their offer to try my ass, 
and Vicky just seemed to think it was the funniest thing she had 
ever seen.  I was so embarrassed.

Soon Tom had his cock in my ass, and Nina and Jim were talking 
about who to call again.  Finally Nina called Amy, my sister, and then 
she called Robert from where I work!  Tom was still working on my 
ass when Nina showed Robert in!  I could barely make out what she 
was telling him, but I heard her say "hot little slut" and "wants it 
bad".  She was trying to convince him to take my ass too.  He was 
interested enough to watch, but didn't want to participate.  The look 
I saw on his face made me want to die!  Then Amy showed up.  She 
ran to me, asking how could I do such a thing.  I couldn't do anything 
more than moan with the gag on.  I wished she'd take it off.  Nina 
was serving drinks to the whole group, who settled down to watch 
me.  I saw Vicky making eyes at Robert.  She always had to be in the 
center of things--had to have every man's attention.  Tom finally 
came in my rear.  Nina tried to get Robert to take his place.  He 
wouldn't so she started doing it with a dildo.  Robert and Vicky were 
mostly paying attention to each other though she still managed to 
giggle whenever she looked over at me.  Tom was talking to Amy.  
Soon I saw that he was feeling up her breasts!  And she was letting 
him!  Vicky and Robert left the room.  I could tell they were just 
going to find a private place.  Nina had taken the dildo out of my ass 
and was whipping my ass with a belt.  Tom had Amy naked.  I heard 
him talking to her about taking her ass.  She was agreeing!

Amy was lying face down on the carpet and Tom was lying on top of 
her.  Robert and Vicky had stuck their heads in to see what was going 
on.  They had towels wrapped around their bodies.  Vicky giggled 
again when she looked at me.  Robert kissed her.  I could see that 
their mouths were open.  Jim was pushing his cock into my ass again.  
Nina was naked and on the bed in front of me, pushing her cunt 
towards my face.  She told me she was going to take the gag off and 
that I was going to lick.  I looked at her cunt.  I knew that I would.

