                    EVERY HOUR

                  by V.P. Viddler


     Lisa didn't know which of the boys it was. The blindfold saw 
to that. 

     He didn't talk, only making grunting sounds, happy, piggish 
rutting grunts as he did it to her. long grunts and short grunts, 
doing it and doing it as she lay helpless and taut beneath him, 
spread and straining, all of her open and unable to move, to 
fight, because of the strong tight ropes binding wrists and 
ankles to the bedposts.

     Not that his voice would help to identify him; Lisa didn't 
know any of them, except for Tom.

     Her younger brother, Tom.

     Who had put her here.

     And brought six boys to do this to her. What this boy was 
doing to her.

     And for her to do things to them. For them. Which Lisa 
wouldn't do.

     It didn't matter how much it hurt.

     But they thought if they hurt her enough she would do it. 
Them.

     Lisa didn't want to think so. But it didn't stop. It had no 
stop. How long had it been? How many hours with boys raping her 
continually. Not continually. But spasmodically. But steadily. 
And hurting her. Awful hurt. Agony.

     But no. She wouldn't.

     They knew she would.

     Lisa was afraid she would too.

     And now the boy was grunting hard, almost shouting, and now 
he was pounding on her body and spurting into her.

     And Lisa was afraid. Now more pain.

     But she wouldn't.

     How many times? Every hour. Every hour on the hour, she 
could hear a clock striking and a boy would come in and Lisa 
couldn't see which boy it was and couldn't talk with the thick 
gag in her mouth and couldn't do anything to stop his hands on 
her body and his body on hers and his cock going into her and his 
fucking, his slow or fast or hard or soft fucking and his 
grunting or giggling or panting or taunting as he did it to her.
     
     And then standing up. A striking of a match. An inhalation, 
a blowing out of smoke. Into her face.

     "Will you do it, Lisa?"

     Taut, shaking, biting at the gag, Lisa stubbornly shaking 
her head. And then pain.

     Agony.

     Screaming horrible agony of a hot burning cigarette slowly, 
slowly ground out on her breast. Slowly twisting burning into 
soft tender helpless flesh. Lisa arching against her bonds and 
screaming into the gag.

     And the door closing.

     Lying for an hour.

     A door opening.

     Raping.

     Asking.

     Burning.

     And now this boy was standing up. Lisa could not help 
whimpering with the striking of the match. Shaking her head.

     Inahalation. Exhalation.

     Oh god have mercy I can't please sweet Jesus help me I can't 
no not again I can't I can't I can't---

     "Will you do it, Lisa?"

     No! Mewling into the gag. No! Don't! No! I can't! Crying.

     Lisa was nodding. Moaning into the gag. Sobbing. Nodding. 
Nodding hard, fast.

     "You will?"

     Nodding. Crying. I can't, I can't, no more.

     The boy was at the door.

     "I got her," he said.

     Crying, sobbing into the gag. All the boys came into the 
room. Someone pulling off the blindfold. Tom grinning down at 
her.

     "I knew you would, Lisa." Undoing her gag, pulling it out. 
"Say it."

     No.

     "Say it, Lisa."

     The boy standing with the cigarette. Waiting.

     "I'll do it," Lisa said, crying.

     "You'll do what?" Tom said. "Say it. Say it or I'll burn you 
till you do."

     Lisa was sobbing, body shaking, naked and helpless in front 
of them all.

     "I'll suck your cocks," Lisa said, crying, sobbing.

     "Say it again," Tom said, grinning.

     "I'll suck your cocks," Lisa said.

     "Say it again."

     "I'll suck your cocks."

     "Again."

     "I'll suck your cocks."

     "Tell us you want to, Lisa."

     "I want to."

     "You want to what, Sis?"

     "I want to suck your cocks."

     "Burn her," Tom said. "Just so she'll do it right."

     "No! I will! I will! I swear I will!"

     The boy did it slowly, grinning at her eyes, squeezing one 
breast while grinding the cigarette into the other, and all the 
boys watching Lisa arching and straining and bucking and flailing 
and Tom now fucking his sister and raping her and then Lisa was 
untied and crawling from boy to boy and taking each cock into her 
mouth and sucking slowly crying and swallowing all day...
