  My wife, Helen, works as the personal secretary for a top level executive. From the very beginning, her salary was extremely large. In fact, she easily makes more than I do. This is not really surprising because, you see, Helen also serves as her boss' sex slave. During the working day, she is fucked repeatedly by Lennard and his friends. In addition, her services are frequently required during the evening. Here are my recollections from on recent night:  It was a Saturday evening and Helen was the star attraction at a party being held at Lennard's plush country home. I was allowed to watch discreetly so long as I didn't interfere. The party was downstairs in an elaborately furnished room. There were six men present, not counting me. My wife looked ravishing beautiful in her clinging white dress that was so low-cut, her breasts were exposed almost to the nipples. The hem of her dress was above her knees and she wore dark thigh-high mesh hose. The men could hardly keep their hands off her body, not that there was any need for them to do so.  In the center of the room stood Lennard's favorite toy, an elaborate "fucking table." The table is an exotic bondage device. Its surface is plushly padded and contoured. Cuff restraints for the arms and wrists line each side and several padded leather straps are available for securing the occupant to the table. The table surface ends at the hips and metal stirrups stretch out on each side (like a doctor's examining table) for placement of the feet. Support bars pass under each knee and several leather straps along each assembly secure the legs in position. Almost every part of the table can be moved electronically from the control panel.   Helen was blindfolded and then forced to raise her dress up to her hips, allowing the men a good view of her legs, butt and pussy mound. One of the men ordered her to bend over; she hurriedly obeyed. The men admired and stroked the expanse of her ass, which was covered only by her thin panties. They were soon pulled up tightly into her ass crease, fully exposing her. She spread her legs widely upon further command. Fingers stroked up and down her cunt slit while other hand squeezed her full ass cheeks.  Next, she was required to remover her tits from her dress for inspection. As each man squeezed her big 38 inch globes, she was made to hold her dress up above her hips so as to keep her cunt available for anyone who wished to stroke it. Finally, she was pushed to her knees and her mouth was forced open to accept each man's cock. She kept her dress raised while she sucked.  Finally, the men were ready to put her into bondage on the fucking table. Two of them picked her up and placed her full-length onto its surface. Another made certain her dress stayed above her hips during the process. Once in position, her arms were fastened to the sides of the table with the cuffs. Next, a large strap was passed above her naked tits and another right below them. These straps were cinched tightly around the table base. A third leather strap was passed over her hips, binding her firmly to the table top.  Several of the men were clearly more interested in working on the beautiful brunette's shapely legs. Her spike heels were arranged properly into the metal stirrups and securely tied in place with several soft straps. Then, more cuffs and straps were passed around her calves and thighs, binding them to the support bars. When they are finished, my wife is in total bondage, unable to move and totally helpless.  Lennard began to operate the control panel buttons. The table top could be raised or lowered as desired to place my wife's ass and cunt at any desired height. In addition, the padded surface underneath her hips could be raised to force her cunt upward. The stirrups operated independently. Each could be raised so as to keep her leg extended as her spiked heel was forced upward to point directly at the ceiling. Or, if desired, the stirrups could lift her legs up and back while bending them at the knees to bring her knees in near contact with her tits. Naturally, another button controlled the spreading of her legs.  As the men rapidly shed their clothes in anticipation of the fun to come, Lennard pressed the buttons that lifted both of Helen's legs up into the standard fucking position. Once in the fucking position, he adjusted the table height so that her cunt was precisely aligned with his cock. In the meantime, the rest of the men were busy fondling her tits and sucking hard on the distended nipples. Another guy had his hand in her panties, finger-fucking her. Lennard told him to tip them off. He did so in one forceful motion, leaving my wife's cunt and ass extended past the end of the fucking table, fully accessible to anyone who wished to use her.  Lennard selected a large vibrating dildo, lubricated the shaft and slowly pressed it against my wife's pussy. She cried out as it touched her clit and then groaned loudly as Lennard shoved the thick shaft into her counthole. The entire 10 inches was quickly drilled deeply into her vagina. As soon as Lennard had inserted the first dildo, another man selected a second one and moved up to her exposed ass to plug that hole. He carefully coated the entire length of the dildo with lubricant and them pushed it's thick shaft into her asshole. She shrieked loudly as it stretched the small hole open and entered. The man didn't let up on the pressure until he had its entire length buried in her ass.  While those two were busy with my wife's cunt and ass, one of the men pressed another one of the buttons and her head was lowered backward. This put her mouth in perfect sucking position; he quickly took advantage of the target by shoving his hard cock so deeply into her mouth that it touched her throat.  Once Helen had vibrators filling both her vagina and her ass, they wanted her spread even wider. The motors hummed and spread my wife's legs as wide as possible. Lennard and another man began working with a third vibrator on her clit. This vibrator was the type that usually comes with a rubber attachment over a metal post. They had removed the rubber attachment and were working on my wife's clit with the blunt end of the vibrating post.  Lennard held Helen's pussy lips apart while his friend applied the vibrator to her pulsing clit. All the while, both vibrators churned away inside her cunt and ass. In less than a minute, her clit was throbbing wildly in a violent orgasm which caused the man who was fucking her mouth to shoot his load down her throat.  Again and again, they brought Helen to violent orgasms. Finally, a black man removed the dildo from her ass and raised the table to align his cock with her open asshole. He rammed forward and Helen groaned as he entered her rectum. She groaned even louder when the man thrust his prick into the hilt and began fucking her very hard. She was grunting and gasping on each inward stroke. Her groans were silenced, however, when a second man again lowered her head and shoved his cock into her mouth. The two men fucked my wife in unison for several minutes. Then they fired point blank into her waiting orifices. Cum spilled from her lips and asshole when they pulled out.  Helen was not given any time to rest. They still had her legs bent back and spread wide. The cunt dildo was still in her and another huge cock was slamming in and out of her asshole with hard-driving strokes. She shrieked hysterically from the ass fucking. A cock in her mouth choked  off her moans. This time I knew the guy was going to cum in her ass very quickly. He fucked her harder and harder...his eyes clinched shut and he gasped as his cum spurted into her ass. Moments later her mouth received another load.   It went on like this for over an hour. As soon as one man would come in Helen, another would take his place. They were alternating between her cunt and ass. Some of the men would fuck both holes at once...one stroke into her cunt...the next into her ass. During the few moments, when no one had a hard-on to shove into her, both holes were filled with huge vibrating dildoes.  Then they began to spank her naked ass. One leg was lowered, the other stretched toward the ceiling to allow the man on the right to paddle her asscheek until it turned a bright red. They lowered her right leg and raised her left. The black guy smacked that buttcheek until it was also hot and red. Helen was crying and begging them to stop, to fuck her, anything, only "please stop!" she begged. They paid her no attention. Both of her legs were jerked up into the air and pressed backward until her knees touched her tits. Both paddles began to fall on her upturned asscheeks at once. The left paddle smacked her ass, then the right, back and forth, until she was having one wrenching climax after the next.  When all six cocks were hard again, they stripped, moved her cunt into proper position and began to fuck her very hard. The first man came inside her in seconds. He pulled out, allowing his cum to run down the crease of her ass while the second moved into position and drilled her pussy. He filled her with a second load. The third man fucked her ass hard, causing her to shriek in pain. He pulled out just before he came and filled her pussy with his cum. The fourth man alternated between her cunt and asshole but like the others, shot his load into her cunt. The fifth man didn't even bother with her ass. He slugged his cock deep into my wife's cunthole on the first thrust and fucked her hard and deep for several minutes. She was coming again when he fired off. Lennard was the last man and he fucked her cunt until he was about to cum. He then pulled out and shot his load all over her belly and tits.  After this, the men left her bound to the fucking table while they left to rest. They returned several times during the night, together and alone, to fuck my wire's ass, mouth and cunt. It was early in the morning before she was released and I could take her home to rest up for work on Monday morning.                               