Archive-name: Affairs/exercise.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Exercise Affair


Dear Santa,

     I wanted to thank you for that nice exercise video you sent me.  I was
really surprised to find it in my stocking...I mean...at 36 24 35...I didn't
feel chubby!  But the phone lines were down this morning, and I was bored
so I tried it out for a lark....it WAS a LARK!!!!

     I got into my leotards and leg warmers and started the tape.  Good
old warm-ups...yuck!!...but this tape has some damn good looking dudes
doing the exercises...and I got...."warmed up" as I watched.  I even felt
a little kinky doing the pelvic rocks as I watched their pelvises tilt 
provacatively towards my own.  My gaze remained riveted on their pelvises
as Jane began the arerobics.  Through their stretchie suits I could barely
make the outline of a certain muscle that I thought could use some exercise.
...damn...better get back to work!  1-2-3-4 arms front...arms back...arch
out that chest...push it out!  ...well Jane...I'm thrusting my chest out
as arched as I can...can't you see those taut nipples pointing at those
hairy chests beside you?!!!??  I'ld like to lick their nipples each
time they arch them towards me!

     But its a little warm in all this...I'm sliding off the leg warmers
and unbuttoning my leotard.  The background music is nice...reminds me of
this time I was with this guy in his car...well, never mind.
1-2-3-4 better follow the steps turn right 3-4...oh...lordy...look at HIM!
There is this gorgeous hunk of man working on my phone lines...well...
actually it seems he's more interested in playing peeping Tom!  And 
he didn't catch me looking...I think I'll have a little fun with him!!
Besides...these dudes on the tape have been totally ingnoring me!
Instead of moving my arms around in circles..I'll let my hands circle
my breasts as I rock my chest back and forth in time to the music...
oh, yes...he's still watching!  I wonder if he'll notice me licking my 
lips...mmmmmmm....

    Ah...back to the pelvic rock again...guess I'll point mine towards the 
window as I pretend to keep watching the screen.  My hands start on my
hips but move toward my thighs with each rock...my hands are just reaching
under the leotard as Jane swithches to floor exercises.  I'm really putting
on a show now as I unbutton all my buttons and caress my breasts thru my
bra...yeah...this'll make him HOT!!!   Now my hands are roaming up and 
down my thighs and I too have gotten very HOT...my breathing has changed
and I no longer want to tease...I want that man...NO ..I NEED HIM...NOW!!
I look at him and our eyes lock this time and he smiles wolfishly.
I beckon with my finger but he just smiles at me...and rakes his eyes
over my wanton body.  Now HE pretends he's working...but he's still 
peeking!!!    
  
     Two can play this game!  I closed the curtains and waited...hoping.
The door bell rang!  "can I have a drink of water"  "Please do cum in"
I gave him his water then turned to open the door to let him out.  HE
grabbed me then and said he wanted to do a few exercises with me.  He
had the strongest tannest arms and I wanted him...so I took him into
the exercise room and started on warm-ups.  I exercised my tongue on 
his lips and his salty, musky neck.  He quickly joined me in these 
routines..as we deviated quickly from Jane's routines.  His strong
and gentle hands began to explore my hungry body...my nipples arched
longinly for his touch...I moaned when he found them.  He caressed 
them with his hands...then explored them with his tongue, sending 
shivers throughout my body...when he took each nipple in his mouth
and sucked it was too much.  I became so hot and so dizzy, I begged 
him to stop.  Instead he continued to suck while his fingers drifted 
down and under my leotard.  He felt around for my clit as I greedily 
guided my clit to his lovin fingers.  I needed it then.  Sucking
and stroking he took me higher and higher..no chance for a breath
my clit hot and swollen soon exploded its passion climaxing for 
what seemed forever!!  Damn it was good!  Thank You Mister!!!

    I asked if there was anything I could do to repay him...and of 
course he was ready with an answer.  He took off his jeans and stood
over me. He was ready!  Through the bottoms of his red Boxers I 
saw his gleaming hardness.  I got up on my knees for a better look
and pulled the boxers down to expose his want.  I quickly gave him
a "blow job" breathing lightly over the lenghth of his shaft.  He 
responded by moving his dick closer to my mouth..."suck me...please"
I kissed the tip then wrapped my tongue aroungd his head...as he 
began to moan.  I continued feathering his shaft with my tongue
as I felt his need increase.  He begged me to take it all in and 
I relented.  He was so hot he began to thrust into my mouth... I put
an end to that.  I held his hips steady as I slowly sucked his weapon 
deep into my throat, sliding it out, sucking it deep.  When I was ready 
I increased the tempo.  He soon spurted with joy.  

     AS he rested himself I finished undressing and demanded equal
time!  He laughed and said we should be even already but that as he 
was in a very generous mood I should prepare myself.  But I wasn't 
prepared for such an onslought!  He started with my lips and ears
and my neck...teased my nipples and then totally mastered me with
his attentions to my clit.  He used his fingers, his toes, his teeth
and his tongue...and what a tongue...he had me so high I never knew
if I was cuming or going...I know I did a lot of cuming...Then he
gave me a very wet sloppy kiss and entered me with his hard cock.
I wouldn't have thought that I had any energy left to respond.
But after a few deep thrust, an answering need grew in me.  My walls
responded trying to capture his higness as he drew back after each
new thrust.  He positioned himself so that the thrust was greatest 
near my clit.  Each time he thrust a surge of shivers raked my body...
I was climbing higher and higher again nearing the places he had 
already driven me.  He had total control and held himself back till 
he felt me climax...then he spent himself with 3 great deep strokes
and we lay spent in each others arms.  

     I must admit, it WAS a GREAT workout!!!  Eat your heart out, Jane!!!

                                                     Love,
                                                     Sadie.

--
