Archive-name: Family/exhib.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Family Exhibitions


I'm an exhibitionist.  I guess I always have been and I expect I
always will be.  That point in childhood when most kids (or at
least most girls) learn modesty, I didn't.  I do remember my folks
trying to shame me into covering up when I would dance out of my
bedroom in next to nothing while guests were at our house but my
blushing just became part of my repertoire.  

As a teenager, I was completely open around Mom.  If I knew only
the two of us were home, I would walk up to Mom stark naked and
while absentmindedly fiddling with a nipple or my budding pubic
hair, ask her some totally innocent question like what time some
TV show came on or how one makes hamburger gravy.  I know she
wanted to chew me out for being so immodest but my questions threw
her off the track.  In answering my questions she would forget that
she was going to get after me.  Other times I would pick a mundane
time like during breakfast to ask her when her breasts developed
or when she got her period.  She was just liberated enough to try
to answer but would get all flustered.

There was a certain method to my madness.  Even at the tender age
of twelve I sensed that being so open with others would excite and
arouse them and I think I even hoped that they would reciprocate. 
Perhaps I got that idea when I was three or four, playing "doctor"
with the neighbor.  With Mom it worked.  When I intentionally
"walked in" on her just as she got out of the shower, she couldn't
very well try to hide her nakedness from me by saying "How would
you like me to walk in on you?"  After all, I had shown her
everything I had.  I would talk about anything but what I really
wanted to talk about---sex, but Mom would still get aroused.  I
could tell from her tits.  And it was fun to watch her still try
to be coy and modest.

Mom still had a beautiful figure and she kept her weight down well. 
Her breasts were a 36, capped with rosy nipples that stuck out a
good half inch when she was excited.  Her bush was thick and black. 
One day I really shocked her by asking if I could examine her "down
there".  Before she had a chance to say no, I suggested that we
both undress in front of my folks' full-length mirror so that I
could get an idea of what a mature woman looks like.  Then, while
she was still shaking her head in disbelief as much as disapproval,
I pulled her by the hand into her bedroom.

First, I took off my sweater and training bra.  The bra was
certainly unnecessary as my breasts at that time were little more
than swollen nipples.  When Mom unslung her breasts, I gasped
visual appreciation which was not a put on.  To my teenage mind,
Mom was a knockout.  I asked if I could touch them and she quickly
said no.  I didn't push it.  Instead, I pulled down my shorts and
then slid my panties over my hips and let them fall to the floor. 
I fluffed up the small patch of hair adorning my pussy and sort of
opened up my labia with a couple of fingers.  The action was not
lost on Mom.  She caught her breath and her nipples stiffened
noticeably.

"Not much to look at, am I, Mom?" I queried.  

"Well, dear, I think you have a beautiful body for a 13-year old. 
I didn't get any boobs until I was 15"

"What about your pussy hair, Mom?  Isn't this pitiful?"  While
saying this, I again fluffed up my hair.

"When I was your age girls didn't touch themselves 'down there' so
I don't remember much about what or when I developed anything. 
Even now, I don't really know anything about what I look like 'down
there'."

"Oh, Mom, you're kidding me!  The human body is beautiful and
judging from what I've seen, yours is especially so!  Here, let's
look and see."  With that I pulled down on Mom's slacks catching
her panties at the same time.  As her clothes came over her hips,
my forearm brushed against her bush and it felt like electricity
shooting up my arm.  Mom covered her face with her hands as I knelt
down to help her step out of her clothes.  With my eyes at the same
level as her crotch, I noticed a string dangling from Mom's pussy. 
She had a tampon in.

"Mom, why do you have a string down here?"  I reached for the
string with no intention of pulling it out but the effect was the
same for Mom.

"Don't!" she yelped.  "This is all too confusing to me.  You need
to let me collect my thoughts."

I decided that I really should slow down a little.  But the
opportunity was too precious to completely abandon my idea.  I
suggested that we sit down and talk a little--- "woman to woman". 
Mom went for that and didn't even seem to notice as we walked back
into the family room that we were both still naked.  Fortunately,
it was a warm day and we probably would have both been sitting
around in shorts and halters anyway.

Well, we talked about the weather and our upcoming vacation and
other non-threatening topics.  Then I decided it was time to get
back to the subject at hand.  "Mom," I started, "I'm getting to
the age when I expect I'll start my period.  Is there anything I
should know so that I won't feel embarrassed or mess things up?" 
Mom hesitated like she still didn't know where to begin so I
continued, "I mean, like I really would like to know about tampons
and pads and which is better.  Do you use both?"

"Well....yes, dear, I do use both types.  Right now I have a tampon
in which is attached to the little string you saw earlier.  I use
tampons early in my period when the flow is heaviest and then
switch to pads and panty liners on the second or third day."

"Would you show me, Mom?  Would you?  Please?"

"Dear, a used tampon is not a pretty thing, believe me."

"Oh, but please show me how you put one in.  Maybe I could even
try.  Do you think?"

"Uh....I don't know about your trying it but I do probably need to
change mine.  Let's see."

We went back into the bedroom and into the master bath.  Mom sat
on the toilet and pulled her "plug" out and dropped it into the
toilet before I could do anything about it.  She was right, though,
from what little I did see it wasn't a pretty sight to look at. 
She then unwrapped a new tampon and slipped the tube inside her
faster than I had imagined possible.  She dropped the applicator
in the wastebasket and stood up.  I was afraid I had missed my
chance.  But Mom thought she would teach me a lesson.

She instructed me to sit down on the toilet and spread my legs wide
apart.  She then unwrapped another tampon and showed me how to hold
it in my hand.  Then, standing directly in front of me, she opened
her labia to show me where she had inserted her tampon.  I tried
to push the stiff cardboard inside me but all I got for my effort
was a sharp pain.  I tried again and again but couldn't find the
proper location.  I began to panic.  Mom's pussy was inches from
my face and the heat and ripe smell from it was beginning to choke
me.  Maybe I wasn't so smart after all.  Just then I felt another
sharp pain and then a feeling like nothing I had felt before.  The
tube was inside me.  I pushed on the applicator and removed the
cardboard.  I had done it!  I dropped the applicator in the
wastebasket like Mom had done and stood up abruptly.  Hugging Mom,
partly to keep her from falling over from my abrupt action and
partly to feel her skin against my own, I gushed, "I love you,
Mom."

We had no secrets after that day.  The next time I asked to see
her pussy, she laid down on the bed and spread her legs wide.  She
invited me to push one then two fingers inside her and shower me
what type of touch her clitoris was most sensitive to.  She showed
me how to douche and how she inserted foam contraceptive.  She also
had me lay down and spread open so she could look.  She didn't try
to push her finger inside me but she did play with my clitoris
until I thought I would pee by mistake.

With Dad, it was a little different.  I knew I wanted to seduce
him but wasn't sure how I could do it "innocently."  Although I
wore the skimpiest of bathing suits around him, he was always
proper in his conduct toward me.  In fact, the sexier I acted and
dressed, the further away he stayed.  I was going to have to be
subtle.  

One evening when Mom had been away three days of a five day
business trip, I took a long, hot shower then dressed in my shorty
nightgown and lace panties.  I daubed just the slightest bit of
perfume that Mom uses every now and then and walked into the family
room where Dad was watching TV.  Sitting down in his lap, I buried
my face in his neck and gave him a good hug.  I squirmed around in
his lap "to get comfortable" but in reality trying to rub against
his cock.  It got hard enough that I could feel it pushing up
against me.  I slid my hand inside his shirt saying that I loved
to feel the hair on his chest.  I opened the buttons of his shirt
so I could rub him all over.  I teased him about how his nipples
were more prominent than mine then slid my hand under the waistband
of his trousers.  I think I was touching his pubic hair but I
wasn't allowed to stay long enough to make sure.  Dad was on his
feet and I dropped unceremoniously to the floor.  "I'm sorry, young
lady, but there are certain areas of her father's body that a young
lady cannot admire.  I think its time you headed off to bed."

I was pissed.  I wanted to strip right then and there to show him
a thing or two but I was afraid that would set him off forever. 
Instead, I sulked off to my bedroom, rubbing my sore bottom as I
left.  I took off my nightie and flopped onto my bed.  I was till
horny, so I started playing with my pussy inside my panties.  I
must have fallen asleep that way because the next thing I remember
was noticing the light from the hallway shining into my room
casting a shadow Dad onto the floor by my bed.  I kept my eyes as
shut as I could while still trying to get a better look at the
doorway.  Dad was standing there, still clothed from the waist down
but he had his cock out and was slowly rubbing it back and forth. 
I shifted my legs just a little to give Dad a better look at my
skimpy panties.  His strokes appeared to speed up.

Pretending that I was having a good sexy dream, I started muttering
"Fuck me.  Oh that feels so good." Etc.  I began rubbing my finger
in and out of my cunt.  I could hear Dad's heavy breathing now
between my moans.  Then he groaned and almost doubled over.  I sat
up in my bed and watched him squirt his load onto the bedroom
carpeting.  He didn't notice that I had awakened until his spasms
had almost stopped.  Then he looked at me and froze in panic.

"Oh, Dad, can we do that again sometime?  Its so exciting watching
and hearing you masturbate.  Your cock is impressive!"

Dad still had nothing to say so I rolled off the bed and walked
over to him.  Throwing my arms around him and pressed my naked
breasts onto his bare chest and ground my silky panties against
his limp cock.  Almost immediately his cock began to swell again. 
Dad pulled away and tried to break my embrace.  "Look, Dad.  Sex
is not something to be hidden.  I owe my life to that beautiful
cock and the copious sperm you produce.  How can I feel anything
but love for you and admiration for your equipment.  We both know
now that the other masturbates so there is nothing to hide there. 
Come on, why don't I show you mine and you show me yours and this
time we can talk while we beat off."

At that, I stepped back only far enough to let Dad get a good look
at my tits while I proceeded to unfasten his belt and let his pants
drop to the floor.  Getting his shorts off was a little more
difficult because he had such a raging hardon by this time.  But
he helped me and soon he was completely naked in front of me.  
I turned around while sliding my panties off.  I hoped that he
would think I was still a little modest but even more I hoped that
he would take advantage of eyeing my ass.  Even better than I could
have hoped for, he actually patted my bottom.  It was tentative but
it was a pat.

I really needed to pee and I told Dad so, asking if he would please
come into the bathroom with me.  He agreed saying he needed to as
well.  Rather than sitting on the toilet seat, I lifted it up and
straddled the toilet, spreading my labia as I did so.  Dad squatted
down in front of me to get a better look at things.  It was
difficult forcing the urine out but I managed to do it.  Then I did
sit down on the seat and asked Dad to pee onto my breasts and
stomach.  He couldn't do it for the longest time but finally he got
a drip, then a trickle, then a decent stream coming out.  It felt
strange and wonderful against my body.

When he finished, I wiped myself off with a damp washcloth.  We
then moved to the family room which had much better lighting than
the bedroom.  Dad suggested that we each spend five minutes look-
ing over the other person by asking that person to get into
whatever pose we wished.  Then we would both masturbate together. 
I posed first.  Dad really got into it as he had me pose in the
lewdest of positions.  And while he never touched me, he would get
his nose close enough to my slit that his glasses would fog up. 
He also asked me to stick my finger up my cunt and then into my
asshole.  I complied willingly with both requests.  His five
minutes stretched into almost ten but I was enjoying it too much
to complain.

When it was Dad's turn to pose, he was a good sport about it.  I
made him bend over and spread his cheeks wide so I could blow
softly on his asshole.  Then I had him bend over backward so his
cock stuck straight in the air.  I had the hardest time keeping my
hands off him but I did let him know I was close by breathing soft
kisses on his cock and balls.  After I had seen him from all
angles, I said the five minutes were up.

Sitting about five feet from each other in easy chairs and making
sure that we could both see and be seen, we began rubbing our
genitals and talking dirty.  Seeing Dad pump his long, stiff prick
made me get sopping wet and I told him so.  Then I dipped two
fingers in my honey pot and made sexy slurping sounds before
licking the juice off my fingers.  Dad stood up so he could pound
his pud harder and make his balls slap against his fist and his
thighs.  I was pinching my tits and squeezing my cunt to heighten
the tension.  Suddenly, I couldn't stop if I had wanted to.  Sweat
was running down my armpits and beading on my forehead.  I felt
wonderful but faint.  My cunt felt warmer and wetter than I had
ever remembered feeling before.  I gasped out loud with pleasure
than let the spasms of emotion wash over me like ocean waves.

I was still sliding down gently from the high emotional peak when
I realized that Dad was now nearing his release.  I fell to my
knees in front of Dad and begged him to cover me with his sperm. 
He, too, was too far gone to try to stop and again he shot his load
for me to see.  Unlike his piss, his sperm came in great spurts and
with even less control.  It hit my breasts, my belly and even got
on my face and in my hair.  I began rubbing it around wherever it
fell and then licking it off my fingers as his eruptions died down. 
What an experience!

--
