

July 31, 1991

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

          THE  SEXUAL  ADVENTURES  OF  EXINE
                       VOLUME I
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

The following contains explicit material not suited for persons
under 21 years of age. The following is fiction and situations
which coincide with actual situations are purely coincidental....
or are they?
(c) 1991 P.Ptyza
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

     As she walked along the boardwalk, she noticed the beach was
strangely quiet and deserted for a summer day. Very few people
were jogging or biking at 7:00 am, which was usually the peak
time for the fitness freaks. She wiped her brow of the sweat
already forming, noting that today was going to be very hot. It
had to be 80 degrees already, but she felt like she was burning
up inside. All night long she was having intense erotic dreams
with nobody lying next to her to act them out in waking hours.
This is what brought Exine to the boardwalk at early morning when
she would have liked to roll out of bed around lunch time. She
needed to find the "dream guy". Not too terribly handsome, or
suave, but a guy with the look that says,"Now." She dressed for
the occasion with a light jogging top with easy access zipper and
very short shorts. Of course as you understand, underwear is
always optional on excursions of this type. (And as we all know,
underwear is a waste of time, money and energy.) 
      Instead of wearing herself down and passing by a very good
prospect, she opted for a brisk walk instead of jogging. Her
frustation had put her on edge, and the lack of potentials wanted
to make her scream. She thought,"Great, any other morning
EVERYONE is out here, but NO, when I need it really bad, nobody's
around. Before she knew it, she had walked the entire length of
the boardwalk with nothing to show except a few wolf calls and
the itch within her greatly increased. She turned on her heels
and decided to give it one more time before giving up. Her
thoughts started wandering to her dreams of the night before. The
man who knew every spot on her body to make her scream had to be
somewhere. She was starting to tire, and sat down on a bench.
Throwing her arms out and her head back, she felt the sun warm
her shoulders and ooze down her body like warm suntan oil. All
the walking without a bra on had made her nipples hard from the
friction. She closed her eyes and felt every nerve in her body
singing from the long walk. 
     A dark shadow suddenly blocked the sun from her closed eyes.
Her eyes snapped open to reveal one of God's wildest creations
standing practically on top of her. She had to focus her eyes to
make out his face. He was tall, dark hair pulled into a pony
tail, donning a bandanna on his head. His body was stocky, and
her eyes seemed to dwell on his belt buckle that beheld the
Harley-Davidson logo. His face had a couple days growth of a
beard, and all Exine was thinking was,"Mister, let's do it full
throttle." She smiled sweetly saying instead,"Good morning!"
He put one of his boots up on the bench next to her, barely
avoiding her clean shorts and asked,"Hey, you know anywhere
around here that's pretty cheap to stay for a couple days?"
Before she could answer he added,"Not anything fancy, I'm getting
my bike fixed and I don't know how much it's gonna run me."
     "There's a couple of places that aren't too bad. I'm staying
in the Econo-Inn a few blocks down and it's only about $35 for a
night." He rubbed his eyes as he thought and shook his head.
     "Ah, I guess I'll have to think about it. Where's someplace
besides a  Gas-n-Go Mart to grab some breakfast?" 
     She stood up and cocked her head as she thought. "Well,
about a block down here is a little bistro that serves breakfast
and the coffee's really good, looks like you need a cup. Tell you
what, I'll treat." She waited for either a smooth agreement or a
snide decline and wasn't getting either. She wanted to repeat it
thinking he hadn't really heard her but he replied
suspiciously,"Lady, you trying to pick me up?"
     "I'm tryin', but I don't think it's workin'!"
     He laughed outloud and said,"Tell you what, I'll treat, you
just guide the way." He snickered as they started down the
boardwalk. Exine thought,"This just might work." Over breakfast
he told her that he was on his way to see some old friends about
another 200 miles south and just as luck would have it, his bike
broke down. He had walked it to the Harley shop that was in town
but they wouldn't be able to get to it until the following
morning so he was stuck for at least a day in town. "I ain't no
shore person," he sneered. She couldn't help but notice he kept
eyeing her over breakfast. She caught his gaze and held it trying
to convey a secret message in the quiet bistro. After breakfast,
outside, she offered to show him where she was staying. 
     "Man, all I really want right now is a good hot shower," he
said.
     "Wow, you're a man who's easy to please if that's ALL you
want," she said. Then  almost hastily,"I just thought of
something, even if you register with the motel now, you won't get
a room 'til 11:00. You know, if you're willing, you're welcome to
use my shower. It's not like I have a roommate or anything." 
      He lifted an eyebrow and quietly said,"If it's not a
problem I really would 'preciate it. I don't know if I want to
wait until 11:00." She thought to herself,"Either do I." It was a
short walk to the motel and she had to restrain from looking too
anxious to get there. As they got back, a sign in the office
confirmed what she had said so they went up to her room.  She
showed him the bathroom making sure he had towels, soap, etc.
Looking into his hazel eyes she said,"You know, I could really
use a shower myself after the long walk I put in, and this place
is really cheap about how much hot water they give you at one
time..." She leaned against the sink, waiting for a reaction. His
slight smirk, she took for signal to proceed. Exine slowly
unzipped her top, never taking her eyes off him. His gaze was
hooked on her tits, not in shock, but simple enjoyment. His smirk
turned into a real smile as he took off his shirt revealing his
hairy torso. He leaned over and cupped her breast, his thumb
rubbing over the already hardened nipple. His other hand went
down the back of her shorts and squeezed her ass firmly. She
pulled herself close and felt his hardon through his jeans. He
released her and pulled off her top carefully, tossing it out
into the room and kneeled in front of her. As his fingers hooked
into the waist of her shorts, he kissed her stomach. The wiry
scruff of a beard scraped her tender skin and turned her on
immensely. She braced herself against the sink and moaned softly.
Very slowly he rolled the shorts down, so slowly she almost
couldn't take the suspense. His tongue made its way down to her
damp pussy as her shorts fell to her ankles. She quickly stepped
out of them, kicking them aside and unashamedly spread her legs.
His tongue swirled around her clit and went down to lap up her
juices in a cycle that was putting her in an orgasmic frenzy. 
His unshaven face against her thighs was driving her wild. Then
suddenly he stopped. She opened her eyes to see he had stood up
and was undoing his pants. They dropped to the floor along with
her shorts. He wrapped his hand around his half-hard cock,
stroking it to its full potential. Her glazed eyes watched as he
pumped his cock. She'd never seen a guy do that before. His cock
stood at full attention as he came closer to her. He guided the
head to her pussy lips. Running it up and down the wet slit, she
shivered as it rubbed her clit. She had to him inside her now.
She hopped up so her ass was on the vanity and spread her legs.
     "Fuck me, cowboy," she purred.
     He adeptly rammed his cock into her waiting pussy, fucking
her hard and deep. Hot juices were oozing out of her and onto the
slick vanity. He bit at her neck almost drawing blood,at which
she only moaned louder at him. His rough hands squeezed her tits
as he kissed and bit each one. Reaching down, grasping his cock,
he pulled it out and rubbed the hot tip against her clit. She
cried out in pleasure, throwing her head back. He thrust it in
even deeper than before and pumped furiously until she felt him
release inside her.
      She was almost sorry it lasted so short, until he promised
he'd do better after the shower. They lathered and rinsed each
other slowly, making sure no spot was left untouched.
     Without even drying off, he led her out of the shower and to
the waiting bed. She looked down to see he was already almost
completely hard and thought,"Now this is my kind of guy!" She
reached down and touched his balls gently and started massaging
them. He groaned. She slowly kissed his wet hairy chest working
her way down past his nipples, past his stomach to the coarse
hair that led to his hard cock. Her tongue caressed the base and
slowly went up to the head that was starting to ooze a drop. She
took it in her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head. Then
she gradually worked the whole cock into her mouth. Her head
moved slowly up and down, her long hair tickling his legs as he
felt himself climbing toward another orgasm. He closed his eyes,
feeling the pleasure even more intensely. She used her hand to
start pumping on the base of his cock as she was licking him.
Before it would end too soon he pulled  her up and she took the
hint. She straddled his body and positioned herself over the
massive cock, lowering her wet pussy onto it. She moaned as it
drove deeper and deeper into her. He reached up and squeezed her
tits, slightly pinching the nipples. Her pussy clamped down on
his organ as she enjoyed the sensations he was giving to her
tits. Her rhythm was starting to get interrupted as she bobbed up
and down but she didn't care.  Her last and biggest orgasm was
building fast and furious and as it hit her, she leaned down in a
daze and kissed him full on the lips.
     As they lay in a pool of cum and sweat the air conditioning
swept a cool breeze over their bodies. She was going to enjoy
this new friend for the next day or so!
