
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

          THE  SEXUAL  ADVENTURES  OF  EXINE

                     VOLUME IV

(c) August 1991 P.Ptyza
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

The following contains strictly adult material. If you don't want
to get offended don't read it! Simple or what?

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
     Rita had left Exine and Derek alone. She was all hyped and
wanted to go out to a bar or something and she sensed that Derek
really wanted Exine alone. The couple were lying on the bed from
the intense sex the three of them were engaging in. Derek laughed
a little shaking his head.
     "What," she asked.
     "You two, I couldn't believe I saw you two gals going at
it.I was so fucking horny watching you two. You do that often?"
     "Not often enough." She looked over and saw that the wine
that Rita had brought in was never opened. Beads of condensation
were falling down the bottle. She picked it up and unscrewed the
cap, since it was not a very expensive wine. She looked at him
and said,"Oh, that's right, you're not of age," and smiled. He
returned the smile and said,"What if I poured it in your pussy,
would you let me slurp it out of you or would you give me
problems about my age?"
     "Hey, not me mister, I ain't the Liquor Control Board." He
kissed her full on the mouth and took the bottle. He spread her
legs and poured a small amount into her pubic hair and let it
drip into her pussy. The effervecsence stimulated her clit a
little and it was strangely erotic. He put the bottle on the
floor and came back to drink of the nectar as promised. As he
licked her hole, his thumb massaged her clit and she moaned,
spreading her legs even farther apart. He kissed the inside of
her thigh with his wet mouth and cheeks, and bit gently. She
moaned.
     "Like that bitin' huh?"
     "Hey, a girl's gotta have a hobby right?" She managed to get
out in her writing esctasy. She felt like she was riding on a
continuous orgasm tonight. At times it would just be quiet but
humming in the back of her mind and then it would hit her like a
waterfall crashing on top of her head giving her just enough time
to recover and then build up all over again. 
     He took the hint and nibbled as he dined on her pussy. He
gently took a pussy lip in between his teeth and tugged. She
pulled at her own nipples increasing the pleasure. He came up her
body, kissing her stomach, licking the inside of her belly
button, coming farther up and found her breasts. As he nipped at
her aureola, she felt his thick pulsing cock against her pubes.
     "Nice and hard again huh? Just the way I like you." She
reached down and stroked his nine inch cock. Her hand ran up and
down the length of it. Feeling the veins bulging out the sides
like grape vines wrapped around a massive flagpole. Regardless of
being on the underside of 21, he wasn't hasty and careless. Even
as she stroked him, he breathing just barely picked up. His cock
hardened and lengthened at her touch. It's huge head oozing a
warm pearl of pre-cum as her fingertips explored his cock like a
rare find. She rubbed the length of it against her snatch,
turning her own temperature higher. Her own breathing picking up
a faster pace. She was vulnerable and almost whimpered,"Fuck me,
Derek."
     "You really want it," he growled.
     "Yes," she answered.
     "Then take it, baby." And he held his body still. She took
the cock with her hand and slipped it inside her hot wet cunt and
started gyrating against him. If there was a G-spot, she thought
she just might have found it as she was hitting fever pitch
again. All the while he hung over her like in the middle of mid
pushup totally still. She wrapped her legs around the back of him
and pulled him down. He laughed and started ramming his long cock
in and out of her. He reached down and licked the sweat that
dripped from her face down her neck and suddenly bit at her
shoulder. She cried out in pleasure, "Yea, that's it, oh God, do
it again!" He obliged her and bit her shoulder again almost
drawing blood. A brief vision of Dracula swept through his head
when he thought he tasted blood, but it was just the concentrated
salt of the sweat.
     He took her legs one at a time and around and up so that her
heels rested on his shoulders. She was really loving it for as
wet as he could feel her getting. It was plunging his cock even
deeper into her wet cunt. Not many girls like to take his full
length like Exine. She wanted all she could get of him. He could
dig that. As she came, he could feel her hot snatch tightening
over his cock sucking it hard and fast. He wanted to hold back
though, making this a real night to remember in case she never
wanted to see him again, which he hoped wouldn't happen. He let
her rest after her orgasm, letting her legs down. He held her
close to him, feeling her sweat dampened breasts against his
chest. She ran her hands all over his body, feeling the hard
young muscles under her palms. 
     From the nightstand, he picked up the tube of gel she had
sitting there. She raised an eyebrow at him as he squeezed out
some onto his hand.
     "Turn around sugar, put your back to me." She turned so that
her ass was nuzzling against his hardness. His rough wet fingers
slid down the crack of her ass and lubricated her asshole. On a
whim he stuck a finger in her hole. A little moan escaped her. So
she was into that. He got up on his knees and she got on her
hands and knees anticipating his next move. With his lubed hand
he stroked his thick cock, hoping it wouldn't be too much for
her. He lingered as he stroked his cock. The air conditioning had
caught his cock and it turned the cool gel into feeling like it
had warmed up considerably. It reminded him of the stuff they
used on stiff muscles and he laughed inside at the pun of "stiff
muscle". Yeah, this is one stiff muscle right here, he thought.
He leaned up against her rubbing the head against her asshole. He
spread her cheeks apart so he could watch the head slowly
disappear inside her. He pulled it out and repeated the action.
She started moving against him. Apparently she really liked it.
He started stroking deeper and deeper until without realizing it
he was really slamming away at her. He could reach under her body
and feel her soft belly and its muscles moving as she arched her
body back, taking his cock deep in her sphincter. He reached and
played with her clit. She picked up the pace and he reached down
farther slipping two fingers in her cunt. He had forgotten that
some of the gel was still on his fingers. Her cunt felt alive
with the warming gel. As he was fucking her asshole with his
cock, he was also fucking her cunt with his hand. His fingers
were covered in her juices as they ran down his fingers. He
brought his fingers up to his lips and tasted. It mingled with
the mint of the gel and it made a interesting combination. Guess
you couldn't really capture that in chewing gum now could you, he
wondered. His hand wandered up to her hanging breasts, swaying
with her body going back and forth. Her tits were nice and round
like large soft melons. Her ass was so nice and tight is was
really starting to get to him. He was starting to lose
concentration. His arms locked under chest as his cock released a
spray into her asshole. He kept pumping since it felt so good and
so tight. 
     As they lay afterward, Exine suggested,"I could really use a
shower after all that. How 'bout yourself? You GOT to be pretty
sticky by now." He agreed and she led him into the bathroom. She
had a showerhead that had a hose attached to it and you could
bring it down shower any part of your body. He suggested that he
wash her first. He wet her body down with the warm water and then
got the bar of soap and lathered his hands up. Starting with her
neck and shoulders, he massaged gently. He cringed when he saw
the mark on her shoulder from his bite.
     "Hey doesn't that hurt at all," he asked.
     "Oh a little, but then I remember how I got it," she said
and winked at him demurely.  He worked his way down to her
breasts whose nipples enlarged with the warm water. But after
working the lather all over her bosom the nipples returned to
their stimulated state. He rinsed off the soap and  kissed her,
exploring her tongue with his own. He lathered his hands again
and ran his hands down her slim hips and underneath at her hot
pussy. He could feel her clit rubbing against his fingers as he
washed her. He shot water down there rinsing her off and then
turned her around to do her ass. Her asscheeks were firm and he
squeezed them remembering the recent events of his cock sliding
in and out which caused his organ to twitch. She turned around
and said,"Now it's your turn." She rubbed the soap over his chest
feeling the ripples of muscle then going lower to touch the
muscle that she really wanted. That third leg he was sporting
between those hairy thighs. She wrapped her hand around his
hardening tool. Her hands were slippery from the soap and his
cock seemed to like it. She rinsed off his whole body and then
began stroking his cock again. He partly closed his eyes as she
stroked him. As she went down to the thickened base, her fingers
would wander and just barely touch his huge balls. He reminded
her of a huge bull the way he sported that enormous jackhammer of
a cock. She could feel herself getting worked up again and rubbed
the head of his dick against her clit. He opened his eyes and
smiled.
     "Hey, ain't this a little dangerous in the shower?"
     "Not if you know what you're doing..." she said.
     He held onto the shower curtain rod as she played with his
cock against her pussy. Taking the head slightly into her cunt
then quickly pulling it out, rubbing her clit and lips and
repeating it. Finally as she stuck the head just inside her
slippery  hole he jammed it in as far as he could manage with
standing up. She sighed deep.
     "Ooooh, that's nice, now just a little more..." Still
holding on he slid more in until he was all the way in. She had
raised one of her legs up onto the side of the tub to take his
cock deeper inside her. A little afraid of falling in the tub and
having to explain it all to paramedics, he froze up.  But she
kept moving, taking his length deeper and deeper until he didn't
care if he had to explain it to his MOTHER what he was doing. She
grabbed his ass and pulled him closer to her. She could feel his
hairy balls slapping against her and it stimulated her even more.
She slipped a finger up his asshole and then he started seriously
fucking her. She leaned against the wall of the shower, pinned up
with his cock ramming inside her, the warm water running over
them and between them. She brought her hand back and between his
strokes played with his balls. His strokes slowed down so she had
more time to run her fingers over them. Like that, huh? she
thought. Then she started stroking his partly exposed cock so
that he was only fucking her with half of it but he was getting
twice as much pleasure. Suddenly she impaled herself onto him so
that he came instantly. He gripped the curtain rod tightly as his
cock sputtered and spit inside her. She moaned and came with him.
Cold water was starting to come out of the shower since they were
in there so long and used up the hot water so they decided to get
out. She dried off his body lingering over erogenous zones.
     "God, you could wear me out," he said.
     "I'm sorry, are you tired?"
     "Not yet, I said you COULD wear me out, I didn't say you DID
wear me out." He followed her into the bedroom where she slipped
on her tank top leaving her bush exposed. She sat on the bed
cross legged exposing her pussy even more. Her nipples showed
through the tank top and all he could do was stare.
     "What," she asked and cocked her head.
     "Nothing, I'm just looking at you."
     "You're not looking at me, you're looking at this." She
spread the lips of her pussy wide. His heart was beating fast.
This girl was really amazing. He couldn't take his eyes off her
pink lips as she started touching her engorged clit. Maybe she
got off on being watched. He didn't care, he'd watch. Her finger
circled her clit and then disappeared in her hole. Coming out
shiny and wet, she circled back up to her clit and moaned as she
started moving her hips. She took three fingers and moved back
and forth over her pussy.  She jammed them into her cunt and
brought them out covered in juice. She offered them to him and he
licked her fingers. He came between her legs acting like he was
going to lick her cunt and went lower and licked her asshole. She
went nuts. His tongue darted into her asshole slightly. She never
expected him to do THAT. As he licked her ass, she kept fingering
her pussy, fucking herself with her hand. She brought herself to
a thundering orgasm as he helped with tongueing her ass. Her
heart felt like it was going to jump out of her chest. He came up
next to her and they fell asleep in each other's arms til
morning.
