
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

             THE  SEXUAL  ADVENTURES  OF  EXINE

                          VOLUME II

(c) copyright August 1991 P.Ptyza

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

The following contains material inappropriate for persons under
21 years of age. This is a work of fiction and any circumstances
which are coincidental to real situation are purely accidental...
or are they?

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

     Exine tapped the table in front of her a little too
impatiently. She had to write a term paper on the rise and fall
of the Roman Empire for her world history class. It was beyond
her why she even had to take a world history class for a degree
in business. She looked around the library. Everyone was absorbed
in a book of some kind. She just couldn't concentrate. She kept
thinking about the biker she had met down at the beach over the
summer. Their friendship lasted a whole two days, but the
soreness between her legs lasted a week. It was fun but now it
was over and she had to get to work. 
     "Time to take a break," she said to herself. She got up and
went to the wall covered with a rack of magazines. A cover caught
her eye whose headline proclaimed,"How To Drive Men Wild". She
picked it up and muttered,"Yeah, teach ME something." A coupon
for a subscription fell out onto the floor. She leaned over to
pick it up noticing a piercing stare from behind. Or should we
say, at her behind. Looking at him upside down, she stared back.
She picked up the coupon and stood up straight. The librarian
looked back at the assorted index cards laid out on his desk with
a noticable blush in his cheeks.  Exine shoved the coupon into
the magazine and put the tabloid back onto the shelf. He looked a
little smug but also very embarrassed.
     Exine sauntered over to the desk. The burning in his cheeks
became almost scarlet. She whispered,"Excuse me, could you help
me with something?" He looked up startled.
     "Yes," he crackled and cleared his throat. "Sure, what do
you need?" She laughed huskily at the question and answered,"Well
what I need and what you can help me with are probably two
different things. I was wondering if you had any books on how to
give terrific oral sex." His face became dark with embarrassment.
He stammered not knowing quite what to say.
     "Um, I guess...if we had...anything....it'd be in the card
catalog at the center of the library." He fiddled nervously with
the index cards and dropped a couple in the process. She leaned
over his desk and said,"You dropped some," staring noticeably at
the hard-on that was under his perfectly pressed pants. She
looked directly in his eyes,"Not bad, I could use you for some
research, but you're probably real busy." He nodded his head
furiously agreeing with her. She continued,"What? I can use you
or that you're real busy."
     "I... could....help you, that is if you needed some kind of
help with research...or something." 
      She nodded her head slowly, not breaking the stare into his
eyes,"Yeah, there is something. I'll be over by the reference
materials if there's a chance you can...help me." She walked back
over to her table jotting a few notes from out of an open book
and watched out of the corner of her eye as the librarian
struggled to get one of the volunteers to take the desk for a
while. Even from where she sat, she could faintly hear his
stuttering rambling. Exine wondered if that is what he sounded
like during sex, a bunch of ramblings and stutters. Finally he
made his way over to the table and leaned over from the other
side. He was visibly nervous.
     "This....uh project...that you're working on....that you
needed some research. How could I help you?" It was pretty slow
for  an evening in the library and nobody was around the table to
hear her response to the question.
     "Well," she started,"that was basically an excuse to talk to
you. I am working on a project but it's not on oral sex. It's
just that once I got up to the desk to talk to you, that's all
that popped into my head. I just thought to myself,'I wonder if I
could deep throat that guy, he looks pretty big.' You know you've
been walking around tonight with a hard on and I guess it's been
getting to me."
     He was stunned and visibly searching for something to say.
He clearly wasn't offended and clearly was excited. With a
strange calmness he said,"I think we should talk about this in my
office." She smiled and nodded extreme agreement. She gathered up
her books and followed him to a room next to the fiction area. He
motioned her into it and shut the door behind them, turning on a
light revealing a simple but very nice office.
     "Look I'm going to be nosy," she said,"You look about 35 to
40 years old. Why would a guy like you be a librarian?" He told
her that he was an author and that it wasn't for any money
because he was already set for life. She was a little skeptical
but didn't care. She just didn't want to hear that he was queer
or something. She put her books down on the desk and walked over
to him. She unbuttoned his pants and pulled down the zipper
slowly prolonging the moment. He was really turned on, she could
feel his cock under the zipper. He said,"Wait a second," and led
her over to his leather chair and sat down so she could kneel in
front of him. He helped her pull his pants down to his ankles.
     "You DO have a lock on the door, right?" she asked.
     "Of course," he said impatiently. She wrapped her hand
around his strong cock that was already big enough to hang a flag
onto it. Starting from the bottom of his balls she took cat licks
up the length of his organ to the head. As she stroked the base
of it, she took all she could of his eight inches, fucking him
with her well trained mouth. He ran his hands through her long
hair, softly moaning. She took him with long deep strokes with
her mouth. As she went up his cock, she'd quickly lick and kiss
the head before descending again to swallow. His eyes were
closed, receiving the pleasure like it were a dream. She reached
down and unbuttoned her skirt and blouse. She also unhooked the
front of her bra. She stopped long enough to quickly stand up and
shed her clothes to the floor. He pulled her on top of him and
squeezed her ass as her naked body rubbed against his wet cock.
He pulled off his tie and shirt, tossing them onto the floor
revealing his muscular chest. She licked a nipple playfully and
his cock twitched. She stood up and leaned her ass against the
desk, offering her crotch to him. He stood and reached past her,
literally shoving everything off the desk except the lamp.
Blotter, pens, books, paper clips, and stapler hit the floor and
scattered. She hopped up and leaned back onto her elbows and
crooked a finger at him. Instead he sat back in his chair and
stated flatly,"Make yourself wet enough for me, finger fuck
yourself, baby. Then I'll give you the fucking of your life." She
smirked. For the stuttering librarian she thought he was, he sure
could talk dirty. Probably looking at the covers of all those
romance novels got to him after a while.  She spread her legs to
give him a good view and started fingering her clit. She pulled
her hand back up to lick her fingers and continue. He sat
watching almost mezmerized, slowing stroking himself. It was a
little strange having someone watch her but it wasn't a bad turn
on. She pictured his massive cock sliding in and out of her, the
head of his cock ramming into her womb. He was huge and thick and
when she had wrapped her hand around the bottom of his cock, her
fingers didn't touch. She shoved three fingers into her pussy,
almost bringing herself to an orgasm, when he wheeled his leather
chair closer the desk and licked her fingers as she brought them
out of her dripping cunt. He licked each finger completely as
though he was giving head to each one. The role reversal cracked
her up. As she manipulated her clit, he licked and sucked the
juices out of her pussy. His clean shaven face except for a
moustache was smooth against her thighs. Then he pushed her
fingers away so he could get better access to her clit. It stuck
out with being so stimulated. He sucked on her clit and slid two
fingers into her pussy. She was wet and ready, but it could only
get better. He softly nibbled on her, taking in the perfume she
no doubtedly had sprayed earlier on her cunt hair. Had she
actually planned something like this? It didn't matter. He
slipped in an extra finger and she started moaning. He wanted her
hot and eager and just at the throes of an orgasm. As she started
bucking her hips slightly he stopped. She looked at him puzzled.
     "Just count to ten," he said. "Believe me, it'll feel great
when you cum." She weakly counted to ten. "Come here."
He motioned her to sit on top of him. She went to maneuver his
cock and he tapped her fingers. "Not yet." She straddled his legs
as he cupped her breasts. He sucked on one as he pinched the
nipple of the other one. His moustache tickled the smooth skin of
her breast but this was no time to laugh. He reached down with a
hand slid a finger across her clit. She was really turned on and
wanted him. She moved against him indicating her want. "Say it,"
he said. "Tell me how bad you want it."
     As she touched his hard cock like a precious statue
reverantly she whispered,"I want your big cock inside me, honey.
I want you to fuck me senseless. Make me cum." She leaned over
and sucked on his earlobe and whispered,"You got me so wet and
turned on, stick it in me, baby."
     "Well, turn around and straddle me." She did as she was
instructed. Somehow, the seducer had turned into the seduced,
which suited her fine when she was in the mood and she was
definitely in the mood. "Ok, lower yourself onto it." As she
brought her pussy down, he rubbed the head against her clit. She
held it still and sat down on his cock. As she started moving up
and down, he reached around and put on hand on her left breast
and another crawled down to her pussy. His fingers touched and
caressed and tugged a bit on her lips. He played with her clit,
first rubbing slow, then rubbing faster until she felt like she
was going to explode. Then he stopped, as though he knew.
     Then as the mounting orgasm started to fade before it hit,
he started again very slowly. His hands started rubbing all over
her body. Her breasts, her belly, hips, legs and back to her ass.
He grabbed her ass and gripped tightly. Then he let a finger
stray to her asshole. She felt the orgasm starting to come back
from inside her and she started pumping faster. His finger when
all the way inside her. This time he let her cum, it came
crashing into her like a brickwall. Her pussy held onto his cock
tightly, almost not wanting it to release at all. He pulled out
his finger and stood up and faced him. Words escaped her. She
felt she should say..SOMETHING. He grinned broadly and
growled,"Pretty wild, huh?" She exhaled and said,"Yeah, you could
say that and more!"
      "I'll give you a few minutes to recoup and then I want my
jollies met." She looked down and he was still brandishing his
hard-on as big as ever. She saw he had a water cooler and asked
for a drink. He got up and got it for her. She held the fragile
paper cup and sipped the cold water. She crumpled the cup and
tossed it in the trashcan. "Ready," he asked.
      "Sure!"
      "Ok, just lay back on the desk, with your butt on the
edge."
She obliged and he stood behind the desk and inserted his cock
inside her pussy. He held onto her hips as he slowly pumped into
her. He leaned to her and kissed her tenderly, tasting the cool
water still on her tongue. She felt the hair on his chest, soaked
in sweat, rubbing into her tits. The coarse damp hair turned her
on as it ground into her. He stepped up his pace and his
breathing became more audible. She felt him ramming deeper and
deeper into her insatiable cunt. She gripped him inside her as
hard as she could to his rhythms. He was panting hard, trying to
hold off his orgasm, until he couldn't any longer. He rammed hard
and kept it in her as he came. They locked eyes. His devilish
smile came back. He pulled out his half limp, dripping tool.
      "You know," he said, "you waltz in here, fuck me and I
don't even know your name."
      "Exine D'Marillion. Don't worry, I have a library card, in
case you're pushing one on me." He chuckled.
      "No, I'm not pushing a card. I'm just hoping you'll need
more work on the term paper in the future."
      "Hey, Mr. Librarian, speaking of names..."
      "Tom, Tom Nickleson, so do you think your research is done
or will you need further help?"
      "Well, Tom, you never know when I'll need some good hard
studying some evening. Don't worry, I'll be back." She got up and
picked up her skirt. As she dressed he asked,"Did you plan all
this, not that I mind....but..."
      She was buttoning her blouse and said,"I really do have a
paper to do sometime, but you WERE walking around with that hard-
on and I couldn't concentrate! I just couldn't help myself,
Mr.Librarian.
      "You better come back soon, or I might have to levy some
overdue penalties on your card."
      "Well, my number's in your files. You can punch my card
anytime." She kissed him, collected her books off the floor and
disappeared into the night. After the door shut, he started to
put on his shirt. The door opened slowly.
      "Come back for more already, baby?"
      "Excuse me...MR NICKLESON??!!" His middle-aged, mousey
secretary was in shock yet she couldn't tear her eyes away. He
slipped on his pants and said rather calmly, "Mrs. Johnson, don't
you ever knock? I have to go look up something in the card files,
could you please be dear and straighten up this mess?" He zipped
his zipper and walked out to the desk.
