Archive-name: Bondage/exp1-5.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Experience with Susan


Chapter 1

    While growing up, I spent a lot of time at one particular
friend's house. Actually, I spent a lot of time with the whole
family, not just my friend. Anyhow, he had a sister who was a
year younger than me, and always had her nose up in the air. A
real snooty personality.

    Often the house was open, and I would go in, to wait for
my friend, or lose myself in the library. On one of these
days, I heard some strange sounds. Deciding to be quiet, and
ever curious, I snuck towards the source of the noise. Wow!
There was Susan, across her step-mother's lap, getting a bare
bottomed spanking! I stood, transfixed, watching the twin
globes shake at each swat and turn a little deeper shade of
pink.

    After the spanking was done, something even more wonderous
happened. Nancy (Susan's Mom) had her stand up, and then
completely stripped her. I oggled at the view, taking in the
small, firm breasts, her barely-furred slit, and slender,
creamy legs. They headed for the bathroom. Being careful, I
followed. 
    "No, Mom...please, not that!" Susan was protesting.
    "You've been a bad girl, and must be cleansed. Assume the
position!" I heard Nancy say.
    Susan bent over, holding her ankles. Nancy inserted a
shiney enema tube slowly into Susan's upturned behind. It was
all I could do to not touch my hardon, but I just kept
watching. Nancy made Susan take two bags, and hold them in for
a long time. Then Susan hurridly sat on the toilet, making a
lot of rude noises as she released the smelly mixture. I
watched all of this, and then decided maybe I'd better get out
before being discovered.

Chapter 2

    For the next several weeks, it was hard to "be cool" but I
managed, even though it was hard at first to keep a straight
face when talking to Susan. 

    From now on when I walked in, I tried to be quiet, hoping
to find something interesting going on. Finally I did! It was
after dinner time. I snuck up the stairs to the source of
sounds. Susan had on a frilly baby doll and almost transparent
panties. Lying on the bed was another girl, Lisa. She had on a
similiar top, but no panties at all! Lisa was usually shy at
school, and the lust of many of the guys. She had HUGE
breasts.
    "Susan...please...hurry...put it in!" Lisa was saying.
    I looked, and Lisa was holding her pussy wide open.  Susan
began pushing a large plastic penis into her friend's pussy. I
watched as the whole thing slowly disapeared inside Lisa. Then
Susan began slowly moving it in and out, as a guy might in
fucking a girl.
    In just a few minutes, Lisa aparently came. Then she put
her panties back on, and the two girls sat across from each
other, talking, touching each other occasionally.

Chapter 3
    On another occasion, I had eaten dinner with the family,
and then was just in the library, absorbed in a book. I got up
to stretch, and decided to take a peek upstairs. Paydirt! I
found Susan on her bed. It was a 4 poster with a frilly canopy
top. Her wrists were tied to two of the posts. There were
stains on the sheets at the Vee of her legs. She was
struggling to get free, and didn't see me. Deciding to be
bold, I walked in, closing and locking the door behind me.
Susan looked at me. The door leading to the deck outside was
open slightly. Whoever had been there must have left that way.
    "Well...untie me!" she said.
    "Not so fast... how'd you end up like this? I see someone
has been here," pointing to the stains.
    "Bob, that $%&* left me like this!". I'd never heard such
language from her!
    "Well...I might untie you..."
    I slowly ran my fingers all over her nakedness. She didn't
protest much, in fact, when I worked up the courage to put a
finger in her pussy, she was lubricating heavily. This gave me
an idea. Although it was tempting, I didn't really have the
guts to fuck Susan. But I knew how I could bring her down off
her high horse, at least a little. One by one, I opened her
dresser drawers. In one, was the penis she'd used on Lisa,
plus some other interesting stuff.
    "What's this!", I said, turning around, holding the penis
and a few other things.
    Susan's breathing quickened. I sat down next to her,
running the penis all over her. She spread her legs wider.
Taking that as a sign of her wanting me to, I  held her pussy
open, and slowly pushed the penis in. It went in quite easily,
somewhat to my surprise.
    "Please...let me come.." she whimpered.
    "Maybe...tell me about these other toys."
    One by one she told me about them. There were vibrators of
several sizes, and two strange objects she called butt plugs.
Intrigued, I pushed for more details.
    "Well...Nancy puts them in my...in my ass hole" Susan
said, hesitating. Then she went on. "Sometimes she gives me an
enema, then makes me wear one of those inside me all day.
    Holding the thing, I couldln't quite imagine it fitting
where Susan said it went. It wasn't small! And having it in
for along time would be an experience.
    One of the two plugs had a squeeze bulb, and expanded
considerably as I pumped it.
    "That one....well, sometimes, she puts that in, to get me
used to larger things back there. I've had the smaller
vibrator in my ass...Nancy wants me to be able to take this
penis...in both ends.." Susan explained, breathless.
    I held one end of the penis, and stroked it in and out. At
the same time, I touched her clit. She came, moaning softly. I
pulled the penis out.
    "Does Nancy know about Bob?" I asked.
    "No! She thinks her and her lady friends are the only ones
fucking me. I like what they do to me...but I need guys, too."
    Now, that comment would bear further checking, later. I
wondered what Nancy, Susan, and these "lady friends" did.
    "Well...I'm going to untie you..but, if you don't do what
I want now and in the future, I might let Nancy know about
Bob."
    Susan nodded acceptance, and I untied her. She stood up,
rubbing her wrists. I was still a little in awe of her, but
having the upper hand, decided to test it a little.

Chapter 4
    "Give me a blow job" I ordered. I sat in the chair at her
desk. She came over, knelt down, and unzipped my jeans. She
was experienced at this, it felt GREAT! She sucked, and licked
up and down my shaft. I held her breasts, squeezing them. In a
few minutes I came, and with out protest she swallowed every
drop. After getting my act together, I left, after talking to
Susan about Nancy and her friends.

     She told me, vaguely, that something interesting was going
to happen to her. Susan's father was a doctor. He had started
with a small practice, but recently moved to larger offices.
There was still the small office right next to the house. I'd
been in it a few times, and had found that, behind each
examing room, was a small passagway and observation one way
mirror. This was so the nurse could see the examing room and
make sure no patient accused the doctor of something.
     Anyways, Susan said she was supposed to be there tommorrow
afternoon. I elicited a promise from her to tell me about it
later. She didn't know that I was aware of the viewing
passage. The next day, I managed to get there first, and
settled in the small passageway. 
     It wasn't long, and Susan showed up. She stepped into the
room, followed by a lady I didn't recognize.
     "Take off your clothes, Susan" the lady said.
     "Yes, Doctor" Susan replied.
     The Doctor went behind the changing screen, and emerged
wearing a typical lab coat. I noted that she now had no shoes
or even stockings.
     I watched as Susan removed her clothing. She got up on the
examing table, and the Doctor arranged the stirrups. Susan put
her feet in them. Then they were pushed very far apart,
forcing Susan to spread her legs wide. Her ass hung just over
the edge of the table. I could see her pussy and asshole
plainly, because of her spread eagled position.
     The Doctor sat on the small stool, between the spread
legs. She got out a tray of items.
     "Now, Dear, this may be a little cool" the Doctor said.
     She put on a rubber glove, and dipped a finger in a jar of
lubricant. Then the finger went into Susan's pussy. Shortly 
another finger, than another, went in. The Doctor then put her
thumb on Susan's sparce pubic hair, and aparently squeezed, as
if pinching.
     "Oh...Oh....Ouch!" Susan exclaimed.
     By this time, I had my cock out, and to prevent making too
big of a mess, put a rubber on.
     The fingers came out, and the glove off.
     "Let's change your position, Dear..." suggested the
doctor.
     As directed, Susan laid on her stomach. Her ass was sort
of in mid air, and her pussy just off the lower edge of the
table. The stirrups were re-positioned, so that her feet, toes
pointing towards the floor, would fit in them. Again, they
were spread wide to an almost impossible angle. Her firm ass
was highlighted in this position.
     "Now, tell me if this hurts, Dear..."
     The doctor grabbed a longish but not too fat penis, and
slowly worked it in to Susan's gaping pussy. Soft moans
indicated Susan's pleasure, as the thing fucked her. She came,
quietly. The Doctor gently swatted the upraised buttocks, and
pulled the penis out, placing it on the tray. Then she went
behind the screen, emerging in her regular clothes. 
     "See you next time, Dear," the Doctor said, leaving. 
     Susan stayed on the table. Shortly, Nancy came in. She
walked up, placing her hands on the globes of Susan's ass.
Then off the tray she got a plug, like the one I'd seen
before.
     Nancy put some of the lube on it. I watched as the thing
was put up Susan's asshole. Although she groaned a grimaced a
bit, it was obvious this wasn't the first time, and that she
sort of dug it. 
     "Now, let's blow you up a bit..." Nancy said, taking the
squeeze bulb in her hand. She pumped. I could see the end of
the thing enlarge! With each pump, it spread the opening of
Susan's asshole wider. And from what I rememberd, it must be
really big-the part I couldn't see, inside Susan's ass.
     "No...not more...please..." Susan begged.
     Nancy gave the bulb two more squeezes. Then she did
something, and the bulb came off, leaving a little tube.
     "Now, you stay here a while, I'll be back." Nancy said,
and then left.
     Susan got off the table, stretching. She walked carefully,
obviously very aware of the huge thing in her behind. She
looked rather funny, at some angles as she walked, the tube
was the only thing showing, making it seem as if she had a
little tail!
     I came into the rubber, and after a few minutes left.

Chapter 5
     It was a couple of days before I got to talk to Susan. We
were in her room, and she told me most of what happened. The
Doctor wasn't really an M.D., of course, just a person who
liked to pretend. She told me she'd had the inflated plug in
for a long time. She was wearing her school outfit-plaid
skirt, white blouse.
     "Come here, put your hands right there" I gestured. Her
right foot was between my feet, as I sat in the chair. Her
hands were on the desk, making her bend over a bit. 
     "Tell me more.." I said.
     "Well... after a long time, Nancy came, and finally took
the plug out."
     I lightly ran my hand up her thighs, finding as I got
higher she had on very teensy panties, which I pulled down,
around her ankles.
     "Step out of those.."  She did, kicking them away. Now she
spread her feet a little further, to accomodate my exploring
hand. She stopped talking as I got a finger into her pussy.
     "After she took the plug out, Nancy licked my pussy...she
hardly ever does that..I came really hard...then I took a long
bath..."  
     Susan was hot, that was for sure. Just from my light
finger probings she was squirming. We locked eyes. The look on
her face showed no shame, or embarrasement, only lust and
pleasure, as I made her come with my fingers.
     I took them out of her, and she grabbed my wrist, bringing
my fingers to her mouth, and cleansed her own juices off with
her tongue.
     I flipped her skirt up, exposing her bottom. Slowly, I
teased the crack between the cheeks with a finger. She moaned.
Then the finger invaded her asshole. It went in quite easily.
     "So...do you like that?" I asked.
     "Yes....please...make me come again..."
     Just moving the finger in and out a bit seemed to get her
going. My other hand roamed, teasing her mound, but not
penetrating her pussy. Again, she came. I pulled my finger out
of her hot bottom. She straightened up, and cleaned my
slightly soiled finger with some tissue. She bent down, and
kissed me full on the mouth, lingering a bit. Then I left.

--
