


                                 EXPOSING ALL
                                      by
                                 Angela Dean



        When I left the University I had a degree in photgraphy, and I 
    looked forward to becoming a full-time professional.
        What I hadn't counted on was that for each job, there were at 
    least twenty qualified applicants.  And my sex was definitely a 
    hindrance, too, as they seemed to favour male photographers.  I 
    became dishearted and desperate, then I met Tish...

        She was an upcoming model and we became fast friends.  It was 
    she who suggested I should take some glamour shots of her and try 
    to sell them to men's magazines.  She reckoned that being a woman 
    was an asset in glamour photography.
        I hired a studio and while Tish got changed I set up the 
    changing room dressed in jeans and a tee-shirt, but it was a very 
    different Tish who came out.  Talk about sexy, black fishnet 
    stockings, black lacy panties, a frilly lacy supender belt and 
    high heeled shoes, a long string of pearls around her neck, 
    dangling over her breasts.
        "Like it?" she purred, undulating her lips as she crossed the 
    room.  "Do you think they're sexy enough?"
        I whistled in appreciation.  She really was a beautifull woman 
    with soft breasts, and a smell of sweetness.  If I were a man, I 
    would gave jumped on her right there and then. God!
        
        She climbed onto the bed and posed, crouched on all fours.  I 
    focussed the camera and began taking pictures.
        She smiled, pushed out the tip of her tongue and held it 
    between her teeth.  I felt a strange thrill shooting through my 
    body as I imagined her tongue flicking lightly over my clit.
        It was such a strange thought for me to entertain that I felt 
    myself blushing.  Thankfully, Tish didn't notice.  I shot three 
    rolls of film before she said: "I'll take my panties off, and you 
    can shoot me while I am taking them off."
        She stood up and hooked her thumb inside her panties, her face 
    a mask of teasing invitation.  She inched the wispy black lace 
    down slowly, revealing her thick curly pubes.  I could see her 
    sweet lips through her hair, soft lips.  Then, turning around, she 
    bared her peachy little ass before lying down on the bed, what a 
    shot that was, and she began to ly down and drawing up her knees. 
    Languidly, she pulled her panties down her stockinged thighs to 
    her ankles before deftly hooking them over her high-heeled shoes. 
        Kneeling on the bed, she licked her fingers and caressed her 
    nipples until they were hard and thrusting. They must have been 
    almost an inch long, and the sight of them began to make my pussy 
    juicy with a tingly sensation.
        Then, cupping her hands under her breasts, she squeezed the 
    firm flesh, blatanly offering them to me.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



  



        I pressed the shutter, my eyes were drinking in the sight, my 
    cunt was getting wetter and wetter. I have never taken photos of a 
    nude woman, no less, watch one erotically in front of me.
        I was feeling turned on.  I'd never envisaged fancying another 
    woman and I felt embarrassed and hoped she wouldn't notice me, but 
    by now she must have noticed my jeans, wet, God am I hot.
        Then I told her:  "Turn around and we'll do a few ass shots."
    Hopefully this would take my mind off of her tits and cunt, and 
    hopefully she would not notice my wet crotch.
        She crouched on all fours facing the other way, and wiggled 
    her bottom invitingly.  I moved around her, watching the muscles 
    rippling under the soft flesh of her thighs.
        "Look back over your shoulder", I ordered.  "Now, look 
    vulnerable, startled.  As if someone's just crept up behing you 
    and slapped your ass...like this!!!"  As I slapped her ass across 
    both cheeks, and she bit her lips, looking at me with a strange 
    expression in her eyes.  I clicked the camera again and she began 
    really performing!
        Lying face down, she spread her legs wide apart and writhed 
    around on the bed.  I looked down at her squirming body and 
    suddenly realised that my crocth was no longer the only thing wet, 
    but so was my pants leg.
        I resisted the temptation to spank her inviting ass again and 
    took some more shots.  Standing over her on the bed, she turned 
    around and knelt at my feet, her pouting lips parted.  Slowly her 
    tongue came out and flicked at an imaginary cock, backwards and 
    forwards, with slavish devotion.
        My cunt was shielded from her mouth only by the thin satin of 
    my own panties and I wondered what would happen if I took off my 
    jeans, with that tantalising tongue only a mere two inches away! 
    She must have noticed my cunt dripped through my jeans!  The 
    atmosphere was electric... and the film was finsihed!
        I stepped onto the floor and she kept right on posing for me. 
    She lay back on the bed, gripping her thighs in her hands, arching 
    her body and jerking her hips.  Her ass rose and fell against the 
    bed, her face a picture of sensual lust.
        Then her fingers wandered down to her clit and began to circle 
    it. She began to squirm with excitement as the fingers of her 
    other hand pushed into her juicy cunt.  Suddenly she realised what 
    she was doing, adn her breasts heaved as she fought to control 
    herself, blushing with embarrassment.
        "Oh, I was getting so horny!" she grinned.  "Sorry, I got 
    carried away.  Come on, it's your turn now.  Give me the camera.  
    I'll re-load it and then you can give me a show!"
        "What do you mean?  I'm the photographer." I said.
        "Oh, don't be a spoilsport." she replied.
        "Don't fall into that trap of thinking that all models are 
    hare-brained.  I've always intended going round to the other side 
    of the camera once my modelling career starts to slip."
        I didn't want to be ungrateful as she had so unselfishly 
    agreed to pose for nothing, so I stripped off down to my boot and 
    panties.  God, my crotch was sooo wet...










  





        Although I felt a flicker of apprehension, I put on a brave 
    face, giving her little flashes of my pussy hair before I finally 
    pulled my panties right down to the floor.  Then I found I wanted 
    to tease her, to see if I could do to her what she did to me.
        I began to wriggle my ass, tracing over my skin with my long 
    nails.  I glanced over my shoulder to the camera lens, feeling her 
    eyes exploring every inch of my body.  I revelled in it, tingling 
    from head to foot.
        I watched her as she took the pictures, wondering what it 
    would be like to run my hands over her tits, to feel the soft 
    golden curls of her cunt.  Did her cunt feel the same inside as 
    mine?
        Then I crouched on all fours like a bitch, quivering my hips 
    as if I was being savagely fucked by a hugh cock.  I knew just how 
    she felt now.  You start pretending, but after awhile your pants 
    and whimpers become real.  My cunt seemed to be on fire, my whole 
    body possessed of a strange life of its own, shaking as if cum 
    was spurting deep into my slit.
        I squatted astride an imaginary cock and swivelled my hips, 
    circling round and round like a slow belly dancer.
        I moved fatser and faster, furiously rocking my hips from side 
    to side as if scorching the skin of some cock.  But the juice 
    which was oozing out of my cunt wasn't imaginary!
        "Oooh, that's fabulous!" squealed Tish snapping away.
        I lay back and stretched out my legs, holding them high in the 
    air, knowing that her yeyes would be glued to my wet cunt.
        My hands wandered down to my thighs, closer, closer to my 
    pussy. I juts couldn't hold myself to do it, to finger-fuck myself 
    right there in front of her, to bring myself to an orgasm while 
    she photographed me.
        I pushed my fingers up inisde my ass and began to pump them in 
    and out.  My breasts were burning and my face felt flushed with a 
    mixture of embarrassment and pleasure.  She's stopped taking 
    pictures.  What was she doing?
        Then, with my body surging towards climax, every muscle 
    quivering with anticipation of that longed for release, I felt her 
    pressing her naked flash against mine.
        Her togue slipped into my mouth and she began squeezing my 
    tits with one hand, her other hand cupped my crotch.  My fingers 
    found her clit as hers dipped into my cunt.
        I was boiling over with excitement, the sensation of kissing 
    and fondling another woman was driving me wild with passion.
        Then she sprawled over me, her legs on each side of my head 
    and her lips kissing at my hard clit.  I gave her juicy cunt a 
    loving lick as she gripped my face tighly between her warm thighs.
        We wriggled with pleasure and sucked at each other's cunt, 
    squealing with delight as we drank one another's juice.  Then, 
    pulling back my cunt lips, she pushed her tongue deep into my 
    hole, quickly bringing me to a deliriously exciting orgasm.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

                   
   
 



    I seized her juicy clit between my teeth and flicked it with 
    my tongue, forcing cries of pleasure from her throat until her 
    pussy was over-flowing, her oily juice trickling all over my face. 
    Noisily, Tish nibbled my clit and my body was soon tingling to the 
    thrill of another creaming.
        Her sobs of pleasure mixed with my own, our flesh writhing and 
    shaking in exquisite spasms as we twisted and rolled about on the 
    bed.  When we'd licked and sucked each other till our bodies were 
    too weak to continue, we lay still for a long time.
        I felt dazed, confused, embarrassed and ecstatic all at once. 
    But all I could do was purr with pleasure.  We couldn't look at 
    each other first, but then I took the initiative and tenderly 
    kissed her.
        "I just had to," she told me.  "Do you have any regrets?"
        "None at all", I replied, gently cupping her breasts in my 
    hands.
         I felt very relaxed, but she obviously wanted more.  She held 
    my face gently in her two hands and guided my lips to hers.  They 
    were soft, moist and warm and her tongue forced my mouth open to 
    rape it and delve deep into the cavern of my throat.  I felt 
    myslef melting and relaxing my nakedness against her, slumping low 
    on the bed with my legs widely straddled.
         We broke apart, gasping for breath, out lips moist wih 
    mingled salivia, smiling at each other.  I could feel my pussy 
    twitching and aching; tingling and oozing its juices as she put 
    one arm around my shoulders and let her other hand drift over my 
    glowing body.  I didn't feel uncomfotable or embarrassed anymore; 
    in fact I felt far more relaxed that I had ever done when my 
    boyfriends were making love to me.
          Her fingers carressed the thick, dark curls of my pussy, 
    making it twitch more than ever.  By that time deep-throated 
    groans were coming from my throat and I was tensing my thighs as I 
    pushed them wider apart.  
          She snaked her middle finger up and down my burning slit,  
    "Shall I fuck you with my tongue?  Words can't express how much I 
    want to eat your pussy, suck your juices and lick you until you 
    come."
          That first time had been hurried, but this time it felt as 
    if we were making love in slow motion.
    
          I gasped and snatched for breath, trying to relax, throwing 
    my arms high behind my head, I thrust my pussy forward as she 
    began to snake her tongue down through the thick forest of my 
    cunt. Her fingers gently opened me up, spreading the lips and 
    exposing the cherry red flesh underneath.  I could feel her 
    massaging the whole slimy area with the heel of one palm as she 
    teased the ineer folds with her tongue.  When it wa fully 
    lubricated she sucked my erect clitty gently between her lips, and 
    sucked it in and out of her mouth while she drove her forefinger 
    deep into my hole.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



                   
   
   



        "You're so beautifully tight, dear," she murmured, her voice 
    muffled by my pussy flesh, "but try to relax so that I can get two 
    fingers in and you'll enoy it all the more."
          I made a conscious effort to relax and felt the tip of 
    another finger at my entrance.  She licked harder on my clit, 
    really lashing it with her tongue, catching its sentistive tip 
    with every lash.  I could feel lovely sensations washing over me 
    and I wanted her to make me come.  I began to push hard on her 
    fingers as I became more excited, ramming against her tongue and 
    lips.  The climax finally burst over me and she knew exactly the 
    right moment to dig the other finger deep into my clutching, 
    flooding cunt.  She was still licking at the copious, creamy 
    juices which oozed from my widening hole long after the wonderful 
    orgasm had died away.
         She put my hand on her breasts.  It thrilled me to take her 
    breasts, naked and full and firm, in the palms of my hands.  I 
    lowered my head to take each pert, erect, inflamed nipple into my 
    mouth in turn.  They felt very hot and tight as I squeezed them 
    with my lips and sucked them deep, taking some of the soft milk 
    flesh as well.
         Once more she pulled my mouth onto hers and I could taste my 
    own juices as we kissed, long and deep.  I let my hand slid down 
    over her belly until it could stroke and dabble, in her juicy 
    slit. She stretched her legs out to their fullest extent.  I had 
    never dreamt that I would fine one so attractive.  It was all wet 
    and gaping; even the sparse curls which covered her flesh cunt 
    lips were shinning with droplets of her sweet cream.  Lowering my 
    head over her body I used my thumbs to open her cunt further, to 
    gaze at its oiliness with the tight little red bud jutting out of 
    the pink bed of flesh.  The heady scent of clean femaleness wafted 
    up to my nostrils as I bent lower and lower.
         "Do it!" she groaned, pressing slightly on my head.  "Please 
    do it!"  I flashed out my tongue, tasting her.    
         It made me feel sexier than ever - and bolder.  Running my 
    tongue round my lips to moisten them I softly clamped my mouth on 
    the most sensitive part of her pussy.  She groaned, thrusting her 
    sopping wet cunt flesh into my mouth so that it felt full and her 
    juices slopped from the corners of my lips.
         I felt her squirming around under me so that she was lying 
    with her head directly under my own fanny and her tongue was 
    stretched out to pierce my cunt!
         Suckin harder on her clit, I pushed my own down hard on her 
    mouth and we began to eat each other, ravenously, with complete 
    abandon, like two rutting bitches in fuckin' heat!
         She stretched me wide open and licked back and forth along my 
    slit, tickling my thighs with her soft dark hair.  My own legs 
    ached with the tension and I bobbed harder, lashing at her firm 
    clitty.  God was it gooooood!
          I felt my stomach trembling as lights flashed before my 
    eyes; sounds roared through my head and a whirlpool of gusty, 
    beautiful spasms swept me along tp the peak of climax.  I hope she 
    was cumming too, so that we could expience the togetherness at the 
    same time.
    
    
    
    
    
 


             




         I pushed two and then three fingers into her slippery hole 
    and felt it clutching on them tightly, I knew then that she was 
    cumming too.  She went wild as she reached her peak; writhing and 
    clawing and mumbling.
          Grabbing at my ass cheeks, she pushed me down her body until 
    my convulsing pussy was directly over her own.  She bounced me up 
    and down as though she was trying to make me fuck her, clawing 
    madly at my titties at the same time, pulling at my nipples.
          "Ride me, baby!" she groaned.  "Ride me!"
          At last she calmed down and we knelt together, holding each 
    other close, and kissing, tasting each other's juices, tenderly 
    holding each other's bodies as though we were each a piece of 
    fragile china.
          She flopped back on the bed, spreading her thighs again, 
    opening up her lovely cunt.  "I want you to bring me off with your 
    lovely tits," she said quitely.  "I'll hold my pussy open and you 
    nestle your nipples in the slit.  Rub your nipple hard against my 
    clitty.  I know it will be beautiful for us both."
          Snaking a hand under my body, she pressed one of my tits and 
    I felt a quiver of excitement inside the heavy globe of flesh as 
    she pushed my nipple hard against her clit! She rocked back and 
    forth under me, and I took up the rhythm, pressing my tit into her 
    wet valley.  It felt smooth with excitement.  I could see bribbles 
    of her juices gathering on the slopes of my tits as we both became 
    more and more excited.
          She began to breathe very heavily and writhed madly under me 
    so that I had to gasp her thighs viciously to keep in contact with 
    her cunt.  She was lost in the wild throes of orgasm and I could 
    feel her cunt flesh clutching at my tits.  The steady pulsing was 
    like a vast mouth sucking at my tits, bringing me off as never 
    before through my tits!!!!!
          
    The photos were terrific and I had no trouble selling them to a 
    men's magazine.  Well, that's how I became a glamour photographer 
    - and a lover of female flesh at the same time!
    
    Until next time.....try eating some pussy, even if its your female 
    friend...........
    
    Love, Angela


