BTN:  Birmingham Telecommunications News
COPYRIGHT 1990

Feburary 1990    Volume 3, Issue 2

Table Of Contents
-----------------
Article Title                                   Author

Policy Statement and Disclaimer.................Staff
Editorial Column................................Dean Costello
Birmingham BBS Scene Predictions For The 1990's.Tyros
Big Weanie In The Big Easy......................Dean Costello
Review & Overview of ProDoor 3.1................Ricky Morgan
What Is A BTN Party Like?.......................Bill Freeman
Profile:  Karsten Propper.......................Chris Mohney
Insights........................................Ron Albright
Book Review.....................................Gene Ebert
Message Board...................................Barry Bowden
Known BBS Numbers...............................Staff
EzNet Multiple Echo List........................Staff

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer and Statement of Policy for BTN

We at BTN try our best to assure the accuracy of articles and
information in our publication.  We assume no responsibility for
damage due to errors, omissions, etc.  The liability,if any for BTN, its
editors and writers, for damages relating to any errors or omissions,
etc., shall be limited to the cost of a one year subscription to BTN,
even if BTN, its editors or writers have been advised of the likelihood
of such damages occurring.

With the conclusion of that nasty business, we can get on with our
policy for publication and reproduction of BTN articles.  We publish
monthly with a deadline of the fifteenth of the month prior to
publication.  If you wish to submit an article, you may do so at any
time but bear in mind the deadline if you wish for your work to appear
in a particular issue.  It is not our purpose to slander or otherwise
harm a person or reputation and we accept no responsibility for the
content of the articles prepared by our writers.  Our writers own their
work and it is protected by copyright.  We allow reprinting of articles
from BTN with only a few restrictions.  The author may object to a
reprint, in which case he will specify in the content of his article.
Otherwise, please feel free to reproduce any article from BTN as long as
the source, BTN, is specified, and as long as the author's name and the
article's original title are retained.  If you use one of our articles,
please forward a copy of your publication to:

Mark Maisel
Editor, BTN
221 Chestnut St.
BHM, AL 35210-3219

We thank you for taking the time to read our offering and we hope that
you like it.  We also reserve the right to have a good time while doing
all of this and not get too serious about it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                               NEWSFLASH

The Islands BBS is still with us but due to drive troubles, it will be
down until it is fixed.  How is that for accurate reporting?  Keep
trying and when you connect, let us all know via EzNet!

There are two boards that I had to drop this month from the list.
ProSoft Systems and Gizmo's Atari BBS both are not answering me at any
time.  I am particularly saddened by the loss of ProSoft as it was one
of the older boards in town and the sysop is a good friend.  I don't
know for certain if he is down for good but I intend to find out.
Gizmo's reported a new number as the BBS moved but I have not been able
to get an answer out of it.  It may well turn out that this new number
will answer this month so I can add Gizmo's back to the list.

Anyone with clues as to the whereabouts of Scott Ferguson and/or his
Penny Arcade will be rewarded with a year's free subscription to BTN if
they come forward with any information leading to contact with either or
both.

Until next time, I am MM, and still the editor Deanie Weanie!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Editorial
by Dean Costello

     <Shh>Don't say anything.  Mark went to sleep, and he thinks I am
just fiddling around with Mah-Jongg in the computer room.  In December,
when I wrote my thing on how I feel about Southerners, I was scheduled
to write the editorial, but Mark wouldn't let me.  So, here is my
chance.

     Well, to task.  First thing is to make some succinct and pithy
points about something that is going on.  Unfortunately, nothing is
coming to mind.  It kind of bothers me the nasty turn some of the
argument conferences have taken, but I really cannot say anything about
this since I am knee-deep in some of them, so that is the end of that.
How about the business with all of the strange "Project" conferences?
Some of us seem to think that it is some insidious plot against
somebody, using them, but I don't know, so I cannot say anything about
that either.

     I could write on the amount of pizza I have eaten at the august
editor's house, with no apparent return on his/their investment, but
that would just get him upset, and I wouldn't be allowed to eat there
anymore, leastways on their buck, not mine.  I could write about the
efficacy and place of Jonathon Chick's comics in today's society, but
even I cannot pull that trick off.  However, Kathy, the editor's current
wife, seems entranced in them.  When asked by this reporter, she says,
"I have often wondered whether or not there is anyone out there that are
more stupid than Bible Thumpers.  Well, I seem to have found the answer
to that.  But, they haven't changed my life." However, Chris Mohney, the
ProFile writer, said, "Well Goodness, they have done wonderful things
for me.  Without reservation, Chick Comics have changed my life." Well,
you heard it here first, kids.  Anyway, this has gone on long enough, so
I suppose this is the end of the pithy comments section, and onto the
next area.

     We now move onto the review of everyone's articles.  Mine's good.
In fact, it is incredible.  I couldn't believe that I could have written
this, it is so wonderful.  But enough about me.  Tyros cranked out an
intriguing little article about what is going to happen in the not too
distant future.  I like it since he refers to me several times.  Rick
Morgan has his third installment of ProDoor, not too bad, but he doesn't
mention me by name once.  Chris Mohney, in his magnificent omnipotence,
chose Karsten Propper as this month's ProFile.  Brother Ron Albright
yaks about various insightful subjects in his monthly column of
"Insights".  Gene Ebert reviews a book; and Barry Bowden does his usual
Message Board.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Birmingham BBS Scene Predictions for the 1990s
by Tyros


** 1990 **

R. Dean Costello returns to his native Maryland, but finds that his
former peers now shun and scorn him for his instinctively acquired
accent and mannerisms.  A Man Without A Region, he adopts a nomadic
lifestyle, wandering America's roads; he eventually emigrates to the
U.S.S.R. and finds happiness supervising the remainder of the 25-year
hazardous waste cleanup at Chernobyl.

Randy Hilliard's two-year term as sysop of Channel 8250 ends, and he is
replaced in an election upset by Tim Straughn, who hopes to elevate his
standings in the yearly BBS survey.

The Connection scores another BBS first with its unprecedented ambitious
billboard advertising campaign.  Birmingham's citizens are reminded that
the Connection is Alabama's Premiere PC-Board while driving on state
highway 79, U.S. 280, I-65, Valley Avenue and other major thoroughfares.


** 1991 **

Under the aggressive hand of Rocky Rawlins, the Matrix expands further,
adding a dozen extra nodes and taking over Sperry BBS, ST BBS, Magnolia,
SouthTrust Bank, the Birmingham Race Course and a large controlling
share in University Hospital.

Telecommunicating at less than 1200 baud is finally made an official
traffic violation, with a fine of $49.00 (excluding court costs) and
repossession of the violator's modem upon second offense.

Kelly Rosato is elected mayor of Birmingham, after a tight and messy
city election.


** 1992 **

Financially-troubled Commodore Business Machines tries a desperate move,
as it releases the first 64K IBM clone that the industry has seen in
several years.  The machine includes a discount coupon applicable to the
first ten repairs.

Debate over the secret behind the mysterious Project Conference, a
private message base seen on several local PC-Boards, renews with
intensity after a user list from the conference slips into public domain
and is found to include the names o f BO JACKSON, HOWELL HEFLIN, MARILYN
QUAYLE, DENG ZIAO-PING, RANDY HILLIARD, KATHY MAISEL, and JIMI HENDRIX.

Photographs from the most recent BTN party disappear under unknown
circumstances; they resurface months later, circulating among America's
premier adult photo magazines while being acclaimed for their artistic
quality and tastefulness.


** 1993 **

Joseph McDonald appears on a "Just A Minute" editorial segment on WVTM,
channel 13, and spends sixty seconds complaining about Fred Hambrecht.

A new BBS, The Palace, appears and raises controversy by only being
online for fifteen minutes every week, between 7:00 and 7:15 p.m. every
Tuesday.  The board becomes one of Birmingham's most popular, despite
this, and a popular political debate over microwave oven technology
lasts nearly four years.

The popular female user who calls herself "Melanie" surprises her many
admirers by renouncing all material things, becoming a nun, and joining
the St. Cecilia Convent in Houston, Texas.


** 1994 **

The national echo Metronet, carried by Birmingham's Channel 8250, makes
its first link with the Soviet Union.  Response from the U.S.S.R. is
minimal, however, as no one there can still get their hands on a
computer.

PC-Board version 20.0 is released amid much hoopla; the most hyped new
feature is an option in the sysop's menu that will electrocute an online
user when the sysop presses F10.

Sohail Rabbani returns to his native Pakistan and becomes an official in
Benazir Bhutto's democratic government, as the newly created Minister of
Alcohol.


** 1995 **

Mark Maisel becomes the first Birmingham City Councilman elected under
the Libertarian ticket.  He promises hard fun for all.

Begun in the late-'80s, the surge of women in the local BBS scene
reaches its highest point ever, as the number of female users finally
overtakes the number of male users.  Several women-only BBS's spring up.


** 1996 **

David Shockey begins his campaign for the Republican nomination for
President of the United States, but trailing in the polls behind George
Bush, Jack Kemp and Morton Downey Jr, Shockey quits the race and accuses
the Republican Party of being filled with wimps, centrists and
"unnatural persons".

The Unofficial Birmingham BBS Poll, now in its eighth year, is
fundamentally changed in structure, as it begins calling local users,
rather than vice versa, in order to collect votes.


** 1997 **

The Matrix upgrades to 2.4 terabytes and annexes the city of Homewood.

After years of corporate climbing, Mark Kieskowski is promoted to
regional director of AT&T.

Richard Arrington, out of local politics, starts his own public BBS,
where the debate over the confederate flag begins anew.


** 1998 **

BTN celebrates its 10th anniversary with a mention on the local TV news.
A jubilant editorial staff raises the price from "nothing" to "next to
nothing".  Circulation steadily drops as wary subscribers puzzle over
what that means.

A group of listless ex-Mormons discover some old BBS messages saved to
disk from the late '80s, and, believing that Dean Costello truly was the
Almighty, begin a new religion revolving around him.  Douglas Reinsch
and Mark Maisel capitalize on their new theological status and start
asking for money on local public access cable television.

Ed O'Neill emigrates to Pakistan.


** 1999 **

Telecommunication technology breakthroughs render modems obsolete as
bulletin board systems may now be accessed via telepathy.  Despite this
advance, the Birmingham BBS scene remains unchanged for the most part.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Big Weanie In The Big Easy (*D1)
by Dean Costello

     I have always, for the most part, had good feelings toward our
illustrious leader, Mark Maisel, so I didn't think much of it when he
came to me one day.  Over the last few months, he and I have spent a lot
of Tuesdays and Wednesdays together, since my schedule is such that I
can change things around easily, and he has those two days off and very
few people can do anything with him.  This being the case, I have come
to expect strange phone calls at about 8 a.m., Tuesday or so to go with
him to some strange place I have never heard of.

     Now, about (*M1)(*D2) 3 weeks ago, he comes up to me and says, "Hey
Deanie Weanie, I have a couple of tickets to Winter Comdex in New
Orleans, and I want to know if you would like to accompany me?" I, never
thinking about the fact there is no such thing as Winter Comdex, in New
Orleans or wherever, said, "Duh, Okay.  Sounds like fun, Mark." He then
makes arrangements for a place to stay in the French Quarter.  "Why
there?", I ask? "It is close to the Superdome where Comdex is being held
this time.", he replies. "Wow, it must be a real big event this time!" I
exclaimed.  "Yes, it will be", he answered with a wicked grin on his
face.  I also discovered that the place we were going to stay was $40
per night for the both of us.  I started to get nervous.

     So, I go over to his place on the 18th of December.  It is cold and
raining.  I think, "Well, this is a good omen." I wasn't all that far
off.  He wandered home about half an hour after I arrived.  He then took
a shower, we loaded up the car, and moved out.  The drive was relatively
uneventful.  We sung along to Frank Zappa's album, "Thing-Fish", until
the sun went down.  We rolled into Mississippi, took a leak at a
Mississippi rest stop, and continued on.  We got to some curious part in
the road somewhere south of Jackson, where they had just finished
repaving the road. Unfortunately, it was also raining or sleeting, so we
started going down the interstate sideways for a stretch.

     We got into New Orleans at about 10:30.  We found the place after
driving around that part of town for a while, and settled in.  "Well,
Deanie Weanie, here we are, let's go for a walk." That sounded good to
me, so we bopped down to Bourbon Street to find a place to eat and
drink. Wandered around for a while, saw some places, had a dinner that
just couldn't be beat, and wandered back home again.  We went to sleep
at about 12:30-ish.  Also, I would like to say here that trying to sleep
in the same room as Mark is like trying to sleep in a saw mill.
(*M2)But I will leave the subject at that.

     Next morning, Mark dragged my ass out of bed at 8:30am.  I asked
him about when we were going to the Comdex.  He then admitted that there
was no such thing as Winter Comdex, and it served me right for being
here since I was dumb enough not to know it.  There was much wailing and
gnashing of teeth, but I settled down and accepted the inevitable:
(*M3)I had to be nice to Mark for another couple of days or I would be
marooned.

     So, we shopped around some and ate a nice breakfast, (*M4)drank
some of that evil sludge they call coffee down there, and did the
streetcars. We rode the Saint Charles streetcar and had a nice ride,
except on the way back.  Something curious occurred.  (*M5)Someone threw
a milk carton at the streetcar, and it hit the window in front of me,
spraying me with milk and glass (*D6).  Now, the day was starting to
pick up!

     We wandered and rode back toward Canal Street, got some lunch, and
strolled back to the room to drop off our paraphernalia. Unfortunately,
Mark parked his car in an area that was scheduled to be cleaned that
day.  We turned the corner, I kind of looked ahead, and said, "uhh,
Mark, is that your car?" "No, that's a Toyota.", he replied, as we
continued up the street.  "Well, if that isn't your car, where is it?"
"Oh dear!" (*D7).

     We then walked into the guest house, and asked the desk clerk what
happened to Mark's car.  She said that since we parked in a spot that
was to be cleaned that day, New Orleans had the car towed to the impound
yard.  Mark thought that was just dandy, and asked for a cab to be
called.  We found out that the price for liberating the car is $70.
"That's too way too high!, where is the courthouse?, I want to appeal
this!", Mark exclaimed to the surly folk at the impound yard (*D8). They
told us where it was, so we hoofed down there, 4 blocks down and eight
blocks up.  It was 4:10 by now, so we were in a hurry since this part of
New Orleans wasn't exactly the best part of town to be in.  We got down
to the courthouse, filled out some forms, and Mark went in to see the
Judge. The Judge agreed with Mark, and so they let us out of there with
no fine due.  We got down to the impound yard again, got the car out of
hock, and went back to the room, noting where we could park and not get
towed again.

     By this time, my knee was swollen up to the size of a softball, so
I demanded that we sit for a while until I could bend my knee again. We
discovered that the thrill was gone in New Orleans.  We took off again
in about 45 minutes, and again wandered around French Quarter.  Checked
out some art galleries in Mark's ongoing quest to find a Boris Vallejo
print.  (*M6)We went to a local music store that was long on local
flavor and short on commercialism, called Tower Records.  We went back
up the Quarter, and ate dinner at a very good Italian Restaurant (and I
should know). We drank wine, ate way too much dinner, and sang songs
that amused us. We were not sure about the patrons but the owners didn't
kick us out.  After we left, we picked up a bottle of Bacardi 151 rum
and we ended up drinking most of it in the lobby of our guest house.  We
played a curious game called (*M7)(*D10) Trunk out in front of the
building way into the early hours of the morning.

     Next morning we out and about again.  And we left New Orleans at
about 9 or 9:30.  A few scattered notes.  1).  Mark has a strange
predilection toward what he calls "Titty Bars".  2). Mark can do some
snoring.  Tuesday night, he passed out about two hours before I went to
sleep.  As I shut the lights off, he was in rare snoring form.  I smiled
to myself, and said,"Snore for me, big boy." He didn't even break
stride, and replied, "Can Do". (*M8)Scared the piss out of me.

     Wrap-up paragraph.  It was, on the whole, a pretty cool time.  I
think that New Orleans is a nice place to visit for about 3 days, but
that is about it.  Also, I got annoyed with the smooth boys trying to
get money out of me down there.  I would also like to have seen Mark
change his clothes more often, but that is a personal thing, I suppose.
And I never did get to see the Superdome.

     Editor's Notes ad nauseum

     (*M1) The time period is relative to the beginning date of the
     trip, December 18, 1989. mm

     (*M2) It is probably best that Dean left "the subject at that".
     His own sleeping habits are extremely amusing and could be
     embarrassing to the point of damaging his future career should they
     be revealed.  I will keep my silence, this having been cleared up.
     mm (*D3).

     (*M3) In my experience, I have found that most folks don't "have to
     be nice" to me.  It comes naturally since I am nice to them.
     Perhaps it is Dean's Yankee heritage and upbringing that makes him
     "have to be nice" to me as with everyone else Southern that he
     encounters down here. mm  (*D4)

     (*M4) I drank some of that evil sludge out of curiosity, since I
     don't normally drink coffee at all, and out of cultural respect, I
     tried it and actually half-way enjoyed it.  It was the only coffee
     I have ever had that had any taste other than that of dirt.  Dean
     sipped his once and proceeded to make an offering to the New
     Orleans Sewer of his cup.  He did not drink the coffee so much as
     he tasted it. mm  (*D5).

     (*M5) Dean found out the hard way that Southerners universally do
     not care for Yankees and can spot them at great distance as did the
     youth who threw the milk carton.  Fortunately for Dean, the youth
     was not a very accurate thrower.  Since this incident, Dean has
     been much more appreciative of the mere taunts and looks he gets
     from Alabamians since he has seen how much more reactionary other
     Southerners can be to his presence. mm

     (*M6) I believe Dean has this backwards.  Tower is a huge national
     chain with more floor space than I have seen in any three other
     stores combined.  The people there were extremely helpful and
     friendly considering the intimidating size of this place.  Even the
     policeman who demanded our posters before we could enter was nice,
     especially when we noticed his hand on his gun. mm (*D9).

     (*M7) The correct name of the game we played is Tunk which is a
     very simple and amusing game for losing much money very quickly.
     It was difficult to play outside and it was cold but neither of us
     cared very much since we were full of Puerto Rican gasoline. mm

     (*M8) He is quite literal in what he says here.  It was very
     embarrassing for him when I called the nice girl at the desk to ask
     for more sheets, particularly since I explained in great detail why
     we needed them and for whom.  I thought everyone could converse
     when asleep.  I do it all the time. mm  (*D11).

     Writer's responses to the Editor's Notes, ad infinitum.

     (*D1)--I didn't call this Big Weanie in the Big Easy.  I wish he
     would stop calling me that. dc

     (*D2)--Yup, he is about right on that. dc

     (*D3)--The Hell!  He snores like a steam engine.  And the only
     noise I made the entire night was rustling my sleeping bag which I
     was using as a pillow. dc

     (*D4)--Yeah, right.  And if I wasn't nice to him, I'd probably
     still be there.  He threatened me with being marooned in Algiers if
     I didn't play nice.  And remember, this is from a someone who is
     "Nice to others."  If that is nice, I would hate to see vindictive.
     dc

     (*D5)--That stuff was rude.  When it hit the water in the sewer,
     the water started the bubble.  And I noticed about an hour later or
     so, after the caffeine rush started to wear off, he wasn't as
     entranced with the coffee anymore since he was starting to get
     sleepy.  On that day he became another statistic of the evil
     scourge of coffee addiction.  It was like smoking marijuana, and
     then jumping right into LSD.  Pathetic to watch, yet amusing
     nonetheless. dc

     (*D6)--I maintain that the event was just a random act of violence
     on the general tourist, not on a Northerner particularly.  Besides,
     it was a native that was struck directly by the flying glass, not
     I. dc

     (*D7)--Well, he really said more nasty, evil, wicked, and
     unChristian-like statements, than "Oh, dear", but he demands a PG
     newsletter, so I edited it to suit the more genteel reader.  For
     those of you who are not quite so gentile, think of him raving
     about something for about 15 minutes, with a lot of cursing thrown
     in for good measure.  He wove a beautiful tapestry of language over
     the French Quarter that evening, so well that it remained hovering
     overhead until we left the next morning. dc

     (*D8)--See footnote D7.  The same applies in this circumstance.  He
     was not a patient person. dc

     (*D9)--What is the problem with you people and irony?  Do you get
     lost on such advanced ideas? dc

     (*D10)--I also discovered that he learned this little game at the
     Post Office.  My tax dollars at work. dc

     (*D11)--It did startle me, there is no way around that.  But he
     takes it to its ludicrous extreme.  Nothing unsavory came out of me
     but an exclamation of surprise. dc

     Editor's Closing Comments

     So, it comes to this.  Whose version will you believe, mine, a long
     known and trusted friend, or this Deanie Weanie, Johnny-Come-Lately
     who has barely gotten his feet wet around these parts?  Most of you
     have known me for years and those of you who don't, know those who
     do and you can ask them who is believeable and who is not.  I
     contend that Dean is aspiring to his typical "K & G" laxative type
     behavior that is so common among graduate students from Northern
     climes.  Perhaps he will outgrow it in time.  We can only hope as
     he settles down to his new home in Montgomery working for ADEM or
     some other such environmental agency.


     Writer's Rebuttal.

     Oh really? Just because he puts together this rag called "BTN"
     doesn't mean he is God, but unfortunately he doesn't know this.
     This egomanical fiend is trying to cast dispersions upon my
     veracity. Alright, I have only been around for about a year
     (active for 8 months, present in Birmingham for 1.5 years), but
     does that automatically disqualify me from being right? I don't
     think so. Ohhh. He's a non-profit celebrity.  Whoaaaa. I'm
     impressed. And then he has the nerve to attack my article as not
     being an accurate account of what happened in New Orleans.  I am
     somewhere between miffed and truly pissed off. <And by the way, his
     password on Crunchy Frog is 'IM_WONDERFUL'. Check it out sometime.
     I was able to sneak it in since I had the last read of this
     article. Trust me.>. Besides, he probably won't even bother to
     proofread this anyway. Some editor...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

ProDoor 3.1 of 10-08-89;
Copyright (C) 1987, 1989 Samuel H. Smith
by Ricky Morgan

                      ProDoor and the Message Base

     This month we are going to look at the 'bread and butter' of the
Electronic Bulletin Board systems. File transfer and new software is all
well and good but what makes most of the BBS's run, is active
participation in the message bases (I'll not get into the subject of
Game Doors here). Most of the systems I frequent and most of the SySops
I have gotten to know, are interested in the free exchange of
information and ideas. Where as you maybe unable to contribute new and
better software to the File directories, we can all leave a message on
the boards.

     You don't have to be a super genius with computers to get involved
in the message base (I think I am proof of that). Whatever subjects
interest you, you will probably be able to find a board with a
conference that will fit your needs. If not, you may be able to convince
the SySop that he needs a different conference and if enough people show
willingness, in the form of messages, you may get your conference.

     What, specifically, is a conference? It is a section of the board
set aside for messages pertaining to a given subject. Every board has a
Main Board area for general messages. 'Hi, how ya doing?' etc. From the
Main Board you can then (J)oin a conference. Here is where you really
start to see the differences in BBS's. Almost every board will have an
IBM or Hardware conference, geared for the sharing of information on
computer hardware and software, after that the conferences go in all
directions; religious, non-religious, writing, reading, listeners,
reviews, want ads and yes Virginia, even Adult or X rated conferences.
The list goes on endlessly.

     PCBoard allows access to the conferences, provided your security
level allows you access as some areas are off limits to the casual user.
ProDoor, however, allows for easier access to the conferences and easier
manipulation when changing from conference to conference.

     The first command you will want to look at is (J)oin. At this
point, provided you are in ProDoor, you will be prompted with several
different options. (A)config or auto configure is probably the best
place to start. ProDoor will the start listing the available conferences
one at a time and ask if you wish to Scan this base for new messages.
From then on, ProDoor will automatically scan these message bases for
you and tell you if there is new mail. If new mail is found you will be
prompted as to whether or not you wish to join this conference and read
the mail. Once all the new mail has been read, ProDoor will then
continue the scan of the conferences for more new mail. What could be
simpler?

     Let's look at the available conference commands:

(J)oin      Allows you to switch to a different conference.  You may
            specify either a conference number or a conference name.
            Don't use <SPACE> in hotkey mode.  Examples:
               J M         ;main board
                           <Takes you to the Main Board>

               J;+         ;join next available conference
                           <From where you are>

               J;6         ;join conference 6

               J TOOLS     ;join tools conference

               J;2;Q       ;quick join, bypassing conference news
                           <Lets you skip the opening screen>

               J S         ;status of all conferences
                           <This will list the conferences and which
                            ones are scanned, high message number etc.
                            The following is an example of mine from the
                            Crunchy Frog.>

Auto        Conference  Messages     New    Last Msg  High Msg   Active
Scan  Num      Name      To You   Messages    Read     Number   Messages
----  ---   ----------  --------  --------  --------  --------  --------
 Yes   0    Main Board    0         0         7836      7836      887
 Yes   1    EZNET         0         0         4987      4987      301
 Yes   2    Readers       0         0         435       435       39
  No   3    Listener      N/A       1606      89        1695      143
  No   4    argument      N/A       491       4301      4792      1004
  No   5    gamers        N/A       437       1         437       104
 Yes   6    BTN           0         0         550       550       38
  No   7    Amiga         N/A       520       1         520       18
 Yes   8    MSDOS         0         0         912       912       147
 Yes   9    Writers       0         0         505       505       35
 Yes   11   XRated        0         0         2632      2632      139
 Yes   13   BTNWA         0         0         424       424       98
 Yes   14   Anti          0         0         375       375       121

               J S +       ;status of conferences after current one

               J A 20      ;configure autoscan starting with conference 20

            These subfunctions are available:
               (A)uto-join configuration update
               (M)ain board
               (N)ew message status
               (S)tatus of all conferences
               (Y)our mail.  Scan for conferences with new mail for you
               (+)next higher conference
               (-)next lower conference

     So by now you should be able to get in and out of the conferences
faster and easier with ProDoor. How do you read mail and, all
importantly, reply to mail with ProDoor?

     From the Main Board prompt, you can simply enter R S (Read since)
and ProDoor will start scanning.

              (0 used, 49 left) [Main Board] Command? r s

              Active message numbers are 6891-7836.
              Use (J +) or (J -) to change conferences.
              EZNET has 0 new messages.
              Readers has 0 new messages.
              BTN has 0 new messages.
              MSDOS has 0 new messages.
              Writers has 0 new messages.
              XRated has 0 new messages.
              BTNWA has 0 new messages.
              Anti has 0 new messages.

     Had there been new, unread messages I would have been asked I
wanted to join this conference. I could just as easily scanned for any
mail addressed directly to me (R Y) or for any mail addressed All (R A).
Once ProDoor finds a message addressed to you (or All, in the case of R
A) it will display the message for reading.

     If you want to look for a message with a specific topic you can
(Z)ip-search. This will scan the messages for a string, i.e BTN. Once
the message is found it will be displayed:

  To: RICKY MORGAN
From: MARK MAISEL                     Read: 01-20-90 (19:35)
City: BIRMINGHAM, AL               Last On: 01-19-90 (01:29)
Subj: ARTICLE?

   Where the @!?! is that article you promised me on ProDoor? I have to
have it soon for this month's BTN....

     Then you will be asked:

Zip search for (BTN), (Enter)=Continue search, (Z)=Quit search.

     At which point you may continue looking or quit back to the command
prompt.

     Sooner or later you will want to reply (RE) to a message or enter
(E) a new one. Both PCBoard and ProDoor will prompt for the name of the
person you are addressing the message to, (the name will already be
filled in if it's a reply), the subject (again this will be filled in
with the current topic if it's a reply. You can change it if you want
to). Then you reach the point where ProDoor and PCBoard differ. In
PCBoard you will simply type in one line of text at a time. A blank line
will take you to the menu for (S)aving, (L)isting , etc.

     ProDoor asks the cryptic, Use Visual Editor:? (Enter)=yes?
If you answer no you get the basic PCBoard style of text entry.
Answering yes, will get you into ProDoor's 'text' editor. At this point
let me warn you, you will need ANSI support and your escape key better
work or you'll stay in the visual editor until your automatically logged
off or you disconnect. I have just recently had an experience along
these lines and I must admit it can be frightening. I was using an
automated message program and I jumped to terminal mode to leave a
message. I had forgotten that the escape key for this program worked
locally to get me in and out of terminal mode. I started to enter a
message and when I hit <Escape> I was prompted by the local program,
instead of by the visual editor. I couldn't get out of the message. I
had to disconnect to break out. I don't like doing this and I'm sure a
lot of SySops don't care for it either (but then I'm paranoid too). Live
and learn.

     The Visual Editor is, in itself, very simple to operate but there
is a long list of commands that accompany it. For this article I am
simply going to list them for your convenience. It will give you a list
to print out and have handy when you go into the editor. If you want to
find these on-line, simply type H while inside the visual editor. Here
goes.

                          << ProDoor Visual Editor >>
                          <<  Q u i c k   H e l p  >>



’ÕÕÕÕÕÕ< Cursor Movement >ÕÕÕÕÕÕ—ÕÕÕ< Delete >ÕÕÕÕ—ÕÕÕÕÕ< Miscellaneous >ÕÕÕÕÕ∏
≥ ^S Char left   ^D Char right  ≥  ^G Character   ≥   ^B Reformat paragraph   ≥
≥ ^A Word left   ^F Word right  ≥ DEL Char left   ≥   ^N Insert a RETURN      ≥
≥ ^E Line  up    ^X Line down   ≥  ^T Word right  ≥   ^O Original msg display ≥
≥ ^I Tab cursor  ^P Line end    ≥  ^Y Line        ≥   ^Q Quote original msg   ≥
∆ÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕ< Scrolling >ÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕÕµ                 ≥   ^V Overtype/Insert mode ≥
≥ ^C Screen up   ^R Screen down ≥  ^J Join lines  ≥  ESC Exit to command mode ≥
¿ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ¡ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ¡ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒŸ



The ProDoor Visual Editor provides full-screen visual editing for online
message entry.  Visual editing requires ANSI terminal emulation.

Visual editing commands are WordStar-like control characters.  If your
terminal program provides ANSI keyboard emulation you will also be able
to use the indicated function keys.


<< Cursor Motion >>

Ctrl-S  Move left  1 character     (Left arrow key)
Ctrl-D  Move right 1 character     (Right arrow key)
Ctrl-E  Move up    1 line          (Up arrow key)
Ctrl-X  Move down  1 line          (Down arrow key)
Ctrl-A  Move left  1 word          (Ctrl-Left arrow key)
Ctrl-F  Move right 1 word          (Ctrl-Right arrow key)
Ctrl-I  Tab cursor to next tabstop (Tab key)
Ctrl-P  Move cursor to line end    (End key)
Ctrl-W  Move cursor to line start  (Home key)


<< Scrolling >>

Ctrl-R  Move up a page             (PgUp key)
Ctrl-C  Move down a page           (PgDn key)


<< Delete >>

Ctrl-G  Delete (gobble) character under cursor
Ctrl-H  Delete character to the left of the cursor  (Backspace)
Ctrl-T  Delete the word following the cursor
Ctrl-Y  Delete the current line
Ctrl-J  Join current line with next line


<< Miscellaneous >>

Ctrl-B  Reformat paragraph.  A paragraph ends with the first line that is
        blank or that has leading spaces.

Ctrl-L  Clear screen and redisplay.
        This also scrolls the screen so the cursor line is in the middle
        of the display.

Ctrl-N  Insert a RETURN.  Splits line at the cursor.

Ctrl-O  Review the text of the Original message you were reading or replying.
        You may also quote selected lines from the original message.

Ctrl-Q  Allows quoting from original message.  Same as Ctrl-O but does not
        display the original message again.

Ctrl-V  Toggle insert/overtype mode.  (Ins key)

Ctrl-U  Quit visual mode and return to the Message Entry Command prompt.

ESC     Exit visual mode and return to the Message Entry Command prompt.


                    [Additional notes and tips on next page]



Insert Mode versus Overtype Mode
--------------------------------

In insert mode, all characters typed are INSERTED before the cursor. The
ENTER key splits the line and BACKSPACE can re-join lines.

In overtype mode, characters "type over" what was on the screen before.
Overtype mode also disables the automatic line SPLIT / JOIN available in
insert mode.  Use ^N(split) and ^J(join) to manually split and join
lines while in overtype mode.



Keyboard emulation
------------------

The easiest way to control the cursor in Visual Edit mode is to use your
cursor keys.  Most popular terminal programs provide some sort of
keyboard emulation.  Unfortunately, this emulation is either incomplete
or requires you to go through an involved configuration process.

ProDoor also supports the "Doorway" keyboard mode of Qmodem.

The WordStar* command set was chosen as a control-character command set
because it can function on virtually any keyboard and with any terminal
emulation mode.  It also has the advantage of letting you keep your
fingers on the "home" keys while moving the cursor around.



Function             Keyboard Codes Recognized       Doorway Codes
--------             -------------------------       -------------


Cursor up . . . . . . . . . . . ^E
                        or      <esc> A                 <nul> H

Cursor down . . . . . . . . . . ^X
                        or      <esc> B                 <nul> P

Cursor right. . . . . . . . . . ^D
                        or      <esc> C                 <nul> M

Cursor left . . . . . . . . . . ^S
                        or      <esc> D                 <nul> K

Word right. . . . . . . . . . . ^F                      <nul> t

Word left . . . . . . . . . . . ^A                      <nul> s

Beginning of line . . . . . . . ^W
                        or      <esc> H                 <nul> G

End of line . . . . . . . . . . ^P
                        or      <esc> K                 <nul> O
                        or      <esc> R

Page up . . . . . . . . . . . . ^R
                        or      <esc> r                 <nul> I

Page down. . . . . . . . . . .  ^C
                        or      <esc> q                 <nul> Q

Insert mode toggle . . . . . .  ^V
                        or      <esc> n                 <nul> R


In this table, the symbol <esc> means any one of these character code
sequences:
        chr(27)
        chr(27) [
        chr(27) [ O

The symbol <nul> means chr(0) or an ASCII NUL.  These codes correspond
directly to the IBM extended scan codes produced by the corresponding
keyboard keys.  These codes are used if your terminal program supports
"Doorway" mode.

This provides support for a wide variety of keyboard emulations.

     This long list of commands may intimidate you at first. Don't let
it bother you. If your machine has ANSI support, using the Visual Editor
will be simple.

     Now let's look at the option offered while entering a message. Once
you have started a message,

  To: MARK MAISEL
From: RICKY MORGAN                    Read: NO
City: BIRMINGHAM, AL               Last On: 01-19-90 (01:29)
Subj: ARTICLE?

Mark,
   Why I outta...


     While entering text you can press <escape> at any time and get a
command prompt that looks something like this:

A)bort, C)ont, D)el, E)dit, I)ns, L)ist, O)rig, Q)uote, S)ave, V)isual
Message Entry Command?

   A)bort, quit the message. The message will not be saved.

   C)ont, takes you back to text entry.

   D)el, A line of text by it's number.

   E)dit, A line of text. Here you will be asked for the line number. It
          will then be displayed and you will be prompted with,

Enter:  (Old;New), (Enter)='No change'

     You should enter the original string then ; then the new string.
This function is really not necessary since in the full screen mode you
can move the cursor to where ever you want it and edit from that point.

   I)ns, Inset a line of text. Again you can do this just as easy with-
         out leaving the full screen editor.

   O)rig, will list the message you are replying to (if it is a reply)
         and then ask if you want to quote from this message.

   Q)uote, also allows for viewing of the original message and will copy
         lines of text you pick, from the original message into your
         message. This helps in keeping the thread of the message alive,
         as well as gives you the ability to pin point the part of the
         message you are replying to.

   S)ave, saves your message and take you back to the command prompt.

   V)isual, refreshes the screen and put you back in the text entry
          area.

     That is pretty much it. I do want to add that you can Zip your mail
(Zipm) and ProDoor will flag it for downloading. You can then download
it, Unzip it, read it and write replies off-line. All you need is a
current version of PKZIP and a text editor (word processor) that will
save text in ASCII format (right margins set for 72 characters). Then
next time you are on-line you can upload your replies to these messages.

     Simply enter the visual editor, then initiate an ASCII upload of
the file name for your reply. The screen will be filled with a
tremendous amount of garbage as ProDoor receives your text. Once the
upload is complete, simply press escape, V) for visual and all the
garbage will be replaced with your reply. This method saves time and
allows for more composed replies. Try it sometime.

     I will end it here for this month as this thing has gotten rather
long. I will attempt to wind it all up next month with all the other
items I haven't covered or only touched on briefly. If anyone has any
questions or a subject you would like to see more on I can be reached
easiest on The Crunchy Frog, Channel 8250 or EZNET.

     If it will make you feel better, I am not a professed 'expert' on
ProDoor. I have been learning as I go along. So don't be intimidated
about trying things. What? It's obvious I don't know what I'm talking
about?

     Why I outta....

ProDoor 3.1 Copyright (C) 1987,1989 Samuel H. Smith.

PCBoard is a registered trademark of Clark Development Company.

WordStar is a registered trademark of MicroPro International Corp.

PKzip is Copyright 1989 by PKWARE Inc.
---
 * Via ProDoor 3.1R

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

What is a BTN party like?
by Bill Freeman

     That's an interesting question. It's like most any other party. I
know what you're thinking - a bunch of computer nerds on one side of the
room, and the techno-geeks on the other.  Well, that is a fair
assessment, but it doesn't contemplate hunch punch and phallic symbols,
pseudo-priests or major havoc, or any of the antics that occur at these
special happenings.

     I mean, after you hear that Friar Tuck woke up in the front yard
and Maisel woke up three days later with a frog that he thought was his
wife (and may have been at one time), I guess you're pretty bummed out
over missing this party, right?

     I usually get there late. I usually don't know when they start, and
if I did, I'd be late as a matter of habit. It doesn't matter if you're
late, because Roland can mix a little diddy that'll catch you up to warp
speed in just a few sips. In fact, from my inside information, I've
heard threats have been made against Roland because he turbo-charged the
punch last time. They said that 90 proof would have been OK, but 190 was
a bit stiff... but that's another article on the intricacies of proper
punch procedure.

     So, who was that four foot masked frog? I dunno, but she giggles at
everything. It's amazing. "How's the weather?", and she giggles. "What
are you drinking there?", and she giggles. You move your lips like
you're speaking, but you really aren't, and she giggles. You laugh too,
and go watch Jet dance.

     I was hoping Jet would play one of his games with us.  We played
one at the picnic and it was a riot. Grown people, trying to tell each
other things by using only body language, can be funny when forced into
compromising situations.

     The question invariably is asked: So, did Bill hug Mark again? The
answer is usually yes. I think Mark likes it. Gives me the sentiment of
two old soldiers, reunited after the war or something. Neither one could
help it that the nerve gas got used on the other. The whole scenario may
change if his silly string works next time.

     Forgive me, Father Rocky, for I have come short of the grace of
COBOL...  Satan was there too. He showed me his keyboard. Several big
keys on it. The biggest one said "DELETE USER".  I appreciated this very
much. It takes a true sado-freak to run a bulletin board.

     If it gets boring, you can sit down and tell them about your
adventure with the exploding phone booth at the dog races, how the jeep
got turned into a big Roman candle, and how the dead dog ate your
transmission: all within 24 hours. Did I leave out the part about
driving to Panama City in gear, without a clutch, and never stopping?

     Everything was just fine until the elastic broke and my nose fell
off.

     Have you ever noticed the snails in your yard always sing out of
tune songs on your window sill after BTN parties? I have.

     So, next time you are invited to a BTN party, don't discount what a
bunch of computer nerds can do on their own.  You might find that you
make a friend or two, and maybe wake up with a few of them...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

ProFile
by Chris Mohney

The Pro File is a short, half-serious biographical sketch given to
various computer telecommunications personalities around Birmingham.
Victims are selected randomly from a group of names put into the
notorious Hat.  Anyone who thinks himself brave or witty enough may
petition for admittance to the Hat by leaving E-Mail to me (Chris
Mohney, most boards around town) to that effect.  Anyone who wishes to
suggest more questions or sneakily nominate someone without their
knowledge may take the same route ....

---------

       Pro File on  KARSTEN PROPPER

---------

Age: 14

Birthplace:  Birmingham, AL

Occupation:  student at Gresham Jr. High

Years Telecomputing:  1 year

My oddest habit is:  Volleying a ping pong ball when it is clearly
                     going to go out.

My greatest unfulfilled ambition is:  to find the one Pink Floyd album
                                      of my dreams

The single accomplishment of which I am most proud is:
     Never liking New Kids on the Block.

My favorite performers are:  Pink Floyd, Scorpions, Aerosmith, Negative
                             Land, Living Color, Traveling Wilburys,
                             Billy Joel, Led Zeppelin, and Loretta Lynn.

The last good movie I saw was:  Glory

The last good book I read was:  Weasel's Luck

If they were making a movie of my life, I'd like to see my part played by:
     J-J-J-J-Jimmy Stewart

My pet peeves are:  psychopaths, Charles Manson followers, rock bands
                    that think they are good but really aren't, and
                    teachers from the 9th plane of hell.

When nobody's looking, I like to:  eat printer ribbon and squeak my ear.                                             

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Insights
by Ron Albright

     With the whole computer world using the term "desktop publishing"
as one of it's catch-phrases for the 1990's, I'd like to propose a new
one: "disktop publishing." Let's start with a definition. "Disktop
Publishing" is the production of books, articles, and other written
materials in a format readable directly from disk. The reader format may
take any form from rudimentary ASCII files that can be read from DOS to
more complex "hypertext" documents that require special reader software.
No printed materials are used but may be produced from the application
if desired. I want to center this discussion on the latter variety and
offer a specific example.

     When I self-published my third computer book, "The Communicating
Computer," in 1988, I was fortunate enough to sell out of the 1500 copy
run in short order. Feeling that all my market had been reached and not
wanting to spend another $2000 or so for a second run, I let the project
drop. Recently, I ran across a software product that has enable me to
revive the publication with little expense. Dubbed "Black Magic"
(NTERGAID, Inc., 2490 Black Rock Turnpike, Suite 337, Fairfield, CT
06430; 203-368-2174; $99.95), the project allows for some sophisticated
hypertext production of materials and its public-domain reader program
allows widespread distribution with no royalties or expenses (other than
disks and mailers). As a result. I am releasing "The Communicating
Computer[EE]" ("Electronic Edition") as a new "publication."

     Hypertext, most famous as implemented on the Mac line of computers
with Hypercard, has been available for the PC in several formats. The
well-known "Guide" software system is useful but expensive. With Black
Magic, price is a minor hindrance to anyone who wants to electronically
publish in hypertext for the PC.

     Hypertext is a hard concept to explain. It's basic premise is that
traditional reading materials - books, articles, etc. - are contrary to
the way people really think. We have to read these publications in a
linear fashion while we think in non-linear form. Linear reading means
we start at the beginning and finish at the end. Non-linear means we
start anywhere we wish, jump around, make connections, and end up
wherever our minds finishes. Hypertext allow just that. Using "links,"
you can read a section of material, click on it with a mouse or
keyboard, and see more material connected to it. We can follow chains of
thought in published materials just as we make logical connection when
we think. All free-form - all self-directed.

     Black Magic allows just such composition of documents. I have take
the text of "The Communicating Computer" and added links to related
materials here and there and, now, the reader can click, bob and move,
and read wherever he wants more information or wants to follow a line of
thought. Hypertext is more like human thinking and makes reading a more
natural process.

     I think this sort of "disktop publishing" is destined to be the
wave of the future. I foresee a day when electronic publishing will
become more common than printed materials. With it, anyone with thoughts
to share can be their own publishing house. Advantages are:

- cost savings (disk copying costs less than a run of books)

- no waste (you can produce disks as they are needed and not be stuck
  with unsold books destined for the pulp factory)

- the ability to produce materials fast (a book takes 6-12 months to
  produce; writing the materials is the least time-consuming aspect)

- a corollary to fast output is fast revision - you can update and
  correct materials without having to rewrite and republish the entire
  tome

- and, of course, the ability to use varied formats - hypertext being
  only one - as the medium.

     Graphics can be added electronically and displayed on screen. Sound
can be linked; even speech can be incorporated. The only real limitation
is the argument is that you cannot "curl up by the fire with a computer
monitor." With the advent of notebook computers, even that falls to the
wayside.

     I can see a day when books will be on disk. Everyone will be a
publisher. Whole books and even series of books will be available for
downloading from electronic publishing houses. You will be billed for
downloading. The authors will get royalties based on electronic sales.
You will get updates quickly and easily. Bookshelves will be replaced by
disk cabinets.

     I am excited and I think, sincerely, you will come across more and
more of this type of publishing in the near future. "Magazines On Disk"
are just a start. They are currently crude, but cute. As hypertext and
more sophisticated methods of presenting materials are developed, we
will see more and more electronic publishing. Anyone with a computer
will be an author - if they chose to be.

     By the way, if you want a copy of "The Communicating Computer[EE],"
look around on your local BBS. It's shareware, $10. If you send me a
disk and a mailer with postage, it can be yours for $7.50. Drop me a
line and let me know what you think - about these comments or the book.
And keep turning those electronic pages!

Ron Albright                         CompuServe 75166,2473
1160 Huffman Road                    GEnie R.ALBRIGHT
Birmingham, AL 35215                 MCI Mail RALBRIGHT

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Book Review
by Gene Ebert

BOOK:  Odyssey, Pepsi to Apple... A journey of adventure, ideas, and
       the future

BY:    John Sculley with John A. Byrne

     John Sculley was the president of the Pepsi-Cola division of
Pepsico, Inc. when, in 1983, he was invited by Steve Jobs of Apple
Computers to become that company's president.  Sculley took over at
Apple, presiding over the still-small company along with Jobs.  In fact,
the two were often referred to as the "Dynamic Duo" because of their
close personal and professional relationship; Sculley once said "Apple
has one leader: Steve and me." Sculley was at Apple during the
development and eventual release of the Macintosh computer (over which
Jobs presided), as well as the phase-out of the Lisa, and the switch in
concentration at Apple from being a company aimed at the
home/educational market to one aimed at the business/educational market.

     In 1985, after a disastrous first quarter (the Macintosh didn't
sell as many units as the company had planned, the inventory of parts
and supplies was overextended, and the announced "Macintosh Office" had
failed to materialize) Sculley and Apple's board of directors decided to
remove Jobs from his position as the head of the Macintosh development
team.  Earlier that year the co-founder of Apple, Steve Wozniak, had
left due to his perception that the Mac was unjustly receiving more
attention than the Apple II, which had practically, according to
Sculley, carried the company through the holes left by the problems with
the Mac.

     Sculley's and the board's perception was that Jobs was unprepared
and ill-suited to run such a large division of a major company (by that
time, the Mac team had swelled to "hundreds of employees"), and that his
youth and inexperience were contributing to the problems with the
company.  After his ouster as head of the development team, although he
remained as Chairman of Apple, Jobs felt that his removal as head of the
division necessitated his departure from the company.  When he left
(despite claiming that the people he was taking with him were
"low-level" employees) Jobs was accompanied by "one of the company's
most important engineering designers,...the marketing manager for [the]
higher education business,...[the] manager of software engineering for
the Mac,... the senior controller for U.S. sales and marketing, ...[and]
an engineering manager with vast Macintosh experience." With the
departure of these important people, many inside Apple wondered how the
company could go on.

     After the removal of Jobs, the company was faced with what some of
its employees saw as a future without the vision and genuine inspiration
with which Apple was started.  Not only that, but the company was in
deep trouble financially: profits had dropped from $46.1 million in the
last quarter of 1984 to a loss of over $17.2 million in the first
quarter of 1985, inventory was swollen with parts and computers which
they were unable to sell, and facilities were overextended.  Sculley
decided that the time had come to put Apple through a complete
reorganization - he closed two of their six manufacturing facilities,
released many employees (1,200 out of 5,800), and redistributed the
managers responsible for different divisions.  Eventually, despite the
worries of the employees and the board, Sculley was able to "turn the
company around" and make it a viable player in the computer industry.

     Although some of the book (specifically, the first three chapters)
is devoted to Sculley's time at Pepsico, most of it is concerned with
his presidency at Apple.  He describes his "culture shock" when he moved
from the rigid, hierarchical structure at Pepsico (which he describes as
a "second-wave" corporation) in Purchase, New York, to the open,
unstructured company that Apple (a "third-wave" corporation) was in
1983, in Silicon Valley, California.  He tells how he came to admire and
believe in the principles inherent in the company's design, and some of
the most interesting reading here is his comparison of corporations such
as Pepsico and those such as Apple.  Sculley believes (not surprisingly)
that the future belongs to companies designed along the lines of Apple,
and that "second-wave" corporations like Pepsico can no longer compete
effectively in the world marketplace.

     The format Sculley chose for his book is also worth mention.
"Odyssey" follows the normal structure of division into chapters, but at
the end of each chapter is a unit of what Sculley calls the "tutorial",
short explanations and expansions of the central idea in each chapter.
These small units have names like "Living Out the Genetic Code" and
"Laying Claim to `Share of Mind'".  At the end of the book Sculley sets
forth his vision of the future not only of American business but also of
computer technology. He foresees a "Navigator" device which will utilize
AI (artificial intelligence) and intuitive communications (the operator
uses no keyboard, but speaks to the device) to learn the operator's
preferences for the presentation of information and to guide him to the
knowledge he seeks.

     Overall, "Odyssey" is quite entertaining, instructive, and
thought-provoking.  The insider's view of Apple Computers and Pepsico
shows how a "second-wave" manager can be transformed into a "third-wave"
one, and in the process rediscover that business can be fun! Not only is
it an important book for anyone who wants to see how companies like
Apple operate, but also for the reader who wants to see the future of
American business.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

MESSAGE BOARD
by Barry Bowden

February        1990          Club Events/Meetings
--------------------          --------------------
 S  M  T  W  T  F  S          3 FAOUG       14 Valentins
             1  2  3          4 BIPUG       19 CCS (Amiga)
 4  5  6  7  8  9 10          10 BAC           Washington's B-Day
11 12 13 14 15 16 17          11 BCCC       20 CADUB
18 19 20 21 22 23 24          12 BACE       25 BCCC
25 26 27 28                   13 CCS (C64)  27 CCS (C64)
                                 Lincoln's  28 Ash Wed
                                 B-Day

BEPCUG                              CCS
Birmingham East PC Users Group      Commodore Club South
Jefferson Sate Jr. College          Springville Road Library
Ruby Carson Hall, Rm 114            2nd & 4th Tuesday (C64/C128)
3rd Friday, 7-9 PM                  3rd Monday (Amiga)
Paula Ballard 251-6058 (after 5PM)  7:30-10 PM
                                    Maurice Lovelady 684-6843

BCCC                                BIPUG
Birmingham Commodore Computer Club  Birmingham IBM-PC Users Group
POB 59564                           UAB Nutrition Science Blg
Birmingham, Al 35259                RM 535/541
UAB School of Education, Rm 153     1st Sunday (delayed one week
2nd and 4th Sundays, 2 PM              if meeting is a holiday)
Rusty Hargett 854-5172              Marty Schulman 967-5883

BACE                                FAOUG
Birmingham Atari Computer           First Alabama Osborne Users
Enthusiast                          Group
Vestavia Library, downstairs        Homewood Library
2nd Monday, 7 PM                    1st Saturday, 1PM
Benny Brown 822-5059                Ed Purquez 669-5200

CADUB                               BAC
CAD Users of Birmingham             Birmingham Apple Corps
Homewood Library                    Graphic Zone
3rd Tuesday, 6:30PM-8:30PM          10 Office Park
Bobby Benson 791-0426               Mountain Brook
                                    2nd Saturday, 10:30 AM
                                    Informal get together every
                                       Saturday, Kopper Kettle,
                                       Brookwood Village at 9 AM
                                    J. Jenkins 823-1968

If you belong to or know of a user group that is not listed, please let
me know by sending E-Mail to me on The Matrix. Please leave the group
name and a contact person/phone number.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Known BBS Numbers For The Birmingham Area

NAME                       NUMBER     BAUD RATES SUPPORTED   MODEM TYPE

*American BBS              674-1851   300, 1200, 2400
*Bus System BBS            595-1627   300, 1200, 2400
*Byte Me                   979-2983        1200, 2400
Cat House                  854-5907   300, 1200, 2400
*Channel 8250              744-8546   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
*Crunchy Frog              956-1755   300, 1200, 2400
D3 Systems BBS             663-2759   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
+Duck Pond BBS             822-0956   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
Eazy's Playhouse           870-0434   300, 1200, 2400
Elite Fleet                853-1257   300, 1200, 2400
+I.S.A. BBS                995-6590   300, 1200, 2400
*Joker's Castle            744-6120   300, 1200, 2400
*Little Kingdom            823-9175   300, 1200, 2400
LZ Birmingham              870-7770   300, 1200, 2400
*Magnolia BBS              854-6407   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
Role Player's Paradise     631-7654   300, 1200, 2400
Shadetree BBS              787-6723   300, 1200, 2400
Sperry BBS                 853-6144   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  Hayes
*ST BBS                    836-9311   300, 1200, 2400
Teletech BBS               674-0852   300, 1200, 2400
The Commodore Zone         856-3783   300, 1200, 2400
The Connection Node 1      854-9074        1200, 2400
The Connection Node 2      854-2308        1200, 2400
The Islands BBS            870-7776   300, 1200, 2400
The Matrix Nodes 1-4       323-2016   300, 1200, 2400
The Matrix Node 5          251-2344   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
*The Professional's Board  856-0679   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's DYM Node 1        979-1629   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's DYM Node 2        979-7739   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's RBBS              979-7743   300, 1200, 2400
Ziggy Unaxess              991-5696   300, 1200

Boards with a "*" before their name are members of our local network,
EzNet, and public messages left in the EzNet Conferences of any of these
boards will be echoed to all members.

Boards with a "+" before their name are members of FidoNet, an
international network that provides a variety of public forums as well
as private mail services all over the world.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

EzNet Multiple Echo List

     EzNet now supports multiple conference echoing but there are a few
things you should be aware of regarding private mail.

  A. You have one 'address' for private mail.  If you are registered for
     private mail on Channel 8250 and someone sends you a private
     message in the Writers conference from Crunchy Frog it will wind
     up in the Writers conference on Channel 8250 as it should.

     However, if you were registered for private mail on Magnolia and
     someone sends you a private message in a conference that Magnolia
     does not support (echo) then the message will wind up in the
     twilight zone.

  B. If you go by a handle on one BBS and your real name on another even
     if the private message goes where it is supposed to, you will not
     be able to read it because it is addressed to someone else as far
     as PC Board is concerned.  PC Board has no way of knowing that Red
     Foxx and John Doe are the same person. No tickee, no washee.

     Advice on sending private mail: If you don't know if the person you
are sending private mail to is registered for private mail then keep a
copy of the message in case you have to find an alternate route. EzNet
Central will delete your private, undelivered message and inform you
that the user you attempted to reach is not registered for private mail
on any EzNet Node.

     This is a list of the current echoes that I am aware of.  More are
in the making and will be posted in future issues.  If you are a sysop
and are running an echo not listed for your board, please make us aware
of it so we may correct it next issue.


                    Eznet  Program   IBM    Adult  Scitech  BTNWA

American BBS ........ * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..
Bus System BBS ...... * ..... * ..... * .....   ..... * ..... * ..
Byte Me ............. * ..... * ..... * ..... * .....   .....   ..
Channel 8250 ........ * ..... * ..... * .....   ..... * .....   ..
Crunchy Frog ........ * .....   ..... * ..... * .....   ..... * ..
Joker's Castle ...... * .....   .....   ..... * .....   .....   ..
Little Kingdom ...... * ..... * ..... * ..... * ..... * .....   ..
Magnolia BBS ........ * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..
Professional's Board  * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..
ST BBS .............. * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..

