
BTN:  Birmingham Telecommunications News

COPYRIGHT 1993           ISSN 1055-4548

April 1993    Volume 6, Issue 4
              Edition 1

Table Of Contents
-----------------
Article Title                                  Author
Policy Statement and Disclaimer................Staff
From The Editor................................Scott Hollifield
Letters to the Editor..........................BTN Readers
Plagiarism 101.................................Mark Maisel
The Matrix Comes To The Rescue!................Rocky Rawlins
Our Wonderful State, Part II...................Lurch Henson
Ashes To Ashes.................................Gwendolyn Norton
InfoMarket Express.............................Edward Brzezowski
RoboBBS: An Introduction.......................Jeff Vaughn
American Tyranny...............................Damion Furi
The CCITT 28.8 KBPS Standard: Some Background..U.S. Robotics
Local Music In April...........................Judy Ranelli
Macintosh BBSs in Birmingham...................Gregory Jackson
Review: Colorado Jumbo 250mb Trakker...........David Moss
Known BBS Numbers..............................Staff

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer and Statement of Policy for BTN

We at BTN try our best to assure the accuracy of articles and
information in our publication.  We assume no responsibility for damage
due to errors, omissions, etc.  The liability, if any for BTN, its
editors and writers, for damages relating to any errors or omissions,
etc., shall be limited to the cost of a one year subscription to BTN,
even if BTN, its editors or writers have been advised of the likelihood
of such damages occurring.

With the conclusion of that nasty business, we can get on with our
policy for publication and reproduction of BTN articles.  We publish
monthly with a deadline of the fifteenth of the month prior to
publication.  If you wish to submit an article, you may do so at any
time but bear in mind the deadline if you wish for your work to appear
in a particular issue.  It is not our purpose to slander or otherwise
harm a person or reputation and we accept no responsibility for the
content of the articles prepared by our writers.  Our writers own their
work and it is protected by copyright.  We allow reprinting of articles
from BTN with only a few restrictions.  The author may object to a
reprint, in which case he will specify in the content of his article.
Otherwise, please feel free to reproduce any article from BTN as long as
the source, BTN, is specified, and as long as the author's name and the
article's original title are retained.  If you use one of our articles,
please forward a copy of your publication to:

Mark Maisel
Publisher, BTN
606 Twin Branch Terrace
BHAM, AL 35216
(205) 823-3956

We thank you for taking the time to read our offering and we hope that
you like it.  We also reserve the right to have a good time while doing
all of this and not get too serious about it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

         F R E E B I E :  G E T  I T  W H I L E  I T S  H O T !


The following boards allow BTN to be downloaded freely, that is with no
charge to any existing upload/download ratios.

ADAnet One              Alter-Ego               Bone Yard
Bus System              The Castle              Channel 8250
C.A.B.                  Crunchy Frog            DC Info Exchange
Final Frontier          Gateway BBS             Hardware Hotline
Homewood's Hell Hole    Joker's Castle          Lemon Grove
Martyrdom Again?!       The MATRIX              Milliways BBS
Night Watch             The Outer Limits        Owlabama BBS
Owl's Nest              Playground              Safe Harbor
Southern Stallion       Starbase 12             Teasers BBS
T.G.U.E. BBS            Thy Master's Dungeon    Weekends BBS


(Please note that this list includes some systems which are not local to
Birmingham and therefore not included on our BBS Numbers list.)

If you are a sysop and you allow BTN to be downloaded freely, please let
me know via The Matrix or Crunchy Frog so that I can post your board as
a free BTN distributor.  Thanks.  SH


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           N E W S  F L A S H


                     ANNOUNCING BY POPULAR DEMAND!!

                            THE ***RETURN***
                                OF  THE
                 ---===***>>>  BTN PARTY  <<<***===---
                                !!!!!!!

                             Date:  5/1/93

                            Time:  6:00 p.m.

                Place:  Home of Mark and Kathy Maisel
                        606 Twin Branch Terrace, Vestavia

                            What:  BTN Party

If you need further directions, please call (205)-823-3956.  If you
reach the answering service, do leave a message.  Your call will be
returned, provided you leave a valid phone number in the message.

We will probably have some snack foods on hand and soft drinks. If you
have a preference as to food, then be sure to bring it. If you are of
legal age, you will be expected to bring your own alcoholic beverage.
If you are not, then don't bring any as you will be asked to leave.  Do
not bring any illegal substances or items or you will also be asked to
leave.  The Vestavia Police are not known to be as forgiving as have
been the Birmingham Police.

A primitive map follows.

MM, Pub

The easiest route is to get on Columbiana Road via either US HWY 31 or I-65N
exit to Vestavia/Hoover.  Proceed up Columbiana to Tyler Road.  Take Tyler
Road to Twin Branch Drive.  Take the left fork to Twin Branch Terrace.  Our
House is the next to last on the right side of the street.  The "X"'s mark
the location.  The asterisks refer to traffic lights.  The first is at the
I-65N exit and goes directly onto Columbiana.  The second is Columbiana³    ³
and Tyler.  The third is Hackberry/Southland and Tyler.                ³ US ³
                                                                       ³ HWY³
This map is not drawn to scale!                                        ³ 31 ³
                                     ¿                   ¿Columbiana   ³    ³
                            HackberryÀ¿    \         \   À¿Road        ³    ³
                            Lane      À¿     \  I-65   \  À¿           ³    ³
                                       À¿      \         \ À¿          ³    ³
__________Tyler Road____________________*3_______\_________\*2         ³    ³
     ³               ³      ³            ³         \         ¿\        ³    ³
     ³Twin Branch    ³Donna ³Paden       À¿          \       À¿   \    ³    ³
     ³Drive          ³Drive ³Drive        À¿Southland   \     À¿    \  ³    ³
     ³               ³      ³              À¿Drive        \    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ\ *1 ³
     ³                                      ÀÄÄÄÄÄ¿          \            \ ³
     ³                                            ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ\ÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿    \
  ÚÄÄÁ¿                                                             \  ³    ³ \
 ÚÙ   ³Twin Branch                                                    \³\   ³
ÚÙXXX ³Terrace                                                         ³   \³
³ XXX ³                                                                ³    ³
Á_____Á__________________Swiss Lane_____                               ³    ³






          BTN NEEDS SIG ED!  COULD BE BOFFO HUZZAHS FOR WHIZ PEN!
                In other words, we need someone to write
        our monthly Computer Related Special Interest Groups column.
           This is the same feature which Barry Bowden has been
                contributing, or, as it turns out, not been
                   contributing, for quite a while now.
        Seriously, Barry is no longer able to keep the SIG schedule
           up-to-date, and if anyone wants to step in his shoes,
            please leave me mail on the Matrix or Crunchy Frog.




-----------------------------------------------------------------------

From the Editor
by Scott Hollifield


    Well, to hell with this business of coming up with something new to
write about every month.  There's plenty of other stuff in this month's
BTN to occupy your attention, so I'm taking a holiday from the column
this month, sort of, except to say that next month is BTN'S FIFTH
ANNIVERSARY and we'd really appreciate any kind of special input or
contribution anyone has to offer.

    I suppose I will make mention of the unusually copious heap of
articles we have -- this is more like it!  (Although *more* wouldn't be
bad.)  Lurch continues his tribute to the state of his birth (I assume)
from where he left off two months ago.  Gregory Jackson, a first-time
BTNer, turns in an interesting introduction to Birmingham's three new
Macintosh boards (even if two of them don't answer).  We'd like to give
a special welcome to Gwendolyn Norton, whose messages on the Crunchy
Frog generally have the effect of making people stop, blink and wonder
if they've walked into the wrong room -- our ultimate goal here at BTN
is to eventually make the whole city feel that way; hence, Gwendolyn's
debut as a BTN contributor.  We've got a grand total of three technical
pieces this time around, including Jeff Vaughn's long-awaited answer to
the question, "What's so great about Robo BBS anyway?"  Local muse Judy
Ranelli is back to tell you which local bands you're going to see this
month, without ever wondering why.  And last but never least, Damion
Furi is pleased to present, for our listening pleasure, a little
something we like to call... "American Tyranny".  (Oh... sorry, thought
I was introducing a Sinatra tune for a second there.)

    Something I should also say is, contrary to what I said last month,
James Minton's takeover of our monthly BBS List will have to be put on
hold for another month it seems.  James has been really busy this month
so I graciously compiled the List myself this month.

    I suppose that's all there is to say.  Remember, submitting an
article to BTN is about the easiest thing in the world - and, we're
proud to announce, is covered under the new Clinton health-care package,
so it's free as well - just upload your private submission to either The
Matrix or Crunchy Frog, and let me and/or the sysop know about it in a
private message.  That's all there is to it!

    Next month, I hope to have BTN on the shelves a little early so that
my staff and I can unwind at the Maisels' party (take a peek at this
month's Newsflash for details).  See you on May 1st!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Letters to the Editor


No letters this time around, people.  Get those meaningful missives in!
Leave 'em to me on The Matrix or Crunchy Frog, or through Internet at
scott.hollifield@the-matrix.com.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Plagarism 101
by Mark Maisel

     This piece doesn't have much to do with plagarism but I figure it
will catch your attention and I do intend to indulge in a bit before I'm
through.  Scott has done an excellent job with BTN despite all manner of
typical problems including Scott's notorious habits.  I like it and hope
he is inclined to continue for the foreseeable future.

     This issue is filled with all kinds of good stuff as is regular for
BTN.  In order for it to stay that way, YOU need to make sure to enlist
today and make your contributions on a regular basis.  If you are
already among the elite BTN troop, then hop to it and make sure your
editor can count on you.

     Ultimately, it is you that make BTN what it is.  I like it and I
hear from most of you that you do too.  Lets do what we can to make sure
it remains that way.  Ask not what your BTN can do for you, but you can
do for your BTN!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                    THE MATRIX COMES TO THE RESCUE!

         A Special Announcement by Rocky Rawlins and the Matrix

    The MATRIX has just arranged to acquire F/X BBS.  We intend to
honor all F/X BBS Subscriptions and will be contacting all F/X
Subscribers as soon as we have the information available.  If you were
an F/X Subscriber and are currently a MATRIX Subscriber we will credit
your account with the difference once we figure out the appriate way to
convert them.

    We will also be adding the File Libraries from F/X that don't
duplicate our existing libraries.

    We know there are some bad feelings about the unexpected demise of
F/X which was due to factors beyond the Sysop's control and we hope that
this will at least partially compensate all F/X Subscribers for their
loss.  We know that there is no way that we can replace F/X and the
unique personality which Ken gave it but we will do the best we can.

    We will post further news of our progress in the NEWS screen as we
make more headway.

    If anyone has a Colorado 250 or QWK-80 compatible tape drive we
could borrow for a few days to read the tapes, we would be very
grateful.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                       Our Wonderful State Pt. ][

                                   or

                             MORE Stupidity

                                   by

                              Lurch Henson



    I hate it when this happens...  Yeah, I'm still pissed, but this
time it's not "from on high", this time it's the little officials that
love to stick thier administrative noses into everyone else's pies...
I've been living by myself for a month or so, kinda nice, and not
bothering to wear all that much while doing it...  Not much point, in
my opinion...  Well, I'm not the only one that thinks that way.  I know
quite a few people that strip down when they come in from work, just
feel better in skin.  No one really cares all that much, either, MOST of
the time.

   It's that MOST that kills you....  I know a woman that has a three
year old girl.  Some changes HAVE to happen when you have children,
sure, but that DOESN'T mean that you have to let piddly little
government officials mess with your life.  You see, she just happens to
live in government subsidized housing.  She's going to have to move
soon, because the combined salaries of her and her husband makes their
rent higher than if they lived elsewhere, but until they do that, they
have to put up with idiots that think their positions make them God.
She's always living in fear of "Child Services".  She enjoys "going
natural", but of course can't anymore.  Doesn't matter that I know a few
nudist families, and that the children aren't harmed in the slightest by
being raised that way.  Doesn't matter that the children in such
families usually have FEWER, not more, hangups about all sorts of
things, the least of which is a healthy attitude towards their, and
other's, bodies.  None of that matters in the least, because if CS
dropped in on them JUST ONCE, and found them wearing less than they
though was appropriate, bye-bye baby....

   Problem is, it's not just things like that that alot of people would
say "Well, SURE, if they're being INDECENT!" (don't get me started on
that one.....), it's also stupid little things like the normal
activities of 3 year olds.  She recently heard from the police, because
a neighbor called them about her kid shouting.  Now she's just waiting to
hear from CS, so she can explain that ALL 3 year olds love to talk and
shout all the time.  The ones I've known have.  They've learned how to
talk, and take great pleasure in showing you they can do it at great
volume.  Silly little things like that.  Things that no one who's ever
been around children would think twice about, but that these petty
officials that think they are the guardians of society, and have
ultimate power over the lives of all the people in their districts, take
as reason enough to shuffle children around to people often much worse
than their parents could be.  I know of quite a few parents, single and
families, that have either lost, or been threatened with the loss, of
their children, simply because some "official" thought they knew better
than the parents what was good for their children.

   Don't get me entirely wrong, some people should NOT have children,
and I am WELL aware that sometimes it can be a hard call as to whether
or not a situation deserves relocating them, but that just means you
study the situation more, NOT that you jerk the kids out of their home
until you find out you've made a mistake, then NOT give them back
because you have to find a way to cover it up!  I think a goodly number
of these idiots need to be transfered to sanitation, and some people
with children of their own, and a conscience, put in their places.
Think about the power they have, and think about what could happen if
someone decided to make a crank call to them, complaining about YOU and
YOUR mistreatment of your children.  All such complaints MUST be checked
out, you know....  How would you like the police coming to see if YOU
are a good parent or not?

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                             Ashes To Ashes

                                   by
                            Gwendolyn Norton


     As I sat in the relatively uncleansed hallway, my attention was
completely captured as one of the world's most persecuted heroes drifted
past.  The most underrated and abused do©gooder to human societies
paused as my gaze rested heavily upon it.  It paused, beckoning me
closer, asking me to speak in its name, to show others of its sufferings
and its achievements, and I, dumbfounded, agreed.  It was a tall task I
had agreed to, indeed, for few people have the patience or the wits to
listen to an explanation of the merits of the dustball.

    Although its first merit is a bit superficial, it does deserve
recognition.  Dustballs are truly universal things.  No matter what
country you are in, you can always find a dustball.  It is this
universiality that has allowed it to become essential to the pride of
the housekeepers of the "civilized" societies.  While not every
household can afford fancy furniture or carpets, anyone can shoo away
dustballs.  Sans dustball, there would hardly be a standard of household
cleanliness.

    Their second merit, is by far their worthiest.  This is the
invaluable role that they play in our economy.  The dustball has created
an entire market to meet the standards of household cleanliness that it
has already taken measures to set.  There are countless sprays and
cleaners dedicated to destroying our dusty friends.  These countless
sprays and cleaners are made in countless factories which employ an even
more countless number of workers.  Then there are the maids who are
employed by high society to use these products for them.  And then, as
the final link in the chain, these maids eventually die and become
dustballs themselves.

    Based upon these two merits alone (although there are many many
others, such as the roles that they play in crime labs) how can anyone
fail to see the significance that they play in our lives?  How can we
continue to treat such heros as second class citizens?  I, for one, will
be harboring as many of the dusty darlings as possible and shall l grant
them asylum from the rest of the cruel disinfectant crazed world.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

This service was brought to my attention by its provider, Edward
Brzezowski.  I thought it was interesting and would seem so to you.  I'd
like to see your opinions in letters to either Scott or myself.  I'd
like to apologize for being a month late in presenting this but events
conspired against me.  MM, Pub.

******************* ATTENTION COMPUTER USERS ***********************

InfoMarket Express: Where information is bought and sold online.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
             "Making virtual publishing a reality"

     Anyone can call InfoMarket Express (no subscription or registration
fees or hourly connect charges) and upload a file for sale.  There is no
upload or storage charge for people wishing to sell files on the system.
Sellers (providers) make money every time their file is sold -- 50% of
the price they place on the item.  Buyers can select files on InfoMarket
Express, purchase them via credit card, and receive their purchases
immediately upon credit card authorization (approx. 1 min.).  Files for
sale can be virtually anything that can be sold in an electronic format,
including original articles, reports, newsletters, books, software, etc.

     Our system is available to all users without a startup fee, doesn't
require special access software, provides 14.4k v.32bis modem
connections and can be accessed by IBM PCs and MACs. Set your
telecommunications software for VT-100, ANSI emulation for best results.

     InfoMarket Express is in its final beta testing stage.  You may
wish to give it a try and consider using this type of system to
distribute any material you feel may be of value to others.  The
InfoMarket data line is (908) 879-7209, 14.4k v.32bis.  We need your
help to "stock the shelves" and look forward to your call!

     Important note: 908 is not a 900#, but a new area code in New
Jersey.

InfoMarket, Inc.
P.O. Box 815
Chester, NJ 07930
01/16/93 ehb

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

 RoBo BBS Introduction
 Written By : Jeff Vaughn


    RoBoBBS is a new BBS out on the market.  It was designed by Seth
Hamilton and released Jan. 20, 1993.  RoBo BBS is essentially a EGA/VGA
only, full-time graphics package with animation capability.

    First thing i know most people would say, "Graphics with modeming
don't mix. Too Slow".  That's what i thought at first.  I originally
heard about RoBo BBS from a friend.  He had no idea where to find the
BBS, but knew it was something unusual.  I was calling long-distance one
night, looking for some new doors for TGUE and just happened to come up
on the description i heard.  I had told my Remote Sysop about it earlier
that night.  He noticed it first, then I picked up on it.

    So we downloaded RoBoTerm.  The BBS gives you the option when you
log in.  It was a 'free' download, something we just couldn't turn down.
After downloading it, we called back and got the BBS package, roughly
650k.

    The BBS took maybe 5 minutes to set up.  Well, this was because we'd
put together at least a dozen other BBS in the past and it kinda runs
along the same lines after you've done it that many times.  After
setting up the BNU fossil driver, the BBS worked like a charm.

    RoBo uses the old-style files format.  A "FILES.BBS" will be located
in every directory.  I believe Remote Access does the same, but don't
quote me on that.  RoBo also uses a "Hudson" style message base for it's
messaging.  A file called ROBOCFG.EXE handles all the configuration.
It's all set up in one big bundle, no loose files to fool with.

    I mentioned before about some people's problem with the BBS' speed.
Seth Hamilton took care of that problem.  Upon your first time you call
the BBS, yes, it will be a little slow.  You will notice the terminal
program displaying the words "DOWNLOADING" & "DECOMPRESSING".  This is
the good part.  The terminal program downloads all the BBS' icons on the
first run (that is, if you go through the BBS entirely and see all it's
functions).  The rest of your calls, the terminal recieves the signals
and displays the appropriate icons for each area.  A simple, unique, and
fast way of doing things.  Don't worry, the icons are decently small and
RoBoTerm can cross-reference one BBS' icons with another's.

    For you who consider yourself "creative", this is the BBS for you.
RoBo BBS comes with RoBoDraw, the BBS' graphic screen creation package.
RoBoDraw has a built-in animation feature, so you can do your worst and
look your best at it.  No more ANSI limitations, grab a mouse and go.
RoBoDraw has 16 colors and 6 fonts to choose from.  There are
practically no limits to what you can do with the package. Pictures can
even be limited to security levels.  The selection is right on the
drawing screen.  There are 2 modes to work with, edit and draw.  You can
tell RoBoDraw to clear the screen before it displays the picture also.
A Sysop can design menus like MAIN, BULLETIN, DOORS, or anything he/she
can dream up.

    One of the nicest things about RoBo BBS is the fact that you can
'import' icons from Windows (ah yes!).  There is a small software
package that will allow you to 'pluck' icons off Windows and use the for
RoBo BBS.  There is also a package called RIM300.ZIP that allows you to
put scattered icons all together in you own personal package.
RoBoConfig also comes with an icon editor feature.  If you don't like
Windows' icons, design your own.  RoBo is very versitile.

    When you get to talking about on-line doors, RoBo BBS has it
convered.  RoBo BBS uses Remote Access' DORINFO#.DEF style for doors.
Of course, anyone with access to DoorFix (a package that can be found on
The Matrix) can remedy ANY interface problems with doors made to fit
other BBS packages.  RoBo BBS drops out of it's EGA/VGA mode to run
doors.  It has to, most doors are ASCII/ANSI right now.  The author is
talking about writing an interface in a future version to convert ANSI
to EGA/VGA mode.  This i hope to see soon.

    For nighlty events, RoBo BBS has 4 built-it, which are in the
RoBoConfig program, of course.  Each have a time (24 hour mode) and can
be set to "-1" to disable them.  EVENT1-4.BAT are the batch files used
for nightly events.

    I know a Sysop's main concern is security of his/her system and
its files.  RoBo BBS has that covered.  Since everything is graphic,
only a Sysop can do "Sysop" functions.  As Seth puts it, "it's
bullet-proof security".  I am a little skeptical about that phrase, but
i'll take his word on it.

    As for virus problems, RoBo BBS comes with a batch file called
SCANFILE.BAT which un-archives a file, scans it, and re-archives it.
The nice thing is, ScanFile will convert ANY archive type file into the
set type you have specified into RoBo BBS.  Say you want all your files
to be ".ARJ", just modify the SCANFILE.BAT to do so.  It will, with ease.
There is also an independant ScanFile called RoBoScan.  RoBoScan will do
really joe cool things like inset your BBS ad, remove someone else' BBS
ad, and removes all the worry of working a batch every time you want to
change something.  RoBoScan replaces the old SCANFILE.BAT with it's own.

    In my own opion, some of RoBo BBS' way of doing things are a little
old, but then again, so are most BBS packages on their first version.  I
am currently speaking to Seth Hamilton about some of the ways he could
'upgrade' the package.  But have no delusions, the software is VERY
functional for today's Syops needs.

    As a last note, any Sysop needing help or support with RoBo BBS may
contact me.  Before it went down, TGUE, my own Robo BBS, was the Alabama
hub of RoBoLink, a echo specifically for RoBo boards.  It originates in
Ontario.  Anyone interested in joining up, feel free to contact me.  I
can be reached on most PCBoard BBSs in town.  I'm a regular on the
Matrix, so you may even catch me there, online.  Oh yeah, i almost
forgot, I am the moderator of conference #94 on The Matrix, the "RoBo"
conference.  You can direct all your questions there if you like.  I
also moderate confernce #104, the BBS ads conference on The Matrix.

    So, have fun folks. I hope you enjoy it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

American Tyranny
by Damion Furi



    NOTE: Before I go any further, please pay close attention to this
article.  It isn't my usual off-the-wall article.  I have researched
this subject in some depth and have come to the conclusions you're
about to read only after reading about some of the most cold-blooded
behind-the-scenes shenanigans that it has ever been my displeasure to
endure.


                            ----------------
                              NOITUTITSNOC
                            ----------------


    You're probably curious as to why I've spelled "CONSTITUTION"
backwards.  I did it to get your attention, and to make a point; the
point being that backwards is how our precious Constitution is being
"enforced." And I use the term "enforced" very loosely, indeed.

    First, let's set the stage.  The United States of America has been
officially operating under a declared national emergency since 1933.
This emergency has never been cancelled, retracted or denied, and in
fact has been declared twice again since then, once in 1950 and again in
1971. Roosevelt, Truman, and Nixon, respectively, are responsible for
these declarations.

    More then 200 statutes are currently in effect because of this
"emergency." However, since we've been living with these statutes for 60
years, few people regard them as "emergency measures" anymore.

    On October 28, 1969 (two days before my 2nd birthday, in fact),
President Nixon signed Executive Order 11490, titled "Assigning
Emergency Preparedness Functions to Federal Departments and Agencies."

    Briefly, Executive Order 11490 authorizes plans and assigns
responsibilities for complete takeover by the U.S. Federal Government of
every facet of life in the United States.  In short, it is American
dictatorship staring at us straight down the so-called "judgement" of
our highest political leader, the President.



    You don't believe me?  You had better, if you value what freedoms
you have remaining to you in this country.  But don't take my word it.
Go to the library's government documents branch, across the street from
the main branch.  Ask for the Federal Register, Executive Order 11490.
I would give it all here, but I don't care to type that much and Scott
probably wouldn't publish it anyway (it would make a sizeable text file
all by itself).  [Ed.: Maybe in a slow month.]

    How could an Executive Order be so all-encompassing, you ask?  A
reasonable question.  This was my first thought, also.  Technically, the
Executive Branch is not Constitutionally authorized to exercise
legislative powers.

    But I found out that not only can the President issue whatever
executive order he chooses, but neither Congress nor the Supreme Court
has ever defined the parameters of an executive order.  Further, the
only Executive Order that has ever been successfully challenged, as near
as I could tell, was in 1952.  President Truman attempted to nationalize
the steel industry with an executive order, which was struck down by the
Supreme Court.

    But in 1959, Chief Justice Warren declared that the Court did not
"...decide whether the President has inherent authority to create such a
program, whether congressional action is necessary, or what limits on
executive or legislative authority may be..." This decision is in
reference to Greene v. McElroy 360 U.S. 474, 508; the question dealt
with action taken under Executive Orders about the safeguarding of
official information.

    Please keep in mind that Executive Orders have the force of law.



    Those of you that are aware of my prediction of a full-scale
revolution to happen within 50 years have been aware that I haven't
been happy with the direction the U.S. has been taking within the last
50+ years. Those of you that are aware of my strenuous objections to
President Clinton's election are aware that I amended my prediction to
30 years within days of his inauguration.

    In light of this new (to me) information, I am amending my
prediction yet again.  This time, I say that all bets are off.  That our
society is diseased is self-evident.  That our strength is largely
illusory somewhat less so, but still evident.  That public confidence in
our officials, police, judiciary, and military are at an all-time low is
also self-evident.  I don't feel any need to make my case; none of us
are feeling very secure right now, and damned few of us have ever felt
secure in the "good intentions" and motives of organizations larger and
more powerful than the individual.

    A revolution could begin any minute.  For what I know to the
contrary, one or more revolutionary organizations may already have been
launched. Executive Order 11490 could be invoked at any minute.  After
all, 11490 provides no definition of "national emergency" (NONE!), nor
is one necessary; we have been living under a declared and uncontested
state of emergency for the last 60 years.

    We have unknowingly been living under the threat of totalitarion
rule for the past 23 years.  I find this threat to be unconscionable,
unconstitutional, and absolutely unforgiveable.

    Do what you will, but I don't intend to be within 100 miles of U.S
borders when the hammer comes down.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                 THE CCITT 28.8 KBPS STANDARD: SOME BACKGROUND
                 ---------------------------------------------

    The standard for 28.8 Kbps dial-up communications being developed
by the CCITT will stretch the limits of dial-up telephone lines.  But
don't expect to be sending files at top speeds immediately.

    Dale Walsh, vice president for advanced development at U.S.
Robotics, Inc., cautions that most users won't be able to achieve the
maximum speeds permitted under the standard right away. When the
standard is adopted, modems that conform should be able to transmit at
19.2 Kbps on lines where a modem conforming to V.32bis (the current
high-speed standard) can now transmit at 14.4 Kbs.  But Walsh, a member
of the CCITT committee developing the standard, says it is being
formulated with the increasing digitization of dial-up phone networks in
mind.

    The improved quality of phone lines, as much as any modem technology
improvements, has made high speed dial-up communications possible" says
Walsh. "We are designing the standard keeping in mind that phone
networks will use more and more digital circuits and digital central
office switches."

    Consequently, speeds in the neighborhood of 28.8 Kbps will be the
exception, rather than the rule--at least until the public switched
telephone network becomes completely digital.

    "I'd say when it's finished in a year or so, the standard will allow
19.2 Kbps transmissions on 80 percent of all lines, 24 Kbps on 50
percent of all lines, and 28.8 Kbps communications on 20 percent of all
lines," says Walsh, who also helped develop the CCITT V.32bis standard
for 14.4 Kbps dial-up communications.  "As the phone networks improve,
top speeds will be more easily achieved, so I think it's more realistic
to think of it as a 19.2 Kbps standard that is sometimes capable of
higher speeds.

    A common misconception is that the coming 28.8 Kbps standard will
allow speeds of 115.2 Kbps, when combined with V.42bis data compression.
Walsh noted that such calculations are based on an assumption that
V.42bis allows 4 to 1 data compression.  Outside the lab, V.42bis allows
compression ratios between 2 to 1 and 3 to 1, meaning that under REAL
LIFE conditions, the forthcoming standard will allow maximum throughput
of about 86.4 Kbps.

    "It's a mistake to use the 28.8 number and max everything out from
that," said Walsh.

    Not that the 28.8 Kbps standard doesn't have its advantages.  After
all, 19.2 Kbps is an improvement over 14.4 Kbps.  And the forthcoming
standard will adjust for line conditions, a critical factor in
high-speed data communications--like no previous standard.  The standard
under development will include a "probing" function that the modem can
use to "sound out" the quality of the phone line.  That will allow the
modem to optimize transmissions to take advantage of available
bandwidth.

    "We are still working on the training sequences," says Walsh.  "But
before transmission starts, the standard will enable the modem to
determine what band- width is available and how to best position the
signal to match available band- width."

    The standard achieves higher speeds through its ability to use more
of a line's bandwidth, not just the center portion of the channel used
under current standards.

    "It will more closely match the modulation scheme to what's
available," says Walsh.  "That way, the modem can shape the
transmissions to adapt precisely to the channel, which is very important
if you want to transmit at high speeds.

    The most recent committee meeting was held last month.  Still to be
agreed upon are such critical issues as training sequences, coding
schemes, and signaling rates.  Walsh said he expects the committee to
reach final agreement in 1993, with official CCITT adoption likely in
1994.

    While some have taken to calling the standard under development
V.Last, Walsh isn't convinced this will be the final modem standard.
After all, he notes, no one thought dial-up phone lines would ever be
this noise-free, and further advances in that area could make even
higher speed dial-up communication possible.

    "I'm certain we'll have at least a fax version of this standard as
the quality of phone lines keep improving," he said.  "We're trying to
be sure that this standard will serve users into the year 2000.  But
modem standards are like wars: you always think it's going to be the
last one."

    U. S. ROBOTICS, INC, (NASDAQ:USRX) (800)DIAL-USR voice for more
information.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Local Music In April
by Judy Ranelli

Sun. 4
    LIFE, SEX AND DEATH at The Nick
    Henry Rollins never scared me.  G.G. Allen is too comical and
melodramatic.  Both of them wish they had the effect of Stanley, singer
for LSD.  HE stinks like a well-ripened bum.  He consistently fouls the
women's room of the Nick with different body excretions (yes, that too).
He is backed by a girlish metal act replete with pointy guitars and long
blond hair.  Yet he manages to drag all viewers into his own sewer.  I
recommend this show unhesitatingly for the open-minded and
self-confident.

Wed. 7
    PINKY THE STABBER at Louie Louie
    Chris Hendrix, bassist for PtS, is wearing a knee brace at press
time from dancing at the Alice Donut show three weeks ago.  Attend and
earn your own.

Fri. 9
    SUGAR LA LA'S at the Rock'n Horse
    Either Rock'n Horse or Rockingham Palace has closed.  I think it's
the latter... so here's the Sugar La Las to make you question your
sexuality and giggle nervously.

Sat. 10
    "Six Pack" (A MET Z, GRISTLE TWINS, four other bands) at The Nick
    Yes, I like the Gristle Twins after having finally seen them.  A
Met Z is of course always entertaining.  Last month's six-band
extravaganza had an audience comprised of the memebers of each band
waiting their turn to play.  Oh well.

Mon. 12 SPACE CAMP at The Oasis
    I KEEP TELLING YOU!  But you just won't listen, will you?  Bad dog.

Tues. 13
    SWEET BAMBOO at The Nick
    They may be great or awful, but you win points if you can tell me
what "sweet bamboo" means in Southern parlance.  I know, of course.

Wed. 14
    FIVE-EIGHT at The Chukker (Tuscaloosa)
    Well, they're damned good, so I had to put them in again.

Sat. 17
    BARKING TRIBE/SPRAYTRUCK
    The Tribe are putting out another recording, grinds the rumor mill.
Spraytruck constitute unknown waters.

Mon. 19
    SPUNKADILLY -- CD release party at The Chukker (Tuscaloosa)
    They sure are weird, folks. They sure are.  I am pleased that they
are eating the grapes of success, strange appearances and all.  Have you
done anything weird today?

Wed. 21
    BAD LIVERS at The Nick
    Gawd, they are punk rock bluegrass and well worth our money.  I
approve.

Fri. 23
    THE BISQUITS at Zydeco
    Will (Bushmen) Kimbrough struggles to get that middle name outta
there for good.

Fri. 30
    SUGAR LA LA'S/GRISTLE TWINS
    Goo-goo bars float in the miasma that is my mind.


ALL DATES SUBJECT TO CHANGE SANS NOTICE


One Sunday this month, can't remember when, is "Punk Off Night" at the
Nick with music from Tim Vice's recording collection and no cover.

Some little guy at Southplace was under the impression that I own the
Nick.  I state for the record now that It Is Not My Fault and I have No
Responsibilty or Ownership in That Club Whatsoever.

The Ticks are all pleased that our own Ed Reynolds was on the list in
the Black and White reader's choices for Local Hero of B'ham.

Where are the other female guitarists in this town?  Come, I challenge
you.

And finally, Carol Griffin informs me that she's NOT a sex symbol and
those playtex nipples are NOT meant to be attractive.

Until Next Time....

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Macintosh BBSs In Birmingham

Written by Gregory Jackson and Guido Jones
Compiled by Gregory Jackson

    Today, there is a growing movement in the BBS community of
Birmingham.  The Mac users of Birmingham are becoming involved in the
telecommunications culture.  We all know that there are a few Macintosh
users floating around out there trying to find the niche on a Big Blue
Board.  Fortunately, accommodating sysops would allow for separate
conferences and file transfer sections to accommodate their minority
brethren.  As a Macintosh user, I was heartened by this support.  Again
this characterizes the spirit of Birmingham's BBS community.  There has
been a few Macintosh-based boards in the past that have faded from the
memory of all but the most staunch Macintosh telecommunications diehard.
In fact when I came to Birmingham, I spent a whole weekend calling every
BBS listed in BTN, registering and leaving messages just to find one of
my own.  The nice thing was along the way I got to experience the
diversity of the telecommunications community, some of the nicest people
you would want to meet.  Then it happened -- I found the granddaddy of
them all: the Metro Mac.

    MetroMac BBS went online three years ago as a customer support
bulletin board for Communication Arts, Inc., a local service bureau.  In
the spirit of community service, Communication Arts opened the BBS to
the public after hours, and, on weekends, provided access to the message
bases and shareware libraries.  As more and more Mac users have come
online, MetroMac has upgraded from a Plus to an SE/30 and added faster
modems, a CD-ROM, and additional hard drives.  In the past few years,
MetroMac's libraries have grown to include over 10,000 Macintosh
shareware and public domain applications, utilities, sounds, games, clip
art, etc.  Weekly online editions of MetroMac News gives reviews of
select shareware programs and keeps you up to date on the latest
Macintosh news.

    MetroMac features an extremely intuitive graphical user interface
for Macs called TeleFinder that lets you access messages, Email, and
software in the familiar point-and-click Macintosh way.  TeleFinder
features an autodialer, built-in mail editor, address book, Find File
function, and the ability to view text, pict, and MacPaint files while
online.  Full-color BBS icons, online sounds, and balloon help under
System 7 enhance the experience of a MetroMac connection.  An offline
mailer even lets you send and receive electronic mail at a predetermined
time.

   In the near future, MetroMac plans to add support for 24-hour public
access, a FidoNet gateway, and a Windows version of TeleFinder.
MetroMac can be accessed at 205-323-6306, and supports TeleFinder,
ASCII and ANSI terminal interfaces.  The free TeleFinder software is
available from Communication Arts, the Birmingham Apple Core, and The
Matrix.

    The Cow's Head is also a Mac board, although some of its users think
that it's a PC board.  Close your eyes and dream a while... You slip
your bare feet from between the sheets, reaching for the warm, carpeted
floor.  As your toes flex in an agony of expectation, they are met
instead by cool blades of wild, uncut grass.  Startled, you yank your
foot back, only to find your bed has cut out on you, and flown back to
Earth on autopilot.  You open your eyes.  Taking a slow gaze about the
surrounding countryside, you see cows by the thousand, grazing quietly,
minding their business... but wait!  Over there, are those two bovines
slinging CowPudding at each other?  And, could they be yelling to each
other in MooTalk?  Yes, Holy Cow they are!  Not far from their slick
hides of smooth, stylish MooSkin, a rather conspicuous sign declares,
"The Yelling Match, Judge Guido Presiding..." Your mind begins to
wonder.  Who is this Guido character?  And, why does he pass time in a
Cow pasture, listening to personalities clash?  MOOOO!!!  The very man
you are wondering about has just appeared.  He's riding one of the cows.
It would seem an ordinary cow, yet, there is something quite queer about
his steed's physique.  Holy Cow, a second time!  The Cow is missing a
head, and above its neck, where doe eyes and smooth muzzle would
traditionally reside, you bear witness to a Macintosh Classic! But the
Cow's Head wears a Cow's face, and even chews electronic grass.

    "Glad to meet you," says the man.  "Welcome to the Cow's Head.
Name's Guido.  Guido Jones.  And you are...?" You answer his questions,
and he answers yours.  A small chat becomes a discussion on
Clintonomics, abortion, or the differences between Holstein and Jersey
cow milk.  The chat ends, and you watch Guido disappear into the
horizon.  He gave you something before he left, something valuable: free
run of the pasture.  So you run, barefoot and half-bucknaked.  You run
to the next section of field, SportsTalk, and see Merlin and others root
for their HomeyCows.  Trotting further still, you encounter the
Musicians, Slick and Co.  You find more to do than you thought you
could, because Macintosh computers aren't supposed to be so great for
anything like a BBS, right?  But what - the Cow is a Macintosh?  Oh! One
of those little computers with the Apple on the front, like the, well,
like what the Cow had for a Head!  Well, it must be good for something
then.

    You think for half a second, and before you know it, you're happy
you woke up in a strange Cow Pasture, stranded in the middle of a
sensational nowhere.  You decide to put the Cow's Head number in your
computer directory, and make plans to call every day for as long as
your body can take the ensuing lack of sleep.  You're hooked, Macintosh
BBS or not, because you love it.  Because you want it.  Because it's
good.  <SysOp Guido Jones, The Cow's Head, 856-2465>

    The newest Macintosh in town is the Frat House BBS run by yours
truly.  I run the FirstClass 2.0 software that also allows a GUI
interface for the Mac.  Also, the Frat House BBS is a member of the
OneNet network of Macintoshes.  OneNet is global in nature with over 200
conferences to echo.  It allows a pipeline of fresh Macintosh software
into Birmingham, and allows businesses to advertise for free all over
the world on the network.  OneNet has links to Japan and Europe, with
links coming to Africa, Russia and other former communist states.

    Together, the MetroMac, Cow's Head, and Frat House BBS offer a
variety of features and personalities to keep Macintosh users satisfied.
We also realize that we must give something back to the IBM community
that help sustain us trough the lean times.  Cow's Head is an easy to
use system that supports IBM files and conferences.  The MetroMac and
Frat House while a little more difficult at the present should in the
summer have a windows graphical interface that will make calling these
boards a joy for IBMers as well as for the Macintoshes that call it
home.

[Editor's Note: The numbers for all three of the boards mentioned in
this article are listed in our Known BBS Numbers List, but we should
also mention that calling the given number for the Frat House gives a
recording saying that the number has been disconnected, and also that no
one answers at the Cow's Head.  BTN accepts no liability for any
potential trauma incurred in failing to reach these boards.]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                         *** Product Review ***


  Product: Colorado Jumbo 250mb Trakker. External Tape Drive Backup
           System.

  Manufacturer: Colorado Memory Systems Inc.

  MSRP: $548.00 ( This is the retail price, although I have shopped
       around and found the price to be as low as $429.00.

  Compatibility: IBM PC, PC Compatible, XT, AT, PS/1, PS/2, Laptops,
                Notebooks, Novell Netware 2.2 / 3.11, Novell Netware
                Lite & Lantastic, Yes, Even Mac's.

  System Requirements: DOS 2.1 or higher, 1 Parallel Port, 450 kb of
                     conventional memory free. ( although 550 kb will
                     produce better results).

  Trakker accessories: The Trakker comes with it's own power cord, a
                      software back up program ( 3.5" 720kb diskette ),
                      an installation guide, users manual, and a compat-
                      ibility guide with a list of optional accessories
                      that are available from Colorado Memory Systems.
                     ( Tape sold separately for $31.95 or 3 for $76.00 )
                     ( My tapes are QIC-80 250mb )

   Now for the test. The front of the box advertises "Plug And Play In-
  stallation". So, that's the first test I wanted to conduct. When a
  manufacturer advertises this sort of thing, I am always leary. So,
  after installing the software, ( which went without difficulty )
  configuring it, ( also without difficulty ) I stuck a tape in and
  started the software.

  Test number 1. Backup

  Machine: 486/25 - 627,727kb free conventional memory. ( Which matters
   since the software runs in conventional. Also, I have 1 meg devoted
   to Smartdrv, which may or may not help on speed, since the weakest
   link is the parallel port itself.)

  Files selected: 842

  Total Megabytes: 40,761,770

  Compression Standard: "Save Space" Which equals 50% compression.

  Time: A whopping 34 mins 16 sec.

  Test number 2. Backup

  Same Machine.

  Files Selected: 554

  Total Megabytes: 30,723,168

  Compression Standard: "Save Time" Which equals 40% compression.

  Time: 31 mins. 46 sec.

   You're right. I've got a problem. Ok, so now it's time to open the
  manual. The manual reveals some sample backup times. Which are as
  follows;
        Sample Times to Backup 10mb file-by-file in minutes.

          Computer type           Data Compression
                              Off    Save Space      Save Time
          80386/33           5:29      3:09            2:58
          80386/25           5:29      5:48            3:10
          80386/16           5:29      8:03            4:32
          80286/8            5:29     14:58            9:07

  None of this added up. Or at least, not according to my tests.

   A quick call to tech support at Colorado Memory Systems revealed my
  problem. I had selected Zip files for backup. Since these files are
  already compressed all I was really doing was making them larger by
  adding a header to each file. Secondly, I was swapping out to a new
  tape for each test. This takes time for the tape to position itself
  in the cartridge. Tech support suggested I insert a new tape, allow
  it to position itself, select No Compression, and then do the backup.
   I found tech support quite helpful and courteous, also it's a
  toll free number.
   I reconfigured the software, this time selecting No Compression, and
  set out for test number three.

   Test number 3. Backup

   Same Machine

   Files selected: 556

   Total Megabytes: 31,357,394

   Time: 8 min. 16 sec.

    Now that's more like it!

   The restore times are a little slower, but still in this ball park.

   Evaluation:

    Thumbs Up! For having a toll free support number.
    Thumbs Up! For operating a BBS ( 303-635-0650 ) where tech suport
               informed me that I can call and download the latest
               release of their software.
    Thumbs Up! For having the forethought to add a Parallel out-put
               on the back of the system so I can still use my printer.
    Thumbs Up! On size. 4.6" wide, 2.65" high, 9.5" deep. For the user
               that has a desk with no room left, this will fit!
               Also, weighing in at a mere 5 lbs. will insure that you
               will be able to easily move this product from machine to
               machine.
    Thumbs Up! For ease of installation. Just plug it into your parallel
               port, install the software, and you are ready to go.

    Thumbs Down! For the size of the receptacle at the end of the power
                 cord. It is so large that you will have to unplug the
                 neighboring plug(s). This makes it inconvenient for
                 those of us who rely on every plug in the power strip.
    Thumbs Down! For noise. Although the software has a feature that
                 will allow you to do scheduled backups while you sleep,
                 the system will wake you if it is in the same room or
                 even near the same room. I can hear the system running
                 20 feet away. But, in an office environment, this would
                 pose no problem.
    Thumbs Down! For warranty. ( 1 Year ) At this kind of price I would
                 expect longer coverage. Although this warranty is in
                 comparison with other manufacturers.

    Comments:

     This product is not for the individual who only has one machine.
For this type user, the internal version connected to the floppy
controller would be the ideal way to go, being much faster as well.
     This product IS for the individual who has more than one machine.
I can make a backup from one machine, simply disconnect the parallel
cable, connect to machine number two, and I'm on my way to a second
backup.
    The times I recorded were with a unidirectional parallel port.
Significant improvement in time will be achieved by swapping to the new
enhanced port.
    Overall, the Trakker suits my needs to a tee.  I have three machines
that I was constantly backing up (with floppies).  The idea of having to
tear three machines down to install three internal tape backup systems
was more than I could bear.  The only other alternative would have been
to network the three.
    I have made several incremental backups since I did the timing
tests, and can now add that The Trakker not only performs the backups
without a hitch, but fast as well.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

This service was brought to my attention by its provider, Edward
Brzezowski.  I thought it was interesting and would seem so to you.  I'd
like to see your opinions in letters to either Scott or myself.  I'd
like to apologize for being a month late in presenting this but events
conspired against me.  MM, Pub.

******************* ATTENTION COMPUTER USERS ***********************

InfoMarket Express: Where information is bought and sold online.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
             "Making virtual publishing a reality"

     Anyone can call InfoMarket Express (no subscription or registration
fees or hourly connect charges) and upload a file for sale.  There is no
upload or storage charge for people wishing to sell files on the system.
Sellers (providers) make money every time their file is sold -- 50% of
the price they place on the item.  Buyers can select files on InfoMarket
Express, purchase them via credit card, and receive their purchases
immediately upon credit card authorization (approx. 1 min.).  Files for
sale can be virtually anything that can be sold in an electronic format,
including original articles, reports, newsletters, books, software, etc.

     Our system is available to all users without a startup fee, doesn't
require special access software, provides 14.4k v.32bis modem
connections and can be accessed by IBM PCs and MACs. Set your
telecommunications software for VT-100, ANSI emulation for best results.

     InfoMarket Express is in its final beta testing stage.  You may
wish to give it a try and consider using this type of system to
distribute any material you feel may be of value to others.  The
InfoMarket data line is (908) 879-7209, 14.4k v.32bis.  We need your
help to "stock the shelves" and look forward to your call!

     Important note: 908 is not a 900#, but a new area code in New
Jersey.

InfoMarket, Inc.
P.O. Box 815
Chester, NJ 07930
01/16/93 ehb


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


Known BBS Numbers For The Birmingham Area


Special note: Sysops, PLEASE check your listing to make sure everything
is correct, especially the networks.  Corrections should be mailed on
the Matrix to either me, Scott Hollifield or to James Minton.  (James
can also be more speedily reached on his own board, Outer Limits.)

Also, if anyone has any information about networks listed at the bottom
with "uncertain at press time", let us know.


NAME                    NUMBER     BAUD RATES   MODEM    BBS SOFTWARE
                                   SUPPORTED    TYPE

221-B Baker Street      856-7034   1200-2400             VBBS 5.6
        [vi, al]
ADAnet One (Nodes 1-3)  854-9074   1200-2400             PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, fi, ad]
ADAnet One (Node 4)     854-5863   2400-14400   USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, fi, ad]
Alcatraz BBS            608-0880    300-9600             VBBS 6.0
        [he, vi]
Alter-Ego BBS           925-5099   1200-9600    USR HST  PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn]
Asgard                  663-9171    300-9600    V.32     WWIV 4.21a
        [ez, al, te]
Baudville (Node 1)      980-1089    300-2400             Major BBS 6.02
        [none]
Baudville (Node 2)      991-2095   300-14400             Major BBS 6.02
        [none]
Baudville (Node 3)      991-9144    300-2400             Major BBS 6.02
        [none]
Baudville (Node 4)      995-0013    300-2400             Major BBS 6.02
        [none]
Bert's BBS              424-2872    300-2400             WWIV 4.21
        [none]
Bone Yard, The          631-6023    300-9600    USR HST  PCBoard 14.5
        [fi, ez]
Boy's Room              674-8117    300-2400             Wildcat! 3.55
        [none]
Bus System              987-5419    300-2400             PCBoard 14.2
        [none]
Byte Me!                979-BYTE!  2400-14400   USR HST  WWIV 4.12
        [ez, th, al]
Cannibal Cafe           942-9576    300-2400             VBBS 6.0
        [vi, da, he]
Castle, The             841-7618    300-2400             Image 1.2
        [none]
Castle Rock             995-9900   1200-19200            VBBS 5.6
        [vi, al, he]
Channel 8250 (Node 1)   744-8546   300-14400    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, un]
Channel 8250 (Node 2)   744-5166   300-14400    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, un]
Christian Apologetic    808-0763   1200-14400   V.32bis  Wildcat! 3.55
        [ez, wi, bc, ru]
Cow's Head              856-2465   1200-2400             Hermes 1.7
        [none]
Crunchy Frog (Node 1)   823-3957   300-14400    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn, lu, ll]
Crunchy Frog (Node 2)   823-3958   300-14400    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn, lu, ll]
DataLynx BBS            328-7688    300-2400             WWIV 4.21
        [ez]
DataWorks BBS!          664-0406    300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
        [un, sm, dv, rf, rs, in]
Den, The                933-8744    300-9600    USR HST  ProLogon/ProDoor
        [ez, mn, il]
Digital Publishing      854-1660    300-9600    V.32     Wildcat! 3.01
        [pl]
EcoBBS                  933-2238    300-2400             VBBS 5.6
        [al, vi]
Faction, The            995-2757  1200-14400             VBBS 6.0
        [none]
Family Smorgas-Board    744-0943    300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, fi, mj, bc, fa, ic, cf, cd, np, ag, ve, ad]
Final Frontier          838-5634   300-14400             VBBS 6.0
        [none]
Flip Side               798-3961    300-2400             Renegade 8.27
        [none]
Frat House              252-1274    300-9600    V.42bis  FirstClass 2.09
        [none]
Gamer's Online          942-4581  1200-14400             VBBS 6.0
        [none]
Genesis Online (Nodes 1-4) 620-4144 300-14400   V.32bis  Major BBS 5.3
        [mr]
Guardian, The           425-1951   1200-9600    V.32bis  VBBS 6.0
        [vi, ga]
Hacker's Corner         674-5449   1200-2400    MNP4     PCBoard 14.5
        [none]
Hardeman's BBS          640-6436  1200-14400             Wildcat! 3.51
        [wi, di, bc]
Hardware Hotline        631-6629   300-14400    V.32/42  VBBS 6.0
        [none]
Headland, The           991-0947   300-14400    V.32bis  VBBS 6.0
        [he, vi]
Highlander BBS          856-9391    300-2400             VBBS 6.0
        [none]
Homewood's Hell Hole    870-9067  2400-14440    V.32bis  VBBS 5.6
        [he]
Hoots With Owls         520-9540  1200-14400    V.32bis  TriBBS 3.3
        [cc, tr]
Illuminatus BBS         871-0489   1200-9600             VBBS 6.0
        [vi, al]
Infinite Probability    791-0421  2400-14400             VBBS 5.6
        [vi, al]
Intruder Enterprizes    969-0870    300-9600    V.32     VBBS 5.6
        [vi, al]
Joker's Castle          664-5589   300-14400    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn, un]
KickAxis BBS            733-0253  1200-14400    USR DS   VBBS 6.0
        [he]
Last Word               663-4721    300-2400             VBBS 6.0
        [sn]
Lemon Grove             836-1184   300-12000    V.42bis  SLBBS 3.0
        [fi, sl]
Lion & The Unicorn      424-1599  1200-57600             VBBS 5.6
        [ga, al, vi, lo]
Lumby's Palace          520-0041   300-14400             VBBS 6.0
        [he]
Magic City              664-9883   300-14400    V.42bis  Wildcat! 3.55
        [cc, dx, tr, wi]
Magnolia BBS            854-6407   300-14400    USR HST  PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn]
MATRIX, The (Nodes 1-14)  323-2016 300-2400              PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn, th, il, in, al, sh, sc, gl, ic, ri, fr]
MATRIX, The (Nodes 20-23) 323-6016   9600-14400 USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn, th, il, in, al, sh, sc, gl, ic, ri, fr]
MATRIX, The (Node 25-26)  458-3449  9600-14400  V.32bis  PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn, th, il, in, al, sh, sc, gl, ic, ri, fr]
MetaBoard               854-4814   300-14400    USR DS   Opus CBCS 1.73
        [fi, ad]
MetroMac BBS            323-6306   300-2400              TeleFinder 3.0
        [none]
Milliways BBS           956-3177  1200-14440    V.32     VBBS 6.0
        [he, vi, al]
Missing Link            853-1257   300-16800    USR DS   C-Net Amiga 2.31
        [none]
Neon Moon               477-5894   300-14400             TriBBS 4.0
        [dx]
Night Watch             841-2790  1200-14400    USR DS   TriBBS 4.01
        [cc, tr, di, fi, ez, ab]
Nirvana                 942-6702   300-14400    V.32bis  VBBS 6.0
        [al, vi, at, rp]
Outer Limits (Node 1)   425-5871  1200-14400    USR HST  Wildcat! 3.60
        [fi, do, ec]
Outer Limits (Node 2)   426-2939  1200-14400    V.32bis  Wildcat! 3.60
        [fi, do, ec]
Owlabama BBS            856-2521  1200-14400             GTPower 17.06
        [gt, ez, mn, cc, tr, sc, ab]
Owl's Nest              680-0851   300-14400    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
        [ez, mn]
Party Line              856-1336   300-14000    V.32bis  TriBBS 4.0
        [cc, tr, di]
Penny Arcade            699-4625    300-2400             Running Force! 3.75
        [none]
Playground              681-5070  2400-14000    V.32     TriBBS 4.0
        [tr, di, cc, ez, al, fr]
Posys BBS               854-5131    300-9600    V.32     PCBoard
        [none]
Quiet Zone              833-2066    300-2400             ExpressNet
        [none]
Razor's Edge            995-0412   1200-2400             VBBS 5.6
        [he, al]
Safe Harbor (Node 1)    665-4332    300-2400             GTPower 17.06
        [gt, ez, mn, il]
Safe Harbor (Node 2)    665-4355   300-14400    USR DS   GTPower 17.06
        [gt, ez, mn, il]
Sam's Domain            956-2757  1200-14400             VBBS 6.0
        [da, he]
Safety BBS              581-2866    300-2400             RBBS-PC 17.4
        [none]
Sleepy Hollow           970-0518    300-2400             VBBS 5.6
        [al]
Sperry BBS              853-6144    300-2400    V.32/42bis  PCBoard 14.5
        [none]
ST BBS                  836-9311    300-2400             PCBoard 14.2
        [ez]
StarBase 12             647-7184    300-2400             TriBBS 4.0
        [ez, mn]
Teasers                 987-0122    300-2400             WWIV 4.21
        [al]
Thy Master's Dungeon    940-2116   300-57600    V.32/42bis  PCBoard 14.5
        [fr]
Torch Song              328-1517    300-9600    V.32     Wildcat 3.6
        [pr, se, st, do]
Weekends BBS            841-8583  2400-16800    USR DS   Wildcat! 3.6
        [none]
Willie's DYM (Node 1)   664-9902    300-2400             Oracomm Plus
        [or]
Willie's DYM (Node 2)   664-9903    300-2400             Oracomm Plus
        [or]
Willie's DYM (Node 3)   664-9895    300-2400             Oracomm Plus
        [or]
Willie's DYM (Node 4)   664-9896    300-2400             Oracomm Plus
        [or]
Ziggy Unix BBS          991-5696    300-1200             UNaXess
        [none]

The two-letter abbreviations you see on the line below the names of
many of the bbs' in the list signify that they are members of one or
more networks that exchange or echo mail to each other in some organized
fashion.

ad = ADAnet, an international network dedicated to the handicapped
ag = AgapeNet, a national Christian network, multi-topic
al = AlaNet, a local network, multi-topic
an = Annex Network, uncertain at press time
at = AdultNet, a national network, adult-oriented
bc = BCBNet, a local network, religion-oriented
bh = BhamTalk, a local network, multi-topic
cc = City2City, a national network, multi-topic
cd = CDN, a national Christian network for file distribution
cf = CFN, a national Christian network, multi-topic
da = DateNet, uncertain at press time
de = DevNet, an international network for programmers and developers
di = Dixie Net, a regional network, multi-topic geared toward the south
     eastern United States
do = DoorNet, a national network for the distribution of BBS doors
ec = EchoNet, uncertain at press time
ez = EzNet, a local IBM compatible network
fa = FamilyNet, an international network, multi-topic
fi = FidoNet, an international network, multi-topic
fr = FredNet, a regional network, political discussion
ga = GameNet, a local network, uncertain at press time
gl = GlobalLink, an international network, multi-topic
gt = GTNet, an international network, multi-topic
he = HellNet, a local network, multi-topic
ic = ICDM, an international Christian network, multi-topic
il = ILink, an international network, multi-topic
ic = Intelec, a national network, multi-topic
in = InterNet, an international network, linking businesses,
     universities, and bbs', multi-topic
ll = LlamaNet, a national network, freeform correspondence
lo = LocalNet, uncertain at press time
lu = LuciferNet, an international network, adult oriented
ma = MAXnet, a local network, connecting WWIV and VBBS systems
mj = MJCN, an international network for Messianic Jews
mn = Metronet, an international network which echoes RIME, multi-topic
mr = MajorNet, an international network, multi-topic
np = NPN, a national network for new parents
or = OraNet, a national E-mail network
pl = PlanoNet, a national network, multi-topic
pr = PrideNet, a local homosexually oriented network
rf = RF Net, a national network for ham radio users and hobbyists
ri = RIME, an international network, multi-topic
rb = RoboLink, a national network, multi-topic
rp = RPGnet, a local network for role-playing games
rs = RoseNet, a national network, technically oriented
ru = RushNet, a national network for Rush Limbaugh fans
sc = Science Factor Net, a national network, science and technology
     oriented
se = SEC, a regional network, homosexually oriented geared toward the
     southeastern United States
sh = Shades N Shadows Net, a national network for role-playing games
sl = SearchlightNet, a national network, multi-topic
sm = SmartNet, a national network, multi-topic
sn = ShadowNet, a national network for role-playing games
st = StudsNet, a national network, homosexually oriented
te = TECHnet, a local network, hardware and utility oriented
th = ThrobNet, an international network, adult oriented
tr = TriBBS Net, a national network, multi-topic
un = Uni'Net, an international network, multi-topic
ve = VETLink, a national network for military veterans
vi = VirtualNet, an international network, multi-topic
wi = WildNet, a national network, multi-topic
ww = WWIV-Net, an international network, multi-topic


If you have any corrections, additions, deletions, etc., please let me
know via a message on the main board of The Matrix or Crunchy Frog.


The following BBSs appeared to be down or malfunctioning the last time I
tried to verify their existence.  If you have any information on their
status, please drop me a line.

Bert's BBS              Castle Rock             Cow's Head
Frat House              Hacker's Corner         Homewood's Hell Hole
Hoots With Owls         Safe Harbor             Sleepy Hollow
Thy Master's Dungeon

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

