BTN:  Birmingham Telecommunications News
COPYRIGHT 1990

January 1990    Volume 3, Issue 1

Table Of Contents
-----------------
Article Title                                  Author

Policy Statement and Disclaimer................Staff
Editorial Column...............................Idiot-In-Chief
Atta Boy & Then Some...........................Mark Maisel
A FidoNet Tutorial.............................Larry Odom
Berlin Wall Interview..........................Karsten Propper
Review & Overview of ProDoor 3.1...............Ricky Morgan
Profile:  Randy Hilliard.......................Chris Mohney
Amiga On The Loose.............................Richard Foshee
Is There A Dark Contagion......................Percy Peabody
Insights:  A Modest Proposal...................Ron Albright
A Look Into The Twilight Zone..................Richard Kushner
Book Review....................................Karsten Propper
Message Board..................................Barry Bowden
Known BBS Numbers..............................Staff
EzNet Multiple Echo List.......................Staff

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer and Statement of Policy for BTN

We at BTN try our best to assure the accuracy of articles and
information in our publication.  We assume no responsibility for
damage due to errors, omissions, etc.  The liability,if any for BTN, its
editors and writers, for damages relating to any errors or omissions,
etc., shall be limited to the cost of a one year subscription to BTN,
even if BTN, its editors or writers have been advised of the likelihood
of such damages occurring.

With the conclusion of that nasty business, we can get on with our
policy for publication and reproduction of BTN articles.  We publish
monthly with a deadline of the fifteenth of the month prior to
publication.  If you wish to submit an article, you may do so at any
time but bear in mind the deadline if you wish for your work to appear
in a particular issue.  It is not our purpose to slander or otherwise
harm a person or reputation and we accept no responsibility for the
content of the articles prepared by our writers.  Our writers own their
work and it is protected by copyright.  We allow reprinting of articles
from BTN with only a few restrictions.  The author may object to a
reprint, in which case he will specify in the content of his article.
Otherwise, please feel free to reproduce any article from BTN as long as
the source, BTN, is specified, and as long as the author's name and the
article's original title are retained.  If you use one of our articles,
please forward a copy of your publication to:

Mark Maisel
Editor, BTN
221 Chestnut St.
BHM, AL 35210-3219

We thank you for taking the time to read our offering and we hope that
you like it.  We also reserve the right to have a good time while doing
all of this and not get too serious about it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Editorial
by Mark Maisel

     Welcome to the new year and I hope that one of your resolutions
will be to religiously read BTN each month and that when quizzed, you
wil be able to answer any question put to you regarding any issue.  Even
if you don't read every issue, you ought to read this one.  It is even
bigger than the Christmas issue which left me absolutely amazed.  Since
editors world wide are using their columns this month to act as pundits
for the coming decade or to say goodbye to the past one, I will do what
you expect and completely forget that business.  I have absolutely
nothing to say in the way of any predictions or "I told ya so's" this
time.  No, not me.  I won't even mention the time that I told Randy...
but I digress.  This issue has a great variety of articles to choose
from though I recommend reading all of them.

     We start with my report on some very odd behavior on the part of
Tom Egan.  To say any more would spoil the surprise.  Larry Odom, sysop
of I.S.A. BBS, expands on a previous article by Howard Duck, sysop of
Duck Pond, on FidoNet.  He also provides new information for anyone who
is interested in becoming a member of this network.  If you have ever
wondered how FidoNet manages to connect over 5000 bulletin boards
together with mail and file service, now is your chance to find out.
Events in Eastern Europe have been in the news for the last few months,
particularly the dismantling of the Berlin Wall.  Karsten Propper,
wanting to hear a personal perspective from an affected German,
interviewed his father on this event.  Mr. Propper shares his feelings
with us and helps provide better understanding of the feelings of many
Germans on this issue.  Ricky Morgan follows with the continuation of
his series on ProDoor 3.1 and devotes this month to file transfer
options.  Don't miss it if you want to experience the great flexibility
ProDoor offers in this area.  Guess whose name got pulled this month:
Randy Hilliard.  Chris swears that it was a random pull from the hat and
Randy does his best to answer the ProFile questions.  Ole Randy told
Chris that he had not experienced such test anxiety since his last blood
test.  Richard Foshee steps up to bat for the Amiga again, this time
expanding on an article by Kelly Rosato on multitasking.  Richard
describes multitasking on the Amiga and explains some of the concepts
behind this ability.  The next article, written by Percy Peabody, deals
with the darker side of telecommunications.  He expands on and shares
his feelings about an article detailing the use of bulletin boards by
violent and racist groups that appeared in a recent issue of PC
Computing.  Ron Albright offers us all a modest proposal for bringing
computer literacy to our children that bears your attention,
particularly if you own more than one computer.  Thanks to the wandering
eyes of Dean Costello, we have a re-print from ST Report by Richard
Kushner that is a not quite so fictional as he would have you believe
story about the computer wars of the early 1980's.  Karsten Propper
reviews another book for us in the science fiction genre so take a look
and see if he knows what he is talking about.  We close the issue, at
last, with our regulars, Message Board, The Known BBS List, and the
EzNet Echo List.

I hope that you will enjoy this issue.  Please leave public comments on
EzNet.  To the many contributors, thanks once again!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Atta Boy & Then Some
by Mark Maisel

     It was recently brought to my attention that our resident "Evil
Nazi", Tom Egan, Remote Sysop of The Matrix, has been behaving in ways
that are sure to get him booted from "The Bad Guys In America" listing.
I don't really know how to tell you folks this but I assure you that it
is true.

     While driving back to town from a job in Montgomery, Tom happened
upon a most unusual sight.  As he approached an overpass, he saw a woman
fall, hit the highway next to the car in front of him, and bounce into
his path.  He quickly managed to stop his car and proceeded to turn it
around to face the oncoming traffic.  He parked his car about 1/4 mile
behind the woman with his headlights on to warn cars to get out of the
lane.  He then rushed back to the woman to see what could be done for
her.  As cars stopped to offer help, he asked them to call for emergency
aid and an ambulance.  He then put his Red Cross emergency training to
work, I didn't believe it either, and went on to keep the woman
immobilized until help could arrive.  Tom reasoned that the woman most
likely had some broken bones and possible spinal damage so he worked to
hold her still.  He told me that the woman tried to get up so he had to
be very careful to keep her down yet not aggravate her injuries further.
 In addition, he kept up a steady stream of talk to try and calm her and
keep her from going into shock.

     After help arrived, Tom came back home and reported the days events
to his wife and to me.  She and I were impressed to say the least.  As
time passed, Tom was told by the people at the hopsital that the woman
broke both legs, one ankle, one arm, and also had sustained spinal
damage.  Tom was also told that the woman would most likely experience
a complete recovery due to his efforts at immobilizing her.  If not for
Tom, the woman probably have become paralyzed.  One thing Tom never has
found out is why the woman fell from the overpass.

     I felt that this story deserved to be shared with you all and that
it certainly demonstrates that there is some good in everyone, even an
"Evil Nazi" like our Tom.  So next time he logs you off, messes up your
game, or message pointers, consider his heroics and let him have his
fun.  You might also leave Tom an "Atta Boy" message next time you are
on The Matrix and let him know how proud you are of him.

     Editor's Note:  The woman has since been released from the hospital
     and will recover fully.mm

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

A FidoNet Tutorial -
by Larry Odom
   Sysop of ISA-BBS of Birmingham


Section

1 Overview
  The Levels of FidoNet
  Coordinators
  Region 18 Coordinator and In-State Listing

2 Sysop Procedures
  How to get a node number

3 Network Communications
  Node list distribution
  Newsletter distribution
  Network mail distribution
  Echomail Distribution and Symbolic Listing


Overview -

FidoNet is an amateur electronic mail system.  As  such,  all  of  its
participants  and  operators  are non-paid volunteers.  From its early
beginnings as a few friends swapping messages back and forth,  it  has
now grown to  (November 89)  over  5000  different  systems  on  four
continents.

FidoNet  is  large  enough that it would quickly fall apart of its own
weight unless some sort of structure and control were imposed  on  it.
Multinet  operation  provides the structure.  Decentralized management
provides the control.


The Levels of FidoNet -

FidoNet nodes are grouped on several levels.  These are as follows:

o   FidoNet; This indicates the entire public amateur mail network, as
    administered by the  International  FidoNet  Association,  and  as
    defined by the weekly node list.

o   Zones;  A zone is a large geographic area containing many regions,
    and covering one or more countries and/or continents.

o   Regions;  A region is a well defined  geographic  area  containing
    nodes  which  may or may not be combined into networks.  A typical
    region will contain many nodes in networks,  and a few independent
    nodes, which are not a part of any network.

o   Networks;  A  network  is  a  collection  of  nodes,  usually in a
    relatively small geographic area.  Networks coordinate their  mail
    activity to decrease cost and increase mail throughput.

o   Hubs;  A hub is a subdivision of a network that assists in network
    management  by  routing  mail  to,  and  by  coordinating  for,  a
    collection of nodes in that network.  In general only  the  larger
    networks will have hubs.

o   Nodes;  A  node  is a single FidoNet address,  and is the smallest
    recognized unit of FidoNet.

o   Points; A point is a node on a private network which is accessible
    through a node on FidoNet.


Each subdivision  at  each  level  is  managed  by  a  coordinator.  A
coordinator  is  a  person  who  coordinates  the technical aspects of
network mail.  This entails both administrative and  technical  tasks,
which  will  be described later.  The following levels of coordinators
are currently recognized:

o   The  International  Coordinator;   The  International  Coordinator
    compiles all of the node lists from all of the regions and creates
    the master node list, which is then distributed over FidoNet.

o   The  Zone  Coordinator;  A  Zone Coordinator maintains the list of
    administrative nodes in his zone and accepts node lists  from  the
    Regional  Coordinators  in  his  zone.  He compiles these lists to
    create a zone node list,  which he then sends to the International
    Coordinator  for  inclusion  in  the  master  node  list.  A  Zone
    Coordinator  is  also responsible for overseeing any zone gateways
    in his zone.

o   The Regional Coordinator;  A Regional  Coordinator  maintains  the
    list  of  independent  nodes  in his region and accepts node lists
    from the Network Coordinators in his  region.  He  compiles  these
    lists to create a regional node list for his region, which he then
    sends  to  his  Zone Coordinator.  A Regional Coordinator does not
    perform routing services for any nodes in his region.

o   The Network Coordinator;  A Network Coordinator maintains the list
    of  any  nodes  in  his  network  that are not served by a hub and
    accepts node lists from the Hub Coordinators in  his  network.  He
    compiles  these  lists  to  create  a  network  node  list for his
    network,  which he then  sends  to  his  Regional  Coordinator.  A
    Network  Coordinator  is  also responsible for forwarding any mail
    addressed to nodes in his network.

o   The Hub Coordinator; A Hub Coordinator maintains the list of nodes
    in his hub  and  sends  it  to  his  Network  Coordinator.  A  Hub
    Coordinator  is also responsible for forwarding any mail addressed
    to nodes in his hub.

o   The Sysop; A Sysop formulates his own policy for running his board
    and dealing with his users,  so that will not be discussed in this
    document.  However,  a  Sysop  must also mesh with the rest of the
    FidoNet system if he is to send and receive mail, and that will be
    discussed here.


These levels act to  distribute  the  administration  and  control  of
FidoNet  to  the  lowest  possible  level,  while  still  allowing for
coordinated action over the  entire  mail  system.  Administration  is
made  possible  by operating in a strict top-down manner.  That is,  a
coordinator at any given  level  is  responsible  to  the  coordinator
immediately above him, and responsible for everyone below him.

For example,  a Regional Coordinator is solely responsible to his Zone
Coordinator for anything that may or may not  happen  in  his  region.
From  the  point  of  view  of  the  Zone  Coordinator,  the  Regional
Coordinator is totally  and  completely  responsible  for  the  smooth
operation  of  his  region.  Likewise,  from  the point of view of the
Regional  Coordinator,   the  Network  Coordinators  are  totally  and
completely responsible for the smooth operation of their networks.

If  a coordinator at any level above sysop is unable for any reason to
properly perform his duties,  he can be replaced by his coordinator at
the next level up.  For example,  if a Regional Coordinator is failing
to  perform  his  duties,  then his Zone Coordinator can appoint a new
Regional Coordinator to replace him.

The primary responsibility of any coordinator is technical  management
of  network  operations.  Management decisions should be made strictly
on technical grounds.


Region 18 Coordinator & In-State Host Listing -

Type       Node Board's Name         Phone Number      City                Baud
====       ==== ============         ============      ====                ====

REGION       18 SouthEast/Caribbean  1-919-274-5760    AL FL GA MS NC SC T 9600

HOST        373 Rocket City Net      1-205-880-7723    Huntsville AL       9600
HOST        375 Central Alabama Net  1-205-279-7313    Montgomery AL       9600
HOST       3602 BHAMnet              1-205-822-0956    Birmingham AL       9600
HOST       3607 North Alabama Net    1-205-355-2983    Decatur AL          9600


Sysop Procedures -

A sysop of an individual node can pretty much do  as  he  pleases,  as
long  as  he observes the mail events,  is not excessively annoying to
other  nodes  on  FidoNet,  and  does  not promote the distribution of
pirated copyrighted software.

National  Mail  Hour is the heart of FidoNet,  as this is when network
mail is passed between systems.  Any system which wishes to be a  part
of  FidoNet must be able to receive mail at this time.  A system which
is a member of a network may also be required  to  observe  additional
mail events, as defined by his Network Coordinator.

Failure  to  observe  the proper mail events is sufficient grounds for
any node to be dropped from FidoNet.

Network mail systems generally operate unattended and place  calls  at
odd hours of the night.  If a system tries to call an incorrect or out
of  date  number,  it could cause some poor citizen's phone to ring in
the wee hours of the  morning,  much  to  the  annoyance  of  innocent
bystanders and civil authorities.  For this reason,  a sysop who sends
mail is obligated to obtain and use the most  recent  edition  of  the
node list as is practical.

The  exact  timing  of  National Mail Hour is set for each zone by the
Zone  Coordinator.  In  the  United  States,  National  Mail  Hour  is
observed from 0900 to 1000 Greenwhich Mean Time (GMT) every day,
weekends included.  In each of the United States time zones, this would
be as follows:

    Eastern Standard Time         4 AM to 5 AM
    Central Standard Time         3 AM to 4 AM
    Mountain Standard Time        2 AM to 3 AM
    Pacific Standard Time         1 AM to 2 AM
    Hawaii Standard Time         11 PM to Midnight

FidoNet  does  not  observe  daylight  savings  time.  In  areas which
observe daylight savings time  the  FidoNet  mail  schedules  must  be
adjusted  in  the  same direction as the clock change.  Alternatively,
you can simply leave your system on standard time.


How to get a node number -

You  must  first obtain a current node list so that you can send mail.
You do not need a node number to send mail,  but you must have one  in
order for others to send mail to you.

The first step in obtaining a current node list is to locate a FidoNet
bulletin board.

If the sysop of any FidoNet system does not have a node list available
for downloading, then he can probably tell you where to get one.

Once  you  have  a node list,  you must determine which coordinator to
apply to.  The coordinator of any network or  region  is  always  node
zero  of  that  network  or  region.  A Hub Coordinator will always be
indicated in the node list by a "HUB" prefix.

You should apply to the  lowest-level  coordinator  that  covers  your
area.  For  example,  if  you are located within the hub of a network,
then you would apply to the Hub Coordinator.  If there is  no  network
that  covers  your  area,   then  you  would  apply  to  the  Regional
Coordinator for your region.

Your application for a node number must be sent to the coordinator by
FidoNet mail, and must include at least the following:

    1) Your name.
    2) The name of your system.
    3) The city and state where your system is located.
    4) The phone number to be used when calling your system.
    5) Your hours of operation.
    6) The maximum baud rate you can support.

Your coordinator may want  additional  information.  If  so,  he  will
contact  you.  Please  allow  at  least  two to three weeks for a node
number request to be processed.


Node list distribution -

The node list is posted weekly on Saturday,  along with a  "difference
file"  giving  the changes for the week.  It is your responsibility to
obtain the difference file from your coordinator  every  week  and  to
distribute   it   to  the  coordinators  below  you.   The  method  of
distribution is left to your discretion.  It is  also  desirable  that
you make it available for downloading by the general user, but this is
not required.

Newsletter distribution -

The newsletter, called FidoNews,  is published weekly on Monday and is
distributed as an archive named FNEWSvnn.ARC,  where "v" is the volume
number and "nn" is the issue number.  It  is  your  responsibility  to
obtain this archive from your coordinator every week and to distribute
it  to the coordinators below you.  The method of distribution is left
to your discretion.  It is also desirable that you make  it  available
for  downloading  by  the  general user in both archived an unarchived
form, but this is not required.

Network mail distribution -

It is your responsibility to ensure that network mail in your area  is
operating  in  an  acceptable manner.  Exactly what this involves will
depend on what level you are at,  and will be discussed in more detail
below.


Echomail distribution -

Echomail is one of the most exciting parts of FidoNet. Echomail places
you in contact with thousands of users throughout the world on many
varied topics. Below is the September 89 listing for echos carried on
the FidoNet backbone. If you are interested in the complete file which
list the details of each echo, including echo moderator, volume of
traffic and detailed description of the echo subject, you may download
the file ECHOLIST.ZIP from ISA-BBS at 205-995-7739 1200/2400/9600 24hrs
or if your a Fido node just File Request ECHOLIST. Below you will find
a listing of echos and a brief description of the associated topics.

FidoNet EchoList 910
Symbolic Area Name Cross-Reference Listing as of: 10/01/89

Symbolic Area Name    Conference Title
--------------------  ---------------------------------------------------------
3RIVERS               Three Rivers Chatter
ABLED                 disABLED Users Information Exchange.
AD&D                  Advanced Dungeons and Dragons
ADOPTEES              Adoptees Information Exchange
AIDS/ARC              AIDS/ARC
ALROTISS              American League Rotissiere Baseball
AMIGASTAND            Amiga Standards Workshop
AMIGA_PROG            Amiga Developper's and Programmer's Conference
AMY_POINT             Amiga Point operations and TeleCommunications Discussions
ANIMED                ANIMED
ARC_WARS              Compression Program Users Information Exchange
ASIAN-AMERICAN        Asian-American Forum
ASIAN_LINK            Asian general link
ASKACOP2              Ask A Cop Conference
ASKATECH              National Technical Q&A GroupMail Conference
AT&T                  AT&T Systems International Support Conference
ATHENS_SYSOP          Athens / Northeast Georgia Open Sysop conference
AUDIO                 Music and Sound
AVIATION              Aviation related discussions.
BASEBALL              National Baseball discussions/Trading Cards Conference
BBSSYSOP              National BBS Sysop GroupMail Conference
BEAMMEUP              National Star Trek Discussions GroupMail Conference
BLATZ                 Gzorniblatz: The National GroupMail Support Conference
BLINKTALK             Visual Disabilities Echo
BROADCAST             TV & Radio Broadcasting Echo
CANMAC                Canadian Macintosh Echo
CONSULTING            Consulting International Conference
CONTROV               Controversy Forum
COOKING               Cooking
CPAA                  Computer Pilots Assoc. of America
CPMTECH               CP/M Technical Forum
CUSS                  Computer Users in the Social Sciences
CVPCUG                Champlain Valley PC Users Group
DATAFLEX              Dataflex echo conference
DBASE                 Database topics, techniques, & advice.
DBRIDGE               DBRIDGE
DCJOBS                Metropolitan Washington Jobs Conference
DEAR_MARY             Gay/Lesbian Advice 'Column'.
DEVELOPE              National BBS/Mailer/Utility Developers GroupMail Conferen
DIABETES              Diabetes discussions and support
DIRTY_DOZEN           The Dirty Dozen echo
DTP                   Desktop Publishing
ECHO_REQ              Echo Requests conference
EDUCATOR              Education International Conference
ENDING-HUNGER         HUNGER Conference
ENTREPRENUER          New Business Start-Up Support
FANDOM                Science Fiction Fandom Discussions
FCC                   Radio and Data Telecommunications Regulation
FDECHO                Regarding FrontDoor, the E-mail system
FEMINISM              Feminism and Gender Issues
FIREARMS              Firearms
FLEET                 Starfleet National Echo
FLO                   For Lawyers Only GroupMail Conference
FLT_ACAD              Starfleet Academy
FLT_COMM              Starfleet Communications
FLT_OPS               Starfleet National Operations
FLT_RPG               Starfleet National Role Playing Game
FLT_TREK              Starfleet On Star Trek
FONTASY               The FONTASY Echo
GAMING                Gaming EchoConference
GAY_ADS               Gay Classifieds and want ads
GDASYSOP              Greater Danbury Area Sysop Conference
GRAPHICS              GRAPHICS (IBM)
HAM                   Ham Radio Operators' Conference (General)
HAMRADIO              National Ham Radio Enthusiasts Conference
HIKING                Hiking, Mountain Climbing, and Camping Echo
HOME-N-GARDEN         Home and Garden Echo
HOMEAUT               Home Automation Forum
HOME_REPAIR           Home Repair Echo
HPHH                  Hi-Powered (i.e. Hewlett-Packard) Hand Helds
HS                    HS
HST                   HST
HST-SALE              HST-SALE
HS_MODEMS             High Speed Modems 9600+
HYPERION              Hyperion Beyond the Gate
ICGAL                 Issues Concerning Gays and Lesbians
INTERCOOK             International cooking
INTERUSER             International forum, where borders doesn't matter
JLASER                JLASER Support Conference
JOBS                  Jobs & Employment Conference
JOBS-NOW              Current Job Openings
KIDS                  Kids International Echo Conference
KINKNET               KinkNet Adult Echos
KINSEARCH             Kinsearch Data Base
KRISHNA               Krishna conscious/Vedic topics
LAN                   Local Area Networking
LAPTOP                National Laptop Computer Discussions Conference
LASERMASTER           LaserMaster Support Conference
LASERPUB              Desktop Publishing International Conference
LIBERTY               Libertarian Politics -- Theory and Practice
LRN-NEWS              Local National Regional News
MAC_GAMES             Macintosh Entertainment/Education
MAGICKNET             Neopaganism, Witchcraft, and Magick Conference
MAINFRAME             Mainframe computers
MAPPING               MAPPING
MARTIAL_ARTS          Martial Arts Conference
MEADOW                Opus Sysop Information Echo
MEDFILES              Medical File Echo
MEDLIT                Medical Literature Echo
MENSA                 International Mensa Echo Conference
METAPHYSICAL          Neopaganism, Witchcraft, and Magick Conference--Magazine
METRO-FORUM           Metro-Forum
MICHIANA              Northern Indiana/South-Western Michigan CHIT-CHAT
MOVIES                New & Old Movies & TV discussions
MUNDANE               Neopaganism, Witchcraft, and Magick Conference--Chatter
MUZIK                 Music Discussion
MWM                   Metropolitan Washington Mensa Echo Conference
MYSTERY               Mystery books and stories
NJ-SHORE              New Jersey Shore
NLROTISS              National League Rotissere Baseball
OBJECTIV              Objectivism
OPUS                  National OPUS Sysop GroupMail Conference
OR.POLITICS           Oregon Issues and Ballot Measures
PACKET                Ham Radio Operators' Conference (Computer-based technique
PARCOM                PARish COMputing: using computers in the Church
PCB_NET               PCBoard general sysops conference.
PDP-11                DEC PDP-11 Hardware/Software Echo
PDREVIEW              Public Domain & Shareware Software Reviews
PITTNET               Pittsburgh Sysop Conference
PNWMAC                Pacific Northwest Macintosh Users Conference
POLICE                Law Enforcement Officers Nat'l Echo
POSTSCRIPT            PostScript Support Conference.
QMX_XRS               Quickpoint Mail eXpress and eXpress Response System suppo
QM_BETA               QM discussions.
QM_ECHO               QM support and discussions
QNX                   Quantum Software's QNX Operating System
QUICKBBS              QuickBBS Support
QUICKPRO              QuickBBS Sysop's ONLY Echo
R15_CHAT              Region 15 User/SySop Chat
RAINBOW               DEC RAINBOW conference for users of Digital's Personal
RECFRP                Role Playing Games
RECORDS               Music and Records Discussion
RECOVERY              Addictions recovery related discussions
REGION11              Region 11 Sysops conference
ROCKROLL              Rock & Roll Discussion GroupMail
RONDACK               Adirondack Regional Echo
SCUBA                 Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus
SEADOG                SEAdog Front-End Mailer program
SEAPUPPY              SEAdog Front-End Mailer program
SEARCHLIGHT           SearchLight BBS Owner's Echo
SEATAC                SEAssociates Technical Area Conference
SF                    Science Fiction and Fantasy Literature
SFCON                 Science Fiction Convention Organization
SFFAN                 Science Fiction and Fandom
SHAREWRE              InterNetwork Shareware Discussion Conference
SHORTWAVE             Shortwave listeners conference
SINCLAIR              Sinclair Users Unite!
SINGLES               Singles - Adult discussion for people 21+ years old
SMART                 SMARTWARE Conference
STAMPS                National Stamp Collecting GroupMail Conference
STARGAZE              Astrology Echo, How And Why
STARTREK              National Star Trek Discussions GroupMail Conference
STRATAC               Strategy & Tactics Echo
STTNG                 Star Trek: The Next Generation
SUBSPACE              Fleetnet SysOp's Echo
SYSLAW                SYSLAW
SYSOP                 Sysop National Echo Conference
SYSOP227              Net 227 Sysops conference
SYSTEM3X              National IBM Mini Computer GroupMail Conference
TALLY-NET             Tallahassee NetWork Chatter Echo
TECH                  Hardware/Software general discussion conference
TELIX                 Telix Users Information Exchange
TEXTUNES              TexTunes<tm> Music Exchange Echo
THI_CVA               Brain Injury
TH_ING                Treasure Hunting and Collecting
TI-ECHO               TI home computer discussions.
TPBOARD               TPBoard BBS Topics
TVRO                  Satellite Television Receive Only
VAX                   VAX conference for users and managers of Digital's VAX
VENTURA               Ventura Publisher Support Conference
VIDEO                 VIDEO production
VT_DEBATE             Net 325 Debate Conference
VT_GENERAL            NET 325 General Conference
VT_PROCHOICE          Net 325 Pro Choice Conference
VT_PROLIFE            Net 325 ProLife
VT_SALE               Net 325 For Sale Conference
VT_TECH               Net 325 Technical Conference
WANT_ADS              National Non-Commercial For-Sale/Want Ads Conference
WAR-ROOM              Tallahassee Network War-Room
WARGAMES              National Wargamer's GroupMail conference
WATSON                The WATSON Echo
WELMAT                Welmat Support Echo
WHO                   Dr. Who & British SF-TV
WILDRNSS              Wilderness Experience
WRITING               Writing and Publishing
ZMODEM                ZMODEM



If you are a sysop of a local bulletin board, or a prospective sysop
interested in acquiring echomail for your system, you should contact
the local Net Echomail Coordinator (NEC).  For the phone number of
the NEC and Fidonet host in your area, see the Host List above.
For more information about participating in Fidonet mail activities
leave a message with your voice number to your local Fidonet Host
Sysop.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Berlin Wall Interview
by Karsten Propper

     The Berlin wall is down, and some people will remember it more than
others will. My father is one of those people. I have interviewed him
on his feelings toward the event. His name is Peter Propper.

Karsten:  Where in Germany were you born and what side of Germany was
          it on?

Peter:  I was born in the small town of Kohlhohe. It is now under
        Polish rule. It would now be on the eastern side of the wall.
        When I was born there in 1940, it was under German
        administration. It has been administered by Poland since 1945.

Karsten:  When you lived in Germany, it was a united country, tell me
          your feelings toward the separation.

Peter:  The Berlin wall was built in 1961, and was a true indication of
        the way the Communists decided to rule that side of Germany.
        They wanted to make it perfectly clear that that part was under
        communist regime. They didn't want to let anyone out or in. The
        monumental and typical indication was the building of the wall
        in Berlin. To see this country of the Third Reich, and a
        beautiful city like Berlin, which up to 1945 had been the
        capital of Germany, to see it divided, to know about the
        families that had been ripped apart was terrible. The ones that
        couldn't make it to the west had to remain in the east. It was
        hard to commute, and was just a big hardship to deal with
        losing both the war and their family.

Karsten:  Did you have any relatives in the East? If so, how did you
          feel about being separated from them?

Peter:  I was relatively young when I came to the western side. I had
        not known them well at all, and had no emotional attachment to
        them. I knew that it had been a great-aunt and a great-uncle.
        They had not gotten to the western side in time as we had. They
        are both dead now, so I have no more relatives in the eastern
        side.

Karsten :  I would now like for you to discuss your feelings toward the
          tearing down of the wall.

Peter:  It indicates that the younger generation of the east block
        countries has been rebellious. It has indicated by their
        rebellious action that they can't take communist rule any more.
        They have mainly through exposure through the media from the
        west as to how prosperous it can be in a capitalistic country.
        The tearing down of the wall is a perpetuation that the fight
        against communism in east block countries is under way and that
        it will be a matter of time before these countries will have
        some sort of a democratic government. The tearing down of the
        wall is a big symbol to me and is like having a bunch of hands
        shake the ones of the western. It is like having found again
        long-lost friends. I think it is a matter of time before the two
        countries unite.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Review & Overview of ProDoor 3.1 of 10-08-89;
Copyright (C) 1987, 1989 Samuel H. Smith
by Ricky Morgan

                             File Transfer

     Before I get started into this months subject, let me correct an
oversight. In last months Overview I neglected to point out a couple of
important things that you should know about when working with ProDoor.
First your terminal software should be configured for ANSI support or
you're going to have some problems in dealing with ProDoor, also if you
can't display 80 columns, you may find it difficult in working with the
displays and full screen editor that ProDoor affords you. There may be
still other problems that you could run into that I'm not aware of.

     To cover my hinney even further, let me say that, the commands that
will be reviewed here are based on PCBoard (R)-Version 14.0/D and
ProDoor version 3.1 (Registered) as they exist on the Crunchy Frog BBS.
Different boards run different revisions, but most of the commands will
apply with only small variation. If you have problems in PCBoard, Help
can be obtained by paging the SySop, (!only kidding!), by typing H from
the Command prompt, and you will have access to the help menus. In
ProDoor help is as easy as typing a question mark (?) at the command
prompt.

     We all call Bulletin Board systems for different reasons, the
messages, the people, the arguments, the anonymity and certainly to get
FREE software (of course it may not always be free, as often times there
is a registration fee and this is only fair). So far I have found two
separate ways to obtain this software. The first involves developing a
relationship with a respective SySop, then visiting him in the pretense
of writing articles and while he's busy lecturing on the benefits
associated with being a SySop, you covertly suck the files out of his
computer as you suck down his food and drink; smiling all the time and
nodding appreciatively at the proper time to show you respect his
wisdom. The other way is to Download them directly from his computer to
yours over the phone lines. This way may be faster and easier but you
don't get the food and drink, plus you will have to actually Upload
files at sometime in the future, as most SySops frown heavily at file
leeches (people who download files without uploading files); this also,
in it's own way is only fair.

     If you opt out for the Download option, you will want to be able to
Download in the fastest and most efficient manner and hopefully avoid
getting duplicate files, as sometimes people will upload files, changing
the names to make them look different (it happens) and in defense of the
SySop, he does not always have the time to review each file upload as
carefully as he would like.

     All this out of the way, let's get started.

     As I have said, ProDoor supports PCBoard compatible commands; with
enhancements. Most notably ProDoor allows you to stack commands to
greater extent that PCBoard. All this says is, if you are familiar with
the command set of PCBoard, you won't have to re-learn a whole new
command set to take advantage of ProDoor.

     I had hoped to avoid an extensive Command comparison, but the
extent of commands and the diverse experience that each person has with
the BBS is going to force me into some comparisons. I'll try to keep
them short and as informative as possible without (hopefully) getting
boring.

                           (F)ile Directories
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
     This command, basically the same under ProDoor as in PCBoard,
allows you to view a listing of the files available.  After selecting
(F), a listing of the file directories available will be shown - usually
grouped by category.  To view one or more of the directory listing
files, enter the number to view.  Multiple listings can be viewed at the
same time by entering several numbers at the same time. Again stacking
the commands are acceptable under both PCBoard and ProDoor.

Subcommands:  (#) (D) (L) (N) (R) (U) (V) (Z) (NS)

              (#) the directory number to view
              (R) Re-lists the directory menu
              (U) Display Upload Directory
              (V) View contents of a compressed file
                  (Note: the (V) parameter is not always
                   available under PCBoard and if it is
                   may only support viewing file that have
                   .ARC extensions. For a better description
                   of (V) see the commands (VX) and (F V)
                   listed below.)
              (NS) displays request in non-stop mode

     So the command, F 1 2 3 NS under either will get you a non-stop
listing of file directories 1, 2, and 3.


                         (L)ocate Files by Name
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Allows you to search the file directory listings for filenames
which match those you are looking for.  You can also use valid DOS
wildcards in your filename request if you are unsure of the exact name.
Again all subcommands are supported in PCBoard and ProDoor.

Subcommands:(filename/wildcard) (A) (U) (NS)

            (filename/wildcard) is the filename to scan for
            (A) scans all available file directories
            (U) scans only the available upload file directories
            (NS) displays listing in non-stop mode

     So to find all files that begin with BTN, you could enter the
command, L BTN*.* A NS. This would search all available directories for
any file starting with BTN, with any extension (.zip, .arc, .txt, etc)
and give you a non-stop listing.

                          (N)ew Files by Date
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     This will display file listings based on a date scan of when the
file was placed on the system.  Matching files are those found which
have a date equal to or later than that requested.

Subcommands:  (date) (A) (U) (NS)

              (date) is a valid date in mmddyy format (no spaces!)
              (A) scans all file directory listings
              (U) scans only upload file directory listings
              (NS) displays output in non-stop mode

     ProDoor adds a couple of extra options here.  You may specify
directories to search, i.e., N 3 4, (which searches Directories 3 & 4)
or N S A, which will search for files new since the last time you were
on the system.

                     (Z)ippy Directory Listing Scan
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Allows entering a word or words (20 characters max) which will be
checked against all text in the directory listings for a match.  The
text you enter can be in either UPPER or lower case letters, since the
software is NOT case sensitive and will find any matching text -
regardless of the case of the letters.  Commands and subcommands, again,
are both supported in PCBoard and ProDoor.

Subcommands:  (text) (#) (A) (U) (NS)

              (text) is the text you wish to search for
              (#) is any valid directory number
              (A) scans all directory listings for the text input
              (U) scans only the upload directory(s) for the text
              (NS) displays screen output in non-stop mode

     As you exercise the above commands and become familiar with their
operations, you will, no doubt, locate a file that you would like to
download. From past experience with downloading files from BBS's there
are two commands that, I think, are well worth getting very familiar
with. For example, you locate a good game, that from description, sounds
like something you would like to have. You Download it, unarchive it or
unzip it, what ever, and run the program only to find that you already
have a copy of the same program that you got off another board; under a
different name. Crying to the SySop that you want your download credits
back probably ain't going to get it. The way to avoid this problem is to
use either of the following commands.


                  (F V)iew-File View and Extract (optional)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Available under ProDoor only, this allows you to list contents of
any ZIP file and optionally view the text files without downloading.  It
is also possible to "extract" parts of a ZIP file into FROGS1.ZIP (this
is a system defined name for the file you build and will vary from
system to system) for downloading.  If you View a file, or extract parts
into the system file for downloading the file will automatically be
flagged for downloading and will stay with you until you download it or
exit ProDoor. An example of usage would be:

     F;V;file (file=name of file you wish to view)

     This will give a verbose listing of component files within
file.ZIP. The system will them prompt you for text viewing or extraction
of component files. In short you can now unarchive the files on-line,
view the associated text file (generally Documentation files) and get a
good idea about what it is you are downloading. No more Russian roulette
with file transfer.


             (VX)quick Quick view/extract ZIP file contents
------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Much the same as F V function this will allow you to view the text
files in an ZIP file without downloading.  It is also possible to
"extract" parts of a ZIP file into FROGS1.ZIP for downloading. Usage
would be:

     VX file (file=name of file you wish to view)

This will skip the verbose listing and goes directly to text view and
extract function.

     Let me clarify 'Extract' at this point. You may, under ProDoor
using the (F V) or (VX) functions, extract selected files from the files
that have been compressed. Lets say that you want to download a program
that has lengthy document files archived with it. You're the
adventuresome type and you don't want to waste download credits getting
something as mundane as document files explaining the operation of the
program. With (F V) or (VX), if done properly, you may move selected
files into a system temporary file for downloading later. In other
words, it allows you to get only the files you want from within an
archive. ( I don't recommend downloading the programs without the
Doc.'s. I simply used this as an example.) This lead us up to the next
command available under ProDoor.


                    (REPACK) Files for compression.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Re-pack ZIP file with maximum compression.  This selection will
re-compress a selected ZIP file and store the result in FROGS1.ZIP. Not
all uploaded file are packed or archived with maximum compression. Using
this will allow you to squeeze every byte possible to save on those
download ratio's.

     Also, if you don't use the archive utility that the file is saved
under, you can specify an alternate format to convert files to a format
you can use.

Examples:
       REPACK TPC14.ARC LZH    ;convert .ARC to .LZH format
       REPACK PRODOR30.ZIP ZOO ;convert .ZIP to .ZOO format

     Currently The Crunchy Frog will support, extraction, viewing and
repacking between ZIP, ARC and LZH formats. You should check with the
system you use most to determine which formats are supported.


                          (TEST) zip validity
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     If you are worried that the file you want may be corrupted or if
you attempted to download it and couldn't, or you did download it and
the program doesn't work, you may want to try Test. It will test the
validity of a ZIP file. This ONLY tests the integrity of the ZIP archive
function. It doesn't test for viruses or defective files compressed as
such. It will merely assure you that the file you are trying to get was
compressed properly.

           Usage is:

               TEST Filename

     The system will test the integrity and report to you of any
problems encountered.

     I've covered a lot of territory and all we've talked about so far
is looking at files and determining if you want them. By now you're
probably thinking, 'Wasn't this article supposed to be about File
Transfer?'

     Yes it was (and is) and now I'm getting into Uploading and
Downloading; but first....

     We know how to locate files and manipulate them so that we are sure
it is the file we want. Now we Download, right? Nope, you have to tell
the system with protocol you want to use. HUH? This is a review of
ProDoor and not transfer protocols so all I will say about the subject
of protocol is this...your system's protocol must match the system's
protocol that you're calling or else it won't work. *(I'll leave a
review of protocols to more competent people.)

     *Editor's Note:  See BTN002, BTN013, and BTN015 for excellent
     coverage of the various transfer protocols.mm

                          (T)able of protocols
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     This command lists the protocol driver program command lines used
to implement the various protocols.  The estimated efficiency of each
protocol is included in this report. These are SySop selectable so your
system may list different ones. ProDoor itself can support up to 100
different protocols. Because of size I'm cutting out the command line
for each, as it's not needed in this context.

   Transmit Zmodem Batch.  (90%)
   Transmit Zmodem Batch (PCP).  (85%)
   Transmit Zmodem Resume Aborted D/L.  (90%)
   Transmit Ymodem Batch.  (88%)
   Transmit Xmodem-1K (Old Ymodem).  (88%)
   Transmit Slow Xmodem/CRC.  (80%)
   Transmit Slow Kermit Batch.  (60%)
   Transmit Window Xmodem.  (88%)
   Transmit Qmodem-1K-G (Full flow).  (95%, MNP)
   Transmit Ymodem-G (registered dsz only).  (95%, MNP)
   Receive Zmodem Batch.  (90%)
   Receive Ymodem Batch.  (88%)
   Receive Xmodem-1K (Old Ymodem).  (88%)
   Receive Slow Xmodem/CRC.  (80%)
   Receive Slow Kermit Batch.  (60%)
   Receive Window Xmodem.  (88%)
   Receive Xmodem-1k-G (full flow).  (95%, MNP)
   Receive Ymodem-G (registered DSZ only).  (95%, MNP)

     Just for the sake of comparison; let's look at the protocols
available under PCBoard.

PCBoard selectable Protocols:

   (A) Ascii (Non-Binary)
   (C) Xmodem-CRC (CRC)
   (F) 1K-Xmodem-G (Full flow)
   (G) Ymodem-G (DOOR 1 only)
   (O) 1K-Xmodem (Old Ymodem)
   (X) Xmodem (Checksum)
   (Y) Ymodem Batch (DOOR 1 only)
   (Z) Zmodem (DOOR 1 for batch transfers)
   (N) None

     You will notice that even from PCBoard, the SySop has chosen to
restrict the use of Ymodem-G, Ymodem Batch and *Zmodem to DOOR 1, which
is ProDoor. This leaves you with only ASCII (only good for text
transfer), Xmodem-CRC, 1k-Xmodem-G, 1K-Xmodem, and Xmodem to choose
from; all good protocols, but in the ever changing world of BBS
communications, not the best or fastest.

     *Editor's Note:  Crunchy Frog does allow Zmodem from PCBoard but
     only for single file transfers.mm

     I'm not trying to take pot-shots at PCBoard here, it is a very good
program; PCBoard supports up to 26 different protocols and is extending
the list with each new release. The object is ProDoor offers more.

     Once you've told the system what protocol to use you can start
downloading. ProDoor will step you through the transfer or you can stack
the commands.

                           (D)ownload file(s)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     "Downloading" refers to moving files from the system you're calling
to your system. You can also "stack" (S)tart or (G)oodbye after the last
filename to immediately start the transfer.

            Examples:
               D Filename            ;download file, you will be
                                      prompted if further info is
                                      needed.
               D Z Filename          ;Download using Zmodem protocol
               D filename S          ;immediately start download of files
               D file1 file2 G       ;immediately start d/l of files,
                                      goodbye at end


                            (U)pload file(s)
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
     Move files between your system and the board that you are calling.

            Examples:
               U filename              ;upload file, you will be
                                        prompted for further info.
               U Z file1 file2         ;upload using Zmodem

     It's really simple once you get the hang of it. I have (in the
interest of length), tried to keep this short but I see it hasn't
worked. The best advice I can give you at this point is try the commands
for yourself and see what happens. I think you'll find that the more you
use ProDoor the more you'll like it.

     Next month I'll try to cover the Message Utilities.

ProDoor 3.1 Copyright (C) 1987,1989 Samuel H. Smith.

PCBoard is a registered trademark of Clark Development Company.
---
 * Via ProDoor 3.1R

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

PRO FILE
by Chris Mohney

The Pro File is a short, half-serious biographical sketch given to
various computer telecommunications personalities around Birmingham.
Victims are selected randomly from a group of names put into the
notorious Hat.  Anyone who thinks himself brave or witty enough may
petition for admittance to the Hat by leaving E-Mail to me (Chris
Mohney, most boards around town) to that effect.  Anyone who wishes to
suggest more questions or sneakily nominate someone without their
knowledge may take the same route ....

---------

       Pro File on  RANDY HILLIARD

---------

Age:  35

Birthplace:  Birmingham, Al

Occupation:  Industrial HVAC serviceman

My hobbies include:  Computers, motorcycles, reading, writing, & sex as
                     an art form.

Years telecomputing:  3 1/2

Sysop, past/present/future of:  Channel 8250

My oddest habit is:  Co-editing this rag.

My greatest unfulfilled ambition is:  Becoming a wealthy philanthropist

The single accomplishment of which I am most proud is:
     Illegal in at least 5 backward states.

My favorite performers are:  Boston, Kansas, Heart, Linda Lovelace

The last good movie I saw was:  Dream A Little Dream

The last good book I read was:  Bawdy Babes & Lusty Lasses

If they were making a movie of my life, I'd like to see my part played by:
     Silverlock

My pet peeves are:  People in check-out lines who wait till the cashier
                    rings their purchase up and then look like "What! I
                    have to pay for this? Well, let me find my wallet."
                    Have your money ready, geez.

When nobody's looking, I like to:  Write sordid tales of demented
                                   adventure.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Amiga On The Loose
by Richard Foshee
(C) 1989
Focus On:  Multitasking

NOTE: I am not an expert on the Amiga, this is just information as it
has been explained to me, any error's are apologized for, but feel free
to correct me.. (Perhaps in your own BTN article?)

     Recently Kelly Rosato scribbled into text the toutings of various
multitasking programs, and options of multitasking with the IBM systems.
So I thought that I'd follow the wagon and see if I couldn't describe
how the Amiga's multitasking operating system does its wonders. And with
that said, the hard part begins.

     The entire line of Amiga computers use as it's main processor, the
Motorola 68000 (With the exception of the Amiga 2500, which uses the
Motorola 68020). However in the game of multitasking, the main processor
has little to do with it, since the Amiga's are blessed with four
extremely important custom chips. Three of these chips are the Agnus,
Denise, and Paula chips. The Agnus chip is the one that assumes control
over most of the machines graphic work, although all of the three custom
chips have some graphic functions to perform. The Agnus chip receives
information from the 68000 chip, then takes total control of rendering
all graphic work, while the 68000 remains free to do whatever else is
asked of it. I mentioned earlier that the Amiga has four custom chips,
this is somewhat of an inaccuracy, but the machine does have a fourth
chip that plays a HUGE graphic role, and this is a Blitter chip (Which
lot's of other companies are scrambling to put into their machines). The
Blitter chip helps the Agnus chip tremendously in all graphic functions.

     But enough of the custom chips, this article is about
multitasking, right? All other computers that use some sort of
multitasking routines, rely on some sort of software, I.E. Widows, or
Desqview. (Although new operating systems for the IBM now have
multitasking built in, I.E. Unix).

     The Amiga was designed from the beginning to be a multitasking
machine, and to be upwardly compatible with newer Motorola CPU chips.
Once the CPU receives information to perform a task, it sends this
information to whichever custom chip is responsible for performing that
task, then the CPU has nothing left to do. It (The cpu) get's onto the
system bus, sends the information to its custom chips, then get's off
the bus, and can then perform other tasks.

     Unlike some of the multitasking programs for other machines, the
Amiga's style of multitasking let's all programs run concurrently. So
there is no program 'pausing' while it does a single task. All programs
that are loaded into the Amiga, are assigned a priority (Which is user
changeable from -127 up to 128 (128 being the highest possible
priority)). All programs are then processed in accordance to their
priority, although this might lead someone to believe that the lower
priority programs might be held, this is not the case, the priorities
simply tell the machine which programs to give MORE attention to, the
programs with lower priorities would still be running, albeit a bit more
slowly. Unless otherwise specified, all programs that are loaded, will
have their priority assigned at 0, which would make all programs receive
equal time from the machine.  Personally, I have a disk with all kinds
of programs that I use a lot, or are helpful to me, this disk
automatically runs a total of 14 programs, from its startup-sequence
(IBM equivalent AUTOEXEC). Some of the programs that are run are, a
Virus Checker, a Mouse Accelerator, a Shell program, a Disk Buffering
program, and a great variety of other programs that perform specific
functions. All of them run at 'Full Speed', as if they were on a single
tasking machine, with little or no slow down. The Amiga is capable of
running as many programs simultaneously, as it has available memory.
While Bill Gates (Chairman of MicroSoft) says that "True multitasking
won't work in a 1MB system" he fails to say that the Amiga is capable of
multitasking in FAR LESS memory, or that his own companies program
"Amiga Basic" will also multitask admirably with extremely low memory
requirements. Multitasking on a 256K Amiga, is QUITE possible, and runs
very well. He was of course talking about OS/2, which takes more memory
to load itself into, than most Amiga users have ever DREAMED of owning.
And while Apple is currently working a a 'great' new operating system
for their 680x0 based machine(s), guess what is missing, MULTITASKING,
although we all know how impossible is it to multitask the Motorola
680x0 chips, don't we, to bad no one told Commodore. Anyway, I've gone
on long enough, and have probably not explained this very well, but if
you have any further questions please fell free to ask (Corrections are
also accepted!).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Is There A Dark Contagion?
by Percy Peabody

Foreword:

     The opinions expressed within this article are not necessarily the
views of the editors of, nor of any of the other contributors to the BTN
newsletter.  They are my own opinions,and shall remain so, and due to
the possibly volatile nature of the content, I will remain anonymous as
did the author of the original article which inspired this one.  The
concept of this article is excerpted from the article entitled DARK
CONTAGION in the December issue of PC Computing Magazine, so I can only
give credit to the pseudonym of Peter Stills for any quotations I may
make from the article.

     While looking through the latest issue of PC Computing, browsing
through the reviews of the new 486 machines which were the headliners, a
very large and bold title caught my eye, which was DARK CONTAGION, under
which there was a youth clad in a dark flight jacket, donning a ball cap
on a nearly shaven head, and the Swastika emblem affixed to the lapel of
the jacket.  Then I read the red subtitle which read "Bigotry and
Violence Online." Being caught somewhat off guard by this, I gave it a
better look to see to see what this was all about.

     Basically, the article was an expose' on the use of BBS's for the
cause of recruiting membership in and actually planning activities of
such radical right groups as the Skin Heads, the KKK, W.A.R. (White
Aryan Resistance), the Neo-Nazis, just to name a few.  It went on to
describe the linking of such activities to the deaths of three youths in
Bethesda, Maryland last December from accidental explosion of a homemade
bomb, the recipe for which the youths obtained from such a board, and
the announcement of "purges" and beatings and killings, and for the
multi-node systems, the logging of chat activities where membership was
actually encouraged to beat the homeless with baseball bats rather than
set their clothing afire.

     Essentially, the article was almost praise to the technical
advancement of such groups, and the education of the users of such
systems of the limitations of the law, yet at the same time pointed to
the handicaps of the FBI in the investigation of the cases related to
propagation of dissent via the electronic systems thanks to the
Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986, and the Wire Tap Act of
1968.  Point blank, if a message is earmarked as private, then it cannot
be used as evidence against the sender or receiver in criminal cases,
and according to the Wire Tap Act, interception of such private mail
requires a court order for wire tap for it to be classified as evidence
in a case.  Of course, in the case of having a court order to wire tap
someone's private phone, the lessor of the line must be notified of the
tap, so there goes the good stuff.

     The article stated that the majority of the activity was done under
assumed names anyway, so how is the FBI to trace the"handle" to an
actual person? With the recent uproar in the use of, versus the
disallowing of, handles on the local BBS's, it roused my curiosity.  Is
there some ulterior motive for the use of handles in the Magic City? Is
this scourge of a favorite pastime of mine closer to home than I like
to think? Now some like to consider the BBS a harmless hobby, and the
means for enrichment of one's software library with programming donated
as public domain and/or shareware. How harmless is this hobby if it is
the means of distribution of propaganda for racism, or the shareware
happens to be the recipe for car bombs? How harmless is it if it is
instruction on the proper application of a baseball bat to make sure the
skull is properly split on the first blow?

     Leonard Zeskind, research director for the Center for Democratic
Renewal, dubbed the white supremacist techno-junkies as "a Klan without
robes" and that the "electronic networks represent a high-tech twist on
the early white-sheet days of the Ku Klux Klan."

     When in high school, I prepared a term paper on the KKK based on
historical research, the origin of which had nothing to do with racism.
The origins of the KKK was actually a college fraternity, here in the
south in an unnamed town, which was founded shortly after the Civil War,
whose primary goal was to thwart the Carpetbaggers' derogating of the
Southern State's inhabitants.  It was twisted to secretive racism in the
20's,long after the demise of the Carpetbagger's day, by the
disagreement with the new federal laws imposed granting more rights to
Blacks in the South.  The primary activity was in the larger cities of
the South, but soon spread to the rural areas by the increase in
membership in the Klan, and the essentially unchecked placement of
members in higher ranking political positions.  Not until the sixties,
would the real awareness of this problem come to an explosive head, and
be realized by the riots and demonstrations, and ultimately the forced
integration of schools.  I remember these times well, being escorted
home from grammar school by armed police, and nightfall curfews.

     A lot of concern is expressed on the abuse of drugs and abortion
rights, but I think there is a more impending doom looming over the
heads of our society, related closely to the recent increases in youth
crime and racist activity.  Organizations such as the SkinHeads are now
boasting national memberships of 3500+, and growing, and now have the
technology to schedule "social events" nationwide within a day's time
via the use of networking software and private BBS's.

     Are we again returning to those times of violence, with better,more
sophisticated information systems, which also includes the hacking of
police computers, gaining access to schedules of police activity on
certain cases, therefore, forewarning of nearing threat to the movement?
Is there really a DARK CONTAGION worse than any software virus ever
dreamed of being?

     To me, this is clearly a shadow on the BBS community as I know it,
and it really disturbs me to think that perhaps some of the people
behind handles in our telecomputing community may indeed be SkinHeads or
Neo-Nazis. Back boards, secured conferences,limited access due to
obscure reasons, leave considerable doubt as to the intentions of the
operation of a Bulletin Board Service. Locally, we have a network which
can spread a single message across some 15 services in the Birmingham
area overnight. This linked with some of those 15 services also using
national nets will add another day to the propagation of a coded
announcement, so if I wanted to alert someone in Washington, DC of the
upcoming "party," then I have only 4 days to wait for a reply at the
outside, unless I log on to the particular board carrying the national
net, in which case, I have only 2 days wait if the receiving party is
monitoring for mail from me.  I do hope the System Operators of the
boards running the national nets do not think I am pointing any fingers,
as I have seen nothing that indicates such activity, but then again,
would anyone be so bold as to participate in this type of activity on a
board that is not known to be secured? And can I really see all of what
is going on behind the scenes, meaning is there a door to a back board
for the membership of such groups on some of the local BBS's? I don't
know, and don't really want to. The intent of this article is not to
stain national nets or the systems that carry them, merely to ask
questions that have arisen in my mind since reading that article.

     I have personally met persons of many creeds, moral beliefs, and
religious choices, and have yet to see anything out of the ordinary
along the lines of white supremacy or racism of any sort. I hope this is
because it just isn't here, and that I have a well founded hope and
faith in the local systems to be free of this sort of bigotry and
hatred.  But after reading that article, it begins to make me wonder if
I am living in some sort of a pipe dream that this type of activity has
not infested the telecomputing community in Birmingham.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Insights:  A Modest Proposal
by Ron Albright

     I remember my first computer with almost (operative word "almost")
the same sense of excitement that I did my first kiss or my
first...well, car. It was June, 1981. In the early stages of the "Home
Computer Price Wars."

     It was a terrific time for new computer buyers. The "Home Computer"
was the watchword and the major players in this low-end market were
Texas Instruments, Commodore, Timex-Sinclair, and Atari. I have
purposefully excluded IBM and Apple whose products were well outside the
price range of the casual enthusiast. The major products were the TI
99/4A, the Commodore 64 and VIC-20, the Timex- Sinclair Z80, and the
Atari 400 and, later, 800.

     I went to a local Service Merchandise store, like millions of other
parents with the idea I was going to get something to help educate the
kiddies on what was surely to be the "Wave of the Future," computer
literacy. What I really was after was a computer for me. I was seduced
by the idea that a computer would somehow make my life easier and more
fun. After some teeth-gnashing and second guessing, I bought the TI
machine - at $329, the 16K silver-and- black console had it "all." I
wasn't at all sure what it "all" was, but the ads featuring Bill Cosby
confirmed that the 99/4A did, and that was good enough for me. I plunked
the money, bought a couple of cartridges (one for the kids - "Munchman,"
a PacMan clone) and one for me ("Tax and Investment Record Keeping"). I
was told I needed a disk drive, so I dropped another $500 or so for
that. I was ready for an adventure that has yet to end. After convincing
my wife that it was "for the kids," I proceeded to lock the door to my
office and began learning about "computing."

     I bring all this up now because I think we all owe so much to these
pioneering little machines. I know I do. Probably many of you started
with one machine and have since moved up and on to another, more
powerful model. The little TI (which I eventually and over the course of
the next 4 years must have spent $2500 expanding with modems, RS232
interfaces, printers, memory expansion, and software) taught me 90% of
what I now know about computers. When I upgraded to an IBM clone in
1986, the knowledge I had come by using the /4A stood me well in this
new genre of machines. I thought I was use a few axioms carried on with
me from the TI to show you just what these "Classic Computers" have left
us.

1. Computers seldom die; they just get unplugged. The very same
   console I bought in 1981 is still running. Plug it in and it lights
   up and computes just as well as it did when I popped open the box.
   Sure, I have replaced the keyboard (the keys started sticking and
   displaying 20 "A"'s when I only wanted one), but nary a chip,
   solder, or diode has faulted.

2. Computers are not terribly fragile. I learned early on, not to be
   intimidated by computers. Since I could get a replacement for the TI
   for $25 when they went out of production, I got more and more brave
   when it came to "pooping the hood" and taking a look. I installed
   cards, hot-wired cables and modems, and replaced keyboards without a
   bead of sweat. When I got my new, shiny IBM, I never lost the
   hacker's mentality. When others, new to computers, got their IBM's,
   they hired "experts" to install boards for them, and paid exorbitant
   prices for cables and memory upgrades. A whole new industry arose.
   Since I had cut my teeth on a pioneer, I simply kept doing on my
   $2500 monster what I was doing on my $25 bargain- basement TI. I
   would hesitate to guess how much money I have saved by being a
   "pioneer" (you know, the ones you pass on the trail of computing
   lying at the side of the road with arrows in their back?). I owe it
   all to the TI.

3. Basics are basics; concepts are concepts. The (now) rudimentary
   editor that I used with the TI taught me all the basic of word
   processing. I mean, folks, there are only a few ways you can cut-
   and-paste, block-copy/move, set margins, etc. When I stepped over to
   WordPerfect, what I carried with me from "TI-dom" allowed me to
   start a quantum leap ahead of the new computerists. Ditto for
   spreadsheets, databases, and telecommunications. Power and speed may
   change, but concepts do not.

     With these tenets in mind, I think I have a solution to the problem
of computers in the schools. We all know there are too few and we all
know it is due to cost constraints. In most U.S. schools, there are
20-30 students per computer. If the students are lucky enough, they get
an hour or two per week on the keyboard. We know that is not enough but
can't afford to improve it.

     Why don't we try this: Given that

A. Computing is computing - regardless of the brand name stamped on the
   cover, and that

B. Basic software concepts are constants (how to do the functions are
   not but are not related to the computer, themselves), and

C. Computers are hardy devices that will, with a modicum of care, last
   probably a decade, then:

     Why don't we start a program to revive the "orphan" (defined as out
of production) computers of the world? Let's start PTA-driven drives to
ferret out these closeted classics and move them into the schools where
they belong. Let's make PTA membership dues payable by donating a
computer - any computer - to the school. The owners will get a tax
write-off and the schools will get a warm CPU. Let's get the children
out in the neighborhoods - not selling Christmas wrapping paper or candy
- but asking people to go into their attics and resuscitate their old
computers for their local schools. Let's plug these up all over the
classrooms and turn the kids loose on them. Instead of "Computer Labs" -
a sequestered, hallowed hall where all the school's computer lay
enshrined (and unused) - let's have them all along the walls of every
classroom. Plugged in and ready to roll. Lay a few software packages
(probably cartridges and an occasional cassette tape), and Viola!

     Purists will argue that this will never work. A teacher cannot be
expected to know the idiosyncrasies of a dozen different brands of
computers and can never teach the class to use such a potpourri of OS's.
I say, correct! Why try? I tell you what I think. If you have the
computers around, have them plugged in and give the students time to use
them, the teacher can sit back and watch. The children will become
expert in no time. They will teach each other. Ever try to learn a
Nintendo game? How to jump, shoot, dodge, find secret doors, etc. I
never can. But give one to one of my 9 year old twins, and within 30
minutes they are on board number 12 and racking up points in the high 6
figures. Children approach computers differently. we want to know "why"
- they only need to know "how." They find out by trial and error and
move on....and on, and on. Computers are not barriers to them. They are
fun and they are tools.

     How many computer classes have ever taken a computer apart? I dare
say, probably few. With the lil' orphans, they can whip out a Phillips
head and go at it. Find out what makes them tick. What's the harm?

     I think it will work. I think it's an idea so simple that it's been
overlooked for much too long. With millions of TI's and VIC-20's, Coleco
ADAM's, and Sinclair's stored in the attics and closets of America,
there are plenty to get the classrooms up to speed in no time. I think
it's time we started. I have a TI 99/4A I'll donate today. I'll keep the
other two for the twins. What about you?

For comments:

CompuServe 75166,2473                  Ron Albright
GEnie RALBRIGHT                        1160 Huffman Road
DELPHI INFOINC                         Birmingham, AL 35215
MCI MAIL RALBRIGHT

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

A Look Into The Twilight Zone
by Richard Kushner, Jacksonville Atari Computer Group
via ST Report, downloaded from Delphi.


  EDITOR: I can't publish this article.  It is much too outlandish for
          anyone to believe.

  AUTHOR: Well, how about if I make it sound like a fairy tale ?

  EDITOR: We could try that.  But, really, it's so far beyond belief,
          that even as a fable it strains all credibility.

  AUTHOR: Yeah, I know.  Too bad it's all true.


                     This is a fantasy... Pure Fantasy!
                     ----------------------------------

     Once upon a time there was a widget maker named Nelson  Brindell.
     He  loved  to  tinker  and,  from time to time, managed to invent
     something that someone was interested in  selling  (and  buying).
     One  day  he  invented  a widget that hooked to the Video Box, so
     that people could play games on the Box.   And  people  liked  it
     very much, and made Nelson a wealthy man.  So successful was Nel-
     son that, as it often happens, a large company (in this case, the
     Wilson Sisters company) offered him lots of money to buy his com-
     pany.  And he sold it and went off to invent more widgets  (even-
     tually producing ones that walked, talked, and even made pizza).

     Now the Wilson Sisters had an idea that they could capitalize  on
     Nelson's  work  to make his widget into a product to compete with
     the Avocado, a well known character manipulation device  invented
     by  those  famous  brothers Stephen, Woz, and their other brother
     Darrel.  And they named their device  Katanga,  a  Sanskrit  word
     having  no English equivalent.  And many grew to love and support
     the Katanga and heap abuse upon the Avocado  and  its  ilk.   And
     people liked the Katanga very much and all was well.

     For a while, at least.  For on the other side of town the Admiral
     Tool  and  Die  Company, headed by John Trample, thought it could
     use its cunning methods for cutting corners to  make  an  Admiral
     device that would do everything the Katanga and Avocado could do,
     but at half the price.  And they proceeded to do just  that,  and
     mayhem  descended upon the world of widgets, with prices dropping
     faster than... well, faster than just about  anything  you  could
     imagine.  And  many  grew to love the Admiral and heap abuse upon
     the Katanga (not to mention the Avocado).

     Now pay attention, because the story gets very confusing at  this
     point.  So  confusing,  that  if this were a soap opera, the next
     paragraph would take at least six months to tell.   (Diagrams  of
     all  the  moves  and counter moves are available upon written re-
     quest and payment of a $5.00 handling fee).

     Ray Major, who dreamed up the Katanga, left  Wilson  Sisters  and
     invented a better Katanga, which he called the Freundlich.  While
     he was doing this, John Trample left Admiral T&D  (claiming  that
     the state of Pennsylvania was not big enough for all of his fami-
     ly) and bought the Katanga from the Wilson Sisters... lock, stock
     and barrel (a move applauded by the Wilson Sisters, who wanted to
     get back to their first love, vaudeville).  Hiring  the  designer
     of  the  Admiral,  Hashnish  Shirka, (by luring him away from his
     former company), Trample set out to build a  better  widget,  the
     Super Katanga.  Not to be outdone, Admiral T&D hired good old Ray
     Major and his Freundlich to do battle  from  their  side  of  the
     city.

     And so you are faced  with  the  totally  implausible  situation,
     where  lovers of the Katanga now support the Super Katanga, which
     actually comes from the Admiral T&D Company, and  the  lovers  of
     the  Admiral now gather around the Freundlich, even though it ac-
     tually comes from the Katanga Company (by the way of  the  Wilson
     Sisters,  who, by the way, opened at the Atlantis Casino in early
     March, to rave reviews).  If you are still with me, I have a pro-
     position  for you, that concerns a certain bridge that is rumored
     to be for sale...


  EDITOR: I'm really sorry.  I've read the article over and it stretches
          logic too far.

  AUTHOR: Gee, it is, after all, the August issue and maybe you can pass
          it off as a spoof ?

  EDITOR: As an Author, you know there must be an element of truth in
          satire, or it fails.

  AUTHOR: But Sir, the story is true, only the names have been changed to
          protect the innocent.

  EDITOR: Gimme a break.  Do you think I was born yesterday?  Why not
          see if MAD Magazine is interested?  Just go away and leave me
          alone !

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Book Review
Karsten Propper

     In my last report I wrote that for this review, I would analyze the
book "Prison Ship". The book was so badly written that I never even
finished it. I've decided to do a different book instead. The book that
I will analyze is "The Seventh Swan" by Nicholas Stuart Gray.

     The story is actually a continuation of a Grimm fairy tale. The
tale tells about how seven brothers are turned into swans by an evil
spell. The only way for them to be changed back is by their sister
weaving a special shirt for them. She runs out of cloth and the last
shirt lacks a sleeve. So at the end of the tale, one brother is left
with a right arm and a left swans wing. The book tells of his adventures
afterward.

     The beginning of the book starts with a big dance. One specific boy
has a heavy plaid draped around his left arm. He overhears the whispers
about his wing, and runs out of the room crying and ashamed. This boy is
Alasdair.

     You are then introduced to Ewen, his personal bodyguard. He is used
to the crying and moaning that comes from Alasdair, and has learned to
put up with it.

     Fenella, his dance partner, is angry with Alasdair, and runs up to
his room. You are then introduced to a bard, who was also a magician. He
is a hunchback. He tells Fenella that the only way to save Alasdair is
to go to a special well and call on the Bocan, a repulsive monster who
owns the area.

     The attempt bombs out, and Fenella is turned to a toad by the
Bocan. only way to release her from the spell was for Alasdair to
recognize her with- out being told specifically who she is. This signals
on a chain of events that end up with Fenella being half changed, having
a toad's head, but a woman's body.

     To change her to a normal head, true love must be seen in her by
Alasdair or Ewen. Ewen finds it first, half converting her to a cross
between a regular head and a toad's. At the end of the story, true love
is found at last by Alasdair with the following remark.

     "If you had ten heads, all hideous, you would still be my Fenella."

     I really liked the book. It was well written, and has many humorous
parts in it. I liked the idea of continuing a fairy tale, which is one
of the reasons I bought it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message Board
by Barry Bowden


                             JANUARY 1990

                         S  M  T  W  T  F  S
                            1  2  3  4  5  6
                         7  8  9 10 11 12 13
                        14 15 16 17 18 19 20
                        22 22 23 24 25 26 27
                        28 29 30 31


January 1 New Year's Day
January 6  FAOUG
January 7  BIPUG
January 8  BACE
January 9  CCS (C64/C128)
January 13 Birmingham Apple Corps
January 14 BCCC
January 15 BEPCUG
January 16 CADUB
           Martin Luther King's B-Day
January 18 CCS (Amiga)
January 23 CCS (C64/C128)
January 28 BCCC

BEPCUG                              CCS
Birmingham East PC Users Group      Commodore Club South
Jefferson Sate Jr. College          Springville Road Library
Ruby Carson Hall, Rm 114            2nd & 4th Tuesday (C64/C128)
3rd Friday, 7-9 PM                  3rd Monday (Amiga)
Paula Ballard 251-6058 (after 5PM)  7:30-10 PM
                                    Maurice Lovelady 684-6843

BCCC                                BIPUG
Birmingham Commodore Computer Club  Birmingham IBM-PC Users Group
POB 59564                           UAB Nutrition Science Blg
Birmingham, Al 35259                RM 535/541
UAB School of Education, Rm 153     1st Sunday (delayed one week
2nd and 4th Sundays, 2 PM              if meeting is a holiday)
Rusty Hargett 854-5172              Marty Schulman 967-5883

BACE                                FAOUG
Birmingham Atari Computer           First Alabama Osborne Users
Enthusiast                          Group
Vestavia Library, downstairs        Homewood Library
2nd Monday, 7 PM                    1st Saturday, 1PM
Benny Brown 822-5059                Ed Purquez 669-5200

CADUB                               Birmingham Apple Corps
CAD Users of Birmingham             Homewood Library
Homewood Library                    10 Office Park
3rd Tuesday, 6:30PM-8:30PM          Mountain Brook
Bobby Benson 791-0426               2nd Saturday, 10:30 AM
                                    Informal get together every
                                    Saturday, Kopper Kettle,
                                    Brookwood Village at 9 AM
                                    J. Jenkins 823-1968

     If you belong to or know of a user group that is not listed,
please let me know by sending E-Mail to me thru EzNet or on The Bus
System BBS. Please leave the group name and a contact person/phone
number.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Known BBS Numbers For The Birmingham Area

NAME                       NUMBER     BAUD RATES SUPPORTED   MODEM TYPE

*American BBS              674-1851   300, 1200, 2400
*Bus System BBS            595-1627   300, 1200, 2400
*Byte Me                   979-2983        1200, 2400
Cat House                  854-5907   300, 1200, 2400
*Channel 8250              744-8546   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
*Crunchy Frog              956-1755   300, 1200, 2400
D3 Systems BBS             663-2759   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
+Duck Pond BBS             822-0956   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
Elite Fleet                853-1257   300, 1200, 2400
Gizmo's Atari BBS          854-0698   300, 1200, 2400
+I.S.A. BBS                995-6590   300, 1200, 2400
*Joker's Castle            744-6120   300, 1200, 2400
*Little Kingdom            823-9175   300, 1200, 2400
LZ Birmingham              870-7770   300, 1200, 2400
*Magnolia BBS              854-6407   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
Penny Arcade               226-1841   300, 1200, 2400
ProSoft Systems BBS        853-8718   300, 1200, 2400
Role Player's Paradise     631-7654   300, 1200, 2400
Shadetree BBS              787-6723   300, 1200, 2400
Sperry BBS                 853-6144   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  Hayes
*ST BBS                    836-9311   300, 1200, 2400
The Connection Node 1      854-9074        1200, 2400
The Connection Node 2      854-2308        1200, 2400
The Islands BBS            870-7776   300, 1200, 2400
The Matrix Nodes 1-4       323-2016   300, 1200, 2400
The Matrix Node 5          251-2344   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
The Outer Limits           969-3262        1200, 2400, 9600  HST
*The Professional's Board  856-0679   300, 1200, 2400
Twilight Zone              856-3783   300, 1200
Willie's DYM Node 1        979-1629   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's DYM Node 2        979-7739   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's RBBS              979-7743   300, 1200, 2400
Ziggy Unaxess              991-5696   300, 1200

Boards with a "*" before their name are members of our local network,
EzNet, and public messages left in the EzNet Conferences of any of these
boards will be echoed to all members.

Boards with a "+" before their name are members of FidoNet, an
international network that provides a variety of public forums as well
as private mail services all over the world.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

EzNet Multiple Echo List

     EzNet now supports multiple conference echoing but there are a few
things you should be aware of regarding private mail.

  A. You have one 'address' for private mail.  If you are registered for
     private mail on Channel 8250 and someone sends you a private
     message in the Writers conference from Crunchy Frog it will wind
     up in the Writers conference on Channel 8250 as it should.

     However, if you were registered for private mail on Magnolia and
     someone sends you a private message in a conference that Magnolia
     does not support (echo) then the message will wind up in the
     twilight zone.

  B. If you go by a handle on one BBS and your real name on another even
     if the private message goes where it is supposed to, you will not
     be able to read it because it is addressed to someone else as far
     as PC Board is concerned.  PC Board has no way of knowing that Red
     Foxx and John Doe are the same person. No tickee, no washee.

     Advice on sending private mail: If you don't know if the person you
are sending private mail to is registered for private mail then keep a
copy of the message in case you have to find an alternate route. EzNet
Central will delete your private, undelivered message and inform you
that the user you attempted to reach is not registered for private mail
on any EzNet Node.

     This is a list of the current echoes that I am aware of.  More are
in the making and will be posted in future issues.  If you are a sysop
and are running an echo not listed for your board, please make us aware
of it so we may correct it next issue.


                    Eznet  Program   IBM    Adult  Scitech  BTNWA

American BBS ........ * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..
Bus System BBS ...... * ..... * ..... * .....   ..... * ..... * ..
Byte Me ............. * ..... * ..... * ..... * .....   .....   ..
Channel 8250 ........ * ..... * ..... * .....   ..... * .....   ..
Crunchy Frog ........ * .....   ..... * ..... * .....   ..... * ..
Joker's Castle ...... * .....   .....   ..... * .....   .....   ..
Little Kingdom ...... * ..... * ..... * ..... * ..... * .....   ..
Magnolia BBS ........ * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..
Professional's Board  * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..
ST BBS .............. * .....   .....   .....   .....   .....   ..

