BTN:  Birmingham Telecommunications News
COPYRIGHT 1991            ISSN 1055-4548

October 1991    Volume 4, Issue 9

Table Of Contents
-----------------
Article Title                                  Author

Policy Statement and Disclaimer................Staff
Publisher's Corner.............................Mark Maisel
Occult of Personality..........................Scott Hollifield
Music Reviews..................................Joseph Ray
The Adventures of R.G. Strangemind & Herbert...Jeremy Lewis
Notes From The Trenches........................Dean Costello
August & September Party Wrap-ups..............Colby Gibson
ProFile:  double dose this month...............Scott Hollifield
Special Interest Groups (SIGs).................Barry Bowden
Known BBS Numbers..............................Staff

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer and Statement of Policy for BTN

We at BTN try our best to assure the accuracy of articles and
information in our publication.  We assume no responsibility for damage
due to errors, omissions, etc.  The liability, if any for BTN, its
editors and writers, for damages relating to any errors or omissions,
etc., shall be limited to the cost of a one year subscription to BTN,
even if BTN, its editors or writers have been advised of the likelihood
of such damages occurring.

With the conclusion of that nasty business, we can get on with our
policy for publication and reproduction of BTN articles.  We publish
monthly with a deadline of the fifteenth of the month prior to
publication.  If you wish to submit an article, you may do so at any
time but bear in mind the deadline if you wish for your work to appear
in a particular issue.  It is not our purpose to slander or otherwise
harm a person or reputation and we accept no responsibility for the
content of the articles prepared by our writers.  Our writers own their
work and it is protected by copyright.  We allow reprinting of articles
from BTN with only a few restrictions.  The author may object to a
reprint, in which case he will specify in the content of his article.
Otherwise, please feel free to reproduce any article from BTN as long as
the source, BTN, is specified, and as long as the author's name and the
article's original title are retained.  If you use one of our articles,
please forward a copy of your publication to:

Mark Maisel
Editor, BTN
221 Chestnut St.
BHM, AL 35210-3219
(205)-956-0176

We thank you for taking the time to read our offering and we hope that
you like it.  We also reserve the right to have a good time while doing
all of this and not get too serious about it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

         F R E E B I E :  G E T  I T  W H I L E  I T S  H O T !

The following boards allow BTN to be downloaded freely, that is with no
charge to any existing upload/download ratios.

The Connection          LZ Birmingham           Alter-Ego
Channel 8250            Little Kingdom          Joker's Castle
Crunchy Frog            Myth Drannor            Posys BBS
The Matrix              Abject Poverty          The Bus
The Outer Limits        Bloom County            The Round Table
DC Info Exchange        Radio Free Troad        Programmers Shack
Amiga Alliance ][       DataLynx                Martyrdom Again?!
Arkham Asylum

If you are a sysop and you allow BTN to be downloaded freely, please let
me know via EZNet so that I can post your board as a free BTN
distributor.  Thanks.  MM

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           N E W S  F L A S H

We are going to have another party!!!  This past summer, for the good
parties we got to have, it just wasn't enough!  We are going to invade
Rocky's again for another Halloween Masquarade Party!!!

The party will take place October 26th, from 6 p.m. until it is over.

The following is a map to his place from the main streets in downtown
Birmingham near UAB.  Rocky and I both will gladly offer more directions
over the phone for any who need them.  Please be advised of Rocky's
house rules in the invitation/map before you arrive so you know what to
expect.

                             Rocky's Rules

1.  Bring your own whatever so long as it is legal.
2.  If you are a minor, then stick to soft drinks.

          <--- Downtown      20th Street         Homewood --->
          ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
          ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸ ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                       ³ ³
                       ³ ³        MAP TO BTN HALLOWEEN PARTY
                       ³ ³              ROCKY'S HOUSE
           UAB         ³ ³11th      HOME OF The MATRIX BBS
          CAMPUS       ³ ³Ave.
           AREA        ³ ³       Rocky Rawlins (205) 323-6608
                       ³ ³       Mark Maisel   (205) 956-0176
                ÚÄÄÄ¿  ³ ³
      Business  ³   ³  ³ ³              ³³  (Next to the   ³ ³
          &     ³   ³  ³ ³              ³³   last house    ³ ³
     Engineering³   ³  ³ ³              ³³   on the right) ³ ³16th
       School   ÀÄÄÄÙ  ³ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ³Ave
   (3 story brick)     ³ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄXÄÄÄÄ¿ ³
                       ³ ³    11th      ³³    1426    ÛÛ ÛÛ³ ³
                       ³ ³    St S.     ³³    11th         ³ ³
                       ³ ³              ³³    St. S        ³ ³

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Publisher's Corner
by Mark Maisel

        LAST MINUTE NEWS!  Yes, this issue is late too.
        There is an excellent reason for it.  I had to go to
        New Orleans to aid a friend in need, and I have been
        on the road most of Monday night, and Tuesday night.
        I spent my time in New Orleans not doing the
        wonderful things I usually get to do, but dealing
        instead with bureaucrats, and I got about one hour
        of fun in the French Quarter, eating dinner before
        hitting the road again. I apologize for the delay
        but it could not be avoided.  MM

     It has been a real eye opener for me this past month, being deluged
with messages, phone calls, and visits, asking me the status of what
should have been the September '91 BTN.  It wasn't limited to locals
either.  I'm glad to see that some folks at least collect BTN, and some
even, gasp, read it.  It is a long story as to how there came to be no
BTN this past September, but I will summarize it.

     I usually reserve the last week of each month for tossing the ASCII
salad that becomes BTN.  I am active in many civic areas, of which PTA
is one.  This kept me more busy than I might otherwise normally be, as
the last week of August is the same week that children in the city of
Birmingham return to public schools.  As if this were not enough, it
also was the week that Kathy's, my wife, leukemia decided to run amuck.
As a result, I spent all my time shuttling back and forth between the
hospital, the board of education, and Sarah's, my daughter, elementary
school, where I am PTA president, and sidekick of the principal.  Kathy
was in the hospital for over a week, and when she was allowed home, I
got to play nurse as well.  Understand that I am not complaining.  I am
merely explaining so that you can in turn reply along the lines of, "so
what, you weren't THAT busy...".  Of course, anyone who knows me, knows
my typical, slow Southern pace of life and movement.  I just don't rush,
except when RayHugh is down from Noo Yawk, so that he will feel more at
home.  Anyway, that is what happened, and that is why the September
issue didn't occur.  I hope you like this one.

     Oh yes, the parties...they have been coming at a pretty good clip,
haven't they?  Well, we're not done yet.  The biggie for the year is
almost upon us.  The Annual BTN/MATRIX Halloween Masquarade Party will
take place October 26th, at Rocky Rawlin's home.  The usual invitation
and map may be found in this issue, and posted in EZNet.  Please make an
attempt at a costume.  It is so much more fun when we all make fools of
ourselves, rather than limiting it to a very few.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

** ----------------------- **
**  OCCULT OF PERSONALITY  **
** ----------------------- **
                                Mike Staggs is the latest BBS-scene
                                phenomenon to come down the pike, and
                                in some ways, the easiest to
                                understand.

by Scott Hollifield.

    The Birmingham BBS scene is such a vast amorphous lumpy sea of
goop, it's rare when you can put your hand in, pull out something that
smells like good solid clean Controversy, and say to yourself, "This is
somethin' else."

    The story of Mike Staggs is somethin' else.

    Not since the glory days of Dean Costello has the local BBS
community seen a pariah the likes of Mike.  He has been accused
alternately of being a perverted Satanist and a conniving girlfriend-
stealer.  He has made enough enemies that he has considered avoiding
the next BTN party to avoid a physical confrontation.  On one
particular BBS, he has been the subject of virtually every message war
over the past month.

    Yet the similarity to Dean begins and ends with the level of
notoriety.  While Dean deliberately provoked his adversaries - indeed,
never before has an opposition group so fairly yelled "you started it"
- Mike seems befuddled by all the publicity.  Ironically enough, Mike's
profile has decreased somewhat over the course of the past year.

    He was notorious for different reasons about a year ago when he
first entered the local BBS scene, using both his real name and the
handle "Lord Baron".  It was on the Alter Ego's Politics conference,
and Mike made his first mark by posting some rather hair-raising
opinions, particularly how black people were biologically different
from white people and how the Holocaust never happened.

                                  ***
                                  ***

    "I grew up around bigots and the Klan," Mike explains.  "It carried
over into my teenage years when I worked at McDonald's and had several
problems with colored persons in my recent years."  Numerous attacks by
muggers and street gangs helped reinforce his racist upbringing, he
says.  Met with an intense backlash on the board, Mike shifted his
sociopathic throttle to Christian-bashing - a decided change of heart
for someone who had been called to preach in the Pentecostal church at
the age of fourteen.

    Mike preached at his hometown church until he was seventeen,
although he never did get an exhorter's license, which would have
allowed him to float as a minister, as well as perform baptisms and
marriages.  But at the same time, Mike was undergoing the usual
assortment of teenage identity crises, and in rebelling, chose to rebel
against Christianity, a spark which he says is not completely gone.

    "I do carry over a little... because I see all the rejection and
shunning coming my way because of the 'Christian' views people have
grown up with."

    Mike began using a modem in May of last year, and his first wave of
controversy hit the following summer, during his period extremist
politics on the Alter Ego.  It was a taste of things to come.

    Mike's own BBS went up in August 1990, during this period.  It
was called, appropriately, "The Hanging Tree".  Immediately, he
appealed to the local sysops-only network for access, and for the first
time, the restricted network, which was essentially a social group
until this point, hit its first major snag.

    Questions were asked about Mike's board.  Members were concerned
that The Hanging Tree might be a potential base of operations for local
skinhead activity.  One local co-sysop expressed disgruntlement that
Mike was coincidentally a vocal anti-Christian.  Another interpreted
the name of Mike's BBS as a distorted reference to the crucifixion.
The net result was that the Birmingham sysops-only network instituted a
set of strict rules and guidelines for membership, including a waiting
period for new sysops.

    Mike says that, after he had been using BBSs for a short time, he
grew out of the prejudiced attitudes that formed the basis of his early
messages, calling his white supremacy connection "a phase of my life I
could do without".  To reflect this, he changed the name of his own
board to "The Round Table" at around the first of the year, and
attempted to inject a new Arthurian flavor into it.  For a short time,
public attention went away.

    Mike's head may have been clear on race relations, but theolog-
ically, he was still confused.  After a brief flirtation with Wicca, or
witchcraft, he retreated to Christianity through the help of a friend
and fellow BBS user, Dawn Atchison.  He and Dawn had become close
friends, and to this day Mike claims that he was never seriously
attracted to Dawn.  Despite this, Mike made some enemies through this
relationship.  Dawn was dating another BBS user named Barry Fields, and
friends of Barry frowned on Mike's relationship with her, blaming Mike
when Dawn decided to call it quits with Barry.

    Mike believes that some of the recent controversy over him is due
to leftover bad feelings from the Dawn cycle.  In any case, Mike became
disillusioned with religion once again, a disillusionment which severed
his friendship with Dawn.  She has since gotten married, although not
to Barry.  (Dawn Atchison could not be reached for comment.)

    Through this, some BBS users had been publicly accusing Mike of
falsely "converting" to Christianity just to gain Dawn's affections,
and when he seemed to simultaneously give up religion and part ways
with Dawn, it looked as though they might have been right.

    "At this time, I didn't really know what to believe," Mike recalls.
"I was really out on a limb."  Spiritually confused and publicly
condemned for it, Mike attempted to take his own life in March 1991.

    Mike regards this time as a "transition period".  "I was reaching
for some solution to my problems.  Christianity did not hold the
solution for me."  After emerging safely on the other side of this
trial by fire, he eventually began involving himself in a belief known
as Thelema.

    Thelema is a ritualistic sect of the occult based in part on the
work of Aliester Crowley, the early-20th century writer widely
considered to be the father of contemporary occultism.  Mike stresses
the benevolence of Thelema, which has nothing to do with Satanism or
other dark forms of the occult.  In fact, it might be safe to say that
Christianity and Satanism are closer kin than Thelema and Satanism,
since Thelema is not prededicated on the existence of a deity.  The law
of Thelema, as recited by Mike, is "Do what thou wilt shall be the
whole of the Law.  Love is the Law, love under Will."  Mike explains
that this does not mean that people have a right to do anything they
want, but rather that personal freedom should not be restricted as long
as it does not infringe upon the will of others.  Indeed, in contrast
with the red-and-black devil fire image of Satanism, parts of Thelema
exhibit a positively Eastern air of peace and lightness.

    "I believe there is a force," explains Mike patiently, "A spirit if
you will, that created all things and resides in all things.  The
Hindus call this force 'Akasha'."  He compares this force to the
Christian belief in a "holy spirit", but is quick to note the
differences as well: the force that he believes in is genderless, and
did not have a hand in writing the Bible.

    Mike is also careful to distinguish Thelema and the somewhat
trendier flavor of occult known as Wicca.  Wiccan beliefs constitute a
vaguer and more generalized religion; it combines a group of diverse
folk religions and encourages spontaneity.  Thelema, on other hand, is
highly ritualized, demanding specific rules and ceremony from its
adherents.

    Mike is involved with a national Thelema organization called OTO,
or Ordo Templi Orientis, which boasts lodges in most cities in the
country.  Mike's board recently began carrying echoes from the OTO's
national Thelema network, 95Net.  The Round Table's public association
with the occult unnerved some, and angered others.

    Mike claims that his occult beliefs caused him to be temporarily
locked out of The Word BBS, a primarily-Christian system run out of
Roebuck Park Baptist Church by clergyman Rod Lewis.  The co-sysop of
The Word, Andy Jones, locked Mike's account out ostensibly on the
basis of some rough language Mike had used in a message.  Mike claims
that the language was quoted from another user, a user who himself was
not locked out for the original post until days after Mike was, thus
causing Mike to suspect prejudice against his personal beliefs.  Mike's
access was restored within a week, but recently, he was locked out yet
a second time, this time by the sysop himself, apparently for something
he posted to a Christian user in the middle of a debate on religion.
Mike called up the church to complain but was told that Rev. Lewis was
not in; four hours later, Mike's access was restored.  (Neither Andy
Jones nor Rod Lewis could be reached for comment.)

                                  **
                                  **

    The occult aspect of Mike's BBS was not the only thing that got him
in trouble.  The following is a message posted on Willie's Dial-Your-
Match dated August 7.

        FROM: LEIGH    LEIGH
        TO:   ALL
        SMRY: Lord Baron

    is there anyone else on here who lord baron has called?  He called
    me about 2 weeks ago to verify me and he wanted to talk for along
    time, first i told him i was watching t.v. and the second time i
    called him i told him my boyfriend didn't want him to call me
    anymore. I have heard that i am not the only one he has done this
    to. Is there anything that can be done about him????

    This message prompted a storm of response, mostly accusing Mike of
overstepping his bounds as a sysop, particularly where female users of
his board were concerned.  Several alleged instances were brought up
of Mike using the phone numbers of female users from The Round Table
in an effort to call them up and get to know them better.

    Mike insists that his only crime in this matter is being an amiable
sysop.  He says that voice validation is a routine part of his duties,
that he calls males as well as females, and that, rather than hanging
up after immediately verifying a user's identity, he prefers to chat
with them a little while, particularly if he and the user have a mutual
interest or acquaintance, as he says was the case with Leigh.  Besides,
Mike claims that Leigh never exhibited any reluctance to talk and even
told him to call back until the second phone call, after which he left
her alone.

    Another user, who uses the handle "Zelda" on Willie's, had also
posted her negative feelings against Mike, but later put up a
retraction.  "It was wrong of me to post that message...before asking
him what happened," she says.  "I think everyone is blowing this whole
thing rather out of proportion."  Mike says that the original post in
this incident stemmed from a personal relationship between him and
Zelda that had gone sour.

    Someone else told me that Mike "got obnoxious" when she told him to
stop calling her.  She didn't want her name used in connection with
this story - not because she didn't want to be associated with him, but
because she didn't want to be seen publicly criticizing him.  "I don't
want to hurt [his] feelings," she says.  "You gotta at least feel a
LITTLE sorry for him... he meant to be nice I think."  Simultaneously,
she admits, "He still sort of scares me for some reason."

    That reaction was not an isolated one where Mike's occultism was
concerned; someone posted on Willie's that being on The Round Table
gave her "the heebie-jeebies".  Another user of Mike's board requested
that his account be deleted because "funny things" had been happening
to him since he signed on.

    Mike had his defenders at the time, though; among them was Lisa
Patterson, whose handle is "Rhiannon".

    "I have to take up for Mike now," she posted publicly.  "He called
a few times, but not to flirt.  It was always just to talk about
stuff... he never once hit on me."

    Lisa would change sides after the BTN party of August 17.

                                  **
                                  **

    For the most part, the parties hosted by Mark Maisel and Rocky
Rawlins for the BBS community have long been a primary focus of the
PC-Board set, the BTN writers and readers and sysops who have known
each other for years.  However, in the last year, the users of more
casual boards like Willie's have also made their presence known at the
parties, and it was this presence that watched as Mike entered the
spotlight of notoriety once again.  In all its years of operation,
Willie's Dial-Your-Match had discovered its first real live BBS user
scandal.

    Her name was Kim Hurst, and she was one of the users who didn't
mind talking to Mike.  In fact, Kim and Mike became fast friends, and,
weeks before the party, Mike began visiting her at work since it was in
close proximity to his own job.  Whenever Mike dropped by, Kim would
take her break and the two would talk.

    At the time, Kim was dating Eric Wray, better known by the handle
"Tanis".  Kim claims that her relationship with Eric was deteriorating
gradually, and cites numerous instances of tension.  "We just weren't
getting along," she says.  "We argued all the time."

    "We never ONCE had an argument," Eric asserts.  "I worshipped the
ground she walked on."

    "Well, they weren't so much arguments as just disagreements," she
explains.   The disagreements, she said, were never allowed to evolve
into real hostility.  Nevertheless, she insists that she had planned on
breaking up with Eric for some time, and was just waiting for an
opportunity to do it.  She found one the weekend of August 17; on the
night of the party, Kim came with Eric and left with Mike.

    Eric claims he didn't even know until the next day, saying that Kim
had arranged to leave the party with Denise Deerman, a BBS user who
ultimately wasn't able to make it.  Mike says that Eric must have seen
that something was going on when Kim moved her personal things into
Mike's car before Eric's eyes.

    Whichever was the case, Kim left Eric a message on the board the
next morning saying that she wanted to break up.  The same morning, Kim
and Mike decided to strengthen their friendship into a relationship,
although she insists that her attraction to Mike was coincidental, and
didn't enter into her decision to end the relationship with Eric.

    The users of Willie's didn't quite see it that way.  Most were
outraged in the way that only people who witness a scandal can be; many
jumped into the discussion just to be part of the fight.  Mike believes
that the resulting public backlash was a cynical political maneuver by
Eric to get people rallying behind him no matter what the issue; Eric
simply chalks it up to friends defending him when he'd been wronged.

    Mike says that this public rage over his behavior with Kim likely
won't deter him from attending the next party, although he doesn't want
to force Kim to attend.  Kim, for her part, doesn't see herself shying
away either.

    "I know about five or six [people] who want to hurt him physically.
He is in a lot of trouble with my friends," remarks Eric darkly, "And I
can't control what they do."  Eric also expresses the hope that the
next party will see him attend with a new girlfriend.

    "You might say that I am more than interested now," ponders Mike
after hearing of the veiled threat.  "More than curious.  I think I
have to go now."

                                  **
                                  **

    Mike and Kim are still steady as of this writing, despite
ill-wishers who predicted that Kim would drop Mike just as she did
Eric, or vice versa.  Interestingly, their respective religions play
litte part in the relationship.  Kim says that she was "born and raised
a Southern Baptist," although when pressed, admits that she's not
particularly devout.  Mike has shared his Thelemic beliefs with her,
although she has shown no interest in adopting them.  It is not his
place to convert, Mike says, saying that his religion doesn't recruit
members.  "If you want to get into [Thelema]," he says, "You have to
get in on your own merit.  No one will try to 'witness' to you."  As
for Kim's own beliefs, Mike admits wryly that he did spend some time
considering the implications of being associated with "a Christian
girl", but decided to plunge ahead anyway.

    Mike Staggs has switched religions at least twice, maybe more, over
the past year, yet he seems to have satisfactorily settled into one
that agrees with him.  Despite questions of his conviction from
skeptics, he describes himself as happier than he's been in a long
time, saying, "I feel much more comfortable with myself."  He has a
new girlfriend also.  At someone else's expense?  Well, that depends on
to whose side one chooses to be sympathetic.

                                  **
                                  **
                      
    As for the publicity and the controversy, Mike finds a kind of mild
fascination in all of it, and likes to think of himself as "the new
Dean Costello".

    As an afterthought, though, he quickly adds: "That doesn't mean I
wanted to be, though."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Music Review
by Joseph Ray

     Hello boys and girls! BTN is glad to resume publishing of a music
review column.  We don't know how long this one will last, but we'll try
and continue the column as long as we are able.

     This month, I would like to share some of my opionions with you on
three new albums that have been released into the music stores as of
recently: Seal's self-titled debut "Seal;" Dire Straits newest "On Every
Street;" and Guns-N-Roses "Use Your Illlsusion #2."

     First heard back in late July, Seal, a Britain, introduced himself
into the States with a nifty tune "Crazy." But, I would have to say that
this song is not related to the rest of the music on the album. "Crazy"
has a little rock-n-roll mixed in with the techno-pop to create a sound
that gives the song grit. There are one or two other songs on the album
which also have some of this grit, but generrally, the album is dance
music with a disco-esque beat and synth-pop melodies. I only listened to
this album twice to get the feel of his art. Lets just say that I'm glad
that this is an album that I borrowed to listen to and not something
that I wasted my money on.

     Dire Straits - "On Every Street"...MArk Knopfler shows his southern
origins with this album. On every street corner is a twist of twanging
blues and slide guitar work, though not as much as someone like Bonnie
Raitt. Again, the first release doesn't characterize the album in any
way.."Calling Elvis" has more of a rockabilly sound which is left out in
some of the other songs in which the blues influence is prominent. Don't
look for any long guitar solos or eight minute continuations of a
musical theme- the songs on this album tend to run about four minutes
which is unlike their previous album "Brothers in Arms." This album has
its own separate flair, but is a return to the days of the first album,
though it doesn't coincide with the musical trends of the 90s. Its a
regression album, a back to their roots escapade, and something to enjoy
listening to when you feel the need to relax from this geared up world.

     Guns-n-Rose's "Use Your Illusion #2" is one of two albums just
released recently. Axl Rose decided to have the album sold in separate
boxes so that the kids can afford at least half the album since they
might not have the money to buy the entire set at one time. It should be
pointed out thta this also makes the band a little more money. The
second of the two contains the infamous song "Civil War" which complains
about the wars which take place within our society and how we are going
to destroy our society with the "hate we're breeding." This tune rocks
with a message of peace. This album also has a studio version of Bob
Dylan's "Knockin on Heaven's Door" which sounds much better than the
live version seen on MTV. There is an improvement on Bob Dylan's version
too - you can understand the words (most of the time). There ae many
interesting songs on this album such as "Get in the Ring" where GNR
takes swings at Bob Guccione, Jr., and other music tabloids which make
money by criticizing GNR. "Estranged" and "Locomotive" are another
couple of nifty rocking tunes that each last over nine minutes. If I
were you, I'd listen to the last song first, it is the strangest of them
all complete with synthesizers and special effects (which none of the
other songs use ). Its a damn good album and should be given a fair
listen...like "The Last Temptation of Jesus Christ," there are many
people that hate GNR that have never listened to them. This is your
chance to decide for yourself.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The Adventures of R.G. Strangemind and Herbert
by Jeremy Lewis
Copyright 1991 by Jeremy Lewis
no reprints without the permission of the author

Chapter VII

     Back on the large gray spaceship. Herbert and Slob continued,
unknowingly, in Ginger's direction.  Ginger was angry, hungry and
desperately wanted to kill the robot that had given him a flea bath
instead of a haircut.

     R.G.'s mindless but strangely mobile body, was walking towards the
now open metal door, when R.G.'s mental presence entered the hallway
"screaming","Nooooooooo!" R.G. rushed towards his body when suddenly he
struck a barrier and his body turned to him smiling. (Maybe I was being
a bit hasty when I said mindless, eh?)

     Slob was excited.  His plan was working, the big earthling was
following him, and he had yet to be killed. There had been an old legend
among his people that one there would come forth The Great Stupid One
who would come forth and return them to the light.  Perhaps this
earthling was him, or atleast would pass for him.

     Herbert, who was currently following the strange blue alien (Slob),
wasn't thinking of anything, but of course that wasn't unusual.

     Back on the planet Slag, however, Emperor Splort was thinking of
something.  he was thinking of different ways he could  kill Slob, many
of which involved strange any many times interesting uses for a size
fifty one drill.

     "Oh yes," he thought,"This will indeed be fun."  Soon the Imperial
flag ships would be ready and he could head after Slob with all the
firepower he would ever need.

     Ginger was still heading down the corridor when he saw a blue alien
come around the corner.  Ginger grinned and spoke (Well sort of) for the
first time.

     As Slob looked at the large purple thing with a lot of teeth, he
didn't worry...they don't exist right?  Atleast that's they way he
reacted until it grinned at him and began to howl.  It took him almost a
full half of a second to turn around and then he was running for his
life.

     Herbert was following the strange blue alien and staring blankly,
when suddenly the alien changed direction and collided with his chest.
Had Herbert been more attentive, he may have heard the howling and began
running in the other direction, instead of staring at the blue alien and
trying to puzzle out what was going on. Fortunately, Ginger's appearance
made everything clear.

     Meanwhile in the corridor outside the ship's powercore, R.G. was
puzzled, which was beginning to happen far to often than the most
intelligent person on Earth would've liked.

     "Who are you?" he stammered to his body, wondering how it could
perceive on the astral plane and if it could even hear him.  It could.

     "Now that I have your attention", came a loud rumbling voice, "I
shall introduce myself.  I am called Toastus. On many different worlds I
have many different names.  I am called Malted by the ice men of
Creamia, Splagnat by the people of the planet Slag, but of all I prefer
the name Toastus, for it is a true name of power!  You, R.G. Strangemind
shall be my emmisary in this cosmic mission. You shall be a crumb sent
forth from my self to the..."

     "Excuse me, my dear Super powerful Entity, but what are you talking
about?"

     Toastus was not amused.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Notes From the Trenches
by Dean Costello

                         "Will This Ever End?"
                
Mark Maisel, our erstwhile editor, informed me a couple of days ago
that the last 3 "Notes From the Trenches" are unacceptable as a result
of 'emotional baggage', I believe that was the excuse that he used.  As
a result, when I thought that I had a 3-month backlog and didn't really
need to write things for a while, I was suprised, shocked, and horrified
to learn that I had to lash something together for today.

The real problem is that I am fresh out of ideas.  Most of the "NFTT"
was a safety valve so I wouldn't cut the heads off of my parents and put
them into a bowling ball bag, but since I haven't been in Maryland for
over a month, and haven't seen Mother and Father for about an even 6
weeks, there is very little emotional turmoil that would lead to a good
"NFTT".

Which isn't to say that there isn't emotional turmoil.  My brother, who
is engaged to the "Blonde Moppet" as Chris Mohney refers to her, still
refuses to tell me that he is engaged.  Scott is using a tried and true
method for handling conflicts:  Ignore them and hope that they will
either go away or solve themselves on their own accord.  At one time I
would have been hurt by his attitude, but now I am more entertained, and
it also gives me a lot of lee time to figure out the 'perfect' wedding
gift.  Hiring some pregnant street urchin to crash the reception and
demand to know what he is going to do about "our baby" seems an
appropriate present.  Yes, my brother is terribly kitty-whipped, and he
just got engaged.  I figure that after he loses a dozen or so friends,
and maybe a job or two, the Blonde Moppet will be sent to 'Jealous and
Possessive Girlfriend/Wife Hell', but in the meantime I have to suck it
up and pretend to tolerate her.

Which I don't.  And I am pretty sure that he/she realizes it, also.  I
am in a curious position in that I think that she is jealous of the time
that Scott and I spend together, and I am not used to being someone that
someone else would be jealous of.  Did this happen in Birmingham?  When
I spent a lot of time with Mark and Kathy Maisel, were there contingents
of BTN-ers who were wandering around their parent's basement thinking to
themselves, "Damn that Dean Costello.  What's he got that I don't?  What
makes him so special that he gets to spend all that time over there?
Why can't it be me that's eating Kathy's Yellow Noodles From a Box and
Those Curious Chicken Things That She Cooks in the Wok That Came From
the Freezer instead of that asshole?  I'm funnier than he is, I know
more computer stuff than he, I can run Windows, and he can't AND ADMITS
IT IN PUBLIC!  IT ISN'T FAIR, DAMMIT!"?  I never dreamed that I would be
someone that others would envy.

Anyway, whenver The Moppet is around, I ain't.  Hell, I'm even polite to
her, in an icy way; similarly to the way that she treats me.  Oh yes,
holidays are fun...But I can live with this arrangement, though it does
somewhat bother me how callous ol' Scott-o has been to the rest of the
family since he got his first piece of ass.  I refer you to a scene in
"Ferris Bueler's Day Off", when Ferris is talking about how Camaron's
first girlfriend will treat him.  I see parallels...

Oh well, I guess I can't change anything.  But Lord knows I try.  I
discovered the ultimate uselessness in trying to "rescue princesses that
own dragon farms" but I continue trying to help (albeit I feel like I am
the family doctor to some rich family; I keep saying, "Stop smoking,
take your medication", etc., etc. and they refuse to take my advice), I
tried to convince a friend/acquaintence that they should take a more
active step in planning their future (to no avail), and I am right now
involved in a remediation effort that has the antipathy, if not the
outright hatred, of the local community.  There seems to be a common
bond, in that many things I do seem to be ultimatly an exercise in
futility.

I can't help being empathetic, I guess that's why I went into Public
Health in the first place.  I guess that's also why people call me or
contact me with their problems.  I can't quite understand why they
would, given my certifiably caustic personality, on-line if not in
person.  But they do. Don't get me wrong, though, I am pleasantly
suprised that individuals think enough about me that they would come to
me for advice, but what is very frustrating is that after they come to
me, assumably because they believe I will give 'good' advice, they
promptly ignore it, and go on their merry way.  And there I am:  sticky,
broke, and confused (Listen to Sam Kinnison's first or second tape).

I don't know.  I was debating weaving in a little something about how I
cannot REALLY open up to people.  Open up?  Indeed.  Hell, most of the
time, I generate a persona and ethos on the spot.  I kind of feel like
T.S. Garp, from "The World According To Garp", in that my past history
is constantly being refined and re-invented depending on the audience.
Did you really grow up Catholic?  No, a little Methodist, but that's
about it. Dad grew up Catholic, but I have never attended any Catholic
religious ceremony. Are your parents wealthy?  Wealth is a relative
term:  Mom believes we are only one step above migrant workers, but I
see what Dad brings in from Grandma's Bar & Grill; on the whole I would
say no.  Have you ever been in a relationship?  No.  Ever?  Not that I
am aware of, and I believe it does take two to tango, as it were.  Did
you live with Monica? Yes I did, but she slept downstairs, and I slept
upstairs.  We did live together, but only in the loosest sense of the
word.  How many of your 'clever' anecdotes were true?  Very few, but I
cannot remember which ones you (plural) may have heard.  Dammit, Dean,
did you even live in Maryland? Yeah, people had seen my Maryland Drivers
License and the plates on the Fiero.  Hell, Mark's even been to our
'palacial manor home overlooking the Chesapeake' <snort>.

Anyway, I had to get some of that off of my chest.  As I said above, I
alter and edit my past to better fit a current circumstance.  The
problems occur, obviously, when several people have heard different
variants of the same story, and they are in the same locale when I tell
it to someone else, and they therefore hear an entirely different
version of the same <hopefully> clever anecdote.  I feel badly when I am
forced to generate a persona, but the general consensus is that my
generated past is a lot more interesting than my actual past.  I
apoligize to you (plural) for the deception, but something tells me that
you would rather hear about my break from the Roman Catholic Church than
about the night my grandfather died, or about my uncle the coke head
than my uncle the crappy businessman, or about the good times in
college, and not the shitty freshman and sophmore years I spent there (a
little lie:  The sophmore year was better than the freshman, but not by
much), or about Dad's favoritism towards my brother than when he and I
would play catch.

Don't shoot me, I'm only the story teller; Gabby Costello and his
Down-Home Travelling Wagontrain of Tales.  Unfortunately the Wagontrain
is big, the stuff in it is funny, clever, and deceptively accessible,
and its all too easy to start believing your own press releases...

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

August Party As Seen By Colby Dude
by Colby Gibson

     The BTN party went smoothly, other than the several "interesting"
parts where there was someone drunk out of their mind. After arriving at
the Maisel home with the Sullivans, I aspired to sit next to the
Maisel's very expensive piano.

     I must say, that "plant" outside sure is marvelous. I hope that
whatever film was on Scott's camera was revived after Chris was so
fortunate to drop it. Pictures galore were taken by Tyros that evening,
many of which will be used for blackmail in the future (If you had your
picture taken, hide. Now!)

     Chris Mohney's camera suffered power problems, and he was unable to
take pictures as long as I could see. Kevin Buchan added a wonderful
scene to the evening. After beer after beer (He couldn't recall the
number he imbibed, but we estimate that the number reaches over his last
total) he entered into a very "interesting" stupor. After leading the
poor soul onto the back porch, beer and a large portion of my Gatorade
were spilled upon the Kev-man's head. Of course, he didn't mind. I think
the only time he was even dazed was when his shoelaces were tied
together and mine. I didn't move, however, and poor Kevin was vaulted to
the floor. And, Kevin, next time try and be a bit faster with the 'ol
Kiss, ok?

     Most of my evening was spent dazed in the Maisel's bowlish chair,
and quite a few people involved themselves with playing away at the
keyboard situated in the middle of the house. Many sounds could be heard
erupting from the Peavey amp, and after a while, the poor fellows left
the sound making device.

     Several cakes were brought to the party this time, and I must say,
they were pretty good. Many people were inhaling the baked treats, and
even the few that normally don't eat anything were found eating the
stuff. Many chips and drinks went around, and I believe that I overheard
Maisel saying that it was the first time in the history of BTN that they
actually ran out of beer. I am quite sure that someone, somewhere had
some beer hidding somewhere.

     The police action showed up about 11:30, and it wasn't to tell us
to calm the hell down. Poor Lisa's car was swiped by someone that will
go unnamed right now (No lawsuit for me, thank you) but If you know,
smile to yourself. I don't know the outcome of the situation, but from
what I saw of the police car, they stayed down the street a while.

     The second car problem occurred when poor Mike Stagg's tire was
flattened by someone or something and he spent a good few minutes in the
Maisel's driveway changing the tire out.

     Eric Hunt's car also experienced technical difficulties, and after
getting about 200 short feet down Chestnut street the car needed a jump.
Unfortunately, the jump didn't work out and the Sullivans took the poor
fellow home. I am glad to hear that the car didn't become impounded.

     Kevin Buchan was put to bed, and, of course, he ended up in the
floor, laughing to himself. After interrogation, he was moved back to
the place where he was put to begin with. The other Lisa was pretty
drunk and was put to bed as well. I didn't see her again until a few
hours before the Denny's run and she didn't look altogether well. I hope
you are feeling much better now. Can we say slight hangover?

     Mark Kieskowski stayed by his car for a while and listened to his
music because Maisel removed the speakers from his living room area. The
music could be heard by sitting on his hood and he didn't care how you
sat on the car.

     The Whippets were let loose and ran through the living room.
Everyone screamed, of course, and they were quickly dealt with. Outside
and into the cage they were put.

     The scanning machine and keyboards were gone, of course, and access
to the Frog and Maisel's machine were restricted. Local lurking was
prevented because the Monitors were disabled. Any other discoveries in
the Frog room were limited.

     The Denny's run happened at around 4 or a little after, and there
were few people left in the Maisel home. Erica, myself, and a few other
patrons sat in the living area and conversed when Maisel came into the
room and brightened the evening. Patsy and a couple of friends WALKED to
the store down the street and picked up some good exercise.

     I must note at this time that Bill Freeman gave me some very
interesting advice that evening. I must say, though, that it seemed he
sucked in a little too much of the drugs and was quite spaced. I hope
you have returned to normal.

     Sysops were everywhere, Rocky and Janet leaving quite early into
the evening to unpublished whereabouts. Tom Egan added spice to a dreary
existance, and Bill Freeman's advice is still adding to my life. The
Sysop of "The Edge of Oblivion" was outside, but I don't recall your
name right now. Randy Hilliard was there, as was Omega Ohm. Kathy was
around, taking in much liquid. Sumeet Paul was there along with Joe
Hardwick, the wonderful inventor of Vortek. I don't recall if Rick
Morgan was there, but I think I heard his name after I sucked in that 3
liter.

     Ricky Eanes failed to show, much to Mark Kieskowski's
dissapointment....

     Hmmm, I must say that this recap is nothing compared to what really
went on, but through my eyes, shut and open, this is what I saw.
Hopefully next time there will be more people (Man, were there PEOPLE!!)
and more Beer!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

September Party As Seen by Colby Dude
by Colby Gibson

     The BTN party was on the 21st. If you showed up at Maisel's house
at 6 the next day, too bad. You should have listened better. Try the
next one.

     A very "far away" guest was present at this last party. Raymond
Hugh came from New York. You should all tell him "thank you" for gracing
us with his presence.

     After begging and pleading and forking over a substantial amount of
money to the Sullivans, I had a ride. When we got there, quite a few
people were already around imbibing a small amount of alcohol. Chris and
Dean were on the porch with the usual, and Scott Hollifield was there
drinking something. Ray was drinking some foreign stuff and a newcomer,
Tagyn had something that required some of the very volatile Gatorade
that I had brought with me.

     Mark Maisel was in the Frog room with quite a few of the regulars
engaged in "technical talk". The BTN slideshow was going as usual, and,
as you would normally expect, the keyboards were GONE.

     As the evening progressed, many people decided to show their faces,
including Kelly Rosato and Mark Kieskowski (And by the way, I REALLY
liked your hair). Mike Tyner was around taking in some of that toxic
cake that was brought. Episkopos R.J. Gumby stood in the den for quite a
while and when Rocky showed up, Michael came with him. To entertain the
mighty Bobo was a Mountain Dew bottle that was mysteriously banged upon
my head for quite a while.

     Erik Peek was around, offering nice hugs to those that wanted them.
We know what you did with Sarah, Erik. We know.

     This brings me to the part about the Vinegar. To those that were
directly or even indirectly affected by this foul liquid, I did not know
that one of Maisel's fine plastic glasses had a very large hole in the
bottom of it.

     I must say that this is the first time that an amusement ride has
been offered at the BTN extravaganza. Maisel's bowlish shaped chair was
converted into a makeshift centrifuge for some nice spinning. A few
fellows that were taking in 15% Orange Juice, and yes Garret and Shawn,
it was fifteen, took a ride in the chair. Unfortunately, the goal of
getting them to hurl was not achieved.

     Someone please tell me why Kevin Buchan didn't show up? Was it the
beer and Gatorade from the last party?

     As the evening progressed, our very own Chris Mohney and Erica
Sullivan detached themselves from each other long enough to exit the
house. Sufficive to say, this aroused the attention of the BRU posse,
especially Maisel, who ran with all speed to fetch his camera. After
many moments waiting with bated breath, Maisel returned. I have not seen
the pictures, but for those that did endeavour to go out to Chris' car,
you know what is on the film.

     Early that morning, the first Denny's run left the Maisel home. I
went on the second to engage in the throwing of sugar packets and the
imbibing of some very noxious water. For those that were there, Doug
Griffin and the throwers put up a nice fight. It was then time for the
food. I related my depressed state to Garrett and Shawn, and Sarah was
engrossed in rolling a wind up car across the table.

     Our very own Lurch-buddy was there, although doing what I cannot
fully explain for the very safety of my head and other bodily
appendages. Those of you that know, revel in your knowledge.

     Some very foul stuff was going around the Maisel home, including
some fruit punch and warm orange juice. It seems that our buddy Mike
Staggs took in some of Dean's 190 too early into the evening, for our
friend seemed to be very knocked out for the longest that I can
remember. Raymond was feeling quite nice.

     The Ranellis were there, I believe, if not I am sorry. All of these
names get me quite mixed up. Deborah Bolen was there. Doug Griffin came
without the help of MacTiffy with fries.

     Jason Ellis showed up to the Party, along with Tamara. They stayed
there long enough for me to get in a "hello". Mark Kieskowski left with
all speed because it was "boring". Granted, there were not that many
people there as there usually are, but some very fine things happened
that evening.

     Patricia Sullivan was around, so if you didn't get to meet her and
get a hug then too bad. Try next time.

     Richard Foshee and a few others were able to get ahold of a
keyboard early in the morning for some heavy duty error-correcting
dialing. Richard's board froze, however, so we didn't get to stay there
very long. Eric Hunt cared not for the keyboard.

     After all of this and the Denny's run it was pretty much sleep. I
found the Maisel's easy chair to be very comfortable. I was able to
sleep, for, um, 20 minutes before I was kicked awake by Erica. We paid
our respects and left.

     For those of you that were dying to get recognition but didn't, I
am sorry. Sue me. Those of you that did, good for you. At the Halloween
party, I wanna see some COSTUMES! (And try not to hit me that hard next
time, Erik)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

ProFile
by Scott Hollifield

     Yes, this is my first ProFile for BTN, since Chris has managed to
escape the clutches of our editor by moving to Tuscaloosa.  For right
now, at least, the only change will be the byline; however, this doesn't
mean that there won't be changes to come.  I have to have some way of
leaving my own personal mark, right?  Watch this space.  For now, here's
the same old introductory paragraph that I swiped from Chris:

     The ProFile is a short, half-serious biographical sketch given to
various computer telecommunications personalities around Birmingham.
Victims are selected randomly from a group of names put into the
notorious Hat.  Anyone who thinks himself brave or witty enough may
petition for admittance to the Hat by leaving E-Mail to me (Scott
Hollifield, most boards around town) to that effect.  Anyone who wishes
to suggest more questions or sneakily nominate someone without their
knowledge may take the same route....

     For my freshman profile, we hear from yet another of our Frog-mates
out Atlanta-way.

---------

       Pro File on  VALERIA PALMER

---------

Age: Old enough to know better

Birthplace: Yes

Occupation: writer/office manager/gifted amateur chef

My hobbies include: cooking, eating, peeling wallpaper, combing
                    the cat, needlepoint, tickling Sarah Maisel, scuba
                    diving and reading.

Years telecomputing: 3 1/2 or thereabouts

Sysop, past/present/future of: do I look like I'm that crazy?

My oddest habit is: I wear my glasses in the shower

My greatest unfulfilled ambition is: dive the Great Barrier Reef
                                     in Australia and then go live in NYC.

The single accomplishment of which I am most proud is: While I was a
        reporter, I succeeded in getting a corrupt hospital
        administrator, who had bankrupted a community hospital, fired
        and prosecuted and the board of directors replaced. The hospital
        is now fiscally sound again and serving the community as it was
        intended to.

My favorite performers are: Sarah Maisel and Kathy's whippets

The last good movie I saw was: Reds

The last good book I read was: Travels in the Land of the Gods

If they were making a movie of my life, I'd like to see my part played
by:     Whoopi Goldberg. She's got a much better tan and I don't
        like her hairdo at all - but Lord, that woman can cop an attitude.

My pet peeves are: Ideologues and others who wanna run my life.

When nobody's looking, I like to: lick the spoon.

                            -----------

     Since September 1991 passed without an issue of BTN, my first time
at the ProFile desk provides me with an opportunity to give you two of
the darn things to make up for missing it last month.  And, as an even
extra-special treat: it's the first ever MatriFile -- husband and wife
delightfully contrasting each other on this, our beauteous public forum.
For anyone curious as to why the WIFE'S answers come first, the simple
explanation for that is: that's the way they came.

---------

       ProFile on DEBORAH and RALPH BOLEN

---------

Age:    (DB)  mentally: 3 1/2, physically: old enough to know better
        (RB)  a few nanoseconds past 27 and 13/16ths

Birthplace:  (DB) Chicago, but I've lived in B'ham since I was 4 weeks
                    old.  Ohmigod!  Does this make me a transplanted
                    Yankee??!!  Is there a vaccine for this affliction?
             (RB) T-Town (Tuscaloosa)

Occupation:  (DB) computer consultant/programmer, slumlordette, Abuse
                    Goddess
             (RB) Barrister, counselor, mediator, advisor, debugger,
                    consultant, abuse-catcher & lightning bolt dodger

My hobbies include:   (DB) I'm a hopeless computer addict & BBS junkie.
                             There!  I've admitted it.  I feel sooo
                             much better now!  Also, sailing,
                             snow-skiiing, raising orchids & parrots
                             (but not in the same place!), SF, Star
                             Trek, creating high-calorie desserts
                      (RB) Cross-examination, sailing, skiing (snow &
                             water), photography, eating sushi, eating
                             high-calorie desserts

Years telecomputing:  (DB) lurking: 5 or 6 years; active: about a year,
                             but I'm quickly making up for lost time!
                      (RB) 11+

Sysop, past/present/future of:
                (DB) not yet, but if Ralph has anything to say about it
                       (he's been wanting to start a board for years)
                       guess who will endup maintaining that BBS?  If
                       you guess correctly, you win a cookie!
                (RB) Past: co-sysop of the Professional's Board;
                       Future: coming soon to a modem near you!

My oddest habit is:  (DB) Zapping defenseless mortals.  I'm trying to
                            control it, really I am!
                     (RB) Ordering from out-dated computer catalogs
                            when the prices were REALLY high

My greatest unfulfilled ambition is:
                (DB) to be Supreme Abuse Goddess (only kidding Your
                       Maggieness!)
                (RB) Flying without the aid of mechanical devices

The single accomplishment of which I am most proud is:
                (DB) turning off the computer long enough to get some
                       housework done
                (RB) Sneaking on to the computer while house-work is
                       being done!

My favorite performers are: (DB) music: Bonnie Raitt, k d lang, Dave
                                   Grusin, Andreas Vollenweider;
                                   acting: Bette Davis, Mel Gibson,
                                   Bogart
                            (RB) Musicians: Asleep at the Wheel, k d
                                   lang, Talking Heads; Actors: Danny
                                   Glover, Robin Williams, Mel Gibson
                                   (but not for the same reason the
                                   wife likes him)

The last good movie I saw was:  (DB) Doublecrossed
                                (RB) Terminator 2

The last good book I read was:  (DB) the only books I've read lately
                                       were computer manuals, so don't
                                       ask <sigh>
                                (RB) "McElroy on Evidence" - 4th
                                       Edition (it was good, but I
                                       didn't say it was fun)

If they were making a movie of my life, I'd like to see my part played
by:                 (DB) Bette Davis (now THAT was an Abuse Goddess!)
                    (RB) Kermit the Frog

My pet peeves are:  (DB) things that tear everywhere BUT the dotted
                           line, line noise, computer malfunctions
                           that I can't figure out, junk mail (but
                           junk phone calls are worse).  Seriously;
                           injustice, the clearing of the Amazon rain
                           forest, greed
                    (RB) Shallow minds, assumptions, Richard Simmons,
                           Farfignookie commercials

When nobody's looking, I like to:  (DB) I can't tell you!  People are
                                          looking!!
                                   (RB) Take showers, change clothes,
                                          wipe.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SIG's (Special Interest Groups), Computer Related
-------------------------------------------------

BEPCUG                              CCS
Birmingham East PC Users Group      Commodore Club South
Jefferson Sate Jr. College          Springville Road Library
Ruby Carson Hall, Rm 114            2nd & 4th Tuesday (C64/C128)
3rd Friday, 7-9 PM                  3rd Monday (Amiga)
Paula Ballard 251-6058 (after 5PM)  7:30-10 PM

BCCC                                BIPUG
Birmingham Commodore Computer Club  Birmingham IBM-PC Users Group
POB 59564                           UAB Nutrition Science Blg
Birmingham, Al 35259                RM 535/541
UAB School of Education, Rm 153     1st Sunday (delayed one week
2nd and 4th Sundays, 2 PM              if meeting is a holiday)
Rusty Hargett 854-5172              Marty Schulman 967-5883

BACE                                FAOUG
Birmingham Atari Computer           First Alabama Osborne Users
Enthusiast                          Group
Vestavia Library, downstairs        Homewood Library
2nd Monday, 7 PM                    1st Saturday, 1PM
Benny Brown 822-5059                Ed Purquez 669-5200

CADUB
CAD Users of Birmingham
Homewood Library
3rd Tuesday, 6:30PM-8:30PM
Bobby Benson 791-0426

SIG's, Non-Computer Related
---------------------------

BBC                                 Birmingham Astronomy Club
Blue Box Companions                 Subject: Astronomy
Subject: Dr. Who                    Red Mountain Museum Annex
Hoover Library                      4th Tuesday, 7:30PM
1st Saturday, 2PM-5PM

If you belong to or know of a user group that is not listed,
please let us know by sending E-Mail to Barry Bowden on
The Matrix BBS.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Known BBS Numbers For The Birmingham Area

    NAME                    NUMBER     BAUD RATES  MODEM    BBS SOFTWARE
                                       SUPPORTED   TYPE

*   Alter-Ego BBS           925-0707   300-2400    MNP4     ProLogon/ProDoor
*   American BBS            674-1851   300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
*   Amiga Alliance ][       631-0262   300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
^   Arkham Asylum           853-7422   300-2400             WWIV 4.12
    Baudville               640-4593   300-2400             Oracomm Plus
&)* Bloom County            856-0587   300-9600    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
-*  Bus System              595-1627   300-2400             PCBoard 14.2
*%  Byte Me!                979-BYTE!  2400-9600   USR HST  WWIV 4.12
    CM(ee) BBS Node 1       655-4059   300-2400             Oracomm Plus
    CM(ee) BBS Node 2       655-4065   300-1200             Oracomm Plus
    Camelot BBS             856-0679   300-2400             Telegard 2.5
-*# Channel 8250 Node 1     744-8546   300-9600    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
-*# Channel 8250 Node 2     744-5166   300-9600    USR HST  PCBoard 14.5
    Connection Node 1       854-9074   1200-2400            PCBoard 14.5
    Connection Node 2       854-2308   1200-2400            PCBoard 14.5
    Connection Node 3       854-0698   1200-2400            PCBoard 14.5
*   Crunchy Frog Node 1     956-1755   300-9600    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
*   Crunchy Frog Node 2     956-0073   300-9600    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
    DataLynx                322-3425   300-2400             Oracomm5.L.30
    Disktop Publishing BBS  854-1660   300-2400    MNP4     Wildcat! 2.55s
    Downgrade Evolution     823-4858   1200-2400            Vortek 1.49
    Flip Side               798-3961   300-2400             Telegard 2.5i
    Graphics Zone Node 1    870-5306   300-9600    MNP4     TBBS 2.1(16)
    Graphics Zone Node 2    870-5329   300-9600    MNP4     TBBS 2.1(16)
    Hacker's Corner         674-5449   1200-2400            PCBoard 14.5
    Hardeman's BBS          640-6436   1200-2400            Wildcat! 2.55s
    I.S.A. BBS              995-6590   300-9600    HST      Remote Access
-*  Joker's Castle          664-5589   300-2400    MNP4     PC Board 14.5
*&  Little Kingdom Node 1   969-0007   300-9600    USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
*&  Little Kingdom Node 2   969-0008   300-2400    MNP4     PCBoard 14.5
    Liverpool Connection    856-0267   300-1200             WWIV 4.12
*   Magnolia BBS            854-6407   300-9600    USR HST  PCBoard 14.2
@   Missing Link            853-1257   300-2400             Image1.2
^   Myth Drannor            699-5811   1200-2400   MNP4     WWIV 4.11
    Optical Illusion        853-8062   300-1200             C-Net
    Outside It's America    951-2473   1200-2400   MNP4     Vortek 1.48
    Owlabama BBS            833-8345   300-2400             WWIV 4.12
    Owl's Nest              680-0851   300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
    Paradise City           853-1439   1200-2400            PCBoard 14.5
    Safe Harbor             665-4355   300-9600    USR DS   GTPower 15.00
    Sperry BBS              853-6144   300-9600    Hayes    PCBoard 14.5
*   ST BBS                  836-9311   300-2400             PCBoard 14.2
+   The Bone Yard           631-6023   300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
    The Commodore Zone      856-3783   300-2400             Image1.2
^   The Dragon's Hoard      833-3790   300-2400             WWIV 4.12
^   The Edge of Oblivion    520-0230   300-2400             WWIV 4.11
    The Madhouse!           428-3061   300-9600    USR V.32 Telegard 2.5i
-*$(The Matrix Nodes 1-4    323-2016   300-2400             PCBoard 14.5
-*$(The Matrix Node 5       251-2344   2400-9600   USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
-*$(The Matrix Node 6       323-0799   2400-9600   USR DS   PCBoard 14.5
    The Monster             967-4839   300-2400             Telegard 2.5i
+   The Outer Limits        985-1725   1200-9600   USR HST  Ultra BBS ?.??
    The Quiet Zone          833-2066   300-2400             ExpressNET
+   The Round Table         938-2145   300-2400             Telegard 2.5i
    The Safety BBS          581-2866   300-2400             RBBS-PC
    The Word                833-2831   300-2400             WWIV 4.12
    Willie's DYM Node 1     979-1629   300-2400             Oracomm Plus
    Willie's DYM Node 2     979-7739   300-2400             Oracomm Plus
    Willie's DYM Node 3     979-7743   300-1200             Oracomm Plus
    Willie's DYM Node 4     979-8156   300-1200             Oracomm Plus
    Ziggy Unaxess           991-5696   300-1200             Unaxess

The many symbols you see prior to the names of many of the bbs' in the
list signify that they are members of one or more networks that exchange
or echo mail to each other in some organized fashion.

* = EzNet, a local IBM compatible network

@ = Image network, a national Commodore network

+ = FidoNet, an international IBM compatible network

- = Metrolink, an international IBM compatible network

^ = WWIV-Net, an international IBM compatible network

& = Intellec, an international IBM compatible network

# = Uni'Net, an international IBM compatible network

% = ThrobNet, an international IBM compatible network

$ = ILink, an international IBM compatible network

( = TheoNet, a national IBM compatible network

) = USNetMail, a national IBM compatible network

If you have any corrections, additions, deletions, etc., please let us
know via EzNet.
