Short Survey on Pink Floyd and Listeners' Drug Use

Date: Fri, 23 Oct 92 11:47:50 -0400
From: dschuetz@is-next.umd.edu (David Schuetz)
Subject: Altered States of Pink Floyd Conciousness


A while back (long while--February 1992), I posted a message asking people
about what experiences (if any) they had with drugs, as pertained to
listening to Pink Floyd music.  I promised then that I'd post the results to
the survey in a couple weeks.  In about three weeks, I'd had all the replies
I expected (19, to be exact).  However, I also got (and quickly started) a
new job, which took me away from the workstations I'd been using for so long
(where all my files were).  It's taken me the past eight months to get my
computer at home upgraded to something I feel comfortable working with (I
hate PCs), get moved into an apartment, and lots and lots of other stuff.

However, I am back, and I'm working hard on updating the FAQ (finally).  Yes,
the "whisper" question is in there--it was way back in March, it just hasn't
been released...(sorry...)

Overall, I was slightly surprised.  Less than half of the people who
responded reported using drugs to heighten Floyd listening, and not all of
them would want to do it again in the future.  Of course, 19 responses is
not exactly a hugely accurate sample space... I'm certain that there are
far more people out there who do use/have used them and didn't respond....


Anyway, here's the original message, followed by a summary of the responses:

> Date: Mon, 10 Feb 92 08:03:18 GMT-0500
> From: dschuetz@anywhere.umd.edu (David Schuetz)
> To: echoes@fawnya.tcs.com
> Subject: Altered States of Pink Floyd Conciousness
[...some text deleted...]
> What I want to find out is just how many people use some
> kind of substance to heighten their enjoyment of Floyd
> music.  I'm not interested in what you do for other
> bands, just Floyd.  In order for this survey to be
> at least vaguely meaningful, I need as *many* of you to
> respond, both the "users" and the "non-users."
>
> The questions:
>
> 1) Have you ever used a controlled substance to heighten
>    the experience of listening to any Pink Floyd music?
>    answer 2-5 if you answered "yes" to #1:
> 2) Have you done this repeatedly, or only a couple of
>    isolated times?
> 3) What substances have you used?  How often?
> 4) Do you find that the use of such substances increases
>    your understanding of the music/lyrics?
> 5) If given a choice (i.e., such substances were legal
>    and socially acceptable), how would you listen to
>    Floyd, with or without aid of drugs?

And the tallies:

1) 7/19 YES, 12/19 NO. 
   Some "YES!!!" and a couple "NO!."  One vote for "Nope.
       Not even alcohol. I take my music straight."

2) two "isolated experiences," rest seemed to consider
     themselves at least fairly frequent.  Interesting
     responses:

     "Many times, for years, absolutely years"
     "Repeatedly (at least 200-300 I guess)"
     "A few times over 10 years ago in college."

3) Marijuana: 6
   Hashish: 2
   Butane: 1
   LSD: 2
   Mushrooms: 3

   Interesting responses:

     "I have tried coke -- didn't like it!"
     "My favorite is listening to Floyd after smoking a few
     mind boggling bowls of bong hits "
     "marijuana, for a while it was several times a week."

4) (easiset just to post the responses:)
   "no."
   "No"
   "Understand in the rational sense?  Not often.
       Understand in the emotional sense?  Sometimes."
   "yes, both substances enhance imagination"
   "Definitely,  I hated Floyd before the revelation.
      Except the time I was shroomin' and my friends _made_
      me listen to The Wall, it was way too intense and I
      couldn't leave the room.  At least I can say I know
      the true meaning of it now."
   "I find no greater understanding of lyrical meaning
      usually, but the music simply sounds amazing.  As
      examples, the first time I heard On the Run and
      Welcome to the Machine I was high.  I was flattened 
      by them both.  These and many other experiences I
      find unforgetable (not to mention Interstellar
      Overdrive).  There is no simple way to
      describe the way it makes music sound, you simply
      have to have done it and know what I'm talking
      about."
   "I have always found that listening to Floyd stoned was
      a much more intense experience.  My experiences are
      extremely varied -- sometimes I'd just float off with
      the guitar and not really pay attention to the
      lyrics, sometimes I'd be so intent on the lyrics that
      I couldn't pay attention to anything else.  I think
      it enhances the experience because it allows a much
      tighter focus than being straight.  Being able to
      focus tightly on the amazing music just makes it that
      much more amazing."

5) With: 5 
   Without: 2
 
   One caveat: "I stopped because I decided that the drugs
      had become too important to me.  I may try again
      sometime."

