
WORLD TOUR 1994


FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - NOVEMBER 30 1993

After a lapse of five years, Pink Floyd touchdown with a new album,
ground-breaking show and a substantial European Tour, taking in more
than 29 shows in 18 countries commencing in July 1994.

Pink Floyd make no use of video, concentrating on an array of
extraordinary special effects, using both the stage and the audience
itself. Key visual aspects of the show were conceived by the band,
Production Designer Mark Fisher and Marc Brickman. Mark Fisher is
renowned for his remarkable set designs, including such epics as Pink
Floyd's "The Wall", the Stones Steel Wheels set and tours for U2, Tina
Turner, Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, George Michael and Simply Red.

Marc Brickman, the show's director and Lightning Designer, has credits
which include Bruce Springsteen, the Nelson Mandela tribute concert,
the Barcelona Olympics and Arnold Schwarzeneggar's movie The Running
Man. Along with the band he has devised an extraordinary light show,
including lasers which have been banned in certain parts of the world
because they are reputedly strong enough to split the atom! David
Gilmour comments, "Everyone involved in the creation of the show meets
up on a weekly basis to design and create the show in 'brainstroming
sessions' to produce what we hope will be the ultimate live
spectacle."

It is a massive production and the stage is one of the largest and
most complex ever devised. A number of identical stages will be built
for use in alternative cities, leap-frogging around the continent
courtesy of a massive fleet of ground transportation. The stage takes
48 trucks of steel, 3 days and 120 men to erect.

The last time Pink Floyd, who incidentally will be rehearsing in the
world's biggest aircraft hangar, came into our orbit was the 1987/89
"Momentary Lapse of Reason Tour", which lasted 19 months, and played
200 shows to 5.5 million people. The tour voyaged around Europe,
including Russia and the legendary free show floating on a barge in
the Venice lagoon. Pink Floyd have sold a total of 140 million records
worldwide including the third best seller of all time at 28 million
copies, "The Dark Side of the Moon", which at over 700 weeks in the
Billboard charts, is the longest running US chart album ever.

Pink Floyd have set the controls for the heart of the 21st Century.

For further information please contact Alan Edwards or Liam McCoy at
Poole Edwards 071 436 3633

THE EUROPEAN TOUR - 1994

July 22      Lisbon       Stadium Alvalade
     27      Barcelona    Olympic Stadium
     30      Paris        Chateau De Chantilly

August 2     Cologne      Mungersdorfer Stadium
       4     Munich       Olympic Stadium
       6     Basel        St. Jakob Football Stadium
       9     Montpelier   Amphitheatre Du Chateau De Grammont
       11    Bordeaux     Esplanade Des Quinconces
       13    Hockenheim   Hockenheim Ring
       19    Vienna       Weiner Neustaft Airfield
       21    Berlin       Maifeld
       23    Hannover     Neidersachsenstadion
       25    Copenhagen   Parken
       27    Gothenburg   Ullevi
       29    Oslo         Valle Hovin

September 1  Helsinki     Olympic Stadium
          4  Rotterdam    Feyenoord
          7  Prague       Strahov Stadium
          9  Strasbourg   Stade De La Meinau
          11 Lyon         Stade Du Gerland
          13 Turin        Stadio Delle Alpi
          15 Udine        Stadio Friuli
          17 Modena       Festa Nazionale Del Unita
          20 Rome         Ippodromo Tor Di Valle

There will be further shows in Germany and Spain, and Pink Floyd will
also play in Belgium, Greece, Turkey, and Israel. Full Details TBA.

The UK shows will be announced in the new years.
