          +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

                          IS THIS AN UNTAMPERED FILE?                   
                                                                           
          This ASCII-file version of Imprimis, On Line was packaged by     
          Applied Foresight, Inc. (AFI hereafter).  Every AFI-packaged     
          ASCII version of Imprimis is distributed in an "-AV protected"   
          ZIP file format.  "AV" is the authenticity verification feature  
          provided to registered PKZIP users, which Applied Foresight,   
          Inc., is.  If you are using the MS-DOS PKUNZIP.EXE program     
          written by PKWARE Inc. and do not see the "-AV" message after  
          every file is unzipped AND receive the message "Authentic files
          Verified!  # JAA646   ZIP Source: Applied Foresight Inc. (CIS  
          71510,1042)" when you unzip this file then do not trust it's   
          integrity.  If your version of PKUNZIP is not the PKWARE-      
          authored program (for instance, you are running a non-MS-DOS   
          version), then this message may not be displayed.              
                                                                           
          Trust only genuine AFI-packaged archives ...  anything else may
          be just that: ANYTHING ELSE.                                        

          +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
                         Imprimis, On Line -- May 1992
          
              Imprimis, meaning "in the first place," is a free
          monthly publication of Hillsdale College (circulation
          360,000 worldwide). Hillsdale College is a liberal arts
          institution known for its defense of free market principles
          and Western culture and its nearly 150-year refusal to
          accept federal funds. Imprimis publishes lectures by such
          well-known figures as Ronald Reagan, Jeane Kirkpatrick, Tom
          Wolfe, Charlton Heston, and many more. Permission to reprint
          is hereby granted, provided credit is given to Hillsdale
          College. Copyright 1992. For more information on free print
          subscriptions or back issues, call 1-800-437-2268, or 1-517-
          439-1524, ext. 2319.
          
                            -------------------------
          
                      "World War II: The Great Liberal War"
                  by John Willson, Henry Salvatori Professor of
                      Traditional Values, Hillsdale College
          
                            -------------------------
          
                               Volume 21, Number 5
                  Hillsdale College, Hillsdale, Michigan 49242
                                    May 1992
          
                                    --------
          
              Preview: For today's generation, World War II is ancient
          history, with little to teach us about how modern life
          should be faced. Yet as Hillsdale professor John Willson
          points out in this month's Imprimis, the lessons of World
          War II are more important than ever. Readers should take
          note that he is not arguing that the U.S. should have
          remained isolationist at any price, or that our millions of
          servicemen and women fought in vain. (Dr. Willson's father
          served in every theater of the war, incidentally.) Rather,
          his message is that we must recognize the unavoidable costs
          of war, especially the cost to our own liberty. His remarks
          were delivered during a November 1991 Center for
          Constructive Alternatives seminar on the Hillsdale College
          campus.
          
                                    --------
          
                         The War That Saved the New Deal
          
              My uncle will turn ninety in January. He retired from
          the federal bench at eighty-eight, and until a year ago
          played golf three times a week. Last November he fell at his
          hunting camp in the Pennsylvania woods. He refused to see a
          doctor and lived in terrible pain for two months. When they
          finally found out he had a broken shoulder and compressed
          twelfth lumbar vertebrae, the pain made sense to his wife
          and daughter. But he had changed: he sat around and slept in
          front of the television and lost interest even in the sports
          he loved so well. Then the United States went to war in the
          Persian Gulf. He revived. He started calling his friends
          again. He argued with the newsmen on TV. He took his
          physical therapy seriously. And one day my aunt said to
          their daughter, "Debbie, this war has been a godsend to your
          father!"
          
              World War II was a godsend to American liberals. The New
          Deal had been dead in the water since 1937, torpedoed by its
          fundamental failure to effect an end to depression and its
          increasingly annoying meddling with traditional patterns of
          American life. Congressman Charles Halleck of Indiana
          predicted in 1936 that the "social experimentation and
          reckless extravagance of the New Deal are on the way out
          because the common sense of the American people is
          reasserting itself." Whatever the merits of Charlie
          Halleck's analysis, a "conservative coalition" of
          Republicans and southern Democrats blocked almost all of
          President Roosevelt's initiatives at least until the foreign
          policy crisis of 1939-1941, brought about by the wars in
          Europe and the Far East.
          
              That crisis renewed the President's vigor and allowed
          FDR gradually to maneuver the United States into a position
          where it would have been astonishing had we not made those
          wars into World War II by our entrance. He was aided
          immeasurably by the recklessness of the Japanese in
          attacking Pearl Harbor and the arrogance of Hitler in
          declaring war against the United States four days later.
          Nothing unites people like a common enemy. And since foreign
          policy always reflects domestic policy (that goes for
          military policy, too), it should have surprised nobody that
          New Dealers geared up for war in New Deal ways. What
          happened between 1941 and 1945 was an expansion of the
          national state so vast as to be virtually irreversible.
          
              We should take the time to notice that conservative
          Americans were pretty sure this would happen. Senator Robert
          A. Taft of Ohio, son of President William Howard Taft, a
          patrician educated for leadership, a traditional American
          from the heartland, is a case in point. "The basic foreign
          policy of the United States," he said in 1939, should be
          strength, independence, and "to preserve peace with other
          nations, and enter into no treaties which may obligate us to
          go to war." His reasons were reduced to two: we have little
          business trying to affect the outcomes of wars that are not
          ours (and we have certainly shown that we have no ability to
          make peace); and war would "almost certainly destroy
          democracy in the United States."
          
              Senator Taft was especially suspicious of the notion
          that we should "undertake to defend the ideals of democracy
          in foreign countries." He added that "no one has ever
          suggested before that a single nation should range over the
          world, like a knight-errant, protect democracy and ideals of
          good faith, and tilt, like Don Quixote, against the
          windmills of fascism." The national interest of the United
          States, he believed, was to protect liberty at home, not to
          extend it abroad. "We have moved far toward totalitarian
          government already," he said in 1939. "The additional powers
          [already] sought by the President in case of war, the
          nationalization of all industry and all capital and all
          labor...would create a socialist dictatorship which it would
          be impossible to dissolve once the war is over." To the
          argument that totalitarian ideas presented a universal
          menace to peace and freedom, Taft replied: "There is a good
          deal more danger of the infiltration of totalitarian ideas
          from the New Deal circle in Washington than there will ever
          be from any activities of the communists or the Nazi bund."
          
              He opposed every Roosevelt war initiative, the draft and
          Lend-Lease particularly (although he supported a strong
          defense, especially an air force). He even refused a deal
          which may have given him the 1940 Republican presidential
          nomination, if he would turn just a little more
          internationalist. Once the bombs dropped on Pearl Harbor,
          however, Taft knew which side he was on; "with a heavy
          heart" he voted for war. Four months later he was still
          saying, "We need not have become involved in the present
          war." Earlier, he had written to his wife Martha: "I am very
          pessimistic about the future of the country--we are
          certainly being dragged towards war and bankruptcy and
          socialism all at once. Let's hope I'm wrong."
          
              One of the many jokes the war played on the American
          people was that by late 1943 many devoted New Deal liberals
          thought he was wrong. In December of 1943 the President told
          the press that "Dr. New Deal," who was a specialist in
          internal medicine, had given way to "Dr. Win-the-War," an
          orthopedic surgeon. Soon after, speaking to a group of
          reformers, the New Deal poet laureate Archibald MacLeish
          lamented: "Liberals meet in Washington these days, if they
          meet at all, to discuss the tragic outlook for all liberal
          programs, the collapse of all liberal leadership and the
          defeat of all liberal aims."
          
              What prompted his lament as well as FDR's change of
          physicians was a Congress which kept cutting back on New
          Deal programs. Wartime Congresses were made up of men with
          formidably conservative leanings, and while they usually
          authorized money, agencies, programs, regulations, and taxes
          to fight the war, they also looked upon some of the sillier,
          outdated, unworkable, and visionary New Deal programs with
          budget-chopping eyes. During 1942 and 1943 the Civilian
          Conservation Corps, the Works Progress Administration, the
          National Youth Administration, and the National Resources
          Planning Board--visible agencies all, from early on in the
          New Deal--got the axe. "It is well that Congress has denied
          funds to the NRPB," said the Wall Street Journal. "It might
          be rewriting the Ten Commandments next. Of course, it has
          already repealed the law of supply and demand." The Farm
          Security and Rural Electrification Administrations were cut
          back. Expansion of Social Security was put on hold. Federal
          aid to education, national health insurance, and regional
          TVAs got nowhere.
          
              To this day, most historians who write about wartime
          liberalism call those chapters "The Waning of the New Deal,"
          "The New Deal at Bay," "The Conservative Coalition." But
          liberals didn't look hard enough, then or now. The cuts were
          off the tail of the New Deal; it bled a little, but no major
          arteries were touched.
          
              MacLeish and his liberal friends were undoubtedly in
          near despair because they knew the stakes the war allowed
          them to play for. "We who win this war will win the right
          and power to impose upon the opening age the free man's
          image of the earth we live in. We who win this war will win
          the future." Robert Taft and his fellow conservatives
          understood this too, at least in part. And Taft also knew
          that "there is only one way to beat the New Deal, and that
          is head on. You can't outdeal them." He led all the fights
          to repeal the New Deal, and seemed to win some of them.
          Three examples, however, should show how temporary and
          incomplete his victories were.
          
              First, the conservatives were patriotic Americans, and
          they wanted to win the war. Congress is only secondarily
          responsible for waging war. It falls to the President as
          Commander-in-Chief to take war-winning initiatives, and FDR
          ran a New Deal war. That is, his initiatives included crisis
          regulation the scope of which no American could have dreamed
          of even as late as 1939. They included four main elements:
          price control (Office of Price Administration), rationing,
          command over production (War Production Board), and control
          of labor (National War Labor Board). Taken together they
          represented a bewildering interlocking complex of agencies,
          and they resulted in a command economy that differed only in
          tone and details from totalitarianism.
          
              By 1943 government boards and agencies could (and did)
          tell Americans how much they could drive, what they could
          manufacture and how much, whether they could change jobs,
          raise rents, eat beef, or stay on the streets at night.
          Government built housing and tore it down, reorganized the
          entire automobile industry, created aluminum companies, and
          withheld new tires from trucks carrying objectionable items
          like booze, cigarettes and Orange Crush. In Oklahoma, which
          was still a Prohibition state, the OPA demanded that all
          speakeasies post ceiling prices for bootleg whiskey. My
          uncle once illegally traded rationing stamps so he could get
          champagne and caviar for my aunt on their wedding
          anniversary. He was fined and threatened with arrest. My
          wife, as a little girl, almost cost her farm family their
          driving privileges for a month by pasting their gasoline
          stamps on the front windshield. Gourmet magazine reprinted a
          popular ditty:
          
              "Although it isn't Our usual habit, This year we're
               eating The Easter Rabbit."
          
              This was done in the name of emergency, of course, and
          there wasn't any Gestapo to enforce it. Most Americans who
          today remember wartime controls remember them with a certain
          amount of patriotic pride and nostalgia. But the size of the
          black market by 1944 (especially in cigarettes and silk
          stockings) shows that it wasn't fun at the time. It also
          shows that Americans didn't take the controls very
          seriously--except those Americans who took jobs writing and
          enforcing and lobbying for controls and exceptions to them.
          They would want to stay in Washington after the war,
          illustrating again the oldest law of government: once you've
          got it, it's hard to get rid of it. An observant Englishman
          said after the war: "Millions of Americans in 1939 had
          little or nothing to do with the government of the United
          States. Millions of Americans in 1944 looked forward to a
          near and victorious future in which they would have nothing
          to do with that government. They [would be] disillusioned."
          
          
                           A Tale of Two Entrepreneurs
          
              Second, the war rid New Deal liberalism of its most
          obvious enemy. A large chunk of big business was by 1945
          married to big government.
          
              Take Henry J. Kaiser. This paunchy, jowly, duckwaddling,
          table-pounding, oath-swearing package of pure energy took a
          sand and gravel business and made it into "an organization
          that combined the merits of a Chinese tong, a Highland clan
          and a Renaissance commercial syndicate with all the
          flexibility and legal safeguards of the modern corporation."
          
              In the thirties Kaiser built dams (Boulder, Grand Coulee
          and others), and during the war he built ships--Liberty
          ships, small aircraft carriers, tankers, troop ships,
          destroyer escorts, landing craft--all on a cost-plus basis.
          In 1943 he garnered 30 percent of the national production
          total, over $3 billion in contracts. His secret was not
          efficiency and quality, but who he knew and who they knew.
          He enlisted Thomas G. Corcoran ("Tommy the Cork"), a New
          Deal wonder boy turned lobbyist without peer, who got him
          into the War Production Board, the Reconstruction Finance
          Corporation ("the largest aggregate of lending agencies ever
          put together in the history of the world"), and the White
          House Map Room. He leased suites at the Shoreham Hotel in
          Washington and the Waldorf in New York, and settled in with
          a long-distance phone bill of $250,000 a year.
          
              Roosevelt wanted fast production, and Kaiser gave him
          speed; once he built a Liberty ship in fourteen days! His
          ships didn't last very long, and they didn't work very well,
          but he could produce so many that the war machine couldn't
          grind them up as fast as he could spit them out. When the
          big steel companies fell short of delivering the materials
          he demanded, he borrowed $106 million from the RFC and made
          the Fontana steel plant, at no risk to himself. "Cheap at
          twice the loan," he would later say. And he knew also
          through his lobbyist friends that he would get the
          government facilities that made up so important a part of
          his empire at ten cents on the dollar after the war was
          over.
          
              Kaiser saw himself, as he said to Fortune, as "at least
          a joint savior of the free-enterprise system." But he was
          very nearly the definition of what Professor Burt Folsom
          calls the "political entrepreneur." Government supplied his
          capital, furnished his market, and guaranteed his solvency
          on the cost-plus formula. He was not required to make
          quality goods at low prices; just lots of goods, fast, at
          whatever prices he chose. Kaiser's empire was a huge public
          works agency, funded by taxpayer dollars. And this is the
          point: unlike earlier trial marriages, this one didn't break
          up! Divorce rates may have gone up all over the country
          after World War II, but business and government lived
          happily ever after.
          
              Third, the war occasioned a tax structure that
          threatened to abolish profits and that provided the
          indispensable base for future liberal social
          experimentation. As much as Roosevelt played the class game
          during the Depression, as much as he tried to "soak the
          rich," he never got a revenue bill that matched his appetite
          through Congress until 1942. Even then Congress for the most
          part insisted on acting responsibly and taxing the citizens
          directly, rather than resorting to the administration's
          funny money schemes of unlimited borrowing and confiscating
          business revenues. But there was an "excess profits" tax,
          and payroll deductions became mandatory, and the rate for
          personal incomes over $150,000 was 90 percent. This
          situation makes the wartime career of J.R. Simplot into
          either a parable or a new chapter of Alice in Wonderland.
          
              Jack Simplot was an Idaho potato farmer whose
          entrepreneurial genius had made him a modest fortune during
          the hard years of the thirties, with no government
          contracts.* "I ain't no economist," he told a friend, "but I
          got eyes to see." By 1941 he had worked out an efficient
          process for drying onions and potatoes, and so was in a
          position literally to feed the nearly 16 million men and
          women of the armed forces. Here was the problem: in order to
          meet the incredible demand, he had to create on average a
          new business every month--a hog-lot to get rid of the
          millions of tons of potato skins and eyes and sprouts,
          phosphate plants to provide soil enrichment for his depleted
          fields, box factories for shipping his goods, lumber mills
          for materials to make the boxes. Each step involved enormous
          efforts of enterprise; each bottleneck threatened the entire
          enterprise.
          
              Enter the IRS. A governing philosophy of New Deal
          liberalism was that profits were a form of theft. Because of
          his rapidly expanding income, and given the excess profits
          levies, price controls and confiscatory tax rates, Jack
          Simplot became a target for government commando attacks. Now
          think of it: this was a man who was literally feeding the
          U.S.army! He needed profits to invest, to meet the
          challenges of his dizzyingly expanding enterprises. He
          couldn't predict what the next challenge would be; real
          entrepreneurs rarely can. He had neither the time nor the
          temperament to explain to bureaucrats the necessities of box
          manufacture, fertilizer production, potato farming, or hog-
          feeding.
          
              So, faced with confiscation, caught somewhere beyond the
          looking glass (between "the law and the profits," George
          Gilder says), he turned to lawyers. They created such a maze
          of interlocking corporations, using every member of
          Simplot's family and practically everybody he had ever given
          a "howdy" as directors and partners. The IRS had to spend so
          much time finding his money, that by the time they did it
          was gone to another use!
          
              So Jack Simplot, who fed the troops and worked hours
          that most people didn't know existed and lived in less
          luxury than almost any Congressman, acquired a reputation as
          a tax-evader and war profiteer.
          
              One could argue that these things turned out all right.
          The United States won the war, the ships got built, the
          soldiers got fed, everybody made a lot of money, and the
          Depression was over once and for all by 1945. This is true,
          but Bob Taft was also right, and he didn't want to be right.
          Despite the fact that the war frightened the liberals into
          thinking that the New Deal was over, it had really (1)
          expanded the regulatory state beyond their wildest dreams,
          (2) rid them of their most potent short-run enemy, the big
          corporations, and (3) provided them with the tax foundation
          on which they could build their postwar social agenda. The
          war had saved the New Deal.
          
          
                        The War That Politicized America
          
              World War II was also the war that politicized America.
          Robert Nisbet has noted that the word is infelicitous (I
          would call it ugly), but indispensable for understanding the
          present age. "Now it is the politics of the family, the
          school, the Supreme Court and the environmental movement.
          Power, not money, is the great commodity to be brokered and
          traded."
          
              Once again this was a matter of acceleration rather than
          point of origin. The war did not create politicization:
          basic Progressive-liberal ideas did. The New Deal nurtured
          politicization, and then World War II brought it to
          maturity. One of the war's most significant doctrines is
          especially pertinent to this part of the discussion:
          compulsory military service.
          
              The Selective Service Act of 1940 was the nation's first
          peacetime draft. It was passed after the fall of France and
          after a terrific political struggle in the United States
          Congress, which was in many ways the last political gasp of
          the isolationists. According to one biographer, James T.
          Patterson, Taft summed up his vigorous opposition: the draft
          is like roulette. It cruelly cuts into a young man's career,
          deprives him of his freedom of choice, leaves him behind in
          the competitive struggle with his fellows, and turns society
          into a garrison state. Of the nearly 16 million who would
          serve in the armed forces during the war, over 10 million
          were conscripts. The doctrine made the lives of all
          America's men through the age of thirty-five the property of
          the state.
          
              Even at the time, many Americans realized its unlimited
          implications for the politicization of society. The
          influential economist Wesley C. Mitchell pointed out in 1943
          that when the country agrees to pull its finest young men
          from their homes and occupations, causing them to accept low
          pay, physical discomfort, and "risk their lives in the
          horrible job of killing others," then there is nothing
          beyond the scope of the state. "After common consent has
          been given to that act," he said, "civilians are morally
          bound to accept the lesser sacrifices war imposes upon
          them." This is in fact one of the definitions of total war.
          When lives themselves are means to the end of military
          victory, then so is everything else. The political decision
          to draft our young men was the engine that drove all other
          elements of politicization.
          
              The chief irony of the doctrine is contained in this
          sentence from the law itself: "In a free society the
          obligations and privileges of military training and service
          should be shared generally in accordance with a fair and
          just system of selective compulsory military training and
          service." If free is compulsory, then life is property. In
          1943 a logical extension of the doctrine led to proposals
          for "national service." For labor, this amounted to "work or
          fight." FDR, "consistently ambivalent" toward the "Citizens'
          Committee for a National War Service Act," decided in 1944
          to support it. He insisted that "there can be no
          discrimination between the men and women who are assigned by
          the Government to its defense at the battle front and [those
          who] produce the vital materials essential to successful
          military operations."
          
              A rare convergence of interests between labor and
          business, neither of which wanted a government-assigned
          labor force, allowed the Senate to tear a House-passed bill
          apart in 1944, and with victory over Germany in sight after
          D-Day the issue temporarily disappeared.* Furthermore, a
          series of veterans' buyouts collectively known as the "G.I.
          Bill of Rights" largely removed the issue from postwar
          politics. The G.I. Bill was to transform American higher
          education; it also cemented the state's control over its
          youth in place. The classroom replaced the foxhole.
          Government could take opportunity away, and government could
          also restore it; since the sequence went in that direction,
          compulsory service didn't surface as an issue again until
          the Vietnam quagmire recalled it.
          
              Meanwhile the universities which would benefit from the
          G.I. Bill had become militarized in the war. Professor Merle
          Curti wrote, "The federal capital became the intellectual
          center of the nation." Government promoted research,
          enlisted scholars, and proved that both "were as necessary
          to war as to peace." Militarization of the intellect
          promoted politicization of the universities, perhaps the
          single most important social consequence of the entire war.
          
              This is an enormous story, and deserves a far better
          telling than we can give it here. In fact, it has not been
          told satisfactorily at all. On one level it is a simple
          story: total war demanded gigantic and focused scientific
          research. The government had the money, and the universities
          had the scientists. Through the National Defense Research
          Committee and the Office of Scientific Research and
          Development the government sponsored thousands of (mostly
          short-term) projects in hundreds of universities and
          colleges. The most celebrated was the Manhattan Project
          which produced the atomic bomb, but it was only the tip of
          the iceberg. Vannevar Bush, head of the OSRD, offered the
          proposal that made the government-science relationship
          permanent in his 1945 report to the President, Science--The
          Endless Frontier.
          
              Less visible were the thousands of academic
          intellectuals who flocked to the war effort--to OPA, OSS,
          OWI, and scores of other agencies. And less visible were the
          thousands of "social scientists"--economists, sociologists,
          political scientists, psychologists, anthropologists --whose
          war-related research brought them into the government orbit.
          By 1945 four-fifths of the nation's psychologists were
          involved in one way or another with the federal government.
          Anthropologists studied the "cultural constellations" that
          helped explain Japanese and German and Jewish behavior.
          Economists set prices and determined markets and generally
          congratulated themselves for helping to end the Depression.
          One economist revealed more than he knew when he said, "You
          can learn quite a lot about...an economy--by trying to run
          one." There was no doubt that the war experience seemed to
          make plausible the bright dream of a "science of society,"
          funded by the national state.
          
              But there is a more significant side to the story. Until
          World War II it was an unwritten law of the universities
          that academic freedom in part depended on the ability to
          steer clear of the national state and its nosy bureaucrats.
          Robert Nisbet says, "That changed dramatically in World War
          II when, by early 1942, the militarization of the university
          was well in progress. Courses were hastily adapted to
          'national defense' curricula, young soldiers were marched
          from class to class, whole colleges were occasionally taken
          over for war training, and research was almost totally
          military in character in the sciences and remarkably so even
          in the humanities." Add these four background factors, and
          the stage was set by 1945 for the conversion of the
          university into virtually an arm of the national state and
          its liberal agenda: (1) The war generation remained in
          control of postwar universities, and impressed future
          generations with their new-found importance. (2) The G.I.
          Bill provided a new source of almost endless funding for
          postwar academic expansion. (3) The Progressive-liberal
          agenda had always included the dream of nearly universal
          education funded by the public. (4) Most academic people
          shared the liberal-progressive outlook.
          
              One casualty was the emphasis on teaching. Prior to
          World War II the function of the American college and
          university had been to pass on our common memory through
          teaching. This did not mean that faculty members did no
          research; it meant that they knew that their first
          responsibility was to their students, and that their
          research was strictly subordinated to their teaching. The
          war allowed the liberal emphasis on process to emerge at the
          heart of the university function. Problem-solving research,
          the university as agent of and guide to change, students as
          method-learning creatures, rather quickly took the place of
          the old emphasis on substance, reflection, culture, and
          memory.
          
              Academic entrepreneurs appeared: grant-getters, doing
          result-oriented, short-term research projects that could be
          published. Since their patronage came from outside
          (government and foundation money), these entrepreneurs
          gained leverage in their universities to define "contact
          hours," "teaching loads" and other elements of piecework.
          
              Rewards and standards shifted away from the ideal of
          teaching, service and commitment to the academic community,
          and especially away from loyalty to school. The new academic
          nation was discipline-oriented, professional rather than
          institutional, institute-making, arrogant enough in its
          access to money that it created an academic star-system,
          first in the sciences but ultimately in economics, business
          schools and even humanities.
          
              And it is crucial to understand that these changes put
          the universities in the service of the liberal-left agenda:
          social experimentation, economic planning, the growth of the
          state, destruction of absolutes, hostility to traditional
          religion--in general, an adversarial relationship with
          traditional American values and culture. It was all based,
          to a large extent, on unlimited access to taxpayers' money,
          but operated without accountability to taxpayers' values.
          
              Total war also politicized the Constitution, or rather
          it completed the politicization that Roosevelt began when he
          tried to pack the Supreme Court in 1937. The Congress and
          the American people decisively rejected that attempt, so
          vigorously that the episode threatened to stop the New Deal
          in its tracks. But by use of his "emergency powers," FDR
          later managed to politicize the Constitution and alter it
          forever in the direction of national and executive power.
          
              Clinton Rossiter once remarked, "Of all the time-honored
          Anglo-Saxon liberties, the freedom of contract took the
          worst beating in the war." Perhaps. But we should turn to a
          remarkable little book published in 1947, a series of
          lectures by the greatest American constitutional historian
          of this century, Edwin S. Corwin. It is called Total War and
          the Constitution. Professor Corwin argued that the enforced
          segregation of Japanese-Americans by Presidential executive
          order in 1942 was "the most drastic invasion of the rights
          of citizens of the United States by their own government
          that has thus far occurred in the history of our nation." It
          established the principle of "constitutional relativity,"
          which simply means that since there are no constitutional
          absolutes, the fundamental law of the land is what the
          national government, particularly the executive, says it is.
          
              It would be no accident that the California governor who
          carried out FDR's executive order concerning the Japanese
          later became the Chief Justice who presided over two decades
          of Progressive political meddling by the Supreme Court: Earl
          Warren. Corwin had already predicted in 1947 that the war
          had so accelerated prior trends toward "constitutional
          relativity" that there would be no peacetime Constitution to
          return to; that the wartime Constitution had resulted in
          five major developments: (1) Congressional legislative power
          of "indefinite scope," (2) Presidential authority to
          stimulate the exercise of this indefinite power for
          "enlarged social objectives," (3) the right of Congress to
          delegate its powers to the President for the achievement of
          those objectives (but not clearly have the right to reclaim
          its authority!), (4) virtually unlimited Presidential
          "emergency powers," and (5) "a progressively expanding
          replacement of the judicial process by the administrative
          process in the enforcement of the law." Potentially, every
          part of American life was politicized.
          
          
                    The War That Restored the Redeemer Nation
          
              In our foreign policy, World War II was the war that
          restored the redeemer nation. Senator Taft had known back in
          1939 that our wars have a messianic quality, and although
          the hard-headed Congress of 1943-45 tried to minimize it,
          unconditional victory turned out to be a heady thing. As the
          United States geared up for more moral crusades in the Cold
          War, the wonderfully acid-tongued Clare Booth Luce labeled
          the new liberal internationalism "globaloney." It is an
          important part of the story I have been trying here to tell,
          but it is a part that will have to wait for another time.
          
              Let me close with a few remarks about the wounds given
          during the war to the traditional American institutions of
          family, church and local community. These wounds were direct
          results of total war, politicization and global crusading.
          The "little platoons" necessarily suffer when great events
          set society on the move, kill off its young men, and send
          money, intellect and power to Washington. In some cases the
          wounds were flesh wounds--one thinks of the soaring divorce
          rate in 1945-46, which quickly leveled out for almost twenty
          years. War strains marriage, and the English bishop may have
          had something when he proposed a blanket indulgence for all
          war-separated couples who would simply renew their marriage
          vows in church.
          
              Other wounds were more serious. Robert Taft favored
          federally subsidized public housing by 1946, precisely for
          reasons of family. Patterson reports that he felt that the
          Depression and war had so dislocated Americans and so
          disrupted their living patterns that modest, decent public
          housing was needed to preserve the family by ensuring it a
          decent environment.
          
              That the conservative Taft had come to trust in a
          federal solution illustrated the truth of Professor Corwin's
          conclusion about the wartime effect on federalism, the
          traditional American doctrine which more than any other
          protected the integrity of neighborhoods and local
          communities: "Federalism...has ceased to be capable of
          obstructing the continued centralization of governmental
          power in the hands of the national government." This can be
          read as the epitaph for the traditional American way of
          life.
          
              "The Best Years of Our Lives" swept nine major Academy
          Awards in 1946, which is a pretty good indication that it
          tugged on the American heartstrings pretty hard. It's the
          story of three servicemen who accidentally return together
          to the same home town--"Boone City," an Everytown USA. One
          is a Navy enlisted man who had lost both hands, returning
          uneasily to (literally) the girl next door. Another is an
          older man, a sergeant who had been a rapidly rising banker
          before the war, coming home to a very charming and competent
          wife and two by now grown children. The third man is a
          glamorous officer, a much-decorated pilot who had been a
          soda jerk in a corner drugstore before the war and who had
          married a hot number who was in love with his uniform. All
          of them want to settle down. They want simple, decent
          things--jobs, security, family. All of them succeed. It is a
          life-affirming, family affirming movie--pretty awful in some
          ways, but guaranteed to evoke a tear or two from anyone who
          hears the rhythms of heartland America.
          
              Yet there is a disquieting undertone. The handless Navy
          man, although he is very competent with his artificial limbs
          and learns to play "chopsticks" on the piano in his uncle's
          bar, is resigned to the fact that he will spend the rest of
          his life dependent not only on his family, but on
          his...government! The banker painfully, and somewhat
          drunkenly, comes to realize that the bank's profits are less
          important than its social responsibility to the community's
          poor people and returning veterans. There is no job in the
          system for the officer, whose wife leaves him when his money
          runs out, and he is reduced to women's work--selling perfume
          at the drug store, which has become part of a nasty, plastic
          and unfeeling chain.
          
              The Heartland has become the Heel-land; profits are
          slimy, the home town has lost its soul; there isn't even a
          place for a man who saved its standard of living. The
          ugliest scene in the movie is at the lunch counter in the
          spiritless drugstore: a thick-necked, twisted, shaggy
          browed, ugly man in a dark hat growls against the war and
          everybody who fought it. This troglodyte is obviously an old
          isolationist, unrepentant and not exactly politically
          correct. He is brought up to date with a right cross to the
          jaw.
          
              This is not the main message of "The Best Years of Our
          Lives," but it has been Hollywood's main message more or
          less ever since. This message combined in interesting ways
          with very real social unravelling that the war also
          accelerated. Millions of women were not so much liberated as
          turned loose. Farmers and southern blacks didn't so much
          move to the city as they were expelled to the city. As money
          and intellect ran off to Washington, liberalism relied
          increasingly on the White House and the federal agencies
          staffed with ideologically sympathetic bureaucrats to corner
          the compassion market. The wounds of the little platoons of
          family, church and local community were left largely
          untreated.
          
              The Progressive-liberal agenda had always been democracy
          and "Science," equality and relativism. Increasingly,
          liberals recognized that this agenda required national
          planning, national citizenship and national culture. The
          American people, largely undaunted even by the New Deal,
          continued for a long time to resist the agenda, in their
          hearts and in their votes. To a degree that it is
          uncomfortable to admit, the Great Liberal War overwhelmed
          them. Perhaps it had to be fought; I don't know. But these
          things must be said. Bishop Butler's words of two centuries
          ago still apply: "Things and actions are what they are and
          the consequences will be what they will be; why, then,
          should we desire to be deceived?"
          
          
                                  ------------
          
              Former chairman of the division of social sciences, John
          Willson is currently the new Henry Salvatori Professor of
          Traditional Values at Hillsdale College. As the Salvatori
          chair, his plans include an upcoming video and pamphlet
          series on American history that emphasizes founding
          documents and the roles played by both famous and unknown
          figures in the shaping of the American experience. A past
          presidentially-appointed member of the Board of Foreign
          Scholarships, a syndicated columnist and a professor at St.
          Louis University, he has published articles in Modern Age,
          Imprimis, and the University Bookman, and has contributed to
          Reflections on the French Revolution (Regnery Gateway,
          1990). Dr. Willson was elected "Professor of the Year" by
          the Hillsdale College classes of 1982 and 1991 and was
          chosen as one of the four best Michigan college/university
          teachers by the Detroit Free Press in 1988.
          
                                         ###

        +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
          End of this issue of Imprimis, On Line; Information
           about the electronic publisher, Applied Foresight,
                   Inc., is in the file, IMPR_BY.TXT
        +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

