        +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
        
                      IS THIS AN UNTAMPERED FILE?
        
        This ASCII-file version of Imprimis, On Line was
        packaged by Applied Foresight, Inc. (AFI hereafter).
        Every AFI-packaged ASCII version of Imprimis is
        distributed in either an "-AV protected" ZIP file
        format or a SDN (Shareware Distributors Network)
        protected SDN file.
        
        "AV" is the authenticity verification feature provided
        to registered PKZIP users, which Applied Foresight,
        Inc., is.  If you are using the MS-DOS PKUNZIP.EXE
        program written by PKWARE Inc. and do not see the "-AV"
        message after every file is unzipped AND receive the
        message "Authentic files Verified! #JAA646 Applied
        Foresight Inc." when you unzip this file then do not
        trust it's integrity. If your version of PKUNZIP is not
        the PKWARE-authored program (for instance, you are
        running a non-MS-DOS version), then this message may
        not be displayed. (Note: version 2.04g of PKZIP was
        used to create this authentication message.)
        
        SDN is the major distributor of Shareware and
        Copyrighted Freeware and users who extract files from
        an SDN file with the current version of the archive
        utility ARJ, should see:
        
               *** Valid ARJ-SECURITY envelope signature:
               *** SDN International(sm) SDN#01 R#2417
        
        This file is an SDN International(sm) Author-Direct
        Distribution. It should be verified for the SDN
        Security Seal by the FileTest utility available at The
        SDN Project AuthorLine BBS 203-634-0370.
        
        (Note: prior to about May, 1993, SDN used PAK to
        archive its distributions and its authenticity message
        differs from the above.)
        
        Trust only genuine AFI-packaged archives ...  anything
        else may be just that: ANYTHING ELSE.
        
        +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
        
                           Imprimis, On Line
                               May, 1995
        
        IMPRIMIS (im-pri-mis), taking its name from the Latin
        term, "in the first place," is the publication of
        Hillsdale College. Executive Editor, Ronald L.
        Trowbridge; Managing Editor, Lissa Roche; Assistant,
        Patricia A. DuBois. Illustrations by Tom Curtis. The
        opinions expressed in IMPRIMIS may be, but are not
        necessarily, the views of Hillsdale College and its
        External Programs division. Copyright 1995. Permission
        to reprint in whole or part is hereby granted, provided
        a version of the following credit line is used:
        "Reprinted by permission from IMPRIMIS, the monthly
        journal of Hillsdale College." Subscription free upon
        request. ISSN 0277-8432. Circulation 590,000 worldwide,
        established 1972. IMPRIMIS trademark registered in U.S.
        Patent and Trade Office #1563325.
        
             ---------------------------------------------
        
                            Volume 24, No. 5
                           Hillsdale College,
                       Hillsdale, Michigan 49242
                                May 1995
        
             ---------------------------------------------
        
                         "A New Vision of Man:
            How Christianity Has Changed Political Economy"
                            by Michael Novak
              Author, The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism
        
             ---------------------------------------------
        
        One of the 20th century's greatest religious writers,
        Michael Novak, addresses the relationship between
        religion and economics. He argues that Christ
        revolutionized the human conception of the political
        economy in at least seven important ways.
        
            This presentation was prepared for a July 1994
        seminar in Crakow, Poland on "Centesimus Annus and the
        Free Society," and for a November 1994 seminar
        sponsored by Hillsdale's Center for Constructive
        Alternatives seminar, "God and Man: Perspectives on
        Christianity in the 20th Century."
        
             ---------------------------------------------
        
        For centuries, scholars and laymen have studied the
        Bible's impact on our religion, politics, education,
        and culture, but very little serious attention has been
        devoted to its impact on our economics. It is as if our
        actions in the marketplace have nothing to do with our
        spiritual beliefs. Nothing could be further from the
        truth. My aim here is to demonstrate how Judeo-
        Christianity, and Jesus, in particular, revolutionized
        the political economy of the ancient world and how that
        revolution still profoundly affects the world today.
        
            I wish to propose for your consideration the
        following thesis: At least seven contributions made by
        Christian thinkers, meditating on the words and deeds
        of Jesus Christ, altered the vision of the good society
        proposed by the classical writers of Greece and Rome
        and made certain modern conceptions of political
        economy possible. Be warned that we are talking about
        foundational issues. The going won't be entirely easy.
        
            Be warned, also, that I want to approach this
        subject in a way satisfying to secular thinkers. You
        shouldn't have to be a believer in Jesus in order to
        grasp the plausibility of my argument. In that spirit,
        let me begin, first, by citing Richard Rorty, who once
        wrote that as a progressive philosopher he owes more to
        Jesus for certain key progressive notions, such as
        compassion and equality, than to any of the classical
        writers. Analogously, in his book, Why I am Not a
        Christian, Bertrand Russell conceded that, although he
        took Jesus to be no more than a humanistic moral
        prophet, modern progressivism is indebted to Christ for
        the ideal of compassion.
        
            In short, in order to recognize the crucial
        contributions that the coming of Christ brought into
        modern movements of political economy, one does not
        have to be a Christian. One may take a quite secular
        point of view and still give credit where credit is
        due.
        
            Here, then, are the seven major contributions made
        by Jesus to our modern conceptions of political
        economy.
        
        
                    To Bring Judaism to the Gentiles
        
        From Jerusalem, that crossroads between three
        continents open to the East and West, North and South,
        Jesus brought recognition of the One God, the Creator.
        The name this God gave to Himself is "I AM WHO AM"--He
        is, as opposed to the rest of us, who have no necessary
        or permanent hold on being. He is the One who IS; other
        things are those who are, but also are not. He is the
        Creator of all things. All things that are depend upon
        Him. As all things spring from His action in creating
        them, so they depend upon Him for their being
        maintained in existence, their "standing out from"
        nothingness [Ex + sistere, L., to stand out from].
        
            The term "Creator" implies a free person; it
        suggests that creation was a free act, an act that did
        not flow from necessity. It was an act of intelligence,
        it was a choice, and it was willed. The Creator knew
        what He was doing, and He willed it; that is, "He saw
        that it is good." From this notion of the One
        God/Creator, three practical corollaries for human
        action follow.
        
           Be intelligent. Made in the image of God, we should
        be attentive and intelligent, as our Creator is.
        
            Trust liberty. As God loved us, so it is fitting
        for us to respond with love. Since in creating us He
        knew what He was doing and He willed it, we have every
        reason to trust His will. He created us with
        understanding and free will; creation was a free act.
        Since He made us in His image, well ought we to say
        with Jefferson: "The God who gave us life gave us
        liberty."
        
             Understand that history has a beginning, and an
        end. At a certain moment, time was created by God. Time
        is directed toward "building up the Kingdom  of
        God...on earth as in heaven." Creation is directed
        toward final union with its Creator.
        
            As many scholars have noted, the idea of
        "progress," like the idea of "creation," are not Greek
        ideas--nor are they Roman. The Greeks preferred notions
        of the necessary procession of the world from a First
        Principle. While in a limited sense they understood the
        progress of ideas, skills, and technologies and also
        saw how these could be lost, in general, they viewed
        history as a cycle of endless return. They lacked a
        notion of historical progress. The idea of history as a
        category distinct from nature is a Hebrew rather than a
        Greek idea.
        
            Analogously, as Lord Acton argued in the essays he
        prepared for his History of Liberty, liberty is an idea
        coincident with the spread of Christianity. Up to a
        point, the idea of liberty is a Jewish idea. Every
        story in the Bible is about a drama involving the human
        will. In one chapter, King David is faithful to his
        Lord; in another unfaithful. The suspense always lies
        in what he will choose next. Nonetheless, Judaism is
        not a missionary religion; normally one receives
        Judaism by being born of a Jewish mother; in this
        sense, Judaism is rooted in genealogy rather than in
        liberty. Beyond this point, Christianity expanded the
        notion of liberty and made it universal. The Christian
        idea of liberty remains rooted in the liberty of the
        Creator, as in Judaism. Through Christianity, this
        Jewish idea becomes the inheritance of all the other
        peoples on earth.
        
            Recognition of the One God/Creator means that the
        fundamental attitude of human beings toward God is, and
        ought to be, receptivity. All that we are we have
        received from God. This is true both of our creation
        and our redemption. God acts first. We respond.
        Everything is a gift. "Everything we look upon is
        blessed" (Yeats). "Grace is everywhere" (Bernanos).
        Thus, offering thanksgiving is our first moral
        obligation.
        
            It is difficult to draw out, in brief compass, all
        the implications for political economy of the fact that
        history begins in the free act of the Creator, who made
        humans in His image and who gave them both existence
        and an impulse toward communion with their first
        breath. In this act of creation, in any case, Jefferson
        properly located (and it was the sense of the American
        people) not only the origin of the inner core of human
        rights: "...and endowed by their Creator with certain
        inalienable rights, including...," but also the
        perspective of providential history: "When in the
        course of human events..." The Americans were aware of
        creating something "new": a new world, a new order, a
        new science of politics. As children of the Creator,
        they felt no taboo against originality; on the
        contrary, they thought it their vocation.
        
        
                      Father, Son, and Holy Spirit
        
        When Jesus spoke of God, He spoke of the communion of
        three persons in one. This means that, in God, the
        mystery of being and the mystery of communion are one.
        Unlike the Greeks such as Parmedides, Plato, and
        Aristotle, who thought of God or the Nous as One,
        living in solitary isolation, the Christian world was
        taught by Jesus to think of God as a communion of
        three. In other words, the mystery of communion, or
        community, is one with the very mystery of being. The
        sheer fact that we are alive sometimes comes over us at
        dusk on an autumn day, as we walk across a corn field
        and in the tang of the evening air hear a crow lift off
        against the sky. We may pause then to wonder, in
        admiration and gratitude. We could so easily have not
        been, and yet we are, at least for these fragile
        moments. Soon another generation will take our place,
        and tramp over the same field. We experience wonder at
        the sheer fact: At this moment, we are. And we also
        apprehend the fact that we are part of a long
        procession of the human community in time; and that we
        are, by the grace of God, one with God. To exist is
        already something to marvel at; so great a communion is
        even more so. Our wonder is not so much doubled; it is
        squared, infinitely multiplied.
        
            This recognition of the Trinity is not without
        significance for political economy. First, it inspires
        us with a new respect for an ideal of community not
        often found on this earth, a community in which each
        person is separate, distinct, and independent, and yet
        in which there is, nonetheless, communion. It teaches
        us that the relation between community and person is
        deeper and richer that we might have imagined.
        Christians should not simply lose themselves in
        community, having their personality and independence
        merge into an undifferentiated mass movement. On the
        contrary, Christianity teaches us that in true
        community the distinctness and independence of each
        person are also crucial. Persons reach their full
        development only in community with others. No matter
        how highly developed in himself or herself, a totally
        isolated person, cut-off from others, is regarded as
        something of a monster. In parallel, a community that
        refuses to recognize the autonomy of individual persons
        often uses individuals as means to "the common good,"
        rather than treating persons as ends in themselves.
        Such communities are coercive and tyrannical.
        
            Christianity, in short, opens up the ideal of
        catholicity which has always been a mark of true
        Christianity. Katholike means all of humanity, the
        whole human world. In this world, persons, and even
        cultures, are distinct, and have their own autonomy and
        claim on our respect. E pluribus unum. The many form
        one; but the one does not melt the many into the lowest
        common denominator. The many retain their individual
        vitality, and for this they show gratitude to the
        community that allows them, in fact encourages them, to
        do so. Person and community must be defined in terms of
        each other.
        
        
                          The Children of God
        
        In Plato's Republic, citizens were divided in this way:
        A few were of gold, a slightly larger body of silver,
        and the vast majority of lead. The last had the souls
        of slaves and, therefore, were properly enslaved. Only
        persons of gold are truly to be treated as ends in
        themselves. For Judaism and Christianity, on the
        contrary, the God who made every single child gave
        worth and dignity to each of them, however weak or
        vulnerable. "What you do unto the least of these, you
        do unto me." God identified Himself with the most
        humble and most vulnerable.
        
            Our Creator knows each of us by name, and
        understands our own individuality with a far greater
        clarity that we ourselves do; after all, He made us.
        (Thomas Aquinas once wrote that God is infinite, and so
        when He creates human beings in His image, He must in
        fact create an infinite number of them to mirror back
        His own infinity.) Each of us reflects only a small
        fragment of God's identity. If one of us is lost, the
        image of God intended to be reflected by that one is
        lost. The image of God reflected in the human becomes
        distorted.
        
            In this respect, Judaism and Christianity grant a
        fundamental equality in the sight of God to all human
        beings, whatever their talents or station. This
        equality arises because God penetrates below any
        artificial rank, honor, or station that may on the
        surface differentiate one from another. He sees past
        those things. He sees into us. He sees us as we are in
        our uniqueness, and it is that uniqueness that He
        values. Let us call this form of equality by the clumsy
        but useful name, equality-as-uniqueness. Before God, we
        have equal weight in our uniqueness, not because we are
        the same, but because each of us is different. Each is
        made by God after an original design.
        
            This conception of equality-uniqueness is quite
        different from the modern "progressive" or socialist
        conception of equality-sameness. The Christian notion
        is not a levelling notion. Neither does it delight in
        uniformity. On the contrary, it tries to pay heed to,
        and give respect to, the unique image of God in each
        person.
        
            For most of its history, Christianity, like
        Judaism, flourished in hierarchical societies. While
        recognizing that every single person lives and moves in
        sight of God's judgment and is equally a creature of
        God, Christianity has also rejoiced in the differences
        among us and between us. God did not make us equal in
        talent, ability, character, office, calling, or
        fortune.
        
            Equality-uniqueness is not the same as equality-
        sameness. The first recognizes our claim to a unique
        identity and dignity. The second desires to take away
        what is unique and to submerge it in uniformity. Thus,
        modern movements such as socialism have taken the
        original Christian impulse of equality, which they
        inherited, and disfigured it. Like Christianity, modern
        socialist movements reject the stratification of
        citizens into gold, silver, and lead, as in Plato's
        scheme. But, since they are materialistic at root,
        their traditional impulse has been to pull people down,
        to place all on the same level, to enforce uniformity.
        This program is inexorably coercive, unlovely, and
        depressing.
        
        
                               Compassion
        
        It is true that virtually all peoples have traditions
        of compassion for the suffering, care for those in
        need, and concern for others. However, in most
        religious traditions, these movements of the heart are
        limited to one's own family, kin, nation, or culture.
        In some cultures, young males in particular have to be
        hard and insensitive to pain, so that they will be
        sufficiently cruel to enemies. Terror is the instrument
        intended to drive outsiders away from the territory of
        the tribe. In principle (though not always in
        practice), Christianity opposes this limitation on
        compassion. It teaches people the impulse to reach out,
        especially to the most vulnerable, to the poor, the
        hungry, the wretched, those in prison, the hopeless,
        the sick, and others. It tells humans to love their
        enemies. It teaches a universal compassion. It teaches
        people to see the dignity even of those who in the eyes
        of the world have lost their dignity, and those who are
        helpless to act on their own behalf. This is the
        "solidarity" whose necessity for modernity Rorty
        perceives.
        
            In the name of compassion, Christianity tries to
        humble the mighty and to prod the rich into concern for
        the poor. It does not turn the young male away from
        being a warrior, but it does teach him to model himself
        on Christ, and thus to become a new type of male in
        human history: the knight bound by a code of
        compassion, the gentleman. It teaches him to learn, to
        be meek, humble, peaceable, kind, and generous. It
        introduces a new and fruitful tension between the
        warrior and the gentlemen, magnanimity and humility,
        meekness and fierce ambition.
        
        
                           A Universal Family
        
        Christianity has taught human beings that an underlying
        imperative of history is to bring about a law-like,
        peaceable community, among all people of good will on
        the entire earth. For political economy, Christianity
        proposes a new ideal: the entire human race is a
        universal family, created by the one same God, and
        urged to love that God. Yet at the same time,
        Christianity (like Judaism before it) is also the
        religion of a particular kind of God: not the Deity who
        looks down on all things from an olympian height but,
        in Christianity's case, a God who became incarnate. The
        Christian God, incarnate, was carried in the womb of a
        single woman, among a particular people, at a precise
        intersection of time and space, and nourished in a
        local community then practically unknown to the rest of
        the peoples on this planet. Christianity is a religion
        of the concrete and the universal. It pays attention to
        the flesh, the particular, the concrete, and each
        single intersection of space and time; its God is the
        God who made and cares for every lily of the field,
        every blade of grass, every hair on the head of each of
        us. Its God is the God of singulars, the God who
        Himself became a singular man. At the same time, the
        Christian God is the Creator of all.
        
            In a sense, this Christian God goes beyond
        contemporary conceptions of "individualism" and
        "communitarianism." With 18th-century British statesman
        and philosopher Edmund Burke, Christianity sees the
        need for proper attention to every "little platoon" of
        society, to the immediate neighborhood, to the
        immediate family. Our social policies must be
        incarnate, must be rooted in the actual flesh of
        concrete people in their actual local, intimate worlds.
        At the same time, Christianity directs the attention of
        these little communities toward the larger communities
        of which they are a part. On the one hand, Christianity
        forbids them to be merely parochial or xenophobic. On
        the other hand, it warns them against becoming
        premature universalists, one-worlders, gnostics
        pretending to be pure spirits, and detached from all
        the limits and beauties of concrete flesh. Christianity
        gives warning against both extremes. It instructs us
        about the precarious balance between concrete and
        universal in our own nature. This is the mystery of
        catholicity.
        
        
                            "I Am the Truth"
        
        The Creator of all things has total insight into all
        things. He knows what He has created. This gives the
        weak, modest minds of human beings the vocation to use
        their minds relentlessly, in order to penetrate the
        hidden layers of intelligibility that God has written
        into His creation. Everything in creation is in
        principle understandable: In fact, at every moment
        everything is understood by Him, who is eternal and
        therefore simultaneously present to all things. (In God
        there is no history, no past-present-future. In His
        insight into reality, all things are as if
        simultaneous. Even though in history they may unfold
        sequentially, they are all at once, that is,
        simultaneously, open to His contemplation.)
        
            Our second president, John Adams, wrote that in
        giving us a notion of God as the Source of all truth,
        and the Judge of all, the Hebrews laid before the human
        race the possibility of civilization. Before the
        undeceivable Judgment of God, the Light of Truth cannot
        be deflected by riches, wealth, or worldly power. Armed
        with this conviction, Jews and Christians are empowered
        to use their intellects and to search without fear into
        the causes of things, their relationships, their
        powers, and their purposes. This understanding of Truth
        makes humans free. For Christianity does not teach that
        Truth is an illusion based upon the opinions of those
        in power, or merely a rationalization of powerful
        interests in this world. Christianity is not
        deconstructionist, and it is certainly not
        totalitarian. Its commitment to Truth beyond human
        purposes is, in fact, a rebuke to all totalitarian
        schemes and all nihilist cynicism.
        
            Moreover, by locating Truth (with a capital T) in
        God, beyond our poor powers fully to comprehend,
        Christianity empowers human reason. It does so by
        inviting us to use our heads as best we can, to discern
        the evidences that bring us as close to Truth as human
        beings can attain. It endows human beings with a
        vocation to inquire endlessly, relentlessly, to give
        play to the unquenchable eros of the desire to
        understand--that most profoundly restless drive to know
        that teaches human beings their own finitude while it
        also informs them of their participation in the
        infinite.
        
            The notion of Truth is crucial to civilization. As
        Thomas Aquinas held, civilization is constituted by
        conversation. Civilized persons persuade one another
        through argument. Barbarians club one another into
        submission. Civilization requires citizens to recognize
        that they do not possess the truth, but must be
        possessed by it, to the degree possible to them. Truth
        matters greatly. But Truth is greater than any one of
        us. We do not possess it; it possesses us. Therefore,
        humans must learn such civilizing habits as being
        respectful and open to others, listening attentively,
        trying to see aspects of the Truth that they do not as
        yet see. Because the search for Truth is vital to each
        of us, humans must argue with each other, urge each
        other onward, point out deficiencies in one another's
        arguments, and open the way for greater participation
        in the Truth by every one of us.
        
            In this respect, the search for Truth makes us not
        only humble but also civil. It teaches us why we hold
        that every single person has an inviolable dignity:
        Each is made in the image of the Creator to perform
        noble acts, such as to understand, to deliberate, to
        choose, to love. These noble activities of human beings
        cannot be repressed without repressing the Image of God
        in them. Such an act would be doubly sinful. It
        violates the other person, and it is an offense against
        God.
        
            One of the ironies of our present age is that the
        great philosophical advocates of the Enlightenment no
        longer believe in Reason (with a capital R). They have
        surrendered their confidence in the vocation of Reason
        to cynics such as to the post-modernists and
        deconstructionists. Such philosophers (Sophists,
        Socrates called them) hold that there is no Truth, that
        all things are relative, and that the great realities
        of life are power and interest. So we have come to an
        ironic pass. The children of the Enlightenment have
        abandoned Reason, while those they have considered
        unenlightened and living in darkness, the people of
        Jewish and Christian faith, remain today reason's
        (without a capital R) best defenders. For believing
        Jews and Christians ground their confidence in reason
        in the Creator of all reason, and their confidence in
        understanding in the One who understands everything He
        made--and loves it, besides.
        
            There can be no civilization of reason, or of love,
        without this faith in the vocation of reason.
        
        
                         The Name of God: Mercy
        
        Christianity teaches realistically not only the glories
        of human beings-- their being made in the image of God-
        -but also their sins, weaknesses, and evil tendencies.
        Judaism and Christianity are not utopian; they are
        quite realistic about human beings. They try to
        understand humans as they are, as God sees them both in
        their sins and in the graces that He grants them. This
        sharp awareness of human sinfulness was very important
        to the American founding.
        
            Without ever using the term "original sin," the
        Founders were, in such documents as The Federalist,
        eloquent about the flaws, weaknesses, and evils to
        which human beings are prone. Therefore, they designed
        a republic that would last, not only among saints, but
        also among sinners. (There is no point in building a
        Republic for saints; there are too few of them;
        besides, the ones who do exist are too difficult to
        live with.) If you want to make a Republic that will
        last, you must construct it for sinners, because
        sinners are not just a moral majority, they are
        virtually a moral unanimity.
        
            Christianity teaches that at every moment the God
        who made us is judging how well we make use of our
        liberty. And the first word of Christianity in this
        respect is: "Fear not. Be not afraid." For Christianity
        teaches that Truth is ordered to mercy. Truth is not,
        thank God, ordered first of all to justice. For if
        Truth were ordered to strict justice, not one of us
        would stand against the gale.
        
            God is just, true, but the more accurate name for
        Him is not justice, but rather mercy. (The Latin root
        of this word conveys the idea more clearly:
        Misericordia comes from miseris + cor--give one's heart
        to les miserables, the wretched ones.) This name of
        God, Misericordia, according to St. Thomas Aquinas, is
        God's most fitting name. Toward our misery, He opens
        His heart. Precisely as sinners, He accepts us. "At the
        heart of Christianity lies the sinner," Charles P‚guy
        wrote.
        
            Yet mercy is only possible because of Judgment.
        Judgment Day is the Truth on which civilization is
        grounded. No matter the currents of opinion in our
        time, or any time, may be; no matter what the powers
        and principalities may say or do; no matter the
        solicitations pressing upon us from our families,
        friends, associates, and larger culture; no matter what
        the pressures may be--we will still be under the
        Judgment of the One who is undeceivable, who knows what
        is in us, and who knows the movements of our souls more
        clearly than we know them ourselves. In His Light, we
        are called to bring a certain honesty into our own
        lives, into our dealings with others, and into our
        respect for the Light that God has imparted to every
        human being. It is on this basis that human beings may
        be said to have inalienable rights, and dignity, and
        infinite worth.
        
        
                           Jesus, the Teacher
        
        These seven recognitions lie at the root of Jewish-
        Christian civilization, the one that is today evasively
        called "Western civilization." From them, we get our
        deepest and most powerful notions of truth, liberty,
        community, person, conscience, equality, compassion,
        mercy, and virtue. These are the deepest ideals and
        energies working in our culture, as yeast works in
        dough, as a seed falling into the ground dies and
        becomes a spreading mustard tree.
        
            These are practical recognitions. They have effects
        in every person and in every moment of life, and
        throughout society. If you stifle these notions, if you
        wipe them out, the institutions of the free society
        become unworkable. In this sense, a U.S. Supreme Court
        Justice once wrote, "Our institutions presuppose a
        Supreme Being." They do not presuppose any Supreme
        Being. They presuppose the God of Judaism and
        Christianity. And not only our institutions presuppose
        these realities. So do our conceptions of our own
        identity, and the daily actions of our own lives.
        Remove these religious foundations from our intellects,
        our lives, and the free society--in its complex checks
        and balances, and its highly articulated divisions of
        power--becomes incoherent to understanding and
        unworkable in practice.
        
            For the present form of the free society,
        therefore, we owe a great deal to the intervention of
        Jesus Christ in history. In bringing those of us who
        are not Jewish the Word that brings life, in giving us
        a nobler conception of what it is to be human, and in
        giving us insight into our own weaknesses and sins,
        Jesus shed light available from no other source. Better
        than the philosophers, Jesus Christ is the teacher of
        many lessons indispensible for the working of the free
        society. These lessons may be, and have been
        secularized--but not without losing their center, their
        coherence, and their long-term persuasive power.
        
            But that alone would be as nothing, of course, if
        we did not learn from Jesus that we, all of us,
        participate in His life, and in living with Him, live
        in, with and through the Father and the Holy Spirit in
        a glorious community of love. For what would it profit
        us, if we gained the whole world, and all the free
        institutions that flourish with it, and lost our own
        souls?
        
             ---------------------------------------------
        
        Michael Novak, former U.S. ambassador to the Human
        Rights Commission of the United Nations, currently
        holds the George Frederick Jewett Chair in Religion and
        Public Policy at the American Enterprise Institute in
        Washington, D.C.
        
            He is the author of a dozen books, including: The
        Catholic Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism, This
        Hemisphere of Liberty, Freedom with Justice, The Spirit
        of Democratic Capitalism, and Belief and UnBelief.
        
            The Polish Solidarity movement and the Czech
        underground studied translations (often secretly and
        illegally) in the 1970s, as did members of pro-
        democratic movements in South Korea, Chile, Argentina,
        Venezuela, and the Philippines, and China in the 1980s.
        Pope John Paul II's Centesimus Annus, published in
        1991, is widely regarded as having been influenced by
        Mr. Novak's writings, and in her memoirs former British
        Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher noted that they
        "proved the intellectual basis of my approach to those
        great questions brought together in political parlance
        as 'the quality of life.'"
        
            In  May of 1994, Mr. Novak was awarded the
        Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion.
        
                                  ###
        +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
          End of this issue of Imprimis, On Line; Information
           about the electronic publisher, Applied Foresight,
                   Inc., is in the file, IMPR_BY.TXT
        +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
        
