Archive-name: Family/gabby.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sisterly Love Chapter #1 

  
I was asleep in bed when I felt a thumping on my shoulder and 
quickly turned to see the cause.  I squinted in the bright 
morning sun and my sister, Gabriella, spoke, "Hey, get up...I'm 
making breakfast."  

I glanced up at the clock and noticed it was already noon.  I 
nodded to my sister that I was soon getting up and she began to 
leave my room.  She stopped at my door and said, "Mom and dad 
went downtown for the day...we're supposed to make dinner, too."  

I got out from bed as soon Gabby had left.  I pulled some clothes 
from the floor and went into the bathroom across from my room.  I 
washed up, got dressed and then went upfront to the kitchen.  
Gabby greeted me, "I made pancakes, o.k?  That's your juice..."  

I picked up the glass and downed the orange drink in one large 
slurp.  I sat at the table and waited for my breakfast.  Gabby 
often makes breakfast for me when we are the only one's home.  

As I sat and waited, the sun suddenly broke free and a blanket of 
light shone through the blinds and drenched the room in a 
comfortable, warm, wave of energy.  I looked over to my sister 
and noticed she was still in her nightgown.  Gabby is very open 
about herself around the family, especially me.  It is not 
unusual for her to be in her nightgown, however, she wore no 
panties either.  Her small breasts were clearly noticable behind 
her faint blue nightgown.  As the sun entered the room it was 
also impossible to overlook her excessively hairy and dark crotch 
from under her nightie.  She acted quite unstirred, and walked 
over to me with my plate of food.  At this distance I tried not 
to look too obvious and therefore I didn't stare at her.  She 
took a seat next to me at the table and said, "It sure looks like 
a nice day, huh?"  I replied, still not looking, "Yeh, it's 
supposed to be real hot."  At one point during breakfast she 
yawned and stretched her arms above her head.  I glanced at her 
and peeked at her pointy breasts against the soft fabric of her 
gown.  I often wondered if she purposefully displayed herself 
just for her, and my, enjoyment.  I began to think of her as 
quite a seductress...and expositionist.  She is my sister, but 
nonetheless, is entirely sexy and it is hard for me not to take 
advantage of her gestures.  

I finished my pancakes and took my dishes to the sink.  I stopped 
in the kitchen and spoke aloud, "I dunno what I'm gonna do today.  
I think there's basketball on later."  

Gabby stood and walked from the room talking, "I'm gonna 
shower...if Jen calls, tell her I'll call her back."  

Gabby left for the shower and by the time I had gone in the back 
to my room, I heard the water running.  I couldn't help but 
notice my sister at breakfast and now wanted to see more.  After 
a painfully slow half hour, the shower stopped and I made a plan.  
I went into the bathroom across from my room where the hair dryer 
is kept.  I skillfully placed it far in the back under the sink.  
I knew my sister always came out in a towel and figured as she 
bent down to get the dryer, I could catch a good view of her ass.  

Soon, Gabby did come from the shower and, as expected, was in a 
towel.  Her towel was unusually small and barely covered her 
body.  In fact I could see the bend of her plump bottom.  I went 
into my room, near the doorway, and waited innocently as Gabby 
went for the dryer.  Almost perfectly, she opened the sink doors 
and searched for the dryer.  Upon not seeing it initially, she 
bent way forward and felt around for a good ten seconds before 
finding the dryer.  All the while, as she was bent forward, her 
lavishly wooly ass appeared to me.  I quickly turned away just as 
she turned towards me.  

I followed her in the corner of my eye as she went and sat in my 
parents room to dry her hair in the mirror.  I entered the room 
and stood next to her looking for something on the counter in 
front of her.  I glanced down at her and noticed that her towel 
fell in such a manner that exposed the very edges of her pubic 
region.  I wondered if she had purposefully laid it in such a 
way.  I was still at the mirror when she dropped her brush to the 
floor.  She bent from her chair and reached for it.  As she did, 
her towel completely fell away to expose her ink black hairy 
crotch.  Gabby caught me looking at her and I quickly removed my 
eyes.  She said nothing about this, but rather spoke, "Hey, do 
you know where the nail clippers are?"  I remembered they were in 
my room and I told her so.  I then went to my room to get them 
for her.  However, as I began to bring them back to her I was 
stopped because she was coming into my room to get them.  She 
took them from me and noticed that my computer was on.  She took 
a seat before the keyboard and asked what I was doing.  I told 
her I was just messing around, but she then began to play with 
the mouse and started clicking on my folders.  

By dreadful chance she opened my word processing folder in which 
I recently placed an x-rated story I had just downloaded the 
night before.  I hoped she wouldn't notice the descriptive 
filename, "SISTERS.TXT'.  Unfortunately she did.  

"What's this?", Gabby asked to my startlement.  

I tried to play it off, "Oh, it's some stupid thing I got last 
night...it's pretty dumb."  

Sure enough, she clicked on it and in a few seconds the text was 
at her disposal.  It was very ironic because the story told of 
how two sisters seduced their brother.  She read for a few 
seconds and then looked at me, "Oh...now I see why you use this 
so much."  I had no reply and she continued to read on.  The 
story was very explicit and I was very embarassed.  

When she finally finished, she stood up from the chair and sat on 
my bed.  I noticed, even from under her towel, that her nipples 
were erect from reading the story.  Gabby softly asked, "Does 
that turn you on?"  I was quite startled and again tried to play 
off the question.  I stated my false position, "It's just some 
stupid story...there's millions like it."  My sis is quite wise 
and did not accept my answer.  She rose and approached me.  She 
stopped a few feet from me and almost whispered, "C'mon, you can 
tell me...I'll tell you it turns me on....as you can tell," she 
motioned at her aroused nipples.  I was getting excited now and 
wasn't sure how to react to my sister's questions.  Gabby took a 
stand and loudly asked, "Does that story turn you on....do I turn 
you on like the two sisters in the story....do you wish you were 
Jed?"  Jed, was the lucky guy in the story.  Again I didn't 
answer any of her questions.  

This is where my sister really got out of line and began her 
enticement.  She asked repeatedly if she turned me on, but this 
time my horny sister peeled the towel from her chest.  She held 
her towel below her bosom and her small white tits stuck out at 
me.  I was entranced by now and couldn't move...I simply watched 
in amazement.  Gabby began to fully seduce me and started talking 
dirty to me.  She looked down at herself and asked, "Do you like 
my little tits?  Don't lie...I've seen you stare at me.."  I 
didn't answer.  Again I stood and watched.  My sweet sis' then 
started to run her fingers along her bust, squeezing and tickling 
her sweaty bosom.  Gabby sensually spoke, "Do you like my tits?  
How bout you come find out what they feel like."  She still held 
up the towel covering her body from her chest down.  I didn't 
approach her and I think she took this as a dare.  It wasn't 
meant in such a manner.  My sister took a step closer and 
whispered her heated breath in my ear, "Oh, I know what my 
brother wants.  You don't like my tits...how bout' my puss, 
little brother.  I've seen you try to see my puss, I should have 
known."  I couldn't argue for she was right.  She had offered her 
pussy but Gabby still covered it up.  She took my hands and 
pushed them down towards her legs.  I wasn't thinking and soon I 
had much desire for my sister....I couldn't hold back, she was 
too beautiful.  I felt the yarn of the towel on my fingers and 
soon felt my sister's lips upon my mouth.  Her spicy tongue began 
to stroke my teeth and tongue.  When she finished her kiss, I 
looked down and noticed she had since removed the towel.  Her 
pussy was very cute, and fantastically covered with hair.  I had 
never seen a vagina that had been so generously topped with pubic 
hair.  Her black strands formed quite a pile atop her vagina, and 
some hair was begining to grow up near her belly.  I looked at my 
sis and didn't know what to do.  
   
However, my sister said, "Well, c'mon my brother, don't ya want 
to taste your sister's sweet, tangy pussy?"  I did, but I also 
still had some reservations about her being my sister.  She did 
not help to relief my decision and really turned up the heat.  
Gabby began running her fingers through her black hairs.  She 
bent down slightly as her hand felt around between her legs and 
popped into her vagina.  She wasn't very loose, suprisingly 
(considering how she acts), and her cunt was very enticing.  As 
she slid her sweaty finger into her anatomy she tried to invite 
me, "C'mon...baby, I know you're my brother, but don't you want 
to at least taste my puss...I mean, c'mon, just eat me and smell 
me.  I know you want to."  She was very correct, and I now had 
decided to do so.  

I slowly got nearer to her and fell to my knees.  Gabby helped me 
by easing her cunt apart so I could enjoy myself.  I was very 
impressed with my sister's vagina.  I had expected it very loose 
and nasty, but it was just fine.  I was close enough now to suck 
her.  She again persuaded, "That's it...look at it, its so sweet 
I know you want to eat my pussy."  With that push I closed my 
eyes and drifted my tongue against her hairy flesh.  I wasn't 
looking, but her vagina was so hot and felt so good that I went 
further.  I could sense my tongue falling into the very hole of 
her ecstacy.  She tasted very salty, and her secretions flowed 
profusely.  I didn't think she could have an orgasm from me 
eating her so I stopped and stood up.  

My sister was very perverse now and said, "Good..you still have 
some of my juice on your lips...lemme taste it."  With that she 
began to lick around my lips.  She moaned as if she was slurping 
from the bowl of the Gods.  "Hey, my turn...", Gabby commanded.  
Her hand undid my pants and slid them to my knees.   My flush 
penis plunged out and slapped against her belly.  Gabby took it 
in her fingers and stuck it between her legs.  For a moment I 
thought I had penetrated her vagina, but rather she safely 
slipped it between the base of her ass cheeks.  I was ready to 
cum and Gabby noticed my face.  Swiftly she fell to her knees and 
positioned her face to catch my spurts.  Before she could even 
take me in her mouth I shot my boiling cream all in her hair.  
She skillfully caught my after bursts as they dripped slowly from 
my penis.  Why she wanted to taste my cum, I don't know.  She 
tried to kiss me soon after but I backed off, for I didn't want 
to taste my own orgasm.  Gabby spoke, "That was nice...did you 
like my honey?"  I quickly complimented my horny sister on her 
nice cunt.  Before leaving the room, she turned to me and said, 
"I bet you did like it...Julie said any man would love it!"  I 
almost immediately arose again, just from the thought of my 
sister making love to another girl.  But I was worn out and Gabby 
left for her room.  All in all, it was a pretty enjoyable 
encounter.  

The End.  
  
--
