                       A Girl Brown-Gagged
                       ===================

A girl is lying on her back on an operating table.  The over-
built steel frame and pedestal look like any other old-fashioned
operating table; but the surface is only 20 inches wide at the
top, tapering to 9 inches wide at the foot and is only a few
inches longer than the girl herself.  Numerous bars and attach-
ment points indicate that the table is designed to accommodate
many accessories and straps.  The thin layer of firm horsehair
padding is covered with heavy black rubber.

The girl is tightly cocooned from neck to toe in a heavy canvas
mummy-bag which is thickly padded with horsehair and reinforced
with sturdy leather in numerous areas.  Her arms are held in
internal sleeves that form tubes down the inside of the mummy-
bag, from her armpits to the closed ends below her fingertips.
Her hands are immobilized by insertion in tightly-laced padded
gloves before being forced into the internal sleeves of the
mummy-bag.  Outside the gloves had no fingers, but inside each
finger had been inserted into a padded cavity.

The only opening in the mummy-bag reaches from the tight-fitting
neck to her crotch and is closed with a heavy-duty zipper.  The
zipper is obscured by the subsequent lacing which extends from
neck to ankle ensuring the tightest possible fit.  A number of
separate laces have been used to cinch the mummy-bag tight and
each lace has been knotted when wet to make it impossible to
loosen without cutting.

Fifteen two inch wide canvas straps encircle the mummy-bag and
force the contents to bulge out between.  Each strap is fastened
at the front of the mummy-bag with a locking buckle.  Even if the
zipper had not been locked and the ends of the laces not knotted
while wet, it would be impossible to release the occupant without
a key to the numerous locking buckles and straps.  Each strap
passes through numerous loops, sewn and riveted to the mummy-bag,
to ensure that the strap cannot slip or be forced up or down.
Additional straps, which are an integral part of the mummy-bag,
hold her arms inside the internal sleeves at wrist, forearm and
bicep and fasten outside the bag.  Clearly these straps serve no
purpose other than to prevent any possible rotation of the arms
since the internal sleeve construction already prevents any
possibility of withdrawing the arms from their tubes.

Beneath the mummy-bag the girl is laced into a cruel shoulder
brace that wrenches her shoulders back to their limit.  A large
steel staple is attached to the top of each shoulder of the brace
and has been passed through corresponding slits in the shoulder
of the mummy-bag.  Steel cables connect the staples to corre-
sponding posts attached to the top of the table.  The shoulder
brace in turn is securely fastened to the long corset that the
girl is wearing.

Prior to insertion in the mummy-bag each ankle had been locked in
rigid 3 inch wide steel cuffs.  These cuffs are welded directly
together and the edges bound with leather.  A steel staple is
welded to the outside of each cuff.  After insertion in the
mummy-bag these staples had been pulled through corresponding
slits in the mummy-bag and attached to a winch at the bottom of
the operating table using steel cables.  In case the occupant
should stretch during the course of her sojourn high-tension
rubber straps were used to supplement the chains.  A couple of
turns of the winch had ensured that the girl was stretched tautly
and that there was no possibility of the cocoon slipping up or
down the table.  The tension has not been relieved since it was
initially applied.

A twelve inch wide strap passing over the feet (outside the
mummy-bag) and fastening beneath the table is forcing her feet
into an exaggerated en-pointe ballet position with considerable
force.  Anybody who has experienced this will appreciate the
unbearable cramps in the legs of the occupant.

Three inch wide straps at ankle, knee, thigh, waist, chest,
shoulders and neck run through additional loops sewn and riveted
to the mummy-bag.  They bind her already immobilized and cocooned
body to the table.  These straps run through infinitely adjust-
able buckles that allow the user to exert considerable force
during the tightening process without any loss of tension when
released.  These buckles also lock to ensure that no unauthorized
release or relief can be given.

The headrest can be tilted and adjusted in any direction before
being locked in position.  The particular headrest in use at the
moment allows free access around the back of the neck and the
sides of the face below the earlobes.  The two sides of the
headrest (hollowed out and padded) have been screwed tightly
either side of her head, crushing her ears painfully.  The two
halves almost meet except at the eyes where the shells are shaped
to permit limited eyesight and at the nose where there is just
sufficient room for her nose to pass.  A separate headrest
attachment has been adjusted to keep her chin and jaw pushed up
and her head locked into the headrest shell.  Speakers are built
into the headrest to allow the occupant to hear through her ears
which are otherwise muffled by the headrest shells.

Her hair is plaited from the crown of her head and the plait
hangs through the gap at the top of the headrest shell, over a
bar, and down toward the floor.  A chain had been entwined in her
plait and now a 50 pound weight swings from the end of the chain.
Clamps hold her eyelids open and are locked in position.

They had strapped her into the mummy-bag and left her in total
darkness after telling her that they would return to administer
her real punishment after she had had time to consider her
situation.  She had no idea how long she would have to wait.  She
had no idea what the eventual punishment would be.  She could
only lie in dread and wait for the inevitable.  That was 48 hours
ago.

She could not move.  There was no light in her underground cell.
There was no sound other than the terrible hissing that came from
the speakers in her headrest.  The hissing masked any noise that
might have otherwise penetrated the stone walls of her cell and
never varied in pitch or volume.  There were no meals.  She was
being nourished and watered through an intravenous supply.  There
was absolutely nothing to do but ponder her fate.  But if this
was not already "the punishment" she hated to think what "the
punishment" may be.  She had no idea whether hours or weeks had
passed and had begun to think that they may have left her to
slowly die.  She wished that she could die right now to end her
many physical and mental torments.


A Girl Brown-Gagged -- Part 2

I will adopt the adage OOSOOM (out of sight out of mind) that is
so popular in this institution and not concern myself with the
other restraints and torments the girl may be suffering beneath
the mummy-bag.  Neither will I attempt to describe the torments
resulting from her restraints, prolonged immobilization, cramped
position, fear and severe sensory deprivation.  Even if the girl
were able to speak it is most unlikely that she would be able to
coherently describe the nature and extent of her sufferings
within the mummy-bag.  Let it suffice to say that, when the girl
wishes that she were dead, she is absolutely serious.

Two nuns enter the room and switch on the lights.  After her
sojourn in total darkness the bright lights are excruciatingly
painful and her eyelids strain at the clamps as they try to shut
out the blinding light.  Her heart pounds.  "This is it.  Are
they returning to complete my punishment, or are they going to
release me?  Please God, make them release me.  I can't take
anymore.  Please God.  Please please God................." the
girl pleads silently.

The older nun presses a button on the black box beneath the
table.  She presses the button on and off a number of times as
she explains to the younger nun that "The use of electrodes
placed in sensitive places ensures that there is no slack in the
restraints.  If there was any slack you would see it when the
current is switched on.  The Duty Sister has done a good job with
these straps, you can't even see the cocoon shudder."  She
presses the button and keeps it depressed.  "Sometimes, a girl is
so tightly restrained you can't see her move even when you keep
the current turned on."  Still no movement.  They look at each
other.  "I saw the Duty Sister insert and apply the electrodes
but I wonder if she forgot to connect the power supply!  We
should be able to tell by the screeches and rattles from her
throat.  See what I mean?"

The younger nun moves closer, but she still can't hear anything.

"She may have passed out" observes the older nun.  "This should
bring her round," and she uses a hypodermic to inject a stimulant
into the intravenous tube.  As the older nun returns to jabbing
the button, the younger nun continues to listen and eventually
remarks "Yes, I can hear it now but it's very faint, .........
muffled ..........  What a strange noise."

"Yes it's muffled by the mummy-bag, but it's usually audible
unless she's wearing a throat silencer which eliminates even that
sound," says the older nun.

"Aaaahhhhhhhiiiii."  Another electric shock courses through her
body.  Her muscles contract and spasm but her body hardly moves.
It can't.  The shock ceases, but her muscles continue to spasm.
The girl realizes that this really is it.  "They really are going
to punish me more before releasing me.  It wasn't an idle threaA-
aaahhhhhhhiiiii."  Her thoughts are violently interrupted as the
second and subsequent shocks course through her body.  Her
muscles continue to contract and spasm.  The shocks cease.

"It's over!  Thank God it's over!  It must be over."  A doubt
creeps into her mind, "It is over - isn't itaaaahhhhhhhhiiiii",
just as another shock hits her, but this time it doesn't stop.
She awakens with the smelling salts to her nose.  Further shocks
shake her body.  Eventually the shocks stop, but this time she is
slower to conclude that her punishment is over.

The girl is puzzled.  "They've finished, but they aren't releas-
ing me.  They're tightening the winch!!!  The straps!!!!"

Despite the lack of movement during their testing the nuns
tighten the winch a few clicks and recheck the tightness of each
strap anyway.  In a couple of cases they unlock them and succeed
in tightening them further, though not without substantial
effort.  "The Duty-Sister has already tightened the ballet
harness!  Didn't she know that the cover wasn't going to be put
on until today?  The child must be in agony!" exclaims the
younger nun.  "It's not our concern", snaps the older nun as she
gives an extra vicious tug on the ballet harness straps.

"God Almighty!  No!  They're tightening the ballet strap!
Aaaaahhhhhhiiiii.  Shit!  Now the cramps are worse than ever.
Dear God please stop this.

The younger nun winces as she imagines the muscle cramps that the
ballet strap, tightly fastened for so long, must be causing.

"Aren't they going to let me out..................  God Almighty,
PLEASE stop this".  She tries to relax, but can't.

Now that she is accustomed to the light she strains to see what
the nuns are doing.  Her eyeballs are dry and painfully irritated
after 48 hours without blinking.

After checking the straps they unfold a heavy canvas cover and
place it over the girl and proceed to cinch the straps of the
cover beneath the table, heaving on them as they had done with
the straps holding the girl to the table.  They succeed in
flattening out many of the bulges created by the straps around
the mummy-bag.  The cover only reaches up to the neck and they
are careful to achieve a good fit in that area.  It is fastened
over the tops of her shoulders and under the table with the
appropriate straps.  They finish fastening the carefully tailored
heavy canvas cover and ensure that there are no unsightly wrin-
kles.

"There, that's better.  Now she looks a lot tidier," comments the
older nun, "I've always believed that restraints should be felt
and not seen.  Bring over the protective cover and lets finish
her up."  They carefully fasten the heavy rubber cover over the
cocoon and table, using adhesive tape at the neck to provide a
waterproof seal between the rubber cover and the skin.

They leave the girl alone without speaking to her.  "I'm worse
off than before the nuns came.  I can't believe it.  I really
thought that they were going to let me out.  I never thought that
this might happen."  She is blinded by her tears.  She can feel
her heart pounding but her sobbing is almost entirely muffled by
the gag stuffing her mouth.

She wishes that she could sleep or pass out but she can't.  The
terrible pain from the burns in her "sensitive" areas, the
continued cramps and spasms in her legs and the aches created by
prolonged immobilization combine to make sleep impossible.  She
was too distressed to wonder whether the nuns had used drugs in
the intravenous solution, that was being dripped into her, to
prevent sleep.

A Girl Brown Gagged -- Part 3

After what seems like another eternity in her desperately uncom-
fortable and cramped condition a group of three nuns enter her
cell.  The girl thought that she was prepared for the worst but,
as they tilted the table to an almost upright position and they
came into her limited view, she was shocked to see how they were
dressed.

They are wearing rubber gloves and overalls that completely cover
what she assumes are their normal habits.  Over these rubber
overalls two of the nuns are wearing all-enveloping white aprons.
The other nun is wearing a knee length white smock over her
rubber overalls.  However at the moment she was distracted by the
thick, heavy and all-enveloping white cotton "veils" that they
are wearing.  They are short in front, falling to mid-chest, but
are longer in the back, descending to within a foot of the floor.
Apparently the nuns are able to see through the section in front
of their eyes where dense netting prevents anyone seeing in the
other way.  Certainly the girl has no idea which nuns these are.
At the front the "veils" are pinned to the aprons or smock.

One of the nuns switches on the microphone which allows the girl
to hear them through the headrest speakers.  "I hope you can hear
me."  She pauses momentarily, expecting some form of response
from the girl but realizes that there is no way for the girl to
communicate.  She can't even blink or twitch and even activating
her electrodes had had little effect.  She continues anyway "You
are about to receive your first brown-gagging and what I have to
say is important."

She explains how important it is to avoid vomiting, to keep
swallowing continuously, and to avoid panicking.  "One reason you
haven't been allowed to eat since the day before yesterday is to
avoid lumps in your vomit.  If you make a mess or we have to
remove the gag you will receive more demerits and receive further
brown-gaggings until you can accept them without fuss.  You've
been tightly gagged since yesterday so you're obviously having no
problem breathing through your nose."

They open the top of the cart they had brought in with them and
take out a white porcelain bowl covered with a white cloth.  They
bring the bowl over and take off the cloth to let the girl see
and appreciate the aroma of the contents.  The bowl is filled
with a very thick, lumpy brown substance.  The atrocious smell
leaves no doubt about the contents.  One nun puts her rubber-
gloved hand into the bowl and pulls out a large piece of cotton
cloth dripping and oozing with the lumpy brown contents.  "See
this?  It's a particularly good batch we've been saving up since
some of you girls had a bout of diarrhea.  Notice the distinctive
odor? - but just wait until you taste it!  Maybe it will help you
think twice next time."

"Oh, I nearly forgot to add this", and she held up a bowl of
rotting fish before stirring it and the cloth back into the brown
mixture.  "We know how much you like fish!"  The girl begins to
retch, but the response is not noticeable in her restrained
condition.

Meanwhile one of the other nuns has removed the chin support.
Next she unfastens the end of the tightly wound rubber bandage
and begins to carefully unwind it from around the lower face.  To
facilitate secure application of the bandage the headclamps had
left the lower face free (apart from the chin/jaw clamp), and the
girl's hairline had been shaved higher at the back of her head.
She removes the thick wet pad laying over the mouth.  It had
prevented any remote possibility of breathing through the mouth.
Surely it had been unnecessary.  The rubber bandage achieved the
same result, but the nuns always like to be doubly, or triply,
sure.  A thick cloth band is pulling back the corners of her
mouth into an unpleasant grimace.  The nun reaches around the
back of the girl's neck and, with some difficulty, releases the
buckle which holds the cloth band so tightly between the girl's
teeth.  As the band is pulled from between her teeth the blood
from the corners of her mouth is clearly visible on the white
cloth band.  Her lips gradually begin to return to a more normal
shape but her jaw remains open and her cheeks remain as bloated
as ever.

The nun cautions her not to talk as she begins to pull out the
cloth packing that had been so tightly wadded and crammed into
her mouth 48 hours previously.  Mounds of saliva soaked packing
are pulled from her mouth.  No wonder it had been so uncomfort-
able.  Like the cloth used to hold the gag so deeply in her
mouth, the previously clean white cloth used for packing her
mouth is spotted with her blood.  It had been packed in so that
her cheeks were as distended as they could make them and it felt
as if her jaw would dislocate.  When the strap had been fastened
the packing had been pushed back into her mouth making her heave
but she had eventually learnt to control that reflex.  Now the
packing at the back of her mouth only made breathing and swallow-
ing difficult.

The girl knows better than to attempt to talk but takes the
opportunity to begin moving her tongue around.  It feels swollen
and dry and most unresponsive after its extended captivity.  Her
jaws had partially closed after the wadding was removed but she
was totally unable to control them.  She moves her lips a little
but they are numb and painful; as are her recently over-distended
cheeks.

A stainless steel jaw-opener was quickly inserted in her mouth
and adjusted so that her jaws were re-extended to their previous
tortured position.  The corners of her mouth felt as if they
would split.

While still immersed in the bowl, the cloth is lightly wadded
into a ball, ensuring that all the air is expelled and that all
the cavities are filled with shit and rotting fish.  The girl
visibly heaves but manages to avoid vomiting.  The wad is pulled
from the bowl and the nun starts to pack it into the girl's
mouth, pushing the cloth and revolting lumpy mush back into her
mouth.

Terror turns into absolute panic as the girl finds herself
heaving harder and harder.  She tries to continue to swallow the
shit as it is squeezed out of the cloth and runs down her throat.
She has to breath through her nose and the smell combines with
the taste to form an experience she is unable to compare.  She
knows that she is going to be sick, but there is no way to tell
the nuns.  She is not sure they would do anything anyway.  How
could anyone not vomit, she thinks to herself.  Soon her stomach
is no longer able to withstand the shit and she can feel it rise
up her throat.  It is beyond her control.  The mixture of shit
and vomit hits her mouth, but that is packed tight, and there is
only one way for it to go.
The nuns watch in amusement as they see the mixture initially
squirt out her nose, then slow to a fast flow, before squirting
again as a result of subsequent retching.  There was no way to
breath.  "Oh God!  I'm going to die............." she thought.
Just as she was passing out, the nun pulls the wadding out of her
mouth.  Eventually she is able to catch some breath between
vomiting spasms, but inevitably she inhales some of the vomit
which causes her to start coughing uncontrollably.  The nuns tip
the table the other way so her head is near the floor.  She
continues to heave and vomit and cough.  The nuns do nothing but
watch her.  Nobody moves to loosen any of her restraints that
continue to hold her rigidly during her immobile convulsions.
Eventually her convulsions subside and she starts to take large
gulps of air.  The table is brought back to its previous position
and a nun instructs the girl to clear her nose.  The girl blows
her nose as best she can.

Once satisfied that the nostrils were at least partially un-
blocked one of the nuns stuffs the old white packing back into
her mouth before injecting more stimulant into the intravenous
tube.  Another nun reaches under the table and periodically
switches the electrode current on and off.  She can feel her
vagina, clitoris and nipples begin to burn from the excessive
current.  Again she senses smelling salts being held to her nose.
She feels a searing pain in her screaming vocal chords as they
suddenly fall silent.  After about 5 minutes the nun turns off
the current.  Another nun wads up the cloth in the bowl again but
appears to squeeze out more of the excess mush this time.  After
taking out the resident packing she packs this shit soaked cloth
back into her mouth.  She vomits again, but now there is nothing
left in her stomach so she just retches and manages to get an
occasional snatch of air through her nose.  She soon realizes
that the stench is now lining her nose and the back of her
throat, ensuring that she will continually receive its full odor.
"Did they deliberately over-saturate the gag the first time just
to make sure I would vomit?" she asks herself.

A Girl Brown-Gagged -- Part 4

They clean up her face with a wet cloth and use a water spray to
hose down her hair and the rubber protective cover, paying
special attention to removing the shit from her hair.  The water
runs off into a drain beneath the table.  They stand back and
admire their handiwork.  Tears stream down her damp face and she
looks like death.  They are satisfied that the packing will
provide an adequate learning experience and subsequent brown-gags
and other devices will serve to punish the girl for her complete
lack of cooperation during the procedure.  She will learn.

They remove the stainless steel device that has held her jaws
wide apart.  They adjust the mouth packing to ensure that only a
small amount will be caught between her jaws.  She retches again
as the packing pushes further back in her mouth, further re-
stricting her ability to breath easily.  At the same time they
put the chin clamp back on the headrest which, when adjusted,
clamps her mouth shut with painful pressure.  Her teeth do not
quite touch because of the cloth clamped between them.  Her
breathing again becomes labored as more of the shit is squeezed
down her throat and her stomach rebels once more.  They attach
clamps to her lips, pulling them back to fully expose her teeth
and gums.  Around the gumline the girl wears dental appliances,
similar in appearance to braces except that these are sturdier
and more securely attached.  Part of the appliance wraps around
the base of each tooth, through the gap that had been widened, in
some cases, to accommodate it.

The nuns take out a tray of dental tools and proceed to connect
the upper and lower appliances by twisting and soldering numerous
wires between them.  They ensure that the connecting wires are
securely fastened and tightly tensioned.  Her jaws are pulled
together with considerable force.  The girl is horrified at the
apparent permanency of her gag.  She had rather hoped to eat soon
now that her punishment had been completed.  Obviously she had
been wrong about the completion, she should have known better.
They ensure that her jaws are joined at each side as well as at
the front.

The procedure takes several hours and during that time she could
still hear nothing that was said because the microphone was
switched off and her head was filled with the interminable
hissing.  They fed thin rubber tubes into the back of each cheek
and left the ends of the tubes dangling from her mouth before
tightly stuffing her cheeks with ordinary white cloth.  At this
point she didn't really care what they stuffed in her cheeks.

They put a pad of white cloth across the front of her teeth to
protect her lips from the sharp wires joining her jaws.  They
pulled her lips together over the pad and allowed the tubes to
exit from the opposite corners of her mouth.  As one of the nuns
held her lips together the others took wide strips of extremely
sticky and elastic tape and used it to seal her mouth.  It
extended from beneath her nose to her chin and completely around
her head.  Removing the tape would be quite an ordeal.  They were
careful to avoid kinking the tubes which now exited at the rear
and used a silicon sealing compound to ensure that there was an
airtight seal between the tubes and the sealing tape.  She
wondered if they were ever going to let her out of this.  "What
on earth are those tubes that they are taking such care with"
she asked herself.  The answer wasn't long in coming.

The nuns connect a device, that looks like a grease-gun, to the
end of each tube.  As they begin to pull the triggers the very
thick, almost black shit begins to ooze along the tubes and
deposit itself into her cheeks.  More and more of it accumulates
in her cheeks, filling every cavity and working its way round to
the front of her mouth.  She had thought that her cheeks had been
stuffed painfully full with cloth packing but she now discovers
that there was still room for more.  As the nuns continue to
squeeze the triggers her cheeks blow up like balloons.  The
pressure is getting tremendous and she is sure that they will
burst.  The nuns occasionally feel her cheeks to assess the
pressure.  Long after the pain has become unbearable they stop
pumping and clamp off the tubes.

They take a wide rubber bandage and proceed to tightly re-wrap
the lower half of her face.  They take care to keep the tension
as tight as they are able.  Ironically this gave some relief to
her bloated cheeks.  They use more tape to fasten the bandage and
prevent it from unwinding or slipping either up or down her face.
Her eyes bulge from the discomfort and pressure.  She could feel
the thick shit beginning to ooze through the tiny crevices
between her teeth and the packing and realizes that only time is
preventing it from eventually reaching her stomach.

"There!  Like that you will be able to rejoin your classmates
without making them retch from the smell, though I must admit the
odor coming from your nose as you breath is going to stop anybody
from seeking out your company."  She continued, "because of your
lack of cooperation your punishment has been extended.  Your gag
will be replaced only once each week and you must report to the
Duty-Sister 3 times each day to have your cheeks reinflated.  Of
course you won't be able to eat or drink for the duration of your
treatment so you will receive a combination of intravenous and
nose-tube feedings.  Then of course there is the matter of the
demerits that you earned today, but we can discuss those later."
They leave after switching off the lights.

Surely they were going to release her from her cocoon.  She could
hardly attend class like this.  She still had no idea how long
she had been confined, how long it would be before she would be
released from the mummy-bag or how long she would have to wear
this revolting gag.

  * * * * * * * * * * * * * * END * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
