              The Raping of Gail
You have trouble understanding how you could have gotten into
this situation! All you wanted to do was some souvenir shopping
in port to get away from your cruise ship. You thought it would
be a nice diversion from the holiday routine you had settled into
on your Mediterranean cruise.

Instead, you had found your self being dragged suddenly into a
darkened alley and had a hood thrown over your head. you felt the
sudden prick of a needle, and then blackness descends over you!

When you come to, you are on a cot in a room lit by bright
sunlight. As you become more aware of your surroundings, you
notice with a chill that you're in a narrow cell, with a sunlight
streaming in a small window. A heavy metal door obviously blocks
you escape.

There is a rasp of a key in the door an it swings open, admitting
a tall blonde woman in her mid-forties. A big woman, well muscled
with broad shoulders and large breasts, pushing against her
flimsy blouse, wearing baggy harem type pants. she is dressed all
in black - an interesting contrast to her pale skin.

"Ahh," she says. " You're awake. Good, that will make things
simpler!"

"Where am I?" you ask in a hushed tone.

"You are at the place of Prince Mozan, in the interior of Africa.
The Prince is one of the most powerful warlords in the interior
of Africa. And you," she points at your chest "have been captured
and brought here for his pleasure! He has a high appetite for
white woman, and his recruiters spotted you and though you would
meet his tastes!"

"What!" you scream. "I'm an American citizen! He'll pay dearly
when my country finds out of any mistreatment of me! He can't do
this!"

"He can," she grins evilly."..and he WILL. Here HE is the
law...far from Western interference. You are on your own.
Remember that when you face him...remember that when you attempt
to struggle against him! Now, on your feet! the time for the
Master to enjoy your luscious body is at hand!" With that she
hauls you easily to you feet and drags you kicking and screaming
through the door.

You are surprised at the strength of her. Despite your struggles
she drags you down a long corridor of stone, past other groups of
woman who avert their eyes as you pass. In the back of your mind,
you note that they are dressed similarly to you present
tormentor, except their garments are red.

She drags you up some steps, then down a short way along another
corridor to a large wooden door, obviously heavy, with thick
bolts and metal studs. She pulls back the bolts and throws
another evil glance at you.

"Here in this room is where your initial rape and training will
take place. The Master is just showering now, he has already
raped a couple of women this morning. He'll be with you
momentarily. Enjoy!" she laughs and throws you into the room.

As you spring to your feet the door shuts and your hear the rasp
of the bolts being thrown home. You scream and bang your fists on
the door, but it doesn't even quiver under your blows.

You turn and regard the interior of the room. It is a high
ceiling ed vault type enclosure, with large windows near the top,
well out of reach. In the center is a narrow, simple couch. In
one corner of the room is an item that reminds you vaguely of a
vaulting horse. Wooden beams are attached at either end of the
horse and from these, heavy leather cuffs dangle at the ends of
chains.

At one end of the room is a doorway leading beyond to a darkened
enclosure. You surmise it leads to the shower room, as the
hissing sounds of running water issue from the opening, along
with the occasional wisp of steam.

The sound of water stops. There is a pause and you wait with your
terror growing with each second. the sounds of bare feet padding
come closer and then the Master steps into the room.

Tall, over 6 feet, ebony black and obviously well muscled. He
wears a towel around his waist, knotted just below his flat
muscular stomach. His face is clean shaven and not altogether
unattractive. Under any other circumstances you might consider
him handsome.

But he is big....with the pumped muscles along his arms and legs
of a fit, black body builder. He regards you with open lust,
letting his gaze move up from your shapely, slender long legs to
your narrow hips encased in shorts to where your full breasts are
encased in a simple cotton summer blouse.

And then he speaks....

"You are truly a luscious morsel. You will give me a great deal
of pleasure I'm sure." He advances in your direction. "Undress!"
he says harshly. You scream NO and shrink from him. He shrugs.

"If I have to strip you forcibly, so be it! It will only excite
me further to tear the clothes from your magnificent alabaster
body....the body that will shortly be squirming beneath my
thrusts. Now, I say again....UNDRESS!" You shake your head
violently from side to side as he advances upon you.

Then, with a spring, the quickness of which is startling,
considering his size he catches one arm and grabs your hair. He
begins to drag you to the couch as you kick and scream and flail
at him with your free hand.

He tosses you on the couch and pins you face down. With a quick
savage motion  he tears your flimsy blouse away from your
squirming body, and then fumbles at the waistband of your shorts.
You feel a tug, fabric tearing and then the cool air on your
buttocks, clad only in flimsy bikini panties.

He steps back to toss your torn garments into a pile in one
corner of the room....and to survey his handiwork. You turn onto
your back intent upon springing off the couch but he catches your
shoulders, pushing you onto your back and straddles you.

"Now," he says with triumphant gleam in his eye." ....now comes
the final unveiling!" With that, he grasps the front of your bra
and pulls you violently upward. The bra material rents and tears,
freeing your ample breasts, ruby tipped with large nipples. He
pauses to gaze at them for a short while, then wraps his large
hands around them, and squeezes. You gasp in pain and shock, and
arch your back trying to throw him off.

He regards you sardonically and you feel his hand trailing from
your breasts to the waistband of your panties. One hand continues
fondling your ample, milky breasts...and pushing your squirming
torso back on the couch. then, with a sudden tug, he tears your
panties down the front, tossing their shredded remains to one
side.

The Master stands up, regarding your panting, squirming form on
the couch. Slowly, he tugs his towel, allowing it to drop to the
floor and turns to face you. Your eyes widen in shock at his
size.

His penis is at least 10 inches long, with the thickness of your
wrist. He picks up a vial of lubricant from nearby and slowly
rubs the jelly up and down the length of his massive
shaft...caressing it from supple snake into an erect ebony
bludgeon.

Now he springs up on you again. you scream and thrash with all
your strength because you mind cries out that you are being
raped...and you can see the instrument of your defilement
gleaming between your legs. He stretches his muscular body atop
yours, pinning your wrists with one hand above your body. With
his free hand, he pries your knees apart as you thrash and
scream obscenities at him...and then he inserts one muscular knee
between your legs and you are spread eagle beneath him.

You are gasping, moaning and conscious of the fact that the bulk
of him is positioned between your legs. He grasps your wrists
with his other free hand and flattens you onto the couch. Your
legs kick continue to kick spasmodically, but you are pinned and
helpless!

Then you feel the tip of his passive organ brush against your
pussy lips. He raises himself above you....and thrusts! You cry
out in agony and shame as you feel the entire length of him
buried within your pussy. He pulls back, and then you feel his
muscles tighten and clench as the forward stroke again fills you,
like you have never been stretched before.

Satisfied that your passage is now well lubricated, he begins a
slow steady pumping. Your resistance has now ceased. You know
that your struggles are futile and that you are well and truly
penetrated...you have lost!

His tempo increases...it goes on and on. You remember that he has
raped two other women that day, and realize that his orgasm will
be long in coming. He will enjoy you in your helplessness for a
long time!

His thrusts continue. The sweat of the act covers both your
bodies. He relentlessly buries his cock in you with easy athletic
grace. He releases your hands and raises himself up higher to
thrust harder...

Now the intensity of his thrusts have become more violent as you
sense him driving toward his final climax. He is using all his
strength now, slamming into, each thrust bringing cries from you,
banging your head back against the couch, causing your breasts to
tremble under the impact of his muscular body.

You become conscious of a soreness inside you, of feeling open and
fill as his organ swims through your slippery flesh. Your hips
begin to move involuntarily move with him as biology takes over
and your body betrays you. Even under the violence of his
thrusts, you feel a tingling at the base of your spine,
flickering over your buttocks that are shivering under the impact
of his surging thrusts.

But that is all you feel...just the beginnings. Suddenly he
snorts, shivers and jams his cock into the roots. You scream as
you feel him flood your inside with his hot stream...you feel it
flow out of you and down onto your ass and you scream again in
anger and despair before blacking out.

When you come to, you are still in that room...still on the couch
with your body conscious of the tenderness in your pussy and a
dull pain in the interior of your thighs.

The Master is calmly cleaning his cock off with a rag, and then
advances on you again, pulling you upright by the hair and
dragging you off the couch as you scream and beg for mercy. He
pulls you across the room to the vaulting horse type apparatus
and fastens your wrists in the cuffs.

You are now leaning forward over the horse, with you ass high in
the air and your feet barely touching the floor, You squirm and
kick but you are well imprisoned and helpless.

"Now," he says." My white slave will learn discipline and
obedience!" Your eyes widen as he picks up a narrow cane and
advances behind you. "You will now experience the torture of 30
strokes of the cane. This is comparatively mild compared to what
I COULD do to you. Let it serve as a reminder to you if you
ever...EVER resist me again. You ripe white body is mine now...to
be used for my pleasure. And if you resist, this is a taste of
what will happen!"

With that he steps back and lays a stoke upon your upturned
buttocks. You scream! It feels like a trail of fire seeping into
your tender flesh....like a razor being drawn down your backside.

Again and again the cane descends upon your quivering flesh.
Sometimes across one cheek, sometimes the other, sometimes in the
cleft in your ass between your legs and bottom. You are not just
moaning or gasping but SCREAMING as the intensity of the pain
climbs higher and higher.

You drum your feet on the floor in a frantic effort to stop the
fire spreading across your flesh. You tug at your bonds and kick
with your feet to no avail as you are well and truly
imprisoned.And there is nothing you can do to escape the
relentless stream of blows spreading across your bottom and
occasionally your thighs.

Finally it ends. You lie there sobbing and quivering, your bottom
a mass of weals and bruises. Worse, the pain is not confined to
your bottom, but now seems to be spreading along your legs and
back.

"So," the Master says, pulling your head back by your long hair.
"....will you resist me further?" You moan and he smacks your ass
once again bringing forth another scream. "Well...WELL??" he says
using the cane again. You sob no. "No what??" he says using the
cane on your tortured flesh once again.

"No MASTER!" You scream!

With a grim snort he unfastens your wrists and lets you drop in a
heap on the floor. He presses a button on the wall and the large
wooden door swings open, admitting the tall blonde who escorted
you to this chamber of pain earlier.

"How did it go, sir?" she inquires.

"I think she understands what her fate and destiny is now. She
will be a welcome addition to the household. As such, take her
and brand her and then place her in the harem. I'll use her again
in a week after she...ummm...thinks about her position."

The woman nods and jerks your trembling, pain ridden form
upright. You start to scream again as she drags you through the
door to where you will be BRANDED!
