From Game magazine (U.S.), July 1975 (spelling and capitalizations as in
the original)

After reading a few issues of your magazine, I find that I am not the only
person who is turned on by Urine, technically known as "Urolangia." From
early boyhood, I have tried every available effort to catch little Girls
when they were Peeing, and I was fortunate enough to "Catch" a few grown
women, either standing up or Squatted, Making Water on the ground. At
school, especially, several small moppetts regularly peed in their clothes
when the teacher refused them permission to leave the room. All this has
conditioned me, even to this day, many years later, that even to suspect
that a Woman needs to Pee badly, I get a big Sexual charge from it. I wish,
therefore, to share a few experiences of mine, so that others of like mind
may benefit from what I was fortunate enough to enjoy.

Shortly after I was out of high school, I started to work at the local Post
Office. Our town was then, back in 1936, about 20,000 population, and had a
rather large office with 18 or 20 foot carriers delivering mail to the
houses throughout the city. In a short while, I had a route of my own. The
first day I worked, I was walking up the street when someone called, "Hey,
Barney!" I knew it was a girl, I stopped and she came running up to me.

"Where's Barney?" she inquired breathlessly, after running up the slight
grade. "Barney's in the army," I replied, which seemed to sadden her a
great deal. I told her I would be working Barney's place until he returned.
"I always walk around with him, for company," she went on, and one look at
her I wondered whose company, hers, or Barney's.

She was about 15, Big and hefty, corn-fed, with plenty of "Girl" where it
counted, and even the skimpy short, tight-fitting dress failed to hide that
fact. I suspected, and soon found out, that her dress, stockings and Garter
belt was all that she wore. I wondered if she was that near destitute, or
if she dressed to please Barney. As she walked along, swoonily, her short
skirt allowing frequent glimpses of her Bare Thighs between it and her
stockings, she kept plucking at her skirt, lifting it up, pressing her
hand in between her thighs, and frequently Masturbating by putting her
hand up under her dress. She would ofter sit on the steps while I climbed
up and put mail in the box on the porch of the house, and often she would
sit Straddled out, dress up, and all her Young Womanly charms spread out
in full view. When she got between me and the sun, the shadows of her Legs
showed up through her dress. Her dress was low-cut in front enough to
almost show her Nipples, which looked as big as strawberries, on her ample,
Bouncy Boobs. As for me, I was more interested in looking at the Clefted
Bulge between her Thighs than at her fleshy female appendages.

We had walked several blocks, and both she and I were feeling fatigued. I
had to go to the bathroom, and I fully suspected that she did, too. Finally,
I knew for sure.

"I have to Pee," she bluntly stated, blushing slightly, but with her hand
pressed to her Crotch in an attitude of extreme necessity. I said, "You do?"
"Yea," she replied, "Don't you? Barney always stopped up there," she
informed me, pointing to a place grown up with brush and briars. We walked
on up until we came to the place, and she led the way back into an almost
wilderness.

This Girl, whose name was D.... C..., (not wishing to use her real name),
led me back to a spot by a maple tree, well surrounded by brush, and well
hidden from everyone, but who might be right above us. I really did need
to Pee. She stood back, looked on interestedly as I opened my pants and
took my Penis out about half way. Drops of Urine were already oozing out.
She had her legs parted and a Dribble of Pee was trickling down from under
her dress. I began to Urinate against the tree. She pressed her hand in
against her Mons Veneris, making a wet spot on her skirt, looking at my
Penis as the Urine flowed out, and under the spell of her looking, it began
to Swell rapidly. I feared I would get a Hard on before I was done Peeing.

"Take it out all the way," she asked me, with all the freedom of speech as
if we were married. "Barney always did. He had one almost as big as yours."
I finished Peeing, shook off the excess drops and with it Swollen and hard
from the effect of her interest, made a huge bulge on my pants. Suddenly,
she spread her legs, lifted her Skirt and Squatted, almost letting her pee
fly before she got down, so bad did she need to go. I watched intently,
watching the Amber Liquid Gush out from between the Swollen Labia. Just
seconds before she was finished, she raised up, dropped her skirt, and let
the last Dribbles trickle down her Legs, wiping up between her Thighs with
her skirt and making a larger wet area on it. I was so afraid I was going to
ejaculate in my shorts that we stood there until the edge of my arousement
had worn off.

We resumed the delivery, she showing as much of her Lower feminine parts as
she dared. We walked around about 4 blocks, finally arrving back at this
area about noon. My lunch had been delivered to the box, as well as the
mail, and locking my satchel in the box we went across to the shadiest spot.
Since she had no lunch, I divided with her. She lifted up the back of her
skirt as she sat down and I felt that she was once again about to Pee, and
would probably sit there and do it.

I wasn't wrong. She pulled her skirt up into her lap and sitting there on the
remains of the stone bench, she just peed away, as nonchalantly as if she was
in a bathroom. Raising herself up, her Buttocks, how wet they were, and
feeling a bit horny myself, I handed her my big handkerchief. She proceeded
to dry her backside, finally finishing by spreading her legs and drying the
interior of her cunt between the Lips. Finally, what surprised me, was, that
she stayed with me the entire trip, which took until almost 4:30, and I got
to watch her Squat and Pee at least 4 or 5 times. The last time we were at
the one-time park, after she had Peed and stood up, I went over and daring
to put my job and reputation on the line, I Hugged her close, ran my hand
all the way up between her thighs and gave her a good "Feeling Up." She took
hold of my hand and worked my fingers up into her Vagina.

She was so excited, her Vagina was overflowing with Moisture, and I already
had such an erection that I soon felt an Orgasm coming on, which was copious
enough to make a damp spot on my uniform trousers. We walked on down to the
point where I was scheduled to board the bus. She sat on the steps of a
nearby house, Legs high and parted, her entire Pudenda in full view, and the
Swollen Lips and Clitoris revealing how overwrought she was, Sexually.

The mail-carrying arrangement lasted almost 4 years longer. I ran across
other young teen-agers, and younger, who kept me supplied with exciting
things to see and do. Almost every day, I saw someone Pee, either having an
Accident, or some kid just Squatting and taking care of nature in the yard,
or even on the sidewalk. At the conclusion of the war and our draftees began
to return to work, the routing went back to normal. I was given enough
seniority by now that I could transfer to a new route in a better
neighborhood, and soon forgot the good old days when I worked among the
urchins and ghetto children, but I still remembered their Urolangic
activities, and to this day I dredge up thoughts of them during my Sexual
Fantasies, which are frequent and fruitful, since I never married, and do
not date regularly.

Name Witheld,
Claysburg, Pa.


From Knave (U.K.) Vol. 13 No. 9 (September 1981)

Just after the war, when I was still in the army, I became friendly with a
civilian employee in my unit. She was older than myself, married, but parted
from her husband and living alone in a furnished room. I had a sleeping-out
pass and began staying with her at nights.

One Saturday evening we both got involved in a birthday party at a pub. To
my surprise, Sally preferred brown ale to shorts -- and drank pints at that!
By the time we eventually walked back to the house where she lived I was
dying to pee and I just about made it to the toilet.

When I went into her room, I fully expected to find her dancing with urgency
after my ungentlemanly act. Instead, I found her already half-undressed.

"Don't you want to go also?" I asked. Smiling, Sally came over to me, put
her arms around me, squashed her tits against me and arched into me so that
her crotch was brought into hard contact with my upper thigh.

"Of course I do, darling," she said, "But wanting to pee badly makes me
awful randy!" She then kissed me hard and began to work her fanny against
my thigh.

Minutes later we were both naked, and she was fitting a french letter on me
as I sat on the edge of the bed. Together we clambered onto the bed but she
would not let me mount her. "No! I can't! Do it my way!" she said excitedly.
Her was was to kneel astride me as I lay on my back. She guided my penis
partway into her vagina and began making short, fast strokes, gradually
taking me fully into herself.

On hands and knees she rode me while I reached up and fondled her pendant,
hard-nippled breasts. Lower she bent over me until we could kiss. "I'm
bursting!" she gasped out, scarcely raising herself off my cock and yet
working herself off on it. I was thrusting up at her, seeking friction, but
she moved with me.

"Please, don't hurt me. I'm almost there!" Her hips writhed and she lowered
herself upon me, squirming her tits against me. Conculsive jerkings shook
her and I felt a warm wetness as she climaxed. Her shudders died away, and
she rose from me. I tried to grab hold of her. "Please! I can't wait now,"
she gasped and slid off the bed.

Crouching down she pulled a large china chamber pot from under the bed. She
pushed it beneath her buttocks and squatted over it, one hand on the edge of
the bed supporting herself as she began to pee with a loud hiss. I rolled to
the edge of the bed and watched, and she smiled at me. "I nearly wet the bed.
I half peed when I came. I didn't realise I was so full!" I could clearly
see her urine spurting from cunt lips that gaped amidst her thick pubic
growth. I was speechless with sexual arousal.

"You're very excited, aren't you?" she continued as her flow at last began
to die away. "I bet you've never watched a girl pee before!" I shook my head.
When she finished she pushed the half-filled pot back under the bed and stood
up. I grabbed hold of her, pulled her onto the bed and mounted her. "Fuck me
then," she begged as I rammed deep into her. We screwed furiously, clutching
at each other, her legs locked around my upper thighs. I felt her thighs
tighten and knew she was going to come. She cried out, convulsing once more
as I thrust deep and held it there, filling the french letter.

We lay there panting and sweating. "You did get excited, didn't you?" she
murmured. "Shall I make a pot of tea? You'll be able to watch me wee again
before long -- and who knows?" She was right, watching her pee again later
quickly stiffened me up. From that night we only used the toilet to empty
the chamber pot which both of us helped to fill.

Sally and I parted after I was demobbed. I often wondered what became of her
because she was a very sexy young woman. I had several girl friends before
I met my wife but did not have the nerve to broach the subject of urolagnia.

It was on the second week of our honeymoon when my wife and I were on a
picnic together that I first saw her pee. We were strolling along a footpath
when suddenly she stopped. She stood crosslegged, quivering. "I want to
spend a penny," she said shyly and her hand went down to her crotch, holding
herself, cupping the material of her dress over her pussy.

"Come on," I told her, my penis immediately erecting. I began to lead her off
the footpath.

"Don't hurry me. I'm wetting my knickers." She pulled her hand out of mine,
stopped in her tracks, raised her dress and slip, and standing open-legged
yanked aside the crotch of her french knickers and began to pee. I
remonstrated with her for holding on so long, and all the time she was
peeing like a fountain. When she finished she confessed that often she had
held on for hours when we were courting. I apolgized for telling her off and
we began to kiss. Soon I had her dress and slip right up around her waist.
Her knickers were soaking, and began to pull then down.

"Do you want to?" she asked softly.

"Do you?" I asked.

"Feel how wet I am," she whispered.

"With wee," I told her. She giggled.

"Not only that. Do you think anyone will see us?" she asked. I told her not
to worry and pulled her down to the ground amongst the bushes; we screwed
hard and quickly, coming very soon, her orgasm just preceding mine.

Since then I have watched her pee hundreds of times and if for any reason
she has to hold it I never fail to become aroused -- just like she does.

- D.B., Hackney
