Archive-name: 3plus/gang1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Fantasy Party - 1


 Having bought a "direct contact" magazine recently hoping to find
 excitement and a steady mate, and desperate to broaden my horizons. I
 replied to an advert in it asking for a gentleman or gentlemen to show two
 girls a good time, any suggestions seriously considered. 

 About a week later I received a reply from the girls, who as it turned out
 were sisters. They had received only two replies, both from cranks, so they
 were very wary at first about my letter. I wrote back suggesting a meeting
 to discuss their fantasy, giving my home number to show I was serious.

 The following Monday, Claire one of the sisters, phoned me to arrange a
 meeting for that weekend at a pub near where they lived. I booked a hotel
 room at once, as they lived some 200 miles away.

 That Friday, I set off for the meeting in my best bib and tucker, hoping to
 get there early enough to stop in the hotel first. But traffic being what
 it is I eventually arrived with minutes to spare, having searched for the
 pub in the wrong place first.

 I managed to identify the sisters quite easily from Claire's description,
 and to my pleasant surprise her description wasn't stretching the truth, in
 fact it hardly did them justice. Both were very pretty and in their early
 twenties. 

 I introduced myself and we chatted generally for a while. Claire being the
 oldest of the sisters was 25, blonde with large blue eyes, about 5' 11",
 with a tanned, slim and athletic figure. From what I could see though she
 had large firm breasts. Tracy, the other sister, was younger than Claire by
 two years. She had very long black hair in a pony tail. Again tall, about
 5' 9", with a fuller figure, but not fat and milky translucent white skin.

 We got on very well and agreed to meet the following morning to continue
 our chat. No plans, nor even the original reason for the meeting had been
 mentioned, so I went back to my hotel for the night to dream of them alone.

 The following day we met in my hotel at about 10 o'clock, to go site
 seeing. They lived about 2 miles from the sea, so we drove out to a cove
 there. It was breezy but very warm, being mid September. The beach was
 deserted, but we moved back into the dunes behind to get away from the
 wind, and sat down on a travel rug to chat.

 I had brought a picnic basket from the hotel, from which I took a bottle of
 wine. We sat there drinking wine and chatting about almost everything.

 After a while the conversation got around to the original reason for our
 meeting. Their fantasies were quite spectacular, and very erotic. They had
 always fantasised together, and one of those fantasies was about being
 "gang banged" by a group of men. In a brave moment of frustration they
 wrote to the magazine to advertise for suggestions in fulfilling their
 fantasies.

 The revealing of their innermost fantasies got us very worked up so I
 suggested that they show me what they had to offer in the way of physique.
 Giggling and joking they agreed, removing their T-shirts to reveal two
 pairs of large firm breasts, with large erect nipples. I immediately felt
 my cock stiffen, especially as first Tracy then Claire slipped off their
 jeans to reveal very small silky panties. At this point Claire demanded
 that they see what I had to offer. I didn't argue, so standing up I removed
 my shirt, sandals and trousers. Left standing there in just my boxer shorts
 I waited for them to continue. 

 Claire knelt up to slip her panties down, revealing a cleanly shaved quim,
 again tanned and smooth, with pouting red lips. Tracy followed her sister
 to reveal a neatly trimmed thick black pubic mound cut in the shape of a
 heart, but with the lips of her sex shaved clean. They both shuffled over
 to me and grabbing my shorts tugged them down to my ankles. The elastic
 waistband of my shorts caught on my erection, dragging it down only to let
 it spring back to slap wetly against my stomach revealing a swollen, very
 thick, erect 10" cock. Tracy started to lick and kiss my large purple knob
 end, wetting it with saliva before easing into her mouth. My cock being
 very thick with a large head, it filled her mouth, but her tongue and teeth
 set to work, licking, nibbling and scratching what she could get in, then
 suckling it like a baby does a mothers teat.

 Claire cupped my balls in her hand, gently fondling and squeezing them,
 before crouching under her sister to lick and slaver my balls until wet.
 Taking my balls into her mouth, first one then both together, she sucked
 avidly on them.

 They swopped back and forth, first one then the other sucking my meat,
 until sinking to the ground, I pulled Claire over me so that her smooth
 cunt covered my face. Twisting my tongue into her juicy hole I licked and
 sucked at her delicious love box. I soon found her clit to bite and suck,
 until it brought her to a shattering climax, drenching my face with her
 juices, while she and her sister continued their oral administrations of my
 cock.  

 Suddenly I felt my shaft engulfed by a hot slippery cunt, looking between
 Claire's swinging tits I watched as Tracy straddled my throbbing cock,
 slowly embedding it to the hilt in her hot pussy. Bouncing up and down in a
 smooth slow rhythm, she brought herself to climax shouting and screaming
 for me to fuck her harder. Tracy's juices ran down my shaft, to be massaged
 into my swinging balls by Tracy's nimble grasping fingers until they were
 drenched.
    
 Changing positions, they faced each other with Claire crouched over
 Tracy, heads thrust between the others thighs, sucking on each others
 cunts. I knelt up behind them in term, plunging my rock hard cock into
 their proffered cunts, while the other sucked the base of my embedded shaft
 and swinging balls. 

 I thrust into Claire for a dozen strokes, then withdrawing my throbbing
 juice soaked shaft, I drove it into Tracy's gaping, upturned mouth. She
 choked slightly on its length as it thrust down her throat, but as she
 relaxed it slowly slid deeper and deeper down her gullet, before the
 swollen head lodged deep in her throat. Withdrawing slightly so that she
 could lick and suck my length clean of Claire's cunt juice, I repeated the
 process with the other sister by shuffling around to the other end and
 turning them over. I plunged my cock into Tracy's cunt, letting Claire suck
 it clean afterwards. 

 After shafting each girls cunt a couple of times I felt my resistance
 giving way. Plunging deeper into Claire's cunt I sprayed my first spurts of
 spunk deep inside her, before whipping out my spurting cock to cover
 Tracy's face with sperm as I tried to plunge it into her gaping mouth.
 Finally succeeding in plugging my throat with my still spurting cock.

 After sucking me dry and licking my cock clean, Tracy set to work sucking
 the spunk from Claires cunt. I sat back to watch while Claire licked
 Tracy's face clean of its shiny wet coating of my thick sperm and Claire's
 cunt juice. Both girls then snuggled up to me, taking it in turns to fondle
 and suck my cock and balls, while we made plans to fulfil one of their
 strongest fantasies. We agreed that the following weekend they would come
 to stay at my house, where I would hold a party for some of my friends. I
 would try to get as many men as possible for them to fulfil their fantasy
 of being "gang banged"!!

--
