Archive-name: 3plus/gang2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Fantasy Party - 2


I drove the girls home from the beach, and went back to the hotel
to shower and change. I had agreed to take them to dinner later,
and would pick them up at about 8 o'clock.

When I got there they were ready and waiting, both dressed to kill.
Claire was dressed in a white silk blouse, transparent enough to
see she wore nothing underneath, and give the outline and shadow of
her erect nipples. She wore a black flowing silk skirt, split up
the side to show black silk stockings, with the occasional flash of
bare thigh when she sat. A simple pearl choker and braclet, and
black patent shoes with pearl motif finished the outfit. While her
permed wavy long hair was clipped back at one side by a pearl
topped comb, to show her long gold and pearl earings.

Tracy wore a wraparound shimmery black dress, about knee length,
with a wide white leather belt round her waist. She wore no
stockings or tights, but wore white patent leather shoes. Her hair
was pulled back in a high pony tail, tied back with a white silk
scarf. A wide gold necklace, half a dozen gold ring bracelets and a
gold clip broach with matching long pendant earings completed the
outfit.

I left the choice of restaurant up to the girls, who chose a small
country restaurant on the edge of a small village. It overlooked
the sea, down a long wooded valley. The table they booked stood in
a large bay window, with a beatiful panoramic view of the valley
and sea beyond.

After a superb meal we sat in the lounge with coffee while the
girls had liqueurs. Finally I ordered champagne to toast the
success of our forthcoming fantasy. Having settled the bill I
escorted the girls to the car, only to discover Tracy clutching the
champagne bottle, still half full, under her wrap.

Claire sitting in the front to give me directions, hitched her
skirt up to reveal her long slim legs, clad in silk stockings, with
tanned upper thighs framed by her black suspender staps.

Following Claire's directions we set off for home. After about a
mile I didn't recognise the road any more, but thinking she must
know another way back didn't comment.

Claire told me to take the next turning right, which proved to be a
small single track lane with high hedges either side. The road got
worse as we went on until suddenly the tarmac stopped, leaving a
rough pothole studded track twisting down a wooded valley.

At the bottom the track opened out onto a grassy bank leading down
to the beach. The beach was in a deep cliff lined cove, with wooded
banks. The trees stopped behind the bank we parked on, above a
rocky shelf, broken only by the track we drove down. It was quite
obvious that the road we came down was the only way in or out of
the cove, which couldn't be overlooked or approached.

I stopped the car and opened the door. Getting out I walked down
the bank onto the back of the beach, noticing the girls doing the
same. Tracy had brought the large travel rug I kept in the back of
the car, and spreading it out she started to strip. Having removed
her shoes by the car she started by unbuckling the wide belt around
her waist, then removing her jewellery she placed it in her bag.
Untying her wraparound dress she opened it to reveal a pair of soft
silk french knickers, trimmed with white lace. Dropping the dress
and letting her knickers float to the sand, she raced off along the
beach, her white, rounded, pear shape rump bouncing.

I stripped off my clothes, laying them in a neat pile, before
running after Tracy along the moonlit beach. Not finding her I
wondered back towards the blanket where Claire was undressing. She
had already removed her blouse to reveal her large breasts, then
slipping her skirt off she stood there for a moment dressed in
black silk stockings and suspender belt, which framed her smooth
thighs and sex. She had sat there all night with a high split skirt
and nothing on underneath!!!!

Bending over at the waist, her firm rounded arse thrust out, she
unclipped her stockings and rolled them gently down. Once nude she
raced off along the beach, her large breasts bouncing as she ran. I
followed her quickly, watching as she reached the cliffs, she
slipped behind a jutting outcrop and disappeared.

Walking around the outcrop, I stepped into a shallow rock pool.
Both girls were there giggling at something, but as I appeared they
started to splash me. I returned the splashing, then grabbing both
girls dragged them down into the water. They splashed around,
grabbing me, fondling me and each other before scampering out of
the pool and running out onto the beach again, where they sat down
in the waves.

I joined them in the surf, sitting between the girls. We rolled
around again, fondling each other. I finger fucked both girls while
they sucked, wanked and fondled my rampant cock. I managed to pin
Claire down, forcing her legs apart I drove my shaft to the hilt in
her love box. Driving deep into her smooth pouting sex, I felt my
knob end nudge hard into the entrance of her womb. But just as I
withdrew to thrust again Tracy dragged me off and fought to gain a
hold on my cock. Using my extra weight and strength I pinned her
down on her front, with her arse jutting up into my crotch. Taking
advantage of the situation I thrust forward, jamming my length into
her very tight hole with great difficulty. 

Only after a few seconds did I realise I was not shafting her cunt
but had almost half my cock wedged up her tight anus instead. She
didn't seem to mind, so grabbing her around the waist to get better
leverage, I drove my throbbing erection further up, deep into her
entrails. I worked up a smooth fast rhythm, which would of brought
me to the point of no return, but just as I reached final countdown
Claire landed on my back, dragging me off into deeper water.

Dragging me by my rock hard cock Claire swam out to deep water,
where wrapping her arms and legs around me she impaled herself on
my massive erection. I trod water frantically as she rode me with
huge bounces. Driving me up to the hilt in her tight vagina. 

Suddenly I could feel Tracy paddling behind me. She slid her finger
between the cheeks of my arse, and thrusting a finger up my anus,
used it to pull me towards shallow water. Claire riding my massive
straining cock, together with Tracy's hooked finger thrust up my
arse drove me wild, and just when I thought the end would come
again, my feet hit sand and the girls let go.

Again they raced off towards the towel, their arses bouncing in the
moonlight. I sat and regained my breath before walking sedately
back up the beach.

What a site greeted me when I got there, both girls were kneeling
on the rug, their behinds thrust into the air, Breasts squashed
into the rug. They were giggling at something when I arrived. Tracy
chirped up to say " Here's a choice of four holes for you. Take
your pick!".

Kneeling behind Claire I slid my length into her juicy cunt,
driving my length home as hard as possible. She winced as my length
nudged into the entrance of her womb, before slipping into a smooth
fucking rhythm. Reaching over I slid my hand down Tracy's arse,
thrusting my thumb into her anus and three fingers into her cunt. 

Withdrawing from Claire I shuffled up behind Tracy and repeated the
process, driving myself home in her cunt, while thrusting my thumb
up Claire's arse, and my fingers into her cunt.

Once Tracy was hot and flushed I slid my length from her cunt and
rubbed it between the cheeks of her arse. Squeezing her fleshy
cheeks together I wanked myself in the ridge of her behind, then
spreading her cheeks as wide as possible I nudged my swollen gland
into the puckered entrance of her anus.

Tracy reached back to drag the cheeks of her own arse wide, letting
me grip her hips to force my length through the threshold of her
anus. I watched as her tight little opening distended around the
swollen tip of my gland. Suddenly I slid over the threshold, and,
as if her arse had reached out to suck me in, the head of my gland
vanished into her behind. Resting for a moment, Tracy was the first
to move, pushing herself back onto my length, I watched fascinated
as inch by inch her arse sunk down my length, until about half of
my shaft was embedded in her entrails. Gripping her hips I pulled
her back onto my spit, driving it slowly into her behind.
Withdrawing slightly I drove myself in harder with each thrust I
made, until almost my whole length disappeared into her tight,
clasping anus each time.

Claire's voice made me remember her presence next to us, so slowing
down my efforts in Tracy's behind I finally withdrew my length from
her.  Shuffling over to Claire I knelt down to lick the length of
her exposed flesh, from the pouting lips of her cum oozing vagina,
up between the cheeks of her arse, across the opening of her anus
to the base of her back. She reached back, and like her sister,
dragged the cheeks of her arse wide apart, revealing the puckered
opening of her anus.

I presented the swollen tip of my shaft to her bum, and gripping
her waist, slowly drove her back onto my length. Just as her
sister, I watched fascinated as her tiny rear opening stretched to
accommodate me. Then as I stretched her wide, her arse seemed to
suck my length in. Pushing and thrusting, my length slowly slid
into her behind, until my balls slapped the wet lips of her cunt.
It was amazing that her tiny anus had stretched so far to accept
the whole of my rampant cock. Sitting back slowly, until the head
of my cock started to stretch her anus from inside, I drove
forward, pulling her back onto my length as I reamed her insides. 

Building up a slow thrusting rhythm I shafted her arse, as she
twisted her hips in a circular motion, screwing herself back
further onto my shaft as it impaled her clasping anus.

Soon I could hang on no longer, and determined this time to reach
my peak, I gripped her harder and pumped away with all my might. I
came with a great heave, Spurting my cream deep into her anus. 

After the first couple of spurts I whipped my cock out, and holding
it in the valley of her arse, I drenched her back in spunk. Tracy,
quick to take advantage, turned to lap up my spilt cream. Licking
her sisters back and bum clean of my spendings, she buried her face
between the cheeks of her sisters arse and sucked my sperm from
Claires spunk dribbling anus.

I got up and ran into the sea to cool off. Washing my softening
shaft by wanking it underwater. I swam along the shoreline before 
splashing out of the surf, to wander back up the beach to where the
girls were still sitting on the towel. They had the champagne
bottle and were drinking from the bottle. They handed me the
bottle and sitting down I took a swig.

--
