Archive-name: 3plus/gangbang.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Gangbang


Two of my buddies and I were at the local Go-Go bar 
checking out the action after a long, hard day walking the 
steel in 95 degree weather. We were throwing down some 
cold ones watching this long, lanky blonde strutting her 
stuff. She had a great ass and legs but didn't have much 
in the way of tits. I motioned to her to come over and 
held up a dollar bill. She headed our way, dancing, never   
missing a beat, while giving us a sultry smile and running 
her tongue over her lips. When she reached me I started 
talking to her, asking her what her name was and all that 
idle chat bullshit. Her name was Jen, short for Jennifer 
she told me. She held her bikini type top away from her 
body allowing me to place the dollar bill inside it. As I 
put the dollar inside her top I rubbed my fingers over her 
nipple. She reached for my hand, pressed it to her tit, 
and then moved my hand away. She smiled sexily and danced 
away to another patron holding up a bill. As was usual, 
the conversation turned to how much we would like to fuck 
this dancer and all the usual talk that ensues after one 
of these "close encounters". After awhile, not feeling 
much pain, thanks to the Coors, I held up another dollar 
and Jen came over. I asked what time she got through and 
she said that she finished dancing at 11:00 p.m. I asked 
her if she wanted to go out after she got off and go for a 
drink or get something to eat. She, somewhat to my 
surprise, replied that she would like that and we could go 
right after she got off.

Well, a couple of hours passed and it was finally 11 
o'clock. She left the dance floor and went in the back 
room to change into her street clothes. When she came out 
I almost fell off the stool! She was wearing the tightest 
jeans that I had ever seen, six inch spiked heels, and 
what had to be the skimpiest halter top she could wear 
without getting arrested. Her jeans were so tight that the 
seam of the crotch was pulled up into her slit forcing her 
cunt lips to bulge invitingly on either side of the seam. 
My buddy nudged me with his elbow nodding his envious 
approval. By now my cock was standing up straight and as 
hard as the steel toe in my boot! She came over, smiled 
sexily, took me by the arm, and we were on our way. She 
said she didn't mind if my buddies came along which was a 
damned good thing since I had the only wheels! Her car was 
being repaired and she had taken a taxi to work. We 
grabbed a couple of six packs and ice on the way out and 
filled the cooler in my van. I asked Greg, one the guys I 
was with, to drive while Jen, Paul (my other buddy), and I 
got into the back of the van. Jen elected to sit on the 
floor so Paul and I sat on the couch (my van was fully 
customized). Greg started driving around while Paul and I 
talked to Jen about how long she had been dancing and 
silly shit like that, trying to get a feel for where her 
head was at. The soft red lights that were installed in 
the van shined softly on her face highlighting her high 
cheekbones and beautiful complexion. She was a good 
looking girl and the lights made her look even better. I 
slid off the couch and sat next to her. She was sipping a 
beer and talking about how nice the van was. When the 
conversation lulled she reached into her handbag and 
pulled out a baggie with grass and rolling papers in it. I 
normally don't get high and so I kind of sat there not 
saying anything. Paul, a real pothead, said "Allright, the 
girls got some smoke!" She looked up and smiled at me and 
then started rolling a joint. She lit up and took a couple 
of deep hits before passing it to me. Not wanting to seem 
like an asshole and not really giving a damn about smoking 
because I was "ripped" from the beers, I took a couple of 
hits and then passed it to Paul. "Good Shit" he said after 
taking a couple of hits. Greg hollered for the joint and 
we passed it to him and then back and forth until it was 
completely gone. Jen rolled another one and we all passed 
it back and forth, getting more and more stoned! Now I 
don't know good grass from bad grass, but I know I sure 
got fucked up that night! Greg finally parked the van deep 
in the woods, in one of our partying spots, and joined us 
in the back of the van. We got more comfortable, me 
sitting behind Jen with her sitting between my legs. As we 
all talked and laughed I reached up under Jens top and 
started fondling her tits. Her nipples quickly became hard 
and erect. She tilted her head back towards me, smiled, 
and kissed me lightly on the lips. All of us continued to 
carry on some meaningless conversation for awhile. Greg 
said that he had to take a piss and got out of the van. 
Paul had to relieve himself also and went with Greg, 
leaving Jen and I alone in the van. Jen threw her head 
back and as I kissed her she thrust her tongue beep into 
my mouth. As we kissed I ran my hand down her belly and 
unbuttoned her jeans. I slid the zipper down and she 
moaned softly. Our lips parted and she lifted her ass and 
slid her jeans off. She had no panties on underneath and 
in the dim light I could see that she had a shaven pussy! 
My rod was rigid and rock hard, actually aching now! She 
turned and started to unbutton my jeans. I raised my ass 
and slid them off. She pulled off my underwear releasing 
my aching cock and made a cooing noise before saying 
simply "Ooooo Baby"! I pulled my tee shirt off as she took 
off her halter top. These cute, pert tits stood out 
perfectly and invitingly. Paul and Greg, thankfully, had 
started a conversation outside and seemed to be engrossed 
in it. Jen pushed me down on my back and started to kiss 
my chest, slowly working her way down passed my stomach to 
my rock hard cock. I reached underneath her and started 
playing with her tits, gently kneading her hard nipples 
between my fingers. She finally reached my cock and ran 
her tongue around the swollen head. She was taking the 
head into her mouth and running her tongue around it. She 
would then take it out of her mouth and run her tongue 
around the head again. As she did this she gently massaged 
my balls. She ran her tongue up and down my six inch shaft 
and lightly bit the shaft of my cock. My balls were aching 
now and she finally took almost my whole cock in her 
mouth. I grabbed her hair and started shoving her head 
down, trying to ram the whole length of my tool down her 
throat. She placed her hand around the base of my cock to 
keep my thrusts from choking her as I continued to fuck 
her in the mouth. I kept thinking about that clean shaven 
cunt she had and pulled her head from my rod. I pulled her 
up towards me. She grabbed my cock, positioned herself 
over it, and slammed her glistening, shaved pussy down on 
me, impaling herself on my ramrod. I felt my balls tighten 
up as she sat on me, thrusting her body up and down on my 
ready to explode cock. As she fucked me I saw a figure 
standing by the back door of the van. It was Paul. He 
motioned to me if he could join in. Jen had her eyes 
closed savoring each thrust of my cock deep into her pussy 
and didn't know a thing. I reached up and guided Jen's 
lips to mine so that she would be bent over me with her 
beautifully rounded ass sticking up in the air. We thrust 
against each other while our tongues established a rythym 
of their own. Out of the corner of my eye I could see 
Paul, cock in hand, taking saliva from his mouth and 
putting it on the head of his cock. He slowly moved up 
behind Jen and started kissing her firm, well rounded 
buttocks. Startled, she tried to sit up. I held her behind 
her neck as I thrust my tongue deep into her mouth. Paul 
was kissing her ass and slowly worked down until his 
tongue was probing her pink, puckered orifice. She was 
enjoying Paul's tongue sliding in and out of her tight 
asshole because her thrusts upon my cock became faster and 
more erratic and she seemed close to having an orgasm. 
Suddenly She stopped thrusting and her body went rigid. I 
opened my eyes and saw Paul, now on his knees behind her, 
trying to force his cock up that tight, clamped up, 
asshole. Jen tried to sit up but her legs were folded 
beneath her and she couldn't get up. No longer kissing, I 
held her head next to mine as she started to cry out and 
beg "No, please don't, don't do that." "Owwwww" she cried 
out as Paul started to push past her backdoor and into the 
deep recesses of her bowels. "Please, please, it hurts, 
take it out, please take it out" she cried out as Paul 
continued to force his long hard cock up her ass. She 
started to whimper and make little sobbing noises even as 
I thrust my ramrod deep into her cunt. She let out a 
sudden cry as Paul, impatient now, rammed the full length 
of his shaft up Jen's tight ass. I felt Paul's cock slid 
against mine through the thin membrane separating Jen's 
ass from her cunt as he impaled her on his manhood. Jen's 
head lay next to me and she was sobbing. Paul and I, now 
caught up in this sex extravaganza, alternated our thrusts 
as we both shoved our meat deep into her. Jen stopped 
sobbing and started moaning softly. She lifted her head 
and gently started to part my lips with her tongue. She 
was getting the shit fucked out of her and was starting to 
love it. Our tongues met and I could feel my balls about 
to burst. Jen was starting to shudder, a climax building, 
when all of a sudden I see Greg on his knees in front of 
Jen! I broke away from the kiss and whispered into Jen's 
ear "we have another surprise for you". She looked up 
almost knowingly, pushed herself up on her arms, and took 
Greg's tool into her mouth. I imagined such things as this 
only in fantasies! Greg held her by the back of the head 
and was literally fucking her in the mouth. This was no 
ordinary blow job, Greg was fucking her mouth as hard as I 
was fucking her shaven pussy and Paul was shoving it up 
her ass! I could still feel Jen's body tremble, working 
towards orgasm. She suddenly pulled her mouth from Greg's 
cock and started to jerk him off as she breathlessly  
yelled out "Ohhh, fuck me, fuck me, shove it up my ass".
My balls let loose their load and I felt the cum spew from 
my cock deep into the recesses of her cunt. Jen was 
moaning louder now, shuddering uncontrollably and cried 
out as she started to climax. Paul was really slamming 
into her now and saying something about her hot, tight, 
asshole and how he was gonna fill it with cum. Paul got 
off and shot his wad deep into Jen's bowels. Jen took 
Greg's cock back into her mouth and he shot his load, Jen 
swallowing every bit of his jism. All four of us were 
spent now. Paul slid his shaft out of her swollen asshole  
and sort of fell against the couch. Greg was sitting in 
the front seat of the van now and Jen was just kind of 
slumped over on top of me. I rolled over to the side and 
sat up to grab a beer. I took a few mouthfuls and offered 
it to Jen. She sipped on the can and sat silently. After a 
few minutes she asked me to take her home.

I dropped off Paul and Greg on the way to Jen's house. Jen 
didn't speak at all during the ride home. I started 
feeling kind of bad for Jen, we really fucked over this 
poor girl. I guessed that she wasn't as wild as she seemed 
judging by the way she was dressed. When we got to her 
house I walked her to the door. She unlocked the door and 
had no intention of inviting me in. I asked if I could use 
the bathroom. I almost had to beg her. She reluctantly 
agreed to let me in. There were a couple of pairs of panty 
hose hanging in the bathroom and a real sexy negligee 
hanging on the back of the door. I saw a razor sitting on 
the side of the bathtub and started thinking about Jen's 
smooth, glistening cunt again. I could feel myself getting 
worked up again, wanting her to myself this time.
I left the bathroom and found Jen sitting on the couch in 
a bathrobe. I tried to think of something to say to her 
but she abruptly asked me to just leave, she wanted to 
take a shower. Determined to have her again, I sat down 
next to her and asked how she felt. "Now how the fuck do 
you think I feel" she asked. More determined than ever, I 
reached over and pushed my hand under her bathrobe and let 
it rest on her thigh. She went to get up and I pulled her 
back down on the couch. I said "look, I'm sorry for what 
happened tonight. I know that my apology doesn't make it 
any different but we were all fucked up and got carried 
away". She stood up again and said that she just wanted to 
take a shower and for me to leave. She walked away and 
went into the bathroom locking the door behind her. I just 
sat there wondering if I should leave or try to get laid 
again. I got up and checked her refrigerator. She had a 
six pack in there so I grabbed a beer. I sat on the couch 
for about 10 minutes and heard the shower go off. A couple 
of minutes later Jen came out of the bathroom. She got 
real pissed off when she saw me still there and told me to 
get the fuck out of her house or I'd be sorry. She was 
wearing the same bathrobe and it had swung open, exposing 
her thighs almost to her crotch. I started getting more 
exited looking at her soft, milky white flesh. I was more 
determined than ever to have another go round with her. I 
got up and pulled her down onto the couch. She cried out 
in protest which was starting to excite me even more. I 
roughly pulled her robe up over her head and pulled in on 
her waist as I pushed down on her upper back positioning 
myself behind her. She was now in the "doggie" position 
and fighting like hell. I pulled the bathrobe all the way 
over her from behind so that it covered her head and 
flailing arms. She was lying on the side of her face, her 
arms entangled in the robe now. My arm was around her 
waist pulling upward so those round mellons were 
invitingly in the air. I could see her red, swollen 
asshole now. It was puffy and much redder than it normally 
would be. Looking at that tight, swollen little orifice 
made me get extremely excited. I spit on one of my fingers 
and shoved it against her swollen bud. She cried out in 
pain and tried to get up. I grabbed her roughly by the 
hair and forced her face into the cushion on the couch. I 
smacked her ass as hard as I could, stinging my own hand. 
She cried out and then started to sob. I backhanded her 
across the ass again and she started to cry. I spit into 
my hand and smeared it over the head of my now raging 
cock. I spit onto my fingers and shoved them against her 
swollen asshole to get it lubricated ready for my 
intrusion. Red welts had formed where I smacked her ass. 
Jen jumped when I shoved my fingers against the entrance 
of her anal entry and cried out painfully. This made me 
more exited and I roughly shoved the purple head of my 
cock against that unyielding passageway. I pulled her 
against me as I thrust forward and her sphincter gave in 
to the force of the weapon I yielded. I watched my cock, 
now fully lubricated with the mucus from her back door, 
slip easily back and forth inside her. Jen made little 
whimpering sounds while I thrust in and out of her. I 
leaned over her and slid two fingers into her shaved cunt 
while I roughly handled her small, firm tits with my other 
hand. I was getting ready to ejaculate into her deepest 
recesses. The thought of forcing my cock as far up inside 
her as I could when I was ready to cum excited me. I sat 
up to take a final look at my cock slipping easily in and 
out of her and could see trickles of blood from her abused 
asshole running down my cock. As the cum welled up in my 
balls I started slamming into Jen. She raised herself up 
on her hands and started to moan. As I shot my load I 
slammed my battering ram into Jen as far as I could. I 
held it there until the spastic contractions of my cumming 
cock subsided. Again I started slamming in and out of that 
swollen, bloody bung hole to milk the last drops of cum 
from my still rigid tool. Jen was moaning and moving to 
meet my thrusts. I reached to her cunt and started 
massaging her clit between my thumb and forefinger. Jen 
cried out blissfully as she reached orgasm. I withdrew my 
cock from her bloody, swollen asshole. I turned her over 
on her back and, starting from her neck, kissed her gently 
and slowly, reaching her nipples, I gently sucked and 
caressed them. Continuing downward I finally reached her 
sweet, shaven mound. I ran my tongue gently over her clit 
and took it into my mouth. I slowly slid my finger in and 
out of that sweet love tunnel as I continued to tongue her 
love button. I ran my hand over her firm little tits and 
she moaned softly. She started to tremble and I licked her 
clit faster. Her body started to writhe as she approached 
climax. She stiffend as she reached orgasm. She shudderd a 
few times and then laid quietly back on the couch. I put 
my tongue between her soft cunt lips and lapped up her 
love juices, savoring the fragrance and taste of her. She 
laid there quietly for a few minutes and then softly asked 
me to leave.

I haven't seen Jen since that night. I've been told that 
she doesn't dance anymore. Maybe tonight I'll take a ride 
by her house.............

--
