                                    GANG RAPE

             The girl knew she should not be out alone so late,  but what
        was she to do?   She had to go to work even if her car was in the
        shop.   And since no one went her way at quitting  time,  walking
        the dark streets at 3am was her only choice.
             For protection, she carried a can of mace in her purse.  The
        local  newspapers  had been full of stories of rapes lately,  and
        she thought she should be ready.   She knew that any woman alone,
        whether beautiful or ugly, should be on guard.
             After  getting off the bus 3 blocks from her apartment,  she
        whispered a silent prayer and half ran toward her home.   But God
        was not on her side that night.
             She  saw the man leaning against the wall of a building half
        way down the block.   When he saw her coming,  he pushed away and
        stood in the middle of the side walk.   She slipped the mace into
        her palm in what she thought was a inconspicuous way.  As she got
        closer to him, he smiled.
             "Hi,  baby.    Whatcha doin' out here all by your lonesome?"
        he asked, still with a smile on his face.
             She ignored him, and tried to go quickly around him.
             "I'm talkin' to you, baby.  Wanna have some fun?"
             "No, thank you," she replied.
             "Sugar,  the night is young."  He grabbed her arm and pulled
        her toward him, "and I want to have some fun."
             She raised her hand holding the mace,  but before she  could
        squeeze the trigger,  he grabbed and twisted her wrist,  bringing
        tears to her eyes. "Please leave me alone!"
             "My, My, this little pussy has claws."  He took the mace and
        hurled it away.  "Now,  no more toys.   You and me have things to
        do."
             She  tried to scream,  but he clamped his free hand over her
        mouth.  With that hand over her mouth, and his other twisting her
        arm behind her back,  he pushed her towards a nearby alley.   She
        struggled,  but  he was too strong for her.   The alley was dark,
        but she could make out a van parked at the very end.   All of its
        lights were out.   The man whistled once.   The rear doors of the
        van opened and 3 men jumped out.   They circled the  man  holding
        the girl.
             "Nice work, Red.  She's a real looker." said one man.
             "Yeah, Red, she's one hot looking cunt." said another.
             Red  released  her  arm.    Then he caressed her long blonde
        hair.  "Not a bad nights work, huh?"
             "She doesn't look like she's havin' a good time.   Tell  her
        to have a good time Red." said a small, dark man.
             "OK."
             He  turned  her around to face him.   Her face was white and
        her eyes were huge.  She felt numb.
             "Baby, these here are my friends.   We all wanna have a good
        time tonight.  That why you're here.    We gonna have a good time
        with you.  And if you please us, we might let you live."
             She  opened her mouth to scream,  but he slapped her,  hard.
        Her head snapped to the right.   She felt blood well  up  on  her
        lip.
             "You gonna give us a good time, right?"
             She just stared.

                                        1

             He slapped her again, on the other side of her face.
             "I didn't hear you, bitch."
             She started to cry.  "Please let me go.  I won't tell anyone
        what happened.  Please."
             "Baby,  when  your legs are spread and my hot dick is buried
        inside of you, you'll be so glad I found you tonight!"
             She started to struggle in earnest.   One of the other  guys
        went to grab her feet,  but she managed to kick him in the groin.
        He bent over, moaning.
             Red punched her in the side of the head.  She saw stars, and
        then blackness.
             She came to inside of the van.  There were two men on either
        side of her.  She was still clothed.  The men were arguing on who
        was going to be first.  Red insisted that it be him, since he did
        all the work.   The rest finally gave in.   Her groaning  brought
        four heads around to look at her.
             "Well, hot stuff is back with us.  Good, just in time to en-
        joy  the  attention we're gonna give her.   Are you ready for me,
        cunt?" asked Red.
             She tried to sit up,  but her head was  spinning  too  much.
        She felt hands on her shirt and tried to block them.   One of the
        men grabbed her arms and pulled them behind her back.  Red slowly
        unbuttoned her blouse.
             "Baby,  you got some red hot tits.    I can't wait  to  suck
        each  of  them nipples till they stick out like two fat cherries.
        Then I'm gonna rip off them panties of yours and  suck  your  hot
        slit.  Think you're gonna like that?"
             She  tried  to  squirm,  but  the man behind her put his arm
        around her throat.
             "Let her scream, no one can hear thru these walls,  you know
        that," Red said, "now, where was I?"
             He pulled her blouse off her shoulders.   Then he unfastened
        her bra.   Her breasts sprang free.   She could  feel  the  tears
        rolling down her face.  Three sets of hands caressed her breasts.
        She  felt  the  bile  rising.    She  felt hands pulling down her
        slacks.  All that was left were her panties.
             "Oh man, I can smell her from here!",  one of the guys said,
        "Hurry up, I want a piece of that ass!"
             "Bud, hold her arms down.  Chuckie, spread her legs for me,"
        ordered Red.
             "What about me man?" asked Hook.
             "Just hold your dick, like always," replied Red.
             Bud  was  having a hard time holding the girl still,  but he
        slapped her a few times to still  her.    Chuckie  had  her  legs
        spread  wide.    Red  kneeled in front of her,  and ran his hands
        along her thighs.   She sobbed.   He kissed  the  inside  of  her
        thighs,  and then pulled her panties to one side.  He plunged his
        tongue deep into her slit.
             "Oh shit, she's sweet.  I can't wait anymore.  I have to ram
        it inside."
             Red opened his fly and pushed  his  pants  down  around  his
        ankles.   She started to scream.  Bud slapped her yet again.  Red
        pulled his swollen member out from his shorts.    He  licked  his
        middle  finger  and  pushed it into her canal.   He then took his
        dick and put it at her entrance.  She tried to buck,  but he took
        advantage  and grabbed her hips.   Without waiting,  he shoved it

                                        2

        all the way in.  She screamed in pain.  He pumped back and forth.
        He leaned over and sucked her tits.   His ramming was harder  and
        harder.      Then with a final lunge,  he released his cum inside
        her.
             "Shit, shit, shit!  That was fucken' great!" Red yelled.
             She sobbed quietly,  feeling the semen rolling out her open-
        ing.
             "My turn, man!" said Bud.  Red took his place by her head.
             Without ceremony,  Bud dropped his pants, revealing his hard
        cock.   He pushed a finger into her,  then added  another.    She
        groaned.
             "Ha,  see,  she likes it!", Red said.  He started pushing in
        and out faster.  With his other hand he grabbed at a tit,  pinch-
        ing the nipple cruelly.  She sobbed harder.
             "Poor bitch needs my big dick bad,  don't she?   Well pussy,
        here I come."
             He slowly pushed his blood engorged penis  into  her  spread
        lips.   Buried deep inside her,  he said, "Feels great, don't it?
        And I'll bet you want it harder.  He started to pump harder.  She
        whimpered.   He took huge plunges,  hurting her.   Then,  without
        warning, he shuttered and emptied himself.  He rolled off, sweat-
        ing.  She prayed that they would kill her now.
             "Hook, she's all yours," said Bud.
             "I  want  her  mouth,"  replied  Hook.    With a man holding
        either arm, they lifted her onto her knees.  Hook sat on a bench,
        with his rod sticking straight out in front of him.   The two men
        dragged her over to him.  She fought with renewed strength.  They
        just  pushed her face at his crotch.   Hook grabbed her on either
        side of her face and pushed his  dick  toward  her  mouth.    She
        refused to open her mouth.  Hook clutched her jaw, and forced her
        mouth open.  She felt more tears giving way.  He shoved his penis
        into  her open mouth and thrust.   He continued to do so until he
        felt himself get close.   The men knew what to do.   The laid her
        again on her back.  He straddled her chest, and put his penis be-
        tween her breasts.  He held them together, thrusting as though it
        were  a  vagina.    He finally let go,  splattering his semen all
        over her face and throat.  She gagged, sobbing.
             "Oh baby, you are somethin' else!", said Red,  "it's too bad
        the fun is almost over.   Only Chuckie is left.  But, at least we
        saved the best for last!"  He laughed histerically.
             "Remember me,  cunt?   I'm the one you kicked in  the  dick.
        Good thing you didn't put me out of commission, else you wouldn't
        be going to get that virgin ass of yours fucked."
             She screamed again.  Then passed out.
             "Fuck it man, I want her awake.  I get off on the screaming.
        I love it when they fight!"
             "Alright,  no problem," Red replied.   He took a can of beer
        off a shelf and spilled some on her face.  She coughed,  and came
        to.  She had no more energy in which to struggle.
             "That's  better  you twat.   Now get on your hand ands knees
        like the good little bitch that you are."
             She tried to back away,  but 2 of the men grabbed her  arms.
        They tossed her over onto her stomach,  then lifted her torso up.
        Chuckie grabbed her hips and pulled them toward him.   He  spread
        her ass checks,  and then lowered his face to lick her crack.  He


                                        3

        spit on her asshole,  then used his middle finger to lube her up.
        She  sobbed uncontrollably.   He eased his finger in to the first
        knuckle.
             "Ah,  fuck it.   I'm just gonna ram it up good.   That's the
        best way to break in a virgin butt hole."
             The rest of the guys grinned.
             Chuckie  spread  more  spit around his cock.   Then he posi-
        tioned it at the opening to her ass.  He held her struggling hips
        tight,  then pushed his huge dick all the way in.   She screamed,
        believing  she was being torn in half.   He stopped when his dick
        was fully inside her.   Then he eased out slowly.    Then plunged
        back in.   He kept up this motion until every drop of his cum was
        emptied into her bowels.   Even then he would not  withdraw  him-
        self.
             "Come  on  Chuckie,  get out.   She's had enough of your ass
        breaker."  Chuckie slowly withdrew.   By this time she  was  only
        semi conscience.
             "Man, what a night!"
             "Yeah Red, that was great."
             "Time to go men.  Throw out the trash."
             Bud  and  Hook  picked up the girl,  still nude and dripping
        with male juices,  and tossed her into the garbage  container  in
        the alley.


                                       THE END

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was leeched from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

