			  *INTIMATE AFFAIRS*   
		      Chapter 1 - Gary, Mike and Me   
			   By Heather Dawson    

		   "CREATIVE SEXUAL ENERGY FROM HEATHER"
 
     Please, won't you come and join me in a journey through 
human sexuality.  We will explore together, the emotional as well 
as the physical sides of pleasure.  We will encounter people, 
sometimes fictitious, who have discovered that a total loss of 
inhibitions can expand ones consciousness.  The women, men and 
all the others we will meet will inspire us to ponder our own 
sensuality.  My stories are sometimes true, directly from my own 
personal experiences.  Some of them are half-truths, and some are 
fantasies.  I will leave it up to you to decide which are which.   
I sincerely hope that you enjoy our travels together.  I truly 
believe that you will.   And I hope that, out of all of my tales 
of pleasure, you will stumble on something that will benefit you 
in your search for sexual freedom within yourself.
				      HEATHER



	  COPYRIGHT (C)  1990 - By Heather  Dawson -  
	  All rights reserved except as provided for 
	  herewith:  This document MAY BE freely repro-
	  duced, or transmitted by any form or any 
	  means, electronic or mechanical, including 
	  photocopying, recording, or information 
	  storage and retrieval systems, electronic 
	  bulletin board systems, or magnetic media, or 
	  other means deemed suitable, providing it is 
	  not modified in part or whole nor sold, or 
	  combined with other products sold commercial-
	  ly, without the express written permission of 
	  the author.



			  *INTIMATE AFFAIRS*

		    CHAPTER 1 - GARY, MIKE, AND ME



     I awoke late Friday morning around 11:30am to find the 
sunlight gently radiating into my bedroom.  The glow that illumi-
nated the room inspired me to have my morning coffee while sit-
ting at my window seat on the second floor.  As I reclined 
against the pillows, I felt the rays of sunbathe my naked body in 
a glorious warmth.  I saw the pool man arrive and I watched him 
unload the necessaries to service the pool.  His appearance left 
me breathless, he was exceptionally handsome and masculine.  
Gary, my husband, had been out of town for a week and I was very 
restless and starved for sex.  Seeing the pool man made me crave 
the endless hours of lovemaking that I was sure Gary and I would 
share upon his return home.

     I knew only that the pool mans name was Mike.  His skin was 
bronzed by the sun, his hair was shoulder length and pulled back 
into a ponytail. It was the blackest of black that I had ever 
seen.  He was built well, his arms and legs were muscular and 
looked very powerful.  The tight tan shorts he wore framed a 
rounded, tight ass, and a bulge up front that made me stir as I 
watched him lift and carry his supplies to the side of the house.

     He usually made it to our house on Mondays and Wednesdays.  
I was never at home when he was here, so I'd never had an intro-
duction.  Gary had asked him to come on Friday this week because 
we were hosting a business function in our home the next day, and 
would be entertaining poolside.

     I wanted to get a closer look at him, he was very arousing 
to me.  I decided the best way to get closer was to go on down to 
the pool and take in some sun.  I went to my armoire to retrieve 
my bikini.  As I was tying the top around my back, I tried to 
imagine what he would be thinking when he saw me in the tiny 
suit.  After I was suited up, I went to my mirror to make adjust-
ments for the maximum benefit...visibility!  My image was high-
lighted by the subtle shadows of my nipples and my pubic hair 
that the white bikini would allow to show through.

     My breasts are C-cup, and very high on my chest.  The straps 
of the bikini pulled them even higher and made them even more 
full, my cleavage was exposed and looked very provocative.  I 
wondered outloud, "why have I always been so intrigued with my 
cleavage," as I turned sideways to see my flattened belly and 
rounded ass.  They composed perfection against my strong, toned 
legs and thighs.  I adjusted the thong that ran down the center 
of my ass so that it was strategically placed in the center of my 
vagina.  The thong skillfully spread my vaginal lips exposing 
their pinkness.  My blonde pubic hair that was exposed was begin-
ning to glisten with the moistness that had begun to seep from 
deep within me.

     I wasn't really interested in having sex with Mike, I just 
wanted to watch him look at my body.  I wanted to see him get a 
rise in those tight little shorts as he took in my desirability.  
I liked it when I could dress seductively inducing men to admire 
my physique.  I enjoyed wondering what they were thinking while 
they looked at me, fantasizing about what they would do to me if 
they had the chance.

     I descended the staircase and walked towards the sliding 
glass doors that lead to the pool.  The marbled floor was frigid-
ly cold and it brought my nipples to full attention.  As I felt 
them become firm, I said aloud, "More for Mike to enjoy!"  With 
that, I slid the door open and stepped out into the open.  The 
noise of the door opening prompted Mike to look around for the 
source.  His eyes caught mine as I gracefully continued my walk 
around the pool to the lounges.

     "Hello Mike, I don't believe that we have had the pleasure 
of a formal introduction, I'm Heather, Gary's wife."  I extended 
my hand as he was visibly shaken by my appearance.

     "Hello, I'm glad to meet you, Gary has spoken of you before 
but I never imagined that you would be quite so beautiful."  Mike 
was looking deep into my eyes, and I felt the energy begin to 
build between us.

     His grip on my hand was strong as I asked if it would bother 
him if I sunned myself while he worked.  "I hope that it's not an 
inconvenience for me to be down here while you are cleaning the 
pool, I don't want to be in the way, so I'll just lie quietly so 
as to not to disturb you."

     "It's no problem at all Heather, I'm sure that I would enjoy 
your company."  His hand left mine as I turned to go to the 
nearest lounge.  I felt his eyes watching me walk, so I put a 
subtle emphasis on the sway of my hips.

     I made my way to the lounge that was the closest to him.  I 
wanted to have a good view of Mike, while allowing him to easily 
see me laying out.  I sat on the lounge with my feet still on the 
ground, I felt the excitement begin to rush through my body.  I 
decided to go all the way with this whole thing, so I put my 
hands behind my back to pull loose the strings of my bikini.  I 
looked up at him as my top slid down to my belly exposing my bare 
breasts.  He was watching me, his eyes alive with pleasure.  I 
let my lips form a soft smile as I returned his steady gaze.  He 
quickly went back to his work.

     I laid down on the lounger slipping my bikini bottoms off as 
I did.  My soft blonde pubic hair shimmered in the sunlight, as I 
felt the warmth of the rays caress my entire body.  Mike was 
still busily focusing his attention on the work before him.  I 
knew that he wanted to look at me, and I gave him every available 
opportunity to do exactly that.  "Mike, I hate to ask you such a 
overtly stupid question, but will you please hand me that bottle 
of oil beside the diving board?"

     He turned towards me, and I watched him glorify in the 
vision of my bare pussy and breasts.  "Sure, I think that I can 
handle that!"

     Our gaze on each other was firm as he turned towards the 
diving board.  I watched his ass as it swayed slightly with each 
pace he took and I felt myself become very aroused.  My nipples 
became rigidly hard as he approached me with the bottle of oil in 
hand.  "Oh thanks, I don't usually make a nuisance of myself, but 
I didn't figure that you would mind."  Mike just looked at me 
with a very sexy grin that encouraged me to start up a more 
"interesting" conversation.

     I took the oil from his hand and popped the top, "I hope 
that you don't mind me laying out in the nude while you work?"  I 
poised the bottle directly above my left breast and let it drip 
down to coat my already hard nipple, he watched as the oil oozed 
across the topside of my breasts.

     "Well I guess that you could say that I don't get to enjoy 
this kind of company everyday, I am certainly not going to tell 
you to put your suit back on."  He reached towards my breasts and 
began to rub the oil into my nipple area with moderate pressure.  
I let my eyes close as I felt his fingers caress the very tips of 
my nipple.  "I would like to add more oil to you if you don't 
mind, I love the way your breast looks now, I can only imagine 
what your cunt looks like with the oil."

     I opened my eyes to find him staring straight at me waiting 
for my reply.  My eyes involuntarily closed as I handed him the 
bottle.  What I felt for the next fifteen minutes or so was 
absolutely luxurious.

     I again watched as he held the bottle above my other breast 
and let even more oil run down onto it.  He watched as the drop-
lets intersected with my skin and slid down to my chest.  He then 
squeezed small puddles of oil onto my belly, legs, and the top of 
my pussy.  I felt the warm oil run down the inside of my inner 
thighs and onto my asshole.  He began to massage my breasts and 
belly with his slickened hands as I felt my body release my fluid 
onto my vaginal lips.  He talked about how wonderful my body was 
and how much he enjoyed touching it.  I said absolutely nothing.  
He began his decent to my lower body, slowly rubbing the oil 
deeper into my skin.  I felt his cock getting harder as it was 
pressed against the side of my torso.  He began moaning slightly 
with each stroke of his hands.

     I closed my eyes as he let two fingers slide onto the center 
of my pussy, I watched him savor the taste of my sweet juices on 
his fingers after he had felt that I was very hot.  I let him 
massage the oil onto my pussy as well as my upper thighs.  I kept 
my eyes closed and imagined that what it would feel like if his 
cock were inside of me and we were making love.  His fingers 
caressed in small circular motions over my thighs, he would then 
trace lines up to the opening of my pussy and massage my clit.  
My body was moving gently against his hand while I sighed and 
moaned in pleasure.  I opened my eyes to see him gazing fondly 
between my legs, he watched as he increased the pressure on my 
pussy.  "I don't think that I have ever seen a more beautiful 
body than yours Heather, I want to make love to you."  His state-
ment was almost in question form.  I wondered what he was think-
ing...he knew Gary was my husband, and I didn't know how to 
reply.

     It surprised me when circumstances were set up so that I 
didn't have to reply.  I looked up at my bedroom balcony to see 
Gary standing there in his swim trunks.  He had a very subtle 
smile on his face that I knew well.  It suddenly donned on me 
that he had been standing there watching for quite awhile.  "Well 
Mike, how are you doing on this fine summer day?" Gary said as he 
waved to me and began to descend the staircase leading to the 
pool.

     Mike jumped frantically, I'm sure he was frightful of what 
might happen next.  "Oh Gary...yes, I have finished with the 
pool, I guess I'll be getting on my way now."  Mike was beginning 
to move away from my naked body as Gary was coming towards me.

     "I don't think that there is any reason for you to leave 
now, I mean, after all, I'm not here to rain on anyone's 
parade...especially my wife's!"

     Mike was dumbfounded as he searched endlessly for a reply, 
it seemed as if hours had gone by before he finally spoke out.  
"I take it to mean that you don't mind what I was doing?"

     Gary came closer too the both of us.  He looked at me and 
smiled a glorious smile, then turned to Mike, "Michael, I don't 
prohibit any man from enjoying Heather's body, I simply like to 
be there when it comes time for her to be fucked.  You see Mike, 
Heather nor I believe in going outside of our marriage for sexual 
intercourse, but I believe full well in letting others watch and 
participate, to a point, while we do."  Mike seemed quite re-
lieved as he started back towards Gary and I.  "I'm glad to know 
that Heather is a beautiful woman and I would consider it a 
pleasure if I could see her get a bang from you!"  Gary reached 
down and pulled at one of my nipples, I let my head fall back and 
arched my back so that he could show Gary how valid his words 
were.  Gary pulled his trunks off, his cock was already firm with 
anticipation.  He swung a leg over the chair and me so that his 
crotch was right in front of my mouth.  I leaned to the side to 
see Mike watching closely.  I smiled generously at him and re-
turned my focus to Gary.

     I took his cock in my hand and lead it to my mouth.  Start-
ing at the top, I licked all the way to his balls, increasing the 
pressure as I went along.  Gary's eyes were closed as he began to 
push deeper into my throat.  Mike came around to our side so that 
he could get a better view of all that what was going on.  I was 
soaking Gary with my saliva as he plunged deeper into me.  He had 
taught me years earlier that I have to relax when I performed 
fellatio, I was quite inexperienced sexually when we first met.  
His exact instructions ran over and over in my mind just as they 
always did.  I always wanted to do everything I could to please 
him.  I had to curl my tongue to cover as much area of his dick 
as I could, and when I felt ready, I should begin the suction 
from the deepest possible point of my mouth.  I also liked it 
when he would pump my mouth just as he would my cunt.  He would 
begin short strokes, only allowing the tip of his head to enter 
my mouth, then pushing deeper into my throat while I sucked him 
for all that he was worth.  I had to acquire a taste for his 
come, but before long I was draining every drop from him, and 
enjoying it every bit as much as only a true a connoisseur could.

     Mike had his shorts dropped to his ankles, he was playing 
with his balls with one hand and pulling at his nipple with his 
other.  I motioned for him to come in closer to Gary and me.  
Gary watched me as I removed my mouth from him and began to lick 
Mikes cock with the tip of my tongue.  Mike put both hands on his 
nipples, he outstretched them and started to twist and pull them.  
He was looking down at my mouth, his eyes partially closed, as I 
took him into my throat.

     "Oh Heather, I can tell that you like to suck dick, I knew 
that those luscious lips were created with exactly that in mind."  
Mike was pumping deep into my mouth, I was sucking him harder 
with each stroke.  Gary began to move down towards my pussy, I 
could feel the wetness that had built from our encounter.  I knew 
that I was close to orgasm but I wanted to wait until they could 
join me.

     Gary spoke with a soft voice.  "I hope honey, that you are 
enjoying yourself, Mike seems to be doing wonderfully.  While he 
is filling that precious throat, I think I'll put something in 
your box!"  Gary asked Mike to hold off for a moment as he helped 
me off the lounger.  I knew what was coming next and I couldn't 
wait.  I felt my legs tremble as I stood to wait for Gary's 
instructions.  "Why don't you get down on all fours so that Mike 
and I will be able to take better care of you."  I bent over and 
rested my body on my hand and knees.  My ass was arched high in 
the air so that both Gary and Mike could see the juices dripping 
down my inner thighs.

     Mike came up in front of me and also got down on his knees.  
"I like to see you like this Heather, it makes it more pleasura-
ble when I can see your face while my dick is in your mouth."  
With that I licked my lips and opened my mouth wide for him to 
enter me.  Gary was behind me rubbing his cock against my pussy 
lips as I started sucking Mikes cock with great strength.  
"Heather, your so wet, that makes me know for sure that you like 
getting it from both ends!"  I felt as if I were about to ex-
plode, my legs were trembling with glory and I didn't know how 
much longer I could hang on.

     Gary slid his rigid cock up into my tight cunt and began 
pumping only the head.  He knew that I liked to be teased, and he 
loved to keep me on edge as to what was going to happen next.  I 
was in total ecstasy, Gary was pumping deeper and deeper into me 
and Mike was frivolously fucking my throat.  I had been involved 
with things of the like but never had I experienced such a total 
release.  Knowing that Gary had been watching Mike and I playing 
increased my pleasure ten-fold.

     Mike began to fuck my mouth with a fervor that wouldn't 
stop, he was pushing into me just like he would a pussy.  "Oh 
Heather, I am going to cum in your mouth...I want you to swallow 
all of it!"  His voice was shaky and broken.  Gary chimed in as 
he grabbed the sides of my ass and pulled me harder and harder 
onto him.  "I hope that your ready to go Mike, I'm fixing to blow 
my top too!"  They both were giving it to me with a force I had 
never experienced.  I looked up at Mike, his eyes were closed 
tightly as I felt his pressure increase.

     I felt my pussy swell and tighten as I tried to hold off 
just a little longer, but it was no use.  I let out a low, deep 
moan as I felt my cum gush and coat Gary's cock.  They both 
followed my lead and pumped feverishly...intensifying their 
plunges with every stroke.  Gary's juices rushed forward into me 
and then began to flow back out onto the ground, while coating 
both our legs.  Mike's juices shot out and torpedoed the back of 
my throat.  I couldn't hold all of it and so it seeped out and 
down the sides of my mouth. They both slowed their motions to 
release all of their fluid into my pussy and mouth.  I tightened 
my suction on Mike's cock, and my muscles contracted on Gary so 
that I drained every last drop from them both.

     They both pulled out and together they pulled me to my feet.  
My whole body was shaky from the experience, so my balance wasn't 
what it usually was.  Both Mike and Gary embraced me from their 
respective sides...they held me for a moment.  Gary broke the 
silence, "Mike, after the party tomorrow we'll probably need 
another cleaning...why don't you come by around 8pm?"  Mike 
simply nodded in agreement.  I looked straight at him winked, and 
kissed him on the cheek.  "See ya then Mike, we will all know 
each other a lot better after tomorrow night...at least I hope 
so!"

     He looked down at me, "I look forward to my next service 
call, I'll definitely be here!"

     While Mike turned and retrieved his belongings and supplies, 
Gary gently placed a familiar kiss on my nose, and then my fore-
head.  He then reached for my hand, and we began to climb the 
staircase leading to our bedroom.  "I love you Gary darling, more 
than you could ever know,"  I cooed.  "So what do you think babe, 
do you think Mike knows that we have been fantasizing about this 
day since last summer?" he inquired.  Gary had been away from me 
for a whole week and I longed to lie naked next to his body.  I 
squeezed his hand gently and said, "Honey, why don't we take a 
long nap, we'll need to get rested up for Mike's next service 
call."  We just looked at each other and smiled a very satisfied 
smile, and laid down to do exactly that.



     I hope that you enjoyed our little visit, I certainly did!  
There is a special place that I would like you to know about, 
it's my own mail folder on DataStar, (nodes 2 & 3), it's called 
"HEATHERS IN & OUT BOX".  Please feel free to give me a call 
there anytime.  You can leave me messages, let me know what you 
think about my stories, or just engage in some chit-chat.  Come 
and join in on some good ole' adult fun with me and my friends.  
Bring along some of your own friends if you like...we'd love to 
have you all!  I'm sure we can have a delightfully wonderful time 
together.

