Archive-name: Bestial/gate.txt
Archive-author: Michael 'Fox' Johnson
Archive-title: Gate, The


     Robert stepped through the wide doorway and into the
Gateroom..  It was smaller than he thought it would be, but as he
looked around, he realized the room was merely dwarfed by the mass
of the machine that filled the far end.  There were about 50 people
in his group, and the mechanical mountain that was the Gate Control
overshadowed them all. 
     Shifting his pack, he found his eyes drawn ever back to the
large stainless steel ring that would, when the machine came to
life, open to a view not of the innards of a machine, but to the
vistas of a new world.  Absently, he reached down and scratched the
ears of the large dog next to him.  It had taken some doing to get
the Gate council to allow Lady Stardancer to join him, as the
general rule had always been humans only, with the exception of
occasional farm animals.  But in the end, he had won out, and Star
was by his side as always.  He noticed the occasional glances from
the other group members and smiled inwardly.  Stardancer had held
his fascination since she was a puppy he had found in a shelter. 
Standing almost to his waist at the shoulder, long, silky hair
cascaded down from an intelligent face, almost like a collie's,
but without the oversharp muzzle.  Tulip shaped ears and the
mottled blacks, browns, and whites also told of her collie
ancestry.  She looked up at him affectionately and he rubbed under
her chin. 
     It was his love for Stardancer, and his attraction to all
animals that brought him, or rather drove him, to the gate. Running
from a world that could not accept even love among it's own kind,
much less between two different species.  He had scrimped and saved
for the outrageous price of a trip through the gate, a chance at
a world away from humans and their attempts to force their 'moral'
codes onto him, unwilling to understand or believe his love.  In
the pack that each member of his group carried was all the
equipment necessary to set up a new life, including seeds for food. 
The pack was huge, with small suspensor units in the bottom to make
it cartable.  All this was backed by an extensive survival training
course given to each person going through the gate.  He had found
a suitable stud for Stardancer, and the vet confirmed that she was
pregnant, in a few months he would have a nice little house built,
and Stardancer and her pups to keep him company.  It was a dream
that had kept him working and saving. 
     "If I could have your attention please?"  A short stocky man
had moved up in front of the stainless steel skeleton of the gate
portal.  "We are about ready to power up, please stay clear of the
doors as they close and stay within the yellow zones towards the
back.  Let me take this time to congratulate all of you on making
it this far, and wishing you luck in your new adventures.  It is
a different world that you are leaving for, and a dangerous one,
but it is a world full of wonders, almost everything you have heard
in myth and fantasy resides on the other side of the oval behind
me.  I must say that this is not what we expected to find when we
first built this machine, but it has opened a doorway for a special
group of people to find a new life.  I hope that all of you find
what your looking for on the other side of this doorway.  As you
know, your map shows the main settlement two klicks to the north
of the Gate Phase Area, sorry about the walk, but electrical
interference makes it necessary.  You are, of course, free to go
wherever you choose, but I suggest that even you loners make a stay
in the settlement for a few days to learn the ropes, it is a very
different world, and knowledge is the most valuable protection you
can have...  And now, please stand within the yellow areas, we are
preparing to power up."  With that, he walked off to the left where
other white coated people were milling around in a glass enclosed
control room.  There was a general shuffle as people made sure that
they were within the prescribed boundaries and clear of the massive
double bulkhead slowly sliding closed behind them..  Rob's eyes
never left the steel circle in front of him as he more felt than
heard the rising hum of the machine, the building of energy that
was still only understood as a complex mathematical equation... 
     Slowly, a deep red began to grow within the confinement of
the gate, slowly slipping up the spectrum to settle on a deep
purple that pulsed slightly.  It wasn't flat, there was the sense
of an infinite distance beyond the portal, though why he perceived
it, he could not say.  Suddenly, another component kicked in with
a high whine, and the image split into a chaos of forms and colors. 
 It was to much for his eyes, he had to look away.  In the crash
courses they had given him they had spoke of people staring into
the dance of colors and shapes and losing themselves within it, in
a few cases, irrevocably..  One could not look into the infinite
swirl of energy between universes for more than a brief moment
without going into sensory overload, but there was more, it drew
you, made you feel that if you looked long enough, a pattern would
emerge, a secret, that the keys to the universe lay in the swirling
colors..  Perhaps they did, but it was a trap none the less.  He
took brief glances until the scene slowly changed. 
     The whine climbed higher, and slowly, a scene began to emerge
from the chaos, suddenly it snapped into focus, but the scene was
so wrong that Rob had to look away quickly with the start of a
headache.  The scene was a forest, but wrong.  When he was younger,
he had gone to see a 3-D movie, and had tried putting his glasses
on backwards, the distorted perspective had given him a headache
after a few minutes.  The scene framed in the circle was like that,
only truly three dimensional rather than a two dimensional image,
and he got the feeling that the perspective distortion went beyond
just reversed, and more than three dimensions.  When he looked up
again, the forest was normal, and so clear, he felt he could almost
smell the trees.  There was a loud pop as the forcefield over the
Gate was released, and Rob felt his ears pop as the pressure in the
room equalized with the atmosphere beyond the gate.  Rob caught his
first scent of Flip-side's forest. 
     A figure appeared on the other side of the gate.  He was a
tall, slim man wearing, of all things, khaki shorts and one of
those english explorer type hats.  He looked for all the world like
a guide to a cheap roadside safari tourist trap..  Rob stifled back
a laugh, and heard a few snickers spread through the group.  "Ok,
folks", he said with a faint australian accent, "it's time! 
Please, form two line and step on through, and watch that first
step, it's a mother!"  He gestured for the first people to step on
through. 
     Rob had picked his spot well, being the second in line.  He
took tight hold of Lady Stardancer's leash (a thing he would never
have put on her if he didn't have to) as he came to the threshold,
then, bracing himself, he took the infamous Step.  If seeing the
distortion as the image appeared in the gate was bad, this was a
million times worse.  As he passed the threshold of the gate, he
passed through that formless chaos of between space, and his mind
tried desperately to put some form, some feeling to the experience. 
He felt like his was inside out, upside down, drifting in pieces
and compressed tightly together.  His universe was suddenly
contradictions that threatened to overwhelm him as he fought for
sanity.  Then suddenly he was on his knees in soft green grass, the
sunlight warm on his back and Stardancer whimpering next to him. 
He pulled her close and shivered against her for a moment before
letting himself be ushered off to the side.  Looking back, he saw
the great circle of the gate, suspended in the air, with the lab
on the other side.  Ringing the circle was a bare glimpse of that
swirling madness.  Rob shivered and looked away.  He now knew why
few people came back through the gate even if they disliked
Flip-side..  He didn't think he could face that transition again. 
It took a while for the rest of the party to get through the gate,
there was a slight delay as one woman fainted in a fit of hysterics
and a team of doctors that Rob hadn't noticed lifted her on a
stretcher.  Finally, the entire group was through, and a few
cartloads of packages and crates were exchanged back and forth, the
lab on the far side of the Gate did that wrenching twist of reality
and faded away leaving nothing but air. 
     "Well now, I see that some of you have noticed my clothes.. 
Had them shipped in from Gateside..  Figured you chaps needed some
cheering up after coming through the grinder there..  My names
Mickael, and I'm here to show you the way back to Gateway
Settlement.  I'm by no means a prof., but I can answer some of the
questions you might have on the way back, rooms have been set up
for all of you at the boarding house."  Rob let the chatter slip
to the background as he looked around at the trees and underbrush. 
He had never been able to find a true forest, one that hadn't been
touched by man, left standing on the whim of man, dependant on him
for it's survival.  Here was a forest that he doubted would or
could ever be conquered.  The trees seemed to grow to incredible
heights, and the underbrush was thick and obscured vision after no
more than a foot or two.  He heard many, many animals as well, the
forest was teeming with life..  Much bolder life than back there,
he thought, and he spied a fox slip out of cover for a moment to
pounce on a mouse, the disappear back into the undergrowth. 
     Vaguely he heard their guide in the background talking about
two people who had come up missing, their clothes found by what
could only have been a dragon's pool, and how important it was to
know as much as you could and think about what you do.  He also
talked about a growing library in town, open to all, with
information about the new world, all submission of information were
gladly appreciated.  The town worked on the barter system, but so
few people were here so far that everyone knew everyone else, and
hospitality was merely a knock away on most any door.  That wasn't
to say that there weren't a few bad eggs running around, but
everyone relied on everyone else to such an extent that these
people were quickly weeded out. 
     They rounded a curve in the path and came into view of the
settlement.  Rob didn't know what he had in mind as to what the
town would look like, but the plastiform buildings and cement
sidewalks came as something of a surprise.  Neon signs designated
the bar/restraunt, general store, blacksmiths, etc, and at the end
of the main street through the small town was a large building
who's sign proclaimed it The Gateway Inn.  Entering, each was
assigned a room.  Rob wearily made his way towards #136. 
     The room was small, but nice, with a large double bed, desk,
bathroom, and kitchenette, Rob could easily look around and imagine
himself at any motel across the US.  Stardancer immediately took
to the bed, laying her back up against the pillows, and looking at
him out of the corner of her eye with that hopeful look that told
him she was hungry.  Smiling, Rob leaned his pack up against the
wall and opened it to pull out a couple of thin packages of
dehydrated food.  There was probably room service here, but he
didn't want to be disturbed.  Finding the cabinets adequately
stocked, he placed the contents of the packages in a pan and mixed
it with water over the stove, then with that simmering, he made
sure the door was bolted and stripped out of his clothes, folding
them on the nightstand.  Stardancer had grown less interested in
the bed and more in the growing aroma of food, and had walked over
by the stove.  Now her attention moved back to Rob as she walked
over and sniffed the tip of his cock, giving it a light lick,
sending a shiver over Rob's body, his penis immediately starting
to respond.  "I think this will wait", he said, walking over to the
stove and turning off the heat, "it has been a while, hasn't it,
Lady.." 
     Stardancer again licked at the tip of Rob's now hard penis and
Rob reached down under her chin and pressed his thumb against the
side of her mouth, which dutifully opened as he pushed his thumb
between her gums gently.  He pushed his firm cock past the large
canines and into her hot mouth, groaning as he felt her soft tongue
move under him.  It was probably one of the greatest acts of trust
there could be between man and dog, but the feeling was incredible! 
Slowly, he withdrew and climbed up on the bed, patting the bed next
to him.  Stardancer jumped up beside him, licking his face and
neck.  "Lay down, Star, on your back", he said, running his hand
down her side, feeling the silky fur over her ribs.  Stardancer
rolled over on her back, her legs splayed wide, looking down at
Rob.  No matter how many times he had seen it, the sight of a dog
lying like that, male or female, had always given Rob a little
shiver of excitement.  He pulled her around until her head lay on
the pillows, then slide his hand down her chest to her belly,
finding each nipple and circling it with his finger until he
reached the last two, then let his finger slide down slowly to the
oval of her sex.  He traced his finger around the base several
times, the up to trace around the sensitive opening.  He let his
finger slide up and down the entrance to her vagina, felling her
grow wetter.  Gently, he pushed deeper, moving his finger in and
out, each time pressing a little farther.  Stardancer made a sound
that was something like a cross between a groan and a soft whine
and pulled her legs back a little, watching Rob intently.  Rob
withdrew his finger slowly and lowered himself down, bringing his
lips to the bitch's sex, his tongue gently circling her sex, then
pushing inward to taste her, sliding it up and down within her. 
"Stay here", he said, getting up from the bed.  Stardancer watched
him as he opened the pack and rummaged around a moment, coming back
with a tube of lubricant.  He quickly spread it over his penis,
knowing from experience that her wetness and his saliva were rarely
enough lubrication.  He climbed back onto the bed and lowered
himself over Stardancer, bringing the head of his cock to her
opening.  It took a little searching, as always, since he could
not go straight in, he had to slip the head of his penis past her
opening, then slide it down until he lined up with the channel of
her vagina.  Finally he felt he head of his penis move inward. 
Very slowly, he repeated the process he had with his finger, gently
pumping, going deeper with each stroke.  She was very tight, as she
always was when not in heat, and she whimpered just slightly and
pushed away a little, but Rob held her gently against his chest as
he pushed the last of the way into her and held himself there,
buried in her body.  He felt her sex tighten around him, each time,
she groaned softly deep in her throat.  Gently, Rob brought his
lips to hers, pressing his tongue past her lips, forcing the sharp
teeth gently apart to caress her tongue with his.  Very slowly he
started moving inside her, careful not to pull to far out lest she
push him out with her contractions.  As he saw that she was
beginning to enjoy it, he began to move faster, cradling her head
in his hands as he looked down into her eyes and pumped his hips
between her haunches, loving the feel of his penis sliding in her. 
She meant more to him than he could say, and he doubted he could
live without her, and when he made love to her, he was even closer
to her, he felt joined to her, a part of her as she was a part of
him.  He held off as long as he could, the gave into the
overflowing passion as he ground his hips between her haunches and
spilled his seed into her, feeling is pulse into her.  He thrust
a few more times, spilling the last of his semen into her warm
body, then lay still on top of her, resting his wait on his arms. 
Slowly, he softened, until her tight squeezes finally pushed him
from her body.  Immediately, she turned on her side and began to
lick herself.  He had often fantasized about impregnating her, but
it was not possible, and he wasn't quite sure why she generally
seemed to push his cum out of her as he withdrew, it seemed that
very little remained within her.  He watched her happily licking
it up as she cleaned herself, then went back over to the stove to
finish fixing their meal, it would be a busy day tomorrow.. 
 
                                      Fox 
 
If I get enough response from people who like this, and not to much
negative reaction, I will continue this story, let me know what you
think.. 
 
(c)Michael 'Fox' Johnson  11-3-91 

-- 
