                            GAYLES PUNISHMENT

This is the story of my punishment by my mistress. i was forced
to write this so she could tell everyone about how she treated
her slaves when they displeased her. Gayle

I was sitting at my desk in my office going over some financial
analysis reports when the phone rang.  I could see by the light
that my secretary had answered it.  A few seconds later the
intercom buzzed and she told me there was a woman on the phone
who would only identify herself as "Kay".  Since I didn't know
anyone by that name and certainly wasn't expecting a call, i was
a little bit puzzled. "probably someone trying to sell me
something", I thought.  "hello", I said after picking up the
receiver.

"Is this Gayle?", queried the female voice on the phone.  I
froze unable to move.  Who was this that knew my deepest secret
who was this that knew me by my feminine name 'Gayle'?  "I beg
your pardon", I stammered into the phone.  My mind was racing now
as the possibilities confronted my senses.  "Slave Gayle, this is
your Mistress Kay.  I hope you are in a very obedient and
submissive mood because I have need for a french maid slave this evening".

I was speechless and very much in a panic! I frequently visited
Mistress Kay at an S&M house downtown but it was always at my
instigation and by my schedule.  Although I had often called her
from my office, she had never called me here.  "Yes, Mistress
Kay, this is Gayle", I finally answered.  "Very good, Gayle, if
you had not taken my call I was going to call your secretary back
and tell her exactly who I was.  That I am your dominant mistress
who allows you to serve me only if you dress in sexy lingerie and
a very provocative revealing french maid's outfit. I was also
going to tell her that I would be willing to send her pictures
as proof if she didn't believe me. Think of that the next time I
call you".

Now I want you to listen very carefully to everything I am about
to say as i don't want any mistakes". "Yes, Mistress.  I am
listening very carefully". I pulled out a pad of paper to copy
everything down.  "Tonight I have a very special session with,
not one, but two slaves at the same time. I want you here as the
third slave.  I want to use you to not only serve me but also to
service both of my slaves.  I want them to leave here completely
satisfied and you are going to see to it that they are.  Now, I
want you to arrive at the rear entrance of the house at exactly
7:30pm.  Upon your arrival you are to be totally dressed as a
sexy french maid including makeup, wig, long polished nails,
black seamed stockings, and four inch heels.  You will be wearing
the very short french maid uniform with the frilly white satin
petticoat underneath and white apron in front. You are to park
your car in the alley behind the house and walk up the steps to
the second story porch entrance.  There will be a box with a note
in it.  Open the box and follow the instructions in the note
exactly.  Do you understand, me Gayle"?

I had been writing as fast as I could and what she was demanding
of me was just sinking in.  "Please tell me mistress, how am I
supposed to get completely dressed and drive across town? I am so
afraid of being exposed. I have always dressed for our sessions
after arriving at your place", I wined.  "I don't give a damn how
or where you get dressed but if you ever want to see me again,
you had better be at the back door at exactly 7:30pm and dressed
exactly as I told you and I want that slutty look to be a part of
it. Do I make myself perfectly clear?" "Yes, Mistress, but"
"good" she said interrupting me.  "Oh, one more thing.  Your ass
had better be completely smooth and free of hair tonight or else.
Good bye", as I heard the phone click.

I sat there still holding the phone listening to the dial tone. I
looked at my watch realizing it was already 4:30pm.  My mind was
numb trying to figure out what I was going to do.  Mistress Kay
was the best and most exciting mistress I had ever seen.
Although I couldn't have sessions with her as often as I would
have liked, I always looked forward to serving her and wondering
what new twist she would invent.  Well, this one took the cake!!
I had only three more hours to not only be at her door but to
figure out how I was going to get there.  Fortunately I had my
clothes and makeup in the overnight bag in the trunk of my car.
I wrote down a quick timetable of what I needed to get done.
Motel reservation, a shave (buy soap and razor), apply makeup and
wig, corset, bra, apply nails and polish hope it's dark by then.
I got a room in a nearby motel-the kind that you can exit
directly to the parking lot from.  I don't know what I would hav
done if all the motels around made you exit via the lobby.  It is
risky enough making the twenty foot dash to the car much less
trying to pass in the lobby.  Beside that an overcoat can only
hide so much.

I showered and shaved very closely.  Then I remembered her final
words smooth ass.  I carefully shaved both cheeks and in the
crack.  They felt deliciously smooth as I began rubbing baby oil
on them. After applying my makeup and pinning the long, curly wig
on I began to get dressed.  First I tightened the black satin
corset pulling my waist in.  As I pulled the laces tighter it
took my breath away.  I pulled the long, black seamed nylons up
over my legs and fastened the lacy tops to the six garters.  I
began to swoon as I pulled the black bikini panties over my hips.
Next came the strapless black bra with the foam nippled inserts.
I pulled on the black satin maid's uniform and the fluffy satin
petticoat and zipped up the back.  The coolness of the material
combined with the overall tightness felt wonderful.  Next I
clipped a pair a bright red earrings to each ear.  Finally,
slipped on the shiny, black patent four inch heels and inspected
myself in front of the full length mirror.  The tops of the
stockings were just visible beneath the white petticoat and, if I
bent over just slightly, the lace trim of my panties was visible
in the rear.  I had saved putting on my nails for last since I
still find it impossible to do most anything with them on.
Carefully I applied each one and then coated each with bright
shiny red polish.  Looking back into the mirror, I could see that
my nails, lips and earrings were all the same shiny red.

It was close to 7:10pm-time to leave.  I peeked out the closed
curtains to see if there was anyone in the vicinity.  There were
a couple of people checking into their rooms and getting luggage
from their car.  Fortunately it was now dark but there were a
number of lights on.  I would definitely not be invisible.  But I
couldn't wait much longer or I would be late, and I didn't want
to risk that.  I pulled my overcoat over me hoping that would
conceal most of my outfit.  Even a real female in a short french
maid's uniform would draw stares.  I took one last look, held my
breath, and opened the door.  I walked straight ahead to my car,
noticing one couple about fifty feet away.  I reached in my purse
for my keys and panicked as I could not find them. Had I left
them in the room? Then at last I found them. I quickly got in and
started the car.  It was then I noticed someone up on the second
floor balcony looking down through the front windshield.  My coat
had open as I slid into the seat baring my legs and displaying
the tops of my stockings.  I could see the look of amusement and
astonishment on his face as I drove away.  I hoped that was the
only encounter I would have.

As I drove the five miles around town, I felt that all eyes were
on me.  Actually, everyone was into their own thing and the drive
was uneventful.  I turned into the alley and parked the car about
twenty feet from the back stairs.  It was now 7:27pm.  Just
enough time to adjust myself I thought.  I left the coat and my
purse in the car and locked it.  Not having any pockets in which
to put the key I decided to leave it on the front tire.  I
adjusted my stockings and petticoat and walked across the
courtyard to the steps. Fortunately there was only one light back
here which left it fairly dark.  I could feel the cool air on the
tops of my legs as i walked up the outside stairway.  I wondered
how I would have looked to someone walking behind and beneath me.

                        GAYLES PUNISHMENT
                            Chapter 2

On the porch was a small box with a note on top addressed to
"slave gayle".  I felt especially vulnerable standing out here by
myself dressed in such a short and sexy outfit but there was n
turning back now.  I opened the envelope and read the note.

"Slave gayle, you are to follow these instructions exactly.
Failure to do so will mean immediate dismissal from my presence
and your exposure. In the box you will find a number of items
each has its own particular use. First, take out the four inch,
leather slave collar and fasten it around your neck.  Lock it in
place with the small, attached lock. Second, take out the leather
cock gag and place it in your mouth.  Tighten the buckle behind
your neck and lock it in place with the attached lock. Third,
pull your panties down around your knees.  Fourth, attach the
short, three inch leather strap to the ring in the front of the
slave collar. Fifth, kneel down and bend over and attach the
other end of the strap to the eye bolt on the porch floor five
feet from the door. Finally, place your wrists behind your back
and lock the handcuffs on. Someone will be out to get you soon."

I followed each order step by step, feeling more and more helpless as
each lock clicked into place.  As the handcuffs
locked I knew I was completely vulnerable and utterly helpless. I
was now on my knees, bent over from the waist with my face a
scant inch from the floor, a cock gag deep in my mouth, my
panties down around my knees, my bare smooth ass exposed, and my
wrists tightly secured behind my back.  Should anyone else come
up these back steps I was in deep trouble.

Suddenly the door opened slightly and I saw a piece of paper
pushed out and beneath my face.  It took me a while to focus my
eyes in the dim light. I read the note slowly. "Slave gayle, you
were not on your knees and restrained until 7:32pm.  I said you
were to be here at 7:30pm.  You will remain as you are for ten
minutes for each minute you were late.  You will remain tethered
on your knees with your panties pulled down for the next twenty
minutes. Concentrate on sucking the cock in your mouth. I want
your mouth ready.

Twenty minutes!!  My knees, jaws and arms were already hurting
me.  How could I kneel here like this for that long?  But what
were my choices?  Yell out? Unsnap the leather strap?  Unlock the
handcuffs and collar?  I was her prisoner and she knew it.
What's more, I knew it!  I heard all kinds of night noises over
the next twenty minutes.  At least five times I thought I heard
someone walking in the alley. If someone had come up here, I
couldn't even yell or explain that this was just a prank.  Oh,
how vulnerable my bare ass felt sticking up in the air and I knew
the short skirt did nothing to conceal it.  In fact, the black
skirt and black stockings probably framed my white buns. Then I
heard the sound of a dog or some animal. A cold nose touched my
bare fanny and a tongue flicked out repeatedly. It was agony and
yet stimulated me uncontrollable.

After an eternity, I heard the staccato clicking of high heels
and the door opened.  From my vantage point I could only see two
black, leather, high heeled boots coming through the doorway. The
boots stopped right next to my nose.  My whole world at that
moment consisted of the scent of leather.  Only the tightly
locked leather cock gag prevented me from licking each shiny toe.
"Well, gayle.  Don't you look cute.  Cute and very vulnerable." I
felt leather gloves stroking my smoothly shaven cheeks.  "I see
you followed my directions.  Your ass looks so sexy sticking up
in the air.  If I weren't afraid of drawing unwanted attention
from the neighbors, I'd get a slave out here and fuck you from
the rear.  You'd like that wouldn't you, gayle?  I'm going to
release you from your kneeling position now.  You will follow me
into the house with your wrists still handcuffed and you panties
around your knees.  You will have to prove yourself worthy of the
honor of wearing women's panties".

Slowly I got to my feet. The twenty minutes I spent in the
kneeling position made it difficult to balance on my stiletto
heels.  Mistress Kay exchanged the three inch leash for one about
eighteen inches long and pulled me after her into the house.
Although I had arrived almost thirty minutes ago, this was the
first time I could see what she was wearing.  She look absolutely
ravishing in a black leather miniskirt and matching top, thigh-
high leather boots with six inch heels, a black leather collar
around her neck, and black, elbow length leather gloves.  I would
have followed her anywhere, leash or no leash.

"Gayle, some of the other girls would like to see you.  They
couldn't believe you would actually arrive dressed this way.  I
assured them you would come dressed anyway I wanted.  Isn't that
correct?" I nodded my head unable to speak through the gag.
"First, I will remove your cock gag.  I don't want this leather
to interfere with your makeup and I want them to see your
shamefully painted bright red lips." She unlocked the gag with
the key she kept around her neck.  After slipping the wide
leather cock gag from my mouth, she carefully retouched my lips
with red lipstick, made me bend over and brutally inserted it
fully into my bare bottom. It hurt so much and was so
uncomfortable forced in as it was.  "Follow me, slut.  And you
better not embarrass me!"

I followed her down the hallway to the front of the house where
the reception area was located.  Upon entering the room I was
confronted by five beautiful women lounging on sofas.  Some were
dressed in everyday dresses while others wore low cut leather
outfits and spike heeled boots.  They seemed genuinely surprised
to see someone dressed this way on parade.  I also noticed a male
customer sitting on a chair off to one side.  His eyes widened at
the sight. "Girls, this is gayle.  As you can see, she arrived
dressed exactly as I ordered.  However, because she was late she
was forced to kneel out on the back porch for twenty minutes.
You will notice that her panties are pulled down around her knees
and she has a large cock forced painfully inside her tv pussy.
She will wear them there until she has earned the honor of
wearing women's panties".

"Bend over, gayle.  As you can see when I lift her skirt and
petticoat, gayle's ass is baby-smooth and lily white. With that
she gave the cock shaped dildo a wicked couple of turns causing
me to cry out. I can assure you that her ass will not remain white
for long.  These smooth cheeks will be a hot pink before she is
allowed to leave." Then one of the other women spoke up, "Kay,
why not let us begin her spanking right here.  Let each of us
give her five swats with your riding crop or my leather studded
paddle?" The rest of the women all quickly agreed each obviously
very eager to be first.

It was decided that i was to kneel down, beg each woman in turn
for a whipping, thank each one, and then give the riding crop or
paddle to the next. While receiving my five swats, I was to
kneel in front of the next woman with my mouth right up next to
her crotch.  I was forbidden to touch any of them with my tongue
or lips.  No matter how hard I was whipped or how much it hurt, I
could not lunge forward away from the crop or paddle for fear of
touching their crotch.  Each in turn applied the riding crop or
paddle turning my cheeks a bright red and sending waves of sharp
pain throughout my body. As I was whipped by each another
manipulated the cock shaped dildo often pushing it savagely in as
far as they could.

I hurt so bad I was in tears.  Throughout each whipping, the
sweet scent of their cunts filled my senses.  My nose and mouth
were so close yet so far.  With some I was right next to a
leather-covered crotch, while with others I was under their skirt
up against thin, filmy nylon panties.  I would have knelt there
forever despite my pain and humiliation. "Let's go, gayle, you
have much more work to do tonight.  I have two slaves in the back
rooms who have been begging for release". As I stood to leave the
other women smirked, "suck well, slut. We'll see you later when
you have cum dripping off your lips". Mistress Kay led me off by
the leash with my wrists still tightly bound  behind my back and
my panties still down around my knees.  I could faintly hear the
laughs and remarks coming from the mistresses in the other room.
I followed my mistress down a long hallway and then up a flight
of dimly lit stairs.  From my position slightly behind and below
her she looked absolutely intoxicating.  Her long, leather
covered legs disappeared beneath her short leather miniskirt,
displaying only a few inches of black nylons and a single garter
on each side.  Her tiny, lace panties were just hidden beneath
the hem adding to my arousal. Her 6" heels only made her taller
and more powerful.  How I longed to fall to my knees and worship
her leather and lace with my tongue.

"In due time, slave", she said, not looking back.  "In due time
you will be on your knees before me worshipping my boots and
panties".  She had read my mind!   I guess I am not the first
slave to follow her up these stairs and have this view.  At th
top of the stairs she roughly dragged me forward toward the
corner of the hallway.  Suddenly i felt a large cock gag being
forced between my lips.  The strap around my head was pulled very
tight forcing the cock deeper into my throat.  A leather
blindfold was next placed over my eyes shutting out all light. It
too was pulled extremely tight around my head.

"Put your knees together, bitch!", she commanded.  A leather
strap was pulled twice around my legs just above my knees pulling
them tightly together.  Another strap secured my ankles together.
she then pulled my skirt and petticoat up and tucked them into
the bottom of my corset, exposing my bare cheeks to anyone who
might come by.  "You will stand here and listen to the sounds of
my two slaves being whipped.  You will also hold this leather
crop in your hands behind you to be used by any of the other
mistresses who come upstairs with a slave.  With that she
proceeded to whip each cheek ten times with the crop before
placing it in my hand. The pain was like liquid fire over my
already flaming fanny. I could hear her heels clicking on the
hard floor as she walked down the hallway.

                        gayles punishment
                            chapter 3

I was completely and effectively immobilized!  the two small
leather straps pinned my legs together and left me teetering on
my pencil-thin high heels.  My knees tied together forced my
exposed ass to stick out and up in an obscene invitation. The
huge cock shaped dildo was still forcibly jammed in my poor tv
pussy. Thank god for that I thought, at least some protection for
me. I could neither see nor speak and it was all I could do jus
to keep my balance.  In the distance I could hear Mistress Kay's
displeasure at her slaves' performance and the sharp sounds of
the resultant whippings.  I could hear her slaves begging for
mercy and for the honor of serving her.  It was fascinating; like
being outside myself listening to myself.  I became more aroused
standing there helpless and wishing my mistress would offer me
the punishments. then I heard another voice and the unmistakable
sounds of high heels walking towards me.  It was coming from
downstairs and it was getting closer.  In the distance behind me
I heard one of the other mistresses, "well, isn't this sexy!
Look, slave, Mistress Kay has left us a little playtoy bound and
gagged and helpless".  They were right behind me now and I could
feel their eyes taking in the whole scene.

"And look here, the little bitch is holding a leather crop in her hands.
I'm sure she would just love for me to get her cut
little bare buns blistering red.  Wouldn't you, bitch?". "Look,
slave, her panties are already pulled down and her skirt pulled
up." L felt her take the whip from my hands and could hear it
whooshing through the air.  "My slave will count these for you.
you will get ten on each cheek,  and you had better not move or
fall over"!  Suddenly, I felt like my left cheek was on fire.
The whip hit with such great force i was almost thrust forward on
my face.  How I kept my balance I'll never know.  As much as I
wanted to jerk away from each blow, bound as I was at my knees
and ankles, I was not only unable to move at all but I was forced
to keep my ass thrust out to await the next stinging blow.  This
has to be the ultimate punishment I thought.  Gagged against
screaming, blindfolded against seeing, and tightly bound against
moving away literally impaled on a massive cock form.  She then
placed the whip back in my hand and led her slave away to his own
punishment.  I was left there to contemplate my predicament.

Suddenly, I heard Mistress Kay's voice.  I hadn't heard her
approach from the end of the hallway.  "Come with me, slave.  I
am going to have some fun with you slaves tonight.  I hobbled
after her as best as I could, taking two inch steps at a time.
When we entered the room, she removed the blindfold and gag and
untied my knees and ankles.  I was startled by the scene before
me.  The two slaves were tied standing spreadeagled facing away
from each other, with their backs about five feet apart.  They
were both blindfolded, and gagged.  A leather thong was tied to
each slave's balls, run back through his legs and tied to the
thong of the other slave.  This had the effect of pulling their
balls backward and their cocks down and straight out in front of
them.  When Mistress Kay whipped the slave on the left, an
movements away from the whip not only pulled the thong tighter on
his balls, but had the same effect on the other slave.
Alternately whipping each slave produced an almost comical scene
of two slaves jerking forward and then quickly back into the next
whip stroke.

Mistress Kay introduced me to her slaves.  "Slaves, this is slav
gayle who is here tonight at my commanding and will attempt t
give you poor suffering whimps at least a little pleasure
tonight".  Although I didn't have any idea what my role was to
be, I was not kept in the dark for long.  "Slave gayle, you will
kneel down in front of this slave.  As he is receiving his
punishment, you are to wrap those luscious lips around his hard
cock and let him fuck your mouth".  My knees were spread wide
apart and thick leather straps securely fastened them to the
floor.  To ensure that I did not help him in any way, a leather
strap was tied from my slave collar back to the wall behind me. I
could not move my head at all forward.  To get his pleasure, the
slave would have to thrust forward into my mouth on his own. Of
course, this would act against the leather thong tied to his and
the other slave's balls.  Diabolical, Mistress Kay. So there the
three of us were.  Mistress Kay slowly and methodically applied
the leather whip to her slave's ass forcing him to jerk forward
into my mouth.  This induced sharp pain in both his balls and the
other slave's causing the other slave to pull back which in turn
pulled the cock out of my mouth which increased his pleasure and
lust to thrust back forward and the cycle was repeated.  Add to
this the uneven timing of the mistress' strokes and all three of
us slaves were in a constant state of arousal and confusion.

Slowly, the whipping and my mouth were beginning to have an
effect on the helpless slave.  I could feel that his thrusting
was becoming more powerful, despite any other distractions.  Just
as he was at the absolute pinnacle of his lust, Mistress Kay
pulled his erect throbbing cock from my mouth and gave it a sharp
slap with the whip.  "Do not cum, slave!" She then gave his balls
an equally sharp stroke effectively stopping any thought of an
orgasm.  The slave was dumbfounded-so close yet so far.  "This is
not for your pleasure, slave.  You did not, for a moment, think
that you would be allowed to satisfy yourself, did you?" The
slave, already blindfolded and gagged could only mumble an
unintelligible response. But his continued thrusting and
searching for my lips betraying his true feelings.

Mistress Kay then untied the leather straps securing me and
repositioned me in an identical position in front of the other
slave.  This slave only had a vague idea of what had happened to
the other slave.  He still did not know what feelings to expect.
I was forced to receive his cock as Mistress Kay brought him
close to the edge of release. The end result was two slaves left
in pain and each begging and squirming for sexual release.

It was then that Mistress Kay introduced her most devious device
It was a two foot by four foot platform of wood mounted on wheels
raising it about four inches off the floor.  I was forced to
kneel on it and my knees and ankles were spread wide and tightly
secured to the platform with leather straps.  Then, I was forced
to bend forward and my slave collar was fasted to a ring in the
platform, leaving my face scant inches off the base. My wrists
were then each secured to leather straps at either corner.  I was
completely helpless with my ass thrust high in the air.  I
remembered my twenty minutes in a similar position on the back
porch.  But the difference with this device was the wheels.
Mistress Kay grabbed the leather leash attached to the front of
it and proceeded to pull my around the room. "see, slave gayle.
I can deliver your mouth or ass anywhere I feel it is needed.  I
can put you in my van and drive across town.  I can park in the
underground parking garage and wheel you along to the elevator
and place you inside.  Then I could push the button for the
fifteenth floor and leave you in there to ride on up to be met by
one of my mistress friends.  Can you imagine the surprise and
shock of anyone boarding that elevator on any of the intervening
fourteen floors?  Of course, you surely wouldn't be in any
position to see their expressions, would you?"

"But, that is not what I have in mind tonight.  These two slaves
have endured much pain and suffering tonight.  I plan on giving
them a small reward. I am going to release them from their bonds
but I am only going to give them ten minutes to satisfy their
lust.  I am going downstairs to join the other mistresses and the
slaves will have the unique opportunity to do whatever they
desire to achieve sexual satisfaction.  Remember, it has been
over a month since either of them has been allowed an orgasm and
they each know it will be at least that long before they are
allowed another.  I am going to leave you bound to this device in
the middle of the room and let them have some fun". While she was
elaborating on this scenario, she placed the toe of her righ
boot on the platform right in front of my mouth.  I didn't have
to be told what was expected of me.  I strained forward to lick
her shiny boots with my tongue.  All the while that she was
explaining my upcoming ordeal in great detail I was obediently
tonguing her boot.  She then removed the massive cock shaped
dildo from my tv pussy.

When she finally released her two slaves, they were like animals
in heat.  She kept them gagged and blindfolded, adding to their
sense of urgency.  She led them over near me and coyly told them,
"Remember, slaves, it wasn't your mistress who teased you with
pleasure.  I only supplied the pain.  It was the sensuous mouth
and tongue of this slave gayle who is bound before you that
brought you to the edge.  Now, I am giving you a rare ten minutes
to ourselves.  I will tell you that gayle's panties are down and
her ass is bare and her lips are ready and waiting." Then she
departed announcing that she would return in exactly ten minutes.
i was absolutely helpless to their onslaught.  Once the
pinpointed exactly where I was, they fought each other for
position.  I felt like a piece of meat being fought over by two
lions.  In a sense i was.  One slave located my mouth and quickly
thrust his hard cock between my lips.  Almost simultaneously the
other slave had positioned himself behind me and was thrusting an
equally hard cock into my ass.  I couldn't move very much and
just had to take it.  With the knowledge that this might be the
last orgasm for week, they were each making this one count.  As if
on cue, they both began cuming into me at the same time. I was
being ravaged at both ends and could only respond to one at a
time.  But my body could not choose and reacted to both
instinctively.  But, they did not stop with just one.  They both
continued thrusting and clawing at my body.  My panties were
completely ripped off my hips and my head was firmly held in
position by the other slave.

Mercifully, Mistress Kay returned at the ten minute mark. She
quickly placed both slaves back in their bondage.  "It's late and
your mistress is in need of her rest.  You will all remain in
these positions for the rest of the night.  She gave each slave
five quick cuts with the crop.  Then she came over to me and lay
back on the floor against the gathering of pillows.  She reached
out and picked up the leash and slowly pulled the wheeled
platform towards her outspread legs.  My mouth rested only a few
inches from her satin covered pussy.  As she slowly pushed the
panties aside she said, "slave, gayle, Your Mistress needs to
unwind after a hectic day.  You are to lick my pussy gently until
I cum.  Since this is for my pleasure alone, you will b
blindfolded.  You are to be nothing but a tongue."

As I was enveloped in total darkness, my whole world consisted of
the wonderful smell and taste of my mistress.  I licked and
sucked the lips of her sweet pussy knowing that my only purpose
was to give my mistress unending pleasure.  I was in my rightful
position.
