Archive-name: Changes/gemini3.txt
Archive-author: Cherysse St. Claire
Archive-title: Gemini, The (Part 3)


    Why am I always so damn horny after I leave Janice's office? Making it
with her just seemed to make it worse, not better. I scored a quick fuck
with Mason, the orderly (and one of my former johns) in the linen closet.
He only had twenty-five dollars to offer me, but I would have taken him on
if it had only been twenty-five cents; he is hung like a horse, and I
needed it bad! I gave Jade a real workout with the double-ended dildo when
I got home. She had no complaints about my randiness; she used every trick
in the book to make me hotter! I do know that we launched each other into
lunar orbit before we were through.
    Jade and I had gotten real close, and our love games were paying off   
big-time. We were real well-known on the street; know what I mean? Johns
were asking for us by name. We were even getting jobs at private parties;
people LOVE to watch two sexy sluts get it on! We now cleared enough to
move out of the dump we had been living in and into a much nicer place. We
never gave a thought to getting separate apartments; we wanted to stay 
together, period.                             
    One night, while I held her in my arms, Jade told me about all the     
rotten things that had happened to her as a kid; stuff she had never even
told Janice. Her mom had gotten a kick out of dressing up her delicate 
young son as a girl. I guess she always wanted a daughter, or something.
Anyway, one day when he was sixteen, she got him all dolled up and
introduced her `daughter Jade' to her husband. He went ballistic! He
screamed that the only things girls were good for were sucking and fucking,
and if that's what his kid wanted, it was fine with him! With that, he
pulled out his cock, stuck it in Jade's mouth, and made her suck him off.
After that, he made her eat her mother's pussy while he fucked Jade's
virgin ass. Afterwards, her dad told her mom that it was all right with him
if she turned Jade into a girl, but the "little cunt" would have to earn
her keep. To Jade's horror, her mother agreed! From that time on, Jade
lived full-time as their `daughter' and turned tricks which they set up for
her. She hadn't been `abandoned', like she told Janice; she ran away.    
    She made her way here - broke, scared, and alone - and made a living
the only way she knew how. She found out about Janice and the Clinic
through the other `girls' she met on the streets. She was able to hide most
of her past (hey, we're ALL good actresses, Honey) and paid her way
through the program with trick money. She knew Janice would never condone
her lifestyle and would bounce her out of the program if she found out Jade
was hooking, so she kept her mouth shut. She really did try to `go
straight', but she couldn't get a job and the money was running out. One
night she had gone back to Tush Street and met a guy who seemed nice and
had money. She was desperate, so she hustled him. She felt so guilty about
it later that she just couldn't face Janice again; that's when she dropped
out of councilling. I asked her why she hadn't just gone back to living as
a boy when she first left home; why had she gone `all the way'? She just
shrugged her shoulders a little and told me she didn't really know how
anymore. She had just gone from one trick to the next, hoping to find -
something, anything she could believe in. Then she gave me a little squeeze
and told me she finally had - me. I was close to tears. I told her that
what her folks had done to her was really sick, and promised I would never,
ever let anyone abuse her like that again. Then I hugged her tightly and
rocked her to sleep.
    We got a gig at a private swing party in a lakeshore high-rise. Hal,
the guy giving the party, told me a friend had given him our names. He
wanted us to do a "scene" to get his guests in the right mood.

    "Sure, no problem. We'll get 'em hot enough to melt their shorts."

The party was a bunch of doctors, lawyers, stockbrokers, and Corporate-
types who were into kink, but wouldn't dream of getting "down 'n dirty" on
the street. That's OK with us; doing a show for "tourists" is fun and easy
money. Getting them hot, horny, and willing in a place they feel safe
ALWAYS leads to some action on the side - for which we can charge BIG bucks
to guys like these. Jade tugged on my arm and nodded towards the windows.
                                                                        
    "Janice is here."                                                   
                                                                           
Sure enough, there she was - on the arm of some stud I recognized from
T.V.; the quarterback of the local football team, I think. But this Janice
was an entirely different person. She wore a tight-fitting red silk blouse,
open at the neck to show a lot of boob, and an equally tight-fitting black
spandex miniskirt. She was braless and, from the way her stud was fondling 
her between her legs, pantiless too. She was all over him like a cheap
suit, cupping her boobs with her hands for his admiring glances, rubbing
her cunt up against his crotch, and blatantly sticking her tongue in his
ear. I couldn't imagine prim, proper Dr. Janice Foster putting on a display
like this in public, even here. I mentioned that to Hal, and he smirked.

    "She wouldn't be caught dead looking like that - if she had a choice.
    She doesn't. I know her both personally AND professionally; we are both
    Psychiatrists. She's always had a reputation as a `cold fish'. Lance, 
    her boyfriend, asked me to help him play a little trick on her. The 
    three of us had dinner here earlier this evening. I slipped a little 
    `something extra' into Janice's wine; a powerful hypnotic drug. We put
    her on the couch and I put her under. I `loosened her up' quite a bit
    for the occasion. A bit unethical, perhaps, but no real harm done."

    "Wow, you mean she's in a trance or something?"

    "Not really. I brought her out for the party, with a strong post-
    hypnotic suggestion that she wants to flaunt herself freely with Lance
    and everyone else for the rest of the evening. She will wake up
    tomorrow her usual self. She may not believe she could have done such a
    thing, but she will remember it, and enjoy it. We always say hypnosis
    can't make someone do something they don't want to do. From the looks
    of things, Janice has been denying herself a lot of guilty pleasures."

    "Wow, that's neat! I always thought Janice was too stiff."

    "Well, now we can let some of the `starch' out of her from time to
    time. I planted a trigger phrase that will activate the post-hypnotic
    suggestion later."

    "Wait a minute. You mean you can make her like this anytime, just by 
    saying a few words?"

    "It requires some follow-up conditioning, but essentially, yes."

    "Cool!"

I nuzzled up to Hal suggestively, casually grabbing his cock through his 
pants in a way no one else could see.

    "Doctor, I wonder if you would mind stepping into my `office' for a 
    moment. We have a little `business' to discuss."

I backed him into the bedroom and shut the door behind us. I came out
twenty minutes later, grinning like I had just swallowed a canary. I had
a good lay (he wasn't bad, for a doctor), an `understanding' about a future
exchange of `services', and something MUCH more valuable!

    We did our "scene", and the audience was so turned-on by it that
several of them paired off and fucked right there in front of everyone.
Jade and I spent the next couple of hours taking on all "Cummers" wherever
they wanted it; bedroom, bathroom, on top of the pool table, standing
against a wall, anywhere.

    "My goodness, you two really do fuck like bunnies, don't you?"

    "Janice! What a NICE surprise! Whatever happened to your boyfriend?"

    "The asshole is passed out in the bedroom - just when I needed him
    most!"

She gazed longingly at Jade and me; I could tell she wanted it in the worst
way.  

    "I've always wanted to see the two of you in action together. When my
    friend Hal told me he wanted a sex show to spice up his party, I told
    him to look you up. I must say, your - enthusiasm - for your work is a
    REAL turn-on."

I smiled wickedly.

    "Enthusiasm? You haven't got a clue, Honey. I'll SHOW you
    `enthusiasm'!"

With that, I grabbed her silk blouse with both fists and ripped it from her
shapely body. Jade followed my lead, tearing away Janice's slim-fitting
skirt. Together, we overpowered Janice, forcing her backwards and down on
the couch. I sat on her abdomen, alternately kissing her plush lips and
sucking her breasts, while Jade ate her pussy and clit. Janice's protests
soon became screams of ecstasy as wave after wave of orgasm washed over
her. She became a woman possessed, fondling, licking, sucking each of us to
orgasms of our own. The effect of our impromptu "scene" was easy to
predict; soon the couch was a mass of writhing bodies, with Janice, Jade,
and me taking on any cock, any pussy that came our way. With a few
whispered suggestions to our host, I made sure that Janice was made to
service every man there, sometimes two or three at a time, while everyone
voiced their approval of her wicked performance.
    We didn't let it end there. I found out that her `session' with Hal had
left her submissive and very receptive to our suggestions as well. After
the party ended, we dressed her in a spare outfit I had in my tote bag -   
a silver spandex, off-the-shoulder top and a black leather mini. We made
her up whorishly, slipped her feet into a pair of five inch spike heels,
and took her out with us to work the streets. She did it, too; here was
this proper, professional lady wontonly fucking complete strangers in the
back seats of their cars and loving it. What a sight!
    Dawn was breaking when we "released" Janice to go home. She thanked us
for an "incredible evening", and made us promise that we would BOTH come to
see her at her office at 2:00 that afternoon. Jade and I made our way home
and to bed, and fell immediately into a deep, dreamless sleep.
    We slept until noon, then got dressed and went to Janice's office to
keep our appointment. Janice took Jade into her office first and kept her
there for an hour. Finally she opened the door and ushered me in. Jade was
sitting in the chair in front of Janice's desk, knocked out from hypnosis.

    "Come, sit down on the couch and get comfortable, Amber," Janice said
soothingly. I did, and gazed expectantly into her eyes.

    "ARE YOU HAVING FUN, RICHARD?"

    "I ought to be furious with you, but that wouldn't do any good, would
    it? After all, I can't move a muscle in my current condition. The fact 
    is, yes, I AM having fun. I am enjoying my life more than I ever have 
    before."

    "I am so glad, Richard, because you have also done a wonderful job for
    me. I told you at the beginning of all this that I was worried about
    what your crass behavior had done to Jade. I knew that she would not
    come back here on her own, and that she would not trust anyone she knew
    from the clinic. I had to find someone else to bring her in, someone
    like herself who could get close to her and earn her trust. I needed a
    `Gemini', a twin of Jade, with whom she could identify. It seemed only
    fitting that since you were the cause of all this trouble, you should
    also be the solution, so I transformed you into a lascivious little
    slut, trained you in all the `proper' techniques, and instructed you
    through hypnosis to find Jade, get close to her, and convince her to
    come back here. She and I have just had a long `chat', and it seems you 
    have done even better than that. She loves you, or rather, she loves
    Amber. She brought me `up to speed' on what really happened with her
    parents. She told me that you have given her the trust and caring that
    she never had before. She feels good about herself, and says you are
    the reason why. I suggested that she didn't need to hook anymore, and
    she said that you made her feel `sexy', and that this was something
    intimate the two of you shared. I wouldn't have understood that until
    last night, but now I think I do."

    "Does that mean I can come home now, and be Richard again?"

Janice looked down at me with that same longing gaze as the night before.

    "Nooo, I don't think so. Jade still needs you very much, and Lance   
    satisfies me much more than you, Richard, ever did. To be honest, I
    LOVE you this way; you are a SUPER turn-on as a whore. No, Richard, you
    already ARE home - as Amber. But I'll tell you what - I'm going to give
    you and Jade a little `wedding present'; I am going to assign to you
    the income from the rental of your seat on the Exchange. You and Jade
    will be able to live quite comfortably on that, even if the two of you
    decide to go on hooking. Actually, I hope you do; I had a WONDERFUL
    time with you last night! Perhaps we can do it again sometime - soon, I
    hope."                                                                 

    "Oh, I think I can arrange that."

    "I'll bet you can. This will be the last time we speak, Richard. I want
    to sincerely thank you for all your help. Thanks to you, Jade is a
    whole person for the first time in her life. I, too, have learned
    things about my sexuality that I never dreamed of. And we both owe it
    all to you. I would like you to remember that - but of course you
    won't, will you? Oh, well. Good-bye, Sweetheart."

    "No, wait - Jan..."

    "CHECK YOUR MAKEUP, AMBER."

    "Oh, wow, Janice. I must have fallen asleep again! I don't know WHAT it
    is about our sessions that relaxes me so."

    "Think nothing of it, Dear. I just took the time to clean up some loose
    ends with one of my cases."

    "Gee, Jade is still out. Is she all right?"

    "She's fine, Dear. I'll wake her up a little later. I have a surprise
    for the two of you. In the meantime..."

    "DON'T YOU JUST LOVE TO FUCK, JANICE?"

She put down her notepad, took off her glasses, removed her hair combs,
and shook her head, allowing her rich, chestnut hair to swing freely.
She gazed down at me with naked lust in her eyes as she unbuttoned her
blouse.

    "...isn't it time we got re-acquainted, Amber?"

I sighed and pulled her down on me.

    "I thought you would never ask," I replied breathlessly, crushing her
lips with mine. Giggle. It worked. Thanks, Hal.                  

    Where should I begin? Jade and I bought a condo in Hal's building. We
started one of those 900 phone services, and the money is rolling in. We
are fixtures at Hal's frequent swing parties - as is Janice. She is coming
along nicely in her `therapy', thanks to Hal. It's worth all the freebies I
give him; Janice has become so much more - expressive. I personally watched
her do the ENTIRE football team. Well, maybe I helped out a little; those
studs are REALLY built! Jade and I are happy. Lance is happy. Even Janice
is happy. You don't believe me? Ask her yourself - she's down at the end of
the bar, hustling that john sitting next to her.

--
