Archive-name: Violent/genesi34.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Genesis, Chapter 34


	Yeah, the Bible... do you remember "clockwise orange", where the 
psycho starts reading it to get horny ? The beginning is already mildly 
tasteless, but the end is really amusing.

	Lonely Vicious			Support bacteria, 
					it's the only culture pc whores have.

	Genesis, chapter 34
	Dinah and the schechemites

	Now Dinah, the daughter Leah had borne to Jacob, went out to visit 
the women of the land. When Sechem son of Hamor the Hivite, the ruler of 
that area, saw her, he took her and violated her. His heart was drawn to 
Dinah daughter of Jacob, and he loved the girl and spoke tenderly to her. 
And Schechem said to his father Hamor, "Get me this girl as my wife."
	When Jacob heard that his daughter Dinah had been defiled, his sons
were in the fields with his livestock; so he kept quiet about it until they
came home.
	Then Shechem's father Hamor went out to talk with Jacob. Now Jacob's
son had come in from the fields as soon as they heard what had happened. 
They were filled with with grief and fury, because Shechem had done a 
disgraceful thing in Israel by lying with Jacob's daughter - a thing that 
should not be done.
	But Hamor said to them "My son Shechem has his heart set on your
daughter. Please give her to him as his wife; intermarry with us; give us
your daughters and take our daughters for yourselves. You can settle 
among us; the land is open to you. Live in it, trade in it, and acquire 
property in it."
	Then Shechem said to Dinah's father and brothers, "Let me find 
favor in your eyes, and I will give you whatever you ask. Make the price 
for the bride and the gift I am to bring as great as you like, and I'll 
pay whatever you ask me. Only give me the girl as my wife."
	Because her sister Dinah had been defiled, Jacob's sons replied
deceitfully as they spoke to Shechem and his father Hamor. They said to 
them, "We can't do such a thing; we can't give our sister to a man who is 
not circumcised. That would be a disgrace to us. We will give our consent 
to you on one condition only; that you become like us by circumcising all
your males. Then we will give you our daughters and take your daughters 
for ourselves. We'll settle among you and become one people with you. But
if you will not agree to be circumcised, we'll take our sister and go".
	Their proposal seemed good to Hamor and and his son Shechem. The 
young man, who was the most honored of all his father's household, lost no
time in doing what what they said, because he was delighted with Jacob's 
daughter. So Hamor and his son Shechem went to the gate of their city to
speak to their fellow townsmen. "These men are friendly towards us," they
said. "Let them live in our land and trade in it; the land has plenty of 
room for them. We can marry their daughters and they can marry ours. But 
the men will consent to live with us one people only on the condition 
that our males be circumcised, as they themselves are. Won't their 
livestock, their property and all their other animals become ours ? So let
us give our consent to them, and they will settle among us."
	All the men who went out of the city gate agreed with Hamor and 
his son Shechem, and every male in the city was circumcised.
	Three days later, while all of them were still in pain, two of 
Jacob's sons, Simeon and Levi, Dinah's brothers, took their swords and 
attacked the unsuspecting city, killing every male. They put Hamor and 
his son Shechem to the sword and took Dinah from Shechem's house and left.
The sons of Jacob came upon the dead bodies and looted the city where 
their sister had been defiled. They seized their flocks and herds and 
donkeys and everything else of theirs in the city and out in the fields.
They carried off all their wealth and all their women and children, taking
as plunder everything in the houses.
	Then Jacob said to Simeon and Levi, "You have brought trouble
on me by making me a stench to the Canaanites and Perizzites, the
people living in this land. We are few in number, and if they join
forces against me and attack me, I and my household will be destroyed."
	But they replied, "Should he have treated our sister like a
prostitute ?"	

--
