  "Here you are, sir."  The lady behind the counter slid the
roomkey across the counter.  Her smile seemed unusually genuine,
given the hundreds of people she sees on a daily basis.  I reached
out and grasped the key placing it in my pocket.  "And," she
continued, "we are happy you and your family were able to take
advantage of our offer, especially people from within our
proximity."  I had listed *our* address as a town forty miles away,
inorder to justify using a coupon cut from the local newspaper.
When she asked where my family was, I explained I'd left them at
the Natural History Museum so I could register in time to take
advantage of their discount offer.  She accepted the explanation
with an acknowledging nod.
  I was feeling good, I was going on a date with a man.  I was
feeling girlish and only wished I had a girlfriend with whom I
could confide and feel feminine.  I could tell her about my
thoughts, expectation, and concerns.
   After registering, I drove back home to get my clothes and
makeup.  Also, I reminded myself, can't forget the camera and tape
recorder for practicing.  It was almost 4:30.  I told Alex to pick
me up at 9:00 for a 9:30 movie.
   Alex.  Geez, Alex, a name that only a week ago would have
conjured vague memories of high school and our meeting at the
market three years ago.  I remember him on the basketball team.  He
wasn't very good, but one had to admire his fortitude.  We met in
U.S. History class as juniors.  I can still remember how we took
old Joe for many quarters.  Alex and I had a system when flipping
for odd-man wins where he would have heads once while I had tails
and on the next flip he would reverse as would I.  It didn't matter
what Joe had, either Alex or I would win.  To keep it "honest", we
would flip whatever we wanted on the third flip so either one of us
won, or Joe would win, or we would all have the same.  Then the
cycle started all over again.  Joe never caught on.
   In the house I rushed to gather the clothes.  I'd hung the
miniskirt, newly ironed, in the closet and placed my white silk
blouse next to it, the black-strapped heels below them.  I pulled
the Hanes out of the Mervyn's bag and put them in the suitcase.
Then, thought of snags and runs reminded me I'd forgotten to shave
my legs in the morning as planned.  I jumped to the bathroom to run
the shower.  Hot water and lots of steam.  I got into the shower
while the tub was filling.  I massaged my legs with soap and
softened the five-day stubble with the hot, steamy water.  After
turning off the shower, I sat in the tub and gingerly shaved each
leg from ankle to hipbone.
   I was finished and out of the tub by 5:30.  Maybe time to get on
Genderline, I thought.  Why not.  I had two messages; one from
Jessica and one from Joan.  They both suggested a knee-length dress
instead of the mini.  But, Rita, I thought, your legs look best in
a miniskirt, especially with those heels.  I conceded to their
advice and decided on my two-piece navy blue dress.  It goes down
to two inches above the knee, but more acceptable.  Gotta tell the
girls, I thought.  I quickly drafted two messages, got online and
uploaded.  It was 6:30.
   I arrived at the suite at 6:46.  After unloading, I wrote 122,
the room number, on a paper and placed it on the dash, visible to
the outside.  Since Alex expected to be in a staff meeting--he
worked at the local cablevision--we decided I would inform him of
the room number by this method.  He couldn't miss my car anyway, it
was such a distinctive gold with faded left fender.  It was six
years old and all mine.  I locked the door and ran into the room to
start the hot water in the bathroom sink.
   I softened my beard with continual applications of the wet, hot,
steamy towels.  The resulting shave was the closest I'd known in
months.  I was glad my legs were shaved.  I applied my makeup and
dressed with luscious care.  While applying makeup I practiced my
feminine voice and psyched myself by vocally stating "You're a
woman, Rita.  Feel like a woman, look like a woman, and act like a
woman."  In time I was beginning to feel like a woman, especially
with the transformation in the mirror as makeup was being applied.
   I unwrapped the Hanes Silk Reflections.  The girl at Mervyn's
seemed to suspect they were for me.  Of course, I may have given
her reason.  Although I can wear size B, I decided on comfort and
went with the Queen size.  I vocalized part of my thoughts on the
size.  She had nice legs herself though the flats didn't do them
justice and her makeup was too extensive on the blush.  Figured I
may as well just pay for the nylons and keep shut.  Too many
thoughts anyway.  So much to do.
   I gingerly rolled the hose in my hands and unrolled them onto
each leg.  The feel of my smooth, soft legs enticed my thoughts of
the evening.  I then stepped into my white-strapped 3 inch heels
and looked in the mirror.  I adjusted the bra slightly admiring my
reflection as I turned.  I love the white-strapped heels but mostly
with suntan nylons.  The Barely There shade looked good,
nonetheless.  After I slipped into the dress, I started the camera
and practiced walking, still talking about my femininity and being
a woman.  After viewing myself by the television in the room--I
used the videocam as a VCR--I adjusted my wig somewhat and
strategically placed three bobbypins.  Then, I viewed the tape
again, thanking Joan and Jessica for their advice.  I looked good
in the dress that evening.
   Alex was always in my thoughts as I prepared for the date.  What
were his motives?  What did he think might be my motives?  We
talked three times on the phone since Saturday night.  The first
time when he asked me out.  The second time when I said yes and we
decided on Wednesday instead of Thursday and that very morning when
final plans were made.  I knew Alex was a gentlemen, he
demonstrated that on Saturday night.  I knew he was a nice guy,
very sensitive to the employees needs at work and quite loyal to
MaryAnn, his ex-wife.  Unfortunatly for their marraige, Maryann
wasn't especially loyal to Alex.  And I thought, What if he kissed
me?  When I was kissed by a man five years ago, it was a pleasant
enough experience that lasted maybe five seconds.  Then I thought,
What if he didn't kiss me?  Ah, Rita, would your ego take it?
   A knock on the door.  It was Alex, at 8:55.
   "Hi," I said as I opened the door for him.  He wore a crisp gray
tweed sportcoat, gray pants, white open-collared shirt, and black
smartly-shined boots.  He looked super.  He had on maybe a little
too much cologne.
   "Hi.  Ready?"  Then he stopped and looked at me from head to
toe.  "Hey, you look better than Saturday night.  You done outdid
yourself, Rita."  Outdid myself?  Well, Shakespeare he's not, but
genuine he seems.
   "Thanks, Al.  You look quite handsome yourself, my friend.  I
love that coat."  I then reached around for my clutch and placed
the key inside.  "Shall we go?"
   We didn't say a word as we walked to his car, a Thunderbird.  It
was probably jitters for both of us.  My feminine sway seemed to
become natural and I felt good.  I listened to click of the heels
on the pavement and feel of the nylons as my legs brushed with each
step.  Three ladies passed and smiled at both of us.  It was dark
which surprised me at first since it was quite light when I walked
into the room.
   One preconception I established during the day was if Alex
opened the door for me that illustrated that he viewed me as a
woman and felt as such.  As we approached the car, I briefly
scolded myself for the preconception, because I might be
disappointed.  I wasn't.  Alex opened the door.  As I started to
enter the car, I remembered an article I read in a woman's magazine
which suggested that when a woman enters the car with the man
holding the door, she must keep cognizant that when she swings her
legs into the car, they aren't in thier best physical form so she
must distract his look from her legs at that time.  I tried to but
Alex didn't seem be paying attention anyway.
   We pulled onto the street.  I decided to ask what could be
perceived as the question not to ask.
   "Alex, I'd just like to know why you asked me out."  I looked at
him and touched his arm to tell him I was quite interested in his
answer.
   He thought for a moment and then smiled.
   "Well, Rita, there's really two parts for my reasons.  The first
part is I really liked talking to you last Saturday.  In a way, I
wanted to continue, but I knew how you were feeling sort of
uncomfortable."  He paused for a moment.  "And the second part I'd
like to tell you after the movie when we have more time.  I think
you'll be interested."  I thought about his motive for putting off
the second part and then really scolded myself.  The hell with
motives, Rita, I thought, just enjoy yourself.
   I reached out and squeezed his hand.  "Okay, you've got me
curious already."
   "But you gotta wait.  Now my turn.  Why did you accept?"
   "I knew you'd ask so I got a canned reply."
   "Canned?"  His eyes widened.
   I laughed.  "Yes, canned.  In other words, I prepared a message.
I've spent a lot of time going out by myself and always wanted
someone to accompany me, preferrably a man.  A man like you,
dearest."  I gave him an alluring look and smile.  He laughed.
"Actually, I was accompanied by a man once, but it wasn't like a
date.  And, really, Al, I dress to feel feminine and to go on a
date enhances my feeling of femininity."
   "I'm glad," he said.  "I'm really glad because that tells much
about you."  Whatever he meant by that.
   We talked about his meeting that afternoon and in such a short
time we arrived at the parking lot.  Alex opened the door.
   The lady at the window mechanically exchanged Alex's money for
two tickets.  We walked into the lobby and over to a corner by a
movie poster.  There were a few other people in the lobby; two
couples, one man reading a paperback, and two girls engaged in a
lively conversation.  Though I felt comfortable, I also felt
cautious and kept an eye out to see if I'd be read.  Alex mentioned
a review he'd read on SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, the movie we were to
see.  I mentioned some things I'd heard at work.  A young couple
entered the lobby.  The girl was wearing a red leather miniskirt
with red fishnet hose and red mid-heel pumps.  She looked quite
gorgeous.  Most every eye turned to her, though briefly.  Then I
was glad I had followed advice and selected the two-piece.  I could
just imagine the attention I would have gotten with my black
miniskirt.  I was satisfied without the attention and satisfied
with Al's company and our conversation.
   At this moment, I'm sure I was read.  Alex reached behind me to
get some literature and in the process nudged my wig pulling it
back an inch or two.  I panicked and quickly readjusted it while I
turned to look at myself in the window by the poster.  I smiled at
Alex as he apologized.  When I looked to the crowd to determine if
anyone noticed, only the girl with the red skirt looked at me oddly
and smiled.  During the next few moments I caught her taking quick
glances to inspect me.  I told Alex.
   "You know what, Rita?"  He said as he gently grasped my chin
turning my face toward his eyes.  "I thought about your mini-
paranoia since Saturday night and I really don't think anybody
really cares as long as you're not outward or overly done about it.
They probably think it's funny at first, if they recognize you,
then they'll think So What? and stop there.  Hey, as long as you
don't slap them in the face with it.  Don't flaunt it by saying hey
this is me in a dress, and you don't.  This isn't twenty or even
ten years ago.  Know what I mean?"
   Yes, I did.  I remember the advice on Genderline and when Alex
said what he did it was reinforced.  I felt justifiably scolded.  I
didn't say a word but just hugged him around the waist and pressed
my cheek against his shoulder, careful not to smudge his coat with
makeup--he looked so sexy in that coat.  The ropes were dropped and
we walked to surrender our tickets.  I kept my arms around Alex's
waist, feeling quite feminine.  The man took our tickets without a
second glance.  Alex and I decided we would share popcorn and I
would take a sip or two from his drink--to minimize trips to the
restroom.
   I sat in the theatre while Alex got the popcorn.  While I sat
waiting for Al, the girl with the red mini passed in front of me,
looked at me and said "He's cute."  Her words seemed to tell me I
was read but it was all right.
   I didn't tell Alex.  The movie started by the time he arrived
with the popcorn.  Besides, I doubt if I would have told him
otherwise.  It was something between us girls.  I quickly glanced
down at her.  She was quite gorgeous sitting with her legs crossed.
The only thing I thought was where I could get some fishnet
stockings.
   The movie was good.  I actually never felt Jodie Foster was
that great an actress but was impressed with her job in LAMBS.
About halfway through the movie, Alex placed his hand above mine on
top of my lap.  Throughout the rest of the movie I gently stroked
the top of his hand with my fingers.
   By 11:40 it was over and we exited the theatre.  We talked about
the movie as did everyone else.  No one paid attention to us other
than standard looks.  We stopped at a bar on the way to the parking
lot.  There were only five people, three men at the bar and a
couple in a booth.  The men turned to look at us and the bartender
said, "we close in fifteen minutes, folks."
   "Okay, thanks."  Alex said.  We turned and left the bar and
while we walked back to the car we pondered where to go.  Then I
recalled there were two complimentary miniatures, bourbon and
vodka, and suggested we go back to the suite.  It was cheaper, more
private, and "besides," I told him, "you have a second part of your
reason you've yet to mention."  With his arm around me, hand tucked
my right shoulder, he gave me slight squeeze.  We walked the half
block to the parking lot without a word and holding hands.  This
time when Alex let me in the car he looked at my legs and I
couldn't distract him.  In a way, I didn't want to.  As he walked
around the car I unlocked his side.  I felt good and contented.  I
looked as he opened the door.  Alex, I thought, please kiss me,
take me into your arms and kiss me, I'm feeling so feminine.  Once
he got into the car, he quickly started it and in a second we were
on our way out of the lot.  The ride back to the suite was
uneventful with small talk.
   My first action upon entering the suite was to go to the
bathroom.  I sat down rather than stand up, it kept me psyched.
   While I was in the bathroom, Alex bought a coke and while I
prepared two drinks splitting the bourbon, he used the bathroom.
Then we sat on the couch.  Alex sat on the end and I sat in the
middle, slightly closer to Alex's side, and turned to my left with
my legs folded.  I extended my right leg and looked at a scuffmark
on the heel.
   "Like my shoes?" I asked him. "They're five years old."
   "Five, no kidding?"
   We paused to sip our drinks.
   "You know, Alex, this evening has been so nice.  So nice."
   "Yeah," he said with a slight glint in his eyes, "it's been like
that with me too."
   "Okay, now what about that second reason."  I was so curious and
I didn't mean to seem overly anxious, but I needed to know.
   "Oh yeah.  Well, let me see."  He put his drink on the table and
looked at me somewhat seriously.  "First I want to say, Rita, I
feel I'm taking advantage of you.  I think I'm being selfish in a
way by using you for this date."  My widened eyes strongly
suggested he needed to clarify his statement.  "I mean I've always
wondered about transvestites, or crossdressers like you've told me.
And when I saw you Saturday it was almost like here was a chance to
really learn about it.  No, before you ask, I don't want to dress.
I couldn't look as good as you anyway."  His confession, if you
will, took me by surprise.  I didn't know how to respond to his
feeling of selfishness.  I decided the best response was no
response.
   "You remember Maryann, my ex." I did.  Like Alex, she attended
school with me though she was a year behind.  "And you remember her
younger brother, Gerald?"  Again, I did.  He was two years younger.
"Well, believe it or not, Gerald is like you, he wears women's
clothes."
   "Gerald?"  I was astounded.  "But, he played football."  I
caught myself.  What a dumb response, so what if he played
football.  I, myself, knew that you can't and shouldn't stereotype
crossdressers.  "I'm sorry, I didn't mean that.  What a stupid
remark."
   "Don't worry, I thought the same thing, at first."  He continued
telling me how Gerald, or Geri as he preferred, wore Maryann's
clothes since Geri was seven.  Maryann had caught him when he was
ten years old and though she was mad at first she let him and even
helped him and continued to do so even into Alex and Maryann's
marraige.  Alex found out when he arrived home from work.  Geri and
Maryann decided he should know and Geri was dressed and sitting in
the living room with Maryann when Alex got home.  When Alex
realized who it was he got mad.  "I didn't get mad from within,
Rita," he said, "I got mad because I thought it was something macho
I should do."  He regretted it, he admitted.  He told Geri to leave
his house and though his attitude changed within a week, his
relationship with Gerald changed and wasn't the same for almost
five years.  Alex remorsefully asked Gerald to his house as Geri
but not until Maryann convinced Gerald was he able to accept Alex's
offer.  The relationship remained somewhat strained since.  Within
three months after Geri went to Alex's house, Maryann applied for
divorce for reasons not related to the incident.
   "Rita, to tell you the truth, I was drawn a little to Geri.
Probably because she looked a lot like Maryann and you know Maryann
is a very pretty lady.  But, anyway, I sort of regretted my not
necessary response to Gerald.  When I saw you from the library last
Saturday, my first memory was of Geri and my curiosity made me
follow you.  After our talk at the bar, I thought about you most of
the next two days and thought I would really like to talk to you
and see a little more of you.  So, like a guy on his first date, I
was nervous when I first called you to ask you.  Then was happy
when you called back to say yes."
   Alex placed his left hand on my right thigh just above the knee.
I'd already had my feet on top of coffee table and crossed at the
ankles.  I was still turned toward Alex and when he placed his hand
on my leg, I gently massaged each of his fingers.  While doing that
I mentioned how I had started dressing.  In about five minutes, out
of pure impulse I looked up at him and asked, "Do you think I'm
pretty?"
   "Yes, I do, Rita.  In many, many ways."  As he said that he
placed his arms around me and gently pulled me toward him.  Our
lips touched, receded slightly and touched again as if we were
playing a form of tag though our lips were but minor millimeters
away.  He grasped me firmly in his arms.  Then our sightly parted
lips met and he kissed me completely.  His lips were soft and warm.
My lips opened as his tongue entered my mouth.  My arms reached
around his back and I caressed his massive shoulders.  He pulled me
tighter and our kiss deepened.  I was absorbed by the excitement of
my senses, I was being kissed in a way I only dreamed of.  I felt a
high sense of femininity as I submitted to his caresses.  Alex then
began to kiss my cheek and neck.  I was initially taken back by the
sandpaper growth of his beard but quickly accepted it and returned
my thoughts to his kisses and caresses.  My hands explored his
masculine shoulders and waist.  As Alex kissed me on the mouth
again, I unbuttoned his shirt opening it and putting my arms around
him underneath the shirt.  The hair on his chest extended a little
to his shoulders and when his tongue began to explore my neck, I
nibbled on his shoulders.  His left hand was caressing my thigh,
stroking my leg down to my ankle.  In a second, he had my skirt off
while I took off his shirt.  When his attention returned to french-
kissing me he pressed me slowly down till I was lying on the couch
and he was on top of me with hands exploring my legs and caressing
my breasts.
   "Tell me what to do, honey."  He whispered as his lips touched
my ear.
   "Hmm, you're doing well, darling, don't worry."   And he was.  I
didn't care about events and incidents outside the suite door
during those moments.  My world was in that room and on that couch
at that moment.
   I loosened his belt and unzipped his pants and when I put my
hand in his shorts, I was slightly taken back with the touch of his
erection.  I had never touched anyone else's penis before and it
seemed strange to touch one, especially one as hard as his was.  It
was also very wet.  I stroked it slightly.
   "Oh, Rita, that feels good."
   I continued and when our kisses become more intense I suggested
we go to the bed.  As we walked there, I held his waist. He took
off my top and bra and I stood beside the bed wearing only nylons
and heels.  Alex kissed me some more and then I sat him on the bed
and pulled his boots and pants off.  When he stood up he removed
his socks and I took off his shorts exposing his quite rigid and
very hard cock.  He moaned as I touched his testicles and cock.  He
then laid me on the bed, took off my high heels and removed the
nylons.  As he removed the nylons he kissed each leg.  I was in
ecstasy as his soft lips and wet, warm tongue glided up and down
each leg.  I was glad I shaved them when I did because I knew they
were smooth and soft.
   Then Alex climbed into the bed carefully laying on top of me and
began to kiss me again, only with more intensity.  He wasn't heavy
but I could feel his erection against my thigh.  Our kisses
intensified as our tongues fervently searched each other's mouths
and our hands continued to explore each other's bodies.  I lifted
my right leg and rubbed Alex's hip.  His left hand then reached
down between my legs and he deftly inserted his finger inside me.
My body tightened in reflex but soon relaxed as Alex's finger began
to pull in and out of me.  Then he pulled his hand back and got on
top of me swiveling his hips in a lovemaking motion.  I spread my
legs and responded with similar action.
   "Oh, my darling, I want you."  I reached over to the table and
pulled out a condom from the drawer and gave it to Alex.  He smiled
at me and put the condom on without an inquiring word.  While he
put the condom on I quickly put some lotion on my finger and
reached around to lubricate myself.  I placed a pillow under my
hips and raised my open legs as an invitation to Alex to enter me.
I extended my slightly shaking arms.  My breath quivered as well
from anxious anticipation as I knew I was to become a complete
woman, complete in the way I wanted and with a man I cared for.  I
knew I had to pay for the completeness I so yearned for and I had
to pay with pain from his penetration.  He recognized my
nervousness and pressed his hand against my cheek and prepared to
enter.  I closed my eyes as my arms encircled him around the chest.
He lowered himself onto me and began to kiss me softly.  As his
tongue began to part my lips, his penetration started slowly.  It
was slightly painful at first and I immediately wanted him to stop
as he entered me.  But, instead, my mouth opened wider to accept
his kiss and I wrapped my legs around his hips and firmly helped
him along.  I rocked my head slowly as we made love.  I remember
wishing at times for him to finish quickly so we could have it
over with.  But other times, between moans, I called out for more
of him.  I heard our bodies slap in rhythm and the bed respond with
its own expression of our passion.  Minutes were hours and hours
were minutes for me during those moments.  Then he stopped and his
breathing grew faster and heavier and I knew my wish was granted
and was almost disappointed, especially since I didn't experience
an orgasm but felt contented still.  I continued to hold him with
my arms and kept my legs on his hips.  I gave myself to him and was
his.
   We remained in that position for what was probably the best part
of five minutes.  I caressed his back and soon his breath returned
to normal.
   "Rita, are you okay?"
   "Yes, I'm okay."  I cooed and kissed his ear.
   "Did you, uh, make it, honey?"
   "No, darling, but my orgasm started when you first kissed me."
   "What time is it?"  I looked at the travel clock I had on the
table.
   "2:21,"  I told him.  "Let's change positions."   When he got
off of me I turned to my left side and he lay down behind me and
placed his arm around me.  I held his hand by my chest.  We were
asleep within three ticks of the clock.  At least, I was.
   When I woke, the clock read 6:47.  Almost four-and-a-half hours
went by in an instant.  Alex was still behind me with arm around
me.  I could feel his body beside me, especially his hips leaning
against mine.  We hadn't budged a millimeter.
   My feelings about the evening before began to unreel.  The
realization that I'd had sex with a man with me as a woman began to
sink in.  The memory of the session excited me and yet still
created a slight pang of guilt.  Guilt for what, Rita? I asked
myself.  You didn't cheat on anyone and certainly didn't prostitute
yourself.  You and Alex are two adults, adults who know what you
want and are willing to take the bold steps to get it.  Most
important, both of you took precautions.  Right?  Right, I
answered.  I reminded myself that though not everyone experiences
the type of sex I experienced, not everyone crossdresses either.
I began to feel better with myself.  I wondered about the girl in
the red miniskirt and if she was at that very moment with her man
and if she had a luscious time as a woman as I had.  I thought
about the movie, Gerald, and Alex.  Ah, yes, Alex.  I wondered if I
was in love with him.  No, I wasn't.  Was that because I didn't
want to feel like a homosexual.  No, Rita, whether you are
homosexual, bisexual, transsexual, or whatever is not really
relevant.  What matters is what you feel about Alex.  I loved him
but was not in love with him.  I loved him like I loved my friends
but because we made love, he was closer to me than most friends.
Does that make sense?
   Then I asked myself if I was homosexual, bisexual, or what.  I
thought of whether I was physically attracted to Alex.  I wasn't.
For that matter, I really wasn't physically attracted to any man.
Then why did I enjoy having a man's erect penis inside me and have
him kiss me and prefer that he kiss me gently?  It made me more
complete as a woman.  If I want to portray myself as a woman with
yearning to pass as one rather than put on a miniskirt and heels
and walk in front of people saying "Hey, look, I'm a man in drag",
then that means I want to convey and feel my feminine side.  I have
the best of both worlds though women can wear heels one moment and
boots the next without someone having a second thought.  So, I
loved Alex but was not in love with him.  So, then, what do I do
now.  Continue to date Alex?  Or, play by ear with each day?  Play
it by ear, Rita.
   I looked at the clock.  Damn, 7:15.  Work starts in 45 minutes
but not for me.  I took the day off.  You're quite foresighted,
Rita.  I wondered about Alex.  I wanted to reach around and touch
him and caress his waist and groin.  I kissed his hand instead.
   "You awake, Rita."
   "Yeah, for quite awhile.  And you?"
   "About fifteen minutes.  Just been thinking about last night."
   "Second thoughts?  Regrets?"
   "Naw.  Why, do you?  I mean, it's a little different to be the
recipient than the doer, if you know what I mean"
   "No regrets at all, darling.  Matter of fact, I wanted to reach
around and touch you."
   "Oooo, that would give me a real hard-on."
   "Real one?  You mean, last night's was a fake one"  We laughed
and he kissed the back of my neck.  "Besides, what's wrong with a
hard on?"  With that I reached around and touched his waist and
reached down his groin until I touched his penis.  He was right,
it began to grow almost instantly.  He began to kiss my neck,
shoulders, and ear.  I closed my eyes and savored his kisses while
his cock grew in my hand.  His breath quickened as did mine.
I reached for a condom again and lubricated myself.  I wondered
what genuine rear entry would feel like and gasped as he entered
me, he felt larger.  I moved my hips to meet his penetration.  I
closed my eyes and kissed his hand and told him "Love me, Alex,
love me good."  I wanted him to be gentle but I also wanted him to
be deliberate and decisive.  He was.  I kept my eyes closed,
rocking my head slowly and he placed his cheek beside my ear.  His
hard breathing affected me and my moans became more audible.  For
the first time he whispered in my ear.
   "What do you feel, honey"
   "I feel you, darling.  I feel you moving inside me."  Then I
verbally expressed the feeling of his manliness.
   "You feel tight, so tight.  And warm, so warm,"  he told me.
   I reached down and grasped my erection and began to masterbate.
Then decided to wait for Alex.
   "Tell me when you're close, darling so we can make it"
   After that he pumped faster and longer.  I think I could have
achieved orgasm at that moment without masterbating.  It seemed
more so when I raised my leg.  But, I waited and when he told me he
was close, I started to masterbate.  He caressed my thigh and
stopped with a final lunge.  His breathing told me he was
ejaculating.  In a few seconds so was I.  I'd heard having anal
intercourse can cause the receiver to experience enormous
ejaculation.  That's true, so true.
   There was a knock on the door.  I looked up at the clock as the
maid opened the door.
   "Maid coming," she said.  "Anyone here?"  It was 10:22!
   "Uh, yes, someone's here."  I yelled in a most unfeminine voice.
   "Alex, Alex, wake up, it's past ten!"  I pushed at him as the
maid apologized and closed the door.
   "What?  Passed ten!  I'm late."  He jumped out of bed and was
quickly putting on his boots and pants.  He looked at me.
   "Aren't you going to get...Oh, wow."  He was looking at my face.
I knew the makeup was likely messed up but his voice indicated it
was much worse than that.
   "What?"
   "Uh, your face.  It's red on your right, no left, side."
   I jumped out and ran to the bathroom.  He was right, the left
side of my face was red.  Only slightly though, not as bad as Alex
made it seem.
   "I think it's from my beard.  Sorry"
   "That's alright.  I'm not going to work today anyway.  But you
are, I see."
   "I thought about taking the day off but couldn't.  Too much to
do and a couple of guys are at training."
   Alex got up and gave me quick kiss while he put on his coat.
   "Rita, I. . "  I put my hand on his lips.  We'd said enough in
many ways and he knew what I meant.
   "Okay, talk to you later."  He opened the door and walked out.
   "The lady will be out soon," I heard him tell the maid.
   No, Alex, I wanted to shower and dress in male clothing, going
home as a man was preferable in daylight.  I shrugged and in
fifteen minutes I was dressed and had the car loaded with my camera
and suitcase.  As I closed the door, I saw two maids exit from the
next suite.  One I recognized as the maid with the wake-up call and
the other one, to my astonishment, was a former apartment neighbor
of mine from four years passed.  They looked and seemed to giggle
as I walked to my car.  My car's paintjob was four years old so I
felt assured she didn't recognize me.  My makeup repair job was
better than I thought.  I got home without further incident.
   My thoughts since that evening have been mixed.  Some guilt
returns but I was prepared for anything that evening so the guilt
is minimal.  Actually, the thoughts of the date during that
following day were quite acute but as each day passes the thoughts
are pushed aside as I return to a normal routine with acceptance of
my feelings.
   Alex hasn't called and neither have I called him.  I think he
probably feels a need for some time to himself to absorb feelings
and emotions.  I have.

                                END
