
Subject: New MomLover- GenGash (m/F/F, Inc, Con, Mom/Son/Grandma) pt1





Generation Gash

I'm not quite sure how to begin this story.  I could just start
from the top and guide you through the events, filling in details
as they occur, or I could give all the background first, and
relate the current events second.  The first way would start off
hot and heavy, but drag in places, and the other way would start
off slow, but there wouldn't be many interruptions in the action.
Which is better?  I don't know, but I think I'll try the second
method.  If you don't like it, hey - you get what you pay
for....and you can also re-arrange the story to your hearts
content.  Just remember that I wrote it.  So, let me begin with
the history of my immediate family.

Actually, all my family consists of me, my Mom, and my
Grandmother.  We are all 15 years apart in age, but quite close
in spirit.  My Grandmother is French by heritage, her parents
came to the US before she was born.  Catherine is her name, and
when she was 6, her parents, my great-grandparents dies, leaving
her in an orphanage.  At age 15, she met, was seduced by, and
eventually abandoned by a Chinese sailor in town.  Of course,
since this was her first affair ever, she became pregnant.

A wealthy family took pity on her and hired her as their maid,
raising her daughter as if it were their own foster child.  My
Grandmother worked diligently, befriending her employers (in
more ways than one, I found out later - they must have had some
pretty wild parties, orgies, 4-somes, more-somes, and everything
else in between, I later learned), becoming one of the family.

She was so close to them, that when they died, childless, 10
years later, their entire fortune was left to her and her
daughter (my Mother).

Mom was a spoiled child, raised in an era of rampant sexuality.
As a child, she must have witnessed numerous sex acts in the
hedonistic household, but she managed to retain her purity until
she, too, was fifteen.  Following in family tradition, she had a
fling with an older businessman, whom she met at the library, and
never saw him again.  The result, of course, was/is me.

Mom and Grandma raised me in their mansionish house, but I never
was spoiled.  They were strict, but loving, and although I had
access to anything I wanted, I still had to earn my privileges.

The story begins soon after I turned 15, Mom was 30, and Grandma
was 45.

And a young 45 at that.  Grandma Catherine was a voluptuous
woman, in the sensual meaning of the word.  Although she hadn't
any accent, she looked very French.

Her hair is supposed to be blond, almost platinum, but she dies
it at her whim, which is often.  I've seen her with brown hair,
black, flaming red, but my favorite, next to natural is auburn.
But today, she is blond, with a few dark strands that really
stand out when she...her hair is wet.  Grandma loves to have her
hair down, and it usually is to her shoulders on the sides and
the middle of her back in the, well, back.  She has taken to
wearing it teased out on the sides, flaring to almost her
shoulders, then it curls back to meld with the flowing softness
down her back.  May times I have run my fingers through her hair,
braiding it, smelling it, but life didn't begin until I felt her
drag her hair over my naked body, letting the soft ends caress
their way down from my shoulders, over my nipples, across my
stomach, and around my cock.  And when she took my hardness in
her hand, still wrapped with her hair, I came right then....but
that is a later story.

Grandma Catherine's face was soft and quite feminine, but at
times, her looks would stop a charging bull.  Her eyebrows rose
softly from above her nose and peaked in the middle over her
eyes, then swept back.  The hair was soft to my lips, just a
slight tickle.  Her eyes were full of emotion, often lust once I
learned to read them, and she kept many colored contacts around
for variety, but her favorites were soft, deep, brown.  Small
nose which flared out while I kissed her neck, and delicate lips
finished her features.

Her lips looked wide, but when kissed or licked, they seemed
thinner, and watching them bob on my cock was a dream.  Grandma's
face was mostly round, a contrast to Moms, most evident when they
were kissing.

Grandma Catherine had a longish neck, and a few wrinkles started
appearing, but this skin was soft and smooth.  Grandma said the
wrinkles were better for catching my cum, at least she claimed
one day while I was rubbing my cock between her breasts, and she
guided my cum to her chin and neck, rubbing the fluid in and
around.

Her breasts were by no means large, but they were pert, or at
least were, but now sagged just a touch, enough to press around
my cock as I straddled her, and her nipples were still quite
firm.  They hardened to little points in my mouth, and their
small size contrasted with Mom's when their nipples were rubbed
together. 

Grandma Catherine still had quite a trim figure.  Her waist and
stomach were smooth and not at all flabby.  The led straight down
into hips made for my hands to grasp...especially when my face
was buried between her legs.  And there lie heaven.  It is
between her legs that I know her true hair color, but along with
her platinum blond top hair, the hair here was starting to grey -
just a bit.  Lower, the signs of age started on her thighs.  Soft
and just a touch mushy, they filled my hands flowed between my
fingers.  Sometimes, when she and Mom were both on their periods,
she would oil her thighs and have my run my cock between them.
Mom would alternate rimming Grandma's behind and sucking the tip
of my cock.

Grandma's legs were long with slim calves, and her pert feet
ended what I would consider one of the top two most beautiful
bodies in the world...the other is Mom's.


My Mom, at 30, still held onto her youthful attitudes, and her
body kept most of her younger form, although I must admit she
aged differently than Grandma...not better or worse, just
differently.

As I said before, Mom is half French, half Chinese, but it is the
second part that shows most clearly.  Mom's hair is jet-black,
and hangs straight to just below her shoulders.  Her face is a
little rounder, and just a touch more fleshed out than Grandma's,
and of course her features are Asian.  When I look down and see
Mom and Grandma french kissing around my cock, I can see
resemblances, but they are each attractive in their own ways.

Mom's body is smaller than Grandma's, but her breasts are a
little larger, and as I said before, her nipples are darker, and
her aureole is larger.  When I have both of their breasts in my
hands, even blindfolded, I can tell them apart. 

Mom's stomach has spread a little with the years, she could, if
she desired, lose a few pounds, but I love to squeeze her flesh,
and when she lies back and lets me tit-fuck her, I often rub
myself off on her stomach, filling her belly-button with cum,
which Grandma dives into and licks clean.  Mom's ass is also
plumper than Grandma's, and when they bend over next to each
other and let me take turns with each thrust, hers is the ass
that sounds the loudest when I smack my hand against it.

I'm getting a little too horny to continue, so I'll finish off
with Mom's legs and her quite petite feet being the object of
much of my desire....ever see a woman suck your cum from between
another woman's feet?  It will certainly get you all hard again
in moments.

Well, enough of that...what I need to tell now, is how we went
from what I though was a fairly restrained household into one of
wanton lust.  It started the week I turned 15.

I came home from school at my normal time, expecting to see
Grandma puttering in the garden, and Mom working in her craft
room - where she did sewing, painting, whatever interest consumed
her at the moment.  It was early spring, the weather was warming
nicely, and the day seemed normal as any other.

I entered the house and nobody was in sight.  Poking my head in
various rooms on the first floor revealed an empty house.  I
shrugged, figuring they went to a new exhibit at the museum or
something headed to my room.

My room was on the third floor - mostly attic.  I had about half
of the floor space converted into a great room.  Of course, I had
to pull the staircase down from the ceiling of the second floor
to get in, but I always knew when someone was coming into my
room.  Which at my age was great to know.  I had a few magazines,
and some soft underthings I had nicked from the laundry basket-
all the things a growing boy needed.

Anyway, I turned at the second floor landing and headed for the
hall with my stairs.  To get there, I had to pass Grandma's room
at the beginning of the hall, leading off to the left, and Mom's
room, halfway down the hall, leading off to the right.  Many
nights I had tiptoed past their rooms after watching a late-
night-erotic movie on cable.  I knew the squeaky boards and how
to avoid them.  I needn't have worried.

Grandma's door was open a little, and noises were being emitted
from inside.  I know, you are probably thinking that this is the
most cliched way for these stories to begin, but they have to
begin somehow.

I opened the door a little more, and what I saw made my drop my
jaw, and my zipper.  Mom was lying on her back, legs spread over
the edge of the bed, and kneeling before her, on her knees, was
Grandma, face buried in pussy.  I quickly shut the door a little,
just enough to see, and reached into my pocket. 

As a horny young man, I had cut out the bottom of my pocket for
quick access into my briefs.  A few teachers and girls at school
had proved this little trick useful.  At the beginning, Mom or
Grandma would sew the hole, but I think after a while, they
understood and let them just be.

My hand found my hardening tool and grasped firmly as they seemed
about ready to change positions.  Mom and Grandma, both usually
talkative, were strangely quiet, as if they knew how words would
take the mood.

Mom raised her knees and with her soles against the footboard of
the bed, she pushed herself up the bed.  Grandma's mouth latched
onto her toes and sucked.   Mom finished her glide up the bed and
while her toes were begin sucked, she started to finger herself.
One hand spread her pussy lips apart, and Grandma smiles as she
saw the view.  Grandma made a show of running her tongue around
Mom's toes, in and between them.  Not to be outdone, Mom slowly
inserted a finger into herself, tip, knuckle, all the way to the
base.  Slowly she drew it out and brought to her lips.  Her eyes
showed her own Mom that she could be tasting this, and as she
slipped it into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it,
Grandma released Mom's toes and sat next to her on the bed.

She slid a tongue into Mom's mouth, helping her to lick clean the
finger.  Next, two hands slid down Mom's body, over her breasts,
stomach, and to her pussy.  Mom's curly black hair was matted
down from Grandma's earlier tongueing, and each slid a finger
inside.  Grandma brought hers out and rubbed it onto Moms left
nipple, while Mom ran her finger around her Mother's parted lips.
Grandma took the finger and used it to rub more juice into the
nipple.

Grandma started at the base of Mom's breast and ran her tongue in
large, laze circles around the breasts.  The circles became
smaller and smaller until her tongue was flicking back and forth
over her daughter's nipple.  Soon, the tongue slowed as Grandma
lowered her whole mouth over Mom's breast and sucked.  Mom rolled
her eyes and pressed her hips into Grandma's hand, which had
reinserted itself into Mom's pussy.

I was hardly able to hold off; I had given up rubbing myself and
was just holding tightly.

Grandma lifter her head from Mom's breast and opened the bottom
drawer of her bed stand.  She took out what looked like a dildo
(I'd seen advertisements in the girlie magazines), and then
another, and it was a moment before I realized that it was one
dildo with two heads, and a base in between.  Next, she removed a
tube of something, spread it onto her fingers and then up and
down one end of the dildo.  I guessed that it was some sort of
lubrication....I always was a pretty bright kid.

What she did next cause me to shoot my cum into my trousers,
before she even got very far.

The dildo was fairly slim...it looked even smaller around than
me.  She reached one hand down and spread Mom's pussy lips apart.
Then she started to slide the greased end into Mom.  That's when
I came, covering my hand and crotch with hot slime.  I thought
about leaving, but decided to see what was going to happen, as if
I couldn't have guessed.

Grandma slowly worked the dildo into Mom back and forth, up and
down.  Mom's eyes were closed, but the look of pleasure upon her
face was remarkable.  It took a few minutes for her Mom to work
the device all the way into her own daughter's pussy, but soon it
was in up to the base.  Next, without any lubrication, Grandma
squatted over Mom, and in one quick drop, she impaled herself on
the other end of the dildo.

The way the color rose into her face and breasts, it must have
been quite a rush.  I thought she was going to stay squatted on
Mom, but she pushed her legs down and was soon laying on top of
Mom.  Now I knew why it looked like to dildoes at first, the base
was flexible.

Mom's hands grasped Grandma's ass and pulled her in tight.  then
they started thrusting their hips together and apart, deeply
kissing all the while.  At this point, I realized that however
erotic it was, I was spying on a very private moment...that and I
was afraid the at any moment one or the other would gaze toward
the door.  I slowly closed the door and headed to my room to
clean myself.

Nothing was said be me, nor by either of them, so I guess I had
escaped unseen.

That was Wednesday.  By Saturday, the only thing I ever jacked-
off to was the mental image of Mom and Grandma together.  I kept
plotting fantasies in my head of how to catch them, and I wished
more and more that I had just pushed the door all the way open
and joined them.  And, thinking back, events throughout my life
that had seemed normal had taken on new light...their closeness,
times alone, I began to think that this had been going on longer
than I was even alive.

Anyhow, Saturday morning I came down to breakfast.  Mom was
dressed up for a day of flea-marketing.  She loved indoor flea
markets and would spend from morning until evening browsing for
antiques and neat things.  I expected not to see her for the
entire day. 

Grandma was dressed to the nines.  She was wearing a full length
dress, zipped up the back, tasteful black pumps, and some sort of
black stockings, since her red-painted toes were covered in
darkness.  Her makeup was exquisite, she looked drop-dead
gorgeous.  I'd seen her this way many times before, she loved the
social life, but this morning it was as if a new light had
shined, and I knew whose image was going to be in my mind for my
mid-morning masturbation.

"Who's coming to breakfast?  The French Ambassador?" I asked,
giving a whistle to add effect.

Grandma had the decency to attempt a blush, "Nope, you wolf.
Just a new exhibit at the gallery.  And, young man, if you had an
ounce of taste, you would join me."

"Don't worry about him, Mom," my Mom replied, "his taste is all
in his mouth."

The conversation degraded from their, and between kind insults
and laughing, we managed to finish breakfast.

Mom kissed us both softly on the lips, then exited for the day.

Grandma asked me to reconsider going with her, but I still
declined, and after the dishes were put up, she left.

I went up to my room and worked on my homework.  Call me
perverse, but I always made myself wait to masturbate until my
homework was finished....it added a delightful urgency to the
deed, and made my cumming a little more powerful.

My books had just closed and my chair pushed back, hand going to
the ready position when I heard my name called.

I rezipped, tucked myself in, and headed down.  I saw that
Grandma's room was open, and she called again from within.  I
went to her, and saw her standing in front of the mirror.

"I need help with this zipper," she said, "The event was awful
and I couldn't wait to get back.  You wouldn't believe what
passes for art these days, darling.  Why are you just standing
there, unzip me."

I had done this particular activity for both her and Mom - how
they ever got zipped in the first place is beyond me - but this
was the first time since I saw her and Mom lezzing on the bed not
two feet from me.  I didn't trust my hands.  "Ummm, are you sure
you can't get it, Grandma?"

She turned and tapped her foot, toes curled in the pump she still
hadn't removed.  "Would I have asked for your help, my slow
learning lamb, if I could do it myself?" Eyebrow arched.

"I guess not."

I went behind her and stood very close, almost too close to unzip
her.  I though I could feel her heat radiating out toward me, but
I think that was just my stiff cock, radiating its own heat. 

My fingers slowly grasped the metal tag and started downward.
Time seemed to stop, and the sound of the zipper filled my being.
I moved deliberately slow, as not to snag the material I told
Grandma, but my eyes were glued to the small triangle of flesh
exposed and growing.  As my fingers slowly drifted lower, her
flesh was more and more exposed, pale, smooth, hot.  The snicking
of the zipper grew in volume, now past her shoulders, heading to
her lower back.  Her neck was mine, there in front of me, waiting
my lips.  As the zipper exposed more, her shoulder blades peeked
out, begging my tongue, my caress.  Lower still, her sides and
the tip of her crack....my face wanted to bury itself into her,
smell, lick, taste, caress, have her.

I don't know how long I stood there, transfixed, metal tab
clasped tightly in my fingers.  "Done?" she asked, turning her
head slightly. 

I my daze, her earlobe jiggled for me, peeking out under her
hair.  "Not just yet," I replied as my hands found their own way
to her shoulders and started pushing the dress forward, off.

"Darling!!  What are you doing?"  Grandma exclaimed.
I couldn't answer.  My lips her around her shoulders, my tongue
was darting around her shoulder blades.  She tried to turn, but
hands were grasping her upper arms, and I held her tightly.

"Well, if you are going to molest me, you should at least kiss me
first. . ."

I heard that, and my senses returned.  What had I done?  Put the
moves on my own Grandmother?  My Mom's Mom.  I was sick.  She was
going to tell Mom, send me away . . .wait...what did she say
"Wha?" was my eloquent reply.

"I said, young man, if your are going to molest your Grandmother,
and it's about high time you did I must say, you should kiss me
first."

"You mean. . . "

"Hadn't you noticed the attention I've been paying you?  About
your pocket not being sewn, the sexy things I leave in the
laundry room for you?  Surely I thought that you would have
picked up on that."

"Well, I thought, you know....you just...."

"I know, you thought your 'old' Grandma let these things pass.
You should know by now that nothing escapes my eye."

I suddenly thought back to me peeping, "Nothing...not even"

"Not even Wednesday," she finished for me.  "Sit down, your
Grandma has a few things to tell you, before she jumps your young
bones."

I didn't so much as sit as collapse onto the bed.  I did notice,
however, that Grandma kept er dress on, even with the back open,
she managed to keep her shoulders in.

"You know that your Mom and I are very close, but what you might
have guessed, by how much I date," sly grin - she never dated,
"that I don't care much for men.  After your Grandfather donated
his sperm and left, I decided to never have another man.  And
when you Mom was born, well, let's just say that I had a lot more
to worry about than men anyway.  Now, you may have heard things
about me and the owners here, but let us just say that his wife
and I were very close, and he loved to watch us.

I never told you Mom much about her father, and that was probably
the same reason what happened to me happened to her. . ."

Her voice trailed off as she looked at my pants and saw my
swelling had reduced.  She slipped off her shoe, and standing in
front of me, started rubbing her foot up and down my crotch.  As
my hardness returned, I let her have better access by removing it
from the confines of my pants.  The sheer feeling of her
stockings on my manhood felt divine.

"There, can't have things falling down around here.  Anywho, you
Mom became pregnant with you, and then she, too, swore off men.
Well, it didn't take long for the lady of the house to seduce
her, and when I found out, by walking in on her licking your
Mom's pussy while her husband did his wife doggie style, I could
either get mad, or horny.  You can guess what happened.  We hoped
to have another daughter, to become pregnant at 15, swear off
men, and start our own family tradition.  But, instead of a girl,
we got ourselves a boy."  Her eyes went to my crotch.
"And now, very much the young man.  Your Mom and I decided that
when you turned 15, you would impregnate one of us, swear off
other women besides us, and keep the family tradition."

I was stunned.  "You mean you and Mom both want me to.......make
love to you?"

"Well, one or the other, as long as we get pregnant."

"But won't the baby be...deformed or something."

"Not the first generation, and by the time it could be a problem,
those scientists will figure a way to fix gene problems anyway."

It suddenly struck me.  Here I was, talking to my Grandmother,
whang hanging out, and she's telling me that I'm going to screw
her AND Mom, have babies and probably let them, if it's a boy, or
me, if it's a girl, make love to it and have more kids..all the
while, her foot was driving me crazy.
This had to stop.

"I can't believe this.  It's so nuts.  We'd never get away with
it...besides, I don't want to have you anymore, the feeling
passed...just...let me go."

Strong hands pushed me back, and a weight was on my hips.  I
looked up and Grandma was wriggling out of her dress, her
stocking already on the floor.  I don't recall her removing them,
but things have been a little odd.

Next thing I knew, the first naked woman I had ever seen was
straddling me, her hot wetness pressed against my hard cock.

"Are you sure you don't want this?  Think about it...every man's
fantasy.  Two women as your sex-slaves, and maybe even a third if
you have a daughter with us.  All the loving, kinky sex from me
or your Mom," and at that my cock jerked.

"Oh you like that, don't you?  You and Mom making love?  Watching
Mom and Grandma make love...joining us....watching me lick your
Mom's pussy while you stick your cock deep into mine . . "

On that, she shifted up and move me into her and before I knew it
Grandma was riding me, my cock into her hot pussy.

"Oh, it feels ...Grandma....Always like this?"

She started rocking back and forth, "Always."

My hips began thrusting as dark spots swam before my eyes.
Grandma leaned over and pressed her breast to my mouth, I opened
wide and started sucking.

She kept whispering in my ear, "This is the bed your Mommy and
her Mommy lick each other.  Your Mom and Grandma finger their
cunts, press their clits together, . . "

My hips were bucking, and I was about to cum. I tried to tell
her, but my mouth was full of tit, so I mumbled it the best I
could, and she understood.

"Oh yes, cum in Grandma, cum in her in the bed where she and your
Mom press their pussies together, talking about you, wanting you
to fill them with cum...oh baby . . . "

I came inside Grandma, and her pussy held me tightly as I did.
"Oh yes baby, fill me, make me pregnant."

"Grandma . . .did you . .. "
"Shhh, not this time, but I'll teach you how, don't worry.
You'll make me cum plenty of times from now on....me and your
Mom."

We just cuddled and lay together for the rest of the afternoon.
I wanted to make love to her again, but she told me to save
it....Mom had a treat planned for me.  She also told me to be by
her door right before dinner, but to be quiet.

Mom returned home about 3:00 in the afternoon, went upstairs and
showered.  We usually ate around 4:30, so after the shower
stopped, I crept upstairs.  The door was open a crack, and Mom
and grandma were laying in bed together.  This time, Mom was on
top and there were no toys, just their pussies jammed together.
Mom was grinding up and down, close to cumming.  "Your son came
to me today," Grandma said.  Mom started grinding harder.

"He came deep inside me, and I told him all...he wants to fuck
you now, fuck his Mom, and us together...we wants us all to fuck
together." 

This was too much for Mom.  She grunted and stiffened, the
collapsed on Grandma.  Grandma turned to me and motioned me
away...so I left.

Dinner seemed usual, but there was a tension in the air.  Grandma
said nothing about our afternoon, and I said nothing either.  I
certainly didn't want to muck things up just as they were getting
good.

Nothing happened all evening, and about 10:00 I went to bed.
After my lights were out for about half an hour, I heard the
stairs drop, footsteps, then the stairs raise.  A figure came
towards my bed, and silhouetted in the moonlight was Mom.  I
could see a pale green robe around her...not really a robe, it
was too see-through.  She came to my bed and slipped in next to
me.  "Do you want me?" was all she asked.

"Oh Mom...I love you, I desire you, and yes, I want you."

Her hand slid down to my waist, I had taken to sleeping naked
during the past year, and I was glad I had.  Mom's hand grasped
my cock and started sliding up and down.  I grew into her hand as
our lips met and kissed.

Mom's tongue entered my mouth, and mine wriggled against
it...tasting her, feeling her warmth.  Mom released my cock and
guided my hand to her pussy and started rubbing it into her.  It
didn't take me long to slip a finger into her, and she resumed
onto my cock.

Her breath was hot in my ear as she whispered, "I plan on
teaching you everything to know about making love, but this
weekend is just for fun."

No sooner had the words been uttered than she lowered her head
and took me into her mouth.  I flash of hot wetness and swirling
tongue caused my back to arch...then it was gone.  She peeked up
from under the covers..."You still taste like Mom...you should
wash after sex."

Next thing I knew, she was straddling me like Grandma had.  In
the moonlight, her olive skin looked dark grey, and as her hands
ran through her heir, it shimmered almost bluish in the night.
Mom's hands were stroking her own breasts, pulling the nipples.
I tried to join her hands with mine, but she pushed them away.
"Enjoy the show, my Son.  Fill Mom with your cum, and tomorrow
you can join in."

Faced with that, I just rested my head on the pillow and watched
Mom make love to me.  Mom rocked back and forth, kneading and
squeezing her breasts.  One hand slid down and slipped in next to
my cock, then rubbed a little higher- on her clit was my guess.
I'm not sure why, but when with Grandma I couldn't keep from
cumming, with Mom, I just was so relaxed I thought I'd never cum.
And, as Grandma hadn't cum, Mom brought herself slowly to orgasm
on my cock, bouncing faster and faster, pushing forward and
pulling her nipples.  Cumming for me was still a long ways
off...or so I thought.  Then she started talking.

"Oh baby, fuck your Mamma, cum in Mommy, make Mom pregnant.  Oh
yeah, Mom loves her son inside her....she wants to watch you and
Grandma, Mommy's son wither her Mommy, fill me, yes that's it,
let your hot cum flow. . ."



From ???@0x000018FB Thu Jan 09 18:14:51 1997
Path: magma.noord.bart.nl!news.unisource.nl!surfnet.nl!howland.erols.net!feed1.news.erols.com!super.zippo.com!zdc!news1.mpcs.com!anon.lcs.mit.edu!nym.alias.net!mailmasher.com!momlover
Date: Wed, 8 Jan 1997 19:52:43 -0800
Message-ID: <199701090352.TAA14659@mailmasher.com>
From: MomLover <momlover@mailmasher.com>
Organization: http://www.mailmasher.com pseudonymous service
Comments: Please report abuse to abuse@mailmasher.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: New MomLover- GenGash (m/F/F, Inc, Con, Mom/Son/Grandma) pt2
Mail-To-News-Contact: postmaster@nym.alias.net
Lines: 131
Status: N


And flow it did.  I shot into Mom's pussy, felt her climax again,
then felt her slide off, turn to me and curl up.  We chatted
about nothing, plans for more lovemaking, what she was going to
teach me, and slowly drifted off.

I awoke Sunday quite late.  It was 11:00, and I rushed down for
breakfast.  I hurried past the living room, stopped, and went
back.  Pillows were placed all over the floor, the shades were
drawn, and two beautiful lingerie clad women were there . . . Mom
and Grandma.

"Well, I thought we were going to have to start without you,"
Grandma said.

"Yep, I was afraid I'd have to lick your Grandma's pussy all
alone."  Mom added.

"Ummmm, I need to shower," I said remembering Mom's admonishment.

They looked at each other.  "Don't worry, we won't suck you
today, but we'll each owe you one before school tomorrow." Mom
said.

I grinned, "Can you both do it together?"

Grandma grinned, "We'd love nothing better.  Now, get your
scrawny butt over here."

I let myself down next to Grandma and watched as Mom spread her
Mom's legs.  Her face moved in and started probing the pussy.
She looked up to me and her eyes bade me to join her.  I lowered
my face next to Mom's and poked my tongue into Grandma's pussy. 

The more Grandma moaned, the faster we worked, our tongues
kissing each other, meeting inside Grandma's pussy.  Mom slid
around and told me to stick my tongue deep as it would go inside
Grandma, and while I did that, she sucked Grandma's clit.  That
was the first time I saw Grandma cum, and she spasmed around my
mouth and tongue.

Mom told me to start sliding my cock into her Mom, and she
squatted over Grandma's face.  I began pumping, watching Mom have
her pussy licked by her own Mother.  Mom told me to stop before I
came, but otherwise to have fun.  I experimented with fast and
slow pumps, some deep, some shallow.  I discovered that long,
slow thrusts were my favorite.

By the time I looked up again, Mom had stopped squatting and was
on her knees.  Her legs were spread wide and her pussy was being
licked by Grandma.  I rose up and slid forward and slipped my
still hard cock into Mom's wet pussy.  As I slid in and out, I
felt Grandma break her promise not to lick me as her tongue
danced along my shaft each time I pulled out.  Mom twisted over,
onto her back, and Grandma started sucking her tits while I
fucked her.

Grandma then lay on top of Mom and pressed her pussy hard against
Mom's.  The added pressure felt great on my cock, and I started
moving from one to the other.  My hand grasped my cock and I
alternated between Mom and Grandma, getting closer and closer to
cumming.  Both pussies were dripping, and sweat was forming
between Mom and Grandma's stomachs.  I got closer and closer to
cumming, but couldn't decide who would receive, so just when I
could hold back no longer, I thrust between the two of them, and
cum spread out between their bellies.

We held that position for a few moments, then we rolled apart and
they took turns licking me off of each other.

Then, they started finishing off each other, and by the time they
both came, I was hard again.  I came in Mom, after spending my
time pumping Grandma doggie style, but Grandma licked it out of
Mom's pussy while I sucked Grandma's pussy.

By that time, we retired to the shower, rested to the afternoon,
and went at it again after dinner.

In fact for the next two months I had a great time.  Mom and
Grandma were true to their words, and I began to learn how to
please them.  We did anal sex, three-way masturbation, used toys,
lingerie, and just about everything else we could think of.

Thursday, two months after that fateful weekend, I came home and
both Grandma and Mom were sitting on the couch, clothed.  This
was quite odd.  When we were alone, nudity, or sexy clothing was
the norm.  The patted the chair across from them, and I sat.

"Grandma started.  "Darling, do your remember that night about
two months ago when you spent the night at your friend's house,
the one who moved away?"

I had done no such thing, so I looked to Mom.  She nodded, "His
name was Timmy, I believe.  You must remember."

She said it more as a command than a reminder, so I decided to
play along.  "Yeah, Timmy.  His dad got a promotion and they
moved to another state last month?"  I meant it as a statement,
but it came out a question.

They both smiled.  "We never told you," Mom began, "but that
night, while you were gone, a strange man came here and molested
your Grandmother and me.  We never said anything, too embarrassed
by it all."

Grandma finished, "But it seems he impregnated both of us.  Can
you believe it?  One man in one night.  The doctors were amazed,
but it's true."

I finally got the picture.  They needed an excuse to be pregnant.
Couldn't very well go around saying that the only man in the
house was diddling both of them, even if it were the truth.

The next few months were amazing.  We were more careful about
sex, but kept up our threesomes.  When they started lactating, I
would taste one, then the other, or more often, both at once.
One night, they both kneeled by me, one on either side, and just
shot their milk all over me, then licked it up.  I came before
either even touched me, and they licked my cum along with their
milk.

I don't know if you could call them twins, but both were born on
the same day, about half an hour apart.  One boy, and one girl.

We talked and decided that we would still wait until they were
each fifteen before initiating them into the family, but somehow
I think it will be earlier.  I'll just have to wait and see.

End


