Archive-name: Bondage/georgia.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Arrested in Georgia


      Day three of the vacation was perfect driving weather.  The
family had  been  making  their  way  slowly  southward  from the
Canadian border  and so  far the  trip had been perfect.  Today's
drive would take them almost  to  their  goal  in  Florida.   For
today,  however,  Katherine  and  her teenage daughter Kelly were
just enjoying the ride.  This was very different from Katherine's
normal  pace  of  life.    She  was her late 30's and a very busy
executive in the advertising business.
     Katherine was a striking woman.   She was  often mistaken to
be in  her mid-twenties  and she  liked to dress the part.  Today
she was wearing a  skirt and  a loose  cotton shirt  that she had
unbuttoned completely  and had  tied in a knot below her breasts.
Her husband John loved her this  way, she  knew.   The family was
usually very  casual about a dress code and it wasn't unusual for
any one of them to be wandering around  the house  naked.  Still,
dressing this  way was  more provocative than usual but "What the
heck.", she thought, "This is vacation!"
     Kelly had just started  her spring  break from  school.  She
was  a  seventeen  year  old  senior who would be in college next
year.  Kelly was quickly maturing into a young woman  and neither
of her  parents had  failed to  notice.  Her figure was a perfect
34-24-34 and her pert little  "B"  Cups  were  topped  with thick
brown nipples.  Kelly seemed to be in a constant state of arousal
and both her parents knew that she was no longer  a virgin.   Sex
discussed quite  openly in the family.  In fact, it was the topic
of today's  conversation in  the car.   "C'mom  Mom", said Kelly,
"What's the  kinkiest stuff  that you and dad do?"  Katherine was
surprised to feel herself blush at  the question.   "C'mom Mom.",
taunted her daughter, "'Fess up."
     "Oh God!",  said Katherine,  "O.K. young lady, you asked for
it!  Your father  and I  like mostly  to play  at bondage games."
"OOOoooo",  said  Kelly,  sitting  forward on her seat, "Really?"
"Yes, really.", said Katherine, still embarrassed.   "He  ties me
up and teases me and sometimes he blindfolds me.", she sighed, "I
guess I really like being submissive to your dad."   Kelly's eyes
went wide  as she  listened to  her mother's confession.  "Wow!",
she breathed,
     "What does he do  to you  when you're  tied up?"   "Kelly!",
exclaimed her  mother.  "Please, mom.  I want to know."  "Alright
said Katherine, "He pinches my nips and he usually licks me while
I'm helpless.   He  likes touching  my behind while I'm tied so I
can usually expect to be spanked  just like  you are  when you're
bad.   And he often puts something into my bottom."  "MMMmmmmmm",
murmured Kelly smiling.  Katherine was now blushing  furiously as
she told  her daughter  how being  helpless really turned her on.
Finally Katherine decided to turn the tables.
     "What about you Kelly?",  she  asked,  "What's  the kinkiest
thing you've ever done?"  Now it was Kelly's turn to blush as she
realized that she would have to tell.  "Welllll", she said, "Once
when I  was at  Bobby's place  and his  parents weren't there, we
started to fool around and we  were  just  about  to  do  it when
Bobby's friend  Frank came  over.  We pulled our clothes together
and Frank came in.  God, I was sooooo hot!   Anyway,  Frank could
easily see  that we  had been  fooling around.   Bobby grinned at
Frank.  "Hey Frank", he said, "Do you want to  see a  little more
of Kelly?"   Frank  grinned back, "Sure."  Bobby reached over and
pulled me close to him.  He turned  me around  so my  back was to
him and  then he  pulled my  hands up  until they  were behind my
head.  I was really helpless.  Frank was looking  at my stretched
body and I felt vulnerable in front of him.  Bobby must have made
some kind of sign  to him  because all  of a  sudden, Frank moved
forward and started unbuttoning my blouse.  I started to struggle
but Bobby had me firmly secured.  I wasn't wearing  a bra  and my
breasts started  to come into view.  Frank was watching carefully
as my blouse slowly opened complete.  My blouse was taken off and
they both got to feel my boobies.  Frank pinched my nipples and I
was so hot I thought I was going  to come  right there!   Anyway,
they made me go topless the whole night.  It was pretty great and
later, when Bobby and  I were  alone, it  was wild!   He  made me
strip and  get into  all kinds  of erotic poses for him.  He said
that next time he's going to take pictures of me.
     Katherine was feeling a little warm herself.   Kelly's story
had  definitely  turned  her  on.   She could feel her own juices
flowing between  her legs.   All  of a  sudden there  was a sound
behind the car.  Katherine looked in the rear view mirror.  There
was a police car  there!   The red  and blue  lights were happily
turning around  and she  knew that  they were for her.  Katherine
looked down at the speedometer and sure enough  she was speeding!
"Shit", she  said.   She had gotten so caught up in Kelly's story
that she hadn't noticed that she was now doing 70mph!   Katherine
slowed  down  and  drifted  off  to the side as the Georgia State
Trooper pulled in behind her.   Katherine found  herself a little
nervous as  she waited  for the  police officer to walk up to the
car.  Prepared as she was, the tone of the cop was  unexpected as
she lowered her window.
     "Get out  of the  car Ma'am", said the burly cop.  Katherine
shook her head in disbelief at the rude tone of the officer.  She
opened the  door and  slowly got out.  "License!" barked the cop.
Katherine slowly opened her wallet to hand over her license.  The
police officer  was leering at Katherine as he looked at Kelly in
the passenger seat.  "So darlin'",  he drawled,  "Y'all are going
to have  to come  down to  the police station about your speeding
fine."  "Just a minute.", said  Katherine, "Don't  you just write
me a  ticket and  send me  on my  way?"   "'Fraid not Ma'am.  New
rules says you gotta come down  to the  station so  the judge can
determine how  much your  fine should be."  "Well that's just not
fair.", said Katherine, starting  to raise  her voice.   "You can
write me a fine if you like but I'm not going to take the rest of
my day to pay a silly  speeding  ticket!"    Ma'am  you  can come
quietly or  I'll have  to arrest  you.   Now get  into the police
cruiser."  "I won't do it I tell you.", said Katherine.
     The next thing she  knew, Katherine  was facing  her car and
had  been  pushed  over  the  trunk.   "Hey!", she shouted as the
officer  slipped  handcuffs  onto  her  wrists.    By  now Kelly,
frightened for her mother had come out of the car.  "What are you
doing?" she cried.  "Now you just stay out of  this Missy.", said
the cop.   "OK  Ma'am, you're  under arrest.  I'll have to search
you now before you're  put  into  the  police  car.    Just stand
still."  The cop's rough hands slid up Katherine's thighs despite
her  protests  and  continued  until  her  white  cotton panties.
Katherine  held  her  breath.    The  thick fingers slid into the
elastic of the panties and up along her wet slit.   "Mmmmm", said
the  cop.    Kelly  was  shocked.   She couldn't believe this was
happening.  When the policeman's hands slipped into  the front of
her mother's shirt to pinch her already hard nipples she leapt at
the cop, jumping on his back.
     The tough Georgia cop was much  stronger than  either of the
woman and  in another moment, Kelly found herself handcuffed just
like her mother.  "Well,  well"  said  the  cop,  "Time  for your
search  Missy."    his  hands  moved  slowly up Kelly's skirt and
slipped higher and higher.  Kelly was mortified.   She  knew that
in a  moment the  hands would be high enough to discover that she
was wearing no panties at all.  The strong hands of the policeman
spread Kelly's thighs apart as he moved higher.  As she expected,
his hands found her hot and wet pussy completely exposed.   Kelly
gasped as  his thick  finger slid  along her wet slit.  The hands
left her thighs and a moment later she  felt them  move under her
T-Shirt to  find her  budding breasts.  The nipples were hard and
despite herself Kelly moaned  as he  pinched them.   "Ok  you two
into the  car now."  said the cop.  Neither of the two women said
anything during the ten minute drive to the police station.
     They were hustled  into  the  building  in  short  order and
brought to  a bench outside an office.  "Wait here" said the cop.
Another ten minutes passed by waiting.   Their  wrists were still
held  by  the  handcuffs.    An  officer came up to them then and
brought them into an office.  They were  brought in  front of the
desk of  another officer.   This  one seemed to be in charge.  He
looked up at Katherine first.  "Well Ma'am,  I don't  suppose you
realize just  how much  trouble you're in here."  he said.  "This
is outrageous!" started Katherine  but she  was quickly  cut off.
"Just  a  minute!"  said  the  cop,  "I've  got you down here for
reckless driving and resisting  arrest and  that alone  could put
you  in  jail  for  6  months  so  you  just  mind your manners."
Katherine shut up as though a bucket of water had  been thrown on
her.   "Now then.",  said the  cop, "You'll be staying in our own
jail overnight and the judge will  see you  in the  morning.  But
you'd  best  mind  your  manners  because I can tell you that the
officers her aren't likely  to take  kindly to  you putting  up a
ruckus.   They've been  known to put a young lady over their knee
for being  impolite so  watch yourself.   This  officer here will
bring  you  to  the  detention  cells."    Katherine was about to
protest again but one look from the policeman and she  though the
better  of  it.    The  judge  would let them go soon enough, she
figured.
     The younger officer brought them out of the office and along
a corridor.   In front of a locked door, he told Kelly to wait on
the bench.  Katherine was brought into the room where there was a
table and  a chair.  "Take off all your clothes.", said the young
cop.  Katherine looked up  wide-eyed.    "Ma'am,  you  can  do it
yourself, or  I'll call  a couple of strong armed policemen to do
it for you."  Hesitantly Katherine  reached up  for the remaining
buttons on  her shirt.  Given the few clothes she was wearing, it
did not take long  until she  was naked.   Her  hands reflexively
covered her  naked breasts and pussy.  "Turn around and bend over
the table." said the cop.   Nervously, Katherine  did as  she was
asked.   The table  was cool  against her  breasts.  "Spread your
legs Ma'am." said the cop.    Katherine  spread  her  long tanned
thighs.   She watched  the policeman walk around her to a counter
running along the wall.  Her  eyes got  wider as  she watched him
put on  a plastic  glove and cover it with jelly.  He disappeared
from view behind her.  Two of his  long thin  fingers touched her
naked  pussy  and  in  one  long  slow motion, slid deep into her
pussy.  She reached up on her toes  as he  pushed deep  into her.
The fingers  moved in  and out slightly, further exciting the hot
young woman.  After twisting in and out a few  times, the fingers
slid out  of her.   Katherine thought the humiliating examination
was over but there was more  to come.   The  slippery fingers now
touched her  tinier more sensitive opening.  "Oh no...", murmured
Katherine as the same two fingers pushed into her hot anus.  They
slid deeper and deeper putting Katherine back on her toes as they
twisted slowly.  Katherine  had never  been able  to resist being
touched in  her ass.  The sensation had always seemed a 'naughty'
thing.  The rectal exam was,  if anything,  longer and  slower as
the fingers  moved in  and out  of her  tight opening.  When they
were finally withdrawn, Katherine was left  gasping for  air with
her  face  beat-red.    Knowing  that  her  pussy juices were now
flowing  freely  from  the   stimulation   had   her   even  more
embarrassed.   The cop  gave her  a short  cotton shift to put on
that was not unlike a hospital gown.  Katherine was acutely aware
of her  nakedness as  she was led from a side door into a regular
jail cell.
     The cop returned to the waiting Kelly who  was still outside
the main  door to  the examining  room.  "Come in." said the cop.
Nervously Kelly entered the room  her  mother  had  just vacated.
"Remove all  your clothes.",  said the  cop.   This was too much.
With the exception of the  one  time  with  her  boyfriend Bobby,
Kelly had  never been  seen naked  by a  man.   Despite the cop's
continuing request, Kelly would not remove her clothes.   Without
further ado,  the strong young officer grabbed Kelly's wrists and
pulled her over his knee as he sat in the  chair.   "You're going
to learn  to obey  young lady."  he said  as he  pulled her skirt
right to her waist.  Kelly's pantyless bottom was exposed  to his
view.   The spanking  was hard  and hot and Kelly felt her bottom
was on fire as he pulled her back onto her feet.  Without further
prompting Kelly  removed her  skirt and T-Shirt and bent over the
table as directed.   She blushed  a deep  red when  instructed to
spread her  legs but did as she was told.  When the policeman put
on the plastic glove, Kelly shuddered but obediently  remained in
her  exposed  position.    The  long  fingers slid into her tight
teenage pussy sliding easily thanks to the juices  of the already
horny young girl.  The fingers started a slow in and out movement
and Kelly found herself  rocking back  and forth  pressing harder
and harder onto the fingers.  She was almost sorry when they were
pulled from her.  The finger  at the  entrance to  her bottom was
completely  unexpected,  however.    Kelly gasped as the slippery
finger pressed against her puckered opening.  "Oh!", gasped Kelly
as the  finger forced its way past her sphincter and into her hot
rectum.  Kelly had never experienced  anything like  this before.
The feeling  of the  long finger working its way slowly into her,
opening her up  and  holding  her  open  was  incredible.   Kelly
couldn't catch  her breath  as she  found herself pushing back on
the finger trying to pull more of it  into her  hot bottom.   The
long leisurely  rectal exam  lasted a  couple of minutes and left
Kelly panting and moaning by the time it was over.
     Kelly was dressed in the same cotton gown as her  mother and
brought to  an adjoining  cell.  Her hands were handcuffed to the
head of the bed.  Despite her desperate  situation, Kelly's hands
pulled against the cuffs as she tried to reach her soaking pussy.
The exam had left her hot and soaking  wet and  she was  dying to
bring herself  relief.   The morning  was not  long in coming and
Kelly  was  nervous  as  she  waited  patiently  for   her  court
appearance.   She had  been awakened  several times by the guards
for 'inspections'.   Each  time they  came in,  she was terrified
that she  would be  raped, but  each time  they seemed interested
only in turning on  her young  body.   She was  stripped and held
helpless, while  the men examined her naked body.  Each time, she
was  left  hot,  wet  and  very  frustrated  and  each  time, the
embarrassment of the examination seemed to turn her on more.
     Now it  was morning and she wondered what would happen next.
The door to the  cell opened  quite suddenly  and as  Kelly moved
into the  corridor, she  saw her  mother, Katherine being brought
from her cell also clothed in only the thin cotton  shift.  Kelly
expected that  they would be allowed to put on their own clothing
before going into the courtroom  next  door  but  they  were not.
Acutely aware of her naked bottom showing in the open back of the
gown, Kelly and Katherine were pulled into the next room  to meet
the  judge.    "Well,  now.",  he said upon seeing them, "You two
ladies are in a fair amount  of trouble.   I've  reviewed all the
evidence and  I'm prepared  to sentence  you.   Is there anything
you'd like to say on your own behalf before I do?"  Katherine was
shocked.  "But, don't we even get a trial?", she asked.  "Oh, but
you did Missy.", said the judge.  "You  were found  guilty as can
be.   OK then,  as far  as sentence  goes, I can tell you that we
have a  particular method  of punishing  young ladies.   So, your
sentence is  set at 1 year in jail or punishment at the bailiff's
discretion."  Katherine was pale.    "What  does  that  mean your
honor?", she  asked.  The judge smiled.  "That means that you and
your pretty young daughter can spend a year  in our  fine jail or
you'll be  punished immediately as the sheriff sees fit.  That'll
probably mean that you won't be sitting to well for a while.  You
can have five minutes to make up your mind."
     Katherine  and  Kelly  sat  down  in the little courtroom to
discus their fate.  "Are you ok?", asked Katherine.   "Sure Mom."
said her  daughter. "What  should we do?"  "I don't think we have
any choice to tell  you the  truth.", said  Katherine.   "I think
we're going  to have  to choose being spanked.  I certainly don't
plan for us to spend the  next year  here in  jail!"   "Ok." said
Kelly nervously.
     The two  pretty women  stood up and faced the judge.  "We've
decided."  Katherine  told  him,  "We'll  accept   the  sheriff's
punishment."   The judge  smiled again as the sheriff led the two
of them out of the courtroom and into  a separate  room.   In the
center of the room was a vaulting horse just like you'd find in a
high school gymnasium.  The two women were  pulled to  the center
of the  room and their gowns were removed leaving them completely
naked.  "You first." said the sheriff pointing to Katherine.  The
two deputies  took the  older woman and brought her to the end of
the vault.  Her ankles were attached to the legs of the vault and
spread wide apart.  Leather cuffs were attached to her wrists and
then pulled forward until she was stretched out along the leather
vault, her breasts pressed into the cool leather.  Kelly watched,
fascinated from behind as all her mother's charms  were revealed.
She saw  that, like  her, her  mother had been 'attended to' last
night.  The slick sheen  of  lubricant  was  evident  between her
shapely buttocks.   The  sheriff came forward and put an open jar
of vaseline on Katherine's  back.   His long  fingers dipped into
the  jar  and  then  moved  down to Katherine's tiny opening.  As
first one, then two fingers penetrated her, Katherine  was unable
to  contain  a  moan  as  the  fingers slid deep into her.  Kelly
watched as despite herself, her mother  began thrusting  her hips
backward to  get more  of the  fingers into her.  Now the sheriff
removed his fingers and then Kelly watched him  take out  a small
object from  his pocket.   She  didn't recognize it at first.  It
was made out of white plastic and was  about 4  inches long.   It
was thin  at one  end then flared out to about an inch or an inch
and a half wide in the middle then  tapered in  again to  about a
half inch  wide before  joining a  "T" shaped  end piece.  As the
sheriff placed the tapered end  of  the  device  to  the puckered
entrance  of  her  mother's  bottom, Kelly suddenly realized that
once this object was inserted into the rectum, it would be firmly
lodged there until the sheriff pulled it out.
     Kelly had  never had  anything in  her bottom before she was
examined there yesterday but  the thought  of this  anal plug was
very distracting.  Kelly caught herself clenching her buttocks as
she wondered what it would be like to have that  inserted in her.
The plug had now been inserted into Katherine and Kelly heard her
moans of arousal as  the sheriff  toyed with  it.   Katherine was
beside herself.   She could not remember ever being so turned on.
The plug in her ass was driving  her  crazy.    Now  she  saw the
sheriff reach  for a  paddle.   Katherine heard the whoosh of the
paddle as it swung down onto her bottom.  The  heat of  the smack
took her  breath away.  The next followed immediately after.  The
spanking was certainly not light but  Katherine had  frankly been
prepared for  worse.   The heat  from the  paddle was burning her
behind but was  also  travelling  right  through  her  body.   In
particular, her  pussy was  getting hotter  and hotter. Katherine
could feel her own juices trickling down her  inner thighs.   The
spanking stopped  long enough  for the  sheriff to  play with her
anal plug then started again.
     When next he stopped, Katherine  was  breathing  hard.   Her
hips  were  squirming  in  constant  motion from the sting of the
paddle and the constant stimulation of  her  anus.    One  of the
deputies knelt down behind her and Kelly watched as a small dildo
was slid into her mother's soaking pussy.  'Are they  going to do
that to  me?', she  wondered.  Katherine was beside herself.  The
sensation of finally having  her  pussy  touched  was incredible.
She was  so close  to coming that she knew it would be soon.  The
paddling  started  again  on  her  already  hot  and  red bottom.
Katherine's hips were in moving all over the leather vault as she
pulled at her bonds.  All of a sudden both the plug in her bottom
and the  plug in  her pussy  started to vibrate.  With the paddle
still descending, and this new  sensation  in  her  most intimate
openings, it  was too  much.   Katherine felt the orgasm starting
from deep in her belly.   She pulled  frantically at  the leather
cuffs surrounding  her wrists  and ankles  as she cried out.  The
orgasm came in wave after wave coming again  as she  clenched her
anus down  hard on  the vibrating butt plug.  Finally, it and her
'punishment' was over.  Now it was Kelly's turn.
     Katherine was taken off of the vault and Kelly was led over.
Her young  teenage body  had never been so turned on.  Seeing her
pretty mother punished and then brought to orgasm in the way that
she was  had been  an incredible  experience.   Now she was being
tied across the vault just as her mother  had been.   The leather
was warm  where Katherine  had lain across it moments earlier and
Kelly could feel her  mother's juices  at the  end of  the vault.
Her legs were spread wide apart and fastened to the legs and then
her pert young breasts were pressed into the warm leather  as her
wrists were attached far out in front of her.  Kelly felt the jar
of vaseline as it was placed on the small of her back  and as the
fingers  sheriff's  fingers  touched  her  tiny anal opening, she
tried in vain to clench her buttocks.  First one then two fingers
pressed  firmly   into  her  bottom  as  she  was  lubricated  in
preparation  for  the  plug  that  would  soon  be  placed there.
Katherine  watched,  her  plug  still inside her although not now
vibrating  as  her  daughter  was  prepared  for  her punishment.
Katherine had  never seen  her daughter  exposed like this before
and she could see her toes curl as the sheriff's  fingers slid in
and out  of her  tight bottom.  Kelly's pussy juices were plainly
evident and  Katherine  knew  that  Kelly  would  also  be coming
shortly.   The spanking  proceeded just like it had for the older
woman and  Katherine watched,  fascinated, as  the vibrating anal
plug  was  inserted  then  turned  on.  The paddle descended upon
Kelly's naked buttckes  turning  them  a  bright  pink.   Kelly's
breathing  got  louder  and  louder  and Katherine shuddered with
excitement as Kelly pulled desperately at her bonds  as she cried
out during her orgasm.
     Exhausted,  their  bottoms  sore,  the two pretty women were
given back their clothes  and  driven  out  to  their  car, still
waiting by  the side of the road.  As the officer let them out of
the police cruiser he tipped his  hat to  the two  women.  "Y'all
enjoy the  rest of your day." he chuckled and then drove off.  As
Katherine and Kelly got  into their  car, Katherine  reached over
and hugged  Kelly to her.  "Well, I'll say this.", she said, "I'm
sure not going to be speeding in the near future."  Kelly laughed
and then gave her mother a strange look. "Oh, I don't know.", she
said, "My bottom's sure sore.  But I  don't think  I've ever been
that  turned  on."    "Me  neither."  Admitted  Katherine  as she
wondered if this was only the beginning.

--
