Archive-name: Bestial/gguinea.txt
Archive-author: Aliquis
Archive-title: Girl and Her Guinea Pig, A


                   --original story based on a real-life experience!

Sherri turned off the living room TV and yawned as she walked into the
kitchen to fetch a bedtime Diet Coke, her firm breasts outlined under
her t-shirt as she lazily stretched her arms upward.  As she opened the
refrigerator door a blast of cold air raised goosebumps on her bare
legs; just panties and a shirt was Sherri's standard nighttime garb.

The noise of the refrigerator door was followed almost instantly by a
high-pitched "Oooeek!  Oooeeek!  Oooeek!" from a large cage on the
kitchen table.  "Oh, Rambo," Sherri scolded.  "Hungry again?  Honestly,
sometimes I think you're nothing but a lettuce factory."  Before opening
her Coke she reached into the vegetable bin and tore a hunk of lettuce
off the head stored there.  Sipping the Coke with one hand, with the
other she opened the cage and tossed the lettuce in to the delighted
guinea pig.

Rambo was no ordinary cavy.  A rare Inca Blue, he had earned the dozen
or so ribbons and trophies above the fireplace before retiring from the
guinea pig fanciers' shows at the ripe middle age of four.  As for his
name, he had earned that during his stud days.  Normally male guinea
pigs are the peacefullest of animals, even during mating season; but
Rambo had made short work of another male who had foolishly been left in
a common cage just before one of the females went into heat.  The
hapless male's throat had been ripped as if by a wildcat.  After that,
proud Rambo always had his own cage, kept far away from other males
during breeding season.

Sherri finished her Coke and addressed her prized cavy.  "Rambo, don't
tell me you're going to get fat and lazy now that you're not chasing the
women any more!  I'm going to have to put you to work killing mice to
keep you in shape!"  Rambo had made short work of the lettuce, so Sherri
opened the cage and lifted him out, holding him at eye level and talking
to him as she walked into the living room: "Such a beautiful sleek
pig-pig, I'll bet the girls have been crying their eyes out since you
retired from the breeding business."

Sherri had never been able to take guinea pig sex too seriously, since
the females when they were mounted made precisely the sound that that
fat guy in "Deliverance" had to make when the two hillbillies caught him
and cornholed him.  But Rambo... sometimes she could swear he took an
almost human pleasure in the act, and the knowing gleam in his eye when
she finally removed him from the breeding cage had sometimes given her
the tiniest shiver at the bottom of her spine...

Now she stroked his back slowly but firmly, from head to rump, and he
began to vibrate the way guinea pigs do, with a kind of silent purring.
"Poor Rambo--how long has it been since you had a cavette, six months
now?  That's five years in people years, poor dear."  Suddenly she
noticed that Rambo was no longer just vibrating; he was beginning to
hump lightly and thrust his pelvis as he would when introduced to a
female.  "Silly Rambo, do I smell like a guinea pig in heat?  What's
making you so excited, precious?"

Just then Rambo raised his eyes to hers and gave her a glance so full of
meaning and desire that Sherri could no longer doubt what her virile
Inca Blue wanted.  Could a human really...?  But she loved Rambo, more
than she had loved most of her boyfriends after all, so...

As gently as she could, Sherri reached underneath Rambo's rounded rear
end and began to stroke his testicles with infinite tenderness.  Most
novices had trouble even sexing guinea pigs, but long experience had
taught Sherri were all the relevant parts were.  She put her skill to
use now as she felt the onset of Rambo's tiny erection--large, though,
by guinea pig standards.  She licked her thumb and forefinger to add
lubrication as she began to stroke him from base to head.  Rambo was
beginning to make the low squeal-growl that was his trademark sound of
copulation delight.  He raised his eyes again to hers--and the meaning
in them now was pure love.

"Oh Rambo, Rambo, I know!" cried Sherri.  Slowly she lay back on the
sofa and raised the firm, sleek animal until he was poised just over her
lips; then she poked her tongue out and began flicking it back and forth
over Rambo's throbbing guineapighood.  After a few moments of teasing
she took the organ into her mouth and began a gentle sucking.  At first
Rambo thrusted as he would while mounting, but he suddenly realized that
he could let Sherri do the work and stayed still, squeal-growling in an
increasingly fervent tempo.

He was close to coming, Sherri knew; but she wanted to give him
something more than he had ever dreamed possible.  She thought about
what worked with human males, and then she had an idea.  Her finger was
much too big, but there was... yes!

Sherri stood up and cradled Rambo as she walked toward the bathroom.  At
first the guinea pig looked puzzled and slightly hurt, but then he
evidently decided that he could use a brief rest and began purr-
vibrating again.  Sherri opened a bathroom drawer and found what she was
looking for, a rubber syringe from an earwax removal kit.  The tip was
just the right size.  Luckily she had a small jar of Vaseline, too; she
coated the syringe carefully before returning with Rambo to the sofa.

She lay back and began again to tongue Rambo, who quickly regained his
erection.  His squeal-growls came faster and faster as Sherri moved her
lips back and forth, back and forth.  It was time...now!  With her free
hand Sherri carefully but quickly inserted the rubber syringe into
Rambo's anus until she knew it was massaging his prostate.  With that,
Rambo gave a low moaning squeal, a full octave lower than she had ever
heard a guinea pig make, and came into her mouth in a shuddering,
powerful orgasm.  From Sherri's limited experience with human males, she
knew that this was no ordinary guinea pig orgasm; the volume of liquid
she felt now would put her ex-boyfriends to shame.

Sherri swallowed--salty but fresh, the taste was--and tenderly licked
Rambo's still throbbing organ as it slowly, slowly retracted into his
fur.  At the same time she reached into her panties and stroked her
engorged clitoris; she was so excited that it was only moments before
she came in a rapid tremble, barely able to keep from shaking Rambo too
hard.  At the movement from Sherri, Rambo opened his eyes and stared
into hers from six inches away--just stared, and purr-vibrated.  And
then slowly, peacefully, he sank into a profound guinea-pig sleep.

"Now isn't that JUST like a man to fall asleep," Sherri scolded as she
cradled Rambo between her breasts with a sigh.  "What makes him think
I'M done for the night?"

Ah, but there was always tomorrow...and the next day... and the next...


...from the fertile mind of aliquis (tm)
--
