Archive-name: Family/gh-come.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Greatheads Come Together, The


My first wife's maiden name was Greathead, and considering its appropriate-
ness we decided not to change it when we got married.  She was an anomaly in 
her family.  Her sisters were both small, fine-boned brunettes, and very 
flat-chested, while she was a tall, long-legged blonde with a bodacious set 
of bumpers.  Once we visited her older sister who was living in their parents' 
house while the old folk were in Florida.  This sister had just been divorced, 
and her dainty legs and wonderful ass inspired me with lust.  Even her little 
nips when I could see them under her tee-shirt gave me severe fly-strain.  
One day I  brought home a couple of vibrating "sex aids".  One looked just 
like a 10" cock, and it actually moved in and out.  The other was a strange 
two-pronged affair.  In the middle was a little head, then two 9" dicks stuck 
out where the little man's arms would be.  The idea was one woman would stick 
one arm in her snatch and nestle up against the vibrating head, then another 
woman would do likewise on the other arm so that they would be pushing the 
little head into each other's clits.  The arms on this critter were bendable 
too, and that evening, after my wife disappeared upstairs with the "ordinary" 
dildo, I bent one arm up and the other down and entertained Pat, her sister, 
by making the beast walk across the table.  As we sat in the kitchen laugh-
ing, me trying all the while to figure out how to jump on her bones, Liz,
my wife, called me from upstairs.  She sounded breathless and halfway up
I could hear the vibrator buzzing.  At the top of the stairs I could look
right into her parents' room and there she was, lights all ablaze, draped
across the arms of a large easy chair, buck naked, one long leg draped over
the back, the other resting on a small chair, her ass held up by a mass of
cushions and pillows, rubbing the vibrator all around her clitoris.  She 
had her eyes closed and was  literally dripping wet.  My clothes were gone
in a flash, and it was clear from her position she had called me in order
to make use of a certain organ of mine that was now waggling in front of
me like a rod of steel.  As I  slowly ran my cock all around the inside of
her she continued her vibrating  and began groaning and moaning big time.
I was getting extremely turned on watching this dildo going slowly up and
down on her clit, which was swollen to the size, and color, of a bing 
cherry.  Shortly I heard a stair creak and looking around, caught Pat 
staring at us, her jaw nearly on the floor, and her right hand mutching
around with her crotch.  She was flustered that I'd not only caught her
peeking, but rubbing her mound.  She zipped her hand away and turned to
leave, but I was having none of that.
	"Come here," I said firmly, but she disappeared into the hallway.
"Where the hell do you think you're going?" I shouted, and ran after her.
When I caught up with her at the head of the stairs I grabbed her by the 
arm and spun her around.  Her eyes went right to my cock, glistening with
her sister's juices.  She seemed hypnotised.  Back in the room the vibrator
kept right on going, and we could both hear the erotic sounds of Liz 
gasping and groaning. I put my hands on Pat's shoulders and pushed her
to her knees in front of me.
	"Clean me off," I said, but she just stared at it like a mouse 
staring at a snake.
	"Goddammit," I said.  "Grab it, or I'll jerk off in your face!"
	Still she didn't move, so I grabbed her hair with one hand and my
cock with the other and started smearing it all over her face.  When I 
reached her lips she opened her mouth and in I went.  It was great.  
She was really getting into licking up the lubrication and soon she had
hold of me with one hand and was tickling my balls with the other.  I 
figured we'd better get on back to Liz though, so I made her stand up and
take off her jeans.  Then I took her arm and dragged her into her parents'
room.
	"Hi Liz," I said as I slid back into her.  "I'm back."
	She made a few rewarding gyrations and groans, her eyes still shut.
I knew she knew Pat was there but was pretending otherwise.
	"Give me that," I said, taking the vibrator.  "You play with your
tits."  Then, giving Pat the vibrator I signed that she should do Liz's clit
with it. I gave Liz a few minutes of laying there wide open getting fucked,
squeezing and pinching her own nipples, and having her clit buzzed by her
sister, pretending all the while it was me, then I said, "Look who's here."
	Liz opened her eyes and looked right at her sister.  Immediately 
she started cumming like crazy.  As she was flopping around I leaned over 
and started frenching Pat's ear.  I have this thing where I stick my tongue
in the hole just enough to get a little suction when I pull it out, and soon
Pat's knees were wobbling.  She kept up her vibrating though, a real troop-
er.  Next I slipped my hand down the back of her panties and started knead-
ing her buns as I licked and bit her ear.  Liz had calmed down a bit, or at
least had stopped cumming, and out the corner of my eye I could see her 
watching.  Her eyes were bulging she was so keen on what I was doing. Of 
course, Pat's buzzing didn't hurt either.  
	"You like fucking your sister with a dildo don't you?" I said, but
got no response so I repeated myself, only louder and more threateningly.
	"Yes," she said very softly.
	"What?" I said.  "Speak up!  Tell us what you like."
	"I like fucking my siiisster...uh...with a dilllldo," she stammered.
	"I'll bet you wish you had a nice big cock you could use instead,
don't you?"
	I could see they both got hot over that one.
	"Tell her," I said.  "Tell her how you wish you had a cock you
could fuck her with."
	"Ohhh," she moaned.  Then, pausing between words because she was
cumming the whole time and having trouble talking she looked at Liz and
said, "I..wiiish..I..had..a b-b-big co-o-o-o-ck..so..I..could..fu-fu-ck..
yooouu..with it."  Liz, all the while, was also cumming like mad as she
stared into Pat's eyes.
	"Yes!" she yelled.  "Fuck me!  Fuck me Pat!  Pleeeeze fuck me!"
	 "Come around here," I said to Pat.  "Get between her legs."  I 
made her kneel between her sister's legs and said, "Start licking."  When
she  didn't dive right in I pushed her nose smack into Liz's gooey cunt 
and mooshed it around some.
	Liz reached down and spread her lips so her clit fairly popped out
into Pat's eye.  "Oh yes Pat," she said raising her head to look between 
her mounds, down past her belly to her sister.  "Yes, lick me, lick my 
pussy!  Suck my cunt."
	Well, that did the trick.  Pat licked like a cat with a bowl of
cream.  I ran downstairs to fetch Senor Doubledick.  When I returned I 
just stood and watched a minute as Pat sucked Liz up.  Liz had hold of 
Pat's head and smiled my way.  
	I slid my hand down the back of Pat's panties, under her ass and
into her cunt. Talk about wet! 
	"Whoa," I said.  "Look how wet your sister is from sucking 
your clit!"
	And I smeared some Pat-juice on Liz's tits.  My next handful went
in her ears, and the next her forehead.  Pat was an inexahaustible supply.
The stuff was running onto the floor, I could have gotten a bucketful. As
I smeared it on Liz's nose and lips, Pat started twitching.  She just
plastered her face up against Liz's cunt and started moaning, "Aaaahhhh,"
as her gut popped in and out.  Liz was snorting pretty good too and opened
her mouth so I could stick my sticky fingers in.  When I did she sucked 
them like she was trying to pry them loose.  While Pat was still cumming 
I got a fingerful of her cuntjuice and slid my finger up her asshole.  I
thought she was going to jump right through the roof.  She was cumming so
hard she lifted off the ground.  
	"Now Pat," I said, "about your wish to fuck Liz.  The time has come."
	I made her turn around and suck me off while I had Liz get on the
bed with her cunt where I could reach it.  I shoved in one of the double
dildo's arms, then told Pat to join Liz on the bed and stick the other arm
up her cunt.  She came just at the notion, and Liz meantime had on her face
just about the sexiest look I've ever seen.  The two sisters were *into* 
this idea, and lost no time getting connected.  It took some arranging, 
however, to get both their clits on the little head but I managed.  Then 
I plugged them in.  Jesus.  They went absolutely wild.  They were hopping 
all over that damn bed, yelling and crying and grinding into each other.
I couldn't hold myself any longer.  I stood over them on the bed and jerked
off as I babbled encouragement to them.  Pat really went bonkers watching
me pound my pud, and then came so hard when I started spewing come every
which way that she fell off the bed.  Liz was on her in a flash.  She had
Pat flat on her back with her butt raised and her legs in the air.  She 
then straddled her sister's crotch and lowered herself, the dildo still
engaged, onto Pat's cunt, whereupon the pair commenced writhing and grind-
ing in the most lascivious dance I've ever seen.  I squirted a stream of
come a good six feet and hit Liz in the back of the head with it.  Sub-
sequent streams trailed down her back.  I had the Hard-on From Hell though.
Even though I'd just lost a gallon of jism that sucker was like a rock.
I gathered up the come from Liz's hair and back and started smearing it
on her asshole.
	"Oooh," she said.  "Stick your finger up my ass!"
	So I did.  Then I reached around near their dildo and greased up 
the fingers of my other hand and stuck one of them in Pat's ass.  We were
all jumbled up like we were playing Twister.  I decided they needed more
than just fingers though, and got the other dildo.  I greased it up with
some hand cream, turned it on, and started tickling Pat's asshole with it.
They had been settling into a rhythm meanwhile, of slow, sensual writhing
accompanied by lip-biting and soft moans, building gradually to frantic,
screaming, bronc-busting orgasms, then subsiding back into the slow stuff.
By the time I got the dildo vibrating in Pat's ass, however, they were out
of sync, Pat cumming more often now.  What was I to do but grease up my 
cock and slip it up my wife's ass?  What's a gentleman for anyway? God, I
love to watch my dick slip in and out of a woman's asshole.  I was build-
ing up to shooting another wad when Pat said she had to take a break.
Liz agreed and I figured it would be a good idea to save myself for later,
so we all scrambled up onto the bed and fell in a heap of sighs.
	"Jesus," said Pat presently.  "Its been over two hours!"
	Liz and I laughed.
	"Oh God," said Liz.  "That was the most amazing two hours of my
entire life!  I mean, we've had great sex before, but this!"
	"Yeah," Pat replied.  "But I never even had great sex before!"
	"That ex-husband of yours always seemed like a dud to me," said Liz.
	"Oh brother!  Don't get me started on him."
	She looked fondly at me.
	"Now yours..." she said, and I felt like she wanted to touch me 
but didn't feel entitled.  I was, after all, her brother-in-law.  Liz must
have noticed too.
	"Yes," she said.  "Isn't he a dear?  Wouldn't you like to kiss 
him?"
	"You wouldn't mind?"
	"After what we just did, I should quibble over a kiss?"
	They laughed and pretty soon we were all hugging and kissing and
caressing and my cock was trying to poke through the ceiling.  Liz grabbed
it.
	"Look at this thing," she said.  "It's always like this.  As soon
as I start feeling the teensiest bit randy, boing!  He's got a boner.  Go
ahead and fondle it."
	So Pat fondled my dick while Liz grazed her fingertips over my
scrotum.  Heaven can't be any better than that.  Presently, Liz leaned 
across me and, touching Pat on the chin, kissed her lovingly.  Before long,
though, they were frenching like mad and panting and Liz's nips were like
rubies.  It suddenly struck me that Pat still had her tee-shirt on.
	"Here now," I said.  "You still have your shirt on."
	They left off kissing and broke apart.  They both had this panicked 
look.
	"Damn," I said to Pat.  "I've wanted to suck your tits for years!"
	"*My* tits?" she asked incredulously.
	"Sure!  Let's see 'em."
	She hesitated.  "They're not much to look at you know, they're not
like Liz's."
	"Liz's are marvelous, aren't they?"  I said.  "Fondle your breasts
for us Liz."
	But Liz was suddenly shy too, so I did it myself.  The room grew
quiet except for our heavy breathing as I palmed Liz's melons and shook
them and rolled her nips between my fingers.
	"C'mon," I said to Pat.  "You take one."
	When she hesitated I pinned her on her back and told Liz to lean
over her and play with her own tits.  When she leans over like that it's
mind-boggling, and when she finally gets into doing her own tits it'd 
make a dead man horny.  It didn't take long before Pat wanted her mouth
on her sister's tits, but I wouldn't let her.
	"What do you want?" I said.  "Huh?  what's that?  I can't hear
you."
	"I want to suck her tits," she finally blurted out, so I let her.
I'm an easy-going sort of guy.
	While she occupied herself with Liz's chest, much to Liz's enjoy-
ment, I ran my hands gently and lightly over her legs up to her belly.
Then I moved to her neck and arms, then back to her hips and waist.  I
spent a good long time on her navel because I love a good navel, then 
started sliding my arms up her sides and over her ribs.  When she stif-
fened I said, "Now cut the shit Pat.  I've waited years to see your cute 
little tits and now's the time."  Slowly I worked her shirt up until I 
found them, then I started licking her little nips.  She responded very 
well to gentle bites and when I sucked them and air at the same time.
Before long they were both randy as hell.  Right, thought I, the time has
come to fuck my sister-in-law.
	"Now you two," I said.  "Let's see some 69."
	No sooner said than done.  They were eager enough now.  I had Liz 
on the bottom with her head at the edge propped up by some pillows so I 
could get Pat's cunt up in the air.  They were going at it hot and heavy.
I stood behind Pat and after fingering her some I slipped in the hammer.
God, it was great to finally be fucking this little broad I'd been lusting
over for years.  
	"Look, Liz," I said.  "I'm fucking your sister."
	But Liz was out of it, and I had a helluva time not cumming my-
self, especially when Pat would, which  seemed like every few minutes.
Soon I decided to spice up the action a bit and got the one-armed dildo.
	"Keep licking," I told Pat as I started buzzing Liz's snatch. 
Liz responded very nicely I thought.  I spread her buns and started buzz-
ing her asshole.  She about flipped Pat onto the floor with her orgasm.
I pushed the dildo into Liz's cunt and got it sopping wet, then began
easing it into her asshole.  By the time I got it into her she was in
another dimension.  She was in a state of perpetual orgasm and complete-
ly oblivious to the world.  Then I moved around behind Pat again and 
fucked her some more, just to get juiced up.
	"Look at Liz," I said.  "She loves having that thing up her ass."
	Pat lifted her face and watched the dildo move in and out.
	"Rub both your clits," I said, and she immediately complied. 
	There's something about seeing a woman's fingers on her snatch
from the rear that has always revved me up.  After watching a while I said,
"I bet you wish you had something up your ass, don't you?"
	She moaned.
	"Sure you do," I said.  "Something like my cock maybe, huh?"
	She moaned louder.
	"Ask for it," I said, but she only moaned.
	I slapped her buns.  "Goddamit!" I said.  "Ask for it!  Tell me 
what you want and where you want it!"  And I whacked her buns a few more
times until they were flushed.
	"Uuunnh," she said.  "Please...fuck...me...unhunh...in...my...
uuuunnnh...my...ass..."
	Damn, I loved the way Pat could cum between words.  Well, I'm
not the guy to deny a lady's wishes now, am I?  So I slowly slipped her
the meat.  Her little bunghole grabbed my dick and did a real number on
it.  I was having one helluva time holding back.  Not even thinking about
baseball was working, so the next time they both started their pre-cum 
moaning I started grunting and growling too.  That turned them on even
more and pretty soon they were having gut-wrenchers.  I whipped my cock
out of Pat's asshole, 'cause, hey, I like to watch it squirt, and shot
streams of cum all the way up her back and clean over her head.  I al-
most made the floor on the other side of the bed.
	After that, we just collapsed, and after laying around in a heap 
for half an hour or so we discovered we were ravenous.  We went down to
the kitchen and cooled off for a while. 
--
