Archive-name: Family/gh-newf.txt
Archive-title: Greatheads Make New Friends, The


The girls needed more hot underwear so we decided one Saturday morning
to hotfoot it over to the mall and visit the local lingerie shop.  The 
saleslady regarded us curiously, a man and two women.  Her name was 
Sally, according to her name clip, and I was regarding her curiously 
too.  She was one of those slim dames with big tasty hooters, sort of
a nervous, birdy face.  Nice looking though.  She followed Liz and Pat
around as they gathered armfuls of stuff to try on.  Even when they 
went giggling off to the dressing room she continued to hover in the 
neighborhood.  She was pretty surprised when Liz came prancing out in 
red bra and g-string, and not much bra either.  She shot a quick look 
at the door, but no one was there.  
    "What do you think?"  says Liz.
    "I don't know," says I, getting behind her and grabbing her tits.
"C'mere Sally," I said as I pushed Liz's bouncers up, nearly overflow-
ing the cup.  "Do you have something that does this to her knockers?"
    Sally shot a shocked look at Liz who laughed and said, "Oh Gunner,
you're such a pig."
    "Uh, yeah", said Sally uncertainly.  "I think so."
    Pretty soon she produced some more goods, and off toddled Liz.
    "Nice tits," I said looking at Sally's.
    "I beg your pardon?" she said, shocked again.
    "Liz," I said pointing to the dressing room.  "She's got nice tits."
    After a pause she said, "Yes, I suppose she does."
    "Now, Pat", I continued, "the other one in there, she's flat as a 
pancake.  Not that I mind, 'cause she's just sexy as all hell.  But she's 
kinda nervous about it.  You might not understand that," I said again 
staring at her healthy shelf.
    "No," she said quickly, "I mean, yes, I do understand, I ... we often
get ah ... less endowed women in here."
    "Great!" I said.  "Listen, maybe you could help her out?  You know, 
pick out a few things for her to try on?"
    "Sure," she said and went off collecting things from here and there.
By the time she got back Liz was out of the dressing room again wearing 
next to nothing.  She was quite a sight.  I had a hard-on down to my knee. 
As Sally watched stupified Liz went thru a series of poses.  She bent down
and wiggled her tits around, she turned around and grabbed her ankles 
showing off one spectacular ass, then she turned back around and squatted
with her legs spread wide apart.  Sally was getting pretty nervous.  On 
the one hand she was clearly worried someone would come into the store, 
on the other she was pretty stimulated by our antics.  Just then Pat came
out wearing a see-thru body stocking, and I do mean see-thru.  Sally gasped,
again partially in fear and partially because of Pat's superb little body 
and shaved beaver.
    "Oh my!" said Pat looking at Liz.  "You look like a Penthouse center-
fold!"
    "You look pretty tasty yourself," said Liz eyeing Pat from head to foot.
    "Yeah!"  I said.  "I have half a mind to jump on you right here."
    Sally sort of groaned.
    "Oh," I said, "Pat, Sally here has some things for you to try on."
    "Good," said Pat, smiling at Sally.  Sally handed Pat the stuff and 
blushed. 
    As Pat started back to the dressing room I said, "We gotta have that 
body stocking though.  It's mega-sexy."  
    "Jesus," said Liz watching Pat walk off before herself heading back. 
"That is one sweet ass!"
    "Amen," said I to Sally.  I hope the stuff you gave her shows off that 
ass.  An asset like that needs to be flaunted, don't you think?"
    "Yes," she whispered, obviously relieved the two girls were out of sight.
    "What do you show off?"  I asked.
    That got her.  She was speechless.
    "I mean, you certainly do have some nice features."
    She was just about to say something when out came Pat stark naked except 
for some flimsy pants thing pulled up one leg.
    "Excuse me," she said.  "Could you help me with this?  I just don't seem 
to understand it."
    Sally was in such a panic she nearly shoved Pat back into the dressing 
room.  I was left alone.  I could hear them talking though, discussing what 
the thing was and how to put it on.  Soon Liz had joined them, and there was
much talk about how sexy they each looked.  Then Liz said the magic words.
    "What do you look like in this Sally?  I'll bet you look super!"
    "Oh yes!"  said Pat.  "I'll bet you do.  Try it on.  I want to see how 
you look."
    "Oh, great idea!" said Liz.  "Oh don't worry, no one's out there but the 
Gunner.  He'll take care of everything."
    "Hey Gunner!" she called.  "Let us know if any customers come in, OK?"
    "Sure thing," I said, 'cause you can depend on me.
    Well, soon Pat was saying, "Oh what nice tits, what perfect little 
nipples!", and Liz was chiming in with "Beautiful legs too, and Gunner would 
go nuts over that ass."  I was going nuts too, just listening to them.  Then 
Sally said, in a very quiet voice, "What are you doing?"
    "Oh," said Pat, shaky.  "Please don't mind.  You're just so sexy and I 
got really turned on."
    Liz laughed.  "Pat loves to rub her clit," she said.  "Don't pay any 
attention to her.  If it really bothers you she'll stop.  Now let's see what 
your tits look like hanging out of this thing.  Maybe if we mushed them up a 
little higher like this."
    Suddenly it got pretty quiet.  Then gradually it got not so quiet.  First 
I could distinguish Pat's heavy breathing, then someone else was having 
trouble breathing regularly and was even beginning to moan a bit.  I figured 
it must be Sally.  Next, Liz says, "Lick her clit Pat, her sweet juicy clit",
and then Pat said, "Put this foot up on the seat like that," and then Sally 
really started moaning.  My cock was ripping thru my pants.
    "Jesus," I thought, "if a woman comes in here now she's in big trouble."
    Just then in walked this total babe.
    Yeah yeah, she was over 40 and her face wasn't all that great, but hey, 
I'm eclectic.  Besides, she had a boffo bod.  She was wearing this short 
little skirt and high-heeled clogs and her legs were perfect, or at least 
one of the several varieties of perfect.  They were long and calfy and 
slightly bow-legged.  And if they weren't enough to make me cream my jeans 
her tits certainly were.  Her tank-top was fighting a losing battle.  She 
started rummaging around while I just gawked at her and listened to the 
shenanigans inside the dressing room, which the new babe was too far away to 
hear.  Finally, she looked at me and held up this lacy black bra.
    "Do you have this in a 36D?"  she asked.
    "Do I?" I said, or rather tried to say.  My voice just squeeked however.
After clearing my throat I said, "Uh, let me look and see."
    I went over to her and started rummaging around in the bras.  She must 
have noticed my pants sticking out in front, but I was beyond embarassment.  
Finally I found a 36C bra, but it was different than hers.
    "Well," I said.  "This is your size and I bet you'd look great in it."
    "Oh, do you think so?" she said, and took it and held it up to her tits.
    "Mmm," I said.  "Very nice.  Even with the tank-top."
    "OK," she said.  "I'll try it on."
    "No!  Wait!" I cried, and she looked at me, startled.
    "I mean, don't you want to get a few other things together first?  So 
you can try them all on at the same time?"
    "Well, I was thinking of some new stockings..."
    All too soon I had her fixed up with a few pairs of hot stockings, some 
new undies, and a couple of garter belts.  Again she started toward the 
dressing room.
    "Oh gee," I said.  "I forgot.  The dressing rooms are closed for repair."
    "Why that's ridiculous!" she said.  "Where can I try these on?"
    "Um, well, over there in that corner begind that rack of dresses is 
pretty private," I said.
    She looked mighty suspicious at first, but then she gradually softened 
and smiled.
    "OK," she said.  And off she went leaving me feeling pretty shaky in the 
middle of the store.
    "Excuse me," she called a minute later.  "Could you come here a second?"
    No sooner said than done, lady.  She was standing behind the clothes 
rack still dressed as before.
    "What do you think of this?" she said, pulling up her tank top but not 
removing it.  She had on the bra I had picked out.
    "Oh my," I moaned.  "They're, I mean, that's beautiful."
    She pulled her shirt back down with a huge grin.
    "Do you have any of those open ones?" she asked.
    Be still my beating heart, I thought, and trundled off to see what I 
could find.  When I returned she was wearing some white net stockings.
    "How do you like these?" she said, turning her legs this way and that. 
She had marvelous quads and calves.
    "Very nice," I said.  "How far up do they go?"
    Quite coyly she bit her lip and started edging her skirt higher and 
higher.  Since it was short to begin with it didn't take long to reach the 
top of  the stockings.
    "Oh," I said.  "You have on one of the garter belts I see."
    "Yes," she said, pulling her skirt up to her waist.  "Like it?"
    "I sure do," I said trying to adjust my clothes around my hard-on, which 
made her laugh.  "The panties are nice too.  French cut.  Let's see the back."
    She turned around and I nearly pounced on her right there.  Her ass was 
just beautiful, so smooth, so firm, and her legs from the back were as good 
as from the front.
    "God," I said in sheer admiration.  "What a body you have."
    "Let me try on that bra," she said turning back around and taking the 
open-faced bra from me.  "Turn around."
    A minute later she said I could look.  Good God.  Her nipples were small
and pink and standing to attention, all puckered up.  Her face was flushed 
and as she held her tank-top up she pushed her breasts together with her 
forearms.
    "You know," I said.  "You are one sexy woman.  A fucking vision, a 
walking wet dream."
    She said nothing but she ate it up.  After a few seconds of feasting my 
eyes she reached back and undid the bra.
    "Well," she said rather shakily.  "You better pack this stuff up."
    As she removed the bra she brushed her arms across her nipples and 
shuddered.  So did I.  Leaving her shirt up around her neck she reached down 
and undid the snaps on her garter belt, then slowly rolled down the stockings.
Next came the garter belt, and then turning her back to me she bent down and
stripped off the panties.  I moved up to her ass and caressed it.  When she 
stood back up I reached around and fondled her tits, massaging them and 
rolling the nipples around.  I also started Frenching her ear and neck and 
pretty soon her breath was ragged as hell.  Mine too.  I trailed one hand 
down her front and found her bush.  She was drenched.  I like that.  I was 
about to suggest we retire to the back room when Pat burst out of the dress-
ing room.  She had all her clothes back on, but she was still pretty breath-
less.  She startled us and we broke our clinch and I turned around.  The 
woman hid behind me pulling her shirt down and getting herself together.  
When Pat saw us she stopped for just a second, then ran up and grabbed me.
    "C'mon Gunner," she said.  "They need your help in there.  Sally 
especially needs your help."
    "But...," I babbled and indicated the babe in the short skirt.
    "Don't worry," said Pat.  "I'll take care of your customer."
    And she pushed me into the dressing room.  It was real easy to figure 
out what stall Liz and Sally were in.  I just followed the groaning and 
smell of pussy.  I found them on the floor crushing their cunts together 
and writhing about frantically.
    "Quick!" said Liz.  "Sally needs a cock!"
    Well, that's why I'm around.  I had it in my hand in no time.
    "Put it in my mouth!" Sally gasped.
    Why surely.
    She was a damned good cocksucker.  You could tell she liked doing it.  
She tickled my balls too, and I always like that.
    "Don't come yet," she said.  "I need to get fucked first."
    Whatever you say, lady.
    She let go of my dick and flipped over on her hands and knees.
    "Now!" she said.  "Do it to me now!"
    Man, I just love sliding into a super wet beaver, and between Pat and 
Liz this beaver was wet!  Liz laid down under Sally and started tongueing 
her clit while playing with her own.  We were beginning to really get the 
rhythmn when suddenly a man was yelling out in the store.
    "Oh my God!" cried Sally, and we jumped up, quickly adjusted our cloth-
ing, and ran out of the dressing room.
    There we found this bald-headed guy grabbing the 40 year old babe by 
the shoulder and yelling, "What the fuck is going on here?"
    "What s-ss--seems to be the pro-problem?" stammered Sally clearly 
flushed with sexual excitement.
    "The problem?"  the guy yelled.  "I come in here and find my wife, 
my wife, this woman (indicating Pat), this woman and and..."
    He didn't seem able to get it out for sputtering.
    "What were you doing?" I asked Pat calmly.
    "I was sucking her cunt," she replied, just as calmly.  "I had her bent 
over the counter and was eating her from behind.  It was quite nice, wasn't 
it?"  The woman almost said yes, but her old man was at it again, ranting 
and raving.  Just as I was wondering what we should do with him he stopped 
dead in his tracks.  I followed his gaze and there in the doorway to the 
back room stood Liz.  I've said before that Liz was a big broad, and now 
she had on this leather outfit just like the S&M types wear.  Spike-heeled 
boots, garter belt, black leather gloves and bra.  And a whip.
    "You!" she hissed.  "Shut your trap and get over here!"
    The guy was mesmerized.  He staggered over to her.
    "On your knees, pig!"  she growled, and the guy flopped down on his 
knees.  "Now crawl into the back room", and she waved the rest of us in too.
Inside she said, "Now scum.  You need to be punished, don't you?", and the 
guy nodded dumbly.  "Gunner here got Sally's cunt juice all over his nice 
big cock and I want you to clean it off."
    The guy shot me a look of fear.  I just scratched my head.
    Whack!  She hit him on the back with the whip, and the guy like to 
jump thru the roof.  He liked it tho, you could tell.
    "Crawl over to the Gunner," she said, and the guy did.
    "Undo his belt."  He did.
    "Pull down his zipper with your teeth."  He did.
    "Hmm," I thought.  "She's serious.  Am I gonna let this dweeb suck my 
dick?"
    Then I noticed his wife watching and she was way hot about the whole 
scene, as well as grooving on hubby's humiliation.  Well, who am I to dis-
appoint a lady?
    "Fish his dick out - carefully!"
    "Lick it clean!"
    "Now suck!"
    Geez, the guy wasn't half bad.  Of course it helps when you're enthused 
and he was that.  The shit probably always wanted to suck a big dick but was
too much of a weasel to just go do it.  He needed Liz and her whip to 
"force" him into it.  Liz had him take down his pants so she could give it 
to him on his bare ass.  The guy just ate it up, pun intended.  Meanwhile, 
Pat and his wife were going at it again.  The woman was bending over leaning 
on the back of a chair while Pat knelt behind her with her nose up her cunt 
licking her clit.  Jesus, Pat loves to eat cunt.  Sally was standing in the 
doorway keeping one eye on us and one on the store, and busily rubbing her 
crotch.  All in all, it was a fun time for everyone.  Then Liz whips out 
this big vibrator and stuffs it up her cunt so she's coming while she's 
whacking this guy.  After some of that she bends down and rams the vibe up 
the guy's ass.  Jesus, talk about instant deep throat!  The guy jumped 
forward which of course crammed my dick right down his throat.  At first,
he started choking and gagging, but then he caught the rhythm and opened 
his throat.  The worm was in seventh heaven.  Meat up both ends, and even 
if the meat up his ass was really plastic at least it had some great motion.
Between watching her old man and getting tongued by Pat the wife was into 
one long succession of orgasms.  Sally was having a few too, spazzing up 
against the door jamb.
    Then Liz decided the guy should sit up and masturbate while I schtupped
his wife.  Well now, that was a damned fine idea.  I'd wanted to fuck her 
back an hour or so ago in the store but hadn't been able to, so Pat scooted 
further under the woman and continued licking her clit while I fucked her 
from behind.  She had a nice cunt too, and it's great to fuck a woman who's 
just coming constantly.
    "OK, now," said Liz after a bit.  "Don't come yet Gunner.  We want to 
save it for Ol' Baldy here.  He's gonna swallow everything you got.  But 
first you need some more cunt juice on your cock.  Fuck Sally next, then Pat,
then me."
    Sally was so hot she didn't waste any time at all.  She whipped up her 
skirt and bent over the wife's back, reaching around and grabbing her lovely 
tits.  Her panties, of course, were history.  After Sally had a few orgasms, 
thanks partly to Pat doing things underneath her and the wife, she got back 
to watching the store and Pat took her place.  Pat, of course, came a ton, 
as she always does, then went back to Frenching the wife.  Liz was next.  
She bent over the guy, still moving the vibrator around in his ass, and I 
slipped it to her.
    "I don't know how much longer I can hold out," I told her as she hit 
him here and there with the butt of the whip.  Just then she came.  Always 
timely, that one.
    "Now," she said.  "Stick it back in his face."
    Well, he went right back to deep throating and groaning and licking and 
sucking like his life depended on it, and I wasn't going to hold out much 
longer.  That guy was getting to be a great cocksucker.
    Liz looked at me and said, "You may fire when ready Gunner."
    So I did.  And did.  And did.  I mean, I came a ton, and as I was I 
noticed I could see the guy's hard-on in this mirror and he was doing the 
damnedest thing.  Everytime I shot a wad, he swallowed it then shot one of 
his own.  No one was touching him, but he was coming just the same, and 
everytime I did.  It was like I was shooting come right thru him and out 
his dick.  It was totally weird.
    Well, when I finally ran out of sperm I leaned back against the wall and 
watched Liz knock the guy around some more.  His wife was shuddering and 
yelling, "Uh uh uh" over and over as Pat nearly had her head up the woman's 
cunt, and Sally was shivering up against the door jamb again.  I wrote my 
phone number on a piece of paper and gave it to the wife.  She smiled, got 
herself together, and said, "Come on Harvey, let's go home."  Harvey got up,
dressed sheepishly and slinked off without looking at me.  That's gratitude
for you.  The three of us grappled with Sally some, then said, Well, time 
to go, but we'll be back some time, and off we went.  Out in the parking lot
we realized we hadn't bought any new undies.
--
