Archive-name: Family/gh-pizz.txt
Archive-title: Greatheads Deliver the Pizza Boy, The


"OK," said Pat, her soft voice floating in from the dining room.  "Your
costume's ready!"
	"Mmm," I said, watching Liz run her lips around the knob of my cock.
Liz said nothing.  Pat came into the living room.
	"C'mon you guys," she said.  "Try it on."
	Liz started tickling my scrotum and deep throating me.  Up, down, 
up, down.
	"Uh, gee," I said.  "I'm a little busy at the moment."
	"Oh Gunner!  Don't act like you never get your rocks off, OK?
Besides, now's the perfect time to try it on - while you have a hard-on."
	Liz looked up at her sister and laughed.
	"When doesn't he have a hard-on?" she said, stroking my cock.
	"C'mon now," Pat whined.  "I've been working on this costume for days."
	"And it's best if I try it on while I'm hard, eh?  Sounds intriguing."
	Liz agreed, so we went into the dining room, she pulling me along by 
the dick.
	"Goddam Pat," I said.  "It's a fucking horse's costume!"
	"Fucking horse is right!" she laughed, and stuck her hand thru a big
fly she'd made in the bottom half.  "You're the back end you big stud, and 
Liz is the front.  Now both of you take off your clothes."
	Next thing you know I was standing in this ridiculous get-up and Pat
was pulling my weeny thru the fly.
	"Hmm," she said.  "Needs some stiffening."  And she knelt down and
picked up where her sister left off.  Liz, meanwhile, was looking pretty
sexy in a pretty weird way.  The horse's front came halfway down her waist
so it looked like Mr. Ed had suddenly grown some great legs and a well-
trimmed beaver.
	"Ahem," she said, after a few minutes of watching Pat suck me off.
	Pat jumped up.  "Sorry," she said, "let my mind wander a bit there."
Then she had us both bend over and made me stick my face in Liz's beautiful
butt.  As she buttoned us together I found I had two free hands and a tongue
and then my nose was up Liz's poop chute and my tongue was in her snatch and
my hands were here and there and Liz was groaning.
	"Boy," said Pat.  "Can't leave you two alone for a second.  Stop that!
Don't you know that's not how married folks act?"
	I couldn't see shit in there, no pun intended, but I could hear Pat
walking all around us.
	"Looks good," she said.  Then she grabbed my cock.  "Especially this
part."
	Then I was doing Liz and Pat was doing me.  After a while she said,
"Now for something I've always wanted to do - get fucked by a horse."
	Then she moved some chairs around and pushed Liz and me this way and
that, and then she wrapped her legs around my waste and shoved it home.  It
was wild.
	"Oooh," said Liz.  "I like that, Pat!"
	"What's up?" I moaned.
	"She's cut a hole between my legs and is doing my clit."
	Boy, that Pat.  Ingenious.
	Just then the door bell rang.
	"Oh shit!" said Pat, wriggling free.  "The pizza!"
	So there I stood, face in my wife's butt, cock sticking out of this
horsey costume, making Liz moan, while Pat answered the door.  At first there
were the usual pizza delivery sounds but then something about the silence
told me the delivery person had noticed us and was staring.  Something about
the silence and Pat's soft laughter, that is.  Then Pat said, "Thank you,"
and the door closed.
	"We'll warm the pizza up later," said Pat.  "Right now I have to get
my nut."  Then she started sucking me off again.  And man, she really went
after it too.
	"Wow," I said.  "You must be really hot, Pat."
	"Mmmm," she said.
	Then there was some rustling around and a hand was rubbing my cock
around a tight little ass.
	"I need this up my butt," Pat said, and zip!, in it went.  Then she
started really thrashing around.  We were all going at it pretty good.  I
had a coupla fingers on Liz's clit, my tongue in her soaking cunt, my nose
in her asshole, and my dick in Pat's ass.  I thought.  Then there was this
odd, sort of masculine, whining sound.  At first I didn't think much of it,
I was too hot myself.  I just thought, "Geez, never heard Pat make that 
sound before," and it kind of spurred me on.  But when it was followed by
very male grunting I froze.
	"What the fuck?"  I said.  Then Pat broke up.
	"Don't stop," she said, laughing.  "The pizza boy loves it you big
stud!"
	And that started Liz laughing, and her laughing while she was so 
turned on resulted in a big twitching orgasm, and I just love it when I make
a woman come.
	"What the fuck," I said, shrugging.  "Any port in a storm, eh?"  And
I fell back into stroke.
	"Oh God!" yelled the pizza boy.  "Oh God!  Fuck me you big horsy
sonuvabitch!  Ream my ass!"
	"Jesus," I said.  "Hey, pipe down willya?  How'm I gonna pretend 
you're Liza Minelli when you're yelling like that?"
	The two ladies laughed, the pizza boy just gurgled.  The little snot
was in pig heaven, pretending he was the eminent fag hag herself.  I was
losing my stroke though, until Liz suddenly flung her legs up over my 
shoulders, grabbed me around the waist and stuck her head down by my horsy
fly.
	"Turn him over," she said.  "Get his dick in here and I'll suck it."
	Well that started a bunch of jostling and muttering and Pat even
had to enlarge the fly but pretty soon the pizza boy's dick was poking 
through the same hole I was, but his was in Liz's mouth and mine was in his
ass.  Meantime, I had Liz's cunt right there under my nose so ...  Before
long we were all getting pretty serious about dumping a load and so apparent-
ly was Pat because she jumped on my back and started rubbing her bald little
cunt all over me yelling some shit about "Giddyup" and "Ride 'im cowboy!"
Then the pizza boy said, "Oh God, you people are craaazyyy" and his asshole
started twitching and Liz started drooling his come all over the place and
man, was that asshole twitching, I mean, jesus, it was having an orgasm of
its own and my old hammer was loving it.  That's one thing about a cock.  It
don't give a shit whether the hole is male or female, human or liver, or
nothing, just so the hole grabs it, pulls on it, sucks it, milks it.  And
that's exactly what this hole here was doing - milking.  I'd say it got about
a quart of non-pasteurized come before it stopped hopping and jerking around.
Anyway, I fell in a heap, I was pretty tired holding up Liz and having Pat
hanging on my back, so I don't know how we got it all untangled but by the
time I got the horse suit off the pizza boy was gone and it was dinner time.
--
