Archive-name: Family/gh-sexf.txt
Archive-title: Sex Flags Over the Greatheads


	So one bright sunshiny day we were off in the van to the local 
amusement park.  Liz drove, Pat rode shotgun, I sprawled in the back seat.
For easy access the girls wore short little sundresses with split-crotch 
panties, and I wore these baggy shorts.  Of course, the girls had their 
vibrators along and buzzed each other silly the whole way.  Once in a while,
Pat would climb into the back for some flagpole sitting.  They had a grand 
time driving truckers nuts and shocking the Sunday drivers.  We passed this
one family that was particularly funny.  Pat had her feet on the dashboard
and that look on her face as we passed them.  Mom was scandalized, but Dad
(driving) and Junior (in the back seat) couldn't see enough.  They'd pass us,
both male necks craning, then we'd pass them.  One time Pat showed them the 
vibrator, next time she mooned them, and finally she mooned them with the vibe
up her snatch.  The guys were in a heavy sweat and Mom was having kittens.
The last time they passed us she was slapping the shit out of Dad.
	After they pulled off we started with the chartered bus.  It was
full of high school sophomores, 15 and 16 year olds, also on their way to
the amusement park.  As we pulled up next to the last couple of windows
Liz propped her left leg up against the door and started rubbing her crotch.
The one boyface at the window quickly became half a dozen as Liz slowly inched 
her dress up over her bald beaver.  Right about then Pat figured it was time
to start squeezing Liz's thigh, and the bus damn near tipped over from all the
boys rushing to the left rear.  When Pat started rubbing Liz's clit between her 
thumb and forefinger Liz sighed and pulled in behind the bus.  The kids in the
back had a great view.  Liz undid her top and out popped those wondrous tits, 
as well as several pairs of teen-aged eyes.
	"Jesus!" I yelled as the car started spazzing out.  "Can't you cum
without killing us?"
	With Liz taken care of, Pat got her feet back up on the dashboard
for a return bout with Plastic Man, after which she decided the younguns needed 
a sex-ed demo, and got in back with me.
	"After all," she said whipping out Peter O'Toole, "we haven't given the
girls much to look at so far, have we?"
	And sure enough, there were a couple of girl-types gaping down at
the big salami as Pat stroked it.  Then she gave them a big grin and swallowed
the fucker.  I could almost hear the gasp in the bus.  After throating me
a bit she hoisted up her dress, faced the audience, and hid the salami.
Then we played "Now you see it, now you don't".  All God's Chillun, male and
female, were taking notes.  Pat told me to let her know when I was ready so she
could show them how it's done, and I timed it so we were approaching the
parking lot.  Pat hopped off and the kids gawped as my load ricocheted off
the car ceiling.
	"Wow," said Pat as she squeezed me dry.
	"Yeah," I said.  "Those little girls are pretty sexy.  Especially that
Oriental one."
	At the parking lot entrance booths the bus went one way and we went
another, but no sooner were we inside the park than a bunch of teenage boys
started yelling and waving at us.  So naturally Liz and Pat saunter over to
meet them.
	"So," says Liz.  "Who has the biggest pecker?"
	Laughing, giggling, finger pointing.
	"Fuck that," says Pat.  "Who can shoot the furthest?  That's what I want 
to know."
	"Yeah," says Liz.  "And last the longest?"
	"Shit," says Pat.  "Kids this age don't need to last long.  I bet
they can cum 4, 5 times in a row."
	This trash talking was making a big hit with the boys, but I was
looking around for those couple of girls who'd been so interested in my,
ahem, manhood.  Just as I spotted one, this blonde cheerleader-type, looking at
me from a ways off I noticed some chaperoney looking persons beginning to
eyeball Liz and Pat.
	"C'mon," I said, taking Liz by the arm.  "Let's blow this popstand."
	"But can't we spend some time with these nice young men?" she
asked, oh so demurely.
	"Okay," I said to the boys.  "See that chicken joint over there?
You can't see it from here, but there's a couple of rest rooms behind it.
We'll go over there now and get set up.  You guys come on in after your
keepers over there forget about us."
	I knew about this restroom from my last trip there.  The guy who
put it there must have been gay, because it was perfectly laid out for
hanky-panky.  Not only was it tucked away unseen, it had two sides, so most
people would just walk in, take a leak in the first urinal they saw and buzz
off.  Why go around to the other side?  Well, last time I was here, I
happened to see a pair of swishers going around to the other side.  Nudge
nudge, wink wink, say no more.
	I went in first to scout the place, then called to the girls when
I saw the main side was empty.  As we went around the other side, though,
damn if we didn't hear some mighty peculiar sounds coming from one of the
stalls.  With my finger to my lips I motioned the girls to look under the
door.  Two feet sitting at the pot, two standing facing it.  Hmm.  Quietly
we entered the stall on each side and stood on the john to look over the
partitions:  one guy standing there moaning with his hands in this other
guy's hair, his cock down the guy's throat.  The guy sitting and sucking
has hold of the other guy's butt and his thumb crammed up his ass.
	"Gee," says Liz across from me.  "We should have that cocksucker
over to give us lessons."
	Her voice galvanized the two fags, and out popped the dick, but its
owner must have been all set to cum anyway because he shot a wad right in
his buddy's eye.
	"Ow!" the guy yells.  "Watch where you're pointing that thing!"
	Squirt!  Another load for the other eye.
	"It's women!" the shooter yells.  Then he sees me.  "And a real
hunk!  Come on in here big boy and I'll show your girl friends how it's
done."
	"Oh yes," says the cocksucker after wiping his eyes.  "I'll bet
you're a monster."
	And damn if he don't start wanking off right there in front of us.
Shameless bastards.
	"Look," I said as I heard the boys arriving.  "We got a bunch of
teenage boys about to show up.  You two stay put in there, and don't be
bugging them or I'll knock the shit out of you."
	"Ooh," says the guy jerking off.  "You old meany."
	"Oh God," says the other.  "If that monster hits me I'll come all
over you again Stanley."
	I sighed.  What can you do?  The boys were here anyway, and Liz and
Pat had hopped off their john to be good little hostesses.  About a dozen of
the little turds, half of them already had their weenies out by the time I 
got out of my stall.
	"Oooh, Tommy!" squeeled Stanley from inside his stall.  "Look at
all the fresh meat!"
	"Okay," I announced.  "Keep down the noise or the park fuzz'll be
in here and no one will get their nut.  I'll go stand guard and make sure
trouble doesn't find it's way down this side."
	As I left to lurk near the door I saw the stall with Tommy and
Stanley open up.  Oh well, I figured, Pat and Liz can probably handle them
better than I can anyway.  They had the boys in a circle and were making
the rounds helping with the wanking and stooping down for a lick or two.
They didn't want to kneel on the floor though so they each took a stall
and the boys queued up.  Damn if some of them didn't line up at Stanley
and Tommy's stalls.  Pretty soon there was one helluva lot of cocksucking 
going on in that restroom, and everytime one of the little nippers was about
to dump a load his personal cocksucker, be it Liz or Pat or Stanley or Tommy,
would lead him out to a certain crack on the floor to finish him off by
hand.  Then they'd keep track of who shot the furthest wad and who shot
the biggest.  And no sooner had some kid creamed on the floor than he'd
get in some other line to start over again.  I tellya it gave new meaning
to the phrase "fountain of youth".
	After a bit I was getting tired of this shit and wanted to do some
rides, but couldn't see how to end it.  Bingo, right on cue, in walks this
big dumb park guard.  Holy shit.  He walks past without even noticing
me and just about soils his shorts.  Luckily, both Liz and Pat were in
their stalls right then and all he saw was Stanley, whom he chased into a
stall, me right behind him.  Just as he was about to grab Stanley I grabbed
him:  around the chest with one arm and through the crotch with the other.
I lifted the dirtbag up and turned him upside down.  Stanley split, along
with everybody else, and I plunged the guard's head into the john.  I was
beginning to enjoy myself as I stomped on the flush handle with my left
foot.  Nothing like giving some dufuss a swirly to lift my spirits.  Too
bad I didn't have time for a chocolate swirly though.  So then I dumped 
the spluttering bozo onto the deck and raced out to the door where I stopped
and rammed myself up against the wall.  In just seconds the sodden guard
galumphed up and grabbed me.  I looked at him, startled, then made sure he
saw me notice his uniform.
	"Ah,"  I said.  "I assume you are pursuing that oaf who just nearly ran
me down."
	"What?" he said.  Quick on the uptake, this one.
	"A big guy," I spelled it out for him.  "Just ran past me.  Knocked me
up against the wall.  He was with a curly-haired guy in blue shorts and a
pink shirt."
	That was what my friend Stanley was wearing.  Stanley was the fag he'd
seen you may recall.  Nice touch that.  It was the truthful detail that set
him off in wild pursuit, his head soaked in toilet water.  I found Liz and
Pat in line for the sky ride.  They giggled when they saw me, told me how
nice I was to have around.  They had this pimple-faced kid with them.
	"So who's this?" I asked.
	"This is Greg," said Liz.  "He still hasn't popped his wad, so we're 
gonna do him on the sky ride."
	"Great," I said, not very enthusiastically.  I didn't want to get tossed
out of the park before riding any coasters for God's sake.  But I like to
humor the girls.  After all, they're each one in a million, aren't they?  So
as soon as we're out of the station they got Greg's tubesteak out and Liz is
sitting next to the kid letting him feel her wondrous tits while Pat is down
on the floor out of sight sucking him off.  Shit, I was getting a bit stiff
myself.  When we reach the top Pat hops up and says the kid's about to spurt,
so they make him stand up and stick his dick over the side for the big event.
Liz reaches through his legs and tickles his balls while Pat wanks him off by
hand.  Some alcoholic hillbillies in the car approaching us are struck dumb,
and, squirt, there goes Greg onto the folks below.  Talk about hocking lugies.
This kid apparently hadn't come yet this year 'cause he dumped one helluva
load on the innocent bystanders below.  I saw one huge glob nail this old fat
broad on her bare shoulder.  She looked at her shoulder, then up at us, so I
waved, being the friendly type.  Damn if she didn't smile and scoop the cum 
up in her hand, then lick her hand clean.  Made me want to puke.  I mean, some
people!
	After we lost Greg we finally did some rides, which we managed without
attracting too much attention.  The only problem came when the girls got soaked
on this flume ride and their tits were so visible they might as well have taken
off their shirts.  Liz, of course, got most of the attention, with her world-
class knockers, but I noticed flat-chested Pat had her fans too.  At long last
we got to the coaster, the main reason I go to this park.  It was a classic old
woodie, built back in the 30's, not all that big but plenty wild.  It had a
nice setting too.  After it left the station it meandered off into the woods
and down a gully so there was actually some privacy.  Just a lap bar too, none
of those goddamn horse collars.  A real sweet ride.  Liz and I usually rode in 
the back seat where you get the wildest ride, and Pat would sit in the seat 
right in front of us.  Often, she rode alone but sometimes another single rider
would join her.  One time Liz decided to combine coasters and sex.  She'd gotten
horny again from eyeballing all the scantily-clad people and attracting so much
attention on the flume. So on the way up the lift this one time she starts rubbing 
her crotch and grinning at me.  Pat was right in front of her, and some guy about 
30 or so was in front of me.  Liz's giggling and sighing caused him to look back 
and I thought his eyes would pop right out of his head.  Just then we hit the drop 
and the guy's attention snapped back to the coaster.  Not for long though.  Liz 
kept it up the whole way to the turn-around, by which time she was having a really 
good time.  At first the guy just snuck peaks, but then he saw Pat looking back and 
grinning and he glanced quickly at me and saw I didn't mind, so in no time at all 
he was gawking with his tongue hanging out.  Going over a camelback I heard Pat say,
"Oh my!  Look at this!", and her hand dropped into the guy's lap.  We all got a 
little air time on that speed bump but that guy somehow got more than the rest of us. 
As we were pulling into the station Liz was growling and the guy was moaning.
	"Well," said I as we disembarked.  "Looks like we better go around again, eh?"
	"Yeah," said Liz.  "I didn't quite finish."
	The guy, meantime, was trying to walk in such a way as to hide his hard-on.
	"How 'bout you?" Pat asked him going out the exit.  "Wanna go around again?"
	"You got that right," he said.  "Let me just square it with my wife first."
	She was this dumpy type sitting on a bench.  She didn't seem pleased he 
wanted to go again, and she was even less pleased when she tumbled that he was with 
these two hot broads.  Fortunately the line wasn't very long.  Liz ground up against 
the metal railing and Pat brushed up against the guy's weenie as much as she could. 
I caught this young girl, a regular hot tamale, sneaking peaks at our shenanigans and
suddenly realized it was the cheerleader-type from the bus.  She looked even better 
up close and personal.  Very nice young athletic legs. When I smiled at her she turned 
beet red and looked away.  I noticed as we all boarded, however, that she snuck another
peak at the guy's boner.  We were barely out of the station before Pat and Liz were both 
at it.  I could tell by the back of the cheerleader's head she could hear them, and 
sure enough she leaned over to her boyfriend (cheerleaders always have boyfriends) and 
said something.  A few seconds later Mr. Nonchalant looks back and nearly chokes when 
he sees Pat's hands all over this guy's tentpole.  When we hit the drop the guy didn't 
know whether to shit or cream his jeans.  He let out something between a yowl and and a 
groan.  Liz's shriek, meanwhile, was pure sex, and gave the cheerleader and her beau 
goose bumps.  Really, I could see them.  At the bottom of the drop the beau's arm moved 
into the cheerleader's lap and she looked quickly at him, surprised by something. I 
can't imagine what.  By the turn-around there were three plenty hot people in the last 3 
seats of that train.  Liz was yelling her head off and thrashing around, the guy with
Pat was grunting and groaning, and the cheerleader's head hung down then rolled around 
in concentration.  Just as we hit the station Liz yelled, "Now!" and started bucking 
and whining and nearly crying, Pat's guy let out an "Aaaaarrrggh!" and came in his 
pants, and the cheerleader nearly hopped out of the car.  We all gave the coaster a big
hand as we pulled into the station.
	The cheerleader needed help walking and Pat's friend toddled back to his wife 
with bowlegs 'cause his shorts were full of cum, and Liz's panties were so wet I wanted
to throw them at the guy's wife to see if they'd stick to her face.
	"Gee," said Pat.  "That looked pretty good.  I think I'll try it."
	"Wait," said Liz.  "How 'bout if I do you?"
	"Great!  What about you Gunner?"
	"No sweat," I said.  "I'm getting off watching, and I don't think I need a wad 
of cold wet sperm in my shorts just yet."
	We all laughed as we watched the guy hobble off with his wife yakking at him. 
Well, for once, he had the last laugh.  This time Liz and Pat got in the back seat 
and I got in the seat in front of them.  I was joined by a very proper looking woman 
about 35 or so.  Real nice looking, just the librarian type.  Nice slim figure, 
good ass and legs, fine upstanding little tits.  I'd been scoping her out on the plat-
form and here she was.  As we pulled out of the station she waved to some guy, her 
husband I suppose, and who was standing next to the dude smiling at me, but good ol'
Stanley.  Hubby and Stanley looked quite friendly together, really pally-wallies.  At
the top of the lift I heard Pat say, "Mmmm."  I looked back and Liz had Pat's skirt up 
around her waist and was petting her bare thighs.  I faced forward and watched the
librarian out the corner of my eye.  She was trying not to look, but hey, it's not 
something you see every day is it?  At the bottom of the first drop Pat grunted a 
grunt of pure animal sex and I looked back to see Liz's middle finger jammed completely
up Pat's snatch and her palm grinding up against her clit.  You could see plenty of 
Pat-juice all over the seat.  I caught little Ms. Proper looking too.  Her ears turned
red as she quickly looked away.  On the turnaround, though, I caught her again.  This 
time she was looking sideways at my crotch.  I looked down and sure enough, my semi-hard
cock was pretty evident.  On the camelbacks back to the station, as Pat screamed and 
Liz kept saying, "Come on baby, come on", the woman started pushing her legs together
and squirming back and forth ever so little.  I fell in love on the spot.
	When we disembarked, I decided we had to follow the librarian, so off we went 
with that shithead Stanley smirking at me from time to time, and me making furious faces 
at him like I was gonna break his fucking jaw so he couldn't suck any cock for a while.  
His quarry completely ignored his wife, the faggot.  We ended up at this indoor hamburger
and hot dog joint that Stanley obviously knew all about, and he and hubby headed straight
for the head to get some head.  I guess that's why it's called the head, huh?  Ms.
Librarian got herself a Coke and parked it at a nearby table to wait.  Motioning Liz 
and Pat to take the table just across from her, I followed the boys into the pissoir.
Inside, I took a leak while Stanley did his thing in one of the stalls.  Back at the 
table I started telling Liz in a voice loud enough for the librarian to hear what was
going on in there.
	"Geez," I said.  "There's two guys in one of the stalls in there and I think
they're up to no good."
	"Ooh," said Liz cozying up.  "Tell me more."
	"Well," I said.  "One guy was saying 'Suck me you queer bastard.  Suck my 
big dick."
	Liz moaned and started rubbing my big dick through my shorts.  Pat positioned 
herself to obstruct the view from everyone but the librarian.
	"Yeah," I went on.  "Then he wanted the other guy to stick a finger up his ass."
	"No shit?" said Liz, squeezing me so that my cock was clearly outlined through
my shorts.  The librarian stared, then crossed her legs tightly.
	"I'm not making this up," I said.  "You should have heard the slurping!"
	"Mmmm," said Liz, pulling my shorts up so my peckerhead was exposed.  The two
tables were arranged so that the librarian was quite close to me, and she was the
only person there who could see under our table.  When she saw Mr. Happy swelling
up his big head she really started rocking that one leg.  She even ran her tongue
over her lips, unconsciously.  I damn near spurted right then and there, but I
didn't have the range yet.
	"Then the guy said, 'Suck me till I come in your mouth, then I want your hot
meat down my throat."
	"Oh yes," said Liz.  "I love enthusiasm."
	Pat's eyes were gleaming.  She's always enthused.
	I was enthused too.  Liz was squeezing and milking and the librarian was
rocking and squirming and I was sighting down the barrel.  What a pair of legs!
	"Next thing I heard was this grunting and the guy said, 'I'm coming!', and then
there was all this swallowing and choking."
	"Ooh," said Liz.  "Must have been quite a load."
	"That's what it was all right," I said, taking aim.  "Quite a load."
	And then ol' one-eye opened up and sprayed cum all down the librarian's leg.  She
immediately spazzed up and nearly knocked her table over.  Her legs locked tight to-
gether, and she doubled over at the waist jamming her right elbow into her crotch to sur-
reptitiously press against her clit.  That jarred the table and knocked over her Coke.  
She moaned, so I let rip with another blast and got her again.
	"Oh Gunner," said Liz.  "Such a mess!"
	Then she and Pat jumped up to help wipe off the librarian.  Liz took a napkin to
the cum on her leg while Pat held it out to be wiped.
	"Look what a nice leg," says Pat.
	"Yes," says Liz.  "How far up does it go?"
	"All the way," says Pat sliding her hand up to the woman's bush.
	"Oh my," she says pulling her hand back before the woman could react.  "Sopping wet."
	"Uh oh," says Liz to the babe.  "We better get you out to our van to get you 
cleaned up.
	The woman was startled, but game.  There was only one problem.
	"What about my husband?" she asked.
	"Not to worry," I said gallantly coming to the rescue.  I had just noticed my old
friend the guard go by, so I ran out and got him.
	"Hey," I said.  "Remember me?  One of those guys you're looking for is in that
men's room with some other guy.  I don't even want to guess what they're doing."
	So Liz, Pat, the librarian and I scooted out to the van just as the cavalry was
roaring into the men's room.  Poor Stanley, I thought.  He wasn't going to get out
of this one.  In the van, we ripped off the lady's clothes and licked every square
inch of her body, as well as quite a few inches that weren't square.  It was pretty
cool with the tinted windows.  There I'd be, stuffing the sausage into this babe's
poop-chute, all the while looking out the window at the unsuspecting passers-by.  
Saw quite a few other babes out there I'd love to do the nasty with, popped a load 
in fact over one black babe.  Sigh.  So many women, so little time.  By the time the 
three of us got done with Ms. Library she was almost comatose.  She just laid there, 
unable to move.  We figured we'd better take her home.  Hubby was undoubtedly in the 
hoosegow anyway.  She and I slept some until Liz woke us up giving us Greathead.  Then
I porked her one more time while Liz licked her clit, and we dumped her off at home.
All in all, it had been a fun day.  I'd had a lot of good rides.  Never saw that little
Oriental girl again though.  Pity, that.
--
