Archive-name: Amazon/gi-cunt.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Giantess: The Cunt


  The Cunt

    Kathy had a hobby.
    She had discovered a marvelous potion in an old book.
    A medicine to shrink men.
    To make them as small as she wanted.
    And she liked them very small.

    Kathy placed a couple of drops of superglue on the edge of the
  bathtub, then she pressed the naked body of the tiny man against
  the drops with her fingers, and held him for a few seconds, till
  he was stuck.  She had trapped and shrunk him earlier in the day.

    He was only two inches tall.
    She didn't know who he was.
    She didn't give a fuck.
    He was here to satisfy her gigantic lust, and her desire to
  wield power over a helpless miniature man.  She did not expect
  him to survive the experience.  She did not want him to. That was
  part of the rush.

    After a moment Kathy stood up, satisfied with the setting.
    Her tiny victim screamed and writhed most delightfully, and
  she closed her eyes and reveled for a moment in that shivery
  chill, that wonderful sense of wickedness, that lusty sensation
  in her gut.  That slow profound realization that she had a puny
  lilliputian at her untender mercy, and her growing desire to
  play with him.

    Stepping back so her little playmate could see her better, and
  opening her robe, Kathy revealed herself to her little man.  Looking
  down disdainfully over the awesome rondure of her mountainous
  breasts.  Cupping their warm flesh in her hands, as though measuring
  their weight against the fragile body of her two inch tall victim.
  Her blue eyes told him he didn't stand a chance.  When she reached
  down between her thighs, her hand came away drenched with her
  fragrent juices.

    She was ready.
    Very ready.
    She was horny.
    It was time for the execution.

    Kathy lifted her left leg, and stepped into the tub, positioning
  her mighty crotch over her tiny man.  His screams increased and
  she smiled with pleasure, then squatted down a little.  She peeled
  herself open for him, exposed to him her fantastic cunt in all it's
  aweful glory.  To show him how easily she could engulf him she
  plunged two fingers into herself and lolled them about, moaning
  huskily.  Slowly pulling them out, she lightly dabbed him with her
  cream, then lifted her fingers to her mouth and savored her own
  cum.

    By now her tiny toy's screams had crested, filled with pleadings
  for mercy.  Pouting her lips Kathy shook head slowly, then smiled
  wickedly.  Hands braced on the tub she lowered her ass down, using
  his terrified shrieks as a guide.

    Down.
    Down.
    Down....touch....silence.

    Looking between her legs, Kathy observed that her vulva entirely
  covered her little man.  She lifted a little, and his screams
  resumed.  So she sat back down again.  Up.  Scream.  Down.  Silence.
  She kissed his entire body with her hot moist nether lips.  Up
  again, and his screams were weaker, filled with choking, and Kathy
  noted with amusement that his tiny body was completely covered with
  her love juices.

    She watched more closely as she sat back down, to smother him
  again under her hairy monster, and saw with delight that he was
  trying to ward her vulva off with her puny arms.  Laughing at his
  insignificant efforts she pressed down slowly.  No gentle love
  kiss this time, Kathy pressed down until her labia splayed on
  the porcelain of the tub.  Then she rose up again.  He struggled
  in vain to free himself, struggled to get air, wailing for
  mercy.

    Kathy didn't care.
    She pressed down upon him again, rubbing her clit over his
  body, using him to masturbate herself like a tiny finger.
  Her juices flowed over him, lathering him, drowning him.  His
  cries grew weaker as Kathy lost her retraint and began to rub
  harder and harder.  Her hands gripped her heavy breasts, she
  pinched and pulled at her nipples, shook her head from side to
  side.  She began to moan, experiencing her giant lust, her giant
  power in every pore of her body.  She pussy whipped her little
  victim, began to anticipate the nearing proof of her female power.

    Welling up in her loins.
    She could feel her orgasm coming.
    The little man wasn't screaming anymore.
    With a liquid crunch, Kathy crushed the little man under her
  cunt.  The sudden warm rush of gore lubricated the tub and her
  vulva, instantly heightening the sensations.  Throwing her
  head back, Kathy screamed out her orgasm, while she roughly
  smeared the remains of her little sex toy over the tub rim,
  ripping it free of the glue.  Reaching between her legs she
  found his burst, limp little body with her fingers, and cruelly
  ground it into her clitoris.  Squeezing him till he squished
  and came apart in her fingers.

    She loved it.
    Her body sang with power.
    She lolled him about the mouth of her vagina while she settled
  down from her orgasm.  Raising her hand she examined the result
  of her lust.  His body was a squashed and ruined piece of meat.
  Kathy dropped it into the tub and placing her lovely barefoot on
  it crushed if further and ground it into paste.  Then stepping
  fully into the tub she squatted down.  After a moment she grunted
  and a powerful jet of golden piss crashed into the mess, washed
  the tub clean, floated the crushed remains of her unfortunate
  little lover down the drain.

    Kathy smiled.
    And drew the shower curtain.
    She wanted to clean off some, before doing it again...

  ...End...
--
