Archive-name: Amazon/gi-kathy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Kathy


  New giantess story, going the other way from the 'Janice' and
  'Sharon' stuff.  Domination and violence throughout, and gore
  at the end.  People with weak dispositions, sensible haircuts,
  and minors please hit 'n'.

  Folks who think the author should *not* be garroted to the
  tune of 'Nearer My God To Thee', may feel free to write to
  him at an30190@anon.penet.fi.

  Note to Archivers: could the following stories have their
  names modified to have a '.gts' extension.  I have had folks
  asking about how to locate the giantess stories.  They are:
  Janice, JaniceAndPam (or Janice2), Sharon and TheCunt (which
  also features Kathy).  Thanks in advance...



  Kathy: The Giantess Wife
  Scott Grildrig
  07-Aug-1993

    Crack!
    Kathy lifted a hand to her bruised cheek.  Her red hair tussled
    about her face, her blue eyes welling up with tears.

    Dinner lay strewn across the floor.
    Jeff, her husband, towered over her, his sour yeasty beer breath
  puffing into her face.  He raised his open hand.  With a sob Kathy
  spun and fled.  Jeff's unrelenting string of obscenities pursued 
  her up the stairs and into the bedroom.  Hurling herself across
  the bed, she burrowed into the pillows and covers, sought refuge
  in blessed silence.  But, muffled though it was, she heard the 
  noises downstairs.  Jeff laughing.  Jeff swearing.  Things breaking.
  But, mercifully, not the sound of heavy boots clumping up the stairs.
  She listened, barely breathing.  She heard him talking.  After a long
  while she heard the front door open and close, then the sound of a
  car driving away.

    It was just another day for Kathy.
    Jeff had owned her for years, dominated her, used her.  And while
  at her very core lived a last bastion of defiance, she had no power,
  no way to make her needs known.  She was young, in her mid-twenties,
  strong and hale in body, but suffering in spirit.  She didn't think
  she loved Jeff anymore, but she could not think what she would do
  without him.  Nor was her humilation confined just to her husband.
  Like a contagion it seemed to be all around her.  Only yesterday the
  new groundskeeper had exposed himself to her, as though he was
  something different, something she should desire.

    Well, she desired something, alright.
    A life on her own terms.  A power of her own to wield.  And end to
  misery.  Maybe even hope for retribution.  It wasn't much, but she
  had her dreams.


                            - = - = - = - = -


    Three days a week, Kathy worked at the village library.  It was
  humdrum, mindless, and quiet.  But she went about her job,
  examining new books, that were dropped off by the dozens every week.
  On this particular day, there was one tome that caught her attention
  immediately.  First, it was old, maybe not rare old, but old enough.
  It was bound in black leather, its pages were stiff and brittle, and
  it eminated that mustiness peculiar to long storage.

    Carefully, she opened it, and got her second surprise.  It was a
  recipe book.  A cookbook, of sorts.  No.  A book of potions.  She
  leafed through the pages.  There were balms for ailments, codials
  for stirring emotions, draughts for transformations.  Kathy stopped.
  Reading carefully she felt her heart fluttering  in her breast.  She
  read it three times, before she dared believe a word of it, then
  took the book to a nearby copier.  After that she stored the book
  away in a safe place, and left work early.

    She had some shopping to do...


                            - = - = - = - = -


    It took almost a week before she gathered all the ingredients,
  some of them were very hard to find.  And during that week her
  beatings became worse, almost as if Jeff sensed her new resolve.
  Kathy endured him, but the rage was building within her.  Everything
  was riding on this potion.  If it failed, she wasn't sure she could
  go on living...


                            - = - = - = - = -


    It was white opalescent liquid.  It shimmered prettily in the
  little crystal vial.  She had enough for scores of applications.
  But for Jeff, she only needed a drop.  He roared for beer.  Kathy 
  brought him some, smiling demurley.


                            - = - = - = - = -


    The transformation was swift.
    The big man drank down his beer noisely, belched and tossed the
  can aside.  She watched him closely.  He adjusted himself in the
  chair a few times, a puzzled expression played over his face.  When
  she saw him pluck at his clothes, his loose fitting, voluminous
  shirt, her heart sang within her.  Stepping in front of him, hands
  on her hips she looked him over.  Already he was smaller than she was.

    "What the fuck's going on?" he demanded.
    "Hmmmmmm?"
    "I said!  What the...oh god." he was down to about three feet tall,
  and the process was going full swing now.  Kathy watched him dwindle,
  smaller and smaller, his clothes rising around him like cotteny
  mountains.  His voice soared in pitch and faded in volume.  When the
  potion's effect was complete he was only a mere two inches tall,
  staring up in horrified astonishment at the smug satisfaction on
  Kathy's face.

    Jeff was a bug.
    It took a moment to fully sink in, for her to understand it.  The
  beatings, the fear, all were in the past.  The source of her misery
  was reduced to the size of her thumb and cowering before her
  colossal presence.  Kathy was suddenly filled with a passionate
  desire to stomp Jeff out of existance, to crush him and grind him
  into pulp.  She trembled with the force of the feeling, her hands
  clenching and unclenching.  But she fought it down.  The fear may
  have vanished, but the rage remained and demanded utterance.  She
  wanted revenge.  Jeff was going to last for a while before she gave
  into sweet temptation and squashed him.

    Bending her knees, Kathy reached for Jeff, hesitated.  He was
  screaming obscenities, waving his arms.  She completed her motion,
  wrapped her fingers around him, and picked him up like a small
  mouse.  He was naked, of course, and warm in her hand.  He writhed
  with insane strength, and she tightened her grip, so as not to drop
  him.  Then she carried him into the kitchen, sat down, and placed
  him on the table before her.

    Jeff took a punch at her fingers as she let him go.  It was
  amusing, that being to small he should dare to resist her.  Kathy
  chuckled and poked at him with her forefinger.  He swatted at it,
  it was like hitting a tree trunk.  She touched his tiny chest with
  the tip of her finger.  He backpedaled, windmilling his arms and sat
  down.  Kathy was resting her chin low to the table, cupped within 
  her left fist.  Her eyes were focused intently on her miniature
  husband.

    Still using only her forefinger, she pressed upon his chest,
  forced him to lay flat on the cold kitchen table.  His vitriolic
  language continued unabated, and she pushed down a little harder, 
  blasting the air from his chest.  His face was a study in horror,
  as he choked and gasped for air.  Kathy never took her eyes off of
  him.  Her tongue lolled over her great lips as she poked and prodded
  at him.  He fought back using his arms and legs, then curled up into
  a little ball.

    Kathy rolled him around a bit, but this was boring.
    "COME ON, JEFF UNROLL FOR ME."  But he ignored her.  "I'M NOT
  GONNA ASK YOU AGAIN, LITTLE MAN..." she warned, "OPEN UP.  NOW!!"
  and she smashed the table with her fist, causing the fruit basket
  on the table to jump.

    Jeff was on his feet in an instant, raw panic in his face, as he
  stared at her colossal fist, resting upon the table.  Kathy bared
  her teeth and smiled at him.  Raising her fist, which was the size
  of a small car to Jeff, she held it.  Held it.  Then smashed the
  table again, knocking Jeff aside with the impact.  Suddenly there
  was a tiny puddle on the table between Jeff's tiny legs, and he was
  trembling uncontrollably.  Laughing gaily, she gave him no time to
  recover, again and again she rocked the table with her fist.

    Jeff howled and ran, shrieking every time the table leapt under
  his feet.  Then suddenly he ran into a huge warm wall. It was
  Kathy's open palm.  She closed her fingers into an 'O' around his 
  tiny body, not holding him, but not letting him escape.  Reaching
  over him with her other hand, she rummaged in the fruit basket.
  After a moment's searching she lifted out a small tomato.

    Her eyes watched him intently as she raised it to her lips and
  nibbled at it with her teeth.  Then she wrapped her fingers around
  it, and laid her fist on the table beside her other hand.  Jeff
  could see the flesh of the tomato peeking through her gargantuan
  fingers.  He watched as she slowly closed her grip, her fingers
  tautening and tightening.  The tomato swelled under the pressure,
  resisted her strength, then burst and split with a splurching,
  squelching sound.  Kathy kept squeezing, the pulp and seeds oozed
  through her fingers, a red puddle formed under her hand.  She smiled
  at him and licked her lips.

    When she opened her hand, the smashed gooey remains of the tomato
  was stuck to her palm and fingers.  Jeff watched in moribund terror
  as Kathy raised her hand to her mouth and cleaned it with her
  tongue.  Her eyes stayed on him the entire time.  When she was done,
  she released him from her grasp.  Smiled sweetly at him and said.
    "WOULD YOU LIKE YOUR TURN, LITTLE MAN?"
    Jeff howled and collapsed into a heap.

    Kathy's eyes were bright and alive, she was enjoying her sport.
  The soul searing panic of her little husband filled her with a
  powerful desire.  She wanted him to suffer more, she wanted to 
  humiliate him, to hear him beg for mercy, just so she could deny
  it to him.  Lust welling up within her, Kathy began unbuttoning
  her blouse.  Jeff did not like what happening, and he began to wail.
  Kathy smiled, and slipped her blouse off, then she unhooked the
  clasp on the front of her bra, and spilled her breasts atop the
  table.

    She had nice breasts, big breasts.
    Kathy kneaded her tits and stroked her nipples, her arousal was
  patently obvious to Jeff.  She left no doubt in his mind what
  would happen were he caught between her huge tan breasts.  Reaching
  out with her hand, she made a cage around him with her fingers,
  then scooped him up.  Raising him over her open mouth she poked
  at him with her tongue, laughing at his panicky shrieks.  Then she
  placed him upon her right breast, astride her swollen nipple.

    He was a pleasant little weight upon her breast.  His legs
  gripped her nipple tightly enough to stimulate her.  Standing
  she raised her arms over her head.

    "HANG ON, LITTLE JEFF." she purred, and began to sway back and
  forth.  Jeff clung to her for dear life.  She watched him, laughed,
  and increased the vigor of her motions.  Her breasts swung back and
  forth, back and forth, until she caught the rythme and they began
  to jiggle wildly.  She gasped and moaned as Jeff clamped down with
  all his strength upon her nipple.  His howls of fear only fueled
  her desire to dominate him with her body.

    Suddenly he slipped and was flung away.
    Kathy's reaction was instinctive.  She snatched him out of the
  air, then checked to see if she had squashed him.  Jeff was dazed,
  but still unharmed.  She smiled and put him back on the table.

    Looking down she unbuttoned her skirt, and let it fall to the
  floor.  Her panties were pink and lacy, shaped nicely across the
  gentle bludge of her mons.  With a mischevious giggle she picked 
  Jeff up off the table, while with her other hand she pulled the
  elastic forward.  Pursing her lips she blew him a little kiss and
  dropped him inside, then let the elastic snap back against her hips.

    Jeff's tiny body made a delightful little bump against the front
  panel of the material.  She felt him shifting and wriggling in the
  lush tangle of her pubic hairs.  It was a delicious sensation, and 
  she looked down between her spread legs, watching him squirm against
  her crotch.

    Looking up she noticed that it was getting late.  So leaving Jeff
  in her panties she cleaned up a little and went to bed.  Lying
  there under the covers, she felt Jeff moving around more vigerously.  
  Her panties had bunched up a little, giving   him room to manuver.
  It didn't matter.  She closed her eyes, feeling safe, feeling
  powerful, and her dreams were filled with little Jeff's...


                            - = - = - = - = -


    Morning came...
    Kathy rose, and padded into the bathroom.  She was up early, and
  didn't have to be at the library for another two hours.  It wasn't
  until she started downstairs to get some coffee that she remembered
  Jeff.  Turning she started back towards the bedroom, he hadn't been
  in her panties when she went to the bathroom, so maybe he was still
  in the bed.

    Suddenly, she stopped.
    Through the open door, she saw Jeff struggling through the blue
  shag rug.  It was like a jungle to him.  But he was slowly making
  progress towards the nightstand.  Kathy immediately guessed what
  he intended.  The cord on the phone was long, and probably draped
  onto the floor.  He might be able to climb the cord and reach the
  phone, then move the handset and use the quick-dialer to call one
  of his buddies.  The fact that Jeff probably couldn't even move
  the handset never occured to Kathy.  She felt angry with him.  No.
  She felt good about feeling angry with him.  She wanted to hate
  him.  She wanted to dominate him.

    Kathy waited.
    It took him a considerable length of time for Jeff to reach the
  dangling cord and begin his climb.  But Kathy wanted to catch him
  'in the act'.  He was halfway up to the top when her patience gave 
  out.  Standing just where she could see him, she started stomping
  her feet, making it sound like she was coming down the hall.  The
  results were most gratifying.  Jeff looked like he was having a
  seizure.  He was in an absolute panic; too far down to reach the
  tabletop, too high up to jump.  He clung to the phone cord and
  watched fearfully as his titanic wife entered the bedroom.

    Kathy pretended not to notice him.
    She wanted to play with him a little, and she had an idea.
  Walking around the room, she opened drawers and selected her
  clothes for work, placing them on the bed next to the nightstand.
  Jeff was about a foot and a half up the cord.  Just right for her
  little game.  Removing her panties, she stood next to the
  nightstand, looking out the window.  Jeff had to bend his head
  back to look up at his colossal wife.  Kathy idly combed her
  fingers through her pussy hairs, one finger sought the moist warmth
  of her inner vulva.  She gave him quite a little show.  Then, as if
  remembering she had to go to work, she turned to the clothes laid
  across the bed and picked up a bra.  Feigning clumsiness she
  knocked a shoe onto the floor, it cooperated nicely by bouncing
  under the bed.

    Trying not to giggle, Kathy got down on all fours, presenting her
  formidable ass towards Jeff.  Then, carefully, she began to back up.
  Jeff didn't dare so much as squeak as her soft crotch closed in on
  him.  Kathy's butt pressed against the nightstand, she could feel
  the phonecord between her cheeks.  She pressed a little harder, and
  she could feel Jeff.  Stifling another giggle she wiggled her ass a
  little, then ended the game by saying "A-HA!" and finding her
  dropped shoe.

    She wasn't quite done, though, and going into the bathroom she
  surupticiously glanced back at Jeff.  He looked badly shaken, but
  was starting again to climb to the top of the table.  It was going 
  to take him a minute, so Kathy took a quick shower, then leaving
  the water running, checked up on Jeff again.

    She was impressed.
    Not only had he made it to the top, but he was trying to lever
  the handset off using his back.  It wobbled a bit but showed no
  sign of really moving.  Still, enough was enough.  It was time to
  let Jeff know that he was in trouble.  He was too intent on his
  efforts to notice her approach.

    She stood next to the table and cleared her throat.
    She saw him twitch.  He couldn't look up from under the handset,
  but he could look sideways, and see her enormous red haired mons,
  framed within her great hips.

    "FE-FI-FO-FUM, LITTLE JEFF." she chanted.  Reaching down Kathy
  grabbed the phone, and lifted it slowly, letting Jeff appreciate
  how much more stronger she was than him.  She tossed the phone
  onto the bed, and it made a ding! noise when it hit.  Then,
  placing a hand on either side of the nightstand, she leaned down,
  her breasts dangling over Jeff like two huge tan moons.

    "I HAVE A PROBLEM, JEFF." she said, "YOU'VE BEEN VERY NAUGHTY,
  SNEAKING AWAY AND TRYING TO CALL FOR HELP.  NOW I CAN'T DECIDE,
  SHOULD I CRUSH YOU UNDER MY BIG BEAUTIFUL BREASTS, OR GIVE YOU
  TO MY HAIRY CUNT?" and she dipped down, rolling her shoulders,
  making her tits bobble terrifyingly close to him.  "I'LL BET
  YOUR PUNY BODY COULDN'T EVEN HOLD UP ONE OF MY BOOBS." she
  sneered.  "YOU'D BE MASHED LIKE A BUG."  Kathy stood up, and
  pressed her hips forward.  "THAT MIGHT BE FUN.  BUT MY PUSSY
  WANTS YOU TOO." she rubbed her mons against the table, shaking
  it.  "DO YOU WANT TO FUCK ME, JEFF?  I HAVE A NEW POSITION TO
  SHARE WITH YOU THAT'S NOT IN ANY OF THE BOOKS." and she giggled.

    Jeff was not amused.
    He backed away from his gigantic wife, wondering if he should
  just jump, and end it all.

    Kathy watched him with laughing eyes.
    "YOU CAN'T DECIDE EITHER?" she asked, "TELL YOU WHAT.  I'LL FLIP
  YOU FOR IT.  YOU CAN SPEND THE DAY IN MY BRA OR PANTIES, AND
  TONIGHT I'LL DECIDE HOW TO PUNISH YOU."  and she reached out with
  her giant hand.  Jeff yelped and turned to run, but she easily
  nabbed him.  She pinched his hands together between her thumb and
  forefinger and lifted him over her mouth.  "HEADS IT'S MY BRA,
  TAILS IT'S MY PANTIES." she said.  Jeff howled in an extremity
  of terror as she lowered him into her mouth.  She closed her lips,
  shutting him in darkness.  Her tongue was a soft wet monster that
  surrounded him, pressing him against her great teeth.

    He screamed and gibbered in fear.
    Her head was tilting back, and he could sense, if not see the
  moist tunnel of her throat gaping beneath him.  He heard her draw
  breath, a great roaring noise.  There was a moment of silence, then
  a blast of air, fiercer than a hurrican propelled   him out of her
  mouth.  The room tumbled madly as he spun high into the air.
  Flailing his arms and legs, shrieking in terror he fell towards 
  the floor far, far below.

    Abruptly he landed.
    Not on the floor.
    Kathy's gigantic hands were cupped together.  He lay between her
  palms, his face buried against her skin.

    "TAILS IT IS." laughed Kathy...


                            - = - = - = - = -


    She sewed Jeff into her favorite powder blue panties,  just a
  few loops around his wrists and ankles.

    "I CAN'T HAVE YOU JUST GO WANDERING OFF." she explained.

    Jeff screamed a lot, which though she enjoyed it, would not go
  over well at the library.  She needed him quiet, so she gagged him
  with a tiny wad of cotten, held in place with a piece of silk
  thread wrapped around his head.  Then she lay him on the floor
  between her bare feet.  He stared up helplessly as she combed and
  teased her pubic hairs with her fingers, then she squatted a little
  and distended her vulva again so her inner lips poked out, pink and
  wet.

    Lifting her feet she placed them within the legging gaps in her
  panties.  Jeff looked very small between her lovely barefeet, and
  she wondered for a moment what it would feel like to step on him.
  Maybe later.  She bent over pulled her panties up, taking her time
  so Jeff could appreciate just how terribly long her legs were.
  And so he could watch the massive threat of her downy covered
  crotch descending upon him, getting closer and closer.

    With a little wiggle Kathy pulled her panties up onto her hips.
  Jeff felt warm and helpless against her vulva, and she tugged on
  the material until he was wedged between her lips.  Her huge vagina
  loomed over his insignificant cock, she was big enough to swallow
  his entire body.  Her clit radiated a cloying warmth near to his
  head.  The heat was terrific, and his sweat mingled with the rich,
  thick flood of her cunt juices.

    Kathy finished dressing, applied her makeup and drove to work.
  All the way in the car she squirmed as Jeff struggled between her
  thighs.  By the time she arrived she had regained some measure of
  composure.  But every so often, the shear hedonistic sensation,
  the sense of power, having Jeff trapped against her soft womanhood,
  was too much and she trembled in a mini-orgasm.  Once she ran to
  the restroom, shut herself in a stall, reached into her panties and
  masturbated furiously; the back of her hand banging against Jeff as
  she pumped her fingers in and out of her giant cunt.  Another time
  she went to take a piss, only slipping her panties aside, instead of 
  removing them.  The look of terror on Jeff's tiny face, as she
  gushed a golden stream nearly as thick as his waist, was so
  delicious that she stayed and massaged her clit in front of his tiny
  body till she climaxed.

    As the day wore on, the constant wetness of her pussy began to
  give her a definate 'air'.  So she left work early again.  All
  the way home she played with the buldge between her legs, pressing 
  Jeff's entire puny body into the clinging embrace of her gigantic
  vulva.  When she arrived home she removed her underwear and looked
  at him.

    Jeff was a mess.
    Coated in her love juices the entire day, he was caked in the
  stuff.  Going into the bedroom Kathy tossed her sewing kit onto
  the bed and rummaged through it.  A pair of needle point scissors
  looked good, and she carefully snipped the threads, then took him
  into bathroom and washed him off.  Looking out the window she saw
  the groundskeep working on the hedges behind the house.  It was
  the same jerk who had flashed her a day or two ago, and Kathy
  wondered if she could take vengence on him too.

    After Jeff was clean, Kathy dried him off with a hand towel,
  went into the bedroom and carelessly tossed him onto the bed.
  Seeing that guy outside had really bothered her.

    "JEFF," she said, as she removed the rest of her work clothes.
  "I HAVE DECIDED THAT WE SHOULD GET A DIVORCE."  She wandered
  naked over to the bed and looked down at her two inch tall
  husband.  "AFTER ALL, YOU'RE NOT GOING TO BE A VERY GOOD PROVIDER,
  ANYMORE.  AND YOU'RE NOT EVEN BIG ENOUGH TO MAKE A GOOD DILDO."
  She crossed her arms over her breasts and walked over to the window.
  "BESIDES, I'M THINKING ABOUT SEEING OTHER MEN."  She laughed, "WOULD
  YOU LIKE THAT, JEFF?  YOU COULD HAVE ANOTHER LITTLE FRIEND.  I COULD 
  PUT YOU BOTH IN MY PANTIES, AND YOU COULD TAKE TURNS PLEASING ME."  
  she turned and stepped up to the bed.  "WHAT DO YOU THINK?"

    Jeff shouted something.
    "SORRY, DEAR, I DIDN'T CATCH THAT."
    He yelled again.
    "NOPE." said Kathy, "I GUESS I NEED YOU CLOSER TO HEAR YOU." and
  she reached out for Jeff with her right hand.  Just before she was
  about to scoop him up, something silver flashed, and Jeff leapt
  forward and sank a sewing needle into Kathy's finger.  With a
  startled yelp, she drew her hand back, yanking the needle out of
  his grasp.  She plucked the needle from her finger and sucked on
  it staring at Jeff darkly.

    Reaching out she picked up the rest of the sewing kit and set
  it on the nightstand.  Then she turned back towards Jeff, looming
  over him like an angry mountain.

    "THAT'S IT, ASSHOLE." she said ominously.  "I WAS GOING TO LET
  YOU LAST FOR A WHILE.  A LONG WHILE.  NOW YOU'RE GONNA DIE." and
  reaching out she grabbed him in her hand, held him close to her
  face.  Her hot breath washed over him.  "WE'RE NOT MARRIED
  ANYMORE." she snarled, "YOU'RE NOT EVEN A MAN.  YOU'RE A RUNT. A
  TIDBIT FOR MY CUNT.  I'M GOING USE YOU AND THROW YOU AWAY." his
  wails of terror thrilled her.

    "TIME TO CONSUMMATE THE DIVORCE, LOVER." growled Kathy, and
  squatting on her heels, she pressed him deep into her moist
  vulva.  Her powerful vagina engulfed him with a luscious slurping
  sound, and she drew him all the way into her cavernous depths.
  Closing her eyes she luxeriated in her absolute domination of
  Jeff.  She surrounded him with herself, owned him.  No longer
  restrained by her desire to make him last, she exercised her
  cunt upon him, squeezing him within her body.  He struggled
  nicely within her, but she wanted to feel him squish inside of
  her, and she knew how she wanted to do it.

    Kathy flipped open her jewelry box and took out a necklace, that
  she had recently purchased.  Still naked, she went downstairs into
  the kitchen and poured a couple drops of her potion into the small
  tear-shaped vial that adorned the necklace.  Then she hung the
  delicate gold filagree around her neck, with the vial nestled
  between her big breasts.  She stopped a moment and savored Jeff's 
  tiny body, squirming frantically inside of her cunt.  She sensed
  that she had to be quick, or he would just smother in there.  So
  she hurried to the back door, and when she was sure the groundskeep
  was looking her way, stepped out naked onto the patio.

    The man stared at her as she proudly strutted towards the
  railing, her great breasts swaying in time with her hips.  Turning
  around towards the house she lazily sauntered backed, stopped in the 
  doorway, and glancing over her shoulder nailed him with her blue
  eyes.

    He must have run, because it was only a scant moment after she
  was inside, that he was scratching at the door.  Kathy wasted no
  time.  She shushed his excited talking and helped him take off 
  his jeans, he was not wearing a shirt.  Once he was stripped she
  pushed him onto the floor and straddled him.  She told him to lie
  absolutely still, to let her do everything, or she'd send him out 
  and find someone else to satisfy her.  He agreed without resistance.
  He was more than ready for her.  Kathy reached betwen her legs and
  lolled the head of his penis over her vulva, smearing it with her
  cum.  Then, placing her hands on her hips, she slowly sank down
  upon his shaft.

    She felt Jeff.
    The huge cock entering her, ploughed him aside, pinning him
  between it and her vaginal wall.  Before the man could realize
  that something was in there, Kathy began to pump.  Up and down.
  Up and down.  She could feel Jeff's howls of terror vibrating
  within her.  Kneading her breasts with her hands she increased
  the tempo, rotating her pelvis so the cock within her squeezed Jeff 
  against her cunt.  She felt herself beginning to labor with the
  first waves of her orgasm.  It was time to finish her ex-husband.
  Rising onto her knees a little she took a few longer strokes.  Her 
  lover moaned, and reaching up with his hands started to fondle her.
  Kathy growled at him, but endured it.  She had managed to get Jeff
  pushed in far enough, so that he was jammed up against her cervix.

    As the first orgasm hit her, she sat down -- hard.
    Jeff was squished between her cervix and the huge cock.  She felt
  it, she loved it.  She humped wildly, mashing Jeff in her sexual
  frenzy, crushing him, reducing him to pulp.  Her oragasm were sweet
  and powerful and she shouted out her pleasure.  The groundskeep
  shouted too and she felt him spasm and fill her with hot cum.
  Kathy laughed, shuddered with another orgasm, then started the long
  pleasurable descent. Pressing down she wiggled her hips, lazily
  grinding Jeff's gooey pulpy remains between her and the man's penis.

    She felt wonderful.
    She had taken her full grown husband, shrunk him, humiliated him
  and finally eradicated him, using only her lovely body.  It was a
  wonderful sensation.  She had lived in fear for so long, that the
  release from it was like a drug.  She had to have more.  She had to
  recreate that awful sense of power, that her body could command
  over a so tiny a man.

    The man under her was relaxed, comfortable.  But he was a jerk.
  She knew that once he got out of here, and he would leave a
  quickly as possible, that he would share the details of his good
  fortune with his friends.  She didn't like that thought.

    Lifting the necklace from her neck, she opened the vial, leaned
  forward and touched a finger to his lips.  He smiled and opened
  his mouth, and Kathy upturned the vial and let a single drop fall 
  onto his tongue.

    His eyes snapped open, and he stared at her.
    Kathy was staring back, grinning wickedly.
    He felt strange...

    Kathy lolled her tongue over her lips, watching as he began to
  shrink.  He didn't start struggling until he was about three feet
  tall.  She easily held him between her strong thighs, laughed at
  his futile wrigglings.  He grew smaller and smaller, her body
  rising up before him like a soft tan mountain.  Everthing
  diminished towards his center, so he was almost directly under her
  wet glistening pussy.  He could not believe that only moments
  before he had been having sex with this colossal woman.  He could
  see his cum oozing from her cunt, mingled with her our juices.

    Then he saw it.
    A man's body.
    A tiny body, his size, cruelly mangled, poking out of this
  giantess' cunt.

    High overhead, Kathy looked down at her next victim, guessed
  what he had seen and chuckled.  The power lust was on her again.
  She wanted to hear tiny screams, tiny pleadings for mercy.  She 
  wanted to feel him writh under her gigantic body, and crunch at
  her pleasure.

    Looking down at him, Kathy caught his eyes with hers.
    She nibbled at her lower lip, giggled and said:  "WHO'S NEXT?"

    The little man began screaming...

  ...End...
--
