Susan sat in her bedroom with her best friend Helen, both seventeen. They 
were discussing a porno movie that they has watched round at their friend 
David's place the previous evening.  

"Jesus Susan, that guy's dick. Can you imagine that in you for christ's 
sake!"

They both laughed.

"And that kinky stuff....absolutely weird.  You know, when the woman pissed 
into the guy's mouth?" added Susan

They fell silent for a few moments.  The girls looked at each other and 
smiled.  

Susan broke the silence, "Speaking of which I need to take a leak".  She 
stood up and headed for the bathroom. She was fair haired and slim but 
nicely proportioned, not skinny. Helen stood and grabbed Susan by the arm. 

"Hang on Susan, ... err I ....."

"Yes?"

"You know what I'm going to say don't you"

"Maybe...what is it?"

"Well, that pissing scene in the movie...I thought...I thought.."

"You thought it was the best scene in it didn't you Helen?"

"Well..."

"Ok OK....don't be bashful. So did I!"

Helen, slightly shorter than Susan with lovely long red hair and freckles,
paused and then spoke 

"Really... you did?  Oh thank god for that! The way the woman spread her 
lips and the camera really close up on that gush of pee!"

"Well...want to watch?", asked Helen.

"You bet...let's go!"

In the bathroom Helen lifted up her skirt and straddled the toilet bowl. 
With one hand she pulled aside the crotch of her panties.  Helen's inner
pussylips were large and protruding. The covering of hair around her pussy 
was minimal.

"Can I put a finger in Susan?"

Helen just smiled her consent 

So, Susan ran one finger along Helen's slit, parting those pink labia with 
the tip of her finger.  Helen was getting very wet. Susan used the other 
hand, thumb and finger either side of Helen's cunt opening to spread the 
lips and make easy access.  In slide her finger right up to the last 
knuckle joint.  Helen moaned with delight as Susan slowly finger fucked 
her, in and out in and out.  There was now a strong musky smell of sex that 
both girls were picking up.  

"I've got to ...mmmmm yes...got to let it go now!" With those words Helen 
let loose her pee.  A huge gush that splashed over Susan's hand and ran 
over it both into the toilet and down her arm.

"Yeahh!!!!" cried Susan.

The stream kept coming for almost a whole minute.  The last bit being 
expelled on short pushes from Helen, a slight grunt accompanying each one.

When all had been expelled, Susan, without prompting, licked voraciously at
Helen's pussy, tasting the salty mix of piss and juices with delight.

Helen adjusted her panties back into place and moved off the toilet.  "I 
think it's your turn now isn't it?"

Susan looked a little embarrassed.  "Well, trouble is, I don't need to pee"

"Oh come on!! That's not fair!"

"But...I...well I can't say it really"

"Go on!..jesus, how long have we known each other for goodness sake?"

"Well,, I don't want a pee.... but I'm desperate for a poo"

Helen smiled broadly and Susan began to giggle uncontrolably.  "Oh Helen,"
she managed to get out between giggles, "it just really turns me on to 
think of you watching me do that dirty thing.  That private thing"

"Then let's go for it!"

Susan pulled down her panties from under her skirt and moved round to sit 
on the toilet.

"No..hang on Sue, I've got a better idea."

Helen retrieved a white plastic bowl from one of the cupboards in the 
bathroom and place right in the middle of the floor.

"That will give me a better view!"

So, lifting her skirt, Susan straddled the bowl, squatting down on her 
haunches, her arse hole fully exposed as she pulled apart her bum cheeks 
with her hands.  her cunt too was beginning to gape and was glistening with 
her natural lubricants.

Helen lay down on the floor, behind Susan, on her front with her head 
lifted up to take in the view to the best possible advantage.

Susan grunted and pushed.  Each heave caused her dark ring to bulge out.  
On about the fourth push her anus opened a little and on the next the dark 
brown tip of a turd peeked out.

"That's the way my girl.. her she comes!"

Another push and the view was magnificent!  A firm and broad girthed 
monster of a shit was now protruding.  "Oh Susan, your telling me you were 
desperate", said Helen, "it's a beauty!"

By now Susan had a good seven inch stick of poo heading from her bum hole 
into the bowl.  It's own weight caused it to break off at shit hole level 
and drop into the bowl.

Helen couldn't resist.  She crouched behind Susan and pressed the index 
finger of her right hand against Susan's shit hole.  

"Oh..oh....yes..please!" gasped Susan.

Helen's finger made it's way into Susan's rectum.  Soon it was fully 
buried.

"I've not insulted you like this before Susan...but you are full of shit!"

********************

*** So, there was Susan, hunkered down over the white bowl while Helen had 
one finger firmly up Susan's dirt box.  

"God Susan, you've dropped a monster job in the bowl but you are still very 
full up here!"

Susan was pushing and pressing against Helen's inserted finger.

"Mmmnnnnnn...ugh...I know  nnnn Helen...nnn!  This...is...lovely!"

Helen gyrated her finger up in Susan's hole and hooked out a good sized 
lump which plopped into the bowl.

Helen said, most urgent tones, "I want to do one, I WANT TO DO ONE!"

Susan arose and said..."Ok, ok", while reaching down and around between her 
thighs to poke and rub at her shitty hole. "But I am going to arrange a 
little assistance!"

"What do you mean ?"

"You'll see!"

Susan went over to the bathroom cabinet and brought out a long plastic 
nozzle with a large rubber bulb at one end. Meanwhile, Helen stood astride 
the shit filled white bowl and, parting her cunt lips with both hands, 
aimed a fulsome jet of golden piss into it.

"You must have been practising!", teased Susan while she filled the nozzle 
device with warm water from the washbasin.

"Now my girl...down on all fours please! Come on! Doggy style!" ordered 
Susan.

Helen obeyed, making sure her skirt was lifted well up exposing her bum,
cheeks held apart with her own hands.

Susan knelt down behind Helen and brought the tip of the nozzle up to 
Helen's wrinkled little nut-brown bum hole.  She inserted the tip and 
pushed about an inch length in.

"Oooo---ow....mm yes, that's good"

Susan squeezed the bulb of the nozzle device and Helen sqealed with delight 
as she felt the warm gush of water rushing into her rectum.

"Now hold it in Helen while I get a refill"

Susan withdrew the nozzle slowly and once removed a slight dribble of water 
trickled from Helen's hole and into the already shitty bowl that Susan had 
positioned under Helen.

In went the nozzle again and Susan squeezed the bulb.  

"Oh God!  My insides are fit to burst!  I'll never hold it!"

But she did, and she continued to hold it for two more fill ups of the 
device.

"Now Helen, how do you feel?"

"Ooooo Oh ... so so so SO full.  I've got to let it go. I MUST.  I have to
push and let it go!"

Susan quickly grabbed the bowl and held it up under Helen's bum as the 
pushing began.  With the first grunting heave a very powerful jet of water 
ejected from Helen's hole into the bowl.  The noise was like a fire hose 
water jet hitting a wall! 

There were three or four more bursts like that, of clear water.  But with 
the next, the jetting stream started to turn slightly brown.

"Ahhh...I think Helen, we are in business!  Keep pushing!"

And that is what Helen did.  With the next big heave, "NNNnnnnn...grnnnn",
half a dozen little pellets of shiny wet shit exploded like machine gun 
fire into the bowl, then another jet of now dark brown liquid.  And then 
the master piece!  A long long wet turd started to snake out of Helen's 
shit hole.  

"Wow Helen, is it ever going to stop.?  My God... you should see this!"

As the poo continued to snake out of her, Helen moved and positioned 
herself in a squat over the bowl so she could peer down between her own 
thighs.

Both girls giggled loudly.

When Helen was done she and Susan looked into the bowl, then at each other,
giggled some more and began to kiss a deep French kiss.  Susan whispered 
into Helen's ear "I think we ought to clean each other up, yeh?"  Ther
was no need to say more as Helen smiled and the two girls lay down head to 
cunt in the godd old 69 position.  With a little shifting of legs amidst 
much laughing, each girl was tonguing the clit of the other like crazy.  
Helen moved her tongue around to rim Susan's shitty bum hole.  Probing and 
poking while frigging Susan's clit with one hand.  Susan likewise was 
working at Helen's wet and stinky bum hole and cunt as both girls tensed 
and shook and cried out in wonderful orgasm.

******************* 

So, there the girls were.  Susan sitting on the floor against the sofa
with here panties completely full and stretched be the load she had
pushed out.  Helen was revelling in the sight of what Sue had done in her 
panties, as was Anne, who was driving Susan to the brink of orgasm by
finger fucking Susan's shitty bum hole.

Susan stood up. 

"Right you two! I seem to have done something in my panties.  Entirely
by accident of course!  I think you should both stop what you are
doing, you dirty bitches, and clean me up! Follow me."

Helen and Anne trailed behind Susan into the bathroom.  All three girls,
once in the bathroom and under instruction from Susan, stripped off,
Susan and Anne down to their panties and Helen naked.

Susan spoke, "Right! Clearing up this vinyl flooring will be a bit 
easier than the carpet in the other room won't it?!"   

After that observation Susan instructed Helen to help her off with her
panties.  

"Come on Helen.  Get them off me."

Helen knelt down behind Susan and started to peel down the heavily loaded
underwear.  Finally, Susan stepped out of them.  Most of the crap
had stayed in the panties but Susan's arse was well caked up with poo.
Susan lay face down on the floor.  

"I think that a little shower with some of your 'natural spring 
water' is needed here."

Anne and Helen laughed and stood astride Susan, over her bum, facing each
other.  Anne pulled the crotch of her panties to one side and
parted the lips of her cunt with the other while Helen used both hands
to open up her pussy lips.  Both girls let loose almost simultaneously.
They gyrated their hips and use hands to direct streams of hot piss
onto Susans shit covered arse. Pieces slid off onto the floor, now
swimming with piss.   Soon both the peeing young ladies had dripped their 
last drop and the moved as Susan stood up.  Streams of shitty yellow piss
ran down her legs.  She went over to  cabinet and retrieved something that
had the other two girls in fits of giggles.  It was a pink strap-on
dildo, a good ten inches long and enormous girth.  Susan strapped it on.

"Now who's in for a good time with my pal Dicky eh ?.  I think it 
should be you Anne.  Take off those panties and get down on your back 
and you Helen, get to her head end and pull her legs back over her shoulders.  
Well parted mind you!"

Anne and Helen obeyed and soon Anne's cunt and bum hole were fully exposed
and vulnerable.  Susan knelt down between Anne's legs.  She pushed the 
massive head of the dildo against Anne's cunt opening, which was running wet 
with piss and juices.  Anne used her hands to reach dowm and try to make her
cunny gape wider to admit the beast.  Susan pushed and Anne's pussy yielded.
Soon a seven inch length of the dildo was buried in Anne and Susan began to
thrust in and out.  With each inward push the dildo would enter a little 
further.

"Fuck me fuck me fuck my stinking cunt hole you shit smelling fucker!"

Soon Susan was thrusting the full length of the plastic dick in and out.

In breathless panting voice, Susan commanded Helen.  "Get straddled over
her...[thrust!]  face. I seem to remember..[thrust!]. that...she left 
you with ...[thrust!] a shitty arse. She...[thrust!]...better...[thrust!]
...lick you clean!"

Still holding onto Anne's legs Helen shuffled forward and got into a full
squatting position over Anne's mouth and could soon feel the tip of 
Annes tongue probing her bum hole. Anne licked and lapped all around the
stinky brown-smaeared hole.  As she did so, there was a slight pulsing
and bulging of Helen's   bum hole.

She warned  Anne, "Well my sweety, that finger up the ass routine you gave
me has made me need to, well.. you'll soon get the idea!"

Anne was delerious with delight at the fucking she was getting from Susan
and didn't really take in what Helen had said.  Her eyes gaped with 
shear disbelief as she saw Helens bum hole start to gape..wider, wider.
Then the nose of a a poo stick like Anne had never seen peeked out of
that dark gaping hole.

"Unnnnnnnnnnnn.......phewmnnnnnnnnn...ugggghhhhhhnnnnnnn God! This
hurts it's so big"

Indeed.  The turd now creeping out under the pressure of huge heaving
pushes from  Helen was of dimensions easily matching those of the
dildo... certainly broader in girth, the length yet to be fully
ascertained!

Anne opened her mouth to receive this giant.  Out it krept.  Anne brought a 
hand up to Helen's stretched anus, tracing around its edge with the finger
tip, all around the base of the extending poo.  

Susan was still fucking away with the dildo. "Take that in your mouth,
and...[thrust!] this in...[thrust!]... your...[thrust!...cunt"

The end of the shit finally emerged and Anne grabbed the turd as one
might grab a stiff cock to wank it off.  She pulled it out of her mouth
but keeping her lips tightly around it. Leaving her lips chocolate brown. 
She remained lying on the floor and lay the ten inch turd, remarkably smooth 
fat and solid, lengthways between her breasts.  Susan immediately fell 
forwards to lay on top of Anne,  still fucking Anne.  The turd squashed 
between the two girls and Susan gave  Anne a deep open mouthed kiss, 
tasting Annes shitty lips and tongue.

Helen moved round behind the two of them and furiously frigged her
own pussy with one hand and stuck a finger up Susan's bucking backside.
All three were gasping and building towards orgasm.  The stinking shit
was spread well between Anne and Susan's breasts.  Helen now had three
fingers worked into Susan's shit hole and almost all her own other hand up
her own pussy.   The stink of piss and shit filled the place as all three  
girls  built to screaming orgasm.
