                                       Giftwrapped    
                                            by Ny


Dave wearily dragged himself back to his room, his blue-green eyes
bloodshot. Even his shower had failed to refresh him.What a heckuva way to
spend his twenty-third birthday, he thought as he brushed down his auburn
waves with his hand. Lonely, broke, and overworked. He was still catching
up on the homework he'd missed during the dorm play----

Thinking of the play reminded Dave of Cari. He hadn't seen her since the
night of the cast party. He paused at the door to lean his tall, sturdy
frame against it, thinking of her, tiny and round, 4'11" and 200 pounds,
with her honey-brown skin and wide-set bottomless eyes, her lush headful
of dark curls and her earth-goddess figure. The thought of her with her
hands on her wide little hips, asking to talk to him as if he wouldn't
think of refusing her anything, warmed him so that he barely noticed how
drafty standing in damp boxers was. But, then, he thought of why he had
refused her offer that night, and why he hadn't told her to forget about
him long before that night, and his face twisted with embarrassment and
annoyance. 

It was her weight. Not that he found her too plump for his taste; on the
other hand, he desired her even more for her figure. She was gorgeously
fat. Lush and rounded and warm and soft. He lusted after her plumpness; he
desired her every curve. He wanted her because she was fat; he didn't
trust his desire. How could he want her for anything other than herself?
She was very young, too easy to hurt. Furthermore, how could he want her
for _that_? So, he let her be, he never took her obvious, if unspoken,
offer. Yet, he could not bring himself to let her go completely, and hated
himself for resorting to hints when he should speak plainly once and for
all. 

Dave drew a deep sigh. Cari was a sensible girl, and would eventually stop
chasing him; if worst came to worst, he _was_ graduating in a couple of
months. He tried to make himself hope fervently that she found a guy in
her class to throw herself after before then. 

Thus barely motivated, Dave dragged himself into his room and pulled the
closet door open----

To see Cari.

Cari tied up.

His mouth fell open as he took in the sight of her, kneeling with her head
down, her wrists bound with cotton rope so white it glowed against her
rich, dark skin; her body wound about with rope like a cocoon, or a
spider's web, so much so that he could barely see the flimsy white
clothing she wore; rope looped about her thighs, her knees, spiralling
around her lushly padded tummy and into the soft folds of her flesh; rope
wound individually round each of her barely-draped breasts, holding each
up and out to its own angle, the nipples poking out; rope wound around her
arms, like cord bracelets. He stared at her, kneeling among his shirts and
jeans, her tumbled curls falling unbound about her face and shoulders.
And, to his shock and dismay, he found himself getting very, very hard. 

As Dave struggled desperately to keep himself detumescent, Cari slowly
lifted her head, to shock him with the grin on her moon-shaped face. "Hi,"
she said, as if she were greeting him in a hallway. "Happy Birthday." 

Dave finally found his voice. "Wha---who----why are you in my closet tied
up?" 

"Oh, this?" she said innocently, looking around at herself. "Giftwrap."

Dave snorted, beginning to be annoyed with his growing erection and with
Cari, its feckless cause. "You had this done to yourself?"When she nodded,
he snorted again. "What am I going to do with you?" 

"You _could_ untie me."

He rolled his eyes, trying to fend off the surge of lust that threatened
to knock all sense out of his head. This was more than persistent, worse
than kinky, he told himself. "I was _joking_ when I said that I wanted a
girl for my birthday," he said with exasperation. "_And_ half drunk."

"Then why did you say that to me?" Cari responded, unperturbed. She took a
deep breath, and Dave saw her breasts rise outwards a little because of
their bonds, saw the pointy little nipples strain a little harder against
the cloth, and felt another surge of lust sweep through him from the pit
of his stomach to his swimming head; clenching his fists to control
himself, he threateningly said, "I should put you in the hallway like
that."  Cari merely looked up at him, with that "I don't think so" look of
hers, her lush, plump lips set in a sensible line. Dave let out a
longsuffering sigh and bent down to pick her up. 

He found, to his surprise, that her thighs had not been tied to her
calves; the way she was kneeling, it looked like they had. He scooped her
up, staggering slightly under her weight, and felt the ropes press into
his arms, felt the warmth of her body, her soft skin and hair against the
bare skin of his arms and chest. She didn't loop her arms over his
neck----well, she couldn't do that, the way they were tied, loops of rope
joining them across her back---- nor even look at him, but sat proudly in
his arms like a young queen. 

Like a goddess in her power.

Mentally shoving away his arousal, Dave laid Cari gently down on the bed,
putting her legs down first so she was sitting up, then sat behind her,
his legs folded. "As soon as I have you untied I'm sending you back to
your room," he said, more to himself than to her, as he leaned forward to
work at a knot at the back of her neck and tried to ignore the dark,
faintly-scented curls so close to his face. "God, Cari, what possessed you
to do this? Suppose I hadn't come home till tomorrow?"

"And where would you have gone, straight from the shower?" she asked,
amusement in her voice. "I did this because I thought it would make a
great birthday present for you. I thought that I'd make a great present,"
she added in a rather more thoughtful tone of voice. "Don't tell me
you're returning your present!" 

"Where should I take you to return you?" he growled, thoroughly annoyed
with the stubborn knot, and the stubborner girl. "You wouldn't stay
returned, I'd bet." The rope came free with a yank, scraping across the
bare skin beneath; Cari gasped. Dave saw the dark welt rise on her neck,
and was instantly struck to the heart. "Oh, Cari, I'm sorry...." he said,
touching the welt soothingly-----

And he was struck by the intense desire to lean forward and kiss it, kiss
her bare, warm,tender throat as she sat bound before him. Yanking his hand
away as if her skin were burning hot, he applied himself to the next knot
down. "Are you OK?"he asked, ignoring the quaver in his voice. 

Cari nodded. "I'm OK."

"So, who tied you up, after all?"

"I'm not telling you."

"What?!"

"Not till I'm untied. Or you'll go running off to find them and leave me here."

Dave pulled his hands off her back, with some difficulty, as the ropes
tumbled off to expose a bare expanse of silky-soft skin crossed only by
two strands. "I should leave you like this now," he retorted, starting to
pick apart the knot in one strand. 

Cari merely shrugged, so sure of herself, so arousing and infuriating that
Dave wanted to untie her ankles and take her offered gift with her still
in her bonds----

----WHAT was he THINKING? Dave looked at his lap----in his shower-damp
boxers, his erection was plainly visible, pointing upwards at his face as
if to mock him. It was very hard, very hot, and uncomfortable in its
urgency, and he told it to go down before Cari was untied and saw it. He
couldn't do this. He couldn't take what she was offering. 

Why not? said his erection---and his head as well.

Because she's too young, he told himself. 

She's 18, returned  his arousal. Perfectly able to know what she's doing.

But, I want her because she's fat, he wailed indecisively, feeling his
resolve weakening. 

No, said his heart. You want her because you find her beautiful, inside
and out. And you have enough sense to see her lushness as abundance, not
as a bad thing. 

But, this is _weird_! Tied up? I thought I was sick for imagining this
kind of thing..... 

Well, said his conscience impatiently, I guess you aren't.

"Dave?" said Cari, a slightly different note to her voice beneath the calm
selfposessedness.  "Are......are you really upset with me? " 

Dave's resolve broke at the fear in her voice. She had herself tied up,
made helpless for me, he thought. And dared my rejection. I can't help but
be attracted to bravery like that. 

"I mean," she went on,"If this was really _that_ stupid......I---I thought
that you wanted me, and didn't want to act on it because I _am_ younger
than you are. I figured that if I showed you that I really do know what
I'm doing.......I guess that, since I'm so fat, you don't want me. I
wouldn't blame you........"

Her voice trailed off, as Dave tried to tell her somehow how wrong she
was. The words jammed in his throat. "No, no, Cari," he finally croaked.
"No, I want you. I----I think you're beautiful." 

She turned to look at him, and his heart caught with pain; her face was
streaked with tears. She'd been crying and he hadn't even known it. "You
do?" 

Dave didn't bother to struggle with words. He threw his long arms around
her and pulled her into his lap, one hand on her rounded cheek, to hold
her face as he kissed her soft cheeks, kissing away her tears. He felt her
warm softness in his arms as she moaned softly with joy and squirmed
closer to him, felt her soft skin beneath his hand, her silky curls across
his arm, the soft, solid pressure of her body squirming delightfully
across his lap, and wondered how he could have been so stupid as to deny
himself this offered joy for so long. 

Soon, though, her arms caught him in the chest, and he remembered that she
was still tied up. Slipping her off his lap, he took her by her upper
arms, gently holding her a little away from him, and kissed her on her
warm, full lips. He felt her stiffen in surprise, then moan again and move
towards him, opening her lips-----

And he sat back, and laughed at the look on her face. "What was _that_
for?" she demanded, as he thoroughly enjoyed how her breasts moved with
her indignant breathing. 

"For the torment _I'm_ going through," he responded, and watched as her
face lit up with a smile. "Besides, I have to finish untying you." 

"So, you aren't sending me back to my room after all," she asked slyly,
turning back around as he slid his hands over her back, marveling at how
rich and smooth her skin felt; her skin feels the way the best cream
tastes, he thought, and nearly laughed at himself. "I should," he said,
making her groan in annoyance, "but I won't. " 

"Good," said Cari, leaning backwards into his hands. "You _do_ like me, in
spite of my size?" 

Dave took a deep breath, then another. "I like you because of it," he
finally said, to himself as well as to her. "I like you because you're
brave and sweet and daring and foolhardy-----" he leaned over to kiss her
shoulder, where a dark rope-welt stood out lividly, and she cooed and
squirmed against her bonds, making him smile, all her infuriating, remote
self-posessedness gone. "----and because you are lush and beautiful and
rounded. I like women who are fatter than stick-figure supermodels, or
Playboy Barbie dolls, and I like them because they are large. And I had
the hardest time admitting that to myself." 

The two ropes crossing in the middle of Cari's back suddenly parted under
Dave's hand, and her flimsy top, really a large handkerchief, fell
forward. "Ooops," he said, as her breasts tumbled free of their bonds. "I
didn't mean-----". 

"Well, _I_ did," said Cari slyly, turning her head to look naughtily at
him through her tousled curls. She sighed deeply; Dave saw the swell of
her breast rise past where her back blocked the view, and found himself
wanting to touch it so badly he could feel his desire in the pit of his
stomach."I'm glad you untied them. I think I had those tied a little
tight." 

Dave planting his hands on her warm, smooth shoulders, leaned over to look
at her front; her beautiful heavy breasts were indeed spiraled with
darker, redder rope welts. "You're covered in welts!" he exclaimed. "Next
time you have _got_ to be more careful!"

Cari laughed. "You intend to make me do this again?" she said, leaning
backwards into Dave's arms, inviting his hands to her lush breasts. He
slipped his arms around her and hesitantly touched them, afraid to hurt
her; when she sighed with pleasure and arched her back, driving her curly
head into his shoulder and her wide rump into his crotch, he cupped them
firmly in his hands, feeling them warm and soft , overflowing his hands,
the little nipples hard against his palms. "Hmmmm," he said warmly. 
"Would you do this again? Have you done it before?"

Without opening her eyes, Cari breathily murmured,"Wouldn't _you_ like to
know?" with all the archness she could still muster. Dave responded by
rotating his hands around her breasts, the twin circular caresses making
her moan and arch her back, straining attractively against her bonds,
wriggling over his erection so vigorously that concentric waves of heat
washed through him, their centers his almost painfully hard erection and
her lusciously full, warm rump atop it. 

 Dave doubted that he could keep his hands steady enough to finish untying
her, he wanted her so badly. "Cari," he murmured into her hair, feeling
the soft locks move over his face,"where are the rest of the knots? I
_really_ have to get these ropes off you......." 

"At my waist," she breathed, still arching her back, thrusting her breasts
into his hands. She sighed in disappointment as his hands left her breasts
to struggle with the knots; Dave all but ripped them asunder in his
impatience. Soon, they were undone, and Cari's skirt, a simple length of
flimsy cloth, tumbled off with them. "Mmmmm," said Cari. stretching
eagerly as Dave pulled the mass of cords off and flung them away. "It
feels good to be untied. They _were_ a little tight---iii!"she finished,
surprised, as Dave pulled her backwards and atop him, rolling from
beneath her so that he lay beside now-supine Cari on his side. She looked
up at him with wide, surprised, but utterly fearless eyes as he slipped
one arm beneath her and planted the other hand beside her, placing his
body over hers, looking down into her eyes. "You want this, Cari?" he
asked. He had to be sure.  "You really want me to----" 

Dave's question was cut short as Cari threw her still-bound hands around
his neck and drew his face to hers to kiss him forcefully, her full lips
warm against his. When she let go, she looked up at him, his nose nearly
touching hers, and gently whispered, "Of course I do. What did you think?"
with that outrageous temerity that made Dave's passion flare. "Oh, Cari,"
he murmured with all his heart. What else could he say? "Oh, Cari."

She smiled up at him, half saucy, half tender, and kissed him again,
deeply this time, as she wrapped her plump legs around his waist, pushing
at his waistband with her toes. Dave obligingly pried off his boxers with
one hand, then sank that hand deep into Cari's warm curves, into the
flesh around her lower back, holding her to him and kissing her hard. He
felt her draw her body up against his, felt her full, lush breasts and
belly press firmly against him, felt her gasp into his kiss as he held her
tighter still, his hand pressing into one of the fading rope-welts. He
wanted to sit back, to kiss each mark and each unblemished spot on her
skin, to enjoy her bountifulness with time and ease, and yet he wanted to
have her, wanted to let her surround him utterly, so badly his blood
boiled. As if she sensed his conflict and wanted to end it for him, Cari
wriggled herself against Dave till the head of his member felt itself
sliding against indescribably warm, wet softness. 

This was too much for Dave. With a groan he pulled Cari against him,
breaking the kiss to bury his face in her soft, scented neck as he plunged
into her hot tightness, burying himself to the hilt, feeling himself hit
her cervix. Instantly, even as he felt her body clasp him welcomingly, he
felt a pang of remorse. He shouldn't have taken her like that, so
suddenly-----

Dave's last conscious thoughts were driven away as Cari arched her back
beneath him, tightening her legs around his waist, clamping him in a
silken vise, and let out a sound between a scream and a whoop, as she
came. Dave, shocked and delighted, felt her come, pulsating around him,
felt the tidal wave of her pleasure wash over him, sweeping him away with
it, awash in a sea of pleasure, as he felt her shudder all around him and
came himself. 


Dave collapsed against Cari as she let her legs fall to either side of his
thighs. He buried his face in her neck again, feeling her pulse beating
deep below her skin, as his own heart pounded in his ears. "Cari?" he
finally murmured. 

"Mmmmmm?" she responded dazedly.

"No, I just wanted to say you, to say 'Cari'", he replied as he
reluctantly rolled out of her, just to pull her beside him into his arms,
feeling her warmth and softness, now slightly sheened with sweat.  He
nestled his face into her hair, smelling it and smelling her, and she
snuggled against him for a long moment more before either spoke again.
Finally, he said, rather sheepishly, " Cari, I'm sorry that I came 
that fast-----" 

Cari gripped his hair, rather painfully; when he looked at her in
surprise, she pulled his face to hers and kissed him again, as heatedly as
if she had not just knocked him over with her passion. Dave began to
squeeze her again when she let go to drape her arms round his neck and
look him in the eye. "No, you have nothing to be sorry for," she said
seriously, with a hint of anger. "Unless you intend to get up and go do
your homework now, "she added, the anger dissolving into a smile. 

Dave laughed. "All right. Although I'll keep saying it if you keep kissing
me like that." He tried to sit up and felt her hands against his neck, the
rope still joining them, and laughed as she did. 

They struggled up to a sitting position, and Cari laid her hands in Dave's
so he could untie them. "How long were you tied up, anyway?" he asked,
looking studiously at his work and not at her unabashed nakedness. 

"Oh, not too long," she said airily. " Marty and I waited for you to leave
for the shower-----" 

"_Marty_ tied you up?" He stopped to look back up at her. She stuck out
her tongue impishly at him; he leaned forward to kiss her for a long,
warm, moment, her lips soft and easy against his, before he sat back and
she went on. "Yes, Marty. You'd be surprised at what she knows about
knots." Cari's eye gleamed, as if _she_ knew a thing or two herself. "As I
was saying," she said archly," we snuck in then, and she tied me up really
fast. I think that's why everything was so tight." 

Dave shook his head. "You are incredible," he said, awestruck. "There's so
much of you that I don't know." 

"Well, there's much of you that _I_ don't know," said Cari sensibly, but
her eyes twinkled with joy. 

"Yes," agreed Dave, freeing the small wrists and plump hands. "And I
intend for both of us to learn each other. I firmly intend to learn you,"
he added, kissing both her palms and the inside of one wrist where the
rope had left a red mark, and then kissing a path along the inside of
that arm as he felt her lay the other on his already-hardening penis,
wrapping her little hand around him. 

Cari's only response was to coo for joy.
