Archive-name: Amazon/gijanpam.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Giantess - Janice and Pam


  This is the sequel to 'Janice in the City', as with that
  story, this one is violent and messy.  It's not for the
  faint of heart or the squeemish.  While a third story is
  possible, it won't be coming from me anytime soon.

  People who find this story of interest can reach me at
  an27479@anon.penet.fi for information on where to
  obtain more.  I am especially interested in hearing from
  women (for a different perspective), and people with their
  own material to offer.


  Janice and Pam: Ladies Night
  30-Jul-1993

    Janice ran.
    Her every stride covered a quarter of a mile.
    Her barefeet gouged out huge prints in the soft earth.

    Just eight hours earlier she had been just another
  young woman, just another person, enjoying a warm
  summer day, floating in the bay.  But a quirk of nature
  had caught her in some strange transformation.  The
  rolling waters had turned into a bubbling cauldron, and
  that magic potion had taken a nice young lady and turned
  her into an awesome eight hundred foot tall goddess.

    Over the course of the day she had shed inhibition
  after inhibition, realizing the power and the pleasure
  of her brobdignagian body in a lilliputian world.

    Now she ran across the countryside, crushing houses,
  trees, farms, with fine impunity.  For she had seen that
  the bay was not drained of its potency, and realized that
  she wanted to share her newfound power.  Her best friend
  Pam was a brash young woman.  Janice was sure she would
  leap at the opportunity to share her friend's wonderous
  discovery.

    Nor was she mistaken.
    Janice thundered towards Pam's house, clearing
  entire hills with ease, occasionally diverting her path
  to crush a house, a car, or a lone fleeing little man
  under her pounding feet.

    Suddenly she stopped.
    She looked down, mildly astonished.
    And laughed delightedly.
    Pam's bright yellow 1976 Ford Pinto was unmistakable.
  A little yellow deathtrap that Janice had always hated
  having to ride in.  The car was parked on the top of a
  little hill, and Pam was standing on the car's roof,
  wildly waving her little arms.

    Janice squatted down and held out her right hand for
  Pam, who leapt onto her palm without hesitation, hauling
  a heavy duffle bag along with her.  Then she started
  shouting.  But Janice shook her head, she couldn't
  understand a word and there wasn't time to talk if she
  wanted to get Pam back to the Bay before sunset.  But
  there was time for one thing.  With a mischievious grin
  Janice reached out with her left hand for that wretched
  little car.  Pam was looking peeved, but was helpless
  as her gigantic friend closed her hand on the car and
  crushed it in her fist.  Opening her hand Janice admired
  the crushed and ruined blob with approval, then cast it
  aside.  On her palm, Pam stomped one tiny foot and yelled
  at her.  But Janice only smiled and stood up.  Cupping
  her hands together she raced back to the bay, this time
  taking no detours.  Taking great care with her precious
  passenger.

    The sun was still an hour from setting when they reached
  the beach.  Wading into the water Janice located the
  bubbling spot, and stopped.  She was a little afraid of
  risking more contact with the stuff.  Pam seemed to understand.
  and she threw her dufflebag into the bay and dove in after it.
  Struggling with her clothing and the bag, she swam into
  the strange water.

    The transformation was swift.
    Startling actually.
    Once instant Pam was struggling in deep waters.  The next
  she was climbing to her feet, sputtering, water raining from
  her clothes.  She pulled a jar out of the dufflebag and
  filled it with the water, closed it and threw it in the bag.
  Then she turned and stared at Janice who threw her arms open
  and laughed.

    Suddenly they were in each other's arms, hugging tightly,
  both of them laughing and talking at the same time.
    Then Pam took a step back, and glanced up and down Janice's
  nude body.  "I like your outfit." she said.
    Janice struck a pose and batted her eyes, "Do you really?
  It's all the rage for women over a hundred feet tall."
  Then she noticed the dufflebag.  "Did you bring clothes?"
    "Just some playthings." said Pam, "You're not feeling modest
  are you?"
    "Well..."
    "Oh hell, hang on." and Pam began to strip.  Unbuttoning her
  blouse she took it off and tossed it onto the beach.  Her
  sneakers and jeans followed a moment later, then her bra and
  panties.  Naked and beautiful she combed her fingers through
  her long brown hair and let Janice look at her.

    Pam was a gorgeous sight.  About the same height as Janice,
  with rich brown hair that curled about her shoulders.  Her
  eyes were a provokative black, her lips full and red.  She
  had a voluptuous body, full firm breasts only a little smaller
  than Janice's imposing 42D's, a well kept, strong body.  She
  worked out at the health clubs more often than Janice.  Her
  ass was an artist's dream, and her snatch was black and lush;
  whereas Janice's was almost auburn and soft as down.

    The women regarded each other silently.  They were good
  friends, and had seen each other naked before.  But this was
  different.  Something else was happening.

    Then Pam giggled like a schoolgirl, breaking the spell.
  And stepping forward, dragging the dufflebag, she took Janice
  by the arm.  "Come on." she said, "Let's talk."  And together
  they waded out of the water and sat down on the ultrasoft sand
  of the beach, their long legs stretched out before them,
  dipping their barefeet in the tiny waves.  And while the sun
  fell and evening settled into night, Janice explained
  everything about the day: how she came for a relaxing swim,
  the strange water, her confusion, and then her lust.

    Pam nodded her head, and kept silent for the whole story.
  "Yeah," she said, when Janice was done, "You made all the
  news stations.  I'll bet the whole country watched you having
  your way with the damned city." and she grinned evilly,
  "So much for censorship, the news stations didn't cut a
  fucking thing.  You really went to town."  And Janice blushed.
  "What?" Pam hooted, "You're not embarassed.  Girl, it's too
  late for that.  Besides, I want you to show me all your
  tricks.  Especially that crushfest you had.  You must have
  stepped on the News van, 'cause the picture suddenly went
  black.  The radio's carried it though.  God, the screams were
  awesome.  You really scared the shit out of a lot of tiny
  people."
    Janice looked up, "How did you know I would come looking
  for you?"
    Pam sighed, "I didn't.  I hoped, that was all.  But when I
  heard that you were heading my way I took a chance and floored
  Horsey all the way to that hill top."  Then she reached out
  and punched Janice in the arm, "You bitch! You fuckin' broke
  my car!"

    "Uh huh." said Janice and smiled wickedly.  Pam giggled
  and lay back on the ground.  Her head resting in the
  parking lot.  The little lights shining about her face.
  Janice also laid down, on her side, her elbow on the ground,
  her head resting on her hand.
    Pam sighed, "God, we are going to bust this place up tomorrow."

    "Why wait?  Are you tired?"
    Pam raised her head, "No way.  Hey, you wanna do a night
  raid on that abused little city of yours?"
    "Absolutely..."
    They didn't need prompting, they got up, and following the coast,
  headed towards the bright lights.

    Towards the city...


                           * * * * * *
  

    It was a beautiful night.  The moon was nearly full, the
  sky was clear, and a restful breeze wafted in from the
  ocean.  Hand in hand Janice and Pam sauntered along one
  of the eight lane arterials into the city.  Not so much for the
  guidence, but because the little lights illuminated the things they
  were stepping on.  Janice was surprised, there was still a
  suprising amount of activity, traffic and the like, despite
  the terrible destruction she had wrought earlier.  Pam tried
  to explain the logistics of large scale evacuations, the
  impossibility of sustaining groups of people numbering in the
  millions away from the cities.

    "Oh, they'll evacuate the cities", said Pam "whenever they
  figure out where we're headed.  But even when they succeed,
  which won't be often, the people won't be able to go far.
  They'll just be a little more spread out.
    "I am worried about two things.  We can't live on a diet
  of little people forever.  And sooner or later someone is
  going to think to send the military after us."
    Janice gasped, "They'll kill us."
    "Nah." said Pam, "Look, get a few things straight.  It's
  physically impossible for us to be this size; to even get to
  be this size.  And even when you grant that we are this size,
  you didn't even so much as break a fingernail during your
  reign of terror in this toy-sized burg.  Something weird is
  happening, almost magical.  I don't think we have to worry
  about the military knocking us off.  But we do have to worry
  about them wiping out the local populations as they attempt
  to knock us off.
    "In fact" she smirked "I'm kinda looking forward to playing
  war with a real toy-sized army."  And she stomped on a semi
  truck for emphasis.

    Janice stopped, and Pam, still holding her hand stopped and
  looked at her, then looked around.  They were on the verges
  of the city.

    It was a pretty sight.
    The buildings (those that remained) glowing bravely in the
  night.  The countless diminuative street lights, which didn't
  even reach to the ankles of the girls, cast bright little
  patches of radiance, looking like yellow rivers converging on
  the city.  And along those rivers rode tiny red and white
  lights.  Mostly white.  It seemed they had been anticipated,
  but too late.

    "See" said Pam, "They're all jammed up.  And if we busted up
  all the big roads out of the city, nothing would move."
    "I get it." answered Janice, "Now watch.  In order to avoid
  getting crunched in their cars, most of the people are going to
  get out and run back into the city.  In a few minutes we're
  going to have another good-sized mob."

    Which was pretty much the way it went, though Janice carefully
  stepped on one or two of the cars whose occupants had not fled
  to better urge on the others.  Pam watched this deliberate
  herding of tiny people with a growing appreciation.  Janice had
  been considerably changed by her experiance.  After about twenty
  minutes, they were a quarter mile further into the city, and
  following an impressive crowd of people.

    Pam stared fascinated at the tiny screaming mob.  There
  were so many of them, and they were so small.  With avarice
  in her eyes Janice took a step towards them and raised her right
  foot.
    "No! Wait!", Pam cried and Janice stopped, andglanced at her
  in surprise.  "I want to watch." said Pam, and she fell to
  her knees, placing her head near to the ground.
    Janice giggled, and lowered her barefoot.  Her heel struck
  the road first, cracking it, squashing several people instantly.
  Pam watched breathlessly as Janice lowered her foot further,
  casting a dark shadow over her victims.  Her high arch
  spared some people for a moment.  Pam saw tiny people
  running, falling, some held up their arms, as though their
  puny strength could suffice to ward off the incalculable
  weight of Janice's foot.  Those under the ball of her foot
  were squashed without mercy, as were those under her great toes.

    Then Janice leaned forward onto her foot, which spread a
  little to take her weight.  The road bed bucked and cracked,
  Janice's foot sank into it like soft dirt.  Little squirts
  of crimson and gore rayed outwards from her foot, and
  tiny mashed bodies oozed up slowly between her long lovely
  toes.  Then Janice lifted up onto the ball of her foot,
  tiny bodies and grease-spots stuck to her heel or lay mashed
  in the bottom of her footprint.  Lazily she twisted her foot
  from side to side, grinding the remains of her victims into
  paste.

    Pam stood up slowly, her face filled with awe.  "My god,
  Janice." she whispered, "That's fuckin' fantastic.  Can
  I try?"
    Janice laughed, "Can I watch?"
    Pam nodded her, still a bit dazed.  She looked down at
  the thronging helpless mob, and slowly raised her right
  foot.  Then she hesitated.

    These weren't bugs.
    They were people.
    Real, honest to god, everyday people.  And she had been
  one of them just an hour or so ago.  She stared at them,
  wondering what it was like looking up at eight hundred
  feet of woman.  Looking up at her foot.  She sensed the
  gut wrenching terror that they must be feeling.  After all
  why should she be any more merciful than Janice?

    Why indeed?
    She had made her choice.  She wanted this.  She wanted to
  be a goddess.  And bet that despite their promised fate, there
  were more than a few miniature hard-ons in that crowd.  She
  was an achingly beautiful woman, and this was her initiation.
  She grinned at Janice, who was waiting for her to start, and
  looking down, slowly lowered her foot; carefully, gently,
  as softly as she was able, until she felt the first tickles.
  It was hard, holding this pose, balanced on her left foot.
  But Pam held on a moment longer, then slowly and cruelly
  pressed down.

    For a moment, the pressure built, as scores of tiny bodies
  resisted the mounting pressure of her colossal barefoot.  Then
  suddenly, with little pops and crunches, her foot settled
  lower, crushing the little people into goosh.  Pam felt the
  street crack and sink as she crushed it too, then the gory
  remains under her feet squirted out and rose between her
  toes like warm mud.  Between her big and second toe, one tiny
  man who had somehow survived, was washed into view by the
  grim tide.  Pam felt no pity for him.  Blowing him a little
  kiss, and clenching her shapely toes together, she burst him
  like a grape.

    Janice clapped her hands and laughed.  Pam laughed too, and
  reaching out again with her barefoot, stepped on some more,
  slowly dragging her foot back, leaving a gory trail of squashed
  little bodies.

    With sexual excitment flashing in her eyes Pam turned back to
  Janice.  "Show me the city." she said.  Janice got up and they
  went deeping into the forest of buildings...


                            * * * * * *


    They made up games: Who Could Cover the Most Cars with a
  Single Step, Who Could Flush the Most People Out of a Building,
  and a real heart stopper for the besieged city -- Tag.

    Janice slapped Pam on the butt, and took off yelling "You're
  it!"  Pam stood still for a moment in shock, then with a
  whoop took off after her.  Cars, buses, people, and houses
  exploded under their great feet, but they didn't give a fuck.
  That was the game: being a giantess meant not worrying about
  what or who got in your way, in fact it meant delighting in
  what and who got in your way.  Once, Pam thrust her entire arm
  through a building to tag Janice.  Janice chased Pam and tackled,
  her smashing a full city block.  The two gargantuan women darted,
  hid behind buildings, and ambushed at intersections.

    They had a blast.
    Pam stopped.  "Hey Janice!" she shouted, "Come're!."
    "What?" said Janice, walking around a building, "Oh..."

    There, suspended nearly sixty stories above the ground, were
  two tiny window washers.  Working in one of those bench-like things
  descending from cables hung from the top of the building.  God
  alone knew what the two halt-inch tall men were doing at that hour.
  But there they were.
    Pam bent over till her face was mere inches (to her) away from
  the cowering little workers.  "GENTLEMEN," she said, delighting
  in their terror at the volume of her voice, "I'M PAM, AND THIS
  IS JANICE.  WANNA ROCK WITH A COUPLE OF 'BIG' GIRLS?" and she and
  Janice giggled wickedly.

    "COME ON GUYS." Pam leered, "DON'T YOU LIKE WHAT YOU SEE?" and
  cupping her hands under her breasts she thrust them forward, so
  all the two tiny men could see were her titanic tits, they
  cowered down against the bench, hiding from Pam's lusty gaze.
    "HEY, ME TOO." said Janice, and the two women crowded their
  awesome breasts around the terrified little men.  "WHICH ARE
  BETTER, MINE OR PAM'S?"  But the men, though they could not take
  their eyes off the giantesses, made no move.
    Pam humphed, "GEE, GUYS, NOTHING TO SAY?" she tilted her head
  and smiled coyly, "HERE, TAKE A CLOSER LOOK!" and she pressed
  her right breast forward until her nipple brushed the tiny bench,
  rocking it wildly.  Janice giggled.

    Using her erect nipple, which was enormous, Pam lifted the
  tiny bench, then dropped it again.  "COME ON GUYS.  ME AND
  JANICE ARE FEELING HORNY."
    "YAH, I'D SHOW SOME INTEREST" Janice warned them, "OR PAM MIGHT
  GET BORED.  AND THAT COULD BE BAD."
    "JANICE."
    "YES PAM."
    "WHAT DO YOU THINK WOULD HAPPEN IF I SORTA...LEEEEEANED FORWARD."
  and she swatted the bench with her nipple again.
    "HMMMM...I THINK WE'D HAVE A COUPLE SQUASHED LITTLE MEN.  BUT
  WHAT IF ONE OF THEM CRAWLED ONTO YOUR NIPPLE?"
    "THAT MIGHT BE NICE.  WHAT DO YOU THINK FELLAS?  YOU MIGHT LAST
  A FEW MORE MINUTES IF YOU PLAY WITH US." and she jiggled her tits
  slightly, slamming the bench from side to side.

    Suddenly one of the tiny men leapt from the bench, maybe he
  meant to dash himself to bits on the streets far below, but he
  landed on Pam's nipple and clung to it tightly.
    "OHHHHHHH" moaned Pam, and she turned to Janice, "HE'S GOT A
  GOOD GRIP FOR SUCH A PEA-SIZED LITTLE MAN." and closing her
  eyes she undulated and stretched, her great breasts swaying slowly
  from side to side, which only made the terrified man wrap his
  arms and legs tighter.  Janice stared at him, hanging there from
  her friend's lovely bare breast.  She was getting aroused watching
  Pam get aroused.

    Suddenly, on an impulse Janice bent her head and engulfed Pam's
  nipple, tiny man and all, in her hot humid mouth.  Pam's eyes
  snapped open and she gasped, then a long lazy smile spread across
  her face, and she pushed her breast up into Janice's face.  Janice
  growled and nipped at Pam's nipple, then massaged it with her
  tongue.

    When she raised her head she held the tiny man between her lips.
  Pam stared at her friend for a long moment, the tip of her tongue
  poked out and rolled along her upper lip.  Slowly she leaned
  forward, their eyes met and locked, Pam opened her mouth slightly
  and they kissed.  Their breasts were warm and pliant upon each
  other, their bodies were electric with excitment.  The girls passed
  the tiny man between their mouths like gum, wrestling over him
  with their tongues.  His shrieks of bottomless horror only raised
  their ardor higher.  Now growling they began fighting playfully
  over their little morsal.

    Alas, the game became a bit too rough.
    Their little playmate was torn in two.
    Pam and Janice, their eyes still locked, slowly chewed their
  pieces and swallowed.  Then, hesitatingly Pam reached out and
  gently cupped Janice's breasts in her hands.  Janice sighed and
  placed her own hands atop Pam's and pressed them into her warm
  flesh.  For a while they quietly fondled each other, exploring
  each other's bodies.  Pam whispered, "This is extraordinary."
  and Janice smiled and said, "We're extraordinary." Then glancing
  at the building Janice laughed.  Pam followed her gaze.

    The other little man was still cowering in his bench.
  Janice reached out and plucked him from there between her fingers.
  Holding him up she asked, "WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO WITH HIM?"
  Pam looked down on him sweetly, "I WANT HIM INSIDE OF ME." she
  leaned down, her breath washing over him like a furnace, "I
  WANT TO SWALLOW HIM ALIVE WITH MY HAIRY CUNT." she paused and
  licked her lips slowly, "AND THEN I WANT TO CRUSH HIM, LIKE THE
  INSIGNIFICANT LITTLE BUG THAT HE IS."  Her unabashed lust for
  him unmanned her tiny victim utterly, and he screamed and
  howled and struggled vainly between Janice's fingers.

    Janice smiled evily and both girls dropped to their knees,
  then Pam sat back and spread her legs, while Janice hunched
  forward.  Pam's cunt was forested in lush black hair, carefully
  trimmed and neat.  Her vulva was swollen with desire, and with
  her fingers Pam spread and distended her lips, which glistened
  wetly in the city lights.
    "OH MY" said Janice conversationaly to the little man, "PAM
  CERTAINLY LOOKS READY FOR YOU.  WOW, HAVE YOU EVER SEEN SUCH A
  BIG CUNT?  AND SOOOO HUNGRY, LOOK IT'S DROOLING FOR YOU."
    Pam spread her labia with her fingers, reveling her mighty
  vagina.  And Janice placed the little man near to it, her face
  itself, now only inches from Pam's pussy.
    "HAVE YOU EVER GONE CAVE EXPLORING, LITTLE MAN?  CERTAINLY
  NOT IN ONE AS HUGE AND WET AS THIS ONE.  CAN YOU SMELL IT?
  PAM'S CUNT WANTS YOU.  AND I WANT HER TO HAVE YOU." and she
  placed him between the folds of Pam's labia, against her
  vagina, and with her forefinger pushed him in to about his
  waist.
    "THERE" said Janice, "ISN'T THAT WARM AND SNUG?  A BIT STICKY
  PERHAPS, I'M AFRAID YOUR CLOTHES ARE RUINED."
    "I CAN FEEL HIM" sighed Pam, "HE'S SO TINY. BUT I CAN FEEL HIM."
    "CAN YOU SUCK HIM INSIDE?" asked Janice.
    "WAIT....WAIT....AHHHHH...YESSSSS."
    Janice looked down just in time to see Pam's vagina undulate,
  pushing the screaming little man out a little, then drawing him
  in to his armpits.  Leaning down some more Janice laughed at his
  plight.  "OH DEAR, LITTLE MAN, YOU REALLY SHOULDN'T PLAY WITH
  BIG GIRLS IF YOU CAN'T TAKE THE CONSEQUENCES.  SCREAMING WON'T
  HELP.  PAM'S CUNT IS GOING TO EAT YOU.  BUT YOU CAN SCREAM IF YOU
  WANT.  IT TURNS US ON."
    The little man pried vainly at the puckered flush of Pam's
  huge vagina, and she moaned and lolled her head back.  Then her
  body tensed, the tiny man moved out, then in up to his neck.
  One arm trapped inside of Pam's body, the other she used to scoop
  away the clinging creams of her sexual lust.  All the while
  writhing and choking and shrieking for mercy.
    "I WOULDN'T THRASH ABOUT SO MUCH." Janice warned him, "YOU'RE
  NOT DOING ANYTHING FOR PAM'S RETRAINT."
    And as if on cue, Pam tensed again, the tiny man pushed out,
  Janice leaned forward, gave him a quick kiss and said, "GOODBYE."
  And with a little slurp Pam engulfed him whole, drawing him
  into herself with ease.

    Pam began to groan, holding her breasts she pinched and pulled
  her nipples.  Her body glowed with the exertion of her arousal.
  Janice watched for a moment, then dipped her face into her
  friend's cunt and lapped at her clitoris.

    Inside her cunt the tiny man writhed wildly, trying to get
  back out.  Unaware that his exertions were registering with
  his giant captor.  Unaware how she focused on them, pleasured
  in them.  Suddenly the hot wet flesh convulsed, squeezing him
  from every direction...relaxed...squeezed again, harder.  The
  next contraction was his last.

    Pam screamed, her right arm flailed about, her hand questing,
  found a bus and crumpled it up like tinfoil.  Her thighs gripped
  Janice's head and her hips bucked as she rode the rising tide
  of her orgasm.  Held there against her cunt, Janice heard the
  tiny squeek and liquid crunch that signaled Pam's vagina crushing
  its tiny occupant to pudding.  When she started back down from
  her high Janice nibbled lightly at Pam's clit, and sent her
  rocketing back, her vagina further pulping her tiny man.  Then,
  extricating her head Janice plunged her first two fingers into
  Pam's sopping cunt.  Finding the limp little body she ground it
  into paste, rubbing it against back and forth, fucking Pam
  with it.

    Scooping out the horribly mangled remains Janice climbed up and
  straddled Pam with her legs, and showed her the remains of her
  passion.  Pam looked at the gooey remains of the little man,
  her body still tingly with the power of the orgasm that had
  crushed him so completely.  Looking into Janice's eyes she
  opened her mouth.  Janice grinned and stuck her fingers into
  Pam's mouth.  Pam wrapped her lips around Janice's two fingers,
  and Janice slowly withdraw her them, glistening with saliva,
  but clean.  Then Janice laid upon Pam, and they kissed again,
  sharing the little morsal between them, luxeriating in the
  afterglow of their ardor.

    Relaxed.
    Together.
    They fell asleep in their embrace.
    In a full day of carange between two giantesses, almost half
  a million people had been crushed or eaten.  That left nearly
  three million remaining, and many of the roads from the city
  were demolished.  Janice and Pam slept without interruption,
  but not without visitors.  A few tiny men, drawn to their
  awesome splendor, despite their gut twisting fear, dared approach
  the colossal girls.

    It was a mistake.
    Janice skooched over in her sleep to get more comfortable,
  unknowingly crushing several little men under her shifting
  weight.  One unlucky little voyeur was trapped under her
  soft mons.  He pointless little attempts to get free impinged
  his presence on Janice's dreams, and with a little coo of
  pleasure she ground him to mush under her pussy.  After that
  no one bothered the girls...

    When morning came, Pam and Janice awoke.
    Feeling refreshed.
    And hungry.
    And horny.
    Once more the city reeled in panic....


                            * * * * * *


    It was an orgy.
    Two colossal women, and a cast of millions.
    Set against the backdrop of a miniature city.

    "CATCH!" laughed Pam, and Janice opened her mouth and snapped the
  little man out of midair.  She tossed another one back, but
  Pam missed, and he fell shrieking over her left shoulder.  They
  experimented with ways of punishing their little man pets.

    Janice set one between each of her toes and curled them slowly
  till her tiny playmates popped like grapes.  Pam pursued single
  individuals through the city, herding them, terrifying them until
  stepping on them.  Janice made some little men form a line.  Then
  she described what she was going to do to them.  One tiny man
  made a vain dash for freedom, but Janice's fist landed on him
  like a bomb, splattering him.  Pam tried to see how many little
  men she could insert into her vagina without crushing them (or
  orgasming, which ended up being the same thing).  Janice found
  the she could insinuate the legs of a tiny man under the hood over
  her clitoris and hold him there, driven to destraction by the
  wonderful sensations.  The girls experimented with tribadism and
  tried with little success to pass tiny men between their cunts,
  squealing with delight as each one was ground to mush between
  their colossals vulvas.  They crushed their victims between their
  breasts, smothered them, smeared them, used them like lubricating
  jelly.  They crushed hundreds under their enormous bodies whenever
  they made love, or carelessly demolished buildings.

    It took two days and a night, but in the end they reduced the
  city to rubble.  Knocked over every building, stepped on every
  house, crushed hundreds of thousands of cars and people.  It
  was hard work, but their giantess bodies confired upon them
  giantess appetites and giantess endurance.  They were nymphomaniacs
  with the power to do as they pleased.  And when the city was
  gone, they were ready to move on and begin anew.

    Janice wanted to impose herself on the ships in the bay, and
  play with some of the suspension bridges.  Pam wanted to head
  inland where she believed an army was building.  They argued
  about it for awhile, then sought out a tiny man and made him
  decide.  He chose for Pam, and Janice crushed him under her
  barefoot.  But then Pam went and got the dufflebag that she had
  brought, and pulled out a pair of five inch high stilleto heeled
  open toe sandles, and a pair of thigh high black leather boots
  with leather laces and four inch high heels.  Another diminutive
  little man was chosen, and Janice took the boots.  With a snarl
  Pam squashed the little man in her fist.  There were other items
  in the bag, but except for a ankle braclette for Pam, this
  satified them for the moment.

    Janice sat down and pulled on each boot.  The leather smelled
  rich and warm in the summer sun, it hugged her legs nicely and
  her feet were snug in the boots.  She laced them and stood back
  up, the very image of a goddess: incredibly gigantic, naked and
  gorgeous, booted from thigh to heel.  Lifting her right foot
  she stomped on a tiny car...left foot...car...right foot...house.
  Swaying her hips she danced, jiggling her tremendous breasts,
  rocking the earth with every step.  Pam laughed and clapped her
  hands in time, and tossed little cars for Janice to trample.
  After a while Janice settled down, smiling, her hands idly
  roaming over her body, the innumerable tiny playthings under her
  brobdingnagian ass crushed and forgotten.  She watched Pam.

    Pam slipped into her sandles and pondered what she should do.
  She felt the power in her stilletto heels and grinned with
  delight.  The heel alone was more than fifty feet tall, the sole
  of the shoe was about that wide and nearly eighty feet long.
  Raising her foot she placed the tip of her heel on the flat roof
  of a nearby building and pressed down.  Her heel pierced it easily,
  sinking through floor after floor with delicious smashing,
  crunching noises, until her foot rested on the ground.  People in
  the building saw her heel crashing through first the ceiling, then
  the floor, widening as the base of her heel plunged down.  She
  glanced down with amusement, hands on her hips, admiring her work.
  Then raising her foot a tiny bit, Pam lifted her toes, and grinned
  wickedly as the heel exploded out the front of the building,
  raining ruin into the street below.  She stepped on the remains,
  grinding it to dust under the ball of her foot.

    Both girls tested out their footwear, noticing that while
  sensation was diminished, the crunching breaking noises of cars
  and buildings was much improved.  Also, where they had padded
  comparatively quietly in barefeet, the shoes made deep loud
  crunching noises with every step.  It was strange, they felt
  more dangerous, which was a joke, and they laughed about it.
  Then they looked around for some tiny men (who were finally
  becoming rather scarce).  They found one and convinced him to
  turn on a car radio full blast.

    It confirmed Pam's suspicions.
    There was an army east of the city.
    Tanks, infanty, rockets.  Everything that the little people
  could muster in a desparate rush.  Pam nodded her head and
  crushed the car in her hand, never hearing the tiny scream
  from the little man inside.  The girls confired.  Janice
  trusted Pam.  Nothing could harm them.  They would have their
  own way with an army of little men.
    "Like playing with dolls." Pam laughed.

    They combed their hair with their fingers, brushed the dust
  from their footwear, and checked each other out.

    They looked good.
    Nasty.
    Gloriously naked and ready for more fun.
    Thus, suitably unattired, the girls left the city.
    Heading east.


                            * * * * * *


    Janice and Pam were in no hurry.
    The fringes of the city gave way to suburbs, and they played
  a game, stepping from house to house, first to miss one losing.  
  There was the wonderous sensation of striding through a forest,
  trees not even reaching halfway up their calves.  It was such a
  splendid experience that Pam took off her sandles for a while,
  just to enjoy feeling whole trees crushed and broken under her
  lovely barefeet, like flowers in a field.

    Further away from the city they discovered farmhouses and
  barns, and toyed with them a little, pulling their roofs off
  to look inside.  Janice plucked a silo from the ground and
  after some passionate wrestling, the girls declared it a
  passable dildo.

    A country-side winery was a delightful find.  And while the
  great vats were small by their standards, there was enough
  for them to get a few sips.  When they left, nothing remained
  of the place but broken ruins spread about the pits of their
  gigantic footprints.

    Then about forty miles out from the city, Pam stopped and
  directed Janice's attention towards the horizon: Thousands
  upon thousands of infantry.  Hundreds of tanks and jeeps.

    They had found their little army.


                            * * * * * *


    Tim stared in awe.
    The two women were almost five miles away.
    But they were as clearly visible as if they were only twenty
  feet distant.

    Naked and awesome they stood there, obviously measuring
  up the opposition, and by the smiles and giggles, apparently
  not real impressed with it.  The brunette pointed at a line
  of infantry just ahead of his position, then she rubbed her
  flat belly and licked her lips.  Tim blanched as he realized
  what they were insinuating.  Command had not let slip any
  details about the two, but the media was going nuts over them,
  and the rumors were unstoppable.  But if their gigantic size,
  their nudity, and demener did not betray their intentions,
  then the thigh boots and high-heels clinched it.  These girls
  were ready for fun.  The blonde must have been impatient,
  because she tugged at her friend's arm, and started walking
  forward.

    It was incredible.
    The ground shook under their feet.
    And as they approached, they grew larger, and larger, and
  larger, until Tim wanted to start screaming in blind panic.
  Obviously someone in command felt the same way, because all
  at once, every tank, battery and gun let loose at once.


                            * * * * * *


    It was like blowing sand.
    Janice spread her arms wide, and let it carass her breasts.
    Pam spread her legs wider, and laughed.
    "WHAT DID I TELL YOU, JANICE?", she said "NO PROBLEM."
    "UMMMMMM." Janice purred, "THEY'RE NOT BEING VERY NICE, THOUGH."
    "GEE, YOU'RE RIGHT.  WANNA TEACH THEM A LESSON?"
    "UH, HUH."


                            * * * * * *


    Tim stared in shock as the gigantic women took everything that
  the army could toss at them with casual ease.  Then the blonde,
  Janice, took a step forward, and stepped on a gun emplacement.
  Her booted foot sank deep into the ground, and when she lifted
  in, nothing remained but metal scrap coated in gore.  Meanwhile,
  the other one, Pam, came towards Tim's position.  He looked up
  and up, as she reared over him.  Her shapely legs were long tan
  towers reaching up to her auburn furred cunt almost four hundred
  feet up.  Her colossal vulva was swollen with passion, and
  glistened about its enormous lips with her juices.  Higher up
  her titanic breasts hung vast and heavy, tipped with nipples the
  size of her thumb.

    And higher still he looked.
    Tim nearly fainted.
    She was looking right at him.
    Her black eyes nailed him to the ground like a bug.
    He felt infinitely vulnerable under her gaze, and he shrieked
  and covered his face.  There was a rush of wind, the ground
  rocked, involuntarily he dropped his hands and howled in terror
  as Pam's colossal fingers dipped down and plucked him from his
  little trench.


                            * * * * * *


    Pam examined her little catch.
    The barrage continued, but she ignored it.
    She poked at the half inch tall man with her finger, toyed with
  her mercilessly.  Then she had an inspiration.  A delightfully
  nasty idea.


                            * * * * * *


    Tim cowered under Pam's ungentle proddings.
    He was too scared to even try to escape.
    Then suddenly, the torture stopped.
    At first he thought she was going to put him back onto the
  ground.  But her hand hesitated near her right foot.  It was
  colossal, the heel was the height of a building, the foot
  rode the steep arch to the ball of her foot.  Her enormous
  toes peeked out of the front of the sandle, which was red.
  As he watched, Pam loosened the ankle strap, and raised her
  heel.  Then she dropped him in the gap.

    He slid down the steep ramp, until he collided with her soft
  wrinkled sole, far, far below.

    Her barefoot was everywhere, extending twenty some odd feet
  to either side and rising over him like a cliff.  Tim screamed
  and clawed at the sandle leather, desperately trying to
  escape.  The sandle rocked, and he sensed that she was standing
  up.  Then, slowly, horribly, her barefoot began to press down.
  The pressure building, darkness falling as her foot shut out
  the light.  The pressure increased, then held.  Tim struggled
  and writhed, unable to breath, unable to scream.  He couldn't
  believe it could get any worse.

    Then her foot became a mountain.
    He felt his guts gushing from his body.
    There was a flash of lightning...


                            * * * * * *


    Pam stood up.
    Then she slowly pressed down with her foot.  Reveling in the
  pathetic squirming of her little victim.  It felt delicious, the
  way he tickled the bottom of her foot.  But she wanted him to
  crunch for her, and she stepped fully down, lifting her left
  foot off the ground.  He squashed wonderfully, turning into a
  warm creamy mess under the ball of her foot, that oozed down
  under her toes.  She wiggled her foot in it hoping he had
  apprecitated that she had to mess up her fine sandles to squash
  him so nicely.  Then she went to look for more playtoys,
  forgetting about him, and with every step Pam, she took further
  reduced Tim to gory mash under her long luscious toes.

    Meanwhile, Janice had made up a different game.  Going about
  the field she picked up tiny men and stuck them into the
  thighband of her sexy boots.  She made a ring of them around
  each colossal thigh.  The lucky ones (lucky by her reasoning)
  being on her inner thigh, where they had a fantastic view of
  her awesome cunt.  Then she plucked up a little man, roughly
  stripped him using her long fingernails, and thust him feet
  first into her vagina.

    Feet spread, carelessly crushing men and machines, and hands on
  her hips, Janice looked down between her legs and gave her
  tiny audience something to watch.  The little men screamed and
  struggled and watched in horror as Janice slowly swallowed their
  companion.  Her cream drenching him, her labia pressing against
  him.  He choked helplessly on her copius fluids, fought vainly
  against the incessant sucking of her vagina.  Janice disdainfully
  ignored his best efforts and drew him into her body.

    Closing her eyes she concentrated on her tiny dildo.
    It wasn't a big orgasm.
    It was big enough.
    Her cunt convulsed, and her captive audience heard the final
  shriek and the popping crunch of their companion.  Reaching
  between her legs Janice ejected her latest victim into the
  palm of her hand, and showed his crushed and mangled body to her
  little guests.  Then she dropped it onto the ground and stepped
  on it.  And without moving her foot said sweetly, "OOOOH, HE FELT
  NICE.  BUT I GUESS HE COULDN'T HANDLE MY LITTLE PUSSY'S LOVE HUG.
  HMMMM, MY PUSSY WANTS TO TRY ANOTHER.  ANY VOLUNTEERS?" and
  she laughed and reached out for another little man.

    Suddenly Janice felt Pam's arms around her.
    Pam's thigh slipped between her legs, and Janice coo'ed at the
  delightful sensation of the tiny men being crushed between them.
  Turning around Janice smiled and hugged Pam.  Together they
  laid down on the ground, laughing with joy, rolling like
  children.  Thousands were caught under the ground shaking
  crush of their bodies.  They never noticed when the barrage
  stopped, when the sea of men dissolved into panic, fleeing
  for their lives.

    Then Pam stopped their roll.
    She reached over and unlaced Janice's boots, scraping the
  remains of the little men off her thighs.  Then Janice removed
  Pam's sandles, and snatching a little man, mischieviously
  inserted him between two of Pam's toes.  Pam giggled, and holding
  her foot up so Janice could watch, slowly curled her toes until
  the little man burst.  Janice stared intensly for a moment,
  then leaned forward and took Pam's toes in her mouth.  Pam
  squirmed while Janice's tongue worked.  And when Janice leaned
  back, she licked her lips slowly.  Pam's toes were wet with
  saliva, and clean.

    Pam leaned forward, and pressed Janice back onto the ground,
  then stood up.  Using her heel, she gouged a deep pit into the
  ground.  Then she went and gathered as many little soldiers as
  she could (which was a lot), and piled them into the hole.
  Finally done, she knelt down on Janice, straddling her hips
  with her tan thighs.

    Reaching into the hole Pam lifted out a tiny man, she ungently
  ripped his clothes off with her finger nails, and plopped him
  whole and wriggling into her mouth.  Then she laid down across
  Janice, who opened her mouth in anticipation.  They kissed long
  and hard, wrestling over their shared morsal with their tongues.
  The faintly heard screams of their helpless victim sending little
  shocks of pleasure into their loins.  Finally, Pam sat up, and
  watched, aroused as Janice swallowed the little man whole.

    This time Pam took a handful of men, sprinkling them onto
  Janice's enormous 42D's, then she settled down again, laying her
  own enormous mounds atop them all.  Gazing into each others
  eyes the girls slowly ground their breasts together.  Their
  great nipples crushing any unfortunate that got in their way.
  And every squashed man added warm lubrication, increasing the
  pleasure.  Sending delicious sensations through their nipples.
  When Pam sat up, both girls were panting with exertion, their
  tits were smeared with the remains of scores of smushed little
  men.

    Another handful.
    Pam leaned back.  Janice pulled her right leg out from under
  her friend and laid it across Pam's left leg.  Both girls watched
  intently as Pam poured dozens of tiny men between their crotches.
  Slowly the two mammoth cunts closed together, trapping little
  men between their titanic vulva's, between the hot moist folds
  in their labia's, tangled in great coarse pubic hairs.  One man
  squirmed madly under Janice's clit and she lolled her head back
  and moaned with pleasure.

    The two enormous cunts pressed tightly together, most of those
  that weren't simply crushed to paste, were drowned in the gushing
  flow of their mingled juices.  Janice's little masturbator had the
  fine pleasure of being horribly squashed between the girl's
  gigantic clits.

    The warm gory mess made everything slippery, heightened every
  feeling.  Their tribadism grew more intense.  The delightful
  bursting sensations diminished.  Pam violently crammed two more
  handfuls between her and Janice.  The wanted to orgasm together,
  to cum on the crushed bodies of their little victims.  The girls
  began to whimper, to moan, they sweated with the effort.

    Then Pam backed off.
    Janice stared with glazed eyes.

    Pam was having difficulty focusing, too.
    But she grabbed two more little men.
    One she stuck in her mouth, and the other in Janice's.
    Then Pam turned and sat on Janice's face, and dove, herself, for
  Janices lovely cunt.  With difficulty, both girls inserted their
  little men, then began feasting.  Their great hairy cunts
  swallowed their victims with one terrible gulp.  Powerful vaginal
  muscles gripped their miniature prey.  Tongues worked feverishly.

    The passion mounted.
    Mounted.
    Crested.

    With a shriek Pam orgasmed.  Her cunt squashed it's little
  tidbit without mercy.  Janice groaned and yelled and turned
  her own little guest into goosh.  Then they orgasmed again.
  And again.  Their mighty vaginas chewing the little men, crushing
  and squashing them.  They probed each others cunts with their
  fingers, further mashing their victims beyond recognition.

    Rolling off Janice, Pam turned around, and the girls fed each
  other.  Then embraced and kissed somemore.  It had been a long
  day.  Night fell, and they slept.

    In the morning they played some more, until only a few dozen
  little men remained.  Pam thought for a moment, then prompted
  by an urge, shared an idea with Janice.  Giggling like schoolgirls
  they squatted over the little hole.

    "WE'RE SORRY FELLOWS" said Pam, "BUT WE'RE DONE FOR NOW."
    "YAH" laughed Janice, "WE HAD FUN."
    "IT SEEMS A SHAME..."
    "WHAT DOES?"
    "WELL, THEY'VE WAITED ALL NIGHT FOR US TO PLAY WITH THEM, AND
  NOW WE'RE LEAVING."
    Janice laughed, "WE SHOULD GIVE THEM SOMETHING."
    "GOOD IDEA" said Pam, "HEY, GUYS.  WE LOVE YOU.  NOW HOLD TIGHT."

    And suddenly both girls let loose a stream of piss.  The streams
  crashed into the hole, tossing tiny men everywhere, spinning them
  in the rising liquid.  The girls watched the men drown then stood
  up.

    "Now we go to the harbor, right?" said Janice.
    Pam glanced at Janice, then at herself.  "I guess we need a bath."
    "Yah.  And I have this idea for the bridges..."
    Together they left the scene of their tremendous orgy.
    Heading west...    
  
 
  The end...again...(for now)
--
