Archive-name: 3plus/gin-ex02.txt
Archive-author: Bob of Ohio
Archive-title: Ginny - 2


Some story lines I'd like to see explored are......
She is taken to a motel room by two or more men, who show her XXX-rated
movies until she becomes a slut for them...........
In a bar at closing time, she is forced to drink more and do a striptease
on the pool table................

                          ***********************

        Okay .... here is a fantasy about your ex-wife.

Me and my friends were drinking one day and we got on the subject of sex.
The guys were talking about some of the hot looking women that come into
the bar.  The conversation immediately went to the hot looking babe named
Ginny who came in by herself occasionally and drank manhattans.  She would
sit alone at the bar and get smashed.  She would always wear short skirts
and would show generous amounts of thig when she climbed down from the 
bar stool.  The drunker she got, the more leg she'd show.  

About that time she walked in and climbed seductively upon her favorite 
barstool.  She crossed her legs and the short skirt rode way up to 
reveal her shapely legs.  Of course she ordered a Manhattan.  We began
to take bets on whether or not she was wearing panties or not.  I said
that I didn't see any panty lines when she wiggled her ass onto the barstool.

The bar was kinda desserted because it was a weeknight and me and the boys
proceeded to get shitfaced.   We kept drooling over Ginny as we noticed she
was getting pretty smashed herself because she kept going to the ladies 
room and every time she eased down from the stool, her skirt would rise 
up to her crotch.  And I was right.... NO PANTIES!  

It was getting late and we were all frustrated from watching this little
cocktease all night and began to work on some ideas to pick Ginny up.
We started buying her drinks and she would smile at us.  We got braver and
put some money in the jukebox and played some slow music, while I eased 
up to her and asked her to dance.  She accepted and slid off the stool 
immodestly.  Once on the floor I eased  my hands down to her ass.  She 
didn't resist.  I asked her what her name was and she said Ginny with a 
slight slur.  

As we danced I squeezed her buns in front of my pals and asked her if she
was married.  She said yes but her husband was stationed somehwere else 
right now and she was lonely.  I said that it must be hard on a girl to 
be all alone.  She nodded as I eased her short skirt up over her naked 
ass for all the guys to see.  I then took one hand and unbuttoned 2 
buttons on her blouse.  She didn't protest and I told her she was getting
all us guys hot and bothered.  She just pressed her body tighter against 
mine and we danced some more.  

I got braver and asked her how long it had been since she had seen her 
husband.  She said about 3 months.  Wow... 3 months is a long time to
go without sex.  She agreed drunkenly that it was too long. I told Ginny
that she was a sexy woman and wouldn't have to do without tonight if she 
didn't want to.  As a matter of fact, she could have all the cock she 
could handle if she'd like.  Her eyes lit up and she asked me what I meant.
I told her to look over at the table to my 5 horny friends that she'd 
been teasing all night.  They probably have hardons just like me from 
lusting after you.  She said "Really?"  I then asked her how she would 
like to get fucked until the sun comes up.  Then I reminded her that she 
said she hadn't gotten fucked in 3 months.  She agreed and said what now.

By now the music had stopped and I led her over to the table.  I introduced
her as Ginny and told the guys that her husband has been away for a long 
time and she needs some hard male attention.  The guys cheered Ginny and 
set her down in a chair in the midst of them.  I went and got her another
Manhattan and she slurped it down almost immediately.  One guy already had
his hand up her skirt out of sight.  Another was sitting behind her and 
had his hands under her blouse.  I planted a hot french kiss on her while
she was getting felt up.  She cooed and moaned as her pussy was getting 
fingered.  

I returned again with 2 more Manhattans and by now there were 10 hands 
roaming her body freely.  She was squirming and breathing hard. I saw 
that the men on each side of her had pulled out their cocks and Ginny
was stroking each of them.   She looked all dreamy eyed and I put another
Manhattan to her lips and kept tilting it until she'd swallowed all of it.
I then leaned over and kissed her deeply tasting the strong drink in her
mouth and on her tongue.  

She started to squirm hard and moaned loudly as her pussy was getting 
royally finger fucked.   Her blouse was down to her elbows and her nice 
tits were completely exposed now.  I gently grabbed her hair and put 
another Manhattan to her sexy red lips.  She leaned her head way back and
managed to swallow most of the Manhattan.  Some of the drink ran down her 
face and neck dripping onto her breasts.  Two of the guys began licking 
the droplets off of her nipples which made Ginny squeal with delight.  
She raked her sexy red lips with her tongue trying to get every drop of
the liquor.  It was truely erotic, and I began to have visions of sticking
my cock into her Manhatton and letting her lick it off that way. 

She was moaning and squealing as the guys were manhandling her and talking
hotly to her.  The bartender told us to keep it down, and she said she 
had to pee.  So as she tried to get up she stumbled and so a couple of 
us offered to help her to the rest room.  Me and Charlie got on each side
of her and strolled towards the ladies room.  When we were almost there
I got a wicked idea and led her into the mens room.  She was so drunk she
didn't even notice and stumbled into a stall and we set her on the toilet
after she'd raised her skirt.  We stood outside the stall and as she was 
peeing she mumbled something about not remembering the ladies room having
all the graffitti on the walls.  I asked her to read some of it out loud.
As Ginny begins to read the filth aloud my cock gets hard as a rock and 
I enter the stall.  I unzip my pants and produce my rock hard cock and 
grab a handfull of hair and pull her head to my dick.  

"Suck it bitch"  I command as force her mouth over my prick.  Charlie 
hears that and comes in the stall as she is sitting on the can and 
stands beside her and starts pumping his cock in her face as she sucks me.
I pull her mouth off of mine and push it towards Charlie's cock and tell
her to suck it too.  She does without any protest and I piston her head
back and forth over his cock by pulling on her hair kinda gently, but not 
too gently.  

About this time I heard the door open and in came the rest of the guys.
They were looking for us cause they said we'd been gone a long time.
When they saw Ginny with two cocks in her face they began to say things
like, gangbang, circle jerk, party slut, etc.   Soon the stall was crowded
with Ginny and 6 hard cocks fighting for entrance to her hot mouth.  

I slid her down from the can to the floor so more men could get to her 
face with their cocks.  The men were tugging at her hair trying to pull her 
slut mouth off of other cocks and onto theirs.  She didn't seem to mind
as she seemed to be completely in our control.  Her eyes were glassy and
she was kinda limp from all the alcohol we forced her to drink.  

The guys were really getting carried away and ramming her mouth good with
their hardons.  Sometimes she would choke when we took turns sticking our
cocks down her throat and fucking her throat. I had a wicked idea and I 
asked Ginny her phone number.  She slurred it out finally and I took a 
magic marker and wrote on the wall;  GINNY THE BLOWJOB QUEEN and I wrote 
her phone number under it.  

One of the guys suggested that we all cum on the hot little bitches face.
So we leaned her head back over the toilet and lowered the seat over her
neck like a harness to hold her head back.  She was on the verge of passing
out by now as her eyes were almost closed and her body was completely limp.
Come on guys I said, let's give this whore a cumbath!  We were all straddled
around Ginny's  face and pumping furiously at our cocks and calling her 
nasty names and talking trash.   

Take my cumload you hot married slut:  Yeah right on your pretty mouth:
Occasionally she would stick out her tongue a little and open her mouth
but other than that she was out of it as the men began to spray her 
pretty face with hot white jets of cock juice. Her face was covered with
creamy cum.  One guy stuck his cock in her ear and filled it up with cum.
I wrapped her hair around my cock and came hard in her hair and wiped 
my cock on her face.  She did muster enough strength to swallow some cum
because several of the guys shot a few squirts in her mouth.  When we 
finished with the drunken little prick princess, we wiped our cocks in her
hair and on her clothing before we pulled up our pants. 

One of the guys went to the car and got his camera and snapped a whole 
package of instant film.  She was a sight there pinned to the can with
the seat over her neck and cum all over her face, in her hair, and smeared
on her clothing.  What are we gonna do with her now?  One guy asked.
We could leave her here for entertainment, you know, mens room slut.
Or we could take her home with us and make her our sex slave.  

--
