Archive-name: 3plus/gin-ex05.txt
Archive-author: Bob of Ohio
Archive-title: Ginny - 5


I have to relate this story to all of you interested people out there
about this married woman, my wife and I picked up in a bar last weekend.

Now Karla, my wife of ten years is one hell of a good looking woman and
enjoys sex with men and women alike. Well we had been drinking most of the
day, when we decided to go to the bar across from our motel.

As our eyes became adjusted to the dim light, Karla was the one that
first noticed Ginny sitting alone at the bar. She was plainly dressed
in a blue blouse, white skirt, and matching white heels. When I turned
to see why Karla was so interested I saw that this woman's skirt was
hiked up well above her knees and about half way up her thighs, in other
words she was showing a hell of alot of leg. Karla and I also both noticed
that she seemed a little drunk, seeming to lose her balance now and then
while sitting on the bar stool.

"Whose the woman at the end of the bar?", I asked the cocktail waitress
as she brought us the drinks I ordered.

"You must mean Virginia", she said "Poor lady's husband is off to some
foreign land, he's in the military and has been gone for almost four
months now", she continued. "She spends alot of time in here, I guess
to make the time go by faster". "She's been in here since this morning
and the bartender won't serve her anymore, as she's pretty looped". She's
been drinking Manhattans all day long."

"Thanks for the info", I told her and gave her an extra large tip.

"Does she make you hot, Bill", my wife asked me.

"Yeh baby, really hot, my cock is growing pretty rigid and we may have
to head back across the street after this drink".

"Oooh noooo, Bill, Please" Karla pleaded, "She's got me hot too and if
she's like most women she's probably feeling pretty sexy after drinking
Manhattans".

"God", Karla continued, "I wonder if she's had any type of sex in the
past four months?." Can you imagine the fun we could have with her if
we got her back to our room!"

To which I replied, "Go check it out, what did the waitress say she
was drinking?, Manhattans wasn't it."

"Go up to the bar next to her and order two of them, make one a double
and then see if you can get her to come back to the table." The
waitress just said she won't be served by the bartender, so maybe she'll
come back if you tell her she can have one with us."

"Oh Bill, I love you baby". You get the greatest ideas, no wonder we
get along so great".

And with that, Karla was at the bar, ordering the drinks. My wife was
some sly fox. As she was waiting for the drinks, she accidently dropped
a bar napkin on the woman's lap.

"Oh I'm sorry, so clumsy of me". she told the lady.

"Oh....that's all right Miss.....I'm a little drunk and still thirsty
but the bartender won't serve me anymore', the woman replied.

"Oh what a shame", Karla said as she put her hand on the other woman's
shoulder, "would you like one of these manhattans I'm getting?" "You
could come back to the table with my huband and me, and the bartender
will never know".

"Really, you wouldn't mind?", the woman replied.

"Sure, let me help you over to the table......aah what was your name?"
Karla asked as I watched her very secretly let her hand fall from the
woman's shoulder and lightly feel her breast as she did.

"My names Ginny, Virginia really, but I liked to be called Ginny", she
said.

Walking together to the table, I admired how my wife was feeling up this
woman without her suspecting anything. As Karla walked she was talking and
running her hand across this gal's sweet ass. God my dick was hard!

"Bill, this is Ginny", "Ginny my husband Bill and my name is Karla".

"Very glad to meet you Ginny, here slip in the booth, you can sit
between Karla and I, the waitress said the bartender wouldn't serve
you anymore", I said as I took Ginny's arm and helped her into the booth.

Karla moved in closly to Ginny on her other side, and handed the woman
the Manhattan with the double shot.

"Go ahead Ginny, drink it up sweetheart", I know how you feel, I've been
there before myself", Karla said as she held the glass up to Ginny's
mouth.

"I notice your wedding band Ginny," Karla continued, "Where's your
husband......must be crazy to leave a good-looking woman like you alone
in a bar all day by herself."

"No, He's in the service, gone four months now to Korea"..."I sure get
lonely, the kids are all grown and gone and I guess I drink to pass the
time away."

Without her realizing it, Ginny had drank the Manhattan and Karla had
now slipped the other one into Ginny's hand.   While still talking to Ginny,
Karla put her arm over the booth seat and let it fall across Ginny's
shoulders.

"You know Ginny", Karla was telling her, "Bill once had to go away on
business for two weeks, and I was climbing the walls if you know what
I mean honey!"  "How have you put up with the frustration for four months?"
"Do you have a lover?"

"Oh no" Ginny quickly said, and with that she drank the rest of the second
Manhattan in one quick drink.

About this time the waitress came by and told us it was last call for
drinks.

"Honey", I asked my wife, "would you like one more before they close?"

"Bill, why don't we just go get a bottle and some mix, then the three
of us can go back to our room and not worry about closing time", my
wife said, as she winked her eye at me.

"Okay, Ginny would you like to go with us? You said you were still
thirsty and Karla and I will make sure you get home whenever you
want", I asked Virginia.

"Geesee, youse guys are really a great couple", Ginny slurred, the
two quick Manhattans having done the job on her. "I juslt dount feel
like calling it a night yet." "Are you sure you won't mind?"

"What are friends for Ginny", Karla said to her, "Hell we don't
have anything we have to do tomorrow, we'd love to have your
company.....and a few more drinks", she added.

"Oh Ginny", Karla said as we started to get out of the booth, "Hon,
I dropped my lighter, just go ahead and climb out over me and then
I can look for it".

Ginny didn't give Karla's request another thought as she raised her leg
over Karla.....not realizing the streching lifted her skirt well up
her leg, showing that besides stockings, she also had garters holding
them up. "Damm" I said to myself as my cock grew harder, "she's got
legs that really go all the up to her ass!".

Karla didn't miss the oppurtunity either, as I watched my wife's hand
trail up Ginny's outstretched leg, feeling her well above the top
of Ginny's stocking. Ginny must have been well lit, as she never even
seemed to notice that Karla was actually feeling her up, as she
crawled over her.

Ginny sat between Karla and I in the car. Again my wife was at her
best, she actually bunched Ginny's white skirt quite away up her leg
as she got in the car. I could easily see the black garters Ginny wore
and she made no attempt to pull her skirt back down.

As we drove to the liquer store Ginny and Karla chatted idly, and I was
just content to watch Ginny's legs shifting around as Karla moved on
the seat. It was going to be a really hot night if Karla's instincts
were right about this poor guy's wife. I might add Karla has a pretty
good percentage of picking up women and getting them to bed.

The drive back home was uneventful, until we got into the parking lot.

"Bill", Ginny and I will let you be a gentleman and open the door for
your two ladies of the evening...okay??"

"Sure honey", I answered....wondering what my wife had in mind now. She
was usually out of the car before me.

I should have known!. As Karla got out she slid out as far as she could
causing her own dress to ride almost up to her waist. Ginny's eyes
didn't miss that site though, she was actually staring at my wife's
stocking clad legs, her red garters, and most of all the sheer bikini
red panties Karla was wearing. Ginny hell, that sight almost made me come
right there. But Karla wasn't through yet, she wrapped her arms around my
neck, and standing on her tip toes opened her mouth to mine. She let out an
animal moan, as her hand reached down and caressed my cock from outside
my pants. Ginny was staring, as the motel parking lot was well lit, and
she could easily see my buldge as my wife's hand caressed it more and more.

When she broke the kiss, she turned to walk with Ginny towards our room.

"Ginny, I feel so sorry for you, when I think of your husband being gone
so long", she was telling Ginny as her hand went around the attractive
wife's waist.

"Make us drinks Bill, STIFF ones okay honey", Karla said as we entered the
room, and she and Ginny went to sit on the couch. "But don't you get drunk
on me honey, cause when Ginny leaves, you're going to think I have become
an animal of passion".

"Maybe Ginny would like to watch one of those XXX-Rated movies we rented
today honey", I called to my wife as I went about fixing the drinks.

"Oooh yes honey, what do you say Ginny, maybe that will take a little of the
edge off your feeling lonely."

"I don't care really, I never really watched one in private. My husband
took me to a Topless Bar one night, where they showed movies like that,
and I did enjoy it", Ginny replied

As I had come into the motel room. I had turned the heat on...even tho it
was summer, I figured the extra heat might get things started faster.

"Whew it's getting hot in here honey", Karla said. "I mean besides the
FUCKING going on in this movie", she continued.

Karla and I had both noticed that Ginny seemed to start rubbing her legs and
herself anytime that we had used any type of dirty talk, so Karla was
doing it as much as possibe, using the movie as an excuse. As the action
on the screen got hotter, Karla kept lifting Ginny's drink , making
her drink more than she realized.

"God Ginny, I hope you don't mind, but I'm going to slip my dress top down."
And without waiting for an answer from the unsuspecting wife, Karla was now
quite close to Ginny on the couch, in only the sheerest red bra and pantie
outfit, her sexy hose and high heeled shoes.

I was sitting in the chair watching to make sure I kept Ginny's glass
more than half full. I'm not sure if it was the drinks, the movie or
my wife's state of undress, but Ginny was now running her own hands over
her breasts. She was definitely not cooling off, but rather walking
right into my wife's web of sex.

On the TV screen a man was behind a full dressed woman, his hands around
her body, rubbing her breasts, and kissing her ear.

I watched Karla as she took the oppurtunity of moving her mouth to Virginia's
own ear and whispering out loud, "Wouldn't you like your husband here right
now Ginny with his mouth at your ear like I am, and for him to play his hot
tongue around it Ginny", isn't that what you'd like right now.....like
this Ginny!"

Without warning, my wife englufed Ginny's left ear, while she let her
hand caress Virginia's breast from outside her blue blouse.

Ginny was too shocked to try and stop her, instead her head rolled back
eyes closed and she grasped my wife's hand moving it even more over
her evidently aroused breasts.

"Have you ever been with another woman Ginny?", Karla asked as she now
began to undo the top two buttons of Ginny's blouse.

"No, never, not at all Karla." Ginny whispered, "It's just not right
two women together".

"Why Ginny, Why isn't it right?", "It feels good doesn't yet?" Karla
continued to whisper in Ginny's ear, her tongue wet and kissing her
lobe as she spoke and caressed Ginny's hot body.

"Oh God, Yes Karla", the sex starved wife replied. "But please Karla,
please, I'm so drunk, it feels good but....but..but..agggh YES oh Yes"
Ginny gasped as my wife now had her hand inside Ginny's blouse, and was
slipping it inside Ginny's half bra.

I couldn't take anymore, and I undid my zipper, I had to have relief
for my now harder than ever cock.

"Look Ginny, look at Bill", Karla told her as she forced Ginny to look
over at me. She held Ginny by the jaw, so she could see me stoking my
cock as I watched the two women.

"See Ginny, see what we're doing for Bill, see how big his cock is
Ginny, just because he got hot watching you and me."

"Karla, No, No, please Karla, I'm married, I'm a married woman and
I shouldn't be here, please stop this insanity now", Ginny begged.

Instead Karla herself was now so hot feeling Ginny's full breasts and
hard nipples, that she ran one hand up under Ginny's white skirt. As
the hem moved up her leg, I could see my wife caressing Ginny's creamy
white thigh, and then move even further up the sexy leg until she
had her hand on Ginny's cunt, pressing the silk of her panties into
Ginny's wet pussy.

The prior resolved wive was now like a slut in heat. She was half on and half
off the couch as Karla continued to get her hotter and hotter.

"Noooooo, OH God Karla noooooooooo," Ginny swooned as my wife had now
slipped Ginny's blouse off her shoulders, and was pulling her breasts
from out of the top of the black bra. Ginny's nipples stood out like erasers
God they were hard.

As I continued to watch and beat my cock, Karla now slipped down and took
one of Ginny's hard nipples in her mouth, sucking on it, and her other hand had
now entered into the top of Ginny's panties. In the dim light I could see
my wife's fingers invading Ginny's slit. Ginny herself was out of it, her
body was thrashing all over the couch as Karla made love to her.

"I love you nipples Ginny, your breasts your pussy, and you love it too,
don't you Virginia, tell me, tell me!" my wife was getting this sex-starved
wife close to an orgasim.

"Yes, OH YES! I'm a fucking slut, a fucking whore", Ginny screramed as my
wife now dropped between Ginny's legs and her mouth found Ginny's hot
pussy. Karla pushed Ginny back on the couch, until her head was
dangling over the end, and I saw my oppurtunity. I quickly kicked off
my pants and shorts and walked over to Ginny's head.

"Look Ginny, look at Bill's prick Ginny", Karla chided her, "you cunt
Virginia, you've made my husband so fucking hard by being such a fucking
tramp, now suck him Ginny, suck him all the way into your fucking
throat."

Nooo, Oh God nooo, I don't even do that for my husband...I can't, I just
can't Karla.

"Fuck you bitch", I yelled at Ginny as I grabbed her hair and pulled her
lips to my swollen cock, "Open up that fucking mouth you whore or I'll
pull your hair out of that pretty fucking head of yours.

"Here Ginny how about a good finger fuck to go along with my tongue fuck
of your throbing pussy" Karla moaned as I watched her shove three of
her fingers into Ginny.

"Aggggh, YES, YES, OM MY GOD KARLA YES, Finger my cunt baby, finger fuck
me like that, oh God harder harder oh God I'm going to cum......

As Ginny's mouth opened, I shoved my dick brutally into her hot mouth.
My wife's fingers in her cunt must have done the trick, because Ginny
wasn't fighting it anymore, in fact she was sucking more and more of my
cock deep inside her mouth. It wasn't going to take much before I lost
it.

"Yes Ginny, Yes baby suck my husband's cock, you've always wanted to
suck a man off haven't you Virginia?"

"Agghys, yagghs, Ginny tried to answer her, but she had my cockhead back
against her throat, making it impossible for her to talk.

"Oh fuck honey, I'm going to cum. I cumming baby", I shouted to my wife,
but as I tried to pull out of Virginia's mouth she wouldn't let go. Her
body was being racked with one orgasm after another as Karla wouldn't
let up on her finger fucking of this beautiful 42 year old woman. Even
Karla had never taken my cum in her mouth, but now as it burst forth. I felt
Ginny's throat gulping taking my load deep inside her sex-starved body,
She continued to keep up the sucking and I watched as globs of my cum
oozed out along where her lips held my still rigid cock.

My cock was still staying hard, and grabbing Ginny's head I actually
fucked her mouth just as if I was fucking her hot pussy, ramming my
stiff prick in and out of her sweet hot mouth.

Well, folks, I really don't remember much after that, never had I ever
come so often in one night as I did that one. We all three carried on
til daylight. Karla fucked Ginny with a dildo, her tit, a strap on
dildo, and even a beer bottle. Ginny just didn't seem to get fucked
enough. She also took me in her mouth three more times that night.

I have to hand it to my wife tho, she said it would be wrong for me
to fuck Ginny, since she was married, and didn't want to have an
affair. But if you're ever around that part of the country and you see
this middle aged red-head sitting at the bar, drinking manhattans,
beware you're in for one hell of a night!


Regards from Bill and Karla of New Jersey....
........................................................................

Thanks to you both.......It's really great the  respnse I have gotten from
all you people out there. I'm open to just about anthing at all....and if
you have fantasy you'd like to hear about, give me the facts and I'll see what
I can do. Please leave notes, storys and comments with the start of the
file name as GIN-???? so I can find them in the files section.

--
