Archive-name: 3plus/gin-ex03.txt
Archive-author: Bob of Ohio
Archive-title: Ginny - 3


Ginny had been at the bar since early afternoon. Her husband had been
gone for over two months and it would be another four months before he
would be back on leave.

"Hey Arnie", she called," How about another Manhattan before you close,
okay honey?"

"Hey Babe, are you sure you can handle it and still drive home okay?",
Arnie asked her.

"Oh, you think I've had too much to drink tonight don't you?", Ginny
slurred. "Well I'm perfectly sober, so bring me another, no make it a
double Manhattan."

When Arnie brought the drink to her, and she tried to pay for it,
Arnie said, "Already taken care of Ginny, by the two guys at the end of
the bar".

"Thanks guys", Ginny yelled, "Care to join me?. She was quite drunk and
she never realized how horny and hot she got when she had drank so much,
especially Manhattans.

The two men came over to where Ginny wa sitting, one on each side of her.

"Hi, I.m Bill and this is Jim", the dark haired man said, "And who
are you?"

"I'm Virginia, but you can call me Ginny", she replied.

"What's a good looking woman like you doing in the bar so late by
yourself?", asked Jim, "I don't mean to be nosey, but I see you have a
wedding band on."

"Oh, my husband is in the service and is gone for six months", she
replied to him, slurring her words more as she drank.

Arnie was now locking the door, and getting ready to call it a night.
"Jim", he called out, will you lock up if you stay any longer?", he asked.

"Sure Arn", he replied, "that's why I'm the owner of this bar".

After Arnie had left, Jim moved behing the bar, and kept mixing them
drinks; all the time Ginny was getting drunker and drunker.

"Hey Bill, here's four quarters, how about playing something on the juke
box, maybe Ginny would like to dance for us."

"How about it Gin, will you dance for us?", he asked her.

"Noo, nooo, I think I am getting a little drunk, so I had better leave
now and go home", she told him.

Bill replied, comming up from behind Ginny's barstool, "We didn't say
you could leave yet honey, besides Jim wants you to dance for us".

"You two can go to hell, I said I was leaving, and I am". But as she
tried to get down from the stool, Bill grabbed her and held her, pushing
her forward so she was trapped between the barstool and the bar. In the
meantime Jim had mixed a really stong Manhattan and placed it in front
of Ginny.

"You'd better drink this Ginny", Jim told her, "You're going to need it
before we finish with you babe."

Ginny tried to struggle, but Bill was holding her head as Jim brought
the potent drink to Ginny's lips, "Drink it Bitch I said".

The two men wrestled with the drunken wife. She was no match for their
strength and they litteraly forced Ginny to gulp the large glass of
alcohol, some of it spilling on her sheer white blouse.

When they let her go, Ginny was breathing rapidly.

"Here Ginny, let us wipe your blouse", Bill said and both men now began
running their hands over Virginia's large breasts.

"No, please don't, don't", she pleaded but she could actually feel her
nipples hardening as she was manhandled by the two men. "I'm married,
this isn't right, please let me go", she continued.

Both of the men laughed at her pleas, and now Bill was holding her arms
behind her back as Jim slowly began undoing the buttons on her blouse.

"Ginny you know you want it don't you?" Jim said to her as he slipped
his hands inside her blouse, felling her breats encased in their black
half bra. "I'll bet you love to play with yourself don't you CUNT,
you probably masturbate all the time don't you bitch?".

"No, Oh God don't do this to be, please, please !", Ginny rplied, her
eyes now closed as her body grew hotter and hotter. "It's not right,
please you have me so hot, touching me like this, but I can't I can't,
I"m married", she sobbed.

"Will you dance for us Ginny, dance up on the pool table and will let
you go", Jim told her.

"Yes",sob "Yes" Ginny replied, but promise you won't touch me anymore,
please!"

The two men now helped Ginny over and up on the pool table. She felt
their rough hands on her legs as they lifted her and she didn't know
how to get out of this situation.

"Hey Bill, Let's see how she dances to this song?"

The empty barroom now filled with the music from the song , The Stripper.

Ginny was rigid now, standing on top of the pool table, she just wanted
to get out of this place, but as the music continued her body began to
move, like it had a mind of it's own. She could feel her hips start to
sway, as tho she had wanted them too, but it was like she was outside,
looking at herself with the two men standing alongside the table.

"Take it off, baby", they yelled as Ginny's drunken state took over and
she began to gyrate her hips more and more. "Show us those tits Ginny",
they called and now Ginny's hands went to the top buttons of her blouse.
Slowly, one by one, she began to undo each one until her white blouse
was completly gaping open. Her excited breasts and nipples could easily
be seen as they strained against the black silky material of her half-bra.

"Now your legs, honey, pull up that skirt and show us those georgeous legs
of yours, you slut." Yes, yes, Ginny's mind reeled, that's what she was
a SLUT, a real SLUT, stripping her body, really wanting to be mistreated
by these two men. Her hands inched her black skirt higher and higher as
she continued to dance, all the while becoming more and more excited.
Her hands went under her skirt now as she raised it above her knees and
her hands felt the smoothness of her inner thighs.

Then the juke box was still. Bill and Jim clapped, and cried out, "More,
more Whore, we want to see it all you cunt", they screamed at her.

The drinks had done their job thourghly on Virginia, she was so hot
she would have masturbated herself to a climax if she was alone at
this moment. Then Bill was handing her a glass and without a thought,
she downed another stiff Manhattan, the liquid burning her further inside.

"Take that skirt off Ginny", Jim said to her, "Take it off and just dance
without any music while you touch yourself thru your bra and panties".

"OOOOh God, I'm so HOT", she moaned. "This is all so wrong, I'm a married
woman, and my poor husband is gone, gone and I'm dancing in a bar on a
pool table for two strange men, but I can;t stop myself".

"Of course you don't Ginny, you just want to stop that burning fire inside
you, don't you Ginny?"  "Go ahead baby, play with those tits, I'll bet
you can take the nipples in your own mouth and suck on them, can't you?"

"Yes, Oh Yes", Ginny replied, "Keep talking dirty to me, tell me waht
to do, I'M so fucking hot, I can't control myself", she moaned.

"Look down her Ginny, Look at the two cocks we have out for you to play
with after you finish dancing for us, makes you want it bad, doesn't it
Ginny?", Jim teased her.

When Ginny looked down and saw both men with their cocks in their hand,
she went wild, She couldn't stop herself from now reaching under each
breast and slowly she brought them fully free of her restraining bra.

"How about your cunt, baby, show us that hot pussy of yours Ginny",
Bill continued.

Now Ginny's hands moved down her body, until her fingers played with the
silk of her panties, pressing the silky material deep insude herself.
"Keep talking to me, please, please", she pleaded.

"What Ginny, hey you hot fucking whore, what do you want us to do to you,
Tell us Ginny, you tell us what you're feeling".

"You know; I want it, I want it all", she cried.

"All of what Ginny, what is the WHAT, bitch?"

"Ooooh No, please I want you to talk dirty to me, not me to you."

"Do you want something between your legs Ginny?????"

"Yes you know what I want, You know, please don't tease me anymore,
please, please", she begged.

"Your fingers Ginny, use your fingers and also hold up your tit and kiss
it cunt, you fucking housewife, you had better do what we say".

Ginny's right hand now pushed her panties down over her hips and her
hot wet slit was fully exposed. As her fingers found their way inside
herself, she reached up and bending her head well forward, she was able
to lick the tip of her left nipple.

"Tell us what you're doing, what you want Ginny, what should we do with
our fingers Ginny?"

"FUCK ME, FINGER FUCK ME, OOOOH YES, YES DO IT TO ME", she screamed.

"Fuck yourself Ginny, keep fingering that wet pussy and lay down on
the table."

Now rollover ontop of your hand Ginny and hump those fingers, hump 'em
you cunt, and tell us what you're doing.

"Sob, sob, Ooooh God, Oh God I want to come so bad", Ginny whispered as
she did as she was told. Her body was actually fucking her right hand
as tho there was a man's cock inside her. "YES, YES, OH FUCK I'M GOING
TO COME, I'M GOING TO CUM, PLEASE, PLEASE PLEASE FUCK ME HARDER, HARDER,
YES YES YES, OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH

--
