Archive-name: 3plus/gin-note.txt
Archive-author: Bob of Ohio
Archive-title: Ginny - note


Thanks for the response to the Gin- stories.....really enjoy them. 
Quite a thing, the "mind" and how it can create fantasies!

More info on the "Past"

Ginny had two very close girlfriends, Pat and Dottie.

Pat was a brunette, about 5'6", thin, but nice breasts. She knew
Ginny as they were both divorced when I came into the picture
many years ago. When Ginny and I got married, I had heard the
comment, "Guess Pat will have to find a new 'Girlfriend' now".

Dottie is two years older than Ginny, and they knew each other
from highschool. They were both phone operators. Dottie got
married, moved to Los Angeles, but her husband died as she has
never remarried. Dottie is a very outspoken woman. She's 5'5",
dark black hair, and well built on the top-side. Dottie would
come visit with us, and Ginny also would go by herself at times
to LA and stay with Dottie.

You thinking what I a'm thinking?  I think both of these women
might have had sex with Ginny. Since Ginny is the very straight
laced brought-up woman from back EAST, I'm sure both, Pat and
Dottie would have had to get Ginny drunk to have sduced her. Ginny
would have put up a good try to stop them, even when she was drunk
but don't believe it did her anygood.

Possible story lines:

Ginny gets drunk with Pat, spends the night at Pat's house
where Pat slips in bed with her after Ginny has passed out
and begins to seduce her. Ginny tries to stop her, but the way
alcohol effects her she finally gives in.

Ginny goes to visit Dottie. They go out on the town, with the
last bar they visit being a Lesbian bar. Dotie acts surprised
but when they get back to her house, she talks about what they
each saw going on. Ginny is getting hotter as they talk, until
Dottie starts to strip for Ginny. Again Ginny is turned on, but
trys to resist as Dottie makes advances to her. Does Ginny let
it happen?

Either Pat or Dottie take a drunken Ginny to an S&M club as their
guest. As Ginny drinks, the acts she sees excite her and she is
then taken on to the stage and made a performer, under her most
pleading attempts to not do "this" to her.

Hope this gives some new stories here on the Board.....Let me
know if you'd like me to type up some fantasies about your
lives.......Upload in file area #37, with Gin-????.zip files.

--
