Archive-name: 3plus/gin-ex04.txt
Archive-author: Bob of Ohio
Archive-title: Ginny - 4


I'd watched Ginny for over an hour before I walked over to her. She was 
older than the type I usually went for, but at the speed she was downing 
Manhattan's I reckoned it was only a matter of time before she keeled 
off that bar-stool and fell into the arms of whichever guy happened to 
be nearest.

Juliette sat besides me, perfectly happy for me to do what I liked. I 
was in town on business, Juliette was a local 17 year old slut, $100 an 
hour, but I didn't care. First time I'd used her it had been for a quick 
fuck to close of a day of hard business. I got bored of her after two 
hours in the hotel, bleached blonde bimbos have their uses, but once 
you've exhausted those, life can get monotonous. 

So the red-head's cute but slightly drunken attempts to dance kept us 
amused. She was a good looking broad, in great shape for her age, and 
she had this killer of a dress. Actually, calling it a dress is an 
exaggeration, just a tight pink back-less leotard with a short lacy 
mini-skirt. A girl half her age might have carried it off, but on Ginny 
it screamed 'I know I'm older than the rest, but I'm not as fussy". 
Guess she was out of touch with the gear they wore nowadays, cos that 
sure as hell wasn't the impression she wanted.

I called over the barman and tipped him the usual $20 for $10 of drinks. 
Then I placed a $100 bill on the table. "Triple measures for the lady in 
the green and white" I told him. He didn't care, knew me as a regular, 
and she didn't fit in with his yuppie clientele.

She had five drinks in the next half hour. Soon as she'd finished one, 
the next arrived. "Didn't I jusht buy one?" she asked with a drunken 
slur. "No Madam? I don't think so..." he'd tell her, winking at me and 
the slut.


She stood up to ready to leave, and tripped onto the floor. As the 
barman gave her a hand back up, I motioned to Juliette to take her bag. 
With it under her coat, we slipped out and stood outside in the 
entrance, until Ginny finally appeared at the door.

"Excush me? Have you sheen a blue handbag" she asked. "Sorry lady, can't 
help you. What's the problem?"

"I've losht it and, <hic> I'm losht..." she said, seeming the worse for 
wear by the minute.

"Okay, well howabout if my girlfriend and I take you home? I've got a 
limo for the night, so we can share" I told her.

"Would you do that for me? You're lovely, your girlfriendsh lovely 
too... Shesh real pretty and you're real handshome..."

The three of us climbed into the stretch limo, and I told the driver our 
out-of-town destination. Pulling out my wallet, I waved $500 in 
Juliette's face. "Tonight, there's no questions, you do what I ask you 
to. You want to play?" "Yeah, I mean sure! Whatever you want. For $500 
I'll fuck my brother, then blow the dog for kicks...." "Well, you never 
know... though I've got some different ideas".

As we drove out of the town, I pulled open the small mini-bar that sat 
beneath the rear arm-rest. Juliette fixed a Manhattan for Gini, and a 
glass of champagne for us, then raised the cocktail to our passenger's 
lips. "Have a drink baby, it's the one you like!"

Gini gulped it down then burped. "I feel real woozy!" she told Juliette. 
"I don't think I should have any more..." 

"Oh honey! Sure you should. Here, have another. This time she got a 
mouthful of neat Gin, not that she seemed to notice. "Who are you 
again?" she asked Juliette. "You're real nice... sho's your friend. Ish 
he gonna fuck me?"

"That's right baby. He's going to fuck you but only if you want to... 
You do want to don't you?"

"Gee, I don't quite know what I want" she said, as Juliette's hand moved 
up her thighs, toying with the frills of the mini-skirt.

I passed Juliette the vibrating dildo from a seat pocket, switching it 
on. "We love you Ginny!" I told her, as Juliette gently rubbed it along 
the inside of her now exposed thigh, while I slowly pulled down one of 
the string arms of the drunk woman's leotard. 

"Oh! Ahhh..." she sighed, the vibrator now being moved up and down the 
damp front of her panties. Juliette bent forwards and kissed her on the 
lips. "Open your mouth baby, let me kiss you nicely?"

"I shouldn't.... your a girl and all. You're both sho nishe though... 
Pleash can I have another drink?"

"Of course you can! Open wide, let me and let me give you some?" 
Juliette opened the bottle of Gin and took a mouthful. Ginny's eyes 
looked bloodshot, but she smiled as her lips parted to meet Juliette's. 
I pulled out my cock as I watched the prostitute dribbling neat gin from 
between those cute red lips. Some dribbled down Ginny's chin and down 
onto the exposed flesh of her gorgeous 36" breasts. I licked at the 
drink feeling her nipple harden from the warmth of my tongue.

As the car pulled past the farm's security gates, Ginny and Juliette 
were in deep embrace, tongues intertwined, and wet with saliva and 
drink. It was cool to watch this bleach-blonde 17 year old slut forcing 
herself onto a woman more than twice her age, and the prostitute seemed 
to be enjoying herself. Twice I had to give her ass a gentle slap as the 
dildo wandered from Ginny's pussy to her own, though shit, it was my 
money so I call the shots right?

My driver stopped the car outside the house, and came round to open the 
door. When Juliette pulled away to climb out Ginny complained "Oh no? 
Pleash don't stop... I feel so horny..." 

"Ok Juliette, give her the vibrator then help her out." Ginny waddled to 
the front door, completely out of it, as she rubbed the dildo against 
her panties, kept upright only by Juliette's strong left arm. I led the 
two girls straight to the 'ladies' bedroom, turned on the lights, and 
pulled back the pink satin sheets of the four poster. Ginny fell back 
onto it, pulling her legs up immediately to expose a lightly haired cunt 
that wouldn't have been out of place on a girl half her age. "Pleash may 
I push it in?" she pleaded. "I have to cum?"

"No, not just yet" I told her, taking the vibrator from her hand. I rang 
the bell and a waiter appeared, quite nonplused by the sight of this 
woman, legs apart on the bed. "Yes sir? You require a drink?"

"A Manhattan for the lady on the bed, and we'll have Gin and Tonics" I 
told him. He immediately fixed our drinks, responding to my motion to 
double the measure in Ginny's. "Down in one girls!" I said, enjoying 
Ginny's smile as she swallowed the glass's contents. "Pleash will you 
fuck me? Or let the waiter? Or <hic> let Juliette?" she asked. "Or do 
anything, jusht <hic> be shexy with me?"

"Can I tell you what would really please me Ginny? Something I'd find 
really sexy and nice? I'd like to video us together, you know, as a kind 
of momento."

"Ok, but you wouldn't show it to anyone would you?" She didn't wait for 
an answer, just unclasped her skirt and pulled off the leotard and 
panties until she was naked as the day she was born.

"What do you want me to wear?" asked Juliette. "You got the new-wave 
gear with you?" I asked, and watched her take the black pvc mini-dress 
out of her bag. She looked so cute, the youthful curves of her body 
emphasized by the tiny clingy wet-look dress, it was one of my 
favorites. The short 'bob' style wig and dark sunglasses added a cool 
edge to the costume, though a pair of pink leather ankle boots and 
frilly white socks reminded me of her age.

I walked behind the camera's tripod, and turned on the photo-floods, as 
my hired help joined Ginny on the bed. Juliette placed a pillow beneath 
Ginny's head, and moved her slender arms to her sides. She took one of 
her nipples between her lips and sucked it hard, then moved up, kissing 
and sucking at the woman's neck. As she moved her head I zoomed in on 
the hickie left behind, as another was beginning to form higher up. 
Ginny was quite oblivious to the trail of love-kisses especially as her 
17 year old "lover's" fingers begin to toy with her clitoris, rubbing it 
up and down, then away.

Juliette's tongue traced a line of saliva down between Ginny's breasts, 
over her tummy, and ending over her spread open pussy. As her tongue 
worked the clit up and down Ginny sighed, opening her eyes, and with an 
apologetic pout told me "I need to come.... I don't want it to stop, but
I need to bad... I'm so fucking hot.

 "Would you like him to fuck you now?" she asked. "Yes pleash! May 
I?" 

I walked forwards and knelt between Ginny's thighs. With my thumb I 
begin to masturbate her erect clit, as I felt Juliette's hand surround 
my cock, and start to move it back and forward. Her pussy was juicy 
beyond belief and Juliette slipped my cock between those tight labia 
without hesitation or problem. 

I felt the warmth of Ginny's cunt surround me, and begin thrusting 8" of 
hard dick into her deep love passage. Juliette lowered her face and I 
felt her tongue licking at my ass as her fingers massaged Ginnys clit. 
Ginny was squeezing her tits between her hands so hard it looked like it 
should hurt, and making little squeals of ecstasy every time I thrust 
into her. "Oh yes, fuck me... fuck me so hard, please make it hurt. I 
want your cum inside me, give me your babies, make me cum. I'm a slut, a 
whore, a cunt, I want your cock so bad I'd pay for it... Use me, 
Ohhhh!!! YES!!!!! Please!!!"

When Ginny came she was loud! I saw Juliette's finger deep in her ass, 
pumping it as her tongue pumped mine, and when I came I thought it 
wouldn't stop. I spurted my cum jolt after jolt, until it was 
overflowing, dripping from the edge of my cock down the inside of her 
thighs. As I begin to withdraw, Juliette's tongue was suddenly frantic 
as it lapped the cum from us both, her wig brushing us and bringing a 
second orgasm to Ginny, and making my cock shudder. I fell back aside 
Ginny, worn by the power of my orgasm, and smiled at the seventeen year 
old. Cum was dripping from her face.

--
