Archive-name: 3plus/gin-ex01.txt
Archive-author: Bob of Ohio
Archive-title: Ginny - 1


Greetings and welcome to the world of Sweet Revenge. I was married
to a woman for 20 years while in the AirForce. Two years after I retired
she walked out on me to marry another man, and took half my retirement
pay with her. So now I have been cruising the BBS and asking folks who
enjoy writing fantasies, just what they might have done to her. Following
is a story written by a gentleman from Ohio, on how he would have made love
to her while I was stationed at some isolated sight. He has taken the path
of how she got really passionate when she drank. If you enjoy the story
then note at the end, I have included some information on her and possible
story lines......Hope you Enjoy!

.......................................................................

While you were gone on that 6 month assignment, I met your wife at
a bar in town. She was quite attractive, and the night I describe
below, she was pretty high from drinking Manhattans all day....
........................................................................


I waited by the tavern for Virginia.  Virginia was married
as I was.  She was about five-feet, eight-inches tall, and a luscious
woman.  She was an exotic maiden with long, curly, auburn hair, and
deep, penetrating ebony eyes, which burned like wildfire when she was
drunk like now.  She was very trim and healthy, she had an ivory smile
that would light up a room, and the most perfect breasts I had seen,
and I judged them to be about as firm as they were large.


When I picked her up at eight, she was wearing a stunning red dress
that flowed about her lovely athletic body like a glove.  Ruffles
trailed from the shoulder to the hem, and she looked fine.  Her hair
was done up in an exquisite bun, with intentional locks of her curly
hair trailing down to her shoulders.  Her slender, shapely legs were
sheathed in auburn silk pantyhose.

We opened our mouths as we kissed passionately.  I opened the car door
for her, and her perfume began to drive me wild as she whispered seduc-
tive words in my ear.  I started up the car and drove.  Our conversa-
tion was slightly risque as we drove to Arnie's Bar.  Once there, we
danced slowly, her head on my shoulders, and I caressed her smooth back
as we swayed to the music.  Her nipples began to harden under the fab-
ric of her dress.  
After dinner, we went back to my house at her request.  I poured some
wine for us, and we sat on the couch in each others lap sipping quietly
and talking.  Soon, Virginia placed her glass on the table and took my
face in her warm, smooth hands and placed a long, passionate kiss on my
eager lips.  It was time, I thought, and I had better get moving.  I
stood up with her still in my arms, and I carried her to my room as we
kissed passionately.  

I set her down upon the bed, and, sitting next to her, I held her face
gently as I kissed her again.  She was very responsive, meeting my ton-
gue with her own, and we kept kissing.  My hands slowly trailed form
her face to her bosom.  Her nipples were hard as pebbles, and she was
breathing heavily.  As I circled her breasts gently with my hands, she
began to stroke my crotch in a pleasing rhythmic motion.

"Take it off," she said, gesturing to the back of her dress.

Still fondling her left breast, I reached around he back and slowly,
carefully, pulled the zipper down to the small of her back.

She stood up before me, kicked off her pumps, and removed her dress,
revealing her beautiful breasts clad in a auburn strapless bra.  She was
also wearing a pair of scant auburn panties, and a auburn, frilly garter-
belt.  She raised her leg and placed her small foot between my legs.

I eyed the garter she was wearing and, stroking her thigh, I slowly
pulled the garter down her leg, and off of her foot.  I stood up and
removed my jacket.  Placing it on my nightstand, I slowly removed the
remaining clothing from my yearning body.  

I looked deeply into her burning coal eyes, and I kissed her passion-
ately, our tongues fighting for space, as I reached around and gingerly
unhooked the clasp of her bra.  I took it to my nose and gently inhaled
the sweet perfume of her breast.  Her beautiful boobs were a sight to
behold, firm and round, topped with soft brown nipples, and her flushed
areola was firm and hard.

As I caressed her smooth breasts, she reached to my ass and gave me a
good squeeze as she removed my underwear.  Her eyes opened in awe as my
already stiff penis popped free, all seven inches.  I was not exactly
monstrous, but my erect phallus was an inch and half wide.

She planted a soft kiss on the head of my cock as I reached for the pin
in her hair.  She stood up and removed it, and her long, curly auburn
hair fell down over her shoulders, and between her lovely breasts.

I gently pulled her panties down her lithe, sexy legs, and she stepped
out of them.  We embraced, our lips locked in a sexy, tonguing kiss. 
As we slowly rocked to and fro, my dick between us, we slowly caressed
each other.  She spent a lot of time squeezing my butt, as I gently
rubbed her asscheeks.

We kissed long and hard, and we both got very aroused.  Soon, we broke
and she gave my dick a gentle tug.  I lifted her in my arms, and I pla-
ced a finger in her vagina.  It was nice and wet, and she moaned as I
played with the folds of her pussy.

I lay her down on the bed, and she parted her legs.  I held my dick in
my hand, but she said, "Not yet...  Eat me."

As she pulled her supple body to the end of the bed, I knelt between
her legs.  I took my hands and rubbed her legs all over, and she squir-
med in excitement.  I slowly caressed her breasts, and moved slowly
down her body, rubbing her flat stomach.  As I got to her pussy, I
slowly massaged around it, kneading her mound, which was covered with a
thin patch of dark, soft hair.  She smelled wonderful, the blend of her
sweat and her juices.

As I massaged her pubic area, I made my way to her labia, and slowly
teased it with soft strokes of my fingers.  Her lips parted like a bud-
ding rose, and she was panting with desire.  I placed my fingertip at
the opening of her pussy, and slowly inserted a finger.  Pulling it
out, I slowly touched the nub of her clitoris, and she jerked in plea-
sure as her breasts heaved with every breath she made.

I placed my hands around her thighs as I slowly lowered my head between
her legs.  I softly kissed her pussy, and I inserted my tongue in her
open vagina.  I lapped up and down her slick pussy lips, again and
again, tasting her sweet honey, as she mumbled incoherent breaths. 
Gently, I flicked her swollen clit with my tongue, slick with her cum,
and rolled it around, gently biting it.  Her breathing became faster as
I increased my licking, and soon enough, her hips bucked against my
face as her body rocked with orgasm.  As slowly as before, I worked her
up to a frenzy, and she came again, coating my face with her sweet
juice.  

She motioned me to her, and she took my face and kissed me again, and
our saliva mixed with her cum.  She loved it.  She took my hard cock in
her hands as I lay back on the bed.  She placed her hands between her
legs and used her juice to lubricate my swollen penis.

She slowly pumped on my dick as my body shook with waves of pleasure. 
As she bent down, I felt the warm, soft feeling as her mouth engulfed
my dick.  She playfully tooled with the head of my cock, gently biting
on the base of it as I had her clitoris.  She slowly lapped up the
sides of my penis, as my pleasure grew.  She slipped the head into her
mouth and lovingly sucked on it, sending shocks throughout my body as I
lay back and caress my chest.  She lowered her lips down my organ, and
slowly withdrew.  She went down again, and up.

Slowly, she worked her way to the base of my cock, my shimmering pubic
curls tickling her nose.  Coated with saliva, Virginia slowly worked up
and down on my dick, getting faster and faster until I was writhing
with pleasure.  She looked at me with those eyes of hers, and I told
her I was about ready to cum.  Undaunted, she increased her strokes,
alternating between her hand and her lips.

Soon, she felt my hips begin to shake, and she kept stroking my dick. 
She held my dick to her chest as I came.  Rocking with the waves of
orgasm, I shot a load of semen onto her breasts.  She licked the excess
from my declining rod, and raised her boobs to her mouth and began to
lick of my cum.

She asked me to help, and I gently massaged her breasts, as she moaned
with pleasure.  I tweaked her nipples, and they hardened in my fingers. 
I rubbed her front again, from her breasts, I rubbed her hips and her
waist.  I grabbed her firm ass and gave it a good squeeze as she kissed
me again.  I lay down on the bed as she straddled my chest playfully. 
I could feel her trembling pussy on my nipples as I reached up and
fondled her breasts again.  She rocked back and forth, rubbing her va-
gina on my chest as I gently massaged her tits.

My dick began to harden again.  I told her to jerk off over my face. 
Willfully, she complied by rubbing her vagina.  She held her pubis over
my face as she slowly inserted one, then two fingers in her aching pus-
sy.  She got wetter as she increased her strokes, and I began to rub
her waist and ass as she rocked to and fro.

She took her fingers out of her pussy and she sat on my face, and told
me to make her cum again, which I gladly did.  Gently lapping at her
clitoris, I rubbed her labia with my lubricated fingers as she moaned
in ecstasy.

Soon, she slumped over me as her body was rocked with the throes of
orgasm, and she kissed me, hard and long, almost violently.  I knew she
was ready.  I held her by the waist and turned her over onto her back. 
She moaned and told me to go slow.

Stroking my cock, I brought it to a full erection while Virginia stroked
her clit and licked her nipples.  Soon, my dick had achieved its full
seven inches, and, reaching into her pussy, I lubricated my member.

I slowly brought my dick to her pussy, rubbing her lips with the head,
and she begged me to make love to her.  I stroked her clitoris with my
dick and slowly, gently, inserted my penis.  Her vagina was warm and
wet from our foreplay, and her muscles clenched my tool with a virgin's
fervor.



I took a break to kiss her again.  We kissed open mouthed, our tongues
rolling around and around, and I broke to kiss her breasts, rolling her
nipple around in my mouth, and she told me to continue.  So I slowly
stroked in and out.

Her hips began to meet my rod halfway, rocking to and fro, and she
began to gyrate in a very pleasant way.  Soon, her moans began to get
louder, as she bucked harder and harder.  She cried out in orgasm, and
I could feel her pussy tightening on my dick.  Her vaginal muscles
grabbing my erect penis, her bucking and gyrating, was all too much for
me.

I told her I was about to shoot my load, and she pushed my dick out and
took it in her mouth.  She smiled as she tasted her juices on my slip-
pery penis.  I moaned in pleasure as she stroked my dick with her lov-
ing lips.  I could feel my head rub against the back of her throat, and
her warm lips pumping away at my penis.  I told her it was time, but
she continued.  She had not completed two strokes when orgasm electro-
cuted my body.

I reeled as the electricity shocked my entire body, and I closed my
eyes as Virginia swallowed load after load of my semen.  I fell to the
floor, and lay there as she climbed onto me and lay there.  She played
with my now limp and hardening cock, and we kissed again.

We both got into bed, and played with each other for a long time, our
hands stroking every inch of the others' body.  I spent a lot of time
with her firm, luscious tits, and I could not help but kiss them from
time to time.

Slowly, we wandered to arousal again, and as I lay back, she mounted my
erect rod.  Slowly, she started up and down, up and down.  I rubbed her
ass as she bobbed up and down on my dick, moaning with pleasure.  She
put her hands through her hair and closed her eyes in the intense shock
of orgasm after orgasm.  I was in heaven as her vaginal muscles grabbed
and stroked my aching dick.  She started gyrating again, and I told her
how good it felt.  She nodded and continued, her boobs bouncing up and
down as she pumped on my penis.

The cerebral fireworks began as I entered the arena of orgasm.  I push-
ed her off of me, but she slapped my hand away as she mounted me again. 
Harder and harder she pounded until I came in a mind-blowing orgasm so
intense that I almost auburned out.  She screamed in orgasm as her pussy
milked my dick for all it was worth, as I shot my load deep into her
vagina.  We lay there for a while, embraced, in the afterglow of our
drunken sex orgy.

.......................................From Bob of Ohio...............


Info and possible story lines:

Virginia, or Ginny as I refered to her when we were married, is 5'8" tall
125 lbs, red auburn hair and measures 36-25-34. She is 42 years old and
has kept herself in great shape. Usually it was hard to get Ginny aroused
but if she started drinking Manhattans, she turned into an animal of lust.

On drunken occasions I have screwed her doggie-style on our back lawn at
night; have had her half naked with only her coat, blouse and skirt on
sitting at a bar, while she played with her breasts until almost reaching
an orgasm in public; had her playing and kissing her breasts while driving
down busy streets at night; watching her make love to herself in a mirror
in our den.......

Some story lines I'd like to see explored are......

A Lesbian or two find her in a bar drunk, and introduce her to their
kind of love...........

She is taken to a motel room by two or more men, who show her XXX-rated
movies until she becomes a slut for them...........

In a bar at closing time, she is forced to drink more and do a striptease
on the pool table................

She is taken to a Topless bar and talked into getting up on stage and
dancing with the showgirls............

And anything else your mind might wander on to.........
.........................................................................
--
