		  MY DAUGHTER GINNY

		   By V.P. Viddler






     I couldn't hold back any more. I just couldn't, that's all. 
It was the way Ginny was moaning into my mouth that did it. Just 
moaning right into my mouth as she was kissing me.

     They wouldn't let her stop kissing me. All that time they 
were doing what they did. Don't stop kissing him, Ginny, they 
said. Your daddy loves that sexy mouth of yours. So Ginny didn't 
stop kissing me. Just as they said. Soft lips trembling against 
my mouth. Her tongue in my mouth. Always in my mouth. Moaning. I 
guess it was automatic after a while. But Ginny wasn't allowed to 
stop. And that moaning.

     It was not the only sound Ginny was making, lying that way, 
on top of my body, lying full length above me as I lay on my 
back, lying as they had told her to, flat on top of me, with her 
young full breasts mashing against my chest, thrusting into my 
flesh, and her soft loins crushing mine, and her young thighs on 
top of, against, along my thighs. And Ginny's full young body 
squirming, twisting, writhing against and into my body as they 
did what they did to her, as they thought of all those things to 
punish and hurt and debase my Ginny.

     My daughter Ginny.

     No, that moaning that got to my black lusting soul finally 
was not the only sound. At various times it was crying. Crying 
against my mouth. Sobbing. making her breasts quiver against my 
skin. Shaking that body. All of it. Sobbing into my mouth, still 
kissing me, still probing with that soft warm tongue. And at 
times it was screaming. Hard, agonized, full-throated screams of 
pain, a bit muffled with Ginny's mouth on my mouth, screaming 
right down my throat.

     It was not the first occasion on which Ginny screamed that 
night. Not a bit of it. Which was why Ginny did what she was told 
to do. Anything. Such as when they had told her to lay her young 
and naked body down on top of her father, on that hard floor. And 
to stretch out on top of him. And to kiss him. And to go on 
kissing him, no matter what. Using her tongue. Using it all.

     So Ginny did. As she screamed. As she was crying and 
sobbing. As they bound her hands behind her back, bound her 
wrists tightly, bound her ankles also. So Ginny could only 
squirm, twist, writhe on top of me. Into me. Sobbing. Crying. And 
screaming. in my mouth. And always moaning. Just moaning softly, 
continuously.

     Which got me. I couldn't stop it. I couldn't any more, my 
own daughter, my own beautiful gorgeous soft luscious moaning 
kissing soft-lipped daughter, my seventeen-year-old birthday 
girl. For it was Ginny's birthday that day, and this was Ginny's 
birthday party. A surprise party, thrown by Ginny's old gang, who 
didn't like Ginny's new gang. Which was why the party on Ginny's 
seventeenth birthday. A day Ginny would hold in mind a long long 
time.

     First, for her seventeenth birthday, they had Ginny blow out 
seventeen candles. Seventeen hard, stiff, throbbing candles. 
Ginny had to blow them all out. Which Ginny, finally, did. It 
took a bit of persuasion involving seventeen cigarettes ground 
into Ginny's body, but she did it.

     And for Ginny's birthday they thought it only fitting for 
Ginny to be in her birthday suit. So Ginny did a strip for them. 
They made me watch that. Along with other things. I was sick.

     So that's why I was lying on the floor on my back with Ginny 
kissing my mouth. Through it all. With her hands behind her. As 
they did it to her. Whipping that body, those thighs, that back. 
Taking her, taking my Ginny's body from behind, mashing her down 
hard against me, bouncing, sobbing, shaking, moaning. Always that 
moaning in my mouth.

     And I got hard, I couldn't stop it, my cock got hard for my 
Ginny, my own daughter, I was lusting, wanting that moving 
luscious young body. Somebody pulled my pants off and my cock 
sprang up between Ginny's twisting thighs, and they laughed and 
laughed. And said to Ginny that she should suck me off. Suck him, 
Ginny, they said, as Ginny was still moaning, suck your father 
off, he's crazy about your mouth, put your mouth down there and 
suck on his dick until it shoots down your throat, Ginny. Do it, 
Ginny. Now, Ginny.

     So Ginny, still moaning, sobbing, squirmed down along my 
body, wriggling painfully down, and I didn't want to want that, 
didn't want to know what was going on, but my cock was throbbing 
and I was panting and my daughter Ginny was squirming down my 
body, and now that young soft twisting mouth was at my loins, 
those soft lips touching my cock, touching, sobbing, searching, 
and now opening, taking, swallowing, absorbing, sliding over and 
around my cock, sliding down, down, and that tongue, moving, 
licking, sucking, stroking, and that mouth sliding now, taking, 
moving, up, down, up, slowly, slowly, Ginny, they said, do it 
slow and sexy, bring your daddy off with that fine sexy mouth, 
slowly Ginny did it, moaning around my cock, crying around my 
dick, and I was babbling and twisting and coming, right in my 
daughter's mouth, right down my daughter's throat, Ginny 
swallowing, swallowing, crying, moaning, and I said, Happy 
birthday Ginny, happy birthday dear Ginny, happy birthday and all 
of us sang...


     "Untie my hands," Ginny said when they had gone.

     "All right," I said. But I didn't.

     "Untie me," Ginny said. "It hurts."

     "I will," I said. "I will."

     "Oh God," Ginny said.

     "What?"

     "You're not going to do it."

     "I am."

     "Do it."

     "I will. But you look--"

     "Oh Christ," Ginny said. "You son of a bitch. You loved it, 
didn't you?"

     "Ginny--"

     "All of it. You dug the shit out of it."

     "Wait--"

     "Didn't you, Daddy? Didn't you? It just turned you on all to 
hell, right? I saw that, didn't I?"

     "No--I--"

     "It got you so damn hot, didn't it, Daddy? All those things 
they made me do. All those things they did to me. And my lying on 
top of you through it all, and having to kiss you, and you loving 
it, Daddy, loving the way they had me lying flat on your body, 
with my hands tied behind me, just like now, and all of my body 
pressing down into you, oh that really did it for you, right, 
Daddy? And kissing you, having to go on kissing you all the time 
they were hurting me, and whipping me, and fucking me. Making me 
cry and moan right against your lips, you dug all that like 
crazy, Daddy. And when I had to go down on you, god, what a 
thrill all of you got from that, little Ginny sucking off her own 
father. But they had it right, you loved my mouth, didn't you, 
Daddy, loved my mouth and my lips and my tongue on your thing, it 
got all stiff and hard with my mouth sucking it, sucking and 
sucking, and making me swallow it all, right, Daddy? Sexy, wasn't 
it, Daddy, having your daughter do that to you, crying all the 
time, all naked, right, it must have thrilled you when I had to 
strip in front of everybody, strip all my clothes off, and making 
me crawl around and all, and when they burned my tits again and 
again and I screamed my guts out, I bet you practically shot 
right in your pants, Daddy. Right, Daddy? Isn't that right? Is 
that why you won't untie my wrists, Daddy? You want some more? 
I'm all naked and tied for you, and you'd like to do it all 
again, right Daddy? You're thinking about hurting me yourself, 
whipping my body, right? Burning my breasts again? Making me 
scream just for you, is that what you want, Daddy? And making me 
suck you again, you want my mouth so much. Or maybe you want to 
fuck me, because you didn't get to do it to me, did you, Daddy? 
Just got to have my body wriggling and twisting and bucking on 
top of you as they all did it to me. And kissing you, kissing and 
moaning, oh, that's making you all hard again, right, Daddy? Will 
you hurt me first, or will you fuck me first? I'm all tied up for 
you, you can just whip my tits until I do what you say, so if you 
want me to lie down and spread my legs for you, I'll do it. So 
you can fuck your daughter for her birthday. I won't try to stop 
you, Daddy, it's too late for that. I'll lie down and I'll do it 
for you, I'll wrap my legs around you and squeeze you with my 
thighs, you'd dig that, right, Daddy? And I'll even squirm and 
twist and bounce around, but you probably want to hurt me anyway, 
and you'll kiss me and hurt me so I'll scream and cry into your 
mouth, I know you want that, and after that you'll think of all 
kinds of things to do with me. Like hanging me up by my wrists, 
swinging in the air, dangling with my tits sticking up and out. 
And making me call up the gang and asking them to come back again 
so I can crawl and cry and scream for all of you, how does that 
sound, Daddy? You want me to suck you now? Think of all those 
boys taking my body, making me suck them, and pissing on me, all 
standing around me and pissing on my body, and I'm all yours, 
Daddy, I'll do anything you want, just don't laugh at me any more 
Daddy please Daddy please Daddy please Daddy please Daddy please 
Daddy I'll do it...."
