Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.






WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

GIRL CRAZY by Candy Kane

My name is Sharon and I'm a member of our High School Drama Club.  Recently, the club went on a field trip to Washington DC.   A new girl named Felicia had just joined the club.  I had seen her around school a few times and always envied her long slender legs and killer "fuck me" eyes.  Sitting together on the long bus ride, we struck up an instant friendship.  She was really pretty and it didn't take long before I lost all interest in the field trip.

As the day went on, we started touching each other's arm or leg when we wanted to make a point in our conversation.  The touches started lingering, and finally, all we were talking about was sex.  We were flirting with each other and having lots of fun.  By the time we arrived in the city, there was only one thing on my mind: having sex with Felicia.

When we got to our hotel, we arranged to share a room.  That afternoon, we toured a lot of the famous historical sites.  After dinner, a group of us went to a movie called Scream.  Felicia and I sat together, and during a scary scene, we held hands.  When the scene was over, she moved my hand to rest on her bare leg.  We both wore short skirts, and after a few minutes, she parted her legs and guided my hand between them.  Then she reached over and slowly ran hers up the inside of my thigh.  I let out a little yelp when she found what she was looking for.

As we pretended to watch the movie, I played with her through her panties until I got her wet while she lightly ran her fingertip up and down my slit and gently pushed the thin material inside me.  It wasn't long before we had worked our way around the edge of our underwear and were fingering each other.  We both started breathing heavily and there was an unmistakable scent of wet pussy in the air.

One of my girlfriends was sitting in the row right behind us.  She leaned forward and whispered, "You two lovebirds better cool it before everyone starts watching you rather than the movie."

She was right, we were getting carried away.  Reluctantly we stopped.  The minute Felicia pulled her finger out of me, I realized I wanted her back inside me so bad.  Once we had caught our breath, she leaned over and whispered, "Later."

"I can't wait," I whispered back as I smelled her on my finger.  I licked it clean then reached down to hold her hand for the rest of the show.  At this point, I was so horny, I couldn't tell you what the rest of the movie was about if my life depended on it.

When we got back to the hotel, we practically ran to our room, anxious to take up where we had left off.  As soon as we were alone, we stripped down to just panties.  I had bought a ring at a souvenir shop earlier and took it out to show her.  Felicia grabbed it and said, "Finders keepers."

"Hey, give it back."  I chased her around the room until I pinned her in a corner.  Suddenly she turned around with her hands on her hips and a sly smile on her face.

"Where is it?" I asked.

"Search me," she said holding her hands up and giggling.

Since she was naked except for her bikini panties, there was only one place to look.  "You're so nasty," I said, loving our sexy little game.  I hooked my finger in the top of her panties pulling on them until I could see her pubic hair.  "Down there maybe?"

"Go fish."  She stepped close enough that our nipples touched.

I moved my hand slowly down her stomach and slipped it under her waistband.  My fingertips touched her short curly hair and I tickled her making her squirm.  "Am I getting warm?" I asked.

"Very."  She closed her eyes and leaned her head back as my fingers crept further down until my hand cupped her pussy.  She was still damp from our little fun time at the movies.  The ring was there but I pretended to keep searching for it.  "Where could it be?"  I loved the way she reacted to my touch, pushing her crotch into my hand.  "Looks like I'll have to dig deeper."

"The deeper the better," Felicia said and moaned.

I let my finger slip between her soft folds and immediately felt the source of her wetness.  "Maybe it's hiding in here."

Our breasts pressed together and our mouths were only an inch apart.  I wanted her to kiss me so bad, and I trembled, never having been this close to a naked girl before.  But I decided to make our game last a little longer so I pulled the ring out and held it up.  "Found it."

"That was too easy," Felicia said.  "I'll have to find a better hiding place."

"Like where?" I said with a big grin.

"How long is your tongue?" she asked.

I stuck it out at her.

"About that far up my pussy," she said and we broke out laughing.

"Felicia, you're such a pervert.  You're going to turn us both into a couple of lipstick lesbians."

She gently cupped my breasts and whispered, "Would that be so bad?  Admit it, Sharon, you're dying to try it, aren't you?"  I could feel the warmth of her breath on my face as we looked into each other's eyes.

"Well . . ." I said shyly, playing hard to get.  "I guess I have thought about it once or twice."  In reality I fantasized about having sex with another girl all the time.  I just never had the courage to go beyond making out with my girlfriends.

"Anyway," Felicia was saying, "everybody knows it's perfectly normal for girls to experiment with each other.  Besides, most of the girls I know do it all the time."

She squeezed my nipples and I felt a fire ignite between my legs.  "It's not like we'd be screwing dicks or getting pregnant.  It's just masturbating."

She squeezed harder and I sucked in air.  "Well," I said, finding it difficult to keep standing, "I love to masturbate."

"Good," Felicia said, "because when you do it with your girlfriend, it's soooo much more fun than by yourself."  She put her hands on my hips and pressed her damp crotch against my leg.  "Wanna play?"

"Oh yes," I said wrapping my arms around her neck.  "So am I really your girlfriend?"

She ran her hands down around my bottom.  "Girlfriend and lover."  With a wicked smile, Felicia pulled on the back of my panties making them ride up into my crotch.  The pressure on my swollen clitoris almost made me come as I melted in her arms.  Then she put her tongue in my mouth and I finally got to taste her.

"Want to play hide the ring again?" she whispered after we had made out for a few minutes.

"Fuck the ring," I said breathlessly and slipped my hand down the front of her panties.

"I'd much rather you fuck me," Felicia said with a very sexy voice, her hot breath on my ear.

"Then what are we waiting for?" I said and took her by the hand.

We moved to the side of the bed and she slipped her panties off.  Felicia was so turned on, moisture dripped down the inside of her legs.  I could smell her and the scene drew me to her like a magnet.  I thought of the expression: a bitch in heat, and I pictured us on our hands and knees with me behind her sniffing and licking her like a puppy.  My whole body tingled in anticipation of putting my face between her legs.

Felicia got on the bed and propped herself against the headboard.  She brought her knees up spreading her legs wide.  Then she opened her vagina and I watched her slide a finger in.  When it was good and wet, she held it up and motioned for me to come to her.  "Let's have some fun," she said lifting her feet and wiggling her cute little toes at me.

When I slipped my panties off, I realized the crotch was soaked too.  I started to let them fall to the floor but Felicia said, "Wait, Sharon, I want them."  I tossed them to her and she brought them to her nose.  "Oh fuck, you smell so good."

"Do you always go around sniffing girl's underwear?" I asked and giggled.

"Only the ones I want to fuck," Felicia said with a wink.  She wiped the wet crotch of my panties on her nose and mouth while she watched me kiss each of her toes.  I ran my tongue between each one, sucking them and making her giggle.  Then I worked my way up the inside of her legs licking, kissing and playfully biting her smooth skin.  God, she was so soft.  I planted delicate little kisses all around her vagina and through her damp hair resisting the temptation to dive in.  She would be the first girl I ever ate and I wanted us both to be as turned on as possible before I buried my face between her legs.  I moved up to her mouth.  "I'm so hot for you," I said.  She wrapped her arms around my neck and we French kissed.

Then Felicia positioned me so my breasts were in front of her face.  She took a nipple between her lips and sucked it into her warm mouth sending shock waves through me.

"I've got an idea," she said between licks.  "Let's skip the tour tomorrow.  We can stay in bed and play all day."  To tempt me, she slid her hand between my legs and rubbed me.

I thrust my hips forward when Felicia slipped two fingers inside me.  She continued to suck my breast as she fingered me while I humped her hand.  I felt my girl-cum gush out when she finally got me off.  My orgasm was so intense I saw stars.

"If we stay in bed all day," I said when I'd finally caught my breath, "when would we eat?"

"When you get hungry," Felicia said, "you can eat me."

"You're so naughty," I said and we both giggled.  Then I started kissing my way back down her body.  She had worked up a sweat and I loved the salty taste of her neck and between her breasts.  I took each nipple and played with it making them hard little buds.  Felicia wrapped her legs around me and pushed her crotch into my stomach trying to create as much friction on her clitoris as she could.

"Oh God, Sharon, you're driving me crazy," she said, breathing heavily.

Felicia moved her hand down to masturbate but I pulled it away.  "Be patient," I said.  "I'll get to that in a minute."

"I need you to fuck me right now," she pleaded.

"Don't be in such a hurry," I said sticking the tip of my tongue in her navel and leaving wet kisses down her stomach.

Felicia tried to guide my mouth to her opening.  "Will you please just eat me!" she screamed.

I lay down between her legs and hugged them, bringing my hands around to spread her open.  I buried my nose between her folds and breathed deeply, the fragrance of her sex washed over my senses.  Then I gently pulled back the little hood exposing her swollen clitoris and flicked it with my fingertip.

"You're such a fucking tease!  I hate you," she said.

"Liar," I said.  Her clit was rock hard and erect, and it throbbed when I touched it.  I blew on it and her hips jerked up to meet my mouth.  She was soaking wet, and I wiped my face all over her pussy.  My cheeks, mouth, and nose were covered with her warm juice.

"Sharon, please," she begged, running her fingers through my hair.  "I need you so bad."
 
At last, I was ready to take the plunge.  With a deep breath, I closed my eyes.  Imagining that I was licking a melting ice cream cone on a hot summer day, I ran my tongue up the full length of her slit.  Her delicate lips parted and I tasted the most secret place in the world, that little piece of heaven between a girl's legs.

Felicia tasted even sweeter than she smelled.  I spread her wide and stuck my tongue in her tight little pink hole, so warm and moist.  The sugary walls of her vagina spasmed as she tried to hold me inside.  I sucked and licked like my life depended on giving her the best orgasm she'd ever had.

Eating Felicia was the most erotic thing I'd ever done.  Her scent filled me with desire as I lapped up and swallowed her girl-cum.  I was swept away by the forbidden pleasures of having sex with another girl and decided that fucking boys had just dropped to number three on my come list right after eating pussy and masturbating.  

She was very close to coming when I said, "Turn over, I want to lick your ass."  Felicia quickly obeyed and a moment later, I was looking at her beautiful sex from behind, all flared open like a flower with her delicious nectar dripping out.  I kissed her cheeks, then spread them and licked her from top to bottom.  The mixture of her salty sweat, her syrupy girl-cum, and the tangy taste of her ass was such an incredible turn-on.  I slipped my tongue in her pussy, pushing my nose into her crack.  The musky smell drove me crazy.  Licking her gave me such a nasty, wicked rush, but at the same time it was soft and sweet, so feminine.  I couldn't imagine anything more beautiful than two women making love.  I had discovered the secret of girl-love and I was hooked; I wanted to crawl inside her and stay there forever.

As I ate her, I put a finger in my vagina.  Next, I took a mouthful of her cum mixed with my saliva and let it drip onto her anus.  Then I worked my wet finger into her cute little puckered hole.  She was so warm and soft inside and I could feel her muscles contracting to hold me there.

Felicia had her face buried in a pillow and couldn't stop screaming.  Suddenly, her whole body stiffened and a flood of juice flowed out soaking my face, dripping down my chin.  As I continued to lick her, a second and third orgasm rocked her body, and I was rewarded with a few more spurts of her love juice.

Finally, she rolled on her back, out of breath.  I moved up and kissed her cheek.  Felicia turned and kissed my mouth.  "You taste like pussy," she said with a giggle.  Then she licked her girl-cum off my face and said, "Let's run away and make love forever."

"Sounds delicious," I said.

We kissed and I felt her hand go between my legs.  I lay in her arms for a long time while she played with me; tender little caresses like she was memorizing every ridge and fold of my vagina.  Then Felicia rolled on her back.  "Let's fuck some more," she said, wiggling her body into position.  "Come sit on my face." 

I got up on my knees, straddled her head and slowly lowered myself.  She reminded me of a baby bird eager for her next hot meal.  She had an incredibly long tongue and I moaned as she put every inch in me.  I grabbed it with my vagina muscles while I rotated my hips in a slow circle loving how she fucked me.  I was dying to taste her again, so after a few minutes, I turned around and we made love in a sixty-nine.  We sucked clits and licked pussy until the most powerful come yet swept over us.

After we caught our breaths, I got off and turned around so we could look at each other.  With our arms and legs entwined, we kissed and softly touched, completely spent and ready for sleep.

"I hope I wake up before you," Felicia said.

"Why?" I asked as I brushed the hair from her face and kissed her nose, eyes, and cheek.

"Because the first thing I want you to see when you awake is my face smiling up from between your legs."

"God, I think I'm in love," I said.  "I'll keep it warm for you."  I kissed her again, and as we held each other tight, her damp bush felt so sexy pressed against my thigh.  Then, through the wall, we heard the sounds of two girls in the next room.  There was no doubt from their moans of passion that they were having sex.

"I told you all the girls do it," Felicia said with a big proud smile.

"Maybe we should be neighborly and invite them over tomorrow," I said.

"That would mean I'd have to share you."

"True," I said, "but just think, you'd have three juicy cunts to eat and three hot mouths loving you."

"Mmmm," Felicia said and licked her lips.  "You're right, it would be the neighborly thing to do."

We kissed softly, and as we cuddled, I heard the sweet moans of the two girls making love.  Finally, one of them had an orgasm followed quickly by the other.  I smiled as I slipped my hand between Felicia's legs before I drifted off to sleep.  She was still wet.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com


















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....