Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

GIRLFRIENDS by Candy Kane

It was the first weekend of summer vacation and my girlfriend Debbie was spending the night with me.  My family lived in the hills outside LA and my parents let my girlfriends and I use our guest house for sleepovers so we could stay up late and not bother anyone.

Debbie said she knew I was as horny as she was and had a surprise for me later.  But she said we'd have to wait until everyone in the main house was asleep so no one would catch us.  No matter how much I begged, she wouldn't tell me what it was.  So we spend the next few hours listening to CDs, practicing our dirty dancing and talking about sex.

Finally, when all the lights were out in the main house, I told Debbie I was dying to know what the surprise was.  She went to her backpack and pulled out a video cassette she said she found hidden in her brother's closet.

"I heard him telling one of his friends about it," Debbie said.  "It's a porno movie."

"Have you seen it yet?" I asked.

"No, but I can't wait."

There was a TV and VCR in the bedroom, so we locked the door and turned out the lights.  Debbie inserted the cassette.  Then she slipped her shorts and T-shirt off.  Wearing just panties, she came and lay on the bed beside me.

"I think you've got the right idea," I said and wiggled out of my jeans.  I pulled my T-shirt over my head and felt the cool sheets on my breasts as I lay down beside her.

Debbie pressed play on the remote.  "I hope this is some good shit," she said when the movie started.

 I expected the standard guy-girl screwing, but it turned out to be called "No Mans Land", a collection of all-girl love scenes.

"I didn't know your bother likes watching lesbians," I said.

"What boy doesn't, Candy.  Every guy in the world fantasizes about doing it with two girls while they do each other."  She hit pause on the remote.  "If it turns you off, we don't have to watch."

"Well, I have to admit, I'm am curious.  I want to if you do."

"I'm so horny right now, I could get off watching two dogs fuck."

"Then let's do it," I said and got comfortable.

Debbie started the movie and for the next hour we watched dozens of beautiful girls make love.

"God, Candy, that was hot," Debbie said when the movie ended.  She draping her leg over my bottom and slowly stroked my back.  "I wish you were a boy.  I'd let you fuck me tonight and I wouldn't even make you wear a condom." 

"If I were a boy," I said in my sexiest voice, "my dick would already be in you, girl."  Then half-joking, I said.  "Maybe I should get one of those strap-on dildos like in the movie."  We both giggled.  I was aroused from all the lesbian sex and I liked the feel of Debbie's warm skin on mine.

"I need to get off bad."  Debbie moved closer so her lips were touching my ear.  "I've got a wild idea," she whispered. "Why don't we do each other like the girls in the video."

I felt her hand move down to my ass.  "Debbie, we're not lesbians," I said, but her touch sent a tingle through me.

"I know that, but I saw you squirming around watching those girls lick each other.  I wasn't the only one with my hand between my legs.  We don't have to go all the way, we can just use our fingers.  Besides, everybody knows when two straight girls do it, it's just masturbating."

Her breath was so hot on my cheek, I could feel my body melting.  Debbie was right; watching the girl-girl sex had definitely turned me on.  By the end of the movie, my crotch was soaked and sticky and I was dying for some relief.

"Please, Candy," Debbie begged, "let's just try it.  If we don't like it, we can stop, I promise."  By now she had slipped her hand under my panties.  "Come on, Candy, we both need it," she said as her finger slid down my crack.  "No one will ever know."

She lightly kissed my ear then stuck the tip of her wet tongue in it making my pulse quicken.

"Besides," she whispered, "what if we like having sex together.  Think of all the possibilities.  Our parents would never consider letting a boy spend the night with two fifteen-year-old girls, but we can sleep with each other anytime we want.  We could be doing it all the time and no one would know." Her tongue was so wet, her breath so hot.  "Please," she whispered. "It'll be so much fun."

Her fingertip played with my anus, driving me crazy.  I wanted her to put it in my ass like I did in the mornings when I masturbated in the shower.  I closed my eyes and moaned when her hand went down between my legs.  I couldn't hold out much longer.  She gently probed the lips of my vagina and I gasped as her finger slid between them and went inside me.

"My, aren't we the wet one," Debbie said, delicately exploring my secret place.  "I knew those lesbians turned you on."

Having sex with another girl was something I'd definitely fantasized about.  Like what girl hasn't.  I'd done my share of making out with my girlfriends but it never went much further than that.  Was I ready?  The movie had made me want to fuck so bad.  I told myself that if I closed my eyes, I could pretend it was a boy fingering me and it would be all right.  But I knew it was Debbie's finger inside me now.  God, it felt so good.  I could feel my vagina contracting to hold her.  Fuck it, I thought.  I needed to have sex and so did Debbie.  With a deep breath, I gave in.

"All right, all right," I said, my heart pounding.  "But you've got to swear you'll never breath a word of this to anybody.  This is just for tonight and only because we're both so horny, okay?"

"Yes!" Debbie said and covered my cheek with kisses. "You're the best girlfriend in the world."  She got up on her knees and waited for me to do the same.

"So how do you want to do this?"  I asked when we were facing each other.

"Look," Debbie said, "we both masturbate all the time, right?  Well, lets just do whatever we normally do but to each other instead."

That made sense to me, so I got up on my knees, our breasts almost touching.  I looked at hers, something I'd innocently done a dozen times in the showers after our gymnastics class and cheerleader practice.  This was the first time I'd actually thought about touching them.  Now they were so inviting-small petite mounds with hard little nipples that pointed straight at me, like they had chosen me to make love to them.  I wondered what they tasted like.

"Now," Debbie said, "you take my panties off and then I'll pull yours down, okay?"

"Well . . ." Somehow, I hadn't actually thought we would be completely naked so I hesitated for a moment.  But Debbie didn't.  She reached out and pulled mine down to my knees.  I leaned back and brought my legs up so she could slip them over my feet.  I was fully exposed to her and Debbie licked her lips as she gazed down on what lay between my legs.  I blushed as her eyes stayed locked on my sex and wondered what it would feel if she put her mouth on me.  Debbie must be thinking the same thing I was: she had seen me naked so many times before, but never like this.

"Okay, your turn," she said and rose on her knees.  "Get me naked."

I reached out and slowly pulled her panties down.  Her skin was so soft and I could feel heat radiating from between her legs.  First, I saw her golden fur glistening with little drops of moisture.  Then her beautiful sex was revealed.  I couldn't take my eyes off it.  Knowing I was going to touch her and let her touch me made my heart race.  The idea was so hot.  Her pussy, already flared open from fingering herself during the movie looked like a beautiful flower-delicate, soft and moist.  There was no doubt how wet she was, the crotch of her panties was soaked as she leaned back and let me slip them over her feet.  In the most erotic thing I had ever done, I brought them to my nose and breathed in.  My whole body trembled as I smelled her peppery scent.  It was so primitive, almost like an animal smelling another.  But at the same time, it made me feel sexy and very aroused.

At fifteen, I was still very much a virgin-I had let a few boys put their hands on my breasts but only through my clothes.  No one had ever touched me until today.  Debbie had put her fingers inside me and I could still feel their trace.  Now, more than anything, I wanted them there again.  As I looked at her naked body, the desire to break the taboo and experience lesbian love swept over me.  I wanted to do it so bad, I felt wetness drip down the inside of my legs and my clitoris throb to the point of pain.

We sat with our legs crossed and our knees touching.  Then Debbie reached out and cupped my pussy.  She was so gentle, not like the boys and their awkward fondling.  Her finger lightly glided up and down my vagina lips, tracing the folds.  With a feather's touch, she eased in between them and filled the void she had left moments before.  As her finger went inside, I felt moisture flow out and I moaned.

"Touch me, Candy," Debbie whispered.

I put my hand between her legs and found she was just as wet as I was.  I let my fingertip lightly move up and down her opening, and as I slipped it in her, she breathed deeply and she closed her eyes.  Her body reacted to my touch and it made me even more aroused knowing she liked it.

Debbie's breathing increased and her stomach sucked in and out.  "That feels so good," she managed to say.  "I knew this would be fun."

Debbie found my clitoris with her thumb she rubbed it until it was rock hard and erect.  My eyes were closed and I was slowly moving my hips to the rhythm of her fingers.  Then I felt her warm breath on my face.  When I opened my eyes, Debbie had leaned forward, her mouth only inches from mine.  A fire ignited inside me and I knew I wanted to go beyond just touching.  My vagina gripped her fingers like it would never let go.  At the same time, her hot sticky juice covered my hand as I explored the secret place between her legs.

The tip of her tongue lightly brushed my lips and I desperately wanted to kiss her-not an adolescent girlfriend kiss, but a woman's kiss, a lover's kiss.  I was dizzy with the chance to do something so forbidden.  We were alone, naked and burning up with desire.  I opened my mouth, and for a moment we shared the same breath.  Then our lips met and her tongue slid inside. 

With my free hand, I held Debbie's breast and took her nipple between my fingers.  I wanted to taste her skin, to lick it and tease her nipple with my tongue.  I couldn't wait any longer so I gently maneuvered Debbie onto her back.  I looked down at her and our eyes met.  She motioned me to come get on top of her as she brought her knees up and spread her legs in invitation.  Like a dream, I floated between them as I eased down on her, our nipples kissing and then our breasts pressing together.  She wrapper her legs around me, and with her arms around my neck in a tight embrace, we devoured each others mouths.

My pussy hungered for her, and as we moved our hips together, my clitoris touched Debbie's and our bodies responded.  A wave of raw sexual energy shot through me and I cried out as we ground our clits on each other.  Debbie's hot breath was on my ear whispering my name repeatedly and begging me not to stop; her words were as sweet as any love song.

I was consumed by her soft body under me, the heat of her arousal, her delicious cries of passion, and the intoxicating scent coming from between her legs.  We increased our rhythm and a moment later we came together, soaking the sheets with a flood of girl-cum.  After the first massive quake of passion, our hips jerked in sporadic little aftershocks as we continued to rub our clits together.  I had never climaxed so intensely in my life.  I knew the moment it started to subside that I wanted to do it again.

After holding on to each other for what seemed like an eternity, I slowly rolled off Debbie and lay on my back, my eyes closed, my heart still racing.  Our bodies were covered with sweat, my crotch and the inside of my thighs soaked.  The air was heavy with the scent of our lovemaking and it filled my nostrils and made me light-headed.  I was absolutely hooked.  I knew I would never be able to go a day or even an hour without wanting to make love.  I looked at my girlfriend and wished the moment would last forever.

I closed my eyes and drifted on soft, wispy clouds recalling every touch, taste, and smell of what had just happened.  The wetness between my legs made my pussy tingle in the cool air.  After a while, Debbie moved over and I felt her breath on my stomach.  When I opened my eyes, she was lightly kissing her way from my navel down through my mat of fur, licking me like a kitten.  She gently pushed my legs apart and kissed my folds, already spread open and swollen with sex.  Then she licked my inner thighs and all around my pussy; she seemed to relish tasting the mixture of our juices.  When she had finished cleaning me, the tip of her tongue softly probed my vagina.

Then she raised up and swung her leg over me.  Suddenly, her beautiful sex was only inches from my mouth.  It was so erotic seeing another girl that close and it made me more aroused than I had ever been in my life.  The heat from between her legs warmed my face.  I smelled her scent and it made me dizzy.  Everything was wet.

I tenderly kissed her, realizing I was adoring, almost worshipping at her love shrine.  I pictured myself walking down the hall beside Debbie at school and watching the boys look at her with yearning eyes.  I would smile knowing I'd already been where they wanted to go.  I'd already tasted, smelled, licked and sucked it.  As she gently lowered herself down on my face, I licked until her sweet juice flowed out.  From that moment, my thirst for the luscious nectar that flowed from between a girl's legs would never be satisfied.  I held on tight, eating her until we were both rocked with the most incredible orgasms yet.

Exhausted, we slept in each other's arms and later awoke and watched the movie again; this time looking for more ways girls can do it.  As new lovers, we couldn't get enough and we made love endlessly that night.  Over the summer break, we slept together a couple of times a week.  And what looked like just a close friendship to everyone else was really the most passionate love affair of my life.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....