











                                   THE GIRL


                                   by: sissy
                                  property of
                                   Mistress

                             
      As a reporter for a major metropolitan newspaper, I hear all kinds of
stories. Some are cold hard fact, some are pure fairy tales and alot are in
between. But this one? I think I'll let you decide. For security reasons I can
not give real names and places.

      A few days ago, a young woman sat at my desk here at the paper. She was
5'2", about 120 pounds, blue doe eyes and long fiery red hair. The short black
sheath dress did nothing to hide her long tapered legs and 36" hips. Or her
narrow 20" waist or 38C chest. She began to tell her story.

      "Several years ago I went to work as an accountant at a large well known
midwest company. It took me a couple years, but  figured out that this company
was owned by the mob. Two years ago, I testified in court. Several contracts were
put out on me. The government put me in the witness protection program. I was
taken to a secret research center out west. When we got there I was locked up in
a room with my case officer.

               'The best way to disguise you is to make you over
                into something they don't  expect. They wouldn't
                be looking for a woman.'

That's correct, I use to be a 6' tall middle aged man. He then told me how it
would be done.

               'We will not use surgery as that will only change
                your sex. What we'll do is a complete transformation.
                And that's why you're here. This facility is doing   
                space research. Last year they made a very interesting
                discovery. While trying to develop a teleporter, they
                made a device that transforms things or people. We will
                use this device to transform you into a female. At some
                later date we can change you back, if you want and if it's
                safe.'

We spent the next several days planning my new look and background. We decided
to create a 5'4" 115 pound blue eye blonde about 25 years of age. My figure was
to be 36", 24" 36B. I was to go to law school.

      When it was time I was sedated, laid on a hospital gurney and place
in the machine. When I came to I was strapped down on a hospital bed. I spent the
next several days in a semi coma while earphones fed me a new subconscience.
When I finally regained full conscienceness my nurse showed me the new me. It
wasn't what we had decided on. I was what you see here, an 18 year old fucking
machine.


                                       1

      My two nurses spent the next 2 months training in all the things a woman
needs to know. They also turned me into a lesbian slave. The last night there
they tied my hands to the headboard and then tied my ankles over my head. After
they left the doctor came in and took my virginity. Before He left he made me
taste my virgin blood.

      The nurses took me home and I spent the next six months as their little
bitch. One day a biker dyke broke into the house and one of the things she
burglured was me. Over the next couple months she used me. She made me hook and
I was used as partial payment for drugs. Then she wanted to become a dealer. So
I was given to the supplier as partial payment for the drugs. And he gave me to
his boss. It was the mobster I had testified against. I was terrified. I was so
scared I couldn't put out. So he gave me to one of his black pimps and I was put
to work. The pimp's territory was the docks, so most of my customers were
truckers, dock workers, sailors, etc. Mostly blowjobs and sucky-fucky. A few
arrests for positution. A night in the hooker tank is nothing but nonstop lesbian
sex. I was slapped around once or twice. A few months go by and a dark Mercedes
stops next to me and two large hoods pull me into the car. I am taken to an
office. The mobster is there. He tells me that the pimp has given good reports
about me and he needs a new secretary. He will put me up in an apartment and
there will be additional duties. During the day, I work in the office. I take his
dictation on my knees. After work I am taken to the apartment (I don't call it
mine because he is very blunt about saying that I and it are HIS) and locked in.
In the evening he usually uses me. Sometimes he loans me out to a fellow mobster.
When it's late he goes home to his wife. Why don't I leave? Well I am locked in
until he picks me up in the morning. At work I am watched all day. I managed to
get out today because he was busy and when everyone left for lunch, I walked out.
Please help me I'm scared."

      Before she could go any further or I could do anything, two thugs walked
in, punched me around a little and carried her off. Over the last few days, I
have checked the morgue and didn't find her. So she's still alive, I think. As
for her story. I believe it. What do you think? 
     
