Archive-name: Bondage/girltied.txt
Archive-author: Joseph Brabet   (c) 1992
Archive-title: Girl I once tied-up, A


I opened the door to let her in. "You silly old poohead," she giggled, 
"wasting all your time fixing up this old house. Don't you think you could 
put your time to better use ?"
"Oh I don't know," I answered, "I suppose I could think of a few things to 
while away the time if I didn't have to do this," and smiled sidelong at her. 
Laughing, Gemma punched me in the arm playfully and bounced into the 
front room, throwing herself into an armchair. I reached for a can of Coke 
and then sat down in another chair beside hers. 

She turned to face me and I admired yet again her small face, dominated 
by her large blue eyes and full, dark red lips which often bore a slightly 
sardonic grin. Her light summer dress was navy with small white dots and 
reached midway down her small calves. Although loose-fitting as befits 
such a dress, it was made of a material that revealed the curves of her 
body when the breeze moved it, or when, having been aroused, her own 
perspiration made it cling to her skin. Its cut gave no hint that she had very 
large, soft breasts beneath the dress with nipples that responded quickly to 
the touch of my hand or a cold wind. I enjoyed her lavish breasts 
immensely and once when I complained of missing the feel of them when 
she was absent, she made a tiny model of a bosom from some putty I had 
been using to replace a window pane, as something with which I could 
console myself. Her body was slim and small-boned, with attractively lithe 
legs, and her reddish-brown hair was of medium length and very fine.

"What do you think of while you are hammering nails and painting away ?" 
she asked. 
"Nothing much, really," I mumbled as I attacked a large packet of potato 
chips. As soon as I had said this, I realized that a slightly different 
response was required, and that she was playing a game with me. 
Hurriedly I finished munching the chips and looked her straight in the eye. 
"Well actually that's not entirely true. I tend to think of you and what I'll do 
to you the next time I get you alone in this house," I smiled. "Dirty Joseph 
!" she laughed, knowing full well she was encouraging me. Toying with her 
a little more, I said, "What gave you the idea that I think naughty thoughts 
?" with as innocent an expression as I could muster upon my face. "You," 
she replied flatly. 

As she spoke, I had reached a hand through the armhole of her light 
summer dress and was cupping her full breast through her bra, enjoying 
the sensation of its softness and weight. Although she feigned modesty, 
she didn't seem to mind this sort of attention and it gave me a strange sort 
of pleasure to play with her breast even as I did other things such as 
eating, drinking and talking. As we continued to engage in verbal foreplay, I 
eased her bra cup up and over her breast, freeing it from the lacy embrace 
and letting it fall heavily into my hand. Idly I flicked at her nipple with my 
finger and was pleased to be rewarded by it gradually becoming harder and 
protruding further from her breast. She seemed to have started breathing a 
little bit faster, but it was hard to tell. I could see she was trying to pretend 
that my attentions were having no effect on her, so I thought to increase 
her tension by turning around to face her and letting my hand stray down 
her body, passing over her flanks and along her smooth, slim legs. As I 
caressed her dainty calves I took the hem of her dress and slowly pulled it 
upwards, exposing her legs to my gaze. Again she made some small 
protest which had the effect of heightening my arousal instead of 
dampening it. 

I reached for her shoulder, pulling her towards me and kissed her on her 
mouth. Her lips were soft and yielding, as was her tongue, which did not 
dart about furiously as so many girls' do, but moved languorously around 
my own. Running my hand up her smooth leg, I caressed the inside of her 
tender thigh, feeling her tremble as I approached her knickers. They were 
white and lacy, and the heat and moisture from her sex were beginning to 
seep through. I covered her damp sex with my palm as if to contain the 
warmth in order to build it up to a higher level, and she responded by 
pressing herself against my hand. 

Meanwhile, I moved to kiss her long neck, feeling the blood pulse under 
my tongue. Her neck seemed to be very sensitive, and such attention 
always served to increase her arousal. I could feel her erect nipples being 
pushed against my chest by her full, round breasts. Her own hand strayed 
down my front from where it had been pressed against my chest. She 
slowly massaged my erect penis through my jeans, further firing my 
ardour, then eased the zipper open and manipulated my clothing until the 
caged beast sprung forth into her small hand. 

Again unlike most girls, she did not seem afraid of or repelled by my penis, 
having on the contrary given it a pet name, "ferret," by which she would 
refer to it in its detumescent state. She would toy with it when it was in this 
condition, marvelling at the condition of apparent helplessness of the organ 
which in its rigid state so violently assaulted her own body. Of course, 
when it was erect she was more respectful of its potential and therefore 
expertly ministered to it with her hands and mouth. 

I reached down and took the hem of her dress in my hands, pulling the 
dress up and over her head in one smooth motion, virtually stripping her 
bare. The breast I had uncovered before pouted prettily at me while the 
other was still covered by her bra. I reached around her to unfasten it, 
taking the chance as I did so to kiss the base of her neck. As her bra 
came off, I cupped both breasts in my hand, feeling their weight. I bent my 
head to her left breast, which being slightly larger than her right was my 
favourite, and began licking it, starting off with the underside and working 
my way up to the nipple, which I sucked into my mouth as I rapidly and 
repeatedly flicked my tongue over its tip, eliciting several moans of 
pleasure from Gemma and making her breathing increase in tempo. 

After a few minutes of this I moved up and kissed her on the lips, 
savouring their softness again. Her breasts, damp from my attentions, 
were crushed against my chest by our embrace. Meanwhile I had reached 
a hand down inside her knickers, brushing the hairs of her sex as I did. I 
covered her sex with my hand as I had done before, then spread her nether 
lips with my fingers and pushed my second finger in as deep as it would 
go. She gave a start moaned again in pleasure at this. She was already 
moist and my finger penetrated her with ease. I wriggled my finger inside 
her, stimulating the walls of her vagina and searching for her G-spot. With 
my other arm I was cradling her shoulders as I continued kissing her. I 
could feel her struggle for breath under my mouth as I toyed with her sex. I 
withdrew a wet, sticky finger from between its lips and spread the 
lubrication over her clitoris, which was trying to poke erect from beneath its 
hood. As soon as my finger touched it, she gasped then moaned and 
moved her hips to accomodate my probing finger. She clenched her thighs 
around my hand as I worried her clitoris with my finger and she broke off 
our kiss and threw her head back. I liked to watch her face as I pleasured 
her, seeing her loss of feminine reserve increase as she rushed closer to a 
climax. Her breasts were animated by the rise and fall of her chest as her 
breathing speeded up, something else I enjoyed watching. As she inhaled 
faster and faster, I moved my fingers more quickly to speed her orgasm, 
feeling her sex get wetter and wetter as her arousal increased. 

Feeling self-conscious at my examination of her responses at this time, 
she took my penis in her hand and started moving her hand back and forth 
in an attempt to distract my attention. Not surprisingly, she was fairly 
successful in her aims as I began reacting to this rather quickly, although I 
was still interested in watching her. I could feel the sap rising in me and 
ejaculation approaching, so I kept up my fingering of her clitoris in order to 
make her climax before I did, so that I could see her face as she did so. 
With a series of short, sharp cries she orgasmed, her body shuddering for 
several seconds and her thighs pressed tightly together. She went 
completely limp for a while and then renewed her frigging of my penis, 
wanting to watch me lose control as I had watched her. As her hand 
motions became faster, I felt that the dam was about to burst, and just as 
her hand moved my foreskin off the head of my penis, a great jet of sperm 
squirted forth and landed on her belly and on her pubic hair. She uttered no 
protest at this point, although she later carefully wiped herself clean with a 
tissue. I liked very much to ejaculate on her naked body if I was not 
ejaculating inside her mouth or her sex. The idea of soiling her flesh 
appealed greatly to me.

We kissed tenderly and slowly for a while, then resumed talking, not 
bothering to dress ourselves again. My hunger began to get the better of 
me and a sudden inspiration seized me. Laying Gemma down upon the 
carpet, I took the packet of chips I had started eating and emptied them 
over her naked body. She started protesting and moved as if to get up, but 
I pushed her down and began to eat the chips off her body with my mouth, 
one by one. She giggled each time my mouth touched her skin, as I had 
placed the chips from her neck down to her pubic hair. When I was eating 
the chips near her breasts and her sex, I took the chance to tease and 
tickle the flesh beneath with my mouth, causing her to squirm.  This was 
an almost ideal confluence of two of my great passions, sex and food. I 
continued eating the chips off her naked skin until her body was again 
entirely bare.

I had become quite aroused by this activity and my penis had grown hard 
once more. Gemma noticed this and called me,"Dirty Joseph" again, 
making me smile. She took my erection in her small hands and placed it in 
her mouth. I sighed with pleasure, for she began to make small, fast 
licking movements with her tongue on the underside of the head of my 
penis, an area rich with nerve endings, even as her mouth still enclosed it. 
There was no need to thrust it in and out of her mouth since she was 
stimulating it with her tongue, almost driving me to distraction with the 
erotic effects.  I caressed her head, not knowing what else to do with my 
hands, and prayed that she wouldn t stop what she was doing to me. 
Fortunately she didn t, and after a few minutes of the stimulation of her wet 
mouth and agile tongue, I felt myself approaching ejaculation. Involuntarily 
I started moving my hips, thrusting my penis a little deeper into her mouth 
but I stopped when I realised that this prevented her from licking the 
underside of its head, an attention that was driving me wild. I finally began 
to ejaculate inside her mouth, no longer able to restrain myself. Expecting 
her to spit out my penis and close her mouth against my sperm, I let go of 
her head. On the contrary, and to my delight, she kept it inside her mouth 
and swallowed each drop as it spurted from my penis. I could see her 
throat muscles working as she attempted to swallow without choking and 
this excited me enormously, making me ejaculate even more sperm more 
forcefully into her mouth. 

At long last, I gradually stopped discharging, with the spasms coming 
more slowly and more weakly. Gemma swallowed the last of the sperm, 
then took my penis out of her mouth and began licking every last drop from 
its tip and sides, completely cleaning it. The pleasure I had experienced 
inside her mouth was almost beyond belief, and my satisfaction at her 
loving treatment of my erection during and after my ejaculation was 
immense. After she had given my penis one last kiss, I took her in my 
arms and caressed her for a long time, fighting off the urge to sleep. 

Some time later I had regained my ardour and my penis was growing hard 
again at the sight of Gemma's lovely naked body. I tensed the muscles in 
my groin and the penis jerked upward as if animated by a consciousness 
of its own. She gave a start at this, then told me to stop doing it. Naturally 
I continued, just to see her response, and she laughed and tried to hit me 
in frustration. "Naughty Gemma," I chastised her, "I'll have to punish you 
for that." 
"You wouldn t do anything to me," she answered. I said nothing, but 
reached over and grabbed a couple of plastic bags, the sort you get from a 
supermarket, and stood to my feet. Gemma reached up to take my 
erection in her hand, hoping to make me forget whatever it was I intended 
or at least delay it, although I think she was secretly excited. I pulled her 
up beside me and led her into the hallway where there were several 
decorative hooks just above my head height meant for hats and coats. "I'm 
going to tie you up, Gemma," I smiled. She laughed disbelievingly at this, 
so I thrust her against the wall and began tying a plastic bag around each 
of her slim wrists. Still she did not imagine that I would and could actually 
do what I had said, so she made no protest nor did she struggle. Or 
perhaps she wanted to be tied up and be made my helpless victim. Next I 
raised her arms above her head and with the handles of the bags, made a 
loop which would tighten if it were pulled. I slipped each loop over a 
coathook, her arms just long enough to reach, but not long enough so that 
she could free herself too easily, although it was by no means impossible. 

I stepped back and admired her, naked and restrained by her arms, 
fastened above her head. This elevated her full round breasts which pertly 
pointed their erect nipples upwards very fetchingly and I could not resist 
bending down and licking each one in turn, so temptingly soft and 
defenceless were they. She twisted her body as my tongue roamed over 
it,making her moan and occaisonally tickling her in sensitive places. Her 
powerlessness excited me greatly and I grew intoxicated with a wild lust. 
Suddenly, I decided to leave her and walk into the other room, where I sat 
down and lit a cigarette. The idea of leaving her naked, bound by her wrists 
and alone in the cold hallway was another arousing demonstration of my 
power over her. I smoked slowly, enjoying the cigarette all the more for 
listening to her first demanding, then begging me to free her. I callously 
ignored all her pleas until I had finished my cigarette. She had fallen silent 
now, resigned to her fate. As I walked down the hall, my penis gradually 
grew erect  and she followed it with her eyes as I moved towards her. 
Placing my hand between her legs I felt that her sex was damp with 
excitement, caused by her bondage. When I simply and easily removed 
her bonds she was furious with herself, because she realised that she 
could have removed them herself with a small amount of effort. This 
amused me and I led her naked and fuming back into the warm room. 

There I lay her down on the carpet and spread her legs. She reached up, 
eager for me to take her, and I entered her with ease because her sex was 
so wet and slippery from her arousal. Never had I pierced her nether lips so 
easily. She took hold of my buttocks, pulling hard so that I would drive as 
deeply as possible into her sex. Tying her up naked had turned me on 
enormously, and it had obviously had a similar effect on her. I could feel 
the burning hot interior of her sex as thrust hard into it, impaling her 
writhing body which was begging for release. We were like two animals 
rutting, I the dominant on top and she the submissive beneath,  having 
been subdued by her bondage, but both of us seeking the same end. I held 
her tight to me as I pounded her sex, crushing her breasts against my 
chest. Sweat trickled down her cleavage as she moaned in pleasure and 
clung to me. I could feel the tide mounting within me and I struggled to 
hold it back. Gemma's breathing came in short, sharp pants now with a 
small, vocalized moan with each breath. She threw her head back and 
tensed her body, which was then wracked by convulsions of ecstasy. 
Having also reached my limits, I released the floodgates and let my sperm 
violently explode deep inside her sex, still thrusting with each spasm until 
she was filled with my semen. I collapsed onto her prone body, too 
exhausted to withdraw my penis from her. We were both stunned by the 
ferocity of our desire and its conclusion, stimulated no doubt by what had 
gone before. We lay there panting for some time as we caught our breath. 
Our perspiration gradually evaporated, cooling our fevered bodies slightly. 
As I drifted off into sleep, I could still feel my erection hard inside her 
damp sex. 

THE END

--
