Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.




WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

GIRLS LOVING GIRLS Part 1 by Candy Kane

"Karen, I'm going for a hot shower," Brenda said as the movie ended.  "Want to join me?"  She got up from the couch and stretched her arms over her head; her breasts pushed her T-shirt out as it rode up exposing her bare navel and tiny bikini panties.  It was Saturday and our parents were away for the weekend.  My seventeen-year-old sister and I (I'm sixteen) had decided to spend the evening at home watching TV.  The main reason: neither one of us had a date.

"Sounds inviting," I said.  "You get started while I clean up."  I watched her head up the stairs, her long legs were tanned and slim, her bare feet padded on the carpet.  Then I picked up the empty popcorn bowls and soda glasses and went to the kitchen.  The movie we rented was very sexy with lots of nudity.  Brenda and I had been lying on each end of our large living room couch.  My hand had slipped down between my legs a few times during the really hot scenes, and I could tell from Brenda's squirming that she was enjoying herself too.  By the end of the movie, I was definitely turned on and very wet.  I knew from Brenda's suggestion that she was just as horny as I was.

Taking a shower together was not unusual; we loved being naked and touching.  When we were younger, it was innocent, sisterly stuff: inquisitive fingers exploring under a nightie or a bathing suit.  But as teenagers, there were times when it went a lot further.  Like the first time Brenda made out with a boy.  She raced home to tell me.  I wanted to know how it felt so she showed me.  From then on, we would practice our kissing techniques on each other before we went out on a date.  Sometimes I wondered which I liked more, making out with my sister or my boyfriends.

We shared a large bedroom with two beds, but in the winter we often slept together.  Many nights, we would snuggle up to get warm and our hands would wander, caress, and search.  It was so erotic to fall asleep with our bodies entwined and my hand between Brenda's legs or hers on my breast.  One night, I woke up to feel her finger in me.  She must have been having a very wet dream; she was fingering me in her sleep.  I thought it was so adorable and returned the favor, awakening her from her slumber with a warm, wet orgasm.

The memory sent a tingle down between my legs as I finished cleaning up the kitchen and headed up stairs to our parent's huge bathroom.  It had a whirlpool and double-headed shower.  I could see Brenda through the steamy glass shower doors.  She had her head tilted back letting the hot water wash over her face.  Her small breasts pointed straight out.  As she turned around, I could see the V-shaped patch of fur over her crotch that pointed like an arrow to her slit.  I had trimmed it for her only a few days before and called it my "get to the point" design.

I pulled my T-shirt over my head and pushed my panties down my legs.  The crotch was still wet from playing with myself while watching the sexy movie.  Sliding the glass door open, I stepped inside as the steam rushed up and surrounded me.

"We need a wash cloth," I said and turned to go get one.

"Wait, Karen."  Brenda held my arm.  "Just your hands."

"You're such a bad girl," I said as she pulled me into the two streams of water.

Brenda handed me a bar of soap and turned to face the marble wall.  "Do my back."

I lathered up my hands and rubbed them in big circles over her back starting at her shoulders and working my way down.  Brenda leaned forward placing her hands on the wall; her head faced down between her arms as the hot water sprayed over her.  I increased my circles to include her ribs and hips, letting my hands reach around to sweep over her breasts.  Every second or third time, I would stop on her nipples and give them extra attention; they hardened at my touch.  I ran my hands along her arms stopping to gently rub her underarms.  My sister was very sensitive there and had told me that when I kissed or caressed her underarms, it sent sparks shooting down between her legs.  I hoped it was working now.

From there, I lathered up the soap again and worked my way down to her bottom.  And what a thing of beauty: tight and perfectly shaped.  Brenda's clothes clung so nicely to it; I know because I watched it just as much as everyone else did when she walked down the hall at school.

Brenda and I loved to play little sex games when we were in public.  Like at school, we would go into a stall in the bathroom and finger each other.  Then we would switch panties.  During the next class, I would push the wet crotch of her panties into me.  What a turn-on it was to smell her pussy on my fingers and know her sticky girl-cum was inside me mixing with mine.

We were always seeing how much we could get away with.  Once in a crowded elevator on our way up to our father's office, I was squeezed in close behind Brenda.  Without anyone knowing, she reached behind and slipped her hand under my mini-skirt.  By the time I realized what she was doing, her finger was around the edge of my panties and into my pussy.  I was so flushed I almost fainted.  As the doors opened and we stepped out, she licked her finger.  "My favorite flavor," she said with a wink.  I was destroyed for the rest of the afternoon.

But I always got her back.  Like the time our family sat at the table eating dinner and our mother was discussing some important school event with Brenda.  I sat across from my sister, and while she tried to talk, I slipped my bare foot up between her legs and rubbed her crotch with my big toe.  Paybacks are hell, I thought, as I watched her squirm.

As the hot water created a cloud of steam that wrapped itself around us, I leaned forward and kissed Brenda's back.  Then I lathered up again and rubbed her beautiful bottom.  Running my slippery hand up and down her crack, I could tell she was getting aroused.  Her breathing deepened and she spread her legs.

"Get it really clean," Brenda said, smiling over her shoulder.

"Expecting company?" I asked.

"Only that nasty little tongue of yours."

"My, aren't we horny tonight."  I squatted down and ran my soapy hands along her legs enjoying the feel of her soft inner thighs.  While I stroked them, my eyes never left that gorgeous ass right in front of my face, particularly her puckered little hole.  It looked like a small flower and I remembered the first time I saw it up close.  We were in bed one night exploring each other's bodies using only the glow of a flashlight.  Brenda lay on her stomach and stuck her bottom up.  She reached back and spread her cheeks so I could see her hole asking me what it looked like.  I told her I thought it was the most beautiful thing in the world, next to her pussy of course.  That night we discovered just what a turn-on it was smelling and licking each other's bottoms.

I continued washing Brenda's legs working my way up until I was stroking her pussy from behind.  She moaned at my touch.  Then I took my thumbnail and softly scratched her anus causing an immediate contraction of her cheeks.  I pushed the tip of my thumb against her ass hole and let it gently slide in about the depth of my nail.  Brenda responded by pushing back trying to force it in further.  With my thumb inside her, I stood up and let my hips press up against her ass.  Spreading my legs slightly, I brought my pussy against the back of my hand and started a slow pumping rhythm as my thumb slid in and out of her while I massaged her cunt.

Next, I leaned over so my breasts could lie against her back.  I reached my other hand around and cupped her left breast, taking her swollen nipple between my fingers and giving it a firm squeeze.  I pushed my pussy against my hand forcing my thumb up inside her rectum as far as it would go.

"God, that feels so good," she managed to say as she met my thrusts.  "Just the right size."  Her words were slurred as her breathing quickened, her body trembled, her stomach sucked in and out.  I know my sister well; she was going to come fast and hard.  I loved the feel of my cunt pressing against my hand, but right then I was thinking only of her; all I wanted was to make her come.

God, if I only had a dick.

She climaxed with a shudder, gritting her teeth and jerking her head up and back.  She made a low moaning sound as she closed her eyes, the steaming water washing over us.  I slowed my thrusts and tried to support Brenda to keep her from sinking to the floor, her legs shaking, her body limp.  Slowly she recovered and caught her breath.  As I took my thumb out of her, I gave her pussy a few loving strokes and covered her back and neck with kisses.  She straightened and turned around, her eyes glazed over with sex.

Brenda wrapped her arms around my neck and locked her mouth on mine, her tongue shot out in a hot, wet kiss.  It was not a sisterly peck but a full-blown "fuck me" kiss.  Our breasts pressed together wet and slippery, soft and wonderful.  We shifted slightly so our pussies could grind against each other's thighs.  

Finally, we broke the embrace and I took Brenda by the hand.  "Let's dry off and go to bed," I said.

"Is that a proposition?" she asked with a giggle.

"Let's just say I heard you were an easy lay."

She kissed me again while she slid her hand down my stomach to my pussy, her middle finger resting between my folds.  Then she whispered into my ear, "We're wasting time talking when we could be fucking."

Shutting off the water, we opened the glass doors and stepped out.  Brenda grabbed two large towels and we dried each other off.  I was so turned on I wanted to pull her down on the floor and eat her right there.  But before I could, Brenda threw her towel over my head.

"So you think I'm an easy lay, do you?  Well, little sister, if you want to fuck me, you've got to catch me first."

With that, she ran out the door and down the hall.  Tossing the towel aside, I raced after her, thoroughly enjoying her girlish laughter and the sight of her bouncing ass and long legs as she disappeared around a corner.

Down the stairs we ran, two naked girls chasing each other like dogs in heat.  The sight would have given any boy an instant hard-on and any girl a wet crotch.  We raced around, me catching her only to have Brenda slip out of my grasp and sprint to the next room.  Finally, she ran back up the stairs, heading for our parent's room and their king size bed.  Brenda yanked the covers off and threw them to the side.  Then she scrambled onto the bed and positioned herself with her back to the headboard.  I rushed in and stopped a few feet away to catch my breath.

"Is there something you wanted, young lady?" she said nonchalant as if she had just noticed me for the first time.

I squatted down with my arms resting on my knees.  Then I slowly ran my hands along the inside of my thighs until they were at my crotch.  Brenda kept her gaze locked on the spot between my legs as I spread myself open.  I was so wet that when the cool air hit my hole, it gave me a rush.

We liked to use our parent's big bed when they were out of town on business trips.  We would fill the room with the scent of our lovemaking and I often wondered if mom and dad could smell all the girl-cum that had dried on their sheets.  

I gave out a little growl and went down on my hands and knees, my cunt throbbing, ready to be eaten.  I slowly crawling toward the bed and at the edge I growled again and climbed up the side until I was poised like a cat on the far corner.

"Is the lioness hungry?" Brenda asked.

I growled again, deep and sexy.

Brenda brought her knees up and spread her legs apart.  Then she reached down with her fingertips and opened herself.  I could see drops of moisture on her short fur, the inside of her hole glistened.  "Here's your dinner, pussycat, hot and pink, just like you like it."

I crawled forward until I was directly over her crotch.  Her scent filled my nostrils.  I was so turned on, my body shook, my eyes blurred.  I bent down and kissed her pussy with the same passion I would have kissed her mouth.  Then I lowered myself onto the bed, the cool sheets felt wonderful on my naked body that was still sweaty from our chase.  As Brenda wrapped her long legs around my head, I buried my face and devoured her like a hungry animal; licking, sucking and drinking in all the love juice that flowed out of her.

I reached up, took her nipples between my fingertips, and squeezed them as I licked her.  She moved her hips in unison to my thrusts and her soft purring quickly turned to moans as her body built to a climax.  Brenda ran her fingers through my hair, pushing on my head to force my tongue deeper.  Finally she stiffened and squeezed me tight with her legs as the orgasm rocked her.  I slowed and opened my eyes, looking up at her.  It was the most beautiful sight I could imagine as I watched her drift in and out of the blissful haze.

"Come here, sweet baby," she said, holding her arms open.  I crawled up her body licking and kissing as much of her along the way as I could.  When our lips were inches apart, she wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed, trying to eat each other with our hot mouths.  My lips and cheeks were covered with her cum and she seemed to relish licking it all off.

"I love making you come," I said between kisses.

"Really, I hadn't noticed."

We both giggled as we continued planting kisses all over our faces.

"You've been doing all the work," Brenda said when we finally stopped to catch our breath.  "Now its my turn."

"Heads or tails?" I asked.

"Tails, of course," she replied and scooted out from under me.

Still on my stomach, I waited until she positioned herself behind me before I pulled my knees in and stuck my ass up.  I could feel her warm breath as she sniffed me like a puppy.  Then she ran her tongue up and down my crack using the tip to tease my ass hole before moving down to lick my pussy.

"You smell so good," she said between licks.

"Good enough to eat?" I asked with a wiggle.

Her answer was a loud moan as she pressed her face into me and devoured my pussy.

Brenda knew how much I loved being eaten from behind and electricity shot through me when her tongue went in my pussy and her nose pushed on my anus.  I reached back to spread my cheeks and she rubbed my legs and ass, her experienced tongue doing exactly what I liked.  "Oh, you nasty girl!" I said through clenched teeth.

Suddenly the phone ran.

"Shit!" Brenda said looking up. "Don't they know we're busy?"

Slowly I swung around out of breath, my chest heaving.  "It could be mom or dad.  We've got to answer it."  I took her face in my hands and pulled her mouth to mind.  I could taste my cum all over her.

"Fuck!" she said as we broke the kiss.

"Hold that thought."  I rolled over to reach the phone on the table beside the bed.  "Hello."  I listened for a moment and then held my hand over the receiver.  "It's Mrs. Cummings from down the street," I whispered.  "She's been called into an emergency shift at the hospital and her husband's on the road.  She wants to know if we could baby-sit Lisa tonight?"

"Lisa?"

"You know, her twelve-year-old."

While I talked with Mrs. Cummings, I watched Brenda as she slowly slipped two fingers in and out of her pussy.  She knew she was driving me crazy when she brought them up and licked off her juice.  With a wicked smile, she stuck her fingers deep inside her again and then offered them to me.

"Cut that out, Brenda," I whispered.  "We have to decide.  Do we want her over here or not?"

"Well," Brenda said between licks, "how can we fuck when there's a twelve-year-old around to watch?"  Then she paused for a moment and said, "Unless . . ."

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" I said slyly.

"Maybe we could have some three-way fun."  Brenda reached over and ran her hand down between my legs.

"Is that all you think about?" I said, pushing her away.

"Oh and you don't?"

"Mrs. Cummings," I said with difficulty as Brenda played with me.  "We'd love to help you out.  Just sent Lisa on over and don't worry about a thing.  She'll be in good hands."

Brenda laughed out loud at that last comment and I found it hard to keep a straight face until I hung up.  "You have the dirtiest mind of anyone I know," I said.  Then I leaned over and put my lips to her ear.  "Besides, what if I don't want to share you with some little twelve-year-old cunt."

Brenda ran her fingers through my hair.  "Remember, lover, what's between my legs is yours anytime you want it."  She kissed me hard, then said, "Now I wonder what it would take to get in Lisa panties?"

"She is kind of cute."  I casually played with Brenda's patch of pubic fleece.

"I saw her in a two-piece not too long ago," Brenda said.  "She's got a nice ass and her tits are just starting to come out."

"Then let's get dressed and be ready to eat, I mean greet her." 

We both laughed as I rolled off the bed and reached out my hand.  Brenda took it and we headed down the hall arm-in-arm.  "What do you wear to seduce a twelve-year-old girl?" I said.

"Now who's got the dirty mind?" she said and ran her hand down my bare ass.

End of part 1.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com


















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....