			Girl School

The headmistress said, girls, welcome to this great academy. Your only 
aim in this course is to train this pet I am sitting on. Each of you 
would get as many chances as you want to use him as a slave. It is up to
each and everyone of you to train him properly. Once you have him, you 
can do anything, absolutely ANYTHING with his body. I will be watching
each of you as you handle him and the girl who gets the highest points, 
will get to take him back to wherever she wants to and keep him there until
she decides to leave him.

One of the girls asked, Mistress, why is he the only slave here? I would 
enjoy to screw more than one man at a time. The headmistress replied,
I would have loved to have more than one slave here too, but it is in our
regulations that there can be only one at a time. Besides we could not 
easily find another such slave otherwise we could have cheated a little.

I was feeling the touch of the head mistress's thighs and I could not believe
it that despite the pain and humiliation, I was getting a hard-on then and
there itself. I tried to control it but I could not and suddenly two strong 
hands gripped my penis and balls from the back. That lady squeezed it very 
hard and I was getting an intense pleasure from that act also. Suddenly the
headmistress realized what was going on and she told the other lady to step
back and sit on a chair. The head mistress got out of her seat that is, she
was off my back. She saw the hard-on and decided to start her first teaching
lesson there. I was laid on my back and then bound with ropes again. My arms
were stretched back as much as possible and then both wrists were tied 
separately to a side of the stage. The same thing was done with my legs. Now
the head mistress came back there with a handful of clothes pins, the metallic
ones. She started attaching the pins on my body. She started with the back
side of my upper arms and attached as many pins as possible there. By now,
strangely, I had started to enjoy all this stuff. Probably, it was because
I knew there was nothing I could do, so I thought of pleasing each and every
lady over there. The pins were painful, but still I could bear the pain. Then
the head mistress attached some pins surrounding my nipples and some more
on my inner thighs. I was still feeling good, 'cause I did not know what was
coming next. Next she jumped onto my body and sat on my penis. She guided my
penis into her asshole, all the time teasing me by hitting the clothes pins
attached onto my body. She occasionally bent forward and slapped me hard on
my face. The pain and pleasure were both unbearable. Actually it was tough to
say whether I was experiencing pain or pleasure. Finally I and the headmistress
had our orgasm together. The head mistress slapped me once or twice more and
came off me. A girl ran towards the scene and took my penis in her mouth to
lick my cum. She licked off everything around the penis and went back to her
seat satisfied.

Now the headmistress came back with a riding crop in her hand and before I 
could register it, she started beating me with it. She whipped me with the 
riding crop first on my thighs. Each time she whipped me, my whole body would
rise and fall in pain and surprisingly some pleasure as the pins on my thighs
came out one by one. She then whipped onto my upper arms with the riding crop
until all pins on my arms were out. Believe me, I really enjoyed it. While
she was whipping on my arms, it also landed on my chest and belly.
The pins on my nipples also came out due to the force of the crop. Then she
sat on my face and made me lick her. I licked her juicy cunt. That was the 
best thing I had licked in my entire life. I was really starting to enjoy 
the whole thing now. The head mistress also seemed quite satisfied with the
show. She rose and stepped on me. Then she again addressed the girls sitting
and watching. She said, Girls, you have seen an example right here. You do
not HAVE to act exactly in the same way. You can do whatever you want. But,
remember, this is not a bondage academy, so do not try to think of his pain.
Think of your pleasure and I am sure he will start getting into this with
his own will quite soon. You have to participate in many competitions here,
which will require that you have a good command on him. It is important that
you win. Your points will be based on all the competitions plus the other
events that we are going to do here. Remember the winner gets to keep him. 
Any questions? 

A girl stood up and asked, Can we have sex also with him while training him
as you had?

The headmistress replied, Yes, of course, as I already told you, his body
belongs to you and you being the owner can do ANYTHING you want with it. Any
other questions?

Another girl rose, I and my friend would like to do it together. Is it 
OK?

The headmistress said, Why do you want to do it together?
The girl replied, We are used to having sex together and besides friendship,
we are twins, so if we win, he will serve both of us.

The headmistress replied, That sounds OK to me, though I do not approve it
much. But, alright, you will have to show double impact on him to compete.
Do you understand?

The girl replied, Yes mistress.

Nobody else asked any questions. The headmistress said, Let us end the 
orientation class of today by our ritual, so please form a line and one by
one come to the stage.

I was untied and kept in a large plastic box. Each and every girl came over 
to the box and pissed on me. Some of them did slap me before ending the 
RITUAL. When all the girls were done with the pissing, I was feeling like I
had been dropped in a tank of sea water. I was very hungry and thirsty and I
drank some of the piss. All the girls then left one by one. My girl friend's
sister came over to me and said, you have some time to recover before we 
start over on you. 

Now the headmistress came to me and said, Good, you have been a very good
slave. In fact, you are the best I have ever seen. I am very pleased. For 
some days, before our classes start, you will live with us here, and the 
only thing that you have to do is SEX. Try to please my assistants also
the way you pleased me and you will be rewarded with the best sex anyone has
ever had. Most of your wounds will heal by the time the classes start. You 
will be given whatever you want to eat. But as a tradition, you would not
get any water. I think this plastic tank is going to be enough for you to
satisfy your drinking needs. So, welcome to this academy and ENJOY.


