Archive-name: Bondage/girlskul.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Girl's School Disciplinarian


                              PART I

     Richard Hazel was delighted that he had been selected from 
among several applicants to be the assistant headmaster, or in 
this case assistant to the headmistress, of one of the most 
exclusive girl's school in the country.  The entire staff of 
Greenwich Academy was female, except for a very elderly biology 
teacher and, now, Richard.  Fresh from school, himself, having 
just received his master's in English literature, Richard had 
been looking for a teaching position.  An interview over lunch 
with Greenwich's lovely headmistress, Ann Henderson, had clinched 
the job.
     "You know the assistant head acts as the school disciplinar-
ian," Ann had said grinning broadly, "I wonder if you are aware 
of that."
     Richard was, indeed, unaware of that part of the job and Ann 
had explained the discipline practices at Greenwich.
     "Girls are sent here by very conservative families who want 
them to behave in a traditional way.  Therefore, they insist on 
old-fashioned discipline and give us written authorization to 
administer it."  Ann Henderson laughed when Richard continued to 
look puzzled.  "We use corporal punishment, Richard," she said.  
"In addition to teaching them literature, you will have to spank 
them - that is the younger ones.  Girls 16 and older are put over 
a punishment horse and a rattan cane is applied to their bare 
bottoms."
     She smiled at his obvious embarrassment.  "You'll get used 
to it.  There is always a female there to help you, usually me, 
and we do all the bottom baring that is necessary.  All you have 
to do is apply the punishment."
     At the thought that he would be spanking bare female back-
sides, Richard had blushed deeply.  Then, as he cooled off, he 
noticed that the conversation was really exciting his new superi-
or.  "Ms.  Henderson," he said finally, "I'll try to do the job 
properly."  She had insisted on his calling her Ann and, when 
they shook hands to seal their new relationship, her hand had 
lingered on his arm squeezing it warmly.
     That had been a few weeks ago before the beginning of the 
new term.  Now, the school year was well under way and tonight 
was his first experience as disciplinarian.  With some hesita-
tion, he walked toward his office exactly at 8:00 P.M., the time 
set for the week's punishments.  There were three girls waiting 
for him on the bench outside the office, their eyes averted and 
obviously distressed as they anticipated their fate.  One of 
them, apparently the oldest, looked quite adult and well de-
veloped notwithstanding the school uniform that she wore.  For a 
moment their eyes met and the girl blushed deeply as she recog-
nized the man who was about to discipline her.
     Ann was already in the office preparing for the evening 
session.  She had placed a straight backed chair in the center of 
the room and rolled the horse out of a closet, firmly locking its 
wheels in place after it had been set in an open area of the 
office.  It was the kind used for gymnastics with a padded leath-
er top.
     "We start with the youngest," Ann said.  "That gives the 
older girls a little more time to think about what's coming and 
they appreciate the lesson all the more.  This paddle is what we 
use on the youngsters."  She handed him a thin wooden paddle 
through which several smooth round holes had been drilled.
     At a signal from Ann, another female teacher who was assist-
ing brought the first girl into the room.  She was a very nervous 
12 year old who had been caught stealing.  "Well, Doris," said 
Ann, "you're going to get a spanking and I hope you learn not to 
take other people's things.  Now, go and place yourself over Mr. 
Hazel's lap."
     The young girl, tears already beginning to roll down her 
cheeks, begged to be spared the painful punishment.  "Please, Ms.  
Henderson, I don't want to be...to be spanked.  I'll never do it 
again."
     "Nonsense, Doris, you deserve a spanking and you're going to 
get one.  If you delay, it will only be harder for you."
      Crying loudly, the girl lay across Richard's lap as he 
adjusted her small body so that the child's buttocks were proper-
ly positioned under his right hand.  Ann lifted Doris's school 
uniform jumper out of the way and lowered the white cotton pan-
ties to a point just under the curve of the bottom cheeks com-
pletely exposing the spanking area.  Taking the paddle, Richard 
applied it to the round cheeks firmly, alternating from one to 
the other.
     "Yike...yeow...oh...ouch."  The hapless girl yelped as the 
paddle struck her resilient bottom cheeks, each solid smack 
leaving a red blotch on the girl's round backside.  As Doris 
kicked her legs vigorously,  Richard realized that the paddle was 
imparting a painful sting even though he was not swinging it very 
hard.  A simple snap of the wrist brought the wicked instrument 
rushing through the air to hit the exposed bottom with a loud 
report.  The howl from the young student testified to the pain it 
must be causing.
     After a few minutes, the young bottom had been reddened 
considerably and the well-spanked child was tearfully promising 
ideal conduct.  Richard looked at Ann who nodded her agreement 
that Doris had been sufficiently punished.  Richard released the 
girl, who quickly pulled up her panties and ran from the room.  
"Very well done," said Ann, "you did that quite well and knew 
when to stop."  Ann's own face was flushed with excitement.  "I 
have difficulty with that and, since we don't want to punish the 
girls excessively, I prefer that the assistant head do it, al-
though this is the first time we've had a man."
     The next girl to be ushered into the room was a 15 year old 
who had violated the school's smoking rules several times.  Ann 
recited the various incidents to her and announced the punish-
ment.  The young lady blushed furiously as she realized that she 
was to be spanked and hesitated before taking her place across 
Richard's lap.
     "Come, young lady," Ann commanded, "get over there.  Next 
year you will feel the sting of the cane.  I think you would 
prefer the spanking."
     This time the regulation panties were lowered to reveal a 
very well developed female bottom.  The girl's twin cheeks were 
exquisite and Richard could not resist admiring them before he 
began to spank the lovely mounds of bottom flesh.  Nevertheless, 
he administered the spanking as objectively as possible causing 
the cheeks to wiggle and squeeze as the sting of the paddle 
penetrated into the soft and yielding flesh.
     "Ouch...oh...don't...Yeow...please stop...Agh."  The 
teenager's howls mingled with the sharp smacks of the paddle as 
the girl's legs kicked and waved in the air giving Richard a 
delightful view of her vulva and pussy lips.
     It seemed to Richard that spanking a lovely young girl was 
not altogether unpleasant.  He could feel his own excitement 
stiffen as the girl bounced and wiggled over his lap, rubbing 
against what he hoped was not an obvious bulge.  Richard was more 
than ready to terminate the punishment when the reddened bottom 
cheeks and the penitent wails of the teenager indicated that the 
lesson had been learned.
     When released from her humiliating posture, the young girl 
stood, her panties at her ankles, exposing the furry thatch of 
her pubic mound as well as her chastised bottom cheeks which she 
rubbed vigorously.  Richard, slightly embarrassed by this dis-
play, began to blush.  This seemed to amuse the females present, 
including the punished student who slowly, and somewhat painful-
ly, wriggled into her panties while affording Richard another 
vivid view of her rosy twin mounds.
     When the young girl left the room, Ann walked over to Rich-
ard and, bringing her face close to his, whispered so that only 
he could hear her.  "Don't be upset.  It's perfectly natural for 
you to be stimulated by these girls.  We'll discuss this later.  
Now, it's time to see what you can do with the cane"
     At Ann's signal, the other teacher escorted the last, and 
oldest, student into the room.  She was the very mature 17 year 
old whom Richard had noticed before and, obviously, in her last 
year at the Academy.  Her well developed figure made even the 
school uniform look delightful and the short jumper revealed 
lovely legs.  As a senior, she was privileged to wear pantyhose 
and shoes with moderate heels, all of which added to her erotic 
appearance.
     "My dear Alice," said Ann addressing the girl, "last year 
you were a chronic curfew violator and you seem to be getting off 
to the same start this year, but this time with a twist."  Turn-
ing to Richard, Ann continued.  "You are aware of Edgewood, the 
school for boys at the end of the road.  Unfortunately, it's too 
close for our comfort.  Last week Alice was discovered in a boy's 
room over there.  The headmaster brought her back to us and 
assured me that the boy would be properly punished.  Since they 
have the same discipline policy as we do, I assume he is paying 
for his fun in the same way that our Alice will."
     The girl's face reddened as she responded.  "I was just 
visiting and lost track of time.  I didn't do anything wrong - 
nothing happened - believe me.  We were just talking."
     "I'm sure," said Ann sarcastically, "then how did your 
panties wind up on the floor of his room."
       Alice, thoroughly embarrassed by this confrontation, and 
the dreaded chastisement in store for her, began to sob.  
"We...treated like an adult.  I'm almost 18.
     "You were just about to say that you were starting to have 
sex when you were interrupted," suggested Ann.  "You should con-
sider yourself lucky that you were.  When you are 18, you can do 
what you wish.  However, you are not there yet and it is my obli-
gation to see that you are maintained under discipline."
     The ladies escorted the tearful Alice to the horse and bent 
her over it so that her backside was uppermost on the padded top 
and her feet barely touched the floor.  Leather cuffs hung from 
the frame of the device and these were used to imprison the 
girl's hands.  Smiling, Ann lifted the jumper out of the way and 
lowered the hose and the panties underneath to expose a well form 
pair of bottom cheeks already wriggling with embarrassment and 
anticipation.  "Very well, Mr. Hazel, let's see if a dozen 
strokes will improve Alice's behavior.
     Grasping the rattan cane firmly, Richard tested it once by 
whipping it through the air.  The reaction of the young lady 
whose bare bottom was exposed for punishment suggested that she 
had heard its sound.  Again he brought the rattan through the air 
but this time he applied it smartly to the twin cheeks before 
him.
     Instantly, a red welt appeared on the quivering mounds 
accompanied by a moan of pain.  Alice gasped again as Richard 
laid on a stroke.  Pausing briefly, he again wielded the cane 
placing a stripe almost immediately below the first one.
     "Yeow..." Alice shrieked, kicking violently with her feet 
and managing to drum on the floor with the tips of her shoes as 
the sting spread across her naked backside.  "Oh...please, it 
hurts terribly."
     Richard studied his target for the next stroke.  The girl's 
buttocks were raised high and presented perfectly for punishment.  
Not only were the bare hillocks in evident view, but the humili-
ating posture also exposed a substantial part of the intimate 
area between them.  Richard found himself becoming aroused by the 
sight of the pussy lips, surrounded by a furry thatch of pubic 
hair, and hidden in the cleft between the quivering bottom 
cheeks.
     Nevertheless, Richard recalled himself to the job at hand 
and continued to wield the cane on Alice's wiggling and naked 
posterior, pausing briefly between each stroke to allow the full 
effect to be felt.  Alice's shrieks served to reassure Richard
that his performance was effective just as the reddening stripes, 
crisscrossing the pale mounds of Alice's bottom, gave proof that 
the punishment was being well applied.
     By the 8th stroke, Alice was howling hysterically.  
"Oh...please...oh this is awful...it hurts...yeow...I promise 
I'll never do it again."
     When the final strokes had been applied without mercy to the 
wailing Alice, the hand restraints were removed from the sobbing 
young lady.  She remained over the horse, however, bawling miser-
ably and seemingly unwilling to endure the humiliation of facing 
her tormentors.  Instead, for a few minutes, she continued to 
present an erotic display of bottom cheeks covered with fiery red 
welts and, as she wiggled and bounced with pain, a furry cunt 
visibly moist from her exciting ordeal.
     It seemed to Richard that he had an erection that could not 
be calmed as he contemplated the ease with which he could insert 
his stiff manhood between those wet pussy lips.  Embarrassed, 
himself, Richard quickly sat down as the ladies helped Alice 
dismount.
     The girl removed her hosiery and panties, not wishing to 
endure the friction of underclothes against her chastised back-
side, and with a quick and wistful glance at Richard, fled snif-
fling from room, her jumper skirt barely covering her red bottom.
     Ann dismissed the female assistant with a nod, then locked 
the office door.  Smiling, she approached Richard, aware of his 
embarrassed situation.  "She was cute, I must admit," Ann said.
       Ann knelt in front of Richard and, to his dismay, unzipped 
his pants and freed his tormented cock from the clothing which 
had imprisoned it.  "Now relax,"  Ann murmured, "these sessions 
get me horny too, so I suggest we simply do what is necessary to 
obtain relief.  Do you agree"?
       Richard could only moan in response as Ann inserted his 
stiffened cock between her red lips.  In a few moments, his de-
lighted sighs filled the room and evidenced his assent.

===============================================================

PART TWO

     Richard Hazel had settled in comfortably as a teacher and as 
assistant to the head of Greenwich Academy, an exclusive private 
school for girls.  To his delight, he discovered that the primary 
function of his administrative job was the spanking of those 
young ladies who violated the school's strict rules - a responsi-
bility which he handled very well and which was sexually stimu-
lating to him.  The spankings were also stimulating to Ann Hen-
derson, his boss and the school's headmistress, a required wit-
ness to each of the bare bottom chastisements.  As a result, he 
found himself the happy object of Ann's attentions after each 
Friday night punishment session, with his cock nearly buried in 
the lady's eager mouth or between her equally hungry pussy lips.
     As the school term advanced, however, the demands on his 
disciplinary skills abated.  After the first few weeks, the pain 
and humiliation of the first few miscreants seemed to serve as an 
object lesson for all of the girls.  Although each spanking was 
privately administered, the sound of the paddle or the cane 
followed by anguished cries could be heard by other girls on 
their way to the school store, club meetings or other evening 
activities.  Undoubtedly, also, the sight of a sniffling teenage 
girl walking uncomfortably back to her dormitory, while rubbing 
at her stinging posterior, sent a message to her peers that 
inappropriate behavior was dealt with severely at the Academy.
     So it was that Richard's mind was not on disciplinary duties 
on the particular afternoon that Ann walked into his office.  He 
had been grading papers and looked up at the interruption.
     "Richard, my sweet," smiled Ann, "we have a problem on our 
hands and I want you in on it.  Mrs. Harris just had a report 
from one of her 9th graders.  Apparently, the child's roommate 
has a badly bruised backside and she was worried about it.  Some-
one has been walloping her.  Have you been practicing your spank-
ing after school?"
     Richard ignored the jibe.  "This fits in with what I've 
heard before.  I think we have some sort of secret organization 
operating in the Upper School.  Some of my students have suggest-
ed it, but no one is willing to talk about it.  I'm told it's 
called the Ladies of the Evening because they meet at night, 
after lights out, and they like the joke which the name creates."
     "I intend to get to the bottom of this," said Ann angrily.  
"I won't have that kind of nonsense in my school.  If anyone is 
going to smack ass, it will be me.  Or you, dear," she said, 
softening and bending to kiss Richard.  "I will send for the girl 
immediately and bring her here."

     About 10 minutes later, Ann returned to Richard's office 
followed by a reluctant teenager.  Ann smiled as the girl de-
clined an invitation to be seated.  "Betty," she said addressing 
the nervous 14 year old, "I understand that you have been smacked 
around a little.  How did it happen?"
     "It's nothing, Ms.  Henderson," the girl mumbled.
     "Nevertheless, you will tell me...about that and about the 
Ladies of the Evening."  The reference to the secret organization 
definitely struck home and a flush crept over the girl's face.  
"I...I can't talk about it," she said.
     Sternly, the young headmistress seated herself in one of the 
chairs and pulled the surprised Betty over her lap.  In a moment, 
the girls uniform skirt had been raised and her panties lowered.  
Betty's full bottom cheeks, now exposed, revealed a number of red 
blotches, obviously the result of their having been smacked 
repeatedly with a hard implement.  Embarrassed that her pudgy 
mounds were now on display in Richard's presence, the girl wig-
gled and groaned.
     "O.  K.  my girl.  We get the truth out of you or I will ask 
Mr. Hazel to lend me his paddle and I will personally give you 
another dose."
     At this Betty began to wail.  "Oh, please," she blubbered, 
"Don't spank me, I've had enough.  I'll tell you but...but you 
can't tell them I told...they'll kill me."
     Tearfully, with her ample bare mounds in the air over Ann's 
knees, Betty disclosed the secret of the Ladies of the Evening.  
As Richard had surmised, the group purported to be a secret 
sorority started by five 10th grade girls two years ago.  The 
leaders were now seniors but each year they had each recruited a 
9th grader so that the group now numbered 15.  Betty was one of 
five 9th grade candidates chosen for this year.
     "How does the bottom warming enter into all this"?  Ann 
applied a gentle smack to the upraised bottom on her lap as she 
asked the question and was delighted by the yelp of pain from the 
youngster.
     "We...we have to do things for the sisters, that's the older 
girls who are already in, and if you don't do what you're sup-
posed to, or if its not right, well...you get the paddle."
     Betty went on to describe the punishment session which was 
held for those unlucky candidates who had committed infractions.  
The offender was made to bend over the back of chair, placing 
both hands flat on the seat.  Then her skirt was raised and 
panties lowered to the floor.  In that humiliating posture, the 
girl received the allotted number of strokes from each of the 
"sisters" applied with a college fraternity paddle which one of 
them had obtained from her older brother.  The result was that 
the backsides of several 9th graders had been given a severe 
workout.
     "You must know, Betty," said Ann, giving the girl another 
sharp spank, "that secret societies or sororities of any kind are 
against our rules.  As of this moment you are out of it.  I will 
deal with the Ladies myself."
     Ann's hand moved softly over the Betty's tormented cheeks as 
the girl wiggled in nervous anticipation.  "Now, dear," Ann said, 
"if you are ready to give me the names, I think we can let you go 
back to rubbing that sore backside."
     Later that evening, the headmistress of Greenwich Academy 
lay on her back in Richard's bed, her legs apart and waving in 
the air as she held him in the "saddle" formed by her thighs and 
buttocks.  Between groans of pleasure Ann recounted the details 
of her meeting with the 15 girls named by Betty.  Threatened with 
immediate expulsion, the "Ladies" had begged for some alternative 
punishment and, after a suitable period of suspense, Ann had 
relented.  "Wait till you hear what I have planned," she mur-
mured.  Then she gasped loudly as Richard's cock plunged further 
between her pussy lips.
     Although there was no formal announcement, that Friday 
evening a large number of girls from the upper school filled the 
stands in the gymnasium as the story circulated that the snobbish 
members of the forbidden sorority were to be disciplined in the 
presence of their peers.  From the locker area, Richard and Ann 
led an unhappy string of "Ladies" onto the gym floor.  The 15 
girls were dressed only in tee shirts and panties, as their 
bouncing breasts and protruding nipples demonstrated.  A number 
of chairs had been set up and, at Ann's instructions, they sat 
down to await their punishment, embarrassed at the presence of an 
audience.  A scorers table had been set up in the middle of the 
floor and small gym mats had been draped over both ends.
     "You girls have violated school rules by forming a secret 
society and participating in forbidden activities."  Ann was 
addressing the 15, but the spectators, expectantly hushed, were 
listening to every word.
     "The worst part of it all is that you treated your younger 
schoolmates with brutality and encouraged a snobbish attitude 
among the other members of your group.  I think that, after our 
talk, almost all of you are now aware that the Ladies of the 
Evening organization was a big mistake.  We will accept that, but 
you must be punished.  As your names are called, kindly step 
forward to the table, drop your panties to the floor and bend 
over one of the ends.  You will each receive eight strokes of the 
cane from Mr. Hazel and myself.  If you move out of position 
before you are permitted, you will receive additional strokes."
     Turning to the spectators, Ann reacted to the murmur caused 
by her announcement.  "Those of you who do not wish to share this 
punishment had better be quiet.  This discipline session is being 
held in the gym not only because of the large number of girls 
involved but because I want all of you to get the message.  While 
the punishment is relatively mild, the pain and humiliation of it 
is intended to bring these young ladies down to earth.  I expect 
that the lesson will be learned."
     Turning to the embarrassed girls, Ann called up the first 
two who, with some hesitation, took their places over each end of 
the table.  By agreement with Ann, Richard advanced on the teen-
ager lying over the nearest end and paused a moment, cane in 
hand, to survey the nubile backside upended before him.  Overcome 
by the shame of this public chastisement, the girl had begun 
sobbing as soon as her bare bottom cheeks were exposed so that 
her twin mounds quivered with anticipation as well as the effect 
of her emotion.  Richard noted, with some delight, that the 
girl's bottom consisted of two perfectly formed mounds with wisps 
of pubic hair peeping out from the dark cleft visible between 
them.
     Richard's reverie was interrupted by the swish of a cane and 
a loud yelp of pain.  Ann had begun to apply the punishment to 
the girl at the other end of the table.  As if following this 
cue, Richard began the job at hand.  Pausing briefly between each 
stroke, the headmistress and her assistant applied the requisite 
number of strokes to the soft female rumps as the girl's howled 
and danced.
     When the punishment was over, the girls remained in posi-
tion, crying loudly, until Ann excused them and then scooped up 
their panties from the floor and ran from into the locker area, 
bouncing and jiggling in a manner that amused the spectators.  As 
the next two girls were called to take their place, Richard moved 
to the other side of the table to the position which Ann had 
previously occupied.  This time the bare bottom presented to him 
was larger and more voluptuous so that Richard was rewarded with 
the delightful bounce of the twin cheeks as the cane left its 
mark.
     For the next several minutes, the gym was filled with the 
sobs and cries of the anguished young girls undergoing punishment 
as, two by two, they assumed their positions and felt the chas-
tisement of the cane.  As a further measure of humiliation, the 
girls were quite aware that the required posture that thrust 
their bare bottoms high in the air for punishment also exposed 
their most intimate female areas to the view of the onlookers.  
But as the cane bit into the tender bottom cheeks, most of them 
had difficulty keeping their feet from dancing about in a frantic 
hop or beating their toes against the gym floor in a futile 
effort to calm the pain.
     Nearly all of the youngsters, when excused by Ann, ran from 
the floor of the gym, sobbing and rubbing the reddening welts of 
the cane crisscrossing their bare behinds.  Some, more modest, 
attempted first to replace their panties but found their bottoms 
too sensitive for the stretched cotton.  As a result, several 
girls left the floor with panties covering only the pubic area 
leaving their sore rumps exposed to the air which, together with 
their sobs and cries of distress, contributed to the amusement of 
the audience.
     Finally, one young lady remained seated after the others, 
soundly chastised, had fled in shame.  Cynthia Baker, the leader 
of the group, sat up primly, her proud breasts and erect nipples 
thrusting against the cotton shirt.  Cynthia had not been apolo-
getic in Ann's meeting.  On the contrary, she considered the 
school's position on her sorority as quite reactionary and had 
said as much.  Ann vowed she would find a way to bring this 
snobby bitch down.
     "Cynthia," said Ann sweetly, "no cane for you, my dear.  You 
have been very difficult in this situation making it hard for me 
to enforce the rule of the school and encouraging the others to 
question my authority - you have been a very stubborn child.  
So...you are to be punished as a naughty little girl is punished.  
Right here, in front of your friends, Cynthia, Mr. Hazel will 
give you an old fashioned spanking.  We'll see if the paddle can 
help you understand the situation."
     Cynthia blushed furiously.  As Richard approached her, 
beckoning, she seemed frantic.  "Please," she murmured to him, 
"don't humiliate me that way.  I'll take the cane, but a spanking 
is too embarrassing.  I'm...I'm 17 years old."
     Not withstanding her protests, Richard pulled her, half 
dragging, to a chair in the center of the gym floor and posi-
tioned her over his knees in the classic spanking posture.  
Cynthia small fists beat against his leg, but a resounding smack 
of the paddle he was holding against the girl's ample and panty 
clad rump soon gave her something else to think about.  Pausing, 
Richard placed his hand in the waistband of Cynthia's panties and 
pulled them down to her ankles where they retarded the girl's 
frantic efforts to kick.  The spectators became quiet as 
Cynthia's twin mounds were exposed and Richard began to apply the 
paddle to the bare cheeks.
     SMACK...SMACK...SMACK, the spanks descended like the crack 
of a cap pistol on the bare and wiggling bottom.  
"Ouch...Ow...stop...Oh...Ooo...that hurts...please...no-oh."  
Cynthia's protests turned to howls of pain as the Richard spanked 
the bouncing mounds with a slow even cadence.
       "Yeow...hoo, hoo...ouch, help...AIEEEK."  Cynthia began to 
howl loudly.  As much as she tried to wiggle and kick to avoid 
the punishment, the paddle continued to descend on her tormented 
and reddening cheeks.  She waived her legs in the air wildly, 
kicking off the flimsy panties.  Her shrieks and yelps of pain 
and her gyrating red bottom cheeks made her appear to be a little 
girl suffering the traditional punishment for her naughtiness.  
This image contrasted somewhat with the mature furry cleft which 
she displayed as her thighs opened.
     Cynthia was blubbering loudly when Richard, at last, ended 
the painful and ordeal.  He did not allow her to leave her humil-
iating position over his lap so that, for a few moments she lay 
sobbing, her bare bottom cheeks red and quivering with the hot 
sting of the paddle - in every sense a completely subjugated 
young lady.  Finally, Richard placed her on her feet, still bare 
from the waist down and spoke to her softly.  "Cynthia, "it's 
time for your little speech of apology.  Now do it well or you go 
back over my lap."
     Cynthia stood, completely humiliated and red-faced, her 
blazing bottom exposed to everyone.  Her hands were cupped in 
front of her to cover her pubic mound, although, from time to 
time, they rubbed at her well-spanked backside.  Her friends and 
classmates sat silently as she began in a cracked and sobbing 
voice.  "I...I'm sorry...what I did was wrong...[sniff].  I 
apologize and ask you all to forgive me."
     Ann, who had retrieved the girl's panties, brought them to 
her.  "Very well," she said, "I hope you have learned your les-
son.  You may leave."
     When all of the girls had filed out of the gym, Richard 
guided Ann to the table over which the girls had been punished.  
Before the surprised headmistress could protest, he bent her over 
the end and, pulling up her skirt, yanked her panties down to 
floor.  Freeing his hard and throbbing cock, he thrust it up 
against Ann's cunt and was pleased to discover that she had 
become soaking wet during the evening's proceedings.  With a 
murmur of delight, he slid his rigid maleness between the 
headmistress's moist pussy lips.  Again the gym resounded with 
feminine noises, but this time there were no tears.

===============================================================

PART III

     Parents' weekend at Greenwich Academy is always a chaotic 
experience.  Parents and their daughters mill about the campus, 
in the dorm rooms and the recreation areas.  While there are 
formal activities designed to give the them an idea of the school 
life, parents usually try to see faculty members to inquire about 
the progress being made by their darlings.
     To avoid this kind of confrontation, Richard Hazel, assist-
ant to the headmistress of Greenwich, and the school disciplinar-
ian, spent Saturday afternoon in his private study marking pa-
pers.  This was not the office which he generally occupied, but 
the room used for punishment.  Of course, there were no disci-
pline sessions scheduled which give Richard a free afternoon.  At 
least until a knock on the door intruded on his solitude.
     With a sigh, he went to the door and, opening it, stood 
staring at the lovely woman in the doorway.  Richard's visitor 
had the face and figure of a fashion magazine cover.  Her beauti-
ful blond hair, blue eyes and the hint of firm and ample breasts 
under the jacket of her elegant suit caused him to pause as if 
paralyzed.
     She smiled at his discomfiture.  "May I come in," she said, 
"I'm Evelyn Colewell."
     Richard stammered an unintelligible response, but he backed 
away from the door and waved her in.  He directed her to a chair, 
watching her exquisite legs moving under the short skirt of the 
suit.  "Please do.  Won't you sit down."
     As she entered the room, he realized that she had a teenage 
girl in tow, obviously her daughter.  Of course, Richard thought, 
Lynne Colewell, a 14 year old and something of a smart aleck, 
according to the other teachers.  Richard had not been called 
upon to punish the girl as yet, but her continued misbehavior had 
been brought to his attention and he certainly expected to see 
her very soon.
     "You know my daughter Lynne, I believe," she continued.  
"We're sorry to intrude but Ms.  Henderson told me you were the 
one to see."
     Richard had to pull himself together to keep from staring 
again.  The lady had to be in her 40s, but she looked 25.  He 
glanced at the daughter who was a smaller version of her mother 
but without her parent's charm and graciousness.  The girl had 
not come here willingly and was grumbling and muttering under her 
breath.
     "What can I do for you, Mrs. Colewell," he said finally.
     "You may be aware that my daughter has not impressed her 
teachers with her good manners.  I understand from my discussion 
with the headmistress that Lynne is very likely to be sent to you 
for discipline.
     "That is true.  She is probably going to be on the next 
list."  Richard wondered if Mrs. Colewell was fully aware of the 
nature of the punishment administered at Greenwich Academy.  From 
the look on Lynne's face, it was obvious that the teenager knew 
what to expect.
     "I became quite upset," Mrs. Colewell continued, "when I 
discovered this while I was putting some sweaters in her dresser 
drawer."  Opening her purse, Mrs. Colewell drew out a pack of 
cigarettes nearly empty but with about eight or ten remaining.  
"Am I correct in assuming that smoking is against the rules"?
     Before Richard could respond, Lynne became agitated.
     "Oh, you bitch, why can't you mind your own business," she 
snapped.
     Ignoring her, Richard addressed his lovely visitor.  "Yes, 
that is a serious infraction."
     "So Ms. Henderson indicated when I mentioned it.  Frankly, 
Mr. Hazel, I am not pleased with Lynne's attitude and I believe 
she requires immediate correction.  That is why I brought her 
here.  I want her punished right now."
     Noting Richard's hesitation, Mrs. Colewell continued.  "I 
realize that we are talking about a spanking, Mr. Hazel.  It is 
something that Lynne has needed for some time, but it is beyond 
my ability and her father...well, we're divorced, so I have been 
raising her by myself."
     "Very well, Mrs. Colewell, we'll begin right now."
     Reaching into his desk, Richard extracted a wooden paddle, 
slightly larger than a table tennis racquet, through which sever-
al holes had been drilled.  He moved toward the teenager and led 
her to a chair a few feet from the one in which her mother was 
sitting.
     The topic of the discussion and the sight of the paddle had 
increased Lynne's apprehension.  "Oh...please...no...Mother..." 
she shrieked as Richard seated himself and pulled the terrified 
girl over his lap.  Lynne was dressed in the school uniform so 
that her regulation jumper skirt rode up above her hips as he 
adjusted her position across his knees, exposing her ample bottom 
filling the white cotton panties which Greenwich girls were 
required to wear.  Holding her skirt well above her waist, Rich-
ard applied pressure to the small of Lynne's back to hold the 
squirming girl in place.  He paused as he contemplated the wig-
gling backside still covered by the panties.
     Glancing at Lynne's mother, he became aware of her delight-
ful and amused smile.  "Don't be embarrassed, Mr. Hazel," she 
said, "go ahead and lower her panties."
     Richard smiled in return and pulled the teenagers brief 
panties to a point below her knees baring her well formed twin 
mounds and shapely thighs.  Lynne squeezed her cheeks together as 
much in an effort to reduce the exposure of her nearly mature 
feminine cleft as in anticipation of the dreaded punishment.  The 
girl had stopped protesting and began to whine softly as she 
awaited the spanking.
     Lynne did not have to wait very long.  Within a few moments, 
the paddle was rapidly spanking the resilient bottom-cheeks, each 
smack landing with a loud report on the soft female flesh.  The 
wriggling teenager began to shriek with pain as she felt the 
fiery sting.  "Ouch...oooh.  Ow...agh....please...no...don't."
     Richard looked up for a moment as he paused to inspect the 
reddening backside bouncing on his lap.  Lynne was waving her 
legs wildly in the air, no longer concerned about displaying the 
furry cleft and soft pussy lips each time her thighs parted in 
her effort to avoid the punishing strokes.  Mrs. Colewell sat as 
if fascinated by the scene.  Her legs were tightly crossed with a 
hint of white thigh above her stocking tops.  Her face was 
flushed and her nostrils flared with excitement.
     Returning to the bare bottom lying on his lap, Richard 
applied himself to the punishment of the bare bottom lying on his 
lap.  Lynne was crying loudly as the continued sting and humilia-
tion of the spanking broke down her reserve.  "Oh...help, this is 
awful...Yeow...I'll be good...Ouch...oh...please."
     When He  was satisfied with the red hue of the tormented 
girl's bottom cheeks, Richard helped her to her feet.  Tearfully, 
Lynne hopped from side to side as she rubbed at the pain in her 
bottom, oblivious to the soft curly tufts of her pubic mound 
which she was now revealing.  Her panties remained around her 
ankles for several minutes as she massaged her hot posterior.  
Then, sniffling into a tissue supplied by her mother, the teenag-
er stepped out of her panties and stuffed them into her hand.
     "You can probably go back to your room now, Lynne, if it's 
all right with Mr. Hazel.  I will be along later to say goodbye 
before I leave the school."
     Richard nodded and the girl, now somewhat calmer, looked at 
Richard then at her mother.  Smiling briefly, she left the room 
still carrying her panties in her hand.
     When Lynne had closed the door behind her, Mrs. Colewell 
walked over to Richard who was still seated.  Putting her arm on 
his, she smiled warmly.  "Thank you very much.  I'm sure Lynne 
will benefit from that."
     Richard, feeling himself like a schoolboy in the presence of 
this elegant and beautiful woman, stammered a response, hoping 
that Mrs. Colewell would not notice the erection bulging in his 
pants.  She continued to speak, softly and, Richard thought, in 
musical tones.  "Richard, you must call me Evelyn, please.  I do 
hope we will be friends."
     "Certainly," he said.  "Evelyn, I'm sure that your daughter 
has learned a lesson and will improve her behavior.  Have you had 
much trouble with her?"
     "No, actually, just recently.  Since her father and I di-
vorced.  I believe she blames me for the difficulty, but we 
married very young.  He was the first man who...well, you know 
what I mean.  Anyway, Lynne's respect for me diminished and I 
allowed her to get away with it.  I have even continued to spoil 
her hoping that would restore our relationship.  I guess I messed 
things up out of a sense of guilt."
     "A child needs a firm hand in a situation like that," said 
Richard.  "That's particularly true of adolescent females."
     Evelyn laughed.  "What about their mothers?  Don't you think 
they need a firm hand as well.  I think I have been as bitchy as 
Lynne these last few months.  Perhaps I need a spanking myself."
     "Well," Richard quipped, "you've certainly come to the right 
place.  That's what I do here."
     "Very well," said Evelyn huskily, "let's get it over with, 
please."
     Evelyn removed her jacket exposing perfect breasts, jutting 
outward without support, their nipples already hardened.  She 
folded the jacket and placed it over a chair.  Then, unzipping 
and stepping out of her skirt, she stood in front of Richard 
wearing only a garter belt and bikini panties.  Her long legs 
were encased in sheer stockings held up by the garters and ended 
in a pair of high-heeled shoes which contributed to the erotic 
effect.  "Shall I get across your knee?" she asked, whispering 
softly.
     Richard was too excited to reply.  Instead he guided the 
Evelyn's lovely frame into spanking position and lowered the 
panties to a point well below the curve of her unblemished twin 
mounds.  Their dampness confirmed her arousal as did the moist 
pubic hair surrounding her delicate pussy lips, visible between 
the lady's shapely thighs.  With a gasp of appreciation, he ran 
his hand over the smooth bottom cheeks.  "This ass is almost too 
good to spank."
     She giggled, looking back at him from her humiliating pos-
ture.  "Go ahead and spank it anyway."
     Richard began the spanking slowly, applying the paddle 
smartly to the firm cheeks and alternating the smacks so as to 
impart a uniform glow the area.  Then he applied a flurry of 
strokes, each leaving its stinging mark on the punishment place.
     "Oooch...yeow."  Evelyn emitted a yelp of pain after each 
smack but, unlike her daughter, seemed to be deriving more satis-
faction that distress from the chastisement.  She kicked her feet 
in the air wildly and ground her hips into his lap as she 
squeezed her thighs together.
     By the time Evelyn's bottom had taken on a satisfactory 
shade of red, this friction was certainly contributing to the 
hardness in Richard's cock.  He felt that he was suffering nearly 
as much as the spanked woman lying on it.  Concerned that he 
might embarrass himself by cumming in his pants, Richard ended 
the spanking and helped Evelyn to her feet.  She smiled, rubbing 
her bottom sensually for a few moments.  Then, she leaned over 
and kissed him fervently.
     Pulling him to a standing position, Evelyn knelt before him, 
unzipped his slacks and released the stiff and tormented tool.  
Richard breathed a sigh of relief which turned into a cry of 
delight as she began to minister to his maleness with her lips 
and tongue.
     "You must have an awful time, spanking those young, sweet 
bottoms," she murmured.  But Richard's reply was lost in his loud 
moan as her mouth enveloped him.

================================================================

GIRLS' SCHOOL DISCIPLINARIAN  -   PART IV

        Following parents' weekend, Richard Hazel, the assistant 
to the head of Greenwich Academy, and the school disciplinarian, 
spent a lot of his time dealing with the aftermath of the visit 
by Evelyn Colewell, mother of Lynne Colewell.  Since the episode, 
which had culminated in the spanking of the lovely Mrs. Colewell 
as well as the best blowjob Richard could remember, the image of 
the elegant and sensual divorcee had intruded constantly into his 
thoughts.
     From time to time, when he passed Lynne Colewell on the 
campus of the elite girls' school he smiled at her in the indi-
rect manner which he reserved for girls whose bare bottoms he had 
punished.  This gave them the option of acknowledging him or, if 
lingering embarrassment prevented that, of ignoring him.
     However, he was amazed at the enthusiasm with which Lynne 
greeted him at each meeting as well as the number of coincidental 
encounters he was having with the teenager as he went about his 
campus activities.  Finally, Richard was advised by a secretary 
that Lynne Colewell had requested an early morning appointment 
for tutorial assistance in creative writing, one of the subjects 
for which Richard was on call to help students encountering 
difficulties.
     Richard's tutorial duties were performed in his "regular" 
office, as distinguished from the disciplinary office.  This 
served to help separate his image as a teacher from the painful 
memories which some of the students may have as a result of a 
spanking.  Lynne came to that office at the appointed time for 
her tutorial session.
     "Good evening, Lynne," Richard said as the girl entered, 
"sit down over here and let's see what kind of trouble you're 
having."
     "Sure, Richard, I'm glad that you had the time to see
me."
     The fact that she had called him Richard rather than Mr. 
Hazel was noted immediately, but Richard elected to overlook it.  
Instead, he began to review the file of essays that Lynne had 
written for her creative writing teacher.  Most of them had 
received grades of B with some in the C and C+ range.  Finally, 
he put them down and looked at the teenager with surprise.
     "Why did you come here.  These papers are fairly good.  
Perhaps your grammar needs some work, but you seem to be doing 
reasonable well.  You certainly don't need special assistance."
     "I guess I could use help to improve," she said, "but I 
admit that's not the main reason I came to see you."  Lynne 
paused a moment, smiling at Richard slyly.  "Well," she said, "no 
sense beating around the bush.  What I want to know is what is 
going on between you and my mother?"
     Richard, normally not shocked by comments from the students, 
was stunned into silence for a few moments by Lynne's outrageous 
remark.  Observing his reaction with undisguised amusement the 
teenager continued.  "Look, Richard, I know you gave her a few 
smacks on the bottom.  She was almost as uncomfortable sitting as 
I was, and I know my dear mother gets really worked up by that 
sort of thing.  Frankly, honey, you got me pretty hot and both-
ered too.  That's what I wanted to talk to you about.  I'm 15 
years old as of last week and I think I'm old enough to have some 
fun and, Richard, I like you."
     When he finally found his voice, Richard could not decide 
whether to be angry or amused.  He decided to keep the conversa-
tion on a dignified level.  "I can't believe you're talking like 
this.  What you suggest is absolutely impossible and what, if 
anything, your mother and I said - or did- well, that is none of 
your business."
     Lynne's face became that of a spiteful child as she made no 
secret of her disappointment with Richard's reaction.  "Look 
here," she said, "if you don't cooperate with me I'm going to 
tell the head about you and mom.  I'm also going to tell her that 
you did it to me.  I'm no virgin, sweetie, so it's just going to 
be your word against mine and, boy, will mom be pissed."  She 
paused to watch Richard's face but perceived no reaction.  "Why 
don't you think it over today," she said with a more pleasant 
tone.  "You have an apartment in Faculty House and they all have 
separate entrances.  I'll sneak out of the dorm tonight at 11:00 
and come there.  You won't be sorry - I'll make sure you have a 
good time."
     When Lynne had gone Richard remained sitting for nearly half 
an hour pondering the situation and the dilemma into which the 
scheming girl had placed him.  Finally, he left his office, 
having decided what he would do.
     Some time after 11:00 PM that night, a tiny knock at 
Richard's door indicated the arrival of this teenage visitor.  He 
admitted her into the living room of the small but comfortable 
furnished apartment which he maintained in the faculty housing 
facility at Greenwich.  Lynne was attired in a robe and slippers 
and she darted inside, excited at the prospect of her escapade 
with Richard.
     She kissed him quickly on the lips, before he could say 
anything, and stepped out of the robe.  Beneath it, she was 
wearing a sheer and apparently expensive nightgown.  "This was 
one of my mother's," she said, "I know it's corny but why not...I 
don't want you to miss anything.  You can pretend you're with her 
if you like."
     It was apparent that Lynne was completely nude under the 
nightgown and that she had a magnificent figure notwithstanding 
pink nipples that had stiffened and were pushing against the gar-
ment.  Richard was already aware that the teenager had a mature 
and fascinating bottom, but the dark patch of pubic hair, seen 
through the sheer nightie, made the child appear much more of a 
woman that their last meeting would have suggested.
     "I'm sorry that you came here," Richard said.  "I had hoped 
that you would have thought better of your earlier comments and, 
if so, I was prepared to forget the whole thing and chalk it off 
to a teenage hysteria.  Now, I'm afraid you're in real trouble."
     Lynne bristled angrily.  "I'll show you who's in real trou-
ble.  In about 10 seconds, I'm going outside to start screaming 
rape.  We'll see what happens when Ms.  Henderson come over here 
and hears my story."
     At that moment, the door to Richard's bedroom opened and Ann 
Henderson, the beautiful headmistress of Greenwich Academy, 
stepped into the room.  "Tell me, Lynne, just what is your 
story," she said smiling at the girl's expression of absolute 
shock.
     For several seconds, there was no sound in the room.  Lynne 
was frozen in surprise at the appearance of the imperious head-
mistress, who walked slowly toward the teenager carrying a long 
black leather paddle, shaped like an oversized spatula, in one 
hand and softly slapping it into the palm of the other.  The 
sight of this cruel instrument was enough to break through 
Lynne's paralysis.  "Oh, Ms.  Henderson,  gosh...I mean, I'm glad 
you're here.  Mr. Hazel made me come over here.  He threatened me 
and..."
     "Cut it out, Lynne," Ann Henderson snapped, "I've had re-
ports on you and your activities all day.  Since your first visit 
to Mr. Hazel this morning.  He came to tell me about it as soon 
as you left him.  If you wish to persist with this nonsense, of 
course, it will be necessary for me to notify the authorities and 
you can tell your story to them.  Naturally, they will require 
your written statement and they will check..."
     "Alright,"  Lynne interrupted, "forget it...I can't win.  
I'm going back to my room."  The girl started to pick up the 
robe, now very much aware of her near nudity.
     "At the moment you're staying right where you are.  You 
can't expect to pull a stunt like this and not suffer the conse-
quences."
     Lynne eyed the paddle with trepidation, "Don't you touch 
me," she said, "I'm going to call my mother and she'll get me out 
of here."
     Ann had been waiting for that reaction.  "I've already 
called your mother, my dear.  She was very angry about your 
conduct and felt that Mr. Hazel had not punished you enough the 
last time.  She suggested we reinforce the lesson so that you 
will not forget it so soon.  And that, Lynne, is what we are 
going to do...right now."
     The frightened girl began backing away from Ann but, holding 
her firmly by the arm, the headmistress dragged the protesting 
teenager toward a large sofa.  With Richard's help, the strug-
gling girl was placed over the padded back so that her head was 
nearly touching the seat cushions and her feet kicked impotently 
against the back.  Deftly, Richard tied her hands together with 
the sash of her robe so that Lynne could only use her hand to 
maintain her balance.  Reaching down, Ann lifted the girl's 
nightgown and arranged it about her waist.  The result was to 
frame the teenagers bare backside and legs, upended and exposed 
for punishment.
     Even before Ann smacked the soft twin mounds with the pad-
dle, Lynne was loudly protesting the humiliation of her position.  
Now, the sounds of pain were added as smack after smack landed on 
her bare bottom cheeks and her cries mingled with the awesome 
sound of the paddle as it slapped against its sensitive and 
wiggling target.  "Yeow...[SMACK].  
Ouch...[SMACK]...WOWOO...[SMACK]"
     Lynne's nearly nude frame, upended over the sofa, was con-
trolled very easily by a slight pressure on the small of her back 
from Ann's left hand while, with her right, the headmistress was 
vigorously spanking the naughty girl's bare nates.  Lynne kicked 
her legs wildly in a effort avoid the stinging torment but suc-
ceeded only in frustrating herself and convincing Ann and Richard 
of the effectiveness of the punishment.
     "Oh...please...oh, it hurts...stop...eeekk...oh...please, no 
more...yeeeeiiik."  The teenager's shrieks gave further testimony 
to the painful impact of the paddle each time it smacked against 
her smarting posterior.  Ann was really putting her full strength 
into every stroke so that the paddle seemed to compress Lynne's 
quivering cheeks at each stroke before leaving an angry red weal.
     The two administrators were also obtaining satisfaction from 
the dark crimson hue of the girl's bottom which contrasted with 
the white of her thighs.  Between her thighs, the pink and furry 
thatch of a mature pussy presented a delightful exhibition to 
Richard as the teenager writhed under Ann's punishing hand.
     When, at last, the girl's howls became the hysterical blub-
bering of a well-spanked little girl, and her red cheeks were 
beginning to show signs of bruising, Richard persuaded Ann to 
stop and allow Lynne's backside to cool.  For several minutes, 
the humiliated and punished student cried loudly, her smarting 
bottom still waving high in the air and her feet still drumming 
against the back of the sofa.  After giving the girl an opportu-
nity to calm down, Ann produced some lotion from her handbag and, 
pouring some of the creamy drops in her palm, applied it very 
gently to Lynne's hot cheeks.  Slowly, the teenager's sobs de-
creased and soft moans took their place as the soothing lotion 
began to take reduce the sting in the tender bottom.
     Richard untied the girl's hands.  Gingerly, she raised 
herself to her feet, dancing around the sofa and fanning her hot 
backside with her hands.  Ann seated herself on the sofa and 
invited Lynne to lie across her lap.  After a moment's hesita-
tion, and with an embarrassed look at Richard, she allowed her-
self to be put over Ann's knees where she began, again, to cry as 
the headmistress continued to apply soothing lotion.  "I think," 
said Ann, "that after a good cry, this young lady will want to 
apologize for her conduct and begin to realize that she is not 
quite grown up yet."
     As he watched Lynne's lovely bottom wriggling sensuously 
under Ann's tender ministrations, Richard silently wondered 
whether she wasn't grown up enough for many things.

--
