Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

GIRLS LOVING GIRLS Part 2 by Candy Kane

"Hi Lisa."  Brenda held the door open.  The petite seventh grader smiled and walked in, a small gym bag hung from her right hand.

"You guys are really great to let me come over," Lisa said as she stood in the foyer and looked around.

I could see her from the living room.  She was dressed in short denim cutoffs and a Nike pullover.  Her long blond hair was tied in a ponytail and she wore white tennis shoes, no socks.  Her legs were long and firm and starting to take shape; the two little mounds on her chest were developing nicely.  Brenda was right, she did have a cute ass and it definitely filled out her snug shorts.  My pussy tingled at the thought of licking it.

"Come on in, Lisa," I called.  She walked into the living room, sat her bag down, and plopped down on the couch beside me. "You hungry?" I asked.

"No thanks, Karen, I ate just before I came over."  Then she turned and looked at the TV.  "What are you watching?" she asked with a startled expression.

I had one of my dad's X-rated video tapes playing in the VCR, the ones he and mom kept hidden and didn't think we knew about.  I had located a hot scene just as Lisa arrived.

"Oh, this," I said nonchalantly.  "We rented a couple of movies for tonight.  You like adult films?"

As Lisa stared at the screen, two girls and a guy had just undressed each other.  "Yeah, I guess," Lisa said, transfixed on the images.  One girl knelt in front of the guy and put his dick in her mouth while the other girl crawled under her friend and ate her.

Brenda came over and sat on the other side of Lisa.  "This movie is guaranteed to get you wet," she said.

"Yeah?" was all Lisa said, sinking back into the couch and slipped her shoes off.

"You don't mind if I turn the lights down, do you, Lisa?" I asked.

"No," she said, never taking her eyes off the sex on the TV screen.

As the movie continued, the scene got hotter: the two girls were doing each other in a sixty-nine while the guy screwed the one on top from behind.  The girl on the bottom licked her friend's cunt and the guy's balls at the same time.

It didn't take more than a few minutes before I saw Lisa move her hand down between her legs.  I tried not to let her know I was watching but this was definitely promising.  The hotter the movie made her the better our chances of getting her out of those little tight shorts.

Lisa reminded me of some girls we had fun with last summer.  Brenda and I were counselors at a girl's camp in the mountains.  One night we wound up looking after six twelve-year-olds while the rest of the kids went on an overnight campout.  It started raining so the eight of us were stuck in one of the cabins.  The girls were all restless and horny, and the conversation quickly turned to sex.  One of them had smuggled in a copy of Penthouse and started reading the letters out loud.  One story was about two cheerleaders who took a shower together and wound up making love.  This brought a lot of suggestive comments about what would happen if we all showered together.  Then we looked at the pictures and decided to vote on the best ones.  The winner was a pictorial showing three lesbians in a hot tub doing what girls do best.

I was getting really turned on and I told the girls I had to go pee.  I motioned Brenda to follow me into the bathroom, and when we were alone, I suggested we sneak off to one of the other empty cabins and make love.  To entice her, I put my hand down my jeans and slipped a finger into my already wet hole.  I offered it to her and she licked it clean saying it tasted tempting.  Then she pulled her pants down and sat on the toilet.  As I watched her pee, she spread her legs so I could see the golden stream shoot out.  We liked to watch each other pee and I always got a tingle seeing her wipe herself.  Lucky tissue.

As she pulled her jeans back up, she said that after what she saw earlier, we might have more fun staying there.  I asked her what she meant and she told me that two of the girls went outside on the porch to smoke a cigarette.  After a few minutes, she went to the window to see what was taking them so long and she saw them making out and feeling each other up.  I immediately saw her point; my pussy moistened at the idea of eating something that young and sweet.

When we came out of the bathroom, the girls were still looking at the pictures in the magazine.  This time it was a series of shots of a girl laying on her back in a bathtub letting the water shoot onto her pussy.  Everyone agreed they had to try that as soon as they got home.

Brenda had a couple of joints and we all sat around and smoked them.  Then someone suggested we play strip poker.  To make it interesting, we decided that the loser of each hand had to let another girl remove the article of clothing.

Brenda lost the first hand on purpose to break the ice.  She picked me and I pretended to be her boyfriend.  I slowly unbuttoned her shirt, seductively sliding it off her shoulders.  Then I went behind her, reached around and playfully fondled her breasts, pinching her nipples through her bra.  The girls called out for more and cheered me on.  I pulled one side of her bra down and flashed them a nipple.  This brought more cheers and applause.

I lost the next hand, so I stood up and made Brenda kneel in front of me and pull my jeans down.  Like a guy shoving dollar bills in a stripper's garter, Brenda stuck a few playing cards in the top of my panties and asked me what she got for her "money".  One of the cards was an ace, so I put it down the front of my panties and rubbed it on my wet pussy.  I took it out and let her sniff.  Then she passed it around and the girls all agreed I smelled sexy.  I told them they could sniff me for an ace and lick me with a full house.  I'd go down on any girl that could come up with a straight flush.  A couple of the girls frantically shuffled through the deck trying to put the right combination of cards together.  We were laughing so hard we cried.

Everyone really got into the game, whistling and clapping, yelling "take it off" or "go all the way".

I lost another hand.  Brenda removed my bra and teased my nipples until they were hard and stuck straight out.  Then she hooked her fingers in the sides of my bikini panties and slowly pulled them down until my bare slit was showing.  Just the week before we had started shaving each other's pussies.  She tried to taste me but I pushed her away saying she only paid to sniff, not to lick.  That brought tons of laughs and catcalls.  I pulled my panties back up telling the girls I hadn't technically lost them yet but I'd still give them something to look at.  Pressing the thin silk crotch together, I stretched it so it disappeared between the folds of my pussy; my lips stuck out on each side.

When I sat back down, I spread my legs so everyone got a good view.  It made me so wet knowing seven girls were mentally eating me.

The effect of the grass was really kicking in now and everyone was acting silly and having fun.  The comments were getting very sexual, bisexual to be exact.

One of the girls lost the next hand.  While her friend pulled the girl's shorts off, Brenda announced that all this was making her so horny she didn't care which one of us fucked her as long as it was soon.

Each time it was our turn to strip a piece of clothing off one of the girls, Brenda and I would "accidentally" touch them between their legs, brush their nipples or whisper something sexy in their ears.

By the time we were all down to just panties, everyone was masturbating and the air was thick with the smell of wet pussies.  Then a couple of the girls started French kissing and playing with each other.

One of the girls, a pretty little redhead with pink lace panties, had been staring at my partially exposed pussy for the last few hands.  There was no mistaking the look in her eyes and the wet spot between her legs that she wanted to fuck me.  Acting like there was no one else in the room, she stood up and slipped her panties off.  Then she came over and sat in my lap wrapping her legs around me.  She held her panties up and asked me if I wanted a sniff.  With our eyes locked on each other, I brought them to my nose, breathed deeply, and licked her girl-cum off the crotch.  She smelled and tasted heavenly.  Then she said that if I wanted, I could lick the real thing.  We kissed passionately and she ran her hand down between my legs.  The other girls were going crazy watching us, and the last of their panties flew off.

Brenda went and turned out the lights, and the next thing I knew there were naked girls everywhere.  I had never heard so much slurping and sucking and moaning in my life.  In the dark, it didn't matter who was with who; it was a pussy-eating frenzy.  My little redhead was so turned on, the first time I touched her clitoris, she screamed and climaxed.  I remember at one point having two girls sucking my nipples, one eating me, and one sitting on my face.  It was so much fun showing them how to please each other.  The best part was when we all formed a daisy chain circle and everyone "ate at the Y".

Eventually, we paired off and found an empty bunk.  I lost count of how many times I came that night because the girl I slept with was having the first orgasms of her life and she was insatiable; we fucked for hours.  When she finally fell asleep, I laid there for a long time with her in my arms listening to the erotic sounds of the other girls making love.

The next morning, I awoke from a wonderful wet dream to find my little redhead was back in my bed.  She had her warm mouth on my breast and a finger in my pussy.  I pulled her mouth to mine and she tasted delicious.  She said good morning and asked if I was hungry.  I told her I was starving and she giggled saying she had something for me to eat.

Then she got up on her knees, straddled my face and lowered herself down on my mouth.  Soon, her cries woke up all the others, and it didn't take long before the sounds of girls loving girls filled the cabin.  Finally, when everyone had climaxed one last time, we got up and came together in the middle of the cabin.  At some point during the night, we had all made love to one another.  Now we lovingly pressed our naked bodies together kissing and hugging.  The girls would be going home that day so we promised that next summer we would have a reunion.

My little redheaded still calls me once or twice a month to talk about the night we made love.  We always wind up masturbating together on the phone.

Thinking about how much fun I had with all that fresh girl-candy made my pussy ache as I sat next to Lisa and watched the porn flick.  I was really turned on, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw Lisa rubbing herself.

"This is making me so hot," Brenda said and stood up.  We wore only T-shirts and panties and Brenda pulled her shirt over her head.  She slipped her panties down and slid them off purposefully bending over so Lisa got a full view of her ass and sex.  Her nipples stood out like pencil erasers as she sat back down, this time right next to Lisa.  God, she played dirty, I thought with a smile.

"What are you doing?" Lisa said.  Her voice was more puzzled than alarmed as she looked at the naked girl beside her.

"I don't know about you," Brenda said, "but I'm so fucking horny."  She started caressing her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingers.  "Does this bother you?" she asked Lisa.  "If it does, I'll stop."

"Well, no, I guess not."  Lisa was not attempting to hide the fact that she was rubbing herself now, and Brenda's beautiful, naked body so close to her only seemed to add to her arousal.

"I think you've got the right idea, Brenda," I said and pulled my shirt off.  Without standing up, I slipped my panties under my ass and down my legs.  Then I tossed them at Brenda who held the crotch up to her nose.  "Smells like somebody wants to fuck," she said and playfully tossed them back at me.

"Are you guys always this . . ."

"Horny?" Brenda said.

"Definitely." I added.

"Sometimes we get so turned on," Brenda said, "we do each other."

Lisa's eyes grew wide as she looked back and forth at our naked bodies.  The timing was perfect as the movie changed to a girl-girl love scene.  It was obvious I had picked the right tape; there were two beautiful, young girls French kissing.  Lisa watched intently as they got into a sixty-nine and went down on each other.

"Don't you just love having your pussy eaten like that?" I said as I looked at Lisa.

"I've never . . . ." she said softly.

Her little body must be on fire by now, I thought.  Her hands were between her legs, her fingers fighting their way under the edge of her shorts.

Brenda leaned over and whispered in Lisa's ear, "That'll be a lot more fun if you take your pants off."

Without hesitating, Lisa wiggled out of her shorts and panties, and pulled her shirt over her head.  She wasn't wearing a bra, and her breasts, the size of ripe plums, looked delicious.  When her fingers went back to work, I looked down at the most beautiful little hairless pussy.  Lisa's fingers moved in and out, her head back slightly, her breathing heavy.  The sight made me light-headed.

Brenda winked at me and I knew what she was thinking.  In less than ten minutes we had managed to get Lisa to take her clothes off and masturbate in front of us.  This was too easy.

Phase two of our seduction of Lisa was about to begin.  So far, it had been each of us doing our own thing.  Now it was time for group involvement.

When the movie ended, I stood up.  "I feel like dancing," I said and went over to the CD player.  I put on a grinding rock song and moved back in front of the two naked girls.  As the song started, I did my best slut dance; a lot of bending over and squatting down so Lisa could see what was between my legs.  She stared at my crotch as I ran my hands up and down my body.  Then I reached out and said, "Lisa, come dance with me."

She gave Brenda a hesitant look and then turned back to me, not sure what to do.

Brenda ran her hand up the inside of Lisa's thigh lightly touching her pussy and whispered in her ear, "Let's see how wet you two can make me."

I danced over and took Lisa by the hand.  Pulling her off the couch, I brought her to the middle of the room and started dancing beside her.  She caught on quickly and it was obvious she had a little slut in her too.  Soon she was rubbing up against me, teasing me with her ass and sliding her hands seductively over her body and down between her legs.  I could tell Brenda was thoroughly enjoying our little game.  Lisa was definitely aroused; I could smell her pussy and it drove me crazy.

The song ended and a slow song started.  Lisa took a step toward the couch as if she was going to sit down when I grabbed her hand and pulled her back.  "Want to drive Brenda crazy?"  I said.  "Let see how sexy we can slow dance together."  I turned her around so she faced my sister and pushed my crotch against her ass, pressing my tits into her back.  Moving my pelvis in a slow, sexy motion, I placed my hands on her hips and guided her in sync with me.  Lisa quickly followed my lead and we moved over to dance just a few feet in front of Brenda.  My sister already had her legs spread and was masturbating, her eyes glued to the spot between Lisa's legs.

The music was perfect: slow and steamy.  I felt Lisa reach behind and start rubbing my hips and thighs.  She slid one hand down between my legs and played with my bush while she used her other to stroke herself.  Then she closed her eyes and let her head drift back to rest on my shoulder.  I kissed her neck and ear, whispering how fantastic her body felt against me.  "Do you like it too?" I asked.

"I love it," she answered, never opening her eyes.

Her finger found my slit and I trembled at her touch.  I lightly pulled her chin around and our lips met.  I slid my tongue into her mouth.  She tasted so warm and sweet!

We kissed as I felt her finger slide easily into my wet hole.  Then Lisa let out a heavy moan.  I looked down to see Brenda on her knees, her head buried in the little girl's crotch.  My hands went up and cupped Lisa's breasts and I closed my mouth over hers exploring the inside with my tongue.  It was all I could do to keep from falling, I was so aroused.

Finally, I led her to the couch and laid on my back pulling her down on me.  She kissed me passionately, her tongue in my mouth.  I pulled her knees up spreading her open for my sister.  Brenda lay between my legs and sank her face into Lisa's ass while she fingered me.  I ran my hands all over Lisa's body, trying to taste and touch as much of her as I could.

I was dying to eat her but I let Brenda have the first taste.  I could tell from their moans that both girls were really getting off.

Lisa's hips ground into me and her breathing became heavy.  Suddenly she let out a gasp and her body stiffened.  I continued kissing her face and neck as the orgasm washed over her.  She lay on me, breathless, covered in sweat, her eyes closed.

"God, I never felt anything like that before," she said after a few moments.

"Just the first of many, my sweet little lover," I whispered to her.

Brenda moved up and lay beside us, kissing me then Lisa.  Our mouths were close and the three of us kissed together.  I could taste Lisa's juice on my sister's mouth; it was intoxicating.  I had to have Lisa or I was going to explode.

"Trade places, sweetheart," I said to her.  She moved over and let me up.  As I worked my way down the couch, Brenda got up on her knees and straddled Lisa's face.  She reached up and wrapped her arms around Brenda's legs, pulling my sister down to her eager mouth.  At the same time, I lay between Lisa's legs and spread her little-girl cunt open with my fingers.  Then I put my hands under her ass, pushed her legs up and brought my mouth down on her.  The sensation of tasting this delicious twelve-year-old was almost more than I could take.  I ran my tongue up and down her slit, trying to taste her pussy and lick her ass all at once.  I raised up to see Brenda, her head thrown back, eyes closed, her fingers caressing her nipples in a deep sexual trance as Lisa moved her tongue in and out of my sister.  Lisa was totally ours now, her body completely overcome with the forbidden pleasures of girl sex.

We climaxed together and finally lay back on the couch.  Our bodies covered in sweat, our faces and cunts dripping with girl-cum.  The room was filled with the smell of wet pussies.

After resting for a few minutes, Brenda said, "I'm going for a hot shower.  Want to join me?"

"Sounds nice," Lisa said.

We each took her by the hand and headed up the stairs.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....