Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

GIRLS ON GIRLS Part 1 by Candy Kane

My name is Nikki, and I'm fifteen.  It was Friday and my girlfriend Kathy called and asked if I could come over and spend the night.  She said Trish was coming too.  The three of us were in ninth grade and the best of friends.  Kathy's parents were away for the weekend and we would have the house to ourselves.  

When I arrived at Kathy's, I let myself in the back door and looked around for the others.  I heard water running upstairs and the sound of girls giggling.  Heading up to Kathy's room, I peeked in her bathroom and saw the two of them in the shower.  Kathy was washing Trish's back while Trish leaned forward with her hands against the wall.  They looked so cute with the soap bubbles all over them and their perky breasts and hard nipples sticking straight out.

"What do you two think you're doing?" I said in mocked shock with my hands on my hips.

Kathy wrapped her arms around Trish from behind and cupped her breasts. "No mater how much I rub these, they won't come clean?" she said with a big smile.

They both laughed and Trish said, "Hurry up and get your ass in here, girl."

I was already stripping off my shorts and T-shirt.  I never bothered wearing a bra or panties to our sleepovers.  Kicking my sneakers off, I slid open the big shower door and stepped into the streams of hot water from the double showerheads.

"We started without you," Trish said.  Then they opened their arms and we all hugged.  I loved the feel of their wet bodies pressing against mine.

"If the boys at school ever found out how much fun we have without them," Trish said, "they'd shit."

"Who's gonna tell?" I said and kissed her hard on the mouth.

"Hey, I want some," Kathy said and tried to push her tongue in between our mouths.  We ignored her as we French kissed until she pinched both our bottoms.

"Oh, all right," I said and we put our three mouths together and let our tongues play.

"So," Trish said, holding her arms open wide. "Who wants T and who wants A?"

"Tits," I said and grabbed the bar of soap.  I lathered up and rubbed my slippery hands all over her breasts, squeezing her nipples between my fingers.  Kathy took the soap and started on Trish's bottom.

"We've got a hot movie to watch," Trish said with a twinkle in her eye as she rested her arms on my shoulders.

"What is it," I asked, hoping she got some good porn.

"I slipped it out of my dad's collection," Trish said. "It's got lots of straight sex and girl-girl fucking."

"Mmmm," Kathy said. "That's what I'm in the mood for."

"Which one?" Trish said.

"Take a wild guess," Kathy said. "Do you see any penises in here with us?"

"Oh, and when are you not in the mood?" I asked.

"I don't know," Kathy said innocently as she rubbed her hand up and down Trish's crack.  "When I'm sleeping, I guess."

"Yeah, right," I said. "Anytime I sleep with you all you ever wanted to do is fuck."

"I never hear you complain, especially when I wake you up in the mornings," she said with a wink.

She was right.  I loved sleeping with Kathy because she liked to wake me up with her tongue.  There's nothing more delicious than coming out of a wet dream and feeling your girlfriend wet tongue fucking your pussy.  I hoped she didn't forget to do it tomorrow morning.

"Oh, fuck," Trish said, closing her eyes, her head drifting back.

"Kathy, are you being a nasty girl?" I asked, looking over Trish's shoulder.

Kathy stuck her tongue out at me as she slipped her finger up inside Trish's rectum.

"Oh God, that feels so good," Trish said, breathing hard. "I think I'm in love."

"That's not love, girl, that's lust," Kathy said. "Besides, all you love about me are my fingers and tongue."

"Not true," I said, playing with Trish's nipples.  "I know for a fact she likes swallowing all your hot girl-juice too."

Trish licked her lips and winked at me.

"Well," Kathy said.  "I just don't think I'm appreciated for my true self.  Besides, there is more to life than eating pussy, you know."

"Yeah, like what?" Trish said, her chest heaving.

"You know exactly what I mean, Trish," Kathy said. "Screwing boys.  You can do girls anytime, but feeling that nice hard dick up inside you is so much fun."

"That's what dildos are for."  She was hardly able to talk now as her stomach sucked in and out.

"I wish I could find a boy that could last for more that ten seconds," I said.  I slipped my hand down between Trish's legs. "The last time I let my boyfriend fuck me, he stuck it in, stroked a few times and started squirting.  I wasn't even wet yet.  Then he pulled it out and went off to play basketball with his buddies.  I was left with nothing but his shit dripping down my leg.  As usual, I had to finish the job myself."

"That's why we've got each other," Kathy said.  While she moved her finger in and out of Trish's ass, she reached around and played with my breast.

I had two fingers in Trish and my thumb rubbed her clitoris, already rock hard and erect like a miniature penis.  I could feel Kathy's finger through the thin wall of flesh between Trish's vagina and rectum.

Trish pulled me to her.  "Why should I put some prick inside me when I can have your sweet fingers instead."

"Always," I said and we kissed passionately.

Kathy and I pumped in unison as we fucked Trish.  Suddenly, she opened her mouth and cried out, "Oh, shit, I'm gonna fucking come." She gritted her teeth and her body trembled.  I leaned around and French kissed Kathy while we got our girlfriend off.  As Trish climax, we hugged her between us.

"That's one you owe both of us," Kathy said, kissing her neck while her climax subsided.

"God, I love sex," Trish said and turned so we could all press our breasts together. "And I'll gladly pay you both back with interest."

We finished washing each other and shampooing our hair, taking every opportunity to stick a finger or tongue inside any openings we came across.  Then we got out and dried each other off.

"About time I gave you a trim," I said, bending over to inspect Kathy's bush.  We all had our pubic hair trimmed alike: a thin line of fur that ran down to the top of our slits.  Our pussies were bare; we loved shaving each other.

While I was bent over inspecting Kathy, Trish squatted down behind me, caressed my ass cheeks, and ran her tongue up and down my crack.  "Mmmm, nothing like a clean piece of ass," she said.

"You better save that wicked little tongue of yours for later," I said, making her giggle.  Then I turned around and pulled her up in my arms. "You make me so wet," I said and we pressed our bodies together and ate each other's mouths.

"Come on, you lovebirds," Kathy said and walked out the door.  "There'll be plenty of time for that nasty stuff later."

With our arms around each other, Trish and I followed her downstairs to the kitchen, both of us watching Kathy's beautiful bottom wiggle as she walked.  Just knowing I would bury my face in it later made me tingle.

I loved being with my girlfriends and how free we were with each other.  We would do anything to please and were never afraid to try something new.  There were never any hassles, arguments, or jealousies.  When we were together, nothing else mattered except getting each other off.

As Kathy opened a bottle of wine and Trish reached up in the cabinet to get three glasses, I leaned against the counter and watched their beautiful, naked bodies.  We had so much fun together on the Friday nights when Kathy's parents were away and we had the run of the house.  We would drink wine, watch porn, and fuck like rabbits.  And after a tasty night of all-girl sex, we would wake up the next morning and eat each other for breakfast.

I first realized I liked having sex with girls when I went to a girl's camp for a week last summer.  There was a counselor named Heather.  She was sixteen and one of the sexiest girls I had ever seen.  Heather was tall with curly black hair and a deep tan.  Although I had never been sexually attracted to another girl before, I had to admit I had a crush on her from the start.  She had an incredible smile that really turned me on.  Every time I got close to her, my pussy quivered.

It was late afternoon the second day of camp and Heather was in the small camp office doing some paperwork.  I had to go there to turn in a form and she saw me walk in.

"Nikki," she said, "can you help me with this?"

I went behind the counter to where she was sorting papers into file folders.  I said I would be glad to help and stood behind her, leaning over her shoulder to watch as she gave me instructions.  We were very close and I could smell her hair and skin.  She was so fresh and clean like flowers.  I couldn't believe the heat building between my legs.  When she looked up and smiled at me, I melted.  I wondered if she could read my thoughts.

After I finished helping her, she said, "I've got to go inspect some cabins in the old section of the camp so we can get them ready for next week's girls.  Want to come along and keep me company?"

"Sure," I said, jumping at the chance to be with her.  We stopped by the counselor's cabin so Heather could change out of her uniform.  I waited for her on the pouch, and when she came out, I almost died.  She wore a T-shirt that was cut off just below her breasts, and I could tell by the way they wiggled that she wasn't wearing a bra.  Her denim shorts were frayed and slit up the sides almost to her waist.  If she had anything on underneath, it would have to be the skimpiest panties on earth.  She also had on white socks and a pair of sneakers.

As I walked beside her, I could see the bottom of her breasts peeking out from under her shirt; it barely covered her nipples.  Her breasts looked so soft and inviting, and her beautiful long legs were tanned and smooth.  My head swirled with fantasies of what might happen.

It grew dark and Heather used a lantern to guide us through the woods to the remote location.  There were five cabins in all and we inspected three before we heard thunder.

"Should we go back?" I asked.

"No," she said and told me how much she loved the rain.  Then she smiled and said, "Anyway, it might be fun for the two of us to get stranded in a storm." It didn't take long for her wish to come true.

Suddenly the sky opened up and it poured.  By the time we ran to the next cabin, we were soaked.  Rushing inside, Heather said, "Let's get out of these wet clothes."  Without waiting for me, she pulled her T-shirt over her head exposing her firm breasts; her wet nipples grew hard from the cold air.  She smiled when she saw me looking at them.

"Do you think these are too small?" she asked, cupping them with her hands and pinching her nipples.

"No," I said breathlessly.  "They're perfect."

"Really?  I'm glad you think so."  She tossed me a towel to dry my face and hair.  Heather had a two-way radio and let the camp office know where we were.  She told them we would stay there until the storm passed and it was safe to go back to the main camp.

She laid the radio aside and watched me unbutton my shirt.  I hesitated for a moment and she said, "Well, come on.  You've seen mine, now lets see yours."

She watched me take my shirt off then came over and lightly touched my nipples with her fingertips. "Nice," she said and softly caressed them.  "You know, since we're gonna be here for a while, maybe we could have some fun."

Her touch sent shock waves through me.  I opened my mouth but all that came out was a moan.  Then I said, "What do you mean?"

"Do you like sex?" she ask, looking into my eyes, her fingers softly playing with my nipples.  My legs went limp.

"I love it," I said, mesmerized by the casual way she was suggesting we make love.

"Good," she said, "cause I can't get enough of it."

"But there's no boys here.  It's just us," I said.

"I know."  She giggled and tenderly kissed the top of my left breast.  "That's what makes it so deliciously wicked."  Then Heather took a step back and slowly unzipped her shorts.  She seductively pealed the flaps open exposing her short pubic hair. "I've always believed that any sex is good sex, don't you agree, Nikki?"  She placed her thumbs in her waistband, and with an incredibly erotic sway of her hips, she let them slip down and fall to the floor.  She wore nothing underneath as she stood with her legs slightly spread.  Then she slid both hands down and rubbed herself.  With her fingertips, she opened her outer lips.  The inside of her pussy glistened and took my breath away.  "Have you ever wanted to do it with a girl?" she asked.

"Well . . . yes," I said, my heart pounding.  I couldn't take my eyes off her fingers playing with herself.

"Would you like to make love to me?"

"Oh yes," I stammered.

"Then hurry up and take off those clothes."  She slipped out of her shoes but left her socks on.  Then she went and laid on one of the bunk beds.

Outside, the lightening flashed and the rain poured.  In the glow of the lantern, Heather looked heavenly.

Once I was naked, Heather said, "Why don't you come here and get me warm."

It was like a dream as I walked over and sat on the bed.  Heather was lying on her side propped up on her elbow.  As she patted the mattress beside her, she brought her leg up, fully exposing herself.  It was impossible for me to take my eyes off that beautiful place between her legs.

"Relax, lover.  I promise I won't bite," she said and smiled.  "At least not too hard."

I laid down facing her and she draped her leg over my hip.  I could feel her dampness on my thigh.  Our breasts touched and my nipples grew hard.

Heather touched them and said, "Look how hard you get.  Must be the chill of the night air"

"I don't think it's the chill," I said.

"What else could it be?" she said with a sly grin as she continued to lightly touch my nipples.

"I think it's being here with you," I said shyly. "I have a confession to make, Heather."  Our faces were on inches apart and I looked into her eyes.  "All I've thought about since this afternoon was being with you.  I can't believe how lucky I am."

"How do you know luck had anything to do with it?" she.

"You mean?"

"I decided I wanted you when you walked into the office today."  She placed a tender kiss on my cheek as she cupped my breast.  "When you leaned over my shoulder, I knew you were getting turned on.  What you probably didn't know was how wet you made me.  I knew we were going to make love tonight.  The storm just made it easy."

My heart was jumping out of my chest and I could smell my arousal and hers.  Her scent made me even more turned on.  I put my hand on the side of her face brushing her hair back.  "I've never done it with a girl," I said.

"Don't worry," she whispered, continuing to place kisses on my face.  "It's going to be delicious."  Then she opened her mouth and pulled mine to her.

We kissed, our tongues playing with each other, exploring the warmth inside.  She was so soft and sexy pressing against me.  I felt her leg slip between mine and push against me.  My clitoris was hard and erect, and when her leg touched it, my body shuddered.

Heather rolled on her back and pulled me on top of her.  We ground our pussies into our thighs as we kissed.  "This storm might last all night," she whispered, running her hand down my back caressing my bottom.

"I hope so," I said returning her caresses.  I propped myself up slightly so we could rub our breasts together all the time sliding my tongue in and out of her mouth. "I never thought it would feel this good," I said.  Pressing her soft body against mine was like nothing I had ever experienced.

"Wait until I eat you," she whispered and kissed me hard.  The thought of her licking me caused a wave of passion to shoot through me.  My pussy was on fire.

Heather's warm girl-cum spread all over my leg.  I felt my juice flowing out onto her too.  We ground into each other as we kissed; the lust and passion taking over.

We were fucking hard now and Heather was moaning loader with every thrust of our hips.  "Come on my leg, Nikki," she said. "I want your juice all over me."

I had never felt anything like this before.  Heather was so soft and gentle yet her body felt strong and firm against mine.  She smothered my mouth with kisses, her tongue hot and hungry.

My body built to an incredible climax, stronger than anything I had ever been able to do by myself.  Heather was moaning and begging me not to stop.  Suddenly, she arched her back and ground her leg into my.  We broke our kiss and both screamed at the same instant.  It was the most intense orgasm of my life.  Soaked in sweat and breathing hard, we finally separated and lay there for a long time recovering.  Then I turned to her. "That was wonderful."

"It was luscious," she said and kissed me lightly.  "And we haven't ever started yet."

"What do you mean?"  I asked feeling the tingle in my pussy again.

"Nikki," she said running her hand down between my legs. "We're going to have lots of fun tonight.  I'm going to teach you all about girl-love."

I felt her finger slip inside me and I spread my legs. "Please don't stop," I said as I took her nipple in my mouth.

She sighed and inserted a second finger into me.  "God, you're wet," she said.  "I'm just going to have to suck every drop of that sweet honey out of you."  She brought her two fingers up and smeared my sticky juice all over my nipple.  "I hope you didn't plan on getting any sleep tonight," she said and licked it off.

My body was about to explode as she cleaned my nipple and then licked and kissed her way down between my legs.  Within a few minutes, her tongue was inside me and I was on my way to my next of many incredible orgasms that night.  My life was never the same after Heather: as much as I like fucking boys, there's nothing like making love to a girl.

When I got home, I couldn't wait to tell Kathy and Trish.  At first, Kathy was hesitant but Trish was ready the moment I suggested we have sex.  After I described to Kathy everything Heather and I did, how much fun it was, and how incredible it felt, she were willing to try.  After our first all-girl sleepover, we were fucking each other all the time and we can thank Heather for turning us on to teenage girl-love.

End Part 1

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
