Archive-name: Amazon/gisharon.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Giantess -- Sharon


  Another Giantess Fantasy Story.  Sharon's not as big as
  Janice or Pam, but she's not any less sexy or deadly.
  People with weak consitutions, please hit 'n'.
  People who like this and want more can reach me at
  an27479@anon.penet.fi.


  Sharon's Turn
  03-Aug-1993


    The warm summer night greeted Sharon as she left the Dew Drop Inn
  bar, where she worked as a stripper.  It was only about two miles
  from the bar to her home, and since her car was in hoc, she was
  forced to walk.  She wished Carl, her boyfriend was home.  But
  around these parts the men stayed out late, and the house would
  be empty.

    Her high heeled shoes clicked clacked on the tarmac as she hiked
  under the light of the full moon, her shadow dipping into and out of
  a gully that ran along side of the road.  After less than a quarter
  mile she pulled off her shoes and went barefoot, walking in the warm
  wet grass of the gully.  She made good time, covering the first mile
  of the distance within about fifteen minutes.  The night was free of
  man-made noises, only crickets, a gentle breeze, the far off croaking
  of frogs guided her on her way.

    Which made the approach of a car just that much more annoying.

    It came at her directly, with its highbeams on, blinding her, so she
  did not see but rather heard the car slow, its wheels grinding ever
  more slowly on the road surface until it came to a complete stop.

    "Turn your fucking lights off!" she yelled, and she heard male
  laughter echo from the automobile.  Shielding her eyes she began to
  abandon the road when she heard the car doors open.

    "Hey, baby." leered a voice, "What'ca doing out so late?"
    "Yeh." said another, "It's not safe out in the dark."

    "You're drunk." said Sharon, as she continued to back away.

    "Ooooo, we're drunk.  Are you drunk?" "Fucking right, gimme another
  beer." "Hey!" "Hey what?" "Where's my beer?" the voices echoed and
  weaved aimlessly.  Then one piped up "Hey, I seen her, she's one of
  them strippers from that bar down the road."

    "What?  Don't tell me the fucking placed is closed.  Hey baby,
  is the fucking place closed?"

    Sharon nodded, her eyes had adjusted enough to count five men
  standing by the car, "Yeh, half an hour ago.  Try again tomorrow."

    "No fucking way." said one of the voices, "We came to see some cunt."
    "Yah." said another, "None of the other places are open for us."
    "Come'on, strip for us baby.  We'll pay you real good."  and Sharon
  heard the sound of a zipper opening.

    Without a second thought she whirled and ran.
    Behind her the men whooped and took off after her.
    Too inhibriated to run straight, they lost ground on her at first
  but the darkness hindered her flight, as the shifting patterns of
  mooncast shadows confused her view of the treacherous ground.  A
  stick or a stump caught her left foot, not enough to hurt her,
  but enough to unbalance, and she fell heavily to the ground.  In a
  twinkling one of the men was upon her, pinning her to the ground.
  Sharon gasped for breath, crushed to the ground.  She twisted her
  head and watched as the man's friends caught up.  They were all
  panting heavily and arguing amongst themselves.

    "Fucking bitch, damn near broke my ankle on that gopher hole."
  "Come'on Randy, get off her."  "Don't tell me what to do, asshole."
  whined the man on top of her.  "Fuck both of you." said another, "I
  want to see the bitch squirm."

    The man got off her back and rough hands pulled her to her feet, a
  beer soaked beard thust itself into her face.  "Yah, you're one of
  them strippers alright, must have a halfway decent body.  Les'see."
  And grabbing her shirt in both hands he ripped it, buttons flying
  every which way, exposing her naked breasts to the warm summer air.

    "Goddamn, look at those melons."  "Shit, she's stacked, man could
  smother in those tits."  "Yah, bet'cha the rest of her is as good
  as her mounds."  and the rough hands tugged and pulled clumsily at
  her blouse, her jeans.

    It was unbearable.
    But rather than scream...
    ...Or try and get away...
    Sharon tensed.
    Feeling neither fear or modesty she felt rather anger and lust.
  Her body was suffused with her rage, livid with it, it coarsed
  through her veins like molten lead.  Her muscle and sinew, blood
  and bone screamed for power.

    It made her feel giddy.
    Invulnerable.
    With astonishing ease she grabbed a man and tossed him aside,
  then rolled swiftly to her feet.  Her chest heaved with the
  weight of her passion, she felt like she might explode.

    An incredible transformation surged through her body.
  Arching her back Sharon screamed like a vixen as a feeling as
  intense as an orgasm exploded in her loins and set her skin on
  fire.  Sudden as a explosion, swift as a hot wind, tall as a
  building, vast as a cliff, Sharon began to grow.  Her already
  voluptous body expanded enormously, impossibly, rose to colossal,
  gargantuan proportions.  Her breasts swelled within the confines
  of her blouse, her arms split the seams, and it fluttered to
  the ground.  Her jeans bludged, stretched, then burst from her
  thighs to her ankles.  Grabbing the frayed material she tore
  the rest of it from her hips.  She was naked, but she wanted to
  be.

    Ten, fifteen, twenty...forty, fifty, sixty feet tall...seventy,
  eighty, maybe ninty feet from the top of her blonde head to the
  tip of her brobdingnagian toes.

    Sharon was a giantess, a naked titaness, a fantastically
  shaped female mountain, an angry, lust filled, colossal young
  woman.  Alone in the summer night, in the country-side, she
  sat, dominating her puny attackers with her magnificant body
  as though they were bugs.

    None of the men had been caught under her incredible growth, but
  they all stood around, dumb-founded by her transformation,
  incapable of any thought of flight or escape.  Sharon was sitting
  on the ground, her legs out straight, crossing the road.
  She pushed herself up with her left arm and looked down over the
  awesome swell of her naked breasts at the tiny men below.

    Two of them stood between her knees, two by her left hand, one
  stood a little ways off, slowly backing away from her towering body.
  Sharon smiled a wicked smile, a woman's smile, keenly aware of her
  power over these men, delighting in their terror of her.  She closed
  her legs, that trapped two, lifted her left and pinned two more,
  and rolling to the left she reached out towards the fifth man with
  her right hand...


                             ****************


    ...I spun on my heels and took off like a spooked deer, but it was
  too late, the bitch's hand closed around me like she was grabbin' a
  mouse.  Her grip was fierce and I screamed, then screamed again as
  she lifted me into the air.  The ground, sky, and stars spun wildly.
  I could hear Brad and Daren shrieking below, after a moment I heard
  Willy and Randy also, but they sounded more muffled.  My eyes
  adjusted in the moonlight and I realized I was staring into the huge
  face of this witch woman.  Her blue eyes stared disdainfully at me,
  she sneered, then licked her lips, her hand tightened around me
  slowly and I shrieked for mercy.  That got a smile out of her.

    "GOD, YOU'RE SO FUCKING SMALL."  she said to me, female in timber
  but louder than thunder.  "I WANT TO CRUSH YOU.  ALL OF YOU." and I
  heard screams but could not see what she was doing.  "BUT NO.  NO,
  I'VE NEVER BEEN A GIANTESS BEFORE.  IT FEELS GOOD, FUCKING GOOD, TO
  BE ABLE TO PLEASE MYSELF FOR ONCE.  WE'RE GONNA ROCK TONIGHT.
  I'M GONNA HAVE EACH ONE OF YOU.  ONE AT A TIME."  The way she said
  'have' made my skin crawl.  She lifted her left hand and I could see
  Brad and Daren squirming in her fist.  She lowered me and a sudden
  terror filled me as I smelled her scent, she spread her thighs and
  lowered her hand to the ground.

    "NO FUNNY STUFF, GUYS." she ordered, "CLIMB ONTO MY HAND WITH YOUR
  LITTLE FRIEND".  And Willy and Randy joined me and she wrapped her
  fingers around us and stood up.  The ground was fifty feet down and in
  five stides she was back at the car, her barefeet were damn near as
  big as it was and I thought for a moment she was going to step on it.
  But instead she dropped all of us, except for Willy and told us to
  get into the car.  Then she pinched the doors with her fingers and
  bent the frame, trapping us inside.

    Brad was screaming, "She's gonna kill us, she's gonna kill us!" and
  Randy was crying like a baby.  "Shut the fuck up!" I yelled, to no
  avail, "Whose got the goddamn keys!"  "Willy does!" whined Brad and
  he began crying too.  I ignored them and looked outside trying to see
  what she was doing to Willy.

    She had stood up, her right foot clearly illuminated by the headlights
  of the car, her toes actually sunk into the blacktop like it was just
  sand or soft earth.  Things were drifting down from the sky, one red,
  one blue, one then two white.  With a shock I realized they were clothes,
  Willy's clothes, he must have been naked by now.  I tried to peer
  through the windshield up to where she held him, but could only trace
  her muscular thighs up into the night.

    Then we heard Willy screaming.  The giantess was doing something to
  him, something horrible, but we didn't know what.  And as the shrieks
  intensified, the giant stripper girl's left foot twisted a little, and
  slowly lifted up onto its toes, and I had the awful thought that she
  was spreading her legs.  Then a moment later the scream intesified
  abruptly and something fell in front of the car.

    It was Willy.
    The fall hadn't killed him, but he was screaming and writhing.
  It looked like his arms were broken, and there was blood on his naked
  crotch, but if I thought that was the worst, I almost began screaming
  myself when I saw that colossal left foot lift completely off the
  ground and raise itself over Willy.  For an instant the foot paused,
  and I crazily admired the luscious shape of it, the delicate, though
  huge arch, the long shapely toes.  She gently placed the ball of her
  barefoot on top of Willy, almost covering him, his head poking out by
  her big toe, his feet by her little toe.  Then she pressed down.

    With a final horrible yell and a meaty crunch, Willy was crushed to
  a bloody pulp that oozed up between her curling toes, then was smeared
  like jam as she ground him into the road.

    Brad and Randy were shrieking and slamming themselves against the
  doors, Daren was staring blankly at the roof, ignoring everything.
  So I was the only one who saw her squat down on her heels.

    "GEE, I GUESSED I LICKED HIM TOO HARD."  she simpered, "YOU KNOW,"
  she continued, "I DON'T THINK YOU GUYS EVEN KNOW MY NAME.  I'M SHARON,
  I'M TWENTY-TWO, MY MEASUREMENTS ARE, OR WERE 42-29-36.  I GUESS I'VE
  GROWN A BIT."  The fingers of her left hand strayed down and spread
  her labia wide.  "WHAT DO YOU THINK OF MY CUNT?  PRETTY BIG, HUH?  I
  THINK ONE OF YOU LITTLE MEN WOULD FILL IT UP NICELY, AND I KNOW FEELING
  ONE OF YOU WRIGGLING AND SQUIRMING INSIDE OF ME WOULD MAKE ME COME
  IN A BIG WAY."  She reached forward and pulled the car between her
  legs then pressed down so her pussy spread itself across the hood and
  windshield.  I could see her vagina puckering and unpuckering, her clit
  was big as my head, her juices smeared the glass and filled the car
  with her musky scent.  "TAKE A CLOSE LOOK BOYS." she laughed far above,
  "I MIGHT TRY TO FIT ALL OF YOU IN ME."  And she began to rub and grind
  her crotch against the car, the roof began to buckle under the weight
  of her mons and the window fractured from end to end.  "OH GOD." she
  was chanting, "YOU'RE MINE, ALL MINE, ALL MINE, OH GOD, OH GOD." and
  suddenly the car was lurching.  She was spinning it in her hands,
  shaking us violently as she inserted a fingernail through the driver's
  window and pealed the roof back lke it was tinfoil.  Reaching in with
  her thumb and forefinger she caught me, and lifted me from the car as
  I howled in terror.  Then she folded the roof back and set the car
  down, and sat down with her legs bent over it so those trapped inside
  could still see her gigantic cunt.

    Her hands was hot and rough as she dropped me into the valley of her
  cleveage, her mammoth breasts rising on either side like high rolling
  hills, tipped by her dark swollen nipples.  "DO YOU LIKE TITS?" she
  asked, "ARE MINE BIG ENOUGH?" and she cupped a hand over each one.
  "I WISH YOU'RE FUCKING LITTLE MOUTH WAS BIG ENOUGH TO SUCK ON MY
  TIC-TACS." she complained.  "I SHOULD JUST CRUSH YOU INSTEAD, BUT
  FIRST DO Y'WANNA SEE WHAT MADE YOUR OTHER LITTLE FRIEND YELL SO
  MUCH.  BEFORE I STEPPED ON HIM."  She plucked me from between her
  breasts and held me up before her face again, her deep blue eyes
  were alive with unhibited lust.  "IT WAS FUCKING INCREDIBLE." she
  said, "MY BAREFOOT COVERED HIM EASILY, I COULD HAVE DONE ANYTHING WITH
  HIM, BUT I WANTED TO KNOW WHAT IT FELT LIKE TO CRUSH A TINY MAN, SO
  I STEPPED ON HIM."  She licked her lips at the memory, "I COULD FEEL HIM
  WRIGGLING UNDER THE BALL OF MY BIG FOOT, TRYING TO ESCAPE FROM ME,
  AND WHEN I PRESSED DOWN HE SHRIEKED AND I FELT HIM CRUNCH, BUT THEN
  IT TURNED CREAMY AND MY TOES FELT WARM AS I CURLED THEM AROUND HIS
  PUNY BODY AND SQUEEZED UNTIL HIS FLESH OOZED UP BETWEEN MY TOES.
  IT FELT JUST LIKE MUD AT THE BOTTOM OF A RIVER."

    She smiled wickedly, "BUT FIRST I KISSED HIM." and she bent her head
  forward, her full lips wet and slightly parted.  She opened her hand
  and drew me towards her as though she were drinking from her palm.
  She kissed me hard and she kissed me long.  Then she raised her head,
  "NO GOOD," she rumbled, "THE CLOTHES GOTTA TO GO."  and she ripped my
  clothing from my writhing body.  I screamed in agony as she wrenched
  my arm back, breaking it in her ungentle haste to disrobe me.  "OOPS."
  she giggled, shaking her head so her gorgeous blonde hair flew, "YOU
  LITTLE GUYS ARE SO FUCKING FRAGILE.  GUESS I'D BETTER HURRY BEFORE I
  BREAK YOU.  NOW WHAT WAS I DOING?  OH YAH, I WAS KISSING YOU."

    Her lips opened and her tongue came out and she enveloped my body
  in her mouth, licking it roughly, worrying me with her teeth.  She
  growled huskily in her throat and I knew she was resisting her desire
  to eat me.  My howls filled the night but I was sure they were only
  heightening her lust for me as she ran her hot tongue between my
  legs time after time until my abused body rose to her ministrations,
  delighting her to no end.  But then I heard her voice again, "I SAID
  THAT I KISSED THAT LITTLE FRIEND OF YOURS.  WHAT I DIDN'T TELL YOU
  WAS THAT I KISSED HIM -- TWICE."

    And her hand dropped like an express elevator, then rose up and my
  head was thrust without pause into the folds of her warm wet pussy.
  I screamed and tried to grab onto anything, my flailing hands wrapped
  around something large, fleshy, wet and hot.  Her grip on my body
  intensified and in my terror I realized that I was holding her
  swollen clit.  It must have been too much for her because I felt
  her hand tighten spasmotically.  Imexonerably she thrust me into
  herself, her cunt wrapping around me like a fist.  I screamed and
  screamed and screamed and screamed...


                             ****************


    Sharon looked down between her thighs at the tiny legs protruding
  from her cunt, they fluttered wildly as she squeezed him a little.
  Slowly she settled down unto the ground, shifting herself so the
  car lights illuminated her crotch.  Reaching down she grasped the
  little legs of her victim, and slowly began to pump him in and out.
  She savored his helplessness, dominated him completely, used him
  as her own personal dildo.  There must have been just enough air
  for him to breath, because she could still feel him twisting and
  writhing inside of her.  It was good, she wanted him to last a little
  longer.

    Leaving him alone for a moment, Sharon reached for the car.
  Peeling back the roof again, she lifted out another tiny little man.
  She ripped off his clothing and examined him initimately; poking
  him with her finger, rolling him around in the palm of her hand.
  Then she unceremoniously dropped him into her cleavage.  As he
  tried to stand Sharon cupped her breasts in her hands, and pressed
  them together.

    The tiny man was pinned between her soft tan globes, and she
  smiled at him.  "WHAT DO YOU THINK OF MY TITTIES NOW?" she asked,
  "AREN'T THEY GREAT?" Sharon squeezed him a little harder, "I USED
  TO TIT-FUCK MY BOYFRIEND," she laughed, "NOW I'M GOING TO TIT-FUCK
  YOU." and she slowly began to grind her breasts together.  Her
  little victim shrieked and tried to wriggle, but she pressed
  tighter until he vanished between her vast mounds.  Sharon pinched
  her nipples and kneaded her breasts, acutely aware of her two
  little men.  A playful squeeze of her cunt started her helpless
  dildo to struggling again.  Between her breasts she felt her other
  little sex toy squirming delightfully.

    No menage-a-trois was ever like this.
    With delightful anticipation, Sharon abandoned herself to her
  coming orgasm.  Let her body do as it would with her puny little
  playmates.

    Her body began to gleam in the car lights.
    Her head lolled back and whipped forward, and she began to
  moan.  "OH YAH, FELLA'S...COMEON, MAKE ME CUM...COMEON...COMEON...
  OOOOOOH...HMMMMMMMMM...YAH...GOD, YOU'RE SO FUCKING SMALL...HMMMMMMM
  ...YOU'RE BOTH MINE NOW...MINE...OH...YOU'RE GONNA CRUNCH SO
  SWEET....OH I'M GONNA CRUSH YOU BOTH....OH FUCK...OH...OH....
  OH YAH!  OH GOD!  OH! OH! OH! AAAAAAAAAAAA!!!"

    With delicious meaty crunches, Sharon crushed both her little men
  at the same instant.  The sudden change from writhing resistence to
  twitching pulp made plain her complete and total power over the
  tiny man.  It amplified her orgasm.  Throwing her head back she
  screamed her pleasure in a voice that carried for miles.  Her breasts
  became slippery with gore.  Her cunt spasmed repeatedly, long after its
  little toy had been reduced to limp pulp.  The come down was long and
  pleasant.  Sharon glowed with the realization of her gigantic power,
  with the knowledge that any man, any man at all, could be hers for the
  taking.

    Leaning forward she wiped the gory mess of her tit-fuck off with
  her hand and onto the ground.  Then with her fingers she extricated
  the stringy gooy remains of her little lover in her cunt.  Looking
  at the wonderful effects of her climax, she shook her head in
  amusement, no doubt about it, she played rough with her little men.
  But the little pricks had had it comming.

    Which reminded her.
    There were still two more.
    Reaching forward, Sharon grabbed the car, peeled back the roof,
  and dumped out the last two little men.  Then she set the car
  back down, still using it for illumination...


                             ****************


    She tossed me and Randy outta the car like shaking field mice out
  of a coffee can.  We lay there stunned, nothing really registered
  at first.  Then we saw want she done to Daren and Jake.  Randy
  wailed and started puking.  I didn't feel so good, myself.  High
  overhead we heard her rumbling laughter.  Randy started backing
  away.

    "STOP, LITTLE MAN." she said "I'M NOT DONE WITH YOU YET.", and
  to our horror she began to rise to her feet.  Her colossal body
  looming up higher and higher, all lit from below by the car beams.
  She looked down at us over the god awful huge swell of her tits.
  "WHATTA YA THINK OF MY 'MELONS' NOW?" she purred happily.  "I'M
  AFRAID YOU'RE BUDDY WASN'T UP TO A LITTLE SNUGGLE BETWEEN MY
  TITS.  BUT HE CRUSHED UP REAL NICE."  she dug her big toe into the
  ground, carving up a ditch like it was just sand.  "ALMOST AS NICE
  AS YOU'RE OTHER LITTLE FRIEND.  I SWALLOWED HIM UP WHOLE.  HE FELT
  REEEEAL GOOD, BUT I GUESS I SQUEEZED HIM A LITTLE HARD." and she
  giggled.  "I WONDER IF THERE'S ANY JUICE IN HIM..."  And lifting
  her foot she placed it on the gory remains of Daren and Jake and
  with a slurping crunching noise, squashed them like beetles,
  swirling her big toes in the mess.

    "FEEL'S LIKE MUD." she said.  "BUT IT'S NOT MUCH FUN.  THEY DON'T
  YELL OR NOTHING ANYMORE." she pondered a moment, "I GUESS I'LL JUST
  HAVE TO USE ONE OF YOU BOYS." and she grinned evily, squatting down
  over us like a fucking avalanche.

    I was froze in my tracks, my bladder went, I was so goddam scared.
  It was too much for Randy, he twisted and tried to run, but she was
  way too quick.  Her big hand snapped him up like a wriggly fish.
  Randy was shrieking like a banshee, and flopping all over.  She
  looked him over for a moment, then snapped her hand...once...twice.
  When she set him down again, Randy looked real queasy.  He lay on
  the ground moaning and feebly trying to move.  I thought about
  running, but then she stood up.

    Lifting her right barefoot she set the heel down about eight feet
  below Randy's feet and slowly stepped down.  Randy groaned and
  shakily raised one arm, but didn't move.

    I dunno what idiot took me over at that point, but I screamed
  "No!", and darted forward to save Randy.  I pummeled the side of
  her massive foot with my fists, then reached under it and tried
  to hold it up.  I threw my head back wth the effort.

    That's when cold sense returned to me.
    She was staring down at me, and lookin' right amused.
    Then she winked at me.
    Slowly she pressed down again with her barefoot, her eyes never
  leaving me.  I screamed at her, begged her for mercy, and kept
  right on trying to save Randy.  When her foot got too low I dropped
  flat, and tried to pull him out, but she had him pinned; the ball
  of her foot resting lightly on the side of Randy's head.  He was
  facing my way, and he blubbered and pleaded and begged me to get
  him out.

    From high overhead, Sharon's voice said, "HMMMMMM, I CAN FEEL
  HIM.  ALL OF HIM.  BETTER SAY GOOD-BYE.  I DON'T THINK I CAN KEEP
  OFF HIM MUCH LONGER.  HMMMMMMMMM...I WANNA FEEL HIM SQUISH."

    Suddenly, Randy's cries turned into hideous shrieks.  I screamed
  with him, and watched in horror as she pressed down with her foot.
  Randy's head distorted, his wail faded as she crushed his chest,
  he gurgled obscenely and spewed out his guts, then like an overripe
  melon his head burst.  And still her mighty foot pressed down.
  Randy's bones snapped and crunched, his body split and squished,
  her god awful weight turned him into liquid mash.  And as her toes
  splayed to support her colossal body, the ground cracked and sank
  almost a foot.  The gory pap that had been Randy oozed up between
  her toes, and she wriggled them in it.

    That was it.
    That was fucking IT!
    I ran...


                             ****************


    Sharon watched with delight as the tiny man tried to rescue
  his doomed companion.  His puny hands offered no resistance at
  all as she lowered her foot.  The little man under her foot
  writhed from the pressure she was applying to him.  Both men
  were screaming wildly.  When she stepped down, the sensation of
  the crush, the screams of the tiny man, everything knoted up
  in her gut in a delicious sensation of absolute power, and she
  reveled in a thrilling little orgasm.

    She only half noticed when her last little man fled from her.
  She was in no hurry.  She wriggled her toes in the pulp of her
  latest kill, and slid her foot back, smearing the mess along
  the ground.

    Her cunt tingled with anticipation.
    She needed that last little man.
    Stepping forward she picked up the car, and using it like
  a flashlight, went looking for him.


                             ****************


    It was cat and mouse.
    I had a lead on her, but she was faster.  I could dart and
  hide, but she could look down from her dizzying height.  I had
  the night, but she had that goddam car.  Twice she wandered
  close passed me, once her car-sized foot crunched down right next
  to where I was tucked in, and I struggled not to scream.  She
  seemed to be having fun, but she was also getting angry, and
  I could hear her yanking whole trees out of the ground during
  her search.

    I tried to head north, back towards town, but the swamps
  pushed me east.  I could hear her calling for me in that sweet
  deep sexy voice of hers, and I shivered and ran faster.  The
  ground angled up, and I climbed a low bare hill.

    It was a mistake.
    I heard a fearsome crashing.
    The ground shook and bounced.
    I whirled and screamed, as her fingers wrapped around me.  I
  gasped for breath as she gripped me tightly and lifted me into
  the sky.  The moonlight was soft, but her face was hard and
  cruel.

    "NAUGHTY, VERY NAUGHTY." Sharon scolded.  "I THINK YOU NEED
  TO BE PUNISHED." and she roughly tore and peeled my clothes
  off me with her fingernails.  I shrieked and fought back, but
  she ignored me, stripped me naked.
    "GEE, WHAT A TINY PATHETIC LITTLE COCK." she laughed, and
  engulf my penis and balls between the long nails of her
  thumb and forefinger.  "HOW LONG DO YOU THINK THEY WILL HOLD
  YOU UP?" she snickered, and lifted up slowly.  My back arched
  and I pleaded with her for mercy.  She held me for a moment
  then dropped me.  Her hand swung to the side, and her breast
  rose up before me, huge and soft.  She placed me upon her
  right nipple, so that my legs straddled it, and it lay face
  down upon her breast.  Her nipple was like a great barrel
  between my legs, her areola was rough under my chest.

    Raising her arms over her head, she looked down at me, and
  began to dance.  The crunching snapping sounds as her barefeet
  lifted and fell filled the night.  Her breasts began to rock,
  then to sway, then to jiggle.  She increased her tempo,
  undulating to some inner music.  And it occured to me she wasn't
  just dancing, she was doing a stripper's grind.  Her arms
  dropped, and she lightly carassed her body, cupped her breasts,
  drew her hands between her legs.  The jostling motion terrified
  me and I squeezed tight and held on for dear life.

    Sharon must have liked the feeling of my legs pinching her
  nipple, 'cause she rolled her head and moaned.

    It suddenly occured to me that I had seen this dance before.
  I knew it.  I knew her moves, where she was going next.  Maybe
  I had seen her before, maybe a friend of hers.  I clung to
  her heaving breast, her breath roaring over me as she swung her
  hips, squatted and rose up.

    I remembered.
    The girl had had a little scarf.
    One of those props that keep the cops happy.
    She used it to hide her hand...
    ...while she masturbated!
    "Oh god!" I screamed and tried to jump, but Sharon caught me,
  and with a feral gleam in her great eyes, blew me a little kiss.
  Her hand dropped like an elevator, then turned and moved up.
  The coarse hairs of her pussy brushed over me, then passed me as
  she pressed me in deeper.  I howled and grabbed at her hairs,
  but they were slippery with her juices.

    Suddenly I felt the hot moist flesh of her vulva spread over
  my body.  Sharon pressed me between her labia, let her vagina
  suck at me, then slipped me up higher.  My head wedged against a
  great soft mass, radiating heat like a furnace.  It was her
  gigantic clit, and I tried to push away from it with my hands.
  Far above I heard her groan, and her grip tightened.  Using her
  hand she ground me into her cunt, rubbed me over her clitoris,
  lathered me in her copius and pungent juices.  I fought with every
  ounce of strength I had, but my efforts only increased her ardor.

    Her pelvis began to buck and she fell to her knees.
    Leaning back she spread her legs.
    I was losing consciousness, the untameable power of her giant
  lust was too much to bear.  As everything went black, I heard
  her filling the sky with her orgasmic screams....


                             ****************


    It seemed altogether fitting and proper, that a lewd dance that
  was the favorite of men like this, should be the setting for her
  final victim.  Sharon ground out the steps, did every trick, every
  dip.  And when she started masturbating she luxeriated in the
  soft squirming flesh of her helpless little love toy.  She laid
  herself back on the ground, and lifted her legs in the air.  She
  soaked him in her cum, rubbed him harder and harder, his screams
  grew fainter, his struggling weaker.  With her free hand she kneaded
  her enormous breasts in time with her masturbating strokes.

    Then Sharon began to scream, letting the world for miles around
  know that she was about to come.  With a final hideous crunch,
  she broke Brad upon her clitoris.  Crushing him mercilessly, she
  lubed up her cunt with his warm pulpy body, buried her clit in
  the slimey ooze, smeared him over her swollen vulva like an
  overripe bananna.  Her orgasm was long and loud and enormously
  satisfying.  She lay there for a long time, coasting effortlessly
  down the lee side of her orgasm.  Her fingers swirling lazily
  over her cunt, toying with the remains of her gigantic lust.

    She felt tired and happy, but not satiated.
    She knew that the instant she spotted a tiny man, she was going
  to go after him.  She wondered what the girls back at the Inn were
  going to say.  She thought about Carl, and laughed.

    Lazy and happy, Sharon dozed under the full moon.
    Her mind wandered dreamily.
    She thought about Carl somemore.

    Her boyfriend was in for a surprise...
  

  ...End...
--
