
 
 
 
Her eyes are downcast and very softly she says, "please".  The
light is dim and it is hard to see her face.  You stand close to
her and tilt her face up to you, memorizing her features.  You
walk to the reclining chair and sit down.  "Come, stand before
me" you command.  She obeys silently and her knees touch the
edge of the chair between your legs.  "Take off your dress" you
order. Reaching down to the hem, she slowly pulls the dress up
and over her head and drops it to the floor leaving her naked
before you except for her collar.  Her pussy hair damp because
she knows what is in store for her, and she is ready.  You reach
your hand out and test her wetness.  "Good girl" you say as you
feel your hand become wet with her juices.
 
"Kneel before me and take my cock out" you order.  She nods and
her hands undo your pants and release your stiff, throbbing
cock. "Worship it and don't stop until I tell you" you command,
pulling her mouth towards you.  "Do you want it?  Tell me what
you want!" Her eyes meet yours and she whispers softly, "yes,
Master.  I wish to take your cock into my mouth."  "Then do it,
now!" you command.
 
You watch as her mouth moves towards you, her tongue darts out
and wets her lips, her mouth opens and as you feel her descend
on your cock you close your eyes and moan.,  Her mouth is so hot
and wet. She takes all of you deep inside her, sliding slowly
down the shaft, and as she comes up she sucks hard pulling on
your engorged cock.  Her tongue swirls over the head and slides
into the slit looking for drops of pre-cum.  It feels like she
is deep inside your cock and your hands grasp her head, holding
her there to keep her from stopping.  When you finally release
her head she begins to move rhythmically up and down and you
find your hips rising to meet her strokes.  "Faster!" you
demand.,  Her hand slides under your ass, a finger gently probes
your asshole and you groan as it finds its way deep inside you.
You can feel the pressure building up in your balls and you know
you can't hold back the torrent of cum. "Now...do it now!" you
command and her strokes quicken, her mouth pulling harder on
your cock.  You feel your body tense and you poise on the brink
for what seems an eternity and then suddenly you plunge into a
shattering orgasm.  Your cum begins to shoot and you feel her
tongue slide into the slit forcing you to cum slowly prolonging
the ecstasy.  You are crying out her name as you fill her
waiting mouth with your hot cum and you watch as she swallows
it...savoring all that you give her.  Your heart is pounding in
your chest and you try and force your muscles to relax.  Her
lips are kissing your cock which is still hard and you watch as
she nibbles at you, catching the last few drops of cum on the
tip of her tongue.
 
"Enough!" you say.  "Come, sit on my lap".  Smiling, she climbs
into your lap and snuggles herself in, her face in your neck and
her arms around you holding tight.  You pull her close, your
left hand clasping her nipple and your right hand stroking her
ass. Gently at first, then harder you begin to squeeze her
nipple making her squirm in your lap.  The first time she cries
out in pain you smack her ass smartly causing her to gasp and
cry out in surprise.  You pull her close to you, your hand never
leaving her ass and her body is tense because she knows that you
will be disciplining her. You begin to spank her...sometimes
once, sometimes several hits. Some soft, some hard.  Her moans
become more regular and at times she pulls away from you only to
return again.  Each time you pause from your spanking to rub her
ass gently you whisper, "good girl" in her ear and her heart is
glad that she pleases you.  Suddenly, without warning, you begin
your punishment in earnest.  Your hand strikes her ass harder
and harder without stopping.  She clutches you, her head thrown
back crying out your name begging you to stop...but you don't.
Your hand feels hot and it burns so you know her ass is burning
too.  As quickly as you started, you stop suddenly.  "All done"
you say.  "No more, no more."  And with that her body collapses
against you and she bursts into tears.  You hold her tight
against you, rocking her, soothing her.  "I love you," you
whisper in her ear.  "You are a good slave and Master is very
pleased with you."
 
 
You hold her in your arms for a while, waiting for her sobbing
to cease and for the tremors that rack her body to stop.  When
she is calmer you tilt her face to yours and kiss her mouth.
"Go to the bed and lie down" you tell her and you watch as she
obeys.  You walk to the bed and look down at her.  "You are
lovely, but there is one thing that will heighten your beauty.
Will you let me do as I desire?" you ask.  She does not speak,
merely nods her head and closes her eyes.
 
You go into the bathroom and when you return to her side you are
holding a razor and a small bowl of warm soapy water.  "Look at
me" you command.  Her eyes meet yours and you can see that what
you are about to do excites her.  "Lift your hips for me" you
tell her. She spreads her legs and raises her hips exposing her
pussy to you and you stand there for just a moment gazing at
her.  You place a towel under her ass and watch as she slowly
lowers herself onto it. You place your hands on the inside of
her thighs and stroke the silkiness, then push her legs open
wide and down onto the bed. "Don't move" you whisper huskily.
You scoop some water with your hand and slowly trickle it over
her waiting pussy.  As the warm water touches her you see her
shiver and her hands clutch at the sheets.  Rubbing the hair
slowly you build a soft lather and with your thumb massage her
now swollen clit.  You begin to shave her starting at the top
and working your way down her lips.  It isn't long before she
lies totally naked before you.  You take the towel and dry her
pussy off.  You admire her for a moment and then taking some oil
in the palms of your hands you begin to rub her down. Starting
with her freshly shaven pussy you work your way down her legs
and then starting at her belly you work your way up rubbing and
massaging until her whole body glistens.
 
"You have been a good girl.  You have pleased me greatly and now
I wish to please you." you tell her.  Kneeling between her legs
you begin to lick and suck her pussy, reveling in the softness
of it. You suck and bite her clit making her moan and thrust her
hips up to you.  When you push your tongue deep inside her she
cries out and her fingers grab at your hair.  "You are
delicious!" you tell her.  On and on your tongue goes, pressing
hard sometimes, barely touching sometimes.  Her juices soak your
face and she is moaning, "Please, Please!"
 
<continued next message>
 
