 
Kathi's Story - Part Three: Jeff Lends a Hand    -   By Marlboro Man
 
 
When we got back to our room it was just getting dark.  There was
a big party over at Sigma Theta, and Lisa was invited.  I didn't
know anyone over there, and so I didn't think I should be going
but Lisa convinced me that there was no better source of hot cunt
than at a Sig Thete bash.  Both the football and basktball cheer-
leaders hung out there, along with the women's gymnastics team.
"You haven't lived until you've sucked off a gymnast," Lisa told
me, "they have muscles in their pussies you wouldn't believe!"
 
Lisa's ability to get into the panties of just about any girl on
campus was astonishing.  She said that since all women have a
curiousity about lesbian sex, its not too difficult to "help them
along" the path.  
 
"What you have to do is, once you've picked out a yummy target, 
just imagine her naked in your arms, her breasts pressing against 
your belly as the two of you nibble at each other's pussy lips.  
You just get so horny that she knows you want her ass when you 
look at her.  I think girls can even subconsciously smell your 
cunt as it heats up.  Pretty soon she can't help but respond. After 
that, all you need is a room alone.  Sometimes you pull her into
the bathroom, sometimes a closet has to do.  One time I sucked off
a cheerleader under the stadium seats during a game!"
 
"Once in a while a chick will pull back, but sooner or later they
come knocking on your door.  The nicest piece of snatch I had in
high school was this girl Beth.  She was the sister of this guy I'd
been seeing.  I was over at his house one afternoon, and had just
fucked him when I heard Beth come home.  
 
"Beth was about 16, dark brown hair, glasses, really cute.  Kind of like
that Becky girl on 'Life Goes On', y'know?  Anyway I started talking to
her, and got her talking about guys and sex and stuff.  It was clear that
she was interested in sex, but was totally unexperienced.  I was telling
her about this guy I had fucked that summer, and how horny he made me. I
said that sometimes when I was alone I would pull down my panties and make
myself cum.  She was, like, totally shocked that I was saying this, but
didn't stop me.  Pretty soon I was telling her what it's like to be eaten
and stuff.  We were sitting *really* close on her bed. I told her that she
was a fox, and that she should have no trouble getting some stud into her 
pants.  She just blushed and stuff, but I was insistant and told her how hot 
she looked, and that if some guy didn't take her cherry soon, I would!
 
"I was about to kiss her, but she chickened out and pulled away.  I just
let her go, and acted like it was no big deal.
 
"Well, about two weeks later who should come by my locker at school but
little Beth.  She asked me if I wanted to talk some more.  I took her to
the lighting booth they use for school plays.  I stole the key from this
guy I sucked off in there one night.  It's nice and private.  Anyway,
I got her in there and just started to unbutton her blouse.  She tried
to act surprised and indignant but I knew better: we both knew why she
was there.  After I got her bra off I started sucking her tits.  She
just sighed and gave herself over to me.  There's an old mattress in there
leftover from one of those dopey plays they put on.  I pushed her down on
it, and spread her thighs open.  Honest-to-god, she wasn't wearing any 
panties!  This chickie was horny as hell.  I could see her clit already
standing out, and pussy juice all over her thighs.  She smelled like the
backroom of a whorehouse - I bet she'd been humping her hand for two weeks
thinking about me before she got up the nerve to make a move!
 
"Anyway, she was so hot that she even wore me out!  I introduced her to
some of my more serious lesbian friends, and she's never looked back. I
don't think she's even had a guy yet!"
 
I could feel my own pussy heating up.  Lisa's slutty stories made me
want to make up for all the lost time I'd spent being celibate.
I grabbed Lisa's dildo and smeared the head with KY jelly. "Want
some help?" Lisa asked.  "No, thanks.  I think I need to cum
by myself.  If tonight works out, I'm not going to be able to reach
for my cunt without running into some sluts' tongue."
 
Lisa giggled and went into the shower.  I lay back on my bed and
spread my thighs far apart.  Gently I pulled my pussy lips apart
and rubbed my mound with the slipper tip of the dildo.  It slowly
slipped into my box, and I began to pump it in and out.  My fingers
would brush against my clit when it plunged in.  My cunt was now
oozing its cream around the base of the plastic cock.  Grunting, I
picked up speed, thrusting the dildo deeper into my hot slit.
 
"Unh, Unh, Unh, feels so goood!"  My cunt got hotter and hotter as
I fucked myself.  I could feel the hard shaft all the way up to my
cervix.  My climax was cumming soon, I could feel it.  As my pleasure
increased even more juices poured out of my pussy, dripping down my
downy soft thighs onto the bed.  
 
I was lost in the lucious feelings that were overwhelming me when
I was suddenly aware that someone was looking into the room from behind
the door.  Lisa must have left it open a little, 'cause Jeff was
peering around the corner, looking for her.
 
"Lisa, are you here?"  Then he saw me spread-eagled on the bed. "Oh, 
sorry! I, uh....I was looking...umm..."
 
He stood in the doorway, his eyes fixed on the dildo sticking out of
my cunt.  I slowly pulled it out and tossed it aside.  It dripped KY
jelly and pussy juice in a big puddle on the floor.  I stroked my clit
with one hand, while cupping my breasts with the other.  "Hi Jeff!" I
said.  "Sorry we didn't get to talk last night, but you were so busy."
I smiled as I started thrusting my fingers into my hole.
 
"I was wondering if you were really as good a fuck as you sounded last
night.  Think you might want to give this pussy a try?  Lisa won't mind."
 
He hesitated by the doorway, confused by the change in my appearance
from a shy, timid bookworm to an aggressive, sex-hungry slut, who 
was offering her cunt to a guy who she had never even said hello to!
 
"C'mon Jeff, it's wet and soft!" I sucked some juice off my fingers.
"Mmmmmm, it's tasty too!  Would you like to see me jerk off?  Would that
make you horny enough to fuck me *hard*?"
 
Jeff came over and sat on the edge of my bed.  I streched out my legs 
to either side of him, and used my feet to pull him closer.  With my
thighs spread wide open before him, I pulled my pussy lips open, showing
him my pink inner cunt, still oozing white cream.  My clit stood straight
up, and I flicked it back and forth with my fingertips.  I reached out
and grabbed his right hand and brought it to my crotch.  Holding his
wrist, I touched his fingers to my cunt.  He got the idea and slowly began
stroking my lips, his hand getting slick with pussy juice.
 
I sat back and let him continue masturbating my pussy.  He intently stared
at my hole as he rubbed my mound and stuck first one, then two, then
three fingers up my hole.  I hadn't cum from my dildo fucking, and was
so horny that I felt myself starting to climax. 
 
"Unh, Unh, gonna cum, Kathi's gonna cream on your hand!  Yesss...feels 
so good...Mmmmm...Oh! Oh! OOHH!...Ohhhh..."
 
My thighs were straining apart as my orgasm hit. My cunt gripped his 
fingers as I came, getting them even slimier than before.  He kept 
stroking until my cum subsized and I sagged back onto the bed.  
 
"Wow, Jeff, that was pretty good!  Are you still horny enough to plug
me?  I can see your cock right through your jeans." I rubbed his
crotch, feeling his solid cock bulging under the denim.  Quickly he
stood up and dropped his pants.  He pulled his briefs down and his
cock bounced out.  A drop of pre-cum glistened at the tip.
 
"Yum!" I said. "It looks great. But do you know how to use it?"
 
Roughly he pushed me flat on the bad and jumped on top of me, spreading
my thighs open again with one motion.  I was so wet and slick that
he just slid right inside my cunt.  He was thicker than the dildo,
and warmer too.  I sighed with pleasure: eating pussy was great, but
it could never substitute for this.  Lisa was right again.
 
Jeff started pumping his cock in and out of my box.  I had made him
so hot with my masturbating that he didn't last too long, which was
just as well since my thighs were getting a little sore from being
spread so far apart.  He grabbed my ass and slammed into me as he
came, grunting with each spurt of cum.  I could feel our sex juices
mixing together and slowly leaking out of my pussy,further staining
the sheets. 
 
Now the room smelled like it does when Lisa is done with it.  I felt
like a true slut, and I loved it.
 
I looked up and saw Lisa by the door, watching Jeff lie on top of
me.  She smiled and gave me the "OK" sign with her hand.  Then she
ducked out for a second, and came back into the room again loudly.
 
She was still wearing only the towel from her shower.  "Hey! What's
going on here!" she yelled in mock anger.  "Jeff! I can't believe this.
I thought you were special!  Oh my God!"  Lisa slumped into her
chair and started sobbing. "Get out, just get out!" she cried, pointing
towards the door.
 
Jeff quickly pulled his pants on and, totally embarrassed and flustered,
rushed out the door, muttering apologies.  When he had gone Lisa looked
up and we broke into laughter.  Lisa came over and gave me a big kiss.
 
To be continued...
 
 
 
