
 
Kathi's Story - Part Four: The Frat Party    -   By Marlboro Man
 
 
Lisa and I layed out our new outfits, and started getting ready for
the party.  I noticed that Lisa had a pair of split-crotch panties, 
so that it looked like she was wearing underwear, but in fact her pussy
was totally open to the public when she spread her legs!  I eyed her
clean-shaven pussy with both lust and envy.
 
We got to the frat house around 10 o'clock and made our way down to
the bar.  The staircase was crowded, and we had to push our way through
the crowd.  I could feel several guys' hands pressing against my chest
and ass as we squeezed through.  Previously I would have gotten upset
at such behavior, but that night I turned to look at each guy who had
groped me, and gave him a big suggestive smile.  
 
By the time we got downstairs, Lisa and I had already made sure that
several guys would be hitting on us later on.  Near the bar I saw
Carl Fredericks, and decided to put Lisa's advice to the test.
 
"Hi Carl!  This is my roommate Lisa, I don't know if you've met." I
smiled sexily at him. "Listen, we kind of forgot our money tonight, 
and we're *real* thirsty!"
 
"No problem," he said turning to the guy behind the bar. "Hey, Scott,
put these two on the house list.  There, you're both on the frat in-house
list; you can drink as much as you want!"
 
We sidled up to him on both sides. "Thanks, Carl, you're a sweetie!"
Lisa and I both hugged him, making sure he could feel our tits beneath
our skimpy tops.  I got on my toes and gave him a deep tongue kiss while
Lisa's hands rubbed his crotch.  Then we grabbed our drinks and slipped
into the crowd, giggling.  Carl just stood there stunned, with a hard-on
bulging through his chinos.
 
We downed our drinks in the hallway outside.  Lisa was making eyes with
a dark-haired guy across the way.  I scanned the crowd.  Suddenly I
grabbed Lisa's arm and motioned.  At the end of the hall was a pair of
girls from the local high school.  They were clearly underage, and were
trying to get some guy to buy them a drink.  Unfortunately there had been
a few court cases that year about college guys giving booze to teenagers,
and these guys wanted no part of helping them out.  
 
Lisa told me to go for it, while she moved ahead to get better acquainted
with her pick-of-the-night.  I got two drinks at the bar and went up to
them.  God, they were cute!  One was blonde, about 16, with a sizable
chest and wearing a short skirt.  Her friend couldn't have been more than
14 or 15. She was dark-haired, with big brown eyes and a gorgeous innocent
looking face.  She could have been one of those girls on the cover of
"Seventeen."  I could see that even at her young age, she already had
a body that any twenty year-old would be proud of.
 
I approached them. "Hi guys!  You know anyone here?"  The two girls just 
shook their heads.  They were so nervous about getting caught it was cute.
 
"Here, have a drink.  I just got these for my friend, but I don't know
where she went, so you might as well have them.  I'm Kathi, by the way."
 
"Oh, sorry," the blonde said, "I'm Brenda, and this is Julie.  Wow, thanks
for the drinks, we didn't...I mean, we kind of...um"
 
"Forgot your money at home?  Yeah, so did I.  Luckily I know someone here
who got these for me.  So, you must be freshmen, huh?  What are you
studying?"  I got a kick out of teasing these two bunnies.
 
"Well, uh", said Julie, "we're not really...I..."
 
"OK, relax, I'm just kidding.  Gosh, you guys just might as well be
wearing your high school sweatshirts here.  Sorry to rib you like that,
but you ought to know that the guys here could get into a shitload of
trouble of they gave you beer!  No wonder no one's gotten you a drink
so far.  In this frat, any woman that isn't bought a drink in the first
ten minutes should give up and join a monastery!"
 
"So, how come you gave us these drinks?" Brenda asked.
 
"C'mon Bren!  No one's going to charge a girl with trying to get another
girl drunk."  I chuckled and added "I mean, what would be the point?"
 
I said that line sarcastically, but I think that Julie caught my meaning.
I eyed her appreciatively, following the curves of her body.  She just
acted quiet, but I could see a glint in her eye that wasn't in Brenda's.
 
I looked around the hallway, and pointed out the cute guys to Julie.
"God, the guys here are so cute!  I get wet just lookin' at'm.  Don't
you?  I bet they're really good in bed. I bet he'd like to get into your
panties, Julie!" I said, motioning to a hunky football player.  Julie
blushed.  "No, really.  I can see him giving you the eye.  There ain't
nothing those guys like more than young ass.  I bet if you were one year 
older they wouldn't leave you alone!"
 
Actually one or two guys did come over, but as soon as they heard Julie's
baby-ish voice and saw how young Brenda was up close, they bid a hasty
retreat.  God, the guy who got caught the last time must have really
been in serious shit for these guys to be so scared.  I didn't mind, though.
It just left the road clear for me.  The more I talked about sex, the
hornier Julie got.  I could see her shifting her ass and readjusting the
crotch of her tight jeans.  I stood closer and closer to her, until we
were practically arm in arm.  She felt nice and warm and smelled great.
"Is that the smell of 'Teen Spirit'?", I asked Julie, sniffing around her 
ears. She just giggled and blushed some more.
 
"Hey, let me re-fill that!"  I said, grabbing Julie's cup.  I got the
bartender to give her a drink that was around 80% alcohol, and 20% mixer.
Little Julie downed three of these, trying to be one of the big girls.
Soon she was so drunk she had trouble standing up.  Brenda was pissed
that Julie had gotten so smashed, and that I was essentially ignoring
her.  When I came back I told them that I had heard some campus cops
coming this way, looking for drinking violations.  Brenda got scared
and wanted to leave immediately, but Julie was in no shape to make a run
for their car.  She would be spotted staggering, and be arrested.
 
"Listen, Brenda.  Why don't you go for the car, and I'll take Julie 
upstairs where she can crash until she's sober.  That way you'll both
be OK."  That was fine with Brenda who just wanted out.  She'd gotten
neither booze or male attention, and had already written the night off
as a wipeout.  She took off the back way.
 
I pulled Julie upstairs to the dorm rooms.  I spotted Carl by the door,
and told him I needed a bedroom for my friend to sleep in. He let us in
a spare bedroom on the second floor. I flopped Julie face-down on the bed.
 
"Thanks again, Carl.  I really owe you!" I took his hand and placed it
on my tits.  I looked into his eyes and whispered, "You really turn me
on!  I'm going to suck off this little bitch right now, but why don't 
you come back later?"  I gave him another deep kiss and nudged him out
the door.
 
I turned to look at my catch for the night.  Julie was lying curled up
on the bed.  I rolled her over on her back and unbuttoned her jeans.
I edged them down over her hips and pulled them off.  Next I pulled her
shirt over her head.  She kind of muttered a little while I was undresing
her, but didn't resist.  She probably thought I was her Mom, putting her
to bed.  I unclasped her bra and rolled down her panties.
 
She was now naked on the bed.  I took all her clothes and shoved them 
into a dresser drawer.  Sitting by her, I stroked her soft skin all
over.  She was very curvy for a 14 year-old.  Her tits were still growing,
but were already plump and firm.  I wished I had a set like them when
I was that young.
 
Gently, I rolled her onto her back and spread her thighs.  Her pussy was
almost hairless, with a only little tuft of pubic hair on her mound.
I rubbed her inner thighs up to her crotch.  Leaning forward, I sniffed
her cunt.  Her aroma was fantastic.  I could tell she had been really
worked up.  With my fingers I pulled her lips apart to give her clit a
chance to poke out.
 
It only took a little stroking for Julie's pussy to start juicing up
again.  Her little clit got firm and stood up on its own.  Some pussy
juice began to collect at the base of her hole.  I used my fingers to
smear it all over her slit.  My mouth was watering, just looking at this
virgin cunt.  I softly blew air over her mound.  Julie began squirming
on the bed, and would soon be awoken by my arousing touches. I put my 
tongue on her outer lips and lapped carefully the entire length of her 
hairless teenage slit.  Lisa was right again.  This pussy tasted better
than ever.  So sweet.  So young and untouched.  Not even a cock had
gotten there before me!
 
"Mmmmm.." Julie moaned, now becoming aware of what was going on.  I
thrust my tongue deep up her snatch, and she jumped up with a yelp.
Before she could even think of pushing my head away, I clamped down on
her clit with my lips and swirled the tip of my tongue over and over
it.  Her love button throbbed with lust and she gasped with a jolt
of pleasure.
 
"Ohhh, Kathi...Mmmmmm...that feels soooo gooood!  Yes, yes! Lick it!
Lick it hard!"  She had pushed whatever uncertainty she had about my
making love to her away, and lay back on the covers, spreading her legs
even farther apart to give me total access to her cunt.  She cupped
her tits in her hands and pinched her light brown nipples.
 
Julie's little ass was squrming from side to side as I munched away
at her cunt.  I grabbed both cheeks with my hands to steady her as I
crammed my tongue inside her pussy, tasting her sweet juice.  As she
got closer and closer to cumming, she got an even tangier taste.  Soon
she was writhing in my hands, screaming with passion for me to lick,
lick, lick her pussy.  Her hips bounced up and down on the bed as
she came, pouring out more love juices until her thighs were totally
covered with the creamy fluid.
 
I crawled up her body and lay on top of her, feeling the softness of
her virginal, young form.  She grabbed my head and tongue kissed me
with the urgency only the first time can give.  I let her tongue explore
my mouth before it moved down my body. Now that she'd climaxed, she
wanted to try out her newly-found sexuality on me.  
 
I quickly slipped out of my blouse and skirt.  Julie slobbered her
way down my body, nibbling at my tits and belly, until she came to my
panties.  This was a big step for her.  There is a big difference between
getting and giving head, and she knew it.  Anyone can receive oral sex,
but you have to really be either bisexual or lesbian to give it.  I
almost wished I had Lisa's open-crotched panties so that Julie would
already be looking at and smelling my dripping pussy.  She could chicken
out even now.  I smiled seductively at her as she toyed with my panty
waistband.  I stretched out my body before her, pulling the skimpy crotch
of my underwear up into my cunt, so that my pussy lips bulged out on
either side.  
 
The scent of hot pussy drifted up to Julie.  She looked so beautiful
as she looked at me with confidence.  She made her choice and pulled
my panties down to my knees.  Smiling, she started to lightly tongue
my outer cuntal lips.  I hadn't cum yet that evening, and was so hot
that almost the slightest touch would push me over the edge.  Seeing
this horny teenage slut, who I had met not two hours before, now naked
in a college frat bedroom tonguing my clit was the most intense erotic
feeling I had had since, well, that afternoon!  
 
I moaned with desire as my little lesbian-in-training ran her lips up
and down my creamy slit.  She thrust two, then three fingers up my box,
feeling the wet walls of my cunt, pulsing with heat.  She was a talented
bitch.  I could feel her hands pulling my pussy lips apart, exposing my
clit to her soft breath.  She alternately tongued and blew warm air over
my love nubbin until I came, panting and grunting into her mouth.  Now
it was her turn to have cuntal juices smeared all over her face, and 
dripping down her neck, onto her small, heaving tits.
 
Julie rolled over and closed her eyes. The alcohol was taking control,
and she soon fell asleep.  I got dressed and quietly slipped out the
door, grabbing Julie's clothes and stuffing them into a bag.  This
should cause her some trouble, I giggled to myself.
 
I bumped into Lisa on the way downstairs.  She had dumped the guy she 
had met, and wanted to know what happened with my piece of jailbait.  I 
motioned to the the room I had just left and Lisa went in and closed the 
door.  After one or two minutes I could hear Julie moaning again as she 
climbed to another climax from my Lisa's soft tongue.
 
As I was waiting for Lisa to finish her snack, Carl walked by.  I told
him that I would have to take a raincheck, but that if he wanted some
poontang, he should check out the bedroom.  I handed him Julie's clothes.
"Here, this should give her some incentive if she doesn't want to put out.
Take it from me, she gives great head!"
 
Lisa came out in a few minutes, Julie's cream all over her face.  Carl
watched as I licked Lisa clean.  We both gave him a kiss, making sure to
wipe some of our teen-slut's juices over his face.  Laughing, we said
goodnight, and headed home.  The last we saw of Carl, he was rushing into
Julie's room.  As we left the frat, Lisa whispered to the campus cop by
the door that a high school girl was drunk upstairs in the guest bedroom.
 
That night, Lisa and I slept in each other's arms, looking forward to
the rest of a great academic year!
 
 
 
 
This concludes this series.  Look for Lisa's Story
 
 
 
