 
 
"Tell me what you want...you must tell me!" you urge her.  "Oh,
please Master...please!" she begs.  "Make me cum!"
 
Smiling, you renew your assault on her pussy.  Your tongue
touches her everywhere and you lift her hips so you can reach
her asshole. As you push your tongue inside her she groans and
her hips begin to dance in your hands, the start of her
orgasm...thrusting your tongue in and out you feel her muscles
grabbing at it, trying to stop you from pulling out of her.
Then you make a final sweep up her pussy, taking her clit and
sucking it deep into your mouth. Unable to hold back any longer
her body shudders, her back arches and she is gripped by a
powerful orgasm.  It racks her body and she cries your name over
and over. Softly, so softly you begin to gently nibble on her,
allowing her to regain her composure.  When her body is finally
still you come up over her, covering her body with yours.  "Kiss
me" you command. "I want you to taste yourself on me."  She
turns her face up and parts her lips and you kiss her
deeply...your tongue probing deep into her mouth letting her
taste her juices.
 
"Do you like what you taste?" you ask.  She puts her arms around
you tightly.  "Yes, Master, oh yes!" she whispers.
 
 
You continue kissing her until she has taken all her juices from
your lips and tongue.  Your cock is rock hard and so you ease
yourself inside her, the path made easy by her wetness.  "OH!"
she exclaims and her eyes open wide as she feels you fill her
hot pussy.  She wraps her legs around you pulling you deeper and
her hips lift to meet your strokes.  "Do you like my cock inside
you?" you ask her.   Unable to speak, caught up in the ecstasy
you are giving her, she can only nod her head.
 
You watch her face for a moment and then pull yourself out of
her despite her protests and stand next to the bed, your cock
gleaming with her juices.  "You just came, don't be greedy." you
tell her coldly.  "Come, kneel before me with your ass in the
air so I can touch you."  She crawls to the edge of the bed and
turns, positioning herself so that her ass is in the air and her
breasts rest on the bed.  Your hands roam her ass and your
fingers slide in and out of her pussy and her asshole making her
squirm and moan softly.  "If you are so anxious to have a cock
inside you I want you to use this on yourself" you tell her as
you pull a cock-shaped vibrator out of the bedside table drawer.
"NO!" she says, "don't make me do that! Please!"
 
You frown darkly at her refusal.  "It is not your place to
refuse anything I demand of you.  Perhaps I am too lenient with
you.  A reminder as to who is Master and who is Slave seems in
order!"  You see her muscles tense because she knows she has
displeased you and your belly fills with warmth.  Out of the
same drawer you take the leather whip that she made for you
months before.  Your hands run over her ass once again.  "Don't
move!" you command her.
 
You bring your arm up and then without warning bring the whip
down and strike her hard across her ass.  She gasps and flattens
her body onto the bed.  "I told you not to move!" you say
angrily. "Bring your ass back up where I want it."  She whimpers
softly but you watch as her ass rises once again, opening and
exposes itself to you.  Your hand strokes her, sliding
underneath to feel her clit.  "If you move again I will have to
tie you down" you tell her.  When you are ready you begin a
slow, rhythmic pattern...bringing the whip down again and again,
alternating her cheeks and sometimes in the middle.  You watch
with satisfaction as her skin goes from white to pink and then
to crimson red.  She is moaning loudly and her hands clutch at
the sheets but she does as she is told and her ass remains high
in the air.  Her thighs are wet with her juices and you can
smell the heat from her pussy.
 
You have lost count of the number of strokes you have given her
but the colour of her ass tells you that she has had enough.
She is trembling violently and this pleases you.  "Perhaps this
will teach you to disobey me" you whisper softly.  You pull the
chair to the edge of the bed and sit before her.  "Now, once
again, take the vibrator and do yourself for me!"
 
Her hand trembles as she reaches for the vibrator but she does
as you command.  You watch as she rubs it over her swollen pussy
lips and hard clit.  She is so wet that is disappears inside her
pussy easily.  In and out she strokes it, slowly, the hum of the
vibrator the only sound in the room except for your own harsh
breathing. You take your cock in your hand and begin to stroke
it as you watch her.  It is hard and the tip glistens with your
pre-cum.  You squeeze drop after drop out and taste yourself.
You ache to cum, but you have other ideas as to where you want
to shoot and so you slow your pace down.
 
You lean forward and take the vibrator from her.  It is slick
with her pussy juices and you suck on it, tasting her.  "Don't
move" you whisper and you place it against her asshole.  "Oh
God!" she cries out.  "Please don't hurt me!"
 
"I know it will hurt, but you will let me.  You will give me
your pain, won't you?" you ask gently.  She hesitates for just a
moment and then in aes, "yes".
 
You know how tight her asshole is so you place lubricant on the
vibrator so you will not injure her.  Then slowly, very slowly,
you begin to fill her ass with it...stretching her, preparing
her for what is to follow.  She cries out in pain, and you wait
for a moment...allowing her to adjust...and then continue on
until the vibrator is all the way in.  You turn it on and begin
to work it in and out of her, slowly at first, building up the
pace until she is bucking against it, pushing back onto
it...seeking it willingly and her cries of ecstasy fill the air.
"Oh, please make me cum, please!" she begs you, but instead of
finishing her you stop.  "NO! NO!" she cries out as she feels
the emptiness.  She begins to rise off the bed but you push her
shoulders down and command her not to move.  You take your
engorged cock in your hand rub it over her, wetting it with her
pussy juices, and then place it against her partially relaxed
asshole.  Slowly and steadily you begin to push yourself into
her.  She cries out against the pain, your cock stretching her
to her limits and filling her.  Groaning, you thrust yourself
deep inside her, feeling your balls slap against her sopping
pussy.  Unable to contain yourself any longer you begin to pump
yourself into her faster and faster, her cries spurring you on.
Climbing on the bed behind her you lean over her and begin to
finger her throbbing clit and as she begins to cum her asshole
tightens around your cock and she pushes against you trying to
take every inch deep inside her.  Her muscles begin to milk you
and unable to hold back you begin to spill your hot cum deep
inside her while the waves of both your orgasms wash over you.
 
<continued next message>
 
 
