 
 
When the last drop of your cum has been spent and the last
tremors rack your body, you push her down onto the bed and with
your cock buried deep inside her still, you whisper softly,
"sleep now, sleep and rest with me."
 
 
As your consciousness returns you realize that she still lies
under you sleeping peacefully.  You begin to kiss the back of
her neck and she stirs.  "Wake up sleepy head" you whisper in
her ear as you lift yourself from her.  She turns over and
smiles at you and as the memory of what transpired returns to
her she blushes and exclaims, "Oh!"
 
You laugh and holding her close you cover her face with kisses.
"I love you" you proclaim, and she murmurs into your neck, "and
I love you"
 
"Let's take a shower and clean up" you decide and you pull her
to her feet.  She pads quietly into the bathroom after you and
waits patiently while you adjust the water.  Taking her by the
hand you pull her under the warm stream and kiss her deeply.
You tilt your head back letting the water flow over you and she
takes the soap and begins to rub it over you in a circular
motion starting with your chest, moving to your belly and then
around to your back.  She works the bar into a lather and takes
your cock in both hands and begins to stroke it tenderly,,
bringing it to life once again.  Her hands roam your body
freely, cupping your balls and playing your asshole.  You take
the soap from her and begin your own exploration of her body,
pulling on her nipples and rubbing her clit.  As you let the
water rinse the soap off she takes your cock and presses it
against her belly.  "Please" she says and you release your hot
stream of urine watching as she guides it, letting it run over
breasts, nipples and belly.  You shut the water off, wrap her in
a towel and carry her back to the bed.  She lies quietly
watching while you towel dry, her eyes always coming back to
your stiff cock.  "Like what you see?" you ask.  She smiles and
nods. Reaching into the drawer once again you take out the ropes
you keep there.  "It is time" you say.
 
You remove the towel and center her on the bed.  "On your back
first" you tell her.  You tie her hands securely to the
headboard and then her ankles so she is spread wide for you.
Reaching into the drawer you take out a candle and then position
yourself between her legs.  Her breathing quickens as she sees
what you are about to begin.  "You will be a good girl for me,
won't you?" you ask. "Yes, Master" she whispers so softly you
barely hear her.  You light the candle and let it burn in your
hands for a moment, then slowly you bring it over her left
breast.  Her muscles tense and then you turn the candle over
letting a drop of the hot wax fall onto her nipple.  She cries
out and her back arches as you begin to leave a trail...across
her chest to her right nipple, down her belly and then finally
spreading her pussy lips with your free hand you let one drop
fall directly onto her clit.  She is straining against the ropes
and crying out, begging to you stop but you continue your
journey down the inside of her soft thighs and when you are done
you lavish more on her swollen nipples.   You allow her to swim
in the pain for a moment as you blow the candle out. Slowly,
very slowly you slide the candle into her pussy wetting it with
her juices and then slide it inside her ass.  Leaving it there
you cover her body with yours and begin to fuck her slowly,
thrusting deep inside her.  She pulls against the ropes, her
body both trying to get away from you...and yet closer to you.
You bite her nipples making her cry out and then when you can
hold back no longer you begin to assault her pussy with your
cock so hard and fast that she begins to cum.  Her pussy muscles
squeeze your cock as you thrust deep inside her.  "Cum for me,
cum for me now!" you demand.  She cries out your name as her
body is racked by a shattering orgasm and you begin to slow your
rhythm bringing her down gently.  Slower and slower until she
finally lies still under you, her breathing slow and gentle, her
eyes closed, bathed in ecstasy.
 
You sit up and pull yourself out of her bringing a small cry of
protest from her lips.  Smiling, you slide the candle out of her
ass and toss it to the side.  You sit there for a moment looking
at her...then bringing your body up over her you position
yourself over her face and begin to rub your swollen cock over
her lips. "Lick it clean" you command and you gasp as her tongue
flicks out and runs over the head.  "Take it in your mouth, take
all of it" and leaning forward you slide yourself deep into her
waiting mouth. She sucks and licks her juices from you while you
watch.  Groaning, you feel yourself reaching for your orgasm.
"Where do you want it?" you whisper huskily.  "Tell me where you
want it!"
 
"Please, Master, cum on my face and breasts" she begs.  Pulling
back you begin to stroke yourself, your hand rubbing faster and
faster.  You cry out as the cum begins to shoot and you watch as
it splashes over her lips and tongue and then you bring it down
to finish spilling over her breasts and nipples.
 
When you squeeze the last drop from your head, you sit there for
a moment basking in the feeling, seeing your cum running over
her and you begin to rub it into her skin and then licking at
it, tasting yourself mingled with her skin.  You lick her face
and bring some cum to her mouth and kissing her deeply you both
share your taste on your tongues.
 
You untie her and pull the covers up over the both of you as she
snuggles her body against you.  You hold her,  smelling the
mixture of her perfume, her pussy, your cum and you are
overwhelmed with love for her.
 
"I love you...you are mine forever," you whisper in her ear.
"Forever and a week."
 
