 
Lisa's Story - Part Three: Lisa's Punishment    -   By Marlboro Man
 
 
On Tuesday, Lisa was late.  
 
I arrived at the room after school had ended, expecting to find 
Lisa in the shower.  My instructions for that day told her to stay
in the stall after showering, shaving and douching, and to use the 
shower's massage head to masturbate her clit until I arrived.  I was
annoyed with her, and decided I would teach her a lesson.
 
She appeared in the room 15 minutes later, all out of breath.  She was
wearing a nice outfit - clearly not her regular school clothes.  For
one thing, she was wearing a bra, and you could not see her pussy
lips through a ratty pair of short-shorts.  This was one of those
Sunday-Go-To-Church outfits, with bright ribbons, a broad-rimmed hat,
high necklines and low hemlines.  She explained that she was meeting
her parents outside in ten minutes to go to her grandmother's 85th 
birthday party.  
 
Hoping to get away with a quick blow-job, she got on her knees and began
to unzip my jeans, but I moved away and angrily told her that she had
not asked permission to skip a session with me, and that if she wanted
to leave she would have to accept my punishment.  With little choice in
the matter, she gulped and said she would do whatever I asked.
 
"Good," I said, "Now, take off your panties and give them to me.  You'll
have to meet your family with your cunt exposed."  Shaking, Lisa removed
her underwear and handed them over.  The unmistakable scent of hot pussy
juice told me she was getting turned on by my discipline.
 
"Since you have to leave in a few minutes, I'm going to postpone most of
your punishment until tomorrow, but for now, I want you to continue what
you started."  I stood before her kneeling body and pulled her hands to
my crotch.  Willingly, she undid my belt and pulled my cock out.  She
put the head in her mouth and started to suck, but I suddenly grabbed
her head, and held it in place.  "Now listen, slut.  You're going to be 
punished."  She tried to move her head away, but I held her firm to
my cock, and put my thumbs over her eyes and pressed lightly. "Don't
get any ideas, cunt, or I'll start to push in harder." That calmed
her movements.  She now waited with my cock pressing against the back
of her mouth as I considered my next move.
 
"OK, Lisa, here's the deal.  I'm going to start pissing now.  If you
don't want it all over your new dress, you better not let any spill
out of your mouth." Once again she tried to jerk her blonde head away,
but I held her firm, and pressed against her eyeballs until she stopped
squirming.  Slowly, I began to fill her mouth with piss.
 
I would let a few short pulses of urine go, filling her mouth.  The first
time she paused for a few seconds, the hot acrid liquid stinging her
bulging cheeks.  Then she gave in, and swallowed the load.  I filled
her up again.  I could see tears seeping out of the corners of her eyes 
as, with each new mouthful, she gulped and swallowed.  This was not 
something she had bargained for when she offered her cunt to me for a 
passing grade.
 
She was good, and not a drop escaped from her soft lips.  Looking down, 
I could see that the little slut had one hand up her dress, fingering 
her clit furiously.  The smell of pussy juice wafted up.  The little 
tramp was really turned on!  With her other hand, she was pinching her 
nipples through her dress.  Gradually, my bladder was emptied and her 
belly was filled. I let go of her head, but she kept her lips around 
my cock, and slowly began to pump it in and out.
 
A car horn honked outside. "Your parents are here, my little pussy" I
said to her.  Pumping faster, she pulled me to orgasm, and I came down
her throat.  She stood up, licking her lips.  Her eyes shined with lust.
I could tell she hadn't cum from her masturbating fingers, so I pulled her 
dress up to her waist, and pushed my cock inside her slit.  She wrapped
her legs around me,and pulled me inside as I started pounding into her.
The car honked again, and I could hear her mother calling her name as
she moaned into my ear, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...Ohhh...Ohhh...
OOOHHHH!!!!"  Cumming against my cock, she slumped against me.
 
I pulled my cock out of her slippery cunt, and pushed her towards the
door.  "I'll see you tomorrow, Lisa, and you better not be late!"
 
She just smiled at me, and licked a drop of cum from the corner of her
mouth as she staggered out the door.
 
The next day she was right on time, but I hadn't forgotten that I
still owed her more punishment.  She was clearly hoping that it had
slipped my mind because she tried to start our usual afternoon session
by stripping off her clothes and going into the bathroom to douche and
shave her pussy lips clean.
 
I followed her into the bathroom and watched her shower off.  Smiling
at me, she began to massage her pussy.  She sat on the edge of the tub
and spread her legs wide.  Her fingers pulled her pussy lips apart,
exposing her throbbing clit. "Mmmmm!" she moaned.  "Looks good enough
to eat, huh?"
 
She flipped her clit back and forth with her fingertip, looking up at
me and hoping I would join in, and give her pussy a tongue bath. But
I would have none of it, and just watched her drift slowly towards her
first orgasm.  "Unh, unh unh!" she grunted as her fingers brought her
closer to cumming.  Just as I could see her thigh muscles begin to tense
up, telling me that her cunt was about to cum, I grabbed her hands, and
pulled her into the bedroom.
 
"Oh, please, let me cum!" she begged.  "I'm so hot, I need cum! I need
cum!"  "Shut up!" I shouted.  "Your punishment is going to begin now,
and you're not allowed to cum unless I say so!"
 
I pushed her down on the bad on her back, and roughly pulled her arms over
her head.  I attached her wrists to a pair of leather restraints I had
fixed to the headboard.  Pulling her thighs apart, I tied them down with
more leather straps, spreading her pussy lips wide open.  I could see her
juice running out of her slit, down into her asshole.  The slut was more
turned on than ever.
 
With her body securely tied down, I crammed a pillow under her ass, lifting
her crotch off the bed, and making her cunt even more open for my inspection.
"Please, let me cum" she begged again.  Tiring of her pleas, I gagged her
mouth with a rubber ball gag.  She looked on with panic in her eyes as
I pulled out a few more leather items.  I first stopped up her ears with 
special rubber plugs, and then tied a leather blindfold over her eyes.  
Then I slid a leather hood over her entire head, holding the mask, gag and 
plugs firmly in place. A small hole over her nose allowed her to breath.  
 
Lisa was now shut out of the world.  She could neither hear, see or
speak.  Her naked body was securely tied down, and she was entirely 
dependent on me.  I let her situation sink into her mind for a few
minutes.  She began to wonder what I was going to do.  Would I leave
her there?  What if someone else came into the room?  Would she know
if some stranger was fucking her pussy?  How long would she lie there,
her cunt all spread open and wet?  She squirmed uncomfortably in
her bondage.  For perhaps the first time in her sexual life, she was
not in control.  Inexplicably to her, the situation was turning her on
more than ever.  Her need to cum increased with each passing second.
 
I played with her by holding her nose for a few seconds until she began 
to squirm and thrash about for lack of air.  I held it shut for a few 
seconds longer, just to let her know the absolute power I had over her.  
When I let her nose go, I could see her tits heaving as she struggled 
to regain her breath.  Droplets of sweat began forming on her body as
she began to feel panic.
 
Reaching ino the nightstand drawer, I took out a pair of clothespins.
Opening one, I placed it against her left nipple and slowly let it close
on her tender skin.  She immediately reacted, arching her back in a
futile attempt to avoid the clamp on her nipple.  When she had stopped
moving for a moment, I clipped the other pin on her right breast.  I
watched for a few minutes as she writhed in pain on the bed before me.
When she slowed down her thrashing, I yanked on the pins to bring her
pain level back up.  Holding one pin closed, I pulled up her right tit
until it was pointing like a cone straight up, and then let it go.  I
repeated this with her left tit, then repeated the process.
 
When I sensed that her breasts had become numb, and were no longer
feeling the pain of my manipulations, I unclipped her nipples and quickly
clipped one pin on each of her pussy lips.  Her body went almost rigid
with pain.  Her thrashing got even more severe, and I had to hold her
legs down to keep her from falling off the bed.  I took one clip off
her left pussy lip, and she paused for a moment as she thought I was 
letting her go, but instead I pinned the clip onto her protruding clit,
which was slick with lubrication.  Lisa went almost rigid with terror,
her mouth opened over the ball gag in a silent scream.  Still, her pussy
leaked its slick potion onto her thighs. Even through her pain, her sexual
excitement could not be stopped.  Maybe the pain even increased it.
 
She jerked her hips back and forth, moaning through the mask.  Not 
wanting to damage her tender vaginal flesh, I soon unclipped her and
gently massaged some baby oil into her inflamed cunt.
 
Soon her breathing returned to normal, and I felt that her punishment
was over.  I slid down her soft body, nibbling on her neck and ears.
She began to sigh and relax, and once again her pussy started leaking
juices.  I worked my way down to her nipples and gently nibbled on them
She twisted her chest from side to side to encourage me to suck harder,
but I just kept licking and teasing her swollen nipples gently.  Even 
through the ball gag and mask, I could hear her muffled moans.  Finally 
I moved down across her belly, towards her cunt.  
 
She arched her back, forcing her cunt off the pillow towards my mouth,
but I pulled back just out of reach.  I breathed hot air onto her dripping
slit so she knew just how close I was.  Her clit was fully engorged and
swollen with lust.  She squirmed even more as I slowly brought my tongue
towards her pussy lips.  I lazily let my tongue slide up and down her
outer lips, tasting her fragrant juices.  She had been right before, it
was good enough to eat.
 
Once again, I brought her to the edge of an orgasm, and then pulled back.
Her thrashing got so intense, I had to add a leather strap across her
belly to hold her down.  I pulled a vibrator out of a bedside drawer,
and let it hum against her tits.  I slid it down towards her box, and
let it just tickle her outer lips until I could see her pussy start to
throb so hard that her juices were almost pouring out.
 
She had gone all afternoon without cumming once, and her pussy was so
sensitive that a single lick would take her over the edge.
 
She was ready.
 
I left the vibrator on low poking just inside her outer cuntal lips.
I could see her straining her hips to bring it in contact with her clit,
whimpering with desire.
 
I pulled a camcorder and tripod out of the closet, and set it up at the 
foot of the bed.  I pulled Lisa's leather hood off, and took off her
ear plugs and ball gag.  Still blindfolded, she could not see the camera
pointed between her spead-opened thighs.  I uncuffed her left hand from 
it's strap and placed it on her pussy. "OK Lisa, I'm going you let you 
cum now."  
 
I'd never seen a woman masturbate so intensely before.  Lisa's fingers
flew across her cunt lips, moving so fast they were just a blur in the
camera lens.  Her hips pounded up and down as she fucked her fingers.
"Ohhh..Ohhhh...fuck...fuck...fuck..Ohhh..Mmmmmmmm.....yessssss, yessss,
nnnnnnn!" Lisa was almost babbling with lust, and I was catching it 
all on tape.  She must have cum three or four times before I leaned forward
and passed her the vibrator.  Grabbing it quickly, she thrust it into
her pussy and turned it on high.
 
"Aiiiiiieeee!  That's sooo gooood! Ohhhh! Unnnnnnh!" Her hand pounded
the plastic cock up her twat faster and faster.  I just sat back and
watched this smooth-skinned hardbody pleasure her pussy again and
again.  I panned the camera up and down her body, recording each bead
of sweat hanging off her nipples, and every panting breath she drew in
time with the thrusts of her hand jamming the vibrator into her cunt.
 
Lisa kept going almost 15 minutes before she slowed down, and let
her arm fall to her side.  I put the camera away and tucked the tape
into my jacket pocket.  I knew it would come in handy someday.
 
I leaned over her and kissed her while pulling off her blindfold.
I pulled her leg and belly restraints off and she sagged into the
mattress.  Her eyes were still glazed over, but she slowly focused on me.  
 
"Wow!  That was the most intense cum I've ever had."  
 
Her face shined up at me, and I could see that she was already prepared
for more.  God, this girl was horny!  I let my fingers play over her
cunt lips, and watched as her clit budded up again.  "Don't you *ever*
get enough?" I asked.  She just giggled and pulled me on top of her,
her creamy thighs parting once again. It was going to be a long night.
 
To be continued...
 
 
 
