 
Lisa's Story - Part Four: Licking Jenny's Slit    -   By Marlboro Man
 
 
The next day I sat with Jenny Smith in the cafeteria during our
mid-morning coffee break.  She was eyeing me suspiciously.  She
only knew me slightly, and think she suspected I was just another 
horny faculty member trying to get into her pants.  
 
I played the part of the typical scatter-brained academic, and got
her lost in some linguistic psycho-babble about the origins of language,
so she pretty soon got the impression that I was harmless, and gradually 
let her defenses down.  Soon she was leaning forward, trying to ignore
me and read the paper.  As she craned her neck I could see her generous 
cleavage shifting in  her blouse.  Her tits were practically bulging out 
of her bra, like that exaggerated cleavage in that Dangerous Liasons movie, 
only these were real!  
 
I sat back in my chair and sipped my coffee.  She kept reading her 
paper just as some co-ed in a tube top and gym shorts walked by.
Jenny tried to act casual, but I could see her eyes following this 
little juicy bitch across the room. It was getting on in the semester,
and she must have been pretty horny by now, being exposed to all these 
sweet young cunts, and not being able to dip her tongue into any.
 
She was staring with undisguised lust. I caught her eyes and she
started and blushed.  I told her not to worry about it, and that I
also appreciated the benefits of working on a college campus full
of such beautiful girls.  In confidence, I leaned forward and told
her that even though the college president had a strict policy about
students and faculty "fraternizing", I knew how to get around it,
and had been screwing one of my freshman co-eds all semester.
 
Jenny was surprised that such a seemingly bookish person like me would
be breaking school rules in such an outrageous way, but I could see
her mouth begin to water as I described Lisa's smooth body and
voracious sexual appetite.  She squirmed in her seat as I told her
of Lisa's recently administered punishment.  The more I talked about
Lisa's slippery pussy and perky tits, the wetter Jenny became.  Soon
she just had to have Lisa. 
 
"Do you think that I could, well, catch some of this action?" she asked.
 
"I don't know, Jen" I said (getting familiar with her right away), "I
don't think Lisa likes to...I mean, with another woman and all."
 
Jenny looked disappointed.  "Isn't there any way I can...you know?"
The sexual frustration in her voice was intense.
 
"OK, I'll tell you what.  Meet me in this hotel room at 2 o'clock, and
we'll see what we can do." I handed her a key to the room and got up to
leave. "I have an idea that might work."
 
"I'm looking forward to it!" Jenny said, her eyes sparkling with renewed
lust.  At last, some fresh pussy!
 
I arrived at the room at ten of two, to find Jenny already there.  The
bitch was so hot she couldn't wait!  I told her to get into the closet
and be still until I came to get her.  She hid her coat and handbag, and
closed the closet door just as Lisa came into the room.
 
Lisa hopped in the shower for her usual shave and douce after kissing me
hello.  As she dried her hair I said that I wanted to try some more
experimenting with the bondage stuff from her punishment.  Lisa's eyes
lit up, and she rushed to the bed, giggling like a little girl.
 
"Oh, yeah!  I love it - tie me up again!" she begged.  I tied her arms 
over her head to the bedframe, and used the leather straps to hold
her thighs wide apart.  She looked just like she did when I was punishing
her, only her face was now bright and eager.  She was ready for some
major fucking, and her pussy had already juiced up.  Even across the
room I could feel the heat of her cunt, and smell her fragrance.  I'm
sure that Jenny could also smell it, kneeling in the dark closet as she 
was, getting wetter and hornier as she listened to Lisa's pleas for sex.
 
I slipped the leather mask on over her eyes, and opened the closet door
so that Jenny could see.  Her left hand was inside her skirt, fingering
her pussy with urgency.  I made a motion for her to come out, but to
be quiet.  She came around to the foot of the bed, and silently slipped
her skirt and blouse off.  I had to catch my breath at the sight of this
well-formed goddess disrobing on front of me.  Jenny was even more 
voluptuous than I had imagined.  Her huge tits sat upright on her chest,
which tapered to a narrow waist, which in turn flared out into her
broad hips.  Soft, downy hair covered her pussy mound.  As she stepped
out of her panties I could see the juice shining on her cunt lips.  This
woman was hot!  If only the lust-light shining in her eyes was directed 
at me.  I could get into spending a month or two between this slut's thighs.
 
Unfortunately Jenny's attention was firmly directed towards Lisa's 
quivering body tied to the bed.  I was just a tool she was using to 
get her share of the student body, but seeing her soft twentysomething
shape made me forget about all that.  There is something different
about a slightly older woman that is incredibly erotic.  Jenny didn't
have the enthusiastic, "just-opened" look that little Lisa had, but
rather had a sophisticated and experienced appearance that told me she
would know exactly how to drive Lisa crazy with her tongue!
 
"C'mon, Doc!" Lisa whined. "What's taking so long?  Lisa's pussy needs
some attention!"  She squirmed on the bed, twisting her hips back and
forth and arching her back so that her tits bounced on her chest.
 
I motioned for Jenny to go ahead, and she slowly crawled onto the bed,
sliding between Lisa's legs.  She was careful to not touch Lisa's thighs,
since the feel of Jenny's soft hands would give her away.  Jenny leaned
forward and breathed softly onto Lisa's cunny.
 
"Mmmmm..it's about time" Lisa said. "Lick my pussy. Please,  make me 
cum!  I need it so bad.  I was watching this hunky guy in gym class. 
He was so hot.  I grabbed his buns and pulled him under the stands and
sucked him off, but the period ended before he could get me off, and
I'm still horny!  C'mon, stop teasing, stick it in!"
 
Jenny toyed with Lisa's pussy.  She was in no hurry, and was savoring
every moment, and every drop.  Touching Lisa only with her tongue tip,
Jenny probed and licked her outer cuntal lips.  Lisa started moaning as
Jenny's tongue circled her clit, dancing around it, and flicking softly
at its tender top.  She nibbled on one pussy lip at a time, sucking it
into her mouth and running her tongue up and down its length.
 
"Oh wow!  This is great" Lisa moaned.  "You're even better than yesterday!
Mmmmm...yessss......lick my clit....higher...higher.....yes, there!  Ohhhh!"
 
Jenny picked up her speed, now lapping at Lisa's cunt like a dog.  The
slurping and sucking sounds were turning me on, and I wished I'd brought
my tape recorder.  Just listening to the sound of this beauty eating pussy
would get me through some lonely night.
 
Lisa's hips churned on the bed.  Jenny's tongue lapped away at Lisa's clit,
poking and probing until Lisa began gasping with pleasure.  Jenny was on
her knees in between Lisa's thighs.  Her ass waved in the air, pussy
juice leaking from her slit, and running down her legs.  I could see
her ass hole open and pucker as she rammed her tongue up Lisa's cunt.
Her pussy lips were swollen and pink.  With a free hand, Jenny rubbed
her clit back and forth, but she couldn't move much for fear of her tits
bumping into Lisa's legs.
 
"Oh, yes. I'm gonna cum! Gonna cummmmm!  YESS!  Lisa's cumming!"  Her
hips pounded up and down into Jenny's face.  Pussy juice poured down
Lisa's thighs, and Jenny carefully licked it up, not letting a single
drop hit the bedsheets.
 
Jenny pulled back off the bed, her face showing how happy she was to have
eaten out this succulent piece of student snatch.  She gave me a quick
thank-you kiss before skipping into the bathroom to dress.  I grabbed the
vibrator from the nightstand, and plunged it into Lisa's cunt with the
setting on 'high'.  Lisa shrieked with surprise, and began heading for
another orgasm, her hips fucking an imaginary partner.
 
I peered into the bathroom to find that, as I had suspected, Jenny was
jerking off over the sink.  One hand was furiously slipping back and
forth over her clit, while the other was pinching her fabulous nipples.
She stared into the mirror with lust as her hands brought her to climax.
Her frustration of not being able to fully make love to this teenaged
slut must have been so frustrating to her.  Soon Jenny's moans blended 
with Lisa's.  Her cum was long and messy.  Surrounded by so much 
luscious pussy flesh, I could no longer hold back my need to fuck one 
of these sluts.  
 
I pulled the vibrator out of Lisa's slit, and jumped on top of her, 
thrusting my cock deep into her wet hole.  
 
"It's about fucking time!" said Lisa, meeting my thrusts with her hips.
Jenny slipped out the door as Lisa and I continued fucking. The smell of 
sex was still strong around Jenny: both Lisa's and her own pussy juices 
were covering her body.  I smiled as I imagined how her afternoon class
would react to these slutty smells coming from their professor.
 
I reached up and let Lisa's arms loose.  She grabbed my hips and pulled 
me even closer, gripping me tighter with each thrust.  It wasn't long 
before I felt my cum building up, and pounded into my little slut so hard 
that the bed frame shook.  
 
"Cum in my pussy, lover!" Lisa whispered in my ear as I showered her
cunt with cum.  
 
Lying back, we both rested for a moment and caught our breath.  Lisa did
not suspect that Jenny had been there.  She told me again how good her
pussy licking had been, and snuggled close to me.  I had never seen Lisa
so, well, affectionate.  It was almost like she had been looking for a 
man who could eat cunt that good, and now that she had found one, she
intended to keep him.  I saw no reason to alter her impressions.
 
I brought Jenny back to the hotel room for the next three days.  Each 
time Jenny would lick pussy until Lisa screamed.  With each licking,
Lisa became more and more enamored of my abilities.  Meanwhile, Jenny
herself became more and more horny.  Her bathroom masturbation was 
evidently not enough to satisfy her sexual longing.  When she started
out it was clear that she wanted cunt, and cunt only.  Now, however, I 
could see her eyeing my cock as I slammed into Lisa.
 
On the fourth day I rented out an adjoining hotel room, and prepared
it with additional sex toys, like more leather straps, double-ended 
dildos and flavored oils and jellies.  My masterpiece was a camcorder 
hidden in a briefcase that I hid in a corner.  It was like one of those 
secret cameras you see used on 60 minutes, and could run for two hours, 
recording whatever action my two beauties could dream up.
 
I told Jenny to wait in the second room instead of the closet.  I had 
unbolted the door connecting the two rooms so we could go back and forth 
without using the hallway.  I watched as she got ready, and stepped out 
of her clothes.  I admired once more Jenny's lush shape and bouncing 
jello-like tits.  The scent of her pussy filled the room.
 
With a quick movement, I pulled Jenny onto the bed.  She thought I was
trying to fuck her, and clamped her legs together.  However, getting a
piece of her tasty cunt was not my plan just yet.  I grabbed her arms
and locked on a pair on handcuffs that I had chained to the head of the
bed.  I next strapped her belly to the bed with a thick, padded leather
strap.  Her legs were free to move, and her arms had two-foot long chains
attached to her cuffs.  The arrangement was such that she could move 
about, but not reach her pussy with her hands.  If she reached as far as
the chains would allow, Jenny could just reach the top of her bush.
 
She was stunned but excited.  I could see lubrication start to build 
up on her pussy lips.  Without explaining anything, I left her alone 
in the room, horny, but unable to touch her vagina.
 
When Lisa arrived, I told her that I was tired, and that we would begin
in a little while.  In the meantime, I suggested we watch the porno
movie on the VCR.  Lisa pouted a little, but soon warmed up to the hot
action on the tape.  I could almost sense Jenny's frustration in the
next room.  I turned up the volume loud to make sure she could hear the
actress's moans of pleasure.
 
Lisa lay on her next to me, absently fingering her clit as we watched
the film.  Whenever her speed increased and she neared a cum, I pulled
her hands away.  She giggled with the sexual frustration I was building
up in her. 
 
"Gonna fuck you hard, after all this!  Lisa's pussy needs some hard
fucking!"  I always loved the way she talked about her cunt in the
third person.  "Mmmmm, look at that bitch suck that guy's prick!  She
really knows her stuff.  See?  She's holding his balls while she
tongues his shaft.  Now she's lapping up his pre-cum.  That guy's
gonna cum real big.  You can tell he's about to spurt....Look!  There
he goes - what'd I tell ya?"  Lisa had called the actor's climax to
within 3 or 4 seconds - she was truly a connoisseur of cocksucking.
 
After 15 or so minutes Lisa's horniness was almost uncontrollable. I
had to hold both her arms down to keep them from fingering her cunt
to orgasm.  She squirmed in my arms and begged me to let her cum.
Jenny must have also been climbing the walls in the other room, her
hands tied just inches from her dripping slit.  I envisioned her swollen
lips and engorged clitoris, begging to be fingered and licked.
 
I turned to Lisa, who thought I was going to fuck her at last and
almost yelped with glee.  Once again I bound her arms and legs to the
bedframe, and masked her.  God, I was getting good at this!
 
Lisa's body writhed from side to side, her cunt lips wide open and 
dripping.  I went into the other room and made my pitch to Jenny.  If
she wanted me to untie her, she would have to agree to give Lisa a 
passing grade in her class.  In exchange I would arrange for her to
get all the poontang she wanted.  I even hinted that some of Lisa's
hornier friends, like her sluttish roommate, Kathi, might be persuaded
to join in.  My only condition was that I would have to be informed
of all encounters between this lesbian coalition, and be allowed to
join in if I wanted to.
 
It took Jenny all of half a second to give in and agree to give me
control over this virtual harem.  I leaned forward and untied Jenny.  
 
The bitch pushed me aside and rushed into the bedroom.  She jumped on 
the bed and thrust her tongue up Lisa's cunt in one motion, and began 
licking, munching and slurping away.  Lisa cried out with lust and 
quickly climbed to the first of many cums.
 
Jenny's throbbing cunt was leaking pussy juice down her thighs like
a punctured waterbed.  Her clit was erect and so hot I could almost
see it steaming.  Her free hand tried to frig her cunt, but I stepped
in and pulled it aside.  With frustration, Jenny ate away at Lisa's
slit with even more vigor.  Lisa was in heaven, and came so intensely
she had trouble catching her breath before another orgasmic wave took
her over again.  Tears were dripping down Lisa's face as Jenny kept
up her tongue onslaught.  
 
Soon I had to pull Jenny away before Lisa passed out from exhaustion.
She clearly wanted more pussy and tried to break away and plunge her
had back between Lisa's creamy thighs.  I grabbed her arms firmly and
pushed her back into the other room, shackling her arms back to the bed.
She cried out for me to let her go, her hands frantically trying to
reach her glistening clit.
 
I returned to Lisa and pulled off her mask.  She smiled up at me and
begged me to fuck her cunt.
 
Holding her arms down above her head, I pushed her thighs apart with 
my knees, and slowly pushed my cock into her hole.  She sighed with
pleasure as I slid my entire length inside her in one stroke.  Her cunt
was creamy and wet, and I could feel it clasping at my cock as it began
to plunge in and out.  The softness of her thighs was like butter.  Lisa's
cushiony breasts squished up against my chest as I lay on top of her, and
I could feel her hardened nipples.
 
Lisa grunted as I hit bottom with each stroke.  She stared into my
eyes with a blank gaze.  Her hands held onto my shoulders as I slammed
my hips into hers.  Her breathing got shortened as she neared her cum.
Digging her nails into my back, she pounded her hips up into mine.  I
felt her pussy spasm and lubricate all over my plunging cock. She gave
out a final moan as she came, and sank back onto the bed.
 
"Now, my little slut," I told her, "I have a surprise for you.  Only
you have to remember your promise that if I could get you Jenny Smith's
cunt, you would be mine for the rest of the year."
 
Lisa said she would stand by that promise, and I went to the door and
opened it, revealing Jenny, straining at her chains, begging for someone
to give her relief and suck her pussy before she exploded with lust.
 
Lisa's eyes lit up.  She gave me a huge kiss in gratitude.  I untied
her and let her walk into the other room.  She slowly circled the bed,
keeping her firm, young ass just out of reach of Jenny's grasp.  Jenny
cried out with frustration.  Lisa walked over the the desk, and picked
up a dildo and some cherry-flavored lube in one hand, and a wide leather 
whip in the other.  With her eyes sparkling, she approached the bed. 
 
I glanced into the corner to make sure that my secret camera was 
recording all this, and closed the door behind my two cunts.  I would 
let them freely make love as long as they wanted.  My turn would come 
eventually.
 
It could only get better.
 
 
This is the final part of this series.  Look for Jenny's Story.
 
 
 
 
 
