 
Jenny's Story  -  Part One: Lisa Takes Charge    -   By Marlboro Man
 
 
Lisa circled the bed slowly.
 
Jenny's arms were firmly held to the bedframe by the shackles
on her wrists.  A broad leather strap held her body down on the
bed.  She strained to reach Lisa's soft skin and lush body, but
the younger blonde-haired girl held back just out of reach.
 
Both women were naked.  Lisa held a large vibrating dildo that
was covered with flavored KY jelly in one hand, and a leather
strap in the other.  Her tits bounced on her chest as she surveyed
her captive.  
 
Jenny's fingers could just reach Lisa's smooth belly.  Lisa watched
as her English professor tried desperately to stroke her breasts and
pussy.  She giggled and pulled back a few inches, slapping Jenny
with the strap, leaving a broad red welt on her arm.
 
Jenny moaned in frustration and threw herself back on the bed.  She
lay back and spread her thighs wide apart, to give Lisa a good view
of her dripping and swollen pussy, hoping to entice the yummy co-ed
into licking at her dripping crotch.  Jenny still could not reach her
cunt with her hands.  She had been kept on the brink of orgasm all 
afternoon, and was going out of her mind with lust.  She tensed and
released her pussy muscles, making her cunt lips open and close like
a sideways mouth.  The hot smell of her crotch drifted forth as a few
droplets of Jenny's cream oozed out.
 
"Please! Let me suck you!  I'll do a good job, I promise.  You'll be
begging me to go on!  I *need* your cunt, you little slut!"  Jenny
was beyond feeling humiliation, and openly begged for Lisa to open
her slippery slit before Jenny's hungry mouth.
 
Lisa realized that she was suddenly in control.  All semester she had
been the student, and Jenny had been the authority figure, assigning
homework and handing out tests.  Now the roles had been reversed, and 
Lisa could make Jenny do anything she wanted.  Her mouth watered with 
the possibilities.
 
"Listen, you bitch" Lisa yelled, "You'll do as *I* say, and will suck
cunt when *I* tell you to!  Is that clear?"
 
Jenny cowered on the bed, her face reddening with shame.  "Y-yes, Lisa"
she stammered out.
 
"Yes, *WHAT*?" Lisa demanded, whipping Jenny's thighs with the strap.
 
"Yes....mistress!" Jenny said.
 
"Good.  Now, I want to set some ground rules for you.  Here's the key
to your handcuffs.  I'm going to leave it here on the nightstand where
you can reach it.  You're free at any time to unlock yourself and leave.
Only, if you do, my pussy will be off limits for you forever!  Now,
can you handle that?"
 
Jenny mutely nodded that she understood, and said that she would obey her
mistress, and not unlock herself without permission.
 
Lisa beamed with pride, and set to work.  She lay back on the edge of the
bed, only inches from Jenny's feet, and began to caress her own body.  She
clicked the vibrator on, and let it slowly slide down her body, from her
delicate neck, over her heaving breasts, down past her smooth belly, and
towards her fragrant, dripping cunt.
 
She pulled her pussy lips apart, revealing her well-stroked clit.  The
tip of the vibrator found her opening, and slid inside.  Lisa stared
into Jenny's eyes as she thrust the dildo deep inside her pussy.  Jenny's
hands were clutching at her belly, trying to reach her distended clit.
Creamy cuntal lubrication dripped from her hole.  Tears welled up in
her eyes as she felt she would never be able to reach the climax she
had been craving all day.
 
Lisa finally took pity on Jenny and pulled the buzzing cock from her cunt,
and held it out towards Jenny's crotch.  Jenny gasped with delight, and
thrust her hips forward.
 
"If you want this, you'll have to beg!" Lisa purred, smiling wickedly.
The tip of the vibrator was around 3 inches from Jenny's dripping box.
Jenny begged and pleaded for Lisa to cram it inside her.  Lisa poked
at Jenny's clit, keeping the vibrator directly on her love button for
only one or two seconds at a time.
 
Jenny's hips arched up off the bed, her cunt homing in on the buzzing
love-toy.  Lisa held it almost a foot over the bed so that Jenny had
to fully arch her back, almost to the point where she thought she would
snap in half.  She could just feel her clit touch the vibrator when she
had to fall back in exhaustion.
 
Jenny screamed again with desperation, and with a yell, Lisa shoved the 
full 12 inch plastic device up Jenny's cunt.  Jenny collapsed back on the
bed, her hips pounding up and down furiously.  She came and came.  Juice
poured out the sides of her pussy, drenching the sheets.  Her cums
lasted for almost 15 minutes before her spasming vagina began to calm
down.  She clutched at her breasts, her chest heaving and glistening
with sweat.
 
Lisa allowed Jenny no rest, however.  She crawled up Jenny's chest and
straddled her face.  "Now, bitch, start sucking! And don't stop till
I tell you to!"  She moved forward, planting her cunt directly over
her professor's opened mouth.  Just as Jenny stuck out her tongue to
caress Lisa's genitals, Lisa added, "And don't spill a single drop!"
 
With that, she began to piss into Jenny's mouth.  Jenny started and
reflexively closed her lips.  Hot yellow piss spilled all over her
face, and dripped down her neck onto the bed.
 
"You Bitch!" Lisa yelled. "Can't you even listen! You'll pay for this,
you slut!"
 
She leaned back and pulled the vibrator from Jenny's red, raw pussy,
and tossed it off the bed.  She grabbed a c-clamp from the pile of sex
toys on the nightstand and started screwing it onto Jenny's right tit.
 
"No, please!" begged Jenny, "I'll do as you say. I love drinking your
piss, it's like champagne!  Please don't clamp my titties! No...NOO!
...AAAHHHH!"  She screamed in terror as the metal clamp closed in on
her nipple.  Lisa tightened it until the tip of her nipple was almost
totally flattened, then she started working on the other one.
 
Jenny's screams became even too much for Lisa to handle after her
second nipple was firmly squished between the metal edges of the clamp.
She grabbed the ball-gag from table and shoved it into Jenny's mouth.
 
Now her professor was totally bound and gagged.  Lisa watched as her
naked sweaty body writhed in agony before her.  Grabbing the leather
strap, she began whipping Jenny's belly and thighs.  Her supple body
twitched and shook with pain as the whip left its red marks all over
Jenny's white, creamy flesh.  Soon a criss-cross pattern of welts was
evident all over her skin.  
 
When Lisa focused on Jenny's tits, the c-clamps on her nipples were 
pulled and tugged by the whip as it struck.  To Jenny, it felt like her
breasts were being torn from her chest.  She twisted her torso in a 
vain attempt to avoid Lisa's blows, but this only exposed more untouched
flesh on her sides and back for the sadistic blonde co-ed to punish.
 
Lisa then turned her attention to Jenny's still oozing cunt.
 
She held Jenny's pussy lips apart with her left hand, leaving her soft
inner tissues totally vulnerable.  The whip in her right hand came
down hard on Jenny's clit, and the bound slut went rigid with pain.
Lisa whipped her cunt again and again, until Jenny was beyond feeling.
She could hear Jenny's muffled cries even through the ball gag, and 
smiled to think of how she was similarly treated by her linguistics
professor just recently, and how she had loved it.
 
Soon, however, Lisa got bored of whipping Jenny's soft pussy.  She
went to the pile of leather toys and pulled out a horsewhip.  Jenny's
eyes widened with fear as Lisa approached the bed.  She tried to shrink
away from the hard leather tip of the whip, which Lisa dangled before
her eyes.  She dragged it slowly down Jenny's soft body, circling each
tit before sliding past her crotch towards her feet.
 
Grabbing a bottle of oil from the table, Lisa covered Jenny's feet with
the shiny lubricant.  She then pulled Jenny's left leg out straight, so it
was a few inches off the bed, and made her point her toes to the ceiling.  
Holding onto Jenny's big toe, Lisa began whipping the soles of Jenny's feet.
 
At the touch of the first whip blow, Jenny jerked her foot up and away 
from Lisa's grasp.  Lisa did not expect that kind of insolence, from her
slave,and slammed the whip down on Jenny's thigh with full force.
 
"Damnit! Did I tell you that you could move your foot, you bitch?!"
 
Lisa whipped Jenny's thighs again and again, leaving wide red welts all
over her skin.  Some drops of blood oozed out along the deeper gashes.
Jenny screamed into her ball gag with terror.  She had never felt such
pain.
 
"Now, will you behave, slut?!" Lisa demanded.  Tearfully, Jenny nodded
yes, and held her leg out shakily.  Lisa began to whip her soles again.  
With each strike, Jenny flinched, but did not pull away.  Soon Lisa was 
able to whip her feet with brutal force and not have to hold onto her toes.
The oil on her soles seemed to make each blow sting even more.
 
Jenny eyed the key sitting on the nightstand.  All she had to do was reach
over and let herself free and this terrible whipping would stop.  But
that would also mean that she would never again know the softness of
Lisa's thighs, and the taste of her slippery cunt.  
 
Jenny looked up at her torturer.  Even as Lisa was punishing her, Jenny
couldn't help but lust after Lisa's voluptuous and sensual body.  She
was concentrating intently on striking every square inch of Jenny's soles,
and her brow furrowed with concentration.  The smell of Lisa's sweaty
body filled Jenny's nostrils, and made her want to submit to Lisa's whims
even more.  It was Lisa's beauty and vivid sexuality then held Jenny 
bound to the bed more firmly than any ropes or chains ever could.
 
Tears rolled down Jenny's white cheeks as Lisa savaged her feet.  Each
whip blow tore her soles, and sent daggers of pain up her legs.  Blood
covered the bottoms of her feet, but this only spurred Lisa on more.
She whipped Jenny's feet harder and harder, sweat shining on her bouncing
tits.  Incredibly, Lisa could see Jenny's clit still pointing erect out
of her pussy lips the entire time.  Jenny's whipping was turning her on,
just as Lisa's had made her own pussy ooze creamy juice.  
 
Finally, Lisa pulled the gag from Jenny's mouth.  The exhausted teacher
gasped for breath, no longer able to scream.  "Now, my little Jennifer
cunt, thank me for your punshment.  Thank me and offer to lick my whip
clean, or I'll start doing things to you that you don't even want to
start thinking about!"
 
"Th-thank you, mistress.  I love when you whip me like that.  Will...will
you do it some more?  Please?"  Jenny was babbling incoherently.
 
"No, I don't think so" said Lisa, "I'm getting tired. Maybe I'll whip
you some more tomorrow."
 
"Thank you, mistress, I'd like that.  Now, please let me lick your whip
clean!"  Jenny stuck out her tongue, and lapped the tip of the leather
crop clean of her blood and sweat.
 
Lisa then crawled back up Jenny's chest.  She unclamped her nipples and 
sucked them to bring blood flowing through them again.  Jenny still moaned 
with agony, her body covered in sweat.  Lisa grabbed Jenny's hair and said, 
"OK, slut!  Let's hope you've learned your lesson, and we'll try it again."
 
Lisa squatted over Jenny's face, and again let loose a stream of piss.
This time Jenny eagerly opened her mouth and carefully swallowed every
hot, bitter drop.  Lisa purposely held back to make this last a long
time.  Jenny licked her cunt clean after every spurt, and then Lisa
would piss some more. Jenny held the liquid in her mouth, tasting her
captivity, until Lisa told her she could swallow it.  Finally Lisa had 
no more left to piss, and Jenny gently suckled at her pussy.  Lisa
massaged her tits and sighed with pleasure as she rode Jenny's tender 
tongue to an orgasm.
 
Lisa collapsed onto Jenny's body, their soft tits mashing against
each other.  She grabbed Jenny's face and kissed her roughly, thrusting
her tongue deep into Jenny's mouth.  Jenny eagerly returned the kiss, 
nipping and sucking at Lisa's probing tongue.  Lisa could taste the
pussy juice and piss on Jenny's breath.  Jenny began pumping her
hips up and down, grinding against Lisa's pussy.
 
Lisa pulled back, a string of saliva dripping from the corner of her
mouth onto Jenny's tits.  Giggling, she reached over for the phone
by the bed.  She ordered room service to send up a turkey sandwich and
a beer.  Jenny looked at her puzzled, but the door buzzed before she
could find out what Lisa was up to.
 
Still naked, Lisa opened the door and let the waiter in.  This lucky
guy stared at the lush figure of the girl by the door, and the spread
opened pussy of the one bound to the bed.  The smell of two hot pussies
permeated the room. Lisa closed the door behind him, and pulled him 
towards the bed.
 
With a practiced hand, she unclasped his belt and zipper, and pulled 
his pants down to his knees.  She grabbed his hard cock and led him
towards Jenny's cunt.
 
"C'mon honey, fuck this bitch for me!  You can do it, just look how
wet she is.  She wants it bad!"
 
The waiter needed no further prodding, and thrust his cock inside Jenny's
wet pussy.  He slammed violently into her and she grunted with pleasure
with each thrust.  Lisa reached between them and fondled Jenny's clit in
between fuck-thrusts.  Soon the waiter neared his cum, and pounded even
harder into Jenny's body.  He grabbed Jenny's tits as he came, twisting
them violently.  Jenny cried out with renewed pain as she felt his cum
drenching her insides as he savaged her nipples.  
 
Before he could collapse onto Jenny's generous cleavage, Lisa grabbed
his ass and pulled him off the bed, and neatly propelled him towards the
door, his pants still down around his ankles.  She caught a glimpse of
a well-dressed couple walking down the hall, who recoiled with shock
at the sight of the half-naked waiter, his erect cock still dripping
with cum and pussy juice.  She slammed the door behind him and giggled
as she could hear the couple yell for the manager.
 
Lisa laughed and started to munch on the sandwich.  She ate about half,
then climbed back onto Jenny.  She took a few pieces of the turkey, and
shoved them up her cunt.  "Lunchtime!" she giggled, shoving her crotch
into Jenny's face.  Jenny obediently ate the cunt-flavored meat, sucking
every piece from Lisa's hot slit, and licking clean every drop of russian
dressing.
 
The blonde girl next crawled a few inches further up the bed, so that her
little pink asshole was directly over Jenny's mouth.  Jenny could smell
the shit inside Lisa, mixed with the odor of her steamy pussy.  This was
truly the heart of Lisa's sexuality - the most animal fragrance her body
could produce.
 
Lisa grabbed hold of Jenny's still sore nipples and twisted then cruelly.
 
"OK, bitch!  Let's see if you can suck asshole as well as you lick pussy.
Start sucking, or I just might let loose, and really fill your mouth!   I
want you to lick me spanking clean."  To show Jenny that she meant business,
she relaxed her anus a litte, letting the tip of a small brown turd poke
out before she tensed up and pulled it back in.  Jenny turned her head
away in revulsion, but Lisa gave her tits another brutal twist for good 
measure, forcing Jenny to turn her mouth back to Lisa's underside and
slowly stick out her pink tongue.  Lisa could now feel the dark-haired 
professor's lips and tongue begin to probe and lick at her bunghole.
 
Jenny was afraid that her nipples would be permanantly scarred by Lisa's
viscious grip - her fingernails were firmly planted into Jenny's tits.
Jenny lapped and sucked for all she was worth, licking every speck of
sweat, shit and pussy juice from Lisa's entire anus.  When Lisa gave a
further nipple twist, Jenny even pointed her tongue, and shoved it 
directly up Lisa's shit-chute, cleaning her outer rectum out like an
enema.  Finally she could lick no more, and let her head fall back to the
bed, her mouth smelling like a sewer.
 
"Here," said Lisa, "I'll give you some mouthwash for your breath."
 
Lisa grabbed the beer and twisted off the cap.  She lay back on Jenny's
body, stuck the neck of the bottle up her cunt and began pouring the 
fizzy liquid into her pussy.  She tilted her hips back so that almost 
half the bottle filled her up.  She then leaned forward, causing the 
liquid to begin to drip onto Jenny's face.  As Lisa sat further up, more
and more of the beer poured out, like a faucet of warm, bubbly fluid.  
Jenny lapped and sucked until Lisa's cunt was empty.  A light buzz now 
filled Jenny's head.  Before she knew it, the effects of the alcohol and
her sexual exhaustion took over, and she fell back on the bed asleep.
 
When she awoke it was dark outside and Lisa was gone.  She unchained 
herself and found a note by the door that simply read: Wednesday, 4pm.
 
What would be next?  Jenny wondered.
 
To be continued...
  
 
 
 
 
