 
Jenny's Story  -  Part Two: The Wait    -    By Marlboro Man
 
 
Jenny could hardly wait until Wednesday.
 
Why was Lisa making her wait so long for their next meeting?  
Her whip-induced cuts and bruises had pretty much healed up, and
her horniness had returned with a vengeance.  Now that Jenny had
had a taste of what co-ed cunt was like, she only wanted more.
The tang of Lisa's juices lingered on her lips.
 
Even the high schoolers she had seduced at her last job at St. Hilda's
School for Girls could not compare to the sheer sexual intensity that
Lisa represented.  She was truly a hybrid, the best of both worlds - both
young enough so that her body was tight, smooth and delectable, and old
enough to know how to make beautiful love.
 
Jenny now eyed every college bitch that walked by her door with lust.
The firm tits and wiggling asses parading before her only reminded her
of Lisa's wonderful feel.  The girls in her classes could feel the
change in Jenny's manner.  Who was once a cold and standoffish bitch
was now a warm and open seductress.  In hopes of finding other sources 
of cunt-juice, Jenny had begun flirting with her other students, asking 
them to stay late to study, or to share a glass of sherry.
 
One chick in particular had set Jenny's juices really flowing.  She was
a sophomore named Julie-Anne.  This girl had rich red hair, with streaks
of brown highlights.  She wasn't too tall, but her body was firm, shapely
and compact.  Julie-Anne warmed right up to the new, friendlier Jenny, and
the two women could sense the sexual tension building between them.  Jenny
had set a date to meet her after school to review some notes, and was 
looking forward to peeling off the tight sweater and high boots that 
Julie-Anne always wore.
 
But just as she was getting ready to meet Julie-Anne, a note from Lisa
was slipped under her office door.  It read simply that Jenny was not to
have anything to do with other girls without Lisa's permission, and
furthermore, Jenny had to give Lisa a written listing of every time
she masturbated, detailing what she used to make herself cum, what she
was thinking about, and how long it took. 
 
Failure to do so, of course, meant that Lisa would no longer make herself
available for Jenny's pleasure.
 
Reluctantly, Jenny told Julie-Anne that she was busy, and couldn't meet
with her that night.  She watched as Julie-Anne slowly walked away, her
hips swaying back and forth, and her tits bulging within her sweater.
She could feel the wetness build between her legs, and retreated to her
desk to frig her own pussy.  This, Jenny realized would have to be entered
into her jerk-off listing.
 
When she got home later on, Jenny found an envelope taped to the door.
It said "To Jenny, A taste of what you missed!" in Lisa's handwriting.
Inside was a lock of red-brown pussy-hair, smeared with cuntal lubrication.
Jenny put the tuft of pubic hair to her tongue, and knew that this sample
of cream was not Lisa's since it lacked the blond girl's special taste.
Lisa had obviously gotten to Julie-Anne first, and had already enjoyed her
favors.  The thought of Lisa sucking off Julie-Anne's cunt drove Jenny
crazy with sexual desperation.
 
In her frustration, Jenny found herself masturbating almost constantly 
when she wasn't in class.  A pocket-sized vibrator that she had picked 
up at the drugstore as a "scalp-massager" kept her pussy happy, and her
mind sane while she waited the two days before Lisa would allow Jenny 
to lap up her tasty cunt juice.
 
Her masturbation log was growing.  Lisa would be proud of her detailed
listings.  After each entry, Jenny would smear a blob of her cunt-cream
as "proof" that she had successfully jerked off.
 
7:30 am  In bed.  Fingers up cunt-hole.  Waking masturbation fantasy of Lisa
	 licking my pussy-lips.  2 minutes.
7:50 am  While taking shower.  Water stream directed onto clit.  Thought
	 about when I used to lick my sister's cunt while showering with
	 her when we were teenagers.  Felt sooo good! 1 minute.
8:40 am  In car driving to school.  Fingers on clit.  Jerked off at long
	 traffic light thinking about Julie-Anne's face between my legs.
	 Did kids in school bus next to my car see me?  2 minutes.
9:15 am  In my office.  Used vibrator I keep in my desk, shoved up my cunt.
	 Fantasized about the two girls I used to sleep with at my old job
	 at the Girls' School.  3 minutes.
10:05 am During class!  Fingered pussy while giving test to freshman class.
	 Watched little brunette slut in front row wearing short skirt, and
	 imagined sucking at her budding breasts.  Think guy next to her saw
	 my hand up my skirt.  Don't care.  2 minutes.
11:30 am In ladies room.  Two fingers up cunt.  Thought about Julie-Anne's
	 tongue licking at Lisa's hot ass.  1 minute.
11:33 am In ladies room.  Three fingers up cunt.  Lisa's whipping my 
	 breasts.  1 1/2 minute.
1:05 pm  Lunchtime.  Humped peeled carrot stick from salad bar in hallway 
	 outside cafeteria.  2 minutes.
2:15 pm  At my desk.  Stan Kiley offered to suck my clit.  Not sure if
	 your instructions applied to him, so I only let him finger fuck 
	 my pussy.  Sucked his hand clean. 1 minute.
 
A dutiful soul, Jenny had kept her bargain with Prof. Kiley, and had
told him all the details of her sex session with Lisa.  Mysteriously,
he seemed to know of every detail, even before she told him anything.
It was almost as if he had been watching the entire time that Lisa
had pleasured and tormented her.  But that was impossible, Jenny told
herself.  She could never bear the humiliation of having someone else
observe her being so sexually ravaged.
 
Getting through her teaching schedule, so full of bouncy co-eds was
murder for Jenny.  Her poetry class was the worst, since Lisa was in 
it, and sat right in the front row of the lecture hall.  Jenny had 
to hold the podium with both hands when she saw Lisa walk in and sit 
down not four feet from her.  With a smile, Lisa put her bag down and 
slowly spread her legs.  Underneath her miniskirt, Jenny could see that
the co-ed slut had not worn any panties, and that her cunt lips were
clearly visible between her spread opened thighs.
 
As the class went on, Jenny could see Lisa rocking her hips back and 
forth, making her pussy opening squish open and close, and encouraging
dripping cream to appear at her hole.  Lisa ran her tongue over her
lips, letting some spit dribble onto her notes.  Jenny tried to look
over her at the rest of the class, but her gaze kept returning to Lisa's
hairy snatch.  
 
Lisa's left hand snaked its way up her thighs, and lightly brushed against
her swollen lips.  Making sure to hide her movements with her notebook,
the little slut began fingering her clit.  The scent of Lisa's excitement
wafted forward to Jenny.  She could see that even a few of the guys nearby
had perked up their noses, and were looking around trying to locate the
source of the steamy hot cunt they were smelling.
 
Jenny tried to look across to the other side of the room, but her gaze
ran right into Julie-Anne, sitting by the window.  The lush redhead 
stared back at Jenny's discomfort as if she knew what was running through
her mind.  She had left her usual knit sweater at home today, and was
instead wearing a low-cut blouse that made no secret of her ample cleavage.
She shifted in her seat and sucked on the tip of her pencil, giving
Jenny a quick glimpse of her pink tongue.
 
Jenny's pussy was screaming for relief.  She could feel her secretions
starting to ooze out of her panties and drip down her thighs.  Soon they
would be running down her legs below her skirt where everyone would be
able to see the creamy juices of her cunt.  Her clit throbbed.
 
Making a lame excuse of having forgotten a book in her office, Jenny told
the class to read ahead in their texts, and that she would be right back.
Rushing past Lisa's still exposed cunny, Jenny hurried into the hallway
and darted into a stairwell.  Out of breath, she thrust an arm under the
waist band of her skirt and started fingering her pussy.  She was so horny
that she was able to cum almost immediately, gasping for breath as she
steadied herself against the wall.  Her fingers were sopping wet with
cunt cream, and she had nothing to wipe them off on.
 
A janitor suddenly came through the door with a mop bucket, and Jenny
jumped back startled.  She quickly pulled her arm from under her skirt
and smoothed back her hair, trying to maintain at least some dignity,
but it was obvious to both people that she had been caught jerking herself
off in a public corridor.  The janitor leered at her as she walked past 
him out of the stairwell, her heart pounding in her chest, and her face 
reddened with shame.
 
She licked her hand clean and went back into the classroom.  Lisa smiled
up at her knowingly.  Jenny went to her logbook, and recorded the event.
She looked up and saw that, mercifully, Lisa had closed her thighs, and
was just sitting attentively.  She sat quietly and even took notes.  When
the class was over and the students were all filing out, she dropped an
envelope on Jenny's desk, gave her a smile and bounced out, chasing after
Julie-Anne.  She would probably be sucking at the red-haired girls' tits
before 10 minutes were up, thought Jenny glumly.
 
Jenny picked up the envelope, which had a faint scent of sex, and tucked
it into her bag.  Back in her office, she opened it and saw that it
contained Lisa's instructions for Jenny for Wednesday.  Jenny was to wear 
a tight tube-dress with no bra or panties, just like the porno-actresses 
did in X-rated movies, so that all Jenny would have to do would be to 
slip the dress over her head, and she would be totally naked.  She was 
to shave her pussy, carefully douche herself, and give herself a strong 
enema to clean out her body completely.   
 
Before Lisa would arrive, Jenny was to hang out in the hotel bar and pick
up businessmen, inviting them up to the room to give them blowjobs.  She
was not to swallow their cum, but to spit it into one of the water glasses
in the bathroom.  She would have to fill the glass with cum, or else face
Lisa's punishment of choice.  While giving the blowjobs, she would have to 
be naked, and would have to blow the men in front of a camcorder hidden in
the closet.  
 
When she had finished collecting gism, Jenny was to chain herself to the
bed, and blindfold and gag herself.  Until Lisa showed up, she was to
masturbate with a vibrating dildo in view of the hidden camcorder, only
she was not to climax.  If Lisa saw Jenny cumming on the tape, she would
not only close her cunt to Jenny's tongue, but would pass the word among 
all the lesbian sluts in school that Jenny was also off-limits.
 
Fearful of making Lisa angry, Jenny followed her instructions to the 
letter.  She wore the skimpy tube top she had been ordered to, along with 
the sluttiest accessories she could find.  With her loud makeup and fuck-me
shoes, she looked even more whorish than the sluts in adult films.  The 
dress was little more than a knit tube of cloth with thin shoulder straps
to keep it up.  The tight fabric clung to her chest and hips like a body
stocking, and there was no secret about the curvy body within.  Her erect
nipples showed through clearly, and when she walked the dress clung like
a glove to her ass cheeks.
 
Jenny felt like the filthiest street hooker when she walked in the bar on
Wednesday.  She could feel the eyes of the men in the place turn towards her
in unison as she approached the bar and ordered a white wine. The hemline
of the tube came only down to the middle of her hips, and since she wore no 
panties, when she sat on the bar stool, every guy in the place could see her 
crotch and ass as the dress hiked up.  She swiveled around to look at the 
room, opening her thighs slightly as she perched on the stool, knowing that
she was exposing her swollen, shaved cunt to the world.
 
Cool air blew over her pussy lips, and her little clit budded right up and
stuck out like a pencil eraser.  A little puddle of juice began collecting
at the base of her pussy as she felt herself getting excited by her squalid
position, and soon the seat of the stool was greasy with her cream.  Jenny
squirmed her ass back and forth, spreading her ass cheeks even more on the
smooth warm vinyl surface.
 
A guy from the end of the bar got up and started to walk towards her...
 
....
 
 
In total, Jenny had to blow 27 guys to fill her glass.  It took her two
hours.  Most of the men wanted to fuck her as well when they saw her 
curvaceous nude body.  It wasn't too hard to find willing men in the bar.
After the third suck, the bartender caught on that she was ready to be 
taken by any man with a cock, and starting sent men over to her.  She 
could see him pointing her out, and whispering.  The words 'slut' and 
'nympho' were all she could make out, but whatever he was saying, she had 
a generous supply of willing men to pump their dicks in her warm mouth.
 
With the glass full, and her mouth and cunt exhausted, Jenny sank into 
the bed, and began to plunge the vibrator up her cunt after she had bound 
herself securely with the chains, mask and gag as she had been ordered.
 
She would work herself up to cumming, but then hold back and pull the dildo
out of her pussy, allowing it to calm down.  At first it took a minute or
two before she could feel the stirrings of her impending orgasm, but after
four or five times, she could barely poke at her clit without approaching
the edge.  Jenny thought she might be able to hide her cum from Lisa, but
thought better of it.  The bitch knew so much about sex, she could probably
tell Jenny's entire sexual history from a glance at her face.  There would
be no way to hide what would be an outrageous sexual burst from Lisa's
careful eyes.  Almost tearfully, Jenny continued to masturbate herself to
the point of climax for half an hour before she heard Lisa's key in the door.
 
Jenny had been a good slut, and had obeyed her mistress well.  The glass
of gism was filled to the brim, and she had not cum without permission.
All of Jenny's whorish actions were recorded on tape, which Lisa could
(and probably would) use as blackmail against Jenny to get her to do anything
the bitch wanted.  Jenny's very career had been placed in Lisa's hands.
 
Surely Jenny deserved to be rewarded by her mistress.  Surely Lisa would
let her cum, and would let Jenny suckle at her tasty cunt.  Surely no
further punishment would be meted out.
 
Surely.
 
To be continued...
  
 
 
