Glance
by deirdre

I stared.  Just for two seconds, but I stood there, dumb, forgetting 
where I was.  This woman next door had just stood up, presumably 
after sunbathing, and walked to her back door wearing the skimpiest 
thong bikini I could imagine, and I was caught unawares.

I caught myself and turned away, glancing back only once as she was 
disappearing into the house next door.  Turning around, there was 
Laurel.  My wife's sister.  She was looking right at me, and suddenly 
she had this expression on her face that said *I saw exactly what 
you were doing*.  *And wouldn't my sister be interested to know* I 
mentally added to her presumed thoughts.  Often I couldn't tell what 
Laurel was thinking, but at that moment it was distressingly clear.  
I felt a momentary rush of panic--would Laurel make something out 
of this with Beth?

It wouldn't go over well with Beth.  I walked over to Laurel.  She 
gave me this little smile that was both sly and condescending.  I felt 
nervous again--what was she up to?

"What's with you?"  I asked.  I didn't keep my voice down, but 
actually I didn't talk really loudly either.

"Won't *Beth* be surprised at what *I* saw?"  she replied.  "Gawking 
at that bimbo."  I glanced back at Beth, who was cooking on the grill.  
Laurel didn't seem to feel the need to keep her voice low at all.

"You don't *really* need to mention anything," I said casually.  And 
quietly.

Suddenly her hand was cupped around my cock!  Just for a second.  
"So you got hard looking at her?"  I stared.  I couldn't believe she 
just did that.  "Beth will *definitely* be interested."

"What's gotten into you?"  I asked, just above a whisper.  She grinned 
at me.

"You'd better come in the house," she said.  She turned and went, still 
grinning.  I followed.

We reached her kitchen and she turned around.  "Well, Beth gets the 
*true* story of what I saw, or ..."

"Or what?"

"Or *you pay*."  I wondered what she could be thinking of.  She 
grinned this evil grin again.  I stared at her a moment.

"How?" I finally replied.

"A deal," she said.  "I don't tell Beth about your nasty little 
fantasies, if you ... show me your cock!"

"What!?"  I said, my mind spinning.  This was unbelievable.  "Listen, 
you're ..."

"Show me your cock *right now* and I stay mum about it.  Come on: 
unzip your pants and pull it out.  Just a minute and we're all done."

Was she after me?  Things were going so fast--thoughts were 
flashing through my head.

"Hurry, or no deal!  Pull it out and no word about the bimbo."  She was 
still grinning.  I stared at her for a second, grinning away--then I 
unzipped my pants.  I opened the zipper and dug through my briefs 
and pulled out my cock.

"Look at that puny thing!" she said.  I looked down.  There was a click 
and I looked up and she had a camera in her hand!

"Laurel!"  I gasped.  She put down the camera and ran, and I went over 
to it, pushing my cock back in my pants.  It was an instant camera.  I 
glanced at it, but knew immediately that she had the snapshot!  I 
followed her, zipping my pants, but she was out in the back yard, 
walking nonchalantly toward Beth, no no snapshot anywhere to be 
seen!  She could have it hidden on her, or she could have stuffed it 
some place along the way.  I slowed to a walk and went back into the 
back yard.

Laurel never left Beth's company the whole time we were eating, and 
I never got a chance to say anything to her alone.  All the way home, 
I found myself wrapped in my thoughts and Beth caught me not 
listening to her several times.  I couldn't believe this.  What had 
gotten into Laurel?

The next day I was still worrying.  I got home before Beth and 
immediately tried calling Laurel.

"Wasn't it friendly of you to call?" she said, "Beth is going to *love* 
this picture I have in my hand."

"You said you wouldn't tell her!"  I returned.

"I won't say a *word* about my next-door neighbor," she answered, 
"but *this* ..."

"What do you want!"  I said.  I discovered I was keeping my voice 
down, frantic as I was, even though Beth wasn't home yet.

"Come over tonight at 8."

"What'll I tell Beth?"

"Your problem.  Be here!"  She hung up.

I was pacing till Beth got home and was distracted again.  This was 
a side of Laurel that I never would have imagined!  Beth got home and 
we ate and I made up some excuse about going out.

Laurel met me at the door.  She had a huge smile on her face again.

"What do you want!" I said once we were in her living room.

"Oh, first I think you had better understand," she answered, "I'm 
*going* to give that picture to Beth . . . if you fail to do *exactly* 
what I say."  I stared.  She had gone power-mad or something.  
"Understand?"

"Listen, you're crazy!"  I finally replied.

"Understand?  I think I'll visit Beth tomorrow at work."

"Laurel, what's gotten into you?"

"Understand?  I want a *yes*!"

I paused.  "Yes," I finally replied.  What was I getting into?

She paused just a second.  Then she said with a little smile, "*I* 
want some respect . . . get down on your knees!"  I thought a little 
about it and then got down so I was standing on my knees.

"Good!" she said, "Pull down your pants!"

"Listen, Laurel . . . "

"No need to talk.   Pull down your pants *now*, or I have lunch with 
Beth tomorrow and show her the picture."  I unbuckled my belt and 
pulled down my pants to my knees.  "Underpants too."  What could I 
do?

"Aren't you cute now?" she went on.  "Now, masturbate."

"Laurel!"

"Quiet!  Masturbate right now!  Hand on your cock!"

"Laurel!"

"Shut your mouth right now!  No more talk!"

I knelt there, wondering what to do.  "Do it!" she added.  I put my hand 
on my cock and started to stroke.  I couldn't believe I was doing this.  
"Good boy," she said quietly and grinned at me.  I was getting harder.  
"Keep on until you come!"

I stroked and stroked, my cock getting harder.  She just watched.  We 
were both silent, just me stroking myself, getting harder and harder.

I knew I was just about ready.  She still watched, smiling.  I thought 
about the floor--she didn't seem to care.  I just continued, finally 
coming right onto her living-room carpet.  She just watched.  I 
stayed there kneeling, wondering what to do next.

She jumped up and left, returning in a second with the snapshot!  She 
gave it to me and told me it was my reward for a job well done, and 
told me I'd better be heading home.  I was up in a flash and getting 
my pants up again and out the door.  The picture was confetti before 
I started the car and I actually took the trouble to throw it away in a 
public receptacle before reaching home.  I felt so relieved.

The next day when I arrived home, Laurel was there!  She gave me a 
bag, told me to have fun and left!

It was a video tape.  I had a sinking feeling, then wondered about it.  
I put it in the VCR.  Yes, it was me, masturbating.  In five seconds, it 
stopped, switching to a shot at a piece of paper.  The paper said *My 
house, 8PM, tonight*.  I couldn't believe this.  I immediately erased 
the tape.

I stared at Beth during supper.  Would she believe this?  Her 
husband?  And her sister?  The crazy woman!

Laurel met me at the door.  As soon as I was in, she said "On your 
knees."  I looked at her for a second.  Then I got down, right there, 
just inside her front door.

"Pants and underpants down!"

"Laurel!"

"Do it!  Quiet!"  I did it.  "Pull them all the way off."  I struggled.  
"Take off the shoes too!"  It took a while, but I did it.  "Now the 
shirt!"  I was nude.  She pulled out a camera and started snapping 
pictures.

"Laurel!"

"Quiet!  Not another word!"  She kept on snapping.  Then she pulled out 
a camcorder.  "Get yourself hard!  No talking!" she said before I said 
anything.  I couldn't believe this.

"OK, that's enough," she said when my cock was standing on its own.  
"Walk in here on your knees," she said, backing into the living room.  
I followed.  She looked at me.  "Say *yes mistress*."  I paused. "*Say 
it!*"

"Yes mistress."

"Good!  Whenever I tell you to do something, answer that way."  She 
paused.  "*Say it!*"

"Yes mistress."  I couldn't believe this.  Laurel *was* crazy.

"Put your hands on the floor!"  I did it, ending up on my hands and 
knees.

"You need to train your mind."  She walked over and got a leather 
belt.  "You're forgetting how you're supposed to answer.  Say it!"

"Yes mistress."

"Stand up!"  I stood up.  She smacked my rear with the belt.

"*Ow*!"

"Shut up! ... On your hands and knees again!"  I got back down.  Again 
the belt on my rear!  It really hurt.

"Yes mistress?" she said.

"Yes mistress."

"Stand up."

"Yes mistress," I said and stood.

"You're not so stupid after all." she said.  "Down on all fours again!"

"Yes mistress."  I got down.

"You might just learn.  Kiss my shoes."  She held her foot toward my 
head.  I leaned over.  The belt smacked my rear.

"Yes mistress."  I kissed.

"You've forgotten five times.  I'm going to whip you before you go one 
more time for each time you forgot.  Five so far."

"Yes mistress."

"Lie face down on the floor and hold your hands behind your back."

"Yes mistress."  When I was flat, she grabbed one of my wrists and I 
heard a click.  Handcuffs!  My wrists were fastened in seconds.

"On you're knees!"

"Yes mistress."  She had a dildo--a realistic fake cock.  She brought 
it to my mouth.

"Open your mouth."

"Yes mistress."  I opened it.  She pushed it in and started sliding it in 
and out.  She held the back of my head for leverage.  Then she pulled 
it out.

"Walk on your knees over to that ottoman and lean over it."

"Yes mistress."  I walked.  I leaned.  My hands were on my back and 
my rear was hanging off the side.  She grabbed one of my cheeks and 
spread and started pushing the cock into my rear.

"Hey!"  She pulled it away and then I felt the belt!  And again, three 
times.

''That's three times later, too!"

"Yes, mistress."

"Relax your rear."

"Yes, mistress."   She was pushing it again.  She pushed hard.

"Relax!"  I actually ended up scooting with the ottoman till it hit the 
couch.

"Yes, mistress."  It entered.  She pushed and it was inside me.  It 
seemed huge and I'd never felt anythig like it.  She was gone and I 
heard her snapping pictures again.  I heard her giggle.

"Stand up and don't drop it."

"Yes mistress."  I stood.  It stayed.

"On your knees!"

"Yes mistress."  She seemed to just like moving me around.  The 
doorbell rang!  She walked over to get it while I was still in the 
middle of the room, kneeling, nude, handcuffed, and with the fake 
cock in my rear!

Laurel was talking and then a woman walked in!

"Remember my next-door neighbor?" she asked.  I stared--it was the 
woman who had been in the bikini, looking at me, grinning.  The belt 
found my rear!  "You've forgotten you're training all ready!"

"Yes, mistress."

"As you can see, your little show worked to perfection," said Laurel.  
She was talking to the woman who smiled and looked at me.

"You liked my bikini?" she asked.

"Yes, uh, mistress." I answered.  The belt found my rear again.

"To her, you answer, *yes mistress Carla*."

"Yes, mistress."

"You want to see my bikini again?" asked Carla.

"Yes, mistress Carla."

"Now?"

"Yes, mistress Carla."

"Fat chance, pig." and she smirked at me.

"Yes, mistress Carla."  Laurel walked up to her and turned facing me 
and nonchalantly put her hand right on Carla's breast!

"Enjoying the show, pig?"

"Yes, mistress."  She continued her caress, through Carla's blouse, 
both of them watching me.  They just continued like that for more 
than a minute.  Then I noticed Carla breathing harder.  She continued 
a little more and Carla looked like she was really getting into it.  
Then she stopped.

"That's enough for *you* to see!" she said to me.

"Yes, mistress."  Carla looked a little taken aback that she had 
stopped in the middle of things.

"Well, it's time for the wimp to go back to his wife," said Laurel and 
she unhandcuffed me.  "Here," she said, handing me a video tape.  The 
original?  It didn't really matter what with all the snapshots and 
recording she had done since.

The next day when I got home from work, both Laurel and Carla were 
there, *with Beth*!  They were looking at snapshots if me!

"How could you do this?" started Beth, looking at me as if I were a 
monster.  Carla stood next to her close.  She put her arm around Beth.  
"How *could* you?" she repeated, almost sobbing.  I stood there, my 
mouth hanging open, not knowing what to say.

"Come here," said Laurel, motioning me to the front door.  I stared at 
Beth and then started to approach.

"Keep *away* from me!" she said, almost screaming.

"Here!" said Laurel.  I didn't know what to do.  I went to the front 
door and Laurel led me out.  To her car.

In the car, she said "Unzip your pants."

"Fuck you!"

"Unzip them.  *Now!*  There's your friends at work and your parents, 
you know."  I sat there thinking.  I needed to talk to Beth.  But not yet 
. . . it would be impossible.  I could get her to understand.

"I said *Now*!  Let me think . . . you work at . . . "

Laurel the bitch still had me.  I unzipped my pants.

"That's a good boy.  How do you answer me?"

"Yes mistress."

"Stroke it.  Stroke it and you'll feel better."

"Yes mistress,"  I had no choice.  None.  We pulled into a driveway.  It 
wasn't hers.  It was next door to hers.

"Out of the car!"  I started to put my cock back.  "Leave it out!"  I 
froze and thought again.  In broad daylight?  "You're punishment is 
adding up.  Where are your manners?"  I got out.

"Yes mistress."

"To the house."

"Yes mistress."  I walked.  At least I was facing away from the 
street.  She opened the door and I walked in.

"Here's your slave," she said.  There was a guy in the room.  He was 
huge--tall and muscular--and blond and tan.  He walked over and 
looked me up and down.

"On your knees!" she said.  I knelt.  "Suck him off."  I froze.

"Do it!  And mind your manners!"

"Yes mistress."  I unzipped his pants.  He made no move to help me.  
Laurel giggled.  "I'll leave you two alone," she said and she was gone!  
The guy grabbed me and soon was fucking my mouth, pushing his cock 
in, hard, holding my head with both hands!  I wasn't doing anything--
just going along for the ride so to speak.  I felt cum in my mouth.

"Swallow," he said.  One word.  He was so strong, there was no 
escape.  I swallowed.

Immediately I found myself kneeling, leaning toward the floor and he 
was fastening my hands together.  He ripped my clothes off, literally 
tearing my shirt.  Then he took a belt and marched me around, and 
downstairs into the basement.  He had me lay face down on a cot.  He 
was on top of me in seconds, and I felt him guiding his cock into my 
rear.

"You're a little treat," he said and laughed.  I just lay there as he 
pounded away, feeling there was nothing I could do.  I felt him come 
again and then he was up and off me.

"Lay there, slut," he said and went upstairs.  I lay there, not moving.  
He was down again in a minute and suddenly there was pain going 
through my rear.  He had a belt or whip or something.

"Stand!"  I stood up.

"Address me as master."

"Yes master."

"You learn fast.  Lie down and get your rest."  Was I staying here?

"Yes master."  He laughed again and went upstairs.  I stared at the 
cot.  My hands were still fastened behind me.  I hadn't had supper or 
anything.  I lay down, on my stomach.

I lay there thinking about my situation.  It was actually unbelievable 
what I was doing.  How could this have happened to me?  I stared at 
the wall.

Pain.  In my rear.  It was light--obviously a new day.

"To the bathroom, now!"

"Yes, master."  I stood up.  The strap was on my rear again.  I wasn't 
moving fast enough, I guess.  I looked around, wondering which way 
to go.

"Up the stairs, fuck-off."

"Yes, master."  I reached the top of the stairs in the kitchen.  He 
reached the kitchen too and pushed me toward one of the doors.  
"Bathroom's that way, asshole."

"Yes, master."

"Wait!"  He grabbed me.  "Come in here, first."  He pulled me the other 
way, back to the living room.  Someone was coming downstairs.  It 
was two women.  Carla, and . . . Beth!   Carla was dressed in jeans 
and a blouse, but Beth had on nothing but a completely transparent, 
short nightgown with no panties!  Carla pulled Beth over and kissed 
her.  Beth giggled and let her.  She glanced at me and giggled and 
looked back at Carla.  Carla had her hand on Beth's rear and pushed 
her fingers between her legs.  Beth responded by turning toward me, 
so Carla was behind her.  I happened to glance around the room.  On 
the table were two pictures in a frame: me kneeling, jerking off and 
Beth kneeling naked, sucking on that dildo.  Carla pulled Beth's body 
against her own so Beth's back was pressed against her front, and 
reached around in front of her and started fingering her cunt.  Beth 
grinned at me, but at the same time her mouth was open and I could 
tell she was getting excited and her breathing was affected.  She 
looked up from me, at the ceiling.  Carla had one hand on her cunt and 
the other on one of her breasts.  "She's *so* easy," she said to me.  
There was a noise on the stairs.  Laurel was sitting on a stair, near 
the top, looking half asleep.  She was dressed just like Beth.
