				THE GLASS BAR

     In 1967 Columbus, Ohio was still a relatively boring place to live. 
It has since grown amazingly into a thriving metropolis with fine
restaurants, night life and a great deal of diversity.  In 1967, however,
the Ohio State campus was the only place in town where there was any
excitement and that excitement, in my opinion, was too loud and raucous. 
The bars had the music systems turned up so loud you had to shout at the
person next to you to carry on even a few scraps of conversation.  The
quiet bars there were dull ones, usually frequented by older, local folk.
     I have never been a real "drinker" anyway.  I don't like beer and
like dry, white wines but one glass at a time.  Daquiris and other drinks
with gin are nice if sweetened but they can disorient me pretty quickly. 
A nice bar, however, can give me access to one pleasure.  I like watching
people.  At a mall, I take a break from shopping to watch people and can
become entranced.  But people at a bar are far more interesting to watch.
     About three or four miles from the Ohio State campus, where my fiance
(now my husband) was going to school at the time, was a bar called The
Glass Bar.  We had gone there together and I had enjoyed it.  Not only
was there an interesting diversity of people there to watch but it was
well-lit and the music was played softly.  People actually danced there, too.
      One night, Bob and I had gone out and I had driven to meet him.  At
about midnight, after our date, I was driving toward home up the business
thoroughfare and was nearing the location of the Glass Bar.
     I had been raised in a semi-religious family and am of Scot-Irish
extraction.  I was taught not to drink *ever*, not even a drop.  Bob had
loosened me up on that and other matters.  Still, I was a young, 21 year
old prim and proper girl with red hair and looked more like a "good girl"
than one who would go into a bar alone.  That fact probably gave me the
feeling of safety to do it.  Yes, I'd go in there and order a Daquiri or a
Gin and Tonic and watch people.
     As I walked into the bar, I noticed that the limited number of tables
were occupied but there were some seats at the bar.  I spotted one bar
stool near the back where I could sit and watch people from a fairly good
vantage point and so went there and ordered my drink.
     When my drink arrived I swiveled my stool enough to be able to look
around toward the front and behind me and I sipped.  Next to me was a
woman who appeared to be five to ten years older than me.  Next to her was
the man she was with and he looked to be at least 35 (an *older* guy :)
     After several minutes, the woman next to me looked my direction and
asked me if I was alone.  I told her I was.  She was very friendly and
asked me my name and then introduced herself, her boyfriend (the older
guy) and then a younger guy on the next stool further away.  I will assign
them the names of Sally, her boyfriend John and the younger guy Jim...I
have long since forgotten their names.
    Sally and I talked for some time and she told me about how her
boyfriend and her were going to get married soon and where they were going
to go on their honeymoon.  It was somewhere exotic.  We talked about other
things and her boyfriend, John, joined in the discussion from time to time
and seemed like a nice guy too.  Their friend, Jim, was just busy drinking.
     John was not the kind of guy I would have thought of as being
attractive.  He was not fat or ugly but besides being "older" he also
looked just a little rough around the edges.  Well worn.  Devious.  Sally
was a tall girl, I suppose 5'11" or taller and a natural blonde and
attractive.  She was very well built and proportioned for her height.
     After a lot of friendly conversation I was just thinking of leaving
soon.  At that time, John leaned forward and looked around Sally and asked
me if I'd mind going to his place with him, Sally and Jim.  He had booze
at the apartment and I'd be welcome to join them there.  My first instinct
was to say no, of course, but I had already "stretched" my
good-little-girl image just coming in here alone.  I was on a roll.  Plus,
these were nice people I could trust.  Probably nothing would "happen" and
if it did...well...
     I followed them in my car and we drove north toward the city limits
and the apartment complex was so near my home I felt comfortable with
being there.  They were nice apartments.  The four of us entered John's
apartment and sat down in his living room area and talked.  John poured
some drinks and we were there about thirty minutes when John and Sally
excused themselves and walked together to a hallway which went to a
bedroom, I was sure.  Hmmmmmmm.....
     I was alone with Jim.  Jim had been quiet, which might have been
his usual nature or might not have been.  He was drunk.  I could tell he
could not focus his mind on anything.  I had felt the same way myself
before and felt a little sorry for him.
     The television was on and we watched something stupid for a while and
I felt Jim's arm slide over my shoulders and I scrunched down in the couch
a little to make it more comfortable for him.  He mumbled something and I
looked at him and his eyes were unfocused.  He wanted to do something.  I
leaned toward him to kiss him and he folded backward onto the couch and I
was on top of him.  I don't think he meant to lay back like that but his
motor skills were obviously impaired.  I became curious whether any other
skills were also impaired.
     Since I was laying on top of him and he couldn't fall back any
further, I kissed him.  He smelled like whiskey and he weakly kissed back.
His hands groped clumsily on my back and I could tell he was not going to
be a real sexpot.  I decided to rape him.
     The bed was squeaking in the next room and so I knew John and Sally
were busy.  I worked up a sweat taking the clothes off of Jim with little
help from him because he was semi-conscious.  As I removed his underwear I
saw that I had some work to do.  He was as limp as a cooked noodle.  I
tried working him up by hand but wasn't getting anywhere and so I put my
mouth around him and began to suck and lubricate and go up and down his
soft shaft.  He was slowly coming to life and I removed my own clothes and
then continued.  It took quite a while but eventually he was as hard as he
was going to get.  He was only dimly aware what was going on but was
moaning either in ecstacy or drunkenness as I swung over top of him and
placed his rigid cock into my pussy.  He lay there motionless as I used
his stiff tool to please myself.  I was surprised that I could get as
aroused as I was without any active assistance on his part but there was a
sick thrill, perhaps, in "raping" him and using his tool.  I caressed my
own tits and nipples.  While riding him, I fingered my own clitoris and as
my level of arousal arose I jammed him deeper and deeper.  The feelings of
arousal were aided by a light anger at him for not even noticing.  It was
a vengeance fuck and I was going to take him.
     After some time of humping him faster and harder and getting more and
more a thrill out of being angry, I began to feel the electric surges
begin, starting in my thighs and also deep inside my pussy and going out
to the top of my head, the ends of my fingers and the soles of my feet.  I
was catching my breath and screaming, perhaps very loudly and trembling in
an extremely satisfying orgasm when I was startled beyond belief.
     I had forgotten where I was and who I was with.  I was in someplace
without time or geography.  I was both blind and deaf.  My fair skin was
blotchy with red spots from arousal and my legs and feet were still
shaking with the tremors of orgasm when I was shocked into reality by
something.  John and Sally were standing inches away from me, behind the
back of the couch, applauding.  They were both clapping and John was
whistling.  I was shocked into a coldness which filled me.  I looked down
at Jim and he was asleep.
     "Great performance, Cathy!", chuckled John.
     "Yeah, we were hoping Jim would get laid sometime," said Sally, "but
our efforts up until now have been in vain!"
     I had regained my senses and felt very awkward kneeling over Jim with
his cock stuffed into me, butt naked and I looked down at Jim.  He
appeared to be sound asleep.
     "It is too bad he wasn't here to enjoy it", I added, still a little
shaky.
     "Cathy," said John, "come in here with us.  We are not tired or
drunk.  We are having a great time in here.  Join us?"
     I could feel a giant tingle in my tummy and it had nothing to do with
the crashing orgasm I had just experienced nor with the probably eight
ounces of gin and tonic I had drunk the whole evening.  It had to do with
fear and excitement and adventure.
     "Sure!"
     Inside the bedroom the lights were on and very bright.  On the bed
the sheets, covers and pillows were strewn and messed up.  Even the bottom
fitted sheet had been yanked out of its corners and the mattress showed.
     John continued, "We just thought that maybe you and Jim would 'hit
it off' but weren't sure until your screams drowned out all the noise we
were making in here!"
     "And I knew John was too drunk to be of much assistance," added
Sally, "and so I hope you don't mind that extreme curiosity got the best
of us."
     All three of us were naked.  Sally and John sat down on the bed about
three feet apart from each other and Sally smiled at me and patted the
edge of the bed between them.  "You seem scared," she observed.
     "I've never done this before," I added, probably a bit demurely.
     "It won't hurt," joked John.
     I sat down between them and they both gently caressed me as the three
of us remained in a seated position at the edge of the bed.  John was
caressing my back and breasts gently and Sally was caressing my thighs.  I
wondered what would happen next.
     It was Sally who made the first move.  She got off the edge of the
bed and knealt down in front of me, spreading my thighs apart.  John
stopped caressing me and watched as Sally placed her head slowly toward my
red pubic patch and I could hear him gasp as she reached my pussy with her
lips and looked up at me with beautiful eyes.  I spread my legs wider and
she began to lick the outer folds of my pussy.  After awhile she was
licking inside and then deeper and deeper.  As she began to bring me to
arousal I laid back on the bed because it almost felt like her tongue was
going so deep that I would inhibit its penetration by being in a sitting
position.  So I laid back and wanted her tongue to go deeper and deeper
into my cavity...into my body...deeeeep.
     Soon I was squirming and Sally had her arms and hands wrapped around
my thighs to keep me from flying away from her mouth.  I looked up and
John was still sitting there next to me looking back upon me and at Sally
eating me.  He had a very satisfied smile on his face.
     "Oh, come here," I begged him, "come over me and let me eat you."
     He crawled over the top of me until his hard dick was swaying in the
breeze above my nose.  I grabbed it with one hand and jammed it into my
mouth and while Sally ate me I ate him
     Soon I could feel my second orgasm of the evening coming on.  At the
same time John was moaning pretty loudly and I could feel the "tension" in
his dick which I knew meant that he was close too.  At about the same
instant we came together.  Spurts of warm cum went down my throat and that
was not only the first time I had tasted it but also, because of my own
breathing spasms in the midst of my own orgasm, I feared it would choke me
and so I pulled him out of my mouth and turned my head to the side,
choking and spitting the foaming cum at the same time as having my own
orgasm.  It was one of the rare times that I was "conscious" of my orgasm.
The conscious effort to keep from choking awoke me in the middle of it and
I looked down with blurry vision as Sally was still licking as my legs
were stiff and extended over the edge of the bed, shaking violently.  The
whole bed was shaking and, somewhat to my surprise, I was causing it.
     John had slid away and was laying on the bed groaning, still in
orgasm, I guess.  All three of us then layed together on the bed and Sally
took a corner of a pillow case and wiped the cum from my face and mouth
and then she kissed me.  She kissed me deeply and it suddenly hit me, the
oddity of kissing a woman.  As she kissed I noticed that her kiss was
tender.  It was the kind of kiss a woman would invent as a preference for
herself.
     "Oh," I said to Sally, "you haven't cum yet.  Can I help you?"
     "Oh, yeah, do you think you can eat me?"
     She laid on her back and I placed myself between her legs and began. 
I had never seen a woman's pussy before from this vantage point.  I
marveled at the beauty and ugliness at the same time.  The little inner
lips pouting out from inside the bigger, outer lips and the little
clitoris bud hidden between the folds at the top.  I started my licking
the clitoris gently and pulling on it with suction on my lips and popping
it out and releasing it like a little rubber band to pop back. After
alternating the licking and popping for just a few minutes Sally began to
grind her hips and rotate her ass.  I took a free hand and pressed it
gently against her asshole and then slightly inside and her grinding and
rotating became wilder.
     I had totally forgotten about John until he placed the palms of his
hands on the sides of my hips and guided his dick deep into my pussy
doggie style.  Sally was now arching her back and bucking like a horse
in a stall.  Her butt was flying off the bed and slamming back deep into
the mattress making it very difficult for me to keep my tongue in place. 
My arms were wrapped around her thighs and so I cupped my hands over the
top of them and her hips to steady her and jammed my tongue as deep as it
would go and alternated licking her clitoris.  As she was bounding about
she was making screams low in her throat, almost like an animal sound.  As
I licked I looked up and over her belly and large breasts which were
heaving and between the mounds of her breasts her head was leaning up
against the headboard and her normally pretty face was contorted.  Her
eyes were stretched wide open but they were turned inward or upward and
only the whites of her eyes could be seen.  Her jaw was stretched as wide
open as it could be with her mouth forming a large oval and her tongue was
curved upward and outward inside her mouth.  Saliva was dripping down from
the corner of her mouth uncontrollably and with each jump of her body her
head banged against the headboard.
     The whole experience of her orgasm is as fresh in my mind as if it
had happened yesterday.  I was spellbound with the excitement of
experiencing the orgasm from outside my own body.  I wondered if I
responded the same ways because I had always been curious what had taken
place during those dark, silent and breathless moments of my own orgasms. 
Now I was seeing it firsthand, just as the men I had fucked had seen me. 
It was grotesque but very beautiful.  It caused me to try as hard as I
could to bring her over that "edge" which I enjoyed and anticipated and
had developed an almost constant yearning for.
     I was busy watching her orgasm and tasting her juices when I felt my
own begining.  John had been pumping me from behind and the pace had
picked up considerably.  As he smacked his groin against my butt, each
thrusting stroke forced my face deeper into Sally's crotch and, as a
result, my tongue deeper into her cunt.  In a way, I felt like a battering
ram which John was using to drive into her.
     Finally, after much time, I lost track of Sally's orgasm because I
was in the midst of my own.  John had straightened up and placed his hands
on my feet which were pointed into the air on either side of him and he
did something with his thumbs into my arches which sent a million volts of
sexual electricity surging upward to my torso and the orgasm I experienced
was like a nuclear bomb and lasted so long that by the time I "came to"
and was finishing my involuntary spasms in my legs, feet and torso, John
and Sally were seated together beside me, watching as an audience.  So I
don't know how long I had been spastic.  My husband and I have videotaped
some of our sex to view for our own entertainment and that is the only
time I have ever seen the nature and extent of my own orgastic reactions.
But in 1967, it was all new to me and Sally's orgasm was the closest thing
I would ever see to my own orgasms for years to come.
     When I was done flopping like a freshly caught fish on their bed,
John and Sally laid down with me and the three of us "cooled down".  I
could see by a clock in the bedroom that it was 3:00 am and in a few hours
I would be up getting ready for work.
     "Mmmmm, I hate to go, but I have to be at work in the morning"
     "So do we, but I think we could go the rest of the night and just pay
for it tomarrow!", Sally smiled.
     "You are a hot young lady," John said, "Just how old are you?"
     "Twenty one."
     "Well, if you must go, then you must," said Sally, "but I do hope
you'll come back again or meet us at the Glass Bar.  We go there often."
     Now, when I am in Columbus, Ohio and am driving or riding up
Olentangy River Road, I always look for the Glass Bar on the east side of
the road and it hasn't been there for years.  In fact, I have forgotten
which building it was to know whether it is a bar or not.  It was one of
Bob's favorite places too and he has mentioned it as we have driven up
that road and I usually say, "Yeah, it's a shame it is gone...we had some
good times there didn't we?"
     "Yeah," he says.  But he has never known that my mental image of a
good time there consists of Sally's face staring sightless at me through
her well-formed breasts and over her flat belly.




