Glasses
by parker

"Cynth... wake up. You don't want to miss this!"

I rolled over on the couch and sat up groggily. My throat was
parched and my stomach felt like it was doing backflips. I
recognized the feeling: a hangover. There had been a party at my
friend Lisa's place last night, and I had somehow ended up
sleeping on the couch, wearing nothing but one of Lisa's
oversized tee shirts.

"Cynthia!"

It was Lisa. She seemed excited about something. She never used
my full name unless she was upset or excited. Her long, black
hair swirled around her head as she ran up to the couch and
tugged insistently on my arm. I squinted up at her, trying to
make out just what was so urgent.

"Come on!"

I groaned, looking around for my glasses. I'm pretty short
sighted; I can get about OK without the glasses, but everything
was kind of blurry. As I looked, I tried to piece together the
events of the previous evening. How on earth had I ended up on
the couch?  I don't usually drink so much. I had arrived at the
party with Bob...

No need to go any further. It all fell into place. Or at least
some of it. Bob and I had been going out for about six months
now, but things weren't going so well. Bob was one of those macho
guys; always pushing, always trying to get me to do things I
didn't really want to do. Sexual things. His insistence and my
refusal had been causing a lot of tension between us and it kind
of blew up last night. We had broken up in a very messy, very
public way. Afterward, I had started in on the booze...

OK. Now I knew. "Lisa," I mumbled, allowing myself to be pulled
off the couch, "my glasses."

"Don't worry about them. You can see well enough for this." She
ignored my protests and dragged me down the hall into the living
room. I didn't struggle much. To tell the truth, I was feeling
more than a little queasy, and it was all I could do just to stay
on my feet. While we walked, I reviewed the events of the
previous evening; trying once again to figure out just how I had
ended up on Lisa's couch. It was all hazy, though; everything
after Bob and I broke up.

"Sit."

"What's going on?"

"Just watch." She threw an arm over my shoulder to hold me in
place. With her other arm, she reached over, picked up the remote
control and turned on the TV. At first, the screen was covered
with the grey static of snow. Then the video began.

It was a bedroom. Two girls were lying on a large mattress.
Naked, as far as I could tell. I squinted, trying to make out the
details, but it was no use. I was sitting too far away. One of
the girls put her arm around the other and drew her closer. If my
vision could be trusted, they seemed to be kissing. I couldn't
see properly, but the sounds of moaning through the small TV
speaker told me my guess was accurate.

"Lisa..."

"Shhh..." Her arm tightened around my shoulder. For the first
time, I noticed that it was bare; like me, she was only wearing a
tee shirt.

I turned my attention back to the screen.The two girls were now
lying down, still kissing, running their hands up and down each
other's slender bodies. I squirmed, wanting to stop watching, but
unable to pull away. I was extremely conscious of Lisa's arm as
it lay, encircling my shoulder.

A loud cracking sound burst from the TV speaker, and one of the
girls shifted on the bed so that they were now lying head to toe.
The girl on the bottom had her legs spread. Another cracking
sound - what *was* that? - and the girl on top brushed her long,
black hair to the side and lowered her face into the other's
crotch. I let out a quiet moan, unable to help myself. I'd never
really been interested in lesbian sex, but there was something
about what was happening on the screen that was turning me on. I
leaned forward, trying to see better.

Lisa's arm tightened on my shoulder, pulling me in towards her.
"Here," she said, handing me something. "Take a look."

My glasses. Frantic for a better look at what was happening on
the screen, I snatched the glasses out of her hand and set them
on my face. At last; now I could see clearly. I looked at the
screen... and felt my heart jump in my chest. It was me! It was
me up there... with Lisa!

I felt her hand on my breasts, squeezing; fondling through the
thin tee shirt. I tried to say something, but the loud cracking
noise suddenly sounded from behind me. I turned to see Bob
standing in the doorway.
Holding a whip.
