The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



     Golden Mom                          
                             CHAPTER THREE

 Johnny caught her hand before she moved away.
  "Where are you going, Mom?"
  "Oh, honey," she said. "I'm just going to the bathroom.  I'm not leaving 
the house."
  She felt good that her son wanted her to stay with him, in his presence.
Her husband had never reached for her like this. She squeezed his hand, 
and tried to pull free. But Johnny held tightly, a white moustache of milk
on his upper lip.
  She pressed her thighs tight as the urge to piss grew. 
  "Honey," she murmured, "I've got to go. I won't be long."                  -
But Johnny clung to her, sitting there and looking up at her face. The 
harder he clutched her hand, the more urgently she had to piss. She 
wiggled her hips, a nervous expression on her face.
  "Please, baby, I have to go to the bathroom."
  "You go an awful lot, don't you, Mom?" he asked quietly.
  She nodded.   "I can't help it. "
  " When you have to go, you have to go, right?"
  "Oh, God! If I don't . . . please, Johnny."
She pulled, trying to free her hand, feeling as if she was going to piss 
at any time." I've got to hurry! "
  Johnny's grip tightened.
  A faint flush crept over Peggy's lovely face, and her expression turned 
into that of a woman being tortured.
   " Ohhh!  " she whimpered.
 She had dribbled a little piss into her panties. She clamped her thighs 
tight, shoving her free hand to her crotch.
   "Johnny! I've got to hurry!"  she pleaded.
  Johnny, excitement showing on his young eyes, simply squeezed his 
mother's hand hardder, refusing to let go. Peggy's flush became hot on
her face as she felt the warm piss starting to soak into the crotch of her
panties and pantyhose. She could feel it start to run down her thighs.
Embarrassment swept through her.
    " Ohhhh,  Johnny!  " she cried.
  Peggy couldn't hold it back. She was pissing in her panties, standing 
near her son, his hand clinging to hers tightly.  She felt her panties
become drenched, the hot piss running down her thighs and legs and over 
her shoes. Johnny looked down and saw his mother's piss, his young eyes 
taking on - a strange glow. It was as if her son wanted her to piss in her 
panties, Peggy thought.  She didn't understand why,  didn't understand  
why he wanted her to feel this embarrassment.
  She looked down at the front of his shorts, and saw the head of his cock
pressing upward. She knew her son was getting a hard-on. She looked down 
at her feet and saw the hot piss glistening on her shoes, then back to her 
son's face. She tried to slow the stream of piss, and managed to do so, 
but only slightly. The heat and wetness between her thighs, the piss in 
her panties, caused her clit to swell, and the hairy lips of her cunt 
burned. It didn't feel as if she was about to come, but the feeling would 
turn that way soon, she knew from experience.
 Peggy had never pissed in her panties like this before. Always before, 
if she couldn't get to a bathroom immediately, she would dribble, but that 
was it. Now she was drenching her panties, and it was running down her 
thighs. Her son was watching, holding her hand tigbtly. He clung to her 
as if he wanted her to piss.
  She understood, now. She could see it in his eyes, see how erotic he 
felt because she was pissing in her panties. She remembered seeing on her 
bed, licking the crotch of her panties, stuffing them into his mouth. 
A tremor went through her body, and without thinking she parted her feet 
on the floor. She didn't try to stop peeing. She let it go, holding his 
hand and gazing into his eyes, and pisssedd. The puddle at her feet grew, 
the insides of her thighs wet now.
  Johnny's cock stood hard inside his shorts, lifting it into a tent. 
Peggy lowered her eyes to it. The front of her skirt was damp now. She
parted her feet and tbe soft hissing sound of her piss was audible. She 
shoved her free hand toward her son's cock, and trailed her fingers
over his covered cockhead. Then, with a gasp, closed her fist about his 
prick, squeezing it.
 "Oh,  Mom!"  Johnny  groaned  with excitement.   " Baby!  "
 When Johnny shoved his hand to the bottom of her skirt and started to run
it upward, Peggy didn't stop him. Sbe clutched his cock hard as she felt 
his hand caressed  up the outside of her thigh, lifting her skirt with his 
arm. She felt his hot hand on her hip, then it roved around to take a 
quick feel of her ass cheek. He released her hand now, and Peggy didn't 
protest when he lifted the front of her skirt. She turned loose
of his throbbing hard-on and stood straight as Johnny raised her skirt to 
her waist.
  She began to tremble as he looked at her. She was still pissing and the 
panties and pantyhose were drenched completely.  She had her feet about a 
foot apart, and she felt wonderful. She felt no embarrassment suddenly, 
only a weird thrill, a joy. She clutched her skirt with her own hands, 
holding it up, and Johnny placed one hand on her hip, sliding the other up
between her thighs, feeling the wetness of her piss on the
pantyhose. He could see the golden piss dripping through her panties, and 
she leaned forward to watch him move his hand upward until it was only an 
inch from her crotch. 
Johnny's hand filled with his mother's hot piss, then piss ran over the 
sides and down her thighs  again. When he turned his wet hand and caressed
her inner thigh, Peggy thought she would come.
 After smearing his hand on her thigh, Johnny turned it upward again. This
time he pressed his palm into his mother's cunt. Peggy groaned she felt 
his hand there, and her hips jerked. Johnny pressed, feeling the wet heat 
of his mother's cunt through her panties and pantyhose. Peggy's eyes took 
on a glassy expresion as she bit into her bottom lip. Her cunt twitching, 
the lips puffy as her clit bulged out of her panties.
   " Johnny!  "  she  gasped,  closing her thighs about his hand. She was 
no longer pissing now.
 " Oh, my God!  Johnny!  "
 His cock jutted up inside his shorts, a moist spot forming there where 
the head of it was outlined.
 Pulling his hand from between his mother's thighs, Peggy watched him 
place it on his shorts. His hand was covered with her piss and it dampened 
his shorts. She watched him close his fist about his cock, the only thing
between it and his hand was the shorts. Then Johnny moved his piss-wet 
hand up and down in bold, uninhibited jack-off motions.
  A hundred thoughts flooded Peggy's mind, that her son was drawn to her 
piss, that it was erotic, that he enjoyed the fact she had pissed in her 
panties, that he placed his hand on her wet cunt, that he was touching his
cock now with his piss-wet hand. She stood with her skirt held at her 
waist, her panties revealed through the wet panty hose. The hair of her 
cunt was almost fully  revealed  through  the  wetness.  Peggy shivered 
with a strange, unusual pleasure. Johnny removed his hand and she saw his
shorts were wet, his cock still standing straight up. He looked up at his 
mother, then down at her crotch. Again, he his hand between her thighs and
cup her cunt. Peggy trembled as he rubbed his hand back and forth, a soft
whimper coming from her. She didn't feel at all surprised when her son 
pulled his hand back, and this time brought it to his face, moving his
piss-wet palm about his cheek, over his chin, and to the other cheek.
  "Oh, Johnny!" she cried softly. "Oh, baby!"
  Without a thought, Peggy stepped out of her heels into the puddle of her
own piss and rolled her panty-hose down. Then she peeled her wet panties 
off.  She let her skirt fall, hiding her fiery, hairy cunt from his eyes. 
She lifted the wet panties, offering them to her son.
  "Is it okay, Mom?" he asked.
  Peggy nodded, smiling.
  Johnny took his mother's piss-wet panties in his hand and washed his 
face with them. His expression turned ecstatic as he leaned back on his 
chair. Peggy stood on shaking legs, watching him. Her cunt bubbled with 
heat, wet with flowing juices that mixed with the hot piss. Her clit
throbbed in a tight knot, the cheeks of her ass bunching tightly.
 Peggy came.
 Her hips jerked, her eyes on fire as she watched her son rubbing the piss
wet panties across his lips. The orgasm contracted her cunt as her clit 
throbbed. She let out a soft moan of rapture, her hips arching forward, 
her hands pressing at her thighs.
 Johnny watched his mother's hips jerking as he tasted the piss on her 
panties.  He turned the panties inside out, and placed the crotch of them
at his mouth. Peggy saw his tongue slip out, and lick at the panties. The 
orgasm became stronger, and her knees almost buckled.
   "Ohhhh, I'm . . . Oh, God! I'm coming!  "
  Johnny sucked his mother's panties into his mouth. His eyes looked hazy,
filmed over with passion. Peggy shoved a fist into her cunt as she stared 
at her panties dangling from her son's mouth. His cock stood hard inside 
his shorts, and her eyes went to it. 
  Johnny groaned.
  And came off inside his shorts.
  Peggy gasped, seeing the wetness as he came.
Her hand shot for his cock, she closed her fingers around it, pumping him,
dragging his jism out, watching him come inside his shorts. She felt the 
delicious throb of his cock in her fist, heard her son suckiag noisily at 
her pisswet panties.
  With a cry, she drop to her knees. She shoved her hands up his thighs, 
under his shorts. Johnny jerked at the crotch of his shorts, but Peggy 
stopped him.
   " No!  "  she cried, and lowered her face.
 She swiped her tongue about the wet shorts, tasting his come juice 
through them.  With another cry, she closed her hot lips about the 
concealed head of his thick young cock and sucked on it. She swirled her 
tongue against the rough fabric of his shorts and tasted his come juice 
better. There was a slight taste of her own piss there, too, which served 
only to inflame her erotic mind. She sucked with tight lips, drawing come
juice througn his shorts, her fingers digging into his hips, her head 
twisting as she sobbed in rapture.
  After a moment, she lifted her head, looking up at her son with glazed 
eyes. Johnny pulled her panties out of his mouth and wiped them about his 
mother's face, and when he pressed them between her lips, Peggy didn't 
protest. She tasted her piss on the nylon panties, and her eyes closed, a 
groan bubbling out of her throat.  Her cunt throbbed again, and when 
Johnny pressed her panties past her lips, she cried out with another 
orgasm. Her hands feverishly jerked at the crotch of her son's shorts. 
His prick and balls drew her hot eyes. Squealing in passion, Peggy shoved 
her face about his crotch, feeling the sweet heat of his cock and balls on
her flesh. The feel of his hairless balls and still wet cock on her cheeks
sent her pulse racing, her hands stroking up and down his legs and hips 
with feverish caresses. Moving softly, she began  kissing Johnny's cock 
and balls, her eyes heavy-lidded, smoking with her inner heat.
 Johnny  gazed down at his mother.  The pleasure was obvious on his young 
face and in his glittering eyes. Scooting his ass to the edge of the 
cushions, he ran his hands through her hair, writhing his crotch at her 
lips. The scent of her son's  cock  and balls, slightly sweaty, made
Peggy's mind spin with the intensity of her erotic hunger. Darting her 
tongue out, she lapped at his dangling balls, bouncing them, her tongue 
swirling round and round. She made low sounds of sobbing ecstasy. She 
shoved her hands inside his shorts and behind to cup the cheeks of his 
tight, young ass. Digging her fingers into his flesh, she lifted him, 
pressing his growing cock into her face.
  "Oh, Johnny!" she moaned, and raced her tongue up his swelling cock, 
tasting his young cockshaft, the lingering sweetness of come juice on it. 
She gripped his ass cheeks hard, and swirled her tongue about the smooth 
head of his cock. He was dripping again, and with a cry of ectasy, Peggy 
swiped at his piss hole, licking up the beads of juices.
  Lifting her face, she gazed at his cock. Her eyes were fiery, and her 
tongue licked at her lips.
   " Johnny!  Ohhhh, baby!  "
  Eagerly,  Peggy dropped her mouth to the head of his cock. She presed 
down, letting his cock spread her lips. The smooth head penetrated her 
mouth, and Peggy shivered.  With a wild cry, she dived onto her son's cock,
taking it completely into her mouth.  His cockhead brushed the back of her
throat, the shaft throbbing hotly against her tongue and the roof of her 
mouth. Her lips tingled and burned. Holding his cock deep inside her mouth,
Peggy sobbed and cried and whimpered. She jerked one hand from his ass, 
thrusting it down and under her skirt. She began to rub furiously at her 
hairy cunt, pounding a finger in and out, making wet sounds. Her eyes 
lifted to her son's face, her mouth stuffed with his hot, hard cock.
  "Mmmmm," she moaned and sucked upward, strongly." Oh, baby, baby! You 
taste so good! Johnny...honey, I've got to...Mother has to..." Her eyes 
filmed over as she kept whipping her cunt with her fingers. "I want to 
suck you off, Johnny!  "
  Peggy didn't wait for him to answer. She gulped her son's cock hungrily 
into her mouth, her tongue flying about the shaft. She bobbed up and down,
making groaning sounds. She felt her cunt grip and squeeze at her delving 
finger, her clit smashing at her palm.
  She sucked at her son's cock greedily and noisily, making wet sounds as 
she fingerfucked herself in the pussy. Her eyes rolled inside her head, 
her lovely face flushed with mindless pleasure. She found she had to 
swallow often because he dripped so very much across her tongue. The taste
was like wild honey to her, and she couldn't seem to get enough of his hot
cock and dripping juices. Whipping her finger in and out of her hot, juicy
cunt, Peggy dug her fingers into her son's ass hard, lifting him as she 
banged her mouth downward, trying to pull his cock into her throat, the 
need to swallow him almost overwheming her senses.
  Her mouth was comfortable with her son's cock in it. She still had room 
to swirl her tongue no matter how deep she took it. Rushing her mouth down
on his prick, taking the head at the back of her throat, she twisted her 
lips around the base, making throaty sounds of hunger. She shoved her 
fingers into the crack of his ass, and felt the tight pucker of his little
asshole.
  "Oh,  Mom!"  Johnny  finnaly  groaned.
  "Ohhh, Mom!  "
  He spread his legs as far apart as he could, lifting his hips, watching 
his mother sucking in a frenzy, his cock disappering into that wet heat. 
He lifted and pressed hard, his balls on her chin, and twisting his hips 
into her face. 
   "Mmmm!" Peggy moaned softly, rubbing his tight asshole with the tip of 
one finger as she sucked hard. 
   " Oh, Mom, this is great!  " Johnny yelped, and began to fuck up and 
down, plunging his cock into his mother's mouth wildly, jerkily.
  "Your mouth is so hot, Mom! Ooohh, Mom, suck me! Suck me, Mom! Suck...oh,
suck my cock, Mom!  "
  Peggy sobbed and rammed her mouth down as he came up, lifting when he 
pulled back. Her lips beat at the base of his prick, and she didn't care if
they were bruised. Sucking her husbad's cock was never aything like this, 
never as good as this, never as tasty as her son's cock. His words assaulted
her ears as she sucked him, pleased that he was plunging his cock up and 
down, fucking her mouth like a hot, wet, fiery cunt. She rubbed furiously at
his tight asshole with her finger, urging him to shoot, to send that thick,
sweet come juice down her greedy throat.
  A muffled squeal came from her cock-filled mouth as her cunt rippled, 
then convulsed with a powerful orgasm. The hairy lips of her juicy cunt 
dripped and squeezed at her buried finger as she smashed her clit on the 
heel of her hand.
  Johnny grabbed the back of his mother's head, jerking her face down hard,
his cock slamming up into her throat.
   "Oooohhhh, Mom!" he yelled, and came.
  The boiling come juice gushed into Peggy's throat like nectar. Her eyes 
rolled with rapture as his come juice burned down her throat, her cunt 
contracting with one of her most powerful orgasms ever. She made wet, 
gurgling sounds as she swallowed his come juice thirstily, devouring the 
sweetness from his young, tender balls.
??



 

 


