    GLORIA..........The Homecoming

        During dinner last Sunday, the phone rang. "Oh, Hi Gloria....how're
    you doing?...good, good....yep...here she is." Peter stretched the long
    cord across the kitchen dining table and handed Jane the phone. "Hello
    dear!"......wondered when we'd hear from you........well it's been
    three weeks since you went back to school" Jane leaned back in her
    chair as a long explanation was offered by her 18 year old daughter
    Gloria....a freshman at Boston College. "Oh really? well I seem to
    remember a LOT of things you had to say to me AND Peter AND your
    sister and most of the words were brief and prefaced by "fucking"!
    Jane stood and began to pace the farmhouse kitchen..straightening
    drapes and nic-nacs as she became more irritated with her daughter.
    "Uh...I don't think so. Just because you're at college doesn't change the
    rules or the discipline here. You know how you were raised" Jane now
    crossed her arms before her, phone on her shoulder and looked out
    the window across the farmland at the forming sunset. "No I won't chill
    dear!...And who's Larry?.....I see...Is it serious? MMMMmmm...Well he's
    welcome to come but he must understand that he sleeps ALONE in the
    guest room.......yes......and you'd better explain that you have some
    penance to serve" Jane changed the phone to her other ear and picked up
    her teacup. "Well I'm QUITE serious, thank you.....I don't care what he
    would think!....You make up your mind and let me know.......Now? You're
    sure?  OK dear, see you Friday.....I love you too <kiss> Bye. Jane
    rejoined her husband and two children to finish her cooling supper.
    Well Glo's coming home for Spring Break...and she's bringing her latest
    conquest...."Larry"! "Well we're all grown  up now you know." Peter
    smiled and looked at Johnny, ten and Donna nearly thirteen both of whom
    were taking it all in. Peter joined Jane at the deep sink where she ws
    stacking dishes and stood behind her pressing affectionately close and
    whispering. "What are we going to do about the discipline ??" "You
    heard me!", Jane snapped "I told her she had penance to do and she
    does! Fifteen minutes for every time she used that word and I think I
    counted seventeen times at LEAST and she slapped Johnny and pinched
    Donna...That's quite a score for a three day visit...." Peter massaged
    her shoulders "What's that guy going to think < hehehehe >" "Well dear,
    she heard me and if she's brave or foolish enough to bring him...he'll
    get a lesson in discipline....OUR DISCIPLINE!" Peter grinned broadly as
    he thought of his step-daughter's plight. "I can't say I'm not going to
    enjoy watching that!! Donna and Johnny were laughing and joking between
    themselves now as they realized what was going to come down on Gloria
    in a few days. They too were no strangers to Mom's brand of "Practical
    PUNISHMENT" as she liked to call it. Jane was not a believer in
    spanking, slapping or tongue-lashings......she felt that corporal
    punishment was non-specific and seemed to be no deterrent to a childs
    repeating the same offense. Scoldings and tongue-lashings were a waste
    of breath at best and a danger to the children's self-esteem at wors't.
    So, Mom practiced "Practical Punishment"  A process she had learned
    first hand while pledging her sorority during the '70's. The bondage
    and humiliation suffered during Hell Week and the discipline that
    followed regularly were excessive and later she learned that on campus
    "K.D.R." was known as a "bondage house". But excessive or not, the
    discipline worked. Laughably, many a naive young woman "rushed" by
    K.D.R., accepted due to the promise of a "no paddling policy" only to
    find themselves restrained in some way in the sorority house and
    frequently in the presence of male visitors and even faculty members.
    So, Jane's discipline methods were simple. If a child were to hit a
    sibling....he/she would be deprived of the use of the hands by virtue
    of their being neatly tied behind their backs. Kick someone.....Your
    feet will be tied. Back-talk, disrespect, cursing were "biggies" with
    Mom and earned you the worst punishment...Having your mouth gagged!
    Snoop, sneak or cheat.....Sit in a blindfold for an afternoon. The
    length of time for each punishment was fixed by Mom and while excessive
    perhaps, it was consistent. And all agreed the rules were clear and
    punishment was easy to avoid. Except for Gloria.

        For all of the next Friday afternoon, Donna and Johnny didn't
    venture far from the living room windows. Still on a high from the
    tension in the air.....they couldn't wait for Gloria, their Ogress
    sister to get her punishment....The thought of the boyfriend, Larry had
    thus far been lost on them. And perhaps on Gloria too for at 5:45 an
    unfamiliar Honda pulled up the 400' driveway and stopped at the porch.
    A young man drove and Gloria removed her shades to look toward the
    house. Jane, now at the open door nudged sideways by the kids was
    impressed that Larry walked around the car and opened Glo's door... and
    perhaps a bit more surprised that Gloria had sat motionless in her seat
    awaiting the honors. Jane mused that her daughter had learned that
    during Mom's relationship with Kim...and she smiled. The two coeds
    bundled up like bears climbed the porch. Hugs and introductions were
    traded by all and they entered the warm 200 year old farmhouse.
    Delicious aromas of Gloria's favorite, Beef Stroganoff and fresh
    biscuits filled the house and soon everyone was seated at the table
    enjoying a delicious hot meal together, getting acquainted and then
    beginning the small talk. Jane had purchased her 55 acre farm only
    a year before and Gloria had not actually "lived" there...having
    boarded with friends in order to finish school in New Jersey.

    After a
    half-hour or so of catching up on family news Gloria asked "So, like
    what is there to do around here?....Y'know..like at night ?? Jane
    slowly turned her head and fixed her eyes flatly on her daughter. She
    said nothing...just stared at the shapely teen and awaited a reaction.
    Gloria looked puzzled then laughed.....What?<giggle> Then Jane smiled
    only slightly "MOM! what are you smi.." The blood drained from Gloria's
    face and she lost her speech..then her color returned in a DEEP blush.
    Oh...Mom! c'mon,<giggle?> Jane broke the tension. "Why do I think
    you've not explained to Larry that you have some family commitments to
    take care of first thing?" "Mom! I didn't think..I mean, you know.."
    Then Larry piped up..grinning weakly "What's up?" "Tell me what?"
    Jane spoke softly "Tell him dear" Gloria leaped from the table. "No!
    I've got a headache..I'm going to lie down" Jane stood "No, you're
    going to SIT down.........." Gloria stopped in her tracks and
    evaluating her situation quickly, returned to the table. "Larry", Jane
    turned her attention to the young guest "You seem like a fine young
    man...polite and responsible. I suspect you were raised with proper
    discipline by your parents. "Well, yes M'am, at least I THINK so" Larry
    smiled warmly "There were five of us and nobody wanted to visit the
    "shed" if we could help it. Dad or Grandad could really lay on the
    strap!" Jane smiled "Well it seems to have worked well for you. Here in
    my family we take a slightly different approach. I too was punished by
    the strap as a child and I have scar on my hip to this day from a
    bruise that never healed.....I decided other forms of punishment might
    be more effective" Larry was sitting on the edge of his chair virtually
    ignoring Gloria. "Oh really.....and that is???" Jane rose from the
    table and suggested the "adults go to the living room. The kids were
    sent to play. Peter excused himself to do something in his shop. Only
    Jane knew he was working on a new bondage device. "I believe in something
    on the order of the punishment suiting the crime, as it were. For
    example if a child strikes someone in anger they lose the use of their
    hands for a time...They're tied up! If they are sneaky or snoops or
    rude....they must wear a blindfold." Larry was listening intently and
    nodding to each point Jane made. "And your Miss Smartass here in
    addition to hitting her brother and pinching her sister thinks it's
    cool to have the mouth of a truck driver around the house" Larry turned
    to Gloria who now slumped as deeply into the couch as she could and
    with arms folded tightly on her chest, stared out the window....Glo was
    "steamed"! Jane continued "She was told you were more than welcome to
    visit but to explain that she would be "indisposed" for a period of
    time when you got here. "You mean TIED UP??" Larry's voice almost broke
    as he tried to ask the question. "Well yes, but her flaunting of the
    "F" word and others has earned her something over four hours of
    "gag-time". Is that any problem for you Larry?" Jane grinned at the
    young man who's throat was now full of cotton and feathers "Uh...well
    no..that's fine..I mean OOPH!" Gloria's left elbow sunk deep into his
    side and he nearly lost what breath he had. Then grinning he asked Jane
    "Does THAT count M'am ?" "It does if you want it too..." Jane threw the
    ball back to him. "Well then if we are all agreed, let's get it over
    with. Glo! Go to your room and change into the clothes I left on your
    bed" Gloria sat frozen to the view out the front window. Jane waited
    only a few seconds. "OR! I will go get them, you'll change right here
    and your punishment time will be double!!" Larry leaned toward the
    pretty young woman "Maybe you'd better.." "SHUT UP!!" Gloria uncrossed
    her legs slamming her foot on the floor then stormed across the room
    and up the stairs. "And bring down the Punishment Bag dear" Jane called
    loudly!!! As Gloria stomped across the room to the staircase, Jane
    noticed once again just how lovely her daughter had grown. In "ugly
    duckling" fashion, the chubby freckled tom-boy had developed into an
    auburn haired dark-eyed knockout! At 5'4"....36B, 26, 38, just a size
    larger than Mom her figure was great. The freckles were still there and
    she wore rather thick glasses..but the stylish frames were actually an
    asset to her appearance. Jane was delightfully blunt as she asked Larry
    "Well, are you shocked??" "Well, no, well I don't know...surprised I
    guess. How did you?" Larry was searching for words "How did you start
    this?" Jane sat back in her chair and spoke while staring at the
    window. "I don't like corporal punishment for kids, my father was an
    ex-marine and my three brothers, my sister and I were subjected to some
    awful puishments...the strap, of course, but even as a little girl
    having to hold two telephone books out at arms length for 15 minutes!
    or until one of us was ready to squeal on the other about something!"
    Janes voice was growing bitter with memories "And things like that. I
    vowed I wouldn't do anything painful to MY kids. Then in college I
    joined a sorority that was highly disciplined"............And Jane went
    on to tell Larry of her adventures at K.D.R.

        The unmistakeable sound of high heels crossing a hardwood floor and
    starting down the steps brought an end to the conversation. The pace
    was rapid and exaggerated and Jane knew Gloria was most unhappy.
    Larry's jaw nearly dropped as his girlfriend appeared on the staircase.
    For months he had seen her in jeans, sweatshirts and Reeboks. Now, here
    she was trying to negotiate the stairs in 4" black pumps, black
    patterned stockings and the shortest black shorts Larry had ever seen.
    She was wearing a sparkling white sleeveless blouse from last year, now
    a little too snug and her beautiful young breasts strained just a
    bit at their restraint. Gloria's face was more crimson than Jane had
    EVER seen it and on her head she wore a black scarf...helmet fashion
    with the ends tied behind her neck. Jane could sense that every step
    her daughter took closer to them was an act of will!....every fiber of
    her wanted to run back to her room and hide forever! Her mother could
    see that Gloria's right hand shook as it held the bannister and the
    over-sized duffle bag was bumping the wall and threatening her balance.
    The bag contained a variety of punishment articles.....rope, scarves,
    dish towels, leather collars, a quirt, a crop < just for effect, the
    kids thought > and several other items closed in smaller bags. The
    effect of the bag was always sobering on the kids as they feared the
    items they had not yet encountered. Jane doubted that any of her
    children had guessed that the contents of the bag were used by her and
    Peter when they could get some privacy. Oh yes, there's was indeed a
    wonderful and exciting D&S affair!  Still the mortified Gloria was
    coming, having made the stairs she virtually stomped to her mother,
    disdaining Larry's gaping looks. In a mocking fashion she snapped to
    attention at her mother's chair and threw the heavy bag down beside
    her. "Here!" Her face was still defiant......yet Mom could see the
    tears about to spill. On it's way to the floor, the duffle bag caught
    the leg of a small drum table holding a vase of flowers and Mom's tea.
    The table wobbled and then gave way to gravity and Gloria watched in
    slow motion horror as the whole business dumped onto the carpet. Her
    hands flew to her face and she stared wide-eyed as if to "will" it all
    back in place..."No...Oh NO!...FUCK!!...Oh shit! FUCK!!! Ohhhh. Gloria
    stamped her feet childishly and danced around in a circle as if trying
    to disappear. But the water, glass vase, teacup and a long narrow tea
    stain were all stiill there on the three month old Orchid carpet.
    "I'm SORRY MOM...IT WAS AN ACCIDENT!!!!! I'M SORRY MOM! Oh FUCK!!
    Gloria was in sheer panic. "I'm sure you are VERY sorry dear, but I
    can't quite call it an accident....more like your little temper tantrum
    backfired on you." Jane now deliberately spoke directly to Larry. "I'm
    awfully sorry Larry. I think you see we have a larger problem then I
    thought.  If you feel you want to leave......" Gloria broke in "Yes,
    leave! go away....please!" "Be quiet Gloria" Jane tried to maintain a
    stern front but nearly wanting to laugh at the scene..."Well..well is
    it alright if I stay...I mean it's 250 miles and " Jane cut Larry off
    with a wink. "Of course you may stay...I just wanted you to understand"

    Larry thought he understood perfectly and with his heart pounding out
    of his chest and a world class hard-on to conceal...He wanted to see it
    all. "OKAY Glo! this takes me right back to K.D.R. days. I was in
    exactly your situation except that I had bumped into the back of a
    sister and spilled wine down her new white dress. You know what my
    punishment was??.....I was given to her as a servant, might as well
    have called it SLAVE for one week!. In the house I had to be at her
    side every moment, asleep or awake and she could do WHATEVER she wanted
    to me!!!! I'll tell you THAT story some time. WELL!! This is YOUR story
    Gloria......and I'll make it simple. With all the demerits you had to
    come home to......your attitude tonight.....your attack on poor Larry
    and now this act of recalcitrance I'm not going to play math games all
    weekend. SO AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED YOUNG WOMAN.....YOU WILL DO PENANCE
    FOR THE WEEKEND...... STARTING NOW!! The intentional anger in Jane's
    voice had exactly the desired effect and Gloria began to acknowledge
    that she had no choices........."Get me a 12'rope, 2  6'pieces, black
    scarf and 2 BIG bandanas please" Jane instructed Gloria softly. "Larry,
    bring me a dish towel from the kitchen rack." Caught by surprise, Larry
    made a show of getting off the couch, hoping to hide his erection mas
    he adjusted things...Gloria clomped to her knees by the bag. "Excuse me
    missy ?......I didn't spend three grand at Barbizon for that did I ?!"
    Gloria scampered up again and now in perfect posture, back straight,
    bent her knees and lowered herself, sitting on her heels....then began
    fumbling for the required items. "Good, stay like that" Jane moved her
    chair to face her daughter. As Gloria removed lengths of rope and
    cloths from the bag and placed them on her mother's lap then sat
    straight, still on her heels and folded her hands in her lap. She
    glanced about the room quickly, forgetting that Larry was not there.
    "Hands Gloria!"  With a start, Gloria remembered, and blushing anew slowly
    moved her arms behind her and crossed her wrists high up on the small
    of her back. Jane busied herself with the cloths...folding and arranging
    them...she caught herself nearly whistling a tune as she did. A lerge
    black & white cotton scarf, which Jane knew to be 28" square was folded
    several times into a tight "V" shaped pad. Larry returned just in time
    to hear "Open wide dear" Jane cooed. "WIDER! You know how!" Gloria's
    eye caught Larry's and she quickly looked away and closed her eyes as
    she opened her mouth to admit the huge dry wadding. Jane fitted the gag
    with the care and intensity of an artist. She probed and pushed and
    squeezed and pressed until the whole cloth was wedged deep.... again'st
    her daughter's throat. What had been a fist full for Jane, now resided
    in Gloria's mouth. Already she could see the strain in the eyes, drawn
    down at the sides by the widely stretched jaw. Nervously Jane hummed a
    mindless tune to herself as she reached behind the girl's head and
    untied the kerchief. Excited for a moment, Gloria wondered if at least
    THAT was coming off. Far from it. Her mother had just had a flashback
    to a gag she wore in college on just such an occasion. Now Gloria would
    wear it. Jane smiled to herself as she untied the scarf. The back fell
    free in a point down Glo's back. Jane loosened the underchin knot then
    lifted it up to Gloria's open mouth. She placed the half-knot between
    her teeth and PULLED! She watched the scarf force the wad deeper...she
    saws Gloria's eyes widen in fear as with her lips a thin line Jane tied
    the ends tight! again behind the neck. Now the girl's head scarf was
    also her cruel gag. With tight pressure from above and behind, Jane
    knew from experience no amount of movement or struggling could dislodge
    it...! She nearly grinned.....then she saw the hurt, innocent look in
    Gloria's eyes as the tears came. < Why, Mom? >   "It's bad isn't it
    dear", Jane stroked her fingers on Gloria's bound cheeks "Well, you
    know you're not Donna, not 13.....you are an adult now and so adult
    punishments are appropriate. When I was in college, I was put to BED in
    a gag like yours. If things go better, perhaps you won't HAVE to wear
    it all night....we'll see. "AAUUUGGGHHIIIIITTTT???" < Wear it ALL
    NIGHT???? NO! NO! > Suddenly a look of PANIC swept across Gloria's face
    and her shoulders began to shake and she rose up on her haunches as she
    "gagged" on the cloth in her mouth! She wretched and stretched forward
    her head in her mother's lap. Strained gurgles escaped the gag. "GET
    CONTROL GLORIA!!!" her mother ordered. Larry moved forward on the couch
    as if to come to his girl friend's rescue. Gloria, now showing signs of
    purple in her face desparately reached for the scarf at her mouth!.
    "HANDS GLORIA...HANDS!!!" Her mother hissed the command and the girl
    slowly moved her hands back behind her. "That will cost you also
    dear!!" Now Gloria had gotten control and her head fell into Mom's lap
    as she tried to regain oxygen .....Larry looked on in amazement as her
    mother patted and stroked her head as if this were a regular occurence.
    Somehow, Larry began to believe it was..........


                GLORIA.........The Homecoming          Part 2

        "I'm sorry you did that Glo. I thought you knew not to try to speak"
    Jane continued and spoke to Larry. "You may not know it but you can't
    REALLY gag someone into  complete silence...some sound will always get
    past the cloth....the idea is to make it intolerable for them to TRY to
    use their vocal chords. That's what you've just seen. If Gloria remains
    quiet, so will her gag reflex. If she tries to move her tongue or make
    a sound, she will gag at ONCE!" Larry nodded dumbly as if glad to learn
    that information. Gloria was beginning to sense familiar feelings of
    complete helplessness and defeat. The fight had left her......now she
    wondered how she'd get through this all...and just how bad it would get.
    Jane was looping a long rope about Glo's waist several times and tied
    it off tightly. The rope nearly disappeared in the girl's clothing.
    "Give me your hands, Glo...palms together. You know!" Her dulled gaze
    fixed on her mother's eyes, the teenager offered up her hands. Jane
    seized them and inserted each wrist into one of the delightfully nasty
    "Handcuff Knot" devices Kim had made for use on HER during their motor
    trips and for public bondage encounters. The rope ends were tied to the
    girl's waist rope so she could not raise her hands past her shoulders.
    Jane knew Gloria could NOT pull off her gag scarf from the front. It
    could only be removed by untying the knots behind her neck. And these,
    Jane made sure she could not reach. Jane also made a wry mental
    observation that no matter where she was, Larry was not about to help
    Gloria free herself. He was enjoying all this thoroughly. <Jane smiled>.
    "The towel Larry ??" Jane reached out her hand and Larry jumped from
    the couch to hand her the cloth he'd been fidgeting with. Jane folded
    the damp cloth in her lap to a width of 4" ."Look at me Gloria" and as
    she did her mother drew the soiled dish towel tight over her mouth and
    knotted it behind her head "Extra muffling" Jane explained, grinning at
    Larry. Then Jane did something she'd not done before. Taking the large
    black kerchief from her lap she folded it diagonally then pressed the
    large cloth about her daughter's face right at eye level and under her
    glasses....much like a veil. She half knotted the scarf behind the neck
    then drew the ends forward and tied them under Glo's chin, gathering
    the point of the cloth snugly and tucking it all into the neck of her
    blouse....something like an Ascot.  Jane leaned back in her
    chair..."There now!...Isn't that pretty!" and she kissed the tip of
    Gloria's nose through the scarf. "I LIKE that" Gloria's eyes rolled and
    she slowly shook her head. "Well dear! If I were you I'd get started
    first on the clean-up here!" Then with a mean half-grin she took her
    daughter's bound face in both her hands and looked into her eyes. "An
    awful lot of your future comfort depends on how well you get that tea
    stain out of my rug!..........I'd look it up in the Time-Life books,
    freshman."  Jane stood up headed for the kitchen....."Larry, can I get
    you a drink?..Scotch? Beer?" She paused, waiting. " A Beer...yes a cold
    beer would go nicely now....thanks" And Jane padded off to the kitchen
    as Gloria struggled to her feet. Larry called after her "Mrs. Martin??!!
    Would it be alright if I brought in my camera ?" "Fine with me dear!"
    Jane called back but Gloria reacted with shock! She wildly shook her
    head <NO! NO!> But this time she was careful not to make a sound that
    would pitch her into another heaving bout. Larry approached his girl
    friend and as best he could, took her into his arms for a hug. Her
    hands were in the way and she could not move them so it didn't go well.
    Larry kissed her through her scarf muffling and there was no doubt she
    felt his hardness against her body. He headed out the front door to the
    car. Gloria walked past her mother and into the utility room for
    cleaning supplies. Jane returned to the living room with their drinks
    as Larry walked back in the door. They raised their glasses and toasted
    "Gloria's weekend" "I have to tell you Mrs. Martin, this is really
    something...I mean like I've never seen anything like it outside of
    magazines..." Jane cocked her head cutely "Oh? and what kind of
    magazines might that be < she smiled coyly > "Er..ah well some of the
    adult magazines..I uh..." Jane countered "You mean BONDAGE magazines
    .....don't you ? Larry actually flushed..."I guess they call them
    that...<grinning foolishly>" "Do you collect them?" Jane stared
    directly into his eyes. "Somebody gave me a couple of...." he
    stammered. "So you DO collect them!" Jane was bearing down on the
    uncomfortable beaux. He was saved from replying by the sight of Gloria
    entering the room. Her breathing was labored and she carried a plastic
    pail and other cleaning supplies. She knelt "properly" at the accident
    site and began the clean-up. Somehow, as is always the case with tight
    bondage, Gloria had withdrawn into herself. It was all too much to deal
    with. Her embarrassment, the imprisoning cloths in and around her mouth
    especially the scarf that stopped her from looking downward without
    forcing her head in a bowed position. The shoes were too small and too
    high and hurt awfully! And she wanted it all to stop. And wor'st of
    all, what was Larry thinking??? She had been punished in restraints all
    her life but never for so many misdeeds all at once....and she sensed,
    rightly so, that Mom was taking of the opportunity to square little
    problems they'd had starting months earlier! In her pitiful mood, she
    wanted to just sit and cry when she heard her mother say. "Tell you
    what Larry...let me give you a moonlight tour of the farm...It's really
    quite nice". "Oh! well I'd love it M'am" Jane patted his hand "Jane...
    Please call me Jane..." Jane chided Gloria needlessly "And so we bid a
    brief fairwell to the "masked freshman" as she tends to her chores" And
    Larry held the door as Jane steeped out into the crisp night air. As
    they headed down along the back walkway, Jane resumed the previous
    subject. "So Larry.....I believe you know a good deal more about
    bondage than you want to admit...why?"


             GLORIA............The Homecoming            Part 3


        Close to an hour after they'd begun the moonlight tour of Jane's
    Pennsylvania farmstead. The couple returned to the main house to find
    Peter, now back from his workshop, having a cool beer and "cheering"
    Gloria on with her work. Peter and his step daughter did not get along
    well. From the beginning she saw him as a divisor between her and her
    mother and Peter could not abide her manipulation and disrespect for
    her mother. As for the current scene.....Gloria was MORE mortified than
    even before at her plight and Peter was quietly basking in the misery
    of her punishment......and she knew it.

        Jane went directly to look at Glo's progress with the stain and was
    delighted to see no trace of the spill. "Well! Very good dear! you
    saved yourself from a rather bad time!" and she sweetly kissed her
    daughter's head scarf. "Boy, you've really got her done up Jane..."
    Peter was smiling but also seemed concerned. "Yes, well I've explained
    to her that she's an adult now and the idea of punishing bad language
    with just a bandana or towel tied OVER her mouth like Donna or Johnny
    just HAD to change" Jane's tone of voice closed the subject for Peter
    who had always avoided these punishment issues. "Anyway! It's 10:00 and
    since you did such a good job...I guess you can have some relief.
    Larry, would you care to take charge? " Gloria blanched!! "<Larry?
    Larry take charge?? What the fuck's going on here????>" "Yes, thank you
    Jane" and Larry took Gloria's arm and led her to an ottoman. "Sit down
    Gloria" She sat making sure to keep her knees tightly together <He
    calls her Jane now?> Larry worked quickly at releasing Glo's hands from
    the Handcuff Knot He made a project out of massaging and kissing her
    wrists slowly and sensuously. "How are you Gloria...? Do you want your
    gag removed for awhile <AWHILE???? she decided not to press the point
    yet> Glo slowly and submissively nodded her head...not wanting to screw
    anything up. Larry worked for nearly a minute on the small silk knot in
    her muffler. Finally it was drawn away from her face and the cool air
    felt good! Next the damp smelly dish towel was untied and taken off her
    mouth <"Now we're getting somewhere"> "Before I free your mouth, you'll
    have to cross your wrists behind your back" Gloria looked at him in
    pitiful silence but shook her head in pleading......"OK, no problem, so
    the gag stays in place" and Larry moved back and sat on the couch.
    Gloria slumped in confusion and despair...but she did not DARE make a
    sound lest the gagging start over again. None of this was lost on Jane
    and as Larry "played" with Glo's situation she sensed he'd had plenty of
    B&D experience. In fact, from their walking conversation she KNEW he
    did... Gloria sat still staring at the floor for several minutes and
    Jane and Larry each wondered what she was thinking. Then her body
    Bucked slightly and she leaned forward and again her shoulders raised
    and fell...she looked to her mother as another gag spasm took her and
    without breaking eye contact, Gloria slowly placed her hands behind her
    back....and held her wrists in crossed position. In direct response,
    Larry casually bound her wrists tightly together then pinioned them to
    her waist-rope. That done, he unknotted the gag-scarf and gently but
    slowly withdrew the huge pad of sodden cotton cloth from her mouth. In
    doing so he had pushed the wad inward slightly and Gloria wretched! The
    wet plug of cloth was a virtual model of Gloria's mouth so compressed
    was it.  As the scarf fell away, Glo's head, her hair now matted and
    wet with sweat felt cold and she could only guess how it looked. Jane,
    ever beauty conscious, picked up the scarf that had covered the girl's
    face and now tied it on her head, covering her hair and tying it back
    under itself behind the neck. Glo didn't like it but she knew it was
    quite presentable. Larry led her to a place on the couch beside him.
    He put is arm around her and she rested her head on his shoulder. Then
    suddenly, after hours of enforced silence...Gloria seemed to break.
    Her chin quivered uncontrollably and all at once a river of tears
    spilled over..."M-M-Mom!...I'm SO SORRY! Mom this is TERRIBLE!!!" Jane
    felt her heart touched and she looked softly at her "little girl" now
    so defeated and helpless, yet so beautiful with her bound hands
    thrusting her breasts forward sharply.... "I know how awful it is for
    you dear..... If only you'd behaved...it wouldn't have to be.....But
    this weekend I'm afraid you have a LOT to atone for!" And Jane forced
    herself to drop the compassion from her voice......"I'm sorry too".
    Peter and I are going to go out for a bit...it IS Friday night so we'll
    let you two have your privacy. When we get back I'll fix Gloria for
    sleeping. "FIX ME? What do you mean Mom??....MOM??? Jane had abruptly
    walked out of the room and down the hall to freshen up deliberately not
    answering Gloria's entreaties. Several minutes later Peter went out to
    warm the car and shortly therafter Jane brushed by and out the door
    before Gloria could talk with her.

        Larry turned Gloria's face toward him as they sat together. He
    kissed her lightly and embraced her...long and lovingly. "Well Glo,
    this has been a surpising night...to say the least" Larry's face was
    buried in her shoulder. "You must think we're crazy, don't you ?"
    Gloria spoke very softly. "No, actually I fully agree with your mom's
    ideas on discipline" Larry was taking a chance...."Funny", Gloria
    whispered "I sort of do too...I mean even at MY age I'd rather be
    strapped or spanked but the bondage is so bad that I REALLY have to try
    to avoid it from now on........I couldn't take this again I don't
    think." Gloria snuggled closer to her new love. "Honey..." she cooed
    They're not going to be back for long time......could you just untie my
    hands a while so I can hold you?" "But sweetheart, it doesn't matter
    when they come home...it was ME who tied you hands...and I want them
    tied!" Gloria squirmed and twisted in frustration! "Oh Larry...Please!!
    I'm not USED to this!!!!" her voice was anguished. Larry spoke
    quietly.."Well GET used to it my love..this is only Friday evening. You
    have two days and THREE nights to go!" Larry went and picked up the
    damp dish towel that had secured Gloria's gag and returning to the
    couch he tied it tightly over her eyes despite her weak resistance. He
    had wanted to see her blindfolded and now he was getting hot again. He
    held her head rigid in the crook of his right arm while he kissed her
    passionately and his left hand began a journey past the leg of her
    shorts as his fingers searched for the lips of her pussy. Ungagged,
    Gloria's only response was "ooooooooh.......don't stop........please"



               GLORIA........The Homecoming       Part 4


        Gloria was fast asleep on the sofa. her crisp  white blouse now
    wrinkled and hastily tucked into her shorts. Her hands were still fixed
    and bound behind her back as they had been for three hours or so. her
    shoulders ached and cried for relief......The black kerchief was in
    disarray held on her head by the smelly dish towel blindfold. Sometime
    in the midst of their lovemaking, Larry had stuffed a dry bandana into
    her mouth and now, still, just a bit of it protruded from her mouth.
    Larry too was spent and although somewhat awake he drifted in and out
    of half-dreams about his new love and her bondage.......When the
    kitchen phone rang he jumped a foot! On the third ring he decided to
    answer it...............

    "Larry? This is Jane Martin...is everything alright?

    "Yes M'am, fine"

    "Peter and I have run into some friends and will be later that we
    expected. Will you put Glo to bed??"

    "Of course. I'd be happy to help <grinning>"

    "Frankly Larry, I can't decide whether to have you fix her in bondage
    to sleep or whether it would be more effective to free her for the
    night, let her get used to it then wake her early and surprise her
    with strict bondage first thing and a really punishing gag for the DAY!
    She has a long string of "F's" to pay for! <giggle>"

    "I can see you've been thinking, Jane...I'd go with the latter if it were
    up to me".

    "Yes, well let's LEAVE it up to you...let her think YOU'VE decided to
    free her...she'll think it's all over then we'll SURPRISE her early
    tomorrow. I hope you don't mind but I feel she should be kept in rather
    "unpleasant" restraint for the rest of the weekend.....and by the way,
    I'll need your help"

    "Of course Jane.....I understand and I QUITE agree!"

    "I thought you would <hehehehe> See you in the morning!"

    " Goodnight Jane".

    Larry returned to the sofa and his beautiful young charge. He gently
    rolled her over knowing that his exploratory caresses while he was
    working on the ropes would awaken her...and it did. "mmmmffGGG?" Gloria
    was trying to push the cloth out of her mouth with her tongue but it
    had dried fast to the roof of her mouth..."MMMMMMuuuffff!!" "I know,
    sweetheart...I'm doing my best"! Larry could have easily paused to
    remove her gag.....but did not. He began to "set-up" his lover. "Well I
    guess it's over, Love, Your mom said to untie you and let you get to
    bed......and to put all the gear in her duffle bag and the dirty cloths
    in the laundry"  Silently the beautiful teenager sighed a deep sigh of
    relief and suddenly she could not WAIT to feel her freedom. As soon as
    she felt the ropes relax on her wrists, Gloria pulled her hands lose
    and <"MMMmmmffffg!"> moaned at the ache in her shoulders as she tried
    to bring them to the front. They had been bound so long as to be nearly
    locked in place...soon she sat with her hands in her lap....She had
    reached for her mouth to pull out the cloth but her hand wouldn't go
    there and she let it flop back in her lap. Larry untied the
    blindfolding towel and slipped the scarf off her hair. He leaned close
    to kiss her and only when their lips touched did he feign
    surprise..."Oh! silly me!<grin>...did you want that cloth out of your
    mouth? Gloria, exhausted from her bondage and the lovemaking allowed
    her eyes to smile at him as she nodded her head. Gently he withdrew
    the packing from her mouth being careful not to tear her mouth where
    the cloth was sticking............"Oh God! YUCK! Thanks dear....Gloria
    sighed. "GOD! what an awful night!  Larry held her hand "Did it do any
    good?" "I don't know...I guess so. I know I'll never say FUCK in THIS
    house again < smiling weakly >"  Smiling, Larry reminded her "You just
    did...." "I know, but you're different...Can I go to bed now ??"  Larry
    stood and offered both hands outstretched. Gloria grasped them and
    pulled herself up then flopped back down. "My feet! I've GOT to take
    these shoes off first..." Larry helped her out of the 4" pumps and once
    again she rose and they walked up the stairs to her room.  Gloria sat
    on the edge of her bed and began to undress. "There's a nightgown
    behind the door...give it to me please?"  Larry complied and soon had
    his lady tucked in snugly and kissed her goodnight <ten or twenty
    times> before heading for the guest room. He undressed quickly and
    crawled under the fresh linens. He too was tired and he drifted to
    sleep with thoughts of tomorrow and Gloria and bondage. He wondered how
    he had EVER gotten so lucky!
