My first glory hole experience happened when I was 14 years old. I used to 
bowl in this bowling alley every Saturday evening as a young boy. As I got 
older I was able to go there without my mother driving me and therefore had 
no time constraints. I knew about my sexual preference at the age of 13, so 
by age 14 I was well aware of my sexual gender. I would often go into the 
restrooms after a bowling game was over and sit in one of the stalls and jack 
my young cock until I spilled a hot load into the toilet. It was the only 
place I could feel comfortable doing so, since at home my parents could walk 
into my room at any moment. One Saturday I was doing my regular jack off in 
the bowling restroom when I noticed that the guy in the stall right next to 
me had been sitting there for about as long as me. I started wondering if he 
was probably doing the same thing! I started wishing I could see him. It was 
then I realized for the first time that there was a hole right behind the 
paper dispenser! I timidly moved closer to it and peeked through. To my 
surprise I had an excellent view of a really hot scene! In the stall next 
to me this guy was leaning over with his face against the partition next to 
the cubicle on the other side of his. He kept moving his head back and forth, 
until he suddenly pulled away for a moment, and I saw there was a cock stick-
ing through from the other side! This man was sucking another man's cock 
through the wall! I couldn't see the action too well, because when the man 
was sucking I could only see the back of his head. I continued watching, 
dreaming of what it must feel like, while I continued stroking my cock. The 
scene was so hot that, although I could have shot my load off at any moment, 
I wanted it to last forever! Finally, I heard some moaning and then, complete 
silence. I then saw the guy in the stall next to me pull away again and then 
lean back against the back wall. The cock was no longer sticking through the 
hole and in a few seconds later I heard the door open and the guy who had 
just been sucked off walked to the sink. He washed up and then walked out. 
The place was completely silent. I could hear my own breathing and nothing 
else. After what seemed to be forever I realized the man in the stall next 
to me must have been waiting for someone else to come along. It took a lot of 
nerve (being only 14 years old), but I finally walked out of my stall. I 
walked to the exit, opened the door, but without leaving, let the door shut. 
Then I waited for approximately 10 seconds and opened the door again, and 
promptly walked back into the toilet area. Only this time, I walked into the 
stall on the other side, where the other man had sat. I could smell his cum 
load; his odor was still very present. Even though I was only 14 years old, I  
wanted to feel what the other man had felt. I needed it! I began stroking 
my cock again and very carefully peeked through the hole. When I got closer I 
realized the man had his mouth against the hole and was waiting! I slowly 
stood up and faced the hole. I then saw the man's tongue as he used it to 
motion me to come closer! I did, very slowly, until my cock was right next 
to his tongue! He went crazy and started licking the head of my dick! I 
couldn't hold back anymore and just pushed it through the hole, into his 
mouth. It was the best sensation I had ever felt! Ahhhh, it was so moist 
and warm! Jacking off was the only sex I had experianced up to this point. 
This feeling was ecstasy! It didn't take long for this man's talented tongue 
and mouth to bring my boy-cum gushing out and into his hungry throat. He 
swallowed it all down and when I could no longer stand the feeling of his hot 
mouth I pulled out and fell back onto the toilet seat. I sat there for what 
seemed to be like hours as I relished in the pleasure of my first sucking off. 
I returned to that stall many more times after that.
