		In the early hours...

you dream and imagine;  halfway between here and nowhere, dreams
are dreamt, thoughts are thought and hopes are hoped.  Little
things that hang on the edges of reality like thin rags.  Not
proud enough or bold enough for the daylight hours, the slightest
breeze pushes them away safely out of reach...  

You awake to a nagging feeling of immobility.  As you stir, the
familiar coming back to reality feeling doesn't arrive.  You role
to stretch and you're met with a firm resistance.  A frantic
attempt to sit upright defines your bonds.  Arms, legs, wrists
and ankles are bound.  You are face down, spread-eagled.  Your
torso higher than your limbs.  You are securely and comfortably
tied face down on your bed, proped on top of several pillows in
an almost hands and knees position.  Panic starts to build.

The room is half-lit and quiet.  It can't be more than four or
five in the morning.  Filtered golden light trickles into the
room throught the curtains.  Not even a bird can be heard.

"That son-of-bitch!  What kind of game is he playing now?"

"What the fuck is going on?  What time is it?"  

As the last words still hang in the air, an incredible flash of
pain across your ass!  More surprising than anything, it shocks you
fully awake.  You feel your ass warm and tingle in the afterglow.

"Shit!"  Followed by two more back to back blows across the ass.
You bite down into the bedding to muffle the scream.  The rose
color of your tan ass can be felt now; rising to the surface like
a wave it spreads to your thighs and hips, warming you in the
cool morning.  You have to pee.

You hear a single word but it comes to close the last blow for
you to catch it.  The sting of it still fresh on your flesh.

"not another sound bitch!"  

Craig steps through the doorway.  From your view all you can see
is his mid thigh to chest.  His hands are bound behind his back
and he has a hard-on.  Plain for you to see, standing out in from
of him proud and red.  It looks as though it's ready to burst,
heavily veined and swollen.  It looks too thick for him.  A small
weight is tied to his balls.

As he stands beside the bed, his cock closer, you see it's
actually quite red almost bruised looking.  It looks like it's
been played with rather harshly.  His balls are stretched tight
and round.

You feel your butt begin to glow, almost swell.  The feeling is
replaced by a cold wetness.  Ice.  Refreshing and cold on your
ass, it pushes the hot glow back.  It's almost pleasurable after
the blows.  The intense coldness is forced into your tight
asshole.  Your helplessness is becoming fully apparent.  You
struggle against the bonds with no success. The cube is worked in
deep with a strong twisting motion.  It forces its way into you,
invading your body, chilling your core, continuing upward
until it feels as though it's in your belly.   

A sickened groan escapes your lips and is met immediately with
another blow.  This one, sharper, thinner, more concentrated but
somehow less painfull.  Then another.

You feel the cold ice exit your ass as water.  It traces a
path along your labia running between your lips and off your
clit.  The water puddles under your bush on the bed.  The urgency
in your bladder is stronger now.

There is movement behind you.  A womans legs appear beside his,
you want to look up but don't dare.  The thighs are well toned
and tan, her pussy is bare except for a small diamond patch at
the top of her crack.  A small golden ring peeks innocently from
her hood.  

Craig is turned to face her, his cockhead touching her ring
perfectly.  Despite your position and the circumstances you feel
excited at the thought of what might follow.  He is moved to the
bed beside you.  His cock now against your cheek.  Short red
fingernails grasp it roughly and point it at your mouth.  A hard
slap at your cheek confirms the request and you open obediently.

She starts the tempo slow, holding the back of your head by the
hair and his balls with the other hand, you are brought together
and apart in a carefully orchestrated blowjob.  Humilliation,
fear and embarisment combine to result in a poor show.  Another
hard slap on your cheek and his cock is removed with a pop and she
hovers over it to instruct you.  

In one smooth motion she covers it from tip to base without so
much as slowing at its length or thickness.  Several times she
bobs, he grunts with a disbelieving sound of approval.  You
feel a familiar tingling and swelling in your cunt.  Your clit
now standing at attention.  Uncontrollably, you make a single
downward grind into the pillows below.  Its all so close to your
face. 

The cock is replaced at your mouth and you attempt to make a
better showing.  She thrusts it at you in long, smooth strokes
you're determined to capture.  His hips turns to their new
pleasure and take up the tempo.  Her hands leave you both.  You
try hard to impress your captor; to avoid another blow.

The woman settles lightly on the small of your back now, the
heels of her shoes tucked into your armpits sharply.  She begins
to kneed and play with your ass, alternately dipping a finger
into your now undeniably wet cunt, then greasing your asshole
with the juice.  The first time her nails lightly scratch your
clit you realize how hot you are.  Your body shudders and you
grind your hips down again to find more.  She laughs outloud.

Your pussy is now peeled open.  Like the petals of a rose each
layer is pulled back to reveal your core.  The hole is quickly
plugged.  A thick humming dildo starts its invasion.  Meanwhile,
his cock thrusts into your face with a familiar urgency. Your
pussy and ass feel stretched to the breaking point.  The
continual pressure eventually stops and a delicious, smooth
backstroke starts.  Every crevise of your pussy unfolded and
caressed.  She works a finger into your slick ass and you muffle
a grunt of approval onto the cock.  Totally stuffed, you pull
back off him to revel in the feeling.

Without warning your bladder releases, but there is no fear or
embarisment.  The feelings are too strong, taken, resigned,
submitted and now given.  A deep spiral begins.  From a place
with no name, no beginning, no end, it builds.  Rolling through
you uncontrollably, making you ripple and buck.  Every orifice
clentches and braces for the release.  It starts from a distance
with a faint sound.  The sound grows louder as the impending
release builds.  It's unstoppable.  Images flash faster.  The echo
of an oncoming train.  A car horn blairing in the distance.  The
cry of a baby.  The ringing of the schoolyard bell.  Bright
light starts to intrude.  The alarm clock dragging you off the
bed, releasing the bonds, removing the plug, the hum.  

You grasp at the breeze, it's come too soon, you aren't there yet.

You awaken...



