     It is Friday evening and Bob is attending a week-end trade show and
     won't be home until Sunday night late.  Bobby is coming home from
     college for the week- end tomorrow and I am really looking forward
     to seeing him.  It's been over a month now.  I am terribly lonesome
     as I am home by myself drinking my third glass of wine while
     watching some stupid program on tv.

     The phone rings.

     "Hello."

     "Hi, Penny, this is Ken....."  My body starts to tingle just
     hearing his voice.  I am so glad to hear from him.

     "Hi, Ken."

     "Is it ok if I come down.  I see Bob's car is not there."

     "Is anyone with you?"  I hope he is alone.  I am not going to let
     him come down if anyone else is with him.

     "Only my girlfriend, Ann."

     "Oh..."  I hope I didn't sound disappointed.  I really wish he were
     alone. "Sure, come on down."

     In a few minutes, there is a knock on the door.  It is Ken and Ann.

     "Penny, this is Ann."

     "Hello, Ann, it's a pleasure to meet you.  You two come in."  We
     shake hands.

     Ann is very tall.  About 5'11" with wavy red hair cascading over
     her shoulders.  She is stunning.  Her skin is very white with
     almost no freckles. Ann is wearing a very short black leather skirt
     and a white blouse.  She is much older than Ken (I would estimate
     about 34-35), and one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen.
     I can see why Ken has fallen for her.  It makes me jealous.

     I feel very drab in my sweat pants and sweat shirt.

     I fix them each a glass of wine and pour myself my fourth glass of
     the night. Ken and Ann sit on the couch and I take the easy chair
     across the room.  We make small talk and have several more drinks
     for almost an hour.

     We begin to talk about the dancing lessons I gave Ken several weeks
     ago.

     "I want to thank you, Penny, for teaching Ken to dance.  He is
     really a good dancer now.  He was too embarrassed to ask me to
     teach him."

     Surely he didn't tell Ann how that dance lesson ended.

     "Why don't we dance now?", Ken suggests

     "OK", agrees Ann

     "I'll put on some music while you two move the coffee table", I
     add.

     I put on a CD of old love songs.

     Ken and Ann begin to dance.  They dance very close, pressing their
     bodies tightly together.  They are a very nice looking couple.  I
     get jealous again watching Ken hold her so close.

     After the first song, Ken asks me to dance and I accept.  I am a
     little wobbly from all the wine tonight.  He holds me close up
     against him and rest my head on his shoulder.  He does dance very
     good.  I close my eyes and fantasize.  I wish Ann weren't here.  I
     would like to take Ken to the bedroom.

     All too soon the song is over.  I don't want to stop.

     "Ok, You have each danced with me, but you haven't danced with each
     other."

     "Oh, Ken ..... don't be silly."  I am appalled at his suggestion.

     "It's ok with me, if Penny doesn't mind.  I would like to dance
     with her."

     Before I can object, Ann walks over to me and puts both arms around
     my waist. The next song starts.  I don't know how to get out of
     this gracefully, so I put my arms on Ann's shoulders and we begin
     to dance.  Ann gently pulls me against her.  Her body is so soft.
     Her beautiful red hair tickles my face.  I have to lay my head on
     her shoulder to keep her hair pressed down so it doesn't tickle me.
     I have never danced slow with another woman.

     Ann strokes my back with both her hands.  One hand slips under my
     sweat shirt. It is incredibly soft and smooth as it glides so
     effortlessly across my back. She very lightly slides her soft hand
     up to my shoulder.

     "Ooooohhhhhhhhhhh........", a very low moan escapes my mouth.  I
     snuggle up even closer to Ann.  Her soft body feels so good against
     mine.  I can feel her breasts pressing on my chest, just above my
     breasts.  Her legs brush against mine.  It feels so wierd to dance
     with another woman.  I have never been this close to another woman
     in my adult life.

     Her hand drifts down my back, across my bra and unhooks it.

     I put my lips on Ann's neck and softly kiss it.

     Her hand slips around to my chest and cups one of my breasts
     underneath my unfastened bra.

     "Oooohhhhhhhh............."

     It feels phenomenal!  I have never had such a feeling in my life.
     Her hands are incredibly soft and smooth on my breast.  I look up
     at Ann and without thinking, I kiss her on the mouth.  It is my
     first kiss with a woman.

     Ann kisses me back, oh so warmly and tenderly.  Her tongue enters
     my mouth. She licks my tongue, the roof of my mouth, my gums, my
     teeth, my lips at the same time she fondles my sensitive breast.

     The room seems to get real hot.  Goose bumps pop up all over my
     body.  My vagina gets wet and my clit tingles.

     I lower my arms to the buttons on this beautiful redhead's blouse.
     My trembling hands slowly unbutton the top button ....... I pause
     to see if she is going to object ....... then I tentatively move my
     quivering hands to the next button.  As I unfasten the second
     button, I notice she doesn't have on a bra.  Lingering a few
     moments, I move to the next button ....... and finally the bottom
     one.  My eyes don't move from her cleavage.  I slowly open her
     blouse and slide it off her soft shoulders.  I uncover the most
     beautiful breasts I have seen in my life!  They are about a "C" cup
     and contoured perfectly, with only a very small amount of sag.  The
     skin on her breasts is creamy white with large, perfectly round
     reddish areolas surrounding pencil eraser size nipples in the
     center.  I place my hand on one of her breasts.

     "Oooooohhhhhh...............",  Ann moans lightly.

     Her succulent breast is so incredibly soft and pliable.  I compress
     it gently to feel it's softness.  I push it up high on her chest
     then move it around in circles.  I tug on her hard nipple.  I am
     fascinated playing with her breasts!

     "Ooooohhhhhh ................"  Ann moans again as she squeezes my
     breast and slides her other hand under the elastic of my sweat
     pants and rubs my bare bottom.

     "It feels so good", I whisper.  I feel my panties getting wetter
     and wetter.

     I lower my head, take one of Ann's pristine nipples into my mouth
     and suck on it.  I lick it and lick circles around it.  It feels so
     good to suck her soft breast.

     "Ooohhhhh ......."  Ann's breathing deepens considerably.

     I haven't sucked a woman's breast since I was a baby.  I feel her
     smooth skin around my mouth.  I put my hand on her other breast,
     cuddle it then play with her hard nipple.

     Ann pulls me up straight, raises my hands over my head, slips my
     sweat shirt over my head and drops it on the floor.  When I lower
     my arms, my unhooked bra slips off my shoulders.  She stands in
     front of me, inspecting my naked breasts.

     I hold my stomach in, shoulders black and stick them out.  I hope
     she likes them.

     She smiles and places a hand on each of my breasts.  She moves them
     around all over my chest.  She holds each nipple and shakes my
     breasts.  Oh, it feels so good!

     I return to her breasts, as I slide my hands all over them and
     press them against her rib cage.  I can't believe how good it feels
     to play with breasts. No wonder boys were always after mine when I
     was younger.

     Ken walks up behind me.

     It startles me because I was so wrapped up in Ann, I forgot he was
     here!

     He places his hands on the elastic waistband of my sweat pants and
     slides them down to the floor along with my panties.

     l step out of them while still holding Ann's supple breasts.

     Ken moves behind Ann, unfastens her skirt, lowers it and her
     panties.

     She never releases my breasts as she steps out of them.  One hand
     leaves my breast and finds my pubic region, clasps a handful of my
     soft hairs and pulls me close to her.  She kisses me full on the
     mouth, this time with much passion.  Her finger sinks between my
     engorged outer lips, slides to my wet orifice and enters me.

     "Oooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh......................"  I spread
     my legs wider so that she will have no trouble getting as deep into
     me as possible.

     She slides her finger out of me, glides it all over my genitals,
     exploring every nook and cranny, then back between my lips to my
     clit.

     "Oooohhhh yes ........ yes ...... yes ......... oh YES!"

     My hands leave Ann's precious breasts and I wrap my arms around her
     beautiful body and hug her tight, pressing our breasts together.
     My legs are so weak, I have to hold on to Ann to keep from losing
     my balance.

     "Ooohhhh yes ............. Please don't stop ....... just a little
     more ..... I'm going to cum!"

     In just a few seconds, I tremble all over, arch my tingling pussy
     toward her and begin a huge climax.

     "Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhh ............. I'm cuuuuuummming ...........
     rub my puuuuussssssyyyyyyy!"

     I kiss Ann on the mouth and slide my tongue inside.  I move my
     hands to her firm round butt and pull her genitals against mine.  I
     slide my hands all over her butt, which is incredibly round, solid,
     and oh, so smooth.  It feels so good to have our naked bodies
     touching.  Our breasts, cuddled between our arms, are pressing
     together.  Our lips are locked in passionate ecstacy.

     I maneuver one hand to Ann's genital area.  I am shocked to find NO
     HAIRS! Not even stubble.  Her pubic mound is just as smooth as her
     butt!  As I slide my hand around her pubic bone, I discover the
     dimple that is at the top of her crevice.  I slowly glide my
     fingers over her smooth fur-less lips.

     "Oooooohhhh ......... yes, Penny ........ feel my pussy ......."

     The beautiful redhead spreads her legs.

     Her pussy lips are smooth, wet and slippery.  My fingers slide over
     them very easily.  One finger dips between them into her very deep
     chasm and finds her hard little knot.

     "OH YEEEESSSSSS .......... RUB THERE!"

     She presses her clit against my finger.  I massage her clit for a
     few minutes, but then, my curiosity gets the best of me.  I slide
     my finger lower and then up inside her.  Her pussy is so hot.  It
     is real soft and slippery inside.

     She spreads her legs wider.

     I slide in another finger, then another.  The heat from her pussy
     is amazing. I rub my palm on her soft puffy lips.  Unable to resist
     any longer, I lower myself to my knees and gaze at the most
     beautiful pussy in the world.  Two beautiful swollen red lips.  Not
     a hair anywhere.  My wet fingers sliding in and out.  Her legs are
     spread.  A cute little clit peeking from between her gorgeous
     enlarged vulva.  I pucker my lips, lean over and touch them to her.
     I extend my tongue into her valley of passion.

     "Ooooohhhhh ........... Pennnnnnnnyyyyyy!"  She presses her pussy
     against my mouth.  Her legs spread still wider.  She is having a
     hard time standing.

     "Lay on the floor."

     Ann lays on the thickly carpeted floor and spreads her legs wide.
     I slide a pillow from the easy chair under her rear to make her
     pussy easier to get to. Her hairless pubic area is unbelievably
     beautiful as she lays on the floor with her legs widely sprawled.

     I kneel between her legs and lower my mouth back to her drenched
     musky crotch. I slide my tongue into her hot opening and lick her
     inner walls.

     "Yeeessssss!"

     I am astounded.  I thought it would taste bad.  It doesn't.  I
     actually tastes great!  I lick her between her luscious lips,
     across her clit, all the way to the top of her crack and back down
     again.

     "Ooooohhhhhhhhhhh ................... Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!"

     I suck her clit into my mouth.  I do all the things to her that I
     love to have done to me.  She is going wild.  Her body tenses.  She
     is near orgasm.

     I don't want her to cum yet.  I want to lick her pussy more.  I
     remove my mouth and tongue from her.

     "Nooooo ........... I'm about ........... to cum ......... don't
     stop!"

     I lick the inside of her incredibly smooth thigh.  I kiss, then
     suck on her hairless pubic mound, above her crack.  I kiss her
     other thigh.  I lick that narrow area between her outer lips and
     thighs.

     "Penny, Please ........ lick me ......... lick my pussy ........ I
     need to cum!"

     I move my head up to her delectable tits and suck on them for a few
     minutes.

     "Please, please ................ suck my pussy!"

     I shift my body 180 degrees to a position where my knees are above
     her head so she can suck my tits while I suck hers.  I lower my tit
     into her mouth.  She gladly accepts it and begins eagerly sucking.
     Ann really knows how to suck tits.

     I work my way back down her lovely torso, back to her bald pussy.

     "Ooohhhhh yeeesssss! .......... don't stop ........ make me cum!"

     She spreads my legs and begins to lick my pussy for the first time.

     "Yeeesssss! ........."

     She slips her tongue inside me.  Her tongue is fantastic!  The way
     she twists it, licks my inner walls, and curls it gives me feelings
     inside my pussy I have never had before.  She licks up and down my
     crack several times then sucks my clit into her mouth.

     We both approach orgasm together.

     "Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!"

     "Oooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!"

     We tense our bodies and scream out together.

     "Yeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

     "Yeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

     We relax and I lower my full weight onto Ann's delectable body.
     Both bodies are wet all over.  After several minutes, I roll off
     Ann and reposition myself so that I am laying beside her.  We kiss.
     I look up a Ken who is now naked on the couch, playing with
     himself.

     "Have we left you out, Sweetie?  Come down here with us on."

     Ken lays between us.  The three of us are laying on our backs on
     the living room floor.   Ken rests one hand on my pussy and one on
     Ann's.  His finger dips between my lips and finds my clit.

     "Ooohhhhhhh ........"  I moan quietly as my pelvis hunches upward.

     "Ooohhhhhh ........."  He must have found Ann's clit, as she moans
     also.

     I reach for his dick.  Ann's hand is already there.  I place my
     hand on her's and we both slide up and down his hard shaft.

     Ann moves her head down to his shank and places her mouth around
     it.  She maneuvers her body so that her smooth pussy is right in
     front of my face.

     I gladly stick my tongue between her scrumptious lips and lick her
     hard little knot.  Feeling left out, I steer my pussy to Ken's face
     and he wastes no time. He immediately begins licking my most
     sensitive area.  I guess this is what is known as a "daisy chain".

     After a very few minutes, we all three cum and collapse into a pile
     on the floor.  I can't think of two more beautiful people to be in
     a pile with.

     When they leave, I kiss them both passionately and tell them that I
     would like to do it again.

     It is Saturday about 3 p.m. and Bobby is due home from college any
     minute now. It has been about 6 weeks since I have seen him and I
     am looking forward to it.

     Doing my usual Saturday household chores, I have already changed
     the sheets on Bobby's bed, cleaned his room and done the washing.
     Bobby always brings home some clothes for me to wash.

     I hear Bobby come in the door and rush to meet him.  I put my arms
     around his neck and hug him tightly.  He gives a superficial hug
     back.  He has never been one to hug his mother with enthusiasm.

     We sit in the living room and talk for a few hours.  It is nice to
     have him here with Bob gone.  It gives me a chance to talk to him
     privately.

     Tonight, he goes to a party at a friends house and returns around
     midnight.  I am already in bed, but since I am not asleep, I get up
     to talk to him some more.  He isn't interested in talking and
     immediately goes to his room to bed. I give him a few seconds to
     get in bed and then I go in.  He is laying on his water bed with
     the covers up to his waist.  He always sleeps nothing but his
     underwear.

     "Is anything wrong, Bobby?", I ask as I lay on the bed beside him.
     I am concerned because Bobby is usually such an upbeat kid.  We
     talk for a few minutes and he offers no clue as to what is
     bothering him.  I can tell by his slurred speech that he has been
     drinking heavily.

     Bobby turns on his side and faces me.  I am laying on my back and
     Bobby's head rests on my shoulder.  His hand lands on my stomach.
     I don't think he even realizes that it is there.  I drift off to
     sleep with his fingers moving ever so slightly on my tummy.

     Sometime later I awaken and realize that Bobby's hand is laying on
     my breast! It is moving very very slowly around, exploring.  Not
     knowing if he is awake or asleep, I am afraid to look in his
     direction.  His head is still laying on my right shoulder and arm
     and I use my left hand to remove his hand from my breast.  I place
     it on my stomach and He lets it lay there for a few seconds then
     slides it down to my crotch and cups it in his hand!  I quickly
     cross my legs and take his hand off me.

     "Bobby!  Stop that!  I'M YOUR MOTHER!"

     "You did it with Ken and Steve and you will do it with me."

     I am stunned!  Those words hit me like a ton of bricks.  He must
     have found out at the party.  I guess the whole town knows.  I
     don't know what to say or do!

     Bobby's hand slips under my gown and boldly fondles my breasts
     underneath.  I am too dazed to react.  I just lay there and let him
     feel me.  His hand moves from one breast to the other, roughly
     squeezing and pressing.  My nipples become erect as he pulls them
     and rolls them between his fingers.  He pulls my gown up over my
     chest, exposing my two white mounds and the pink nipples at their
     tips.  First he studies them for several minutes, especially my
     hard nipples, then he sucks them like he did when he was a newborn
     baby.

     Why did I let myself get carried away with Ken and then with Steve?
     I wish I hadn't let that happen.  It's all my fault.  I am a slut
     and now my son knows it.  I am sure the whole world knows it.  What
     am I going to do?

     Bobby's hand slides across my bare abdomen to my panty-less crotch.
     My legs are tightly crossed, but he fools around with my hairs for
     a few minutes.  He dips his finger into the top of my crack and
     tries to move it further down, but my legs are squeezed together
     too tightly.  I hope he realizes what he is doing and stops.

     "Relax your legs", Bobby orders.

     Before I think, I do as I am ordered.

     Bobby spreads my legs with his hand.  His finger drifts between my
     lips.  I am still paralyzed, so humiliated that my son found out
     about my serious indiscretions.  His finger drifts over my
     sensitive lips making my love juices flow.

     "Uuuhhh.......", I gasp as my breathing deepens as his finger sinks
     inside me. My legs spread slightly wider.  His mouth returns to my
     breast and sucks my nipple once again while his finger is slipping
     in and out of me.  He moves his finger up to my clit.

     "Oooohhh......."

     My hips involuntarily begin to move up and down.  It is feeling
     good.  No! This is very wrong.  I'm not supposed to do this with my
     son!  He is rough with me, but I am getting turned on.

     "Ooohhhhh ........ Bobby, PLEASE don't ........ I'm very sorry I
     did what I did."

     "You are going to pay for all the embarrassment you have caused me.
     I always thought I had the sexiest mom around, now I am going to
     fuck that sexy body of yours.  I have always dreamed about it.  You
     owe me."

     His free hand takes my wrist and moves my hand under the covers to
     his erect penis.  Immediately, my fingers encircle it, but my hand
     doesn't move.  Tears roll down my cheeks.

     Bobby's hand explores my genital area completely.  His fingers
     cover my lips and clit and dip into my wet vagina again and again.
     He toys with my hairs. He returns to my clit and concentrates there
     for a few more minutes.

     "Oooohhhhhhhh!!!!......"  My breathing quickens even more.  My legs
     spread wider.  My hand begins to slide up and down Bobby's stiff
     pole as my pussy gets soaked in my juices.

     Bobby squeezes my pussy lips between his thumb and finger and pulls
     them hard, lifting my butt off the bed.  It hurts, but I don't let
     him know it.  I know he is trying to hurt me.  I have never been
     picked up by the pussy lips before.  He pulls the covers off
     himself and sits on my rib cage with his hard penis pointing
     between my naked breasts.  I had no idea that his cock was so
     large.  He takes my hands in his and lays them on the outside edges
     of my breasts and forces them together, pressing my breasts around
     his aroused dick. He begins hunching his penis between my breasts.
     My own son is fucking my tits!  I am wet with perspiration and his
     organ slides very well between my soft mounds.  I realize that he
     has moved his hands and my hands are pressing my breasts around his
     cock.  His left hand reaches behind him and finds my pussy again.
     This time he slides several fingers in.

     "Oooohhhhhhh......."

     Bobby stops hunching.  "Massage my dick with your tits."

     I remove my hands from my breasts and put them beside me.

     Bobby slaps both my breasts hard with his open hands.

     "OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

     I quickly place both my hands on my burning breasts.

     "Now......massage my dick with your tits."

     I move my breasts around with my hands, massaging his swollen cock.

     "Oh, yes ........... that feels good!"

     Bobby slides higher on my chest, his penis resting on my face.

     "No, Bobby, Please don't force your mother to do this to you.
     Don't put it in my mouth!"

     He places one hand behind my head and the other encircles his penis
     and he presses it to my mouth.  He forces my mouth open and slides
     his dick inside.

     "Mmmmmppphhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.................."

     I can't stop him.  He slides it all the way down my throat.  I have
     to fight not to gag.  He slides it back and forth in my mouth.  I
     reluctantly begin to suck.

     "Mmmmppppphhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh................"

     He reaches behind and again plays with my pussy as he rides my
     chest.  I notice that my hips are again moving up and down with his
     fingers.  It really feels good and his cock tastes good also.  I
     begin sucking him seriously now.

     Bobby gets up and turns around on his knees so that his dick is
     right over my mouth and his head is at my pussy.  His tongue enters
     my widely spread crack and finds my clit.

     "Oooooooohhhhhh............Booooooooobbbbyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!!!!?

     I have to raise my head off the pillow to reach his dick with my
     mouth.  It is embarrassing, but I really want to suck his rigid
     cock.  Sucking just the very tip into my mouth, I apply a lot of
     suction on it.  In just a few seconds it explodes with a salty
     mouthful of cum.  I swallow the cum as he lowers his entire body
     weight on me, lowering the entire length of his softening dick into
     my mouth.

     Bobby continues to lick my pussy all over.

     "Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh.............yyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssss!"

     He inserts his tongue inside my pussy and laps my juices.

     "Oooooooohhhhhhhhh..................!"

     He runs his tongue the entire length of the wide open fissure
     between my tingling cunt lips.

     "Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh................!"

     He sucks my clit into his mouth.

     "Ooooooooohhhhhhhhhh ............... yyyyyeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssss
     ............ I'm cuuuuuuummmmmmmmmminggggggggg! ..............
     Suuuuuuuck myyyyyyyyy ...... puuuuuuuuuusssssyyyyyyyyyy!"

     As Bobby shifts his position again, his young penis begins to grow
     again.  He kneels between my widely spread legs, takes his dick in
     his hand and slides it up and down between my wet lips a few times.
     Then he finds my opening and rams it into me with one fast hard
     stroke.

     "OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH ................GOD!!!!"

     He thrusts with very long, very fast, very hard strokes.

     "OH ....... OH ....... OH GOD ........... OH ........ OH YES
     ......... DO IT ....... OH .......... FUCK ME ............... OH
     ........... FUCK ME ..... ....OH BOBBY .......... OH .......... YES
     ..............."

     Bobby's hand finds my sore breast and squeezes it hard.

     "Oh Bobby .................. I'm so sorry ........... I hurt you
     ............ Please forgive ...............me ................ Oh
     .............. oh........ ram it ............. in me
     ................ yes ............ ram me ......."

     Bobby arches his back and I feel his penis jerking inside me.  The
     thought of him cumming inside me makes me cum again also.

     We both relax as Bobby rolls over on to the bed beside me.

     "God Mom, you were great!  I guess you just don't think of your own
     mom being so good in bed.  I'm sorry if I hurt you, but I wanted to
     hurt you, just as you hurt me."

     "I know darling, it's ok.  We've both been hurt.  I'm so sorry I
     have acted the way I have.  I promise it won't happen again."

     We embrace and fall asleep.

     In the morning, I wake up with my nose itching.  I try to move my
     hand to it but it won't move.  Neither will the other one!  Am I
     paralyzed?  I look over at Bobby.  He is gone.  Looking up at my
     hand, I see that it is tied to the headboard of Bobby's water bed.
     The blanket is over me, but I feel my legs being held apart.  Bobby
     has tied me spread-eagle on the bed!

     "Good morning, Mom", Bobby cheerfully remarks as he walks into the
     bedroom. He is already dressed, wearing cut off blue jean shorts
     and a tank top.

     "Bobby, untie me, now!"

     "Not just yet, Mom.  I am not finished yet."

     He pulls the blanket all the way off the bed, exposing my naked
     body to the bright room light.  I am so embarrassed, I want to
     hide, but can't.  Sitting on the bed beside me, he grasps one of my
     bare breasts and shakes it.

     "How are your lovely titties doing this morning?"

     "BOBBY, STOP IT!!"

     "And your cute little nipples?"

     He squeezes one and shakes it.

     "BOBBY, DON'T!!"

     "Is your pussy feeling sexy this morning?"

     He slaps my wide open pussy several times, harder than I like.  It
     hurts and my body flinches with each whack, creating waves on the
     water bed.

     I begin to sob, "Please don't, Bobby, darling."

     Bobby lays on the bed beside me, cuddles up close to me and rubs my
     breasts. He sucks on a nipple and his hand drifts down to my crotch
     and he massages my very responsive zone.  My juices instantly begin
     to flow.  He slides several fingers inside me.

     I cannot put my legs together, because they are tied to the foot
     board on the bed.  I try to struggle free, but the ropes are
     securely tied.  I am helpless and at Bobby's mercy.

     Bobby stands up and removes his clothes and straddles me, sitting
     on my tummy with a knee on each side.  He roughly kneads both my
     breasts at the same time.

     "You really have nice titties, Mom."

     I blush.  I am so embarrassed and humiliated.  My only son is
     sitting on my stomach, roughly groping my breasts.  Knowing that he
     is trying to decide what to do to me next, I try to struggle free
     one more time.  It is hopeless.

     Bobby shifts higher and straddles my head with his knees and sits
     on my chest.

     "I think I want you to lick my balls."

     "No, Bobby, Please........"

     He reaches behind him and tightly squeezes my breast.  I hurts so
     bad!  I stick my tongue out and lick his balls.  The hair on his
     balls tickles my nose and chin.

     "Ohhhh....................yes, Mom............ that feels so
     good!!"

     As I continue to lick, he reaches further back and pokes his
     fingers inside me again.  My pussy instantly gets very drenched in
     my juices.

     "Take one of my balls into your mouth."

     I do as instructed.  Tied up like I am, I am helpless and  can't
     stop him from doing anything he wants.

     "Now, lick it while it is inside."

     I maneuver my tongue all around his ball inside my mouth while he
     continues to molest me between my outstretched legs.  He pinches my
     clit between his fingers.  It is too rough and doesn't feel good.

     "I want to cum now, Mom.  Suck me off."  He sticks his hard penis
     in my mouth and I immediately begin sucking.  He tastes so good
     that I don't mind sucking him, if he just wouldn't be so rough with
     me.

     He slides his dick in and out while I suck him as good as I can,
     and I think that is pretty damn good.

     "OOOHHHHHH.........MOM...........YOU ARE ......... A GREAT
     ............... COCKSUCKER!!!!!................."

     Just as he says that, he fills my mouth with his jism.  He crams
     his fingers into my pussy and then places them on my lips.

     "Lick your pussy juice off my fingers."

     Again, being helplessly tied, I do as instructed.  I lick my juices
     from his fingers.

     "BING...............BONG.................."

     The doorbell.  I freeze.  Who could it be.

     "Bobby, untie me, quick, someone is at the door!"

     Bobby, putting on his shorts and shirt replies, "Don't get excited,
     Mom.  I called some friends and invited them over while you were
     still asleep.  It's probably just some of them."  He walks out of
     the room.

     I hear him open the door.  I hear voices, but can't tell how many.
     Listening real close, I discover they have some beer and they are
     sitting in the living room talking.  I am real quiet, still tied
     spread eagle on Bobby's water bed, struggling to free myself.  I
     soon discover to my horror that it is hopeless, I can't get loose.
     It is about midmorning and very bright in the room.  I am surprised
     that these boys are up so early.  Usually Bobby sleeps til noon on
     Sunday.  I look at the door and to my horror, I notice that Bobby
     left the door wide open.  Anyone walking down the hall can see me
     laying naked on the bed.  I don't know how to get out of this mess.

     "Hi, Penny."

     "JIMMY!"

     It is one of Bobby's old high school classmates.  He has never
     called me by my first name before.  He walks over to the bed and
     sits beside me.

     "God, Penny.  You're beautiful."  His eyes roam over my entire
     body, helplessly exposed before him.  His eyes are wide as he
     visually explores every inch of me.

     "Jimmy, Please untie me."  I blush as he continues to examine me
     with his eyes.

     "I can't do that.  The other guys would kill me."

     "Jimmy, I have a hundred dollars.  You can have it and I will meet
     you one night next week and you can do anything you wish to me.  I
     will be your slave for a night."

     "I can do anything I want to you right now."

     He reaches over and cups my left breast in his hand.

     "Uuuhhhhh ................. No, Jimmy, don't."

     He very lightly moves my tender mound in circles.  He tweaks my
     nipple and then watches it as it quickly hardens.  He is very
     gentle and moves very slowly.  He leans over and sucks my nipple
     into his mouth.

     "Oooohhhhh .......... Please don't ........."

     His hand roams down to my widely spread crotch.  He very delicately
     explores my outer lips with his fingers.  I feel myself getting
     wet.  No!  I don't want to get wet.  It will just encourage him.
     He will think I am getting turned on.

     "Please untie ............. me ..................
     OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"

      His finger slides between my lips and into my drenched cunt.
     Jimmy fingers me for several minutes.

     "Penny, You're so wet!  You are REALLY turned on.  Steve was right,
     you really are a hot woman."

     Damn that Steve!  He has told the whole world that I am "putting
     out".  That son-of-a-bitch probably gave a blow by blow description
     of his night with me.

     "No, Jimmy ................. It's not true ................. I'm
     not hot .... please, please ............ untie me ...............
     and let me up........"

     "No, you're so hot, your pussy is on fire.  I've got to fuck you
     NOW."

     Jimmy stands up and takes off his pants, kneels between my legs,
     and places the head of his dick at my opening.  I am defenseless.

     "No, Jimmy ............. Please don't .............. do
     this............ to me
     ...............NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooooooo!"

     He enters me and pumps with long slow strokes.  Oh, God, it feels
     good.  His penis is smaller than the others I've had recently and
     feels so good sliding slowly in and out.  My pelvis soon
     unconsciously starts to hunch with him.

     His hand reaches to my breast and begins to massage it once more.

     "Oh, you have nice tits, Penny."

     Man, I've heard that before, but Jimmy is expert at handling
     breasts.  And the way he pumps his penis in and out of me with such
     long slow strokes feels incredible.  I feel an orgasm approaching.

     "Ohhhhh ............. Jimmy ..................... keep fucking
     ............ me, just ................ like you
     .................are ................. it feels ..................
     so good! .............. I'm gonna ............... cum.......
     oooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh .............. yyyyeeeeeeeesssssssss .......
     I'm
     CUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!"

     I feel Jimmy's cock spurting its load inside me.  Sweat drops off
     his head onto my face.  When he finishes, he lowers his head and
     sucks my nipple just a few more minutes then gets up, gets dressed
     and leaves the room.

     "Jimmy, don't leave me like this.  Please, please untie me."

     "Hi, Penny."

     It's Don, another of Bobby's high school buddies.

     "Don, Please untie me.  I will do anything you want."

     "I don't think I want to untie you just yet, Penny.  Damn, your
     body's sexy. I always thought you were the sexiest mom around."

     Now its Don's turn to visually examine every inch of my naked
     defenseless body.  He sits beside me on the bed and his hand
     immediately reaches for my crotch.

     "I love a hot pussy, and you have one of the hottest.  I always
     knew you were a hot mom."

     I know it is useless to fight these boys.  "Well come on and fuck
     me, big boy. Show Mama what you've got."

     Don waists no time in getting his clothes off.  His cock is already
     hard.  I know they have been sitting in the other room drinking
     beer and talking about fucking me.

     Don lowers himself on me and his large dick slides easily inside my
     soaking pussy.  He pounds me much harder than Jimmy did.  I start
     hunching back.  Don sure has a lot of self control for a young man.
     He fucks me for about thirty minutes and shows no sigh of cumming.

     One of the other boys gets impatient and pokes his head in the door
     to see what is happening.

     "Come ....... on .......... in ........... yes ............ fuck me
     ........ oh yessssss ............. I'M
     CUMMMMMMMMIINGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!"

     I don't recognize the other boy, but he accepts my invitation,
     strips and straddles my face.  His penis is flaccid, but he lowers
     it into my waiting mouth.  His entire soft dick fits easily inside
     my mouth and I begin to suck it, still enjoying Don pounding his
     hard rod into my pussy.  The strange boy's dick begins to grow
     inside my mouth.  I hear others coming into the room.

     Someone unties my right wrist and places my hand on his cock.  My
     left hand is untied and placed around another hard dick.  I stroke
     them both.  The other boy's dick begins to grow down my throat.  A
     hand strokes my left breast and I feel another hand on my right
     one.  Someone licks my clit.  By the softness of the face, I know I
     must be a female.  She licks my clit for a few seconds then moves
     to Don's shaft still pumping in and out of my pussy.  Then she
     returns to my clit, then back to Don's dick, then again on my clit.

     I hear voices talking.

     "Hurry up, Don, I want to fuck her."

     "No, I'm next."

     "I just want to fuck her mouth!"

     "Look at her fuck!"

     "Man, she has great tits."

     "Look at that spread out pussy!"

     I explode into a monstrous orgasm.  I have never felt so many
     sensations in my life!  Don rams my pussy, while some young lady
     licks my clit.  Two people are fondling my breasts while I jack off
     two young studs and suck another.  My orgasm triggers one in the
     young man I am sucking and he explodes a ton of cum into my mouth.
     Don, unable to control himself any longer, gushes his cum into my
     pussy.  The people playing with my breasts pinch my nipples.  The
     boys whose dicks I am so violently stroking, begin to release their
     load and I point them to my breast and let them shoot their hot
     stuff on them.  I feel like I will never stop cumming!

     The boy straddling my face rolls over on the bed and is replaced by
     someone else.  My eyes are closed in orgasm, so I open my mouth to
     accept the next big dick.  I feel fur on my lips, but no dick.  I
     am still cumming.  I open my eyes to see a naked young pussy
     hovering over mouth.

     "Nooooooo ............. Mphmphmmmmphmmmmmmmm ........."

     She lowers her pussy onto my mouth, stifling my words.  I try to
     turn my head to the side, but her knees are too close to my head
     and I can't move it.  I feel another dick slide into my drenched
     pussy.  The girl slides her musky smelling pussy all over my face.
     She lowers her skirt over my head and since no one can see, I begin
     to lick her sweet pussy.  When she raises her skirt, I stop licking
     and start trying to free my head again.  I don't want anyone to see
     me licking a pussy.  She lowers her skirt back over my head and I
     resume eating her.  I really like eating pussy.  I used to think it
     would be very repulsive, but I found out very different.  Eating
     pussy is much more enjoyable than sucking dicks.

     "Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh ................ I'M
     CUUUUMMMMMMMIIINNNNGGGG!!!!"

     The girl cums while my tongue slides up and down her slit.  It
     causes me to have the strongest orgasm I have ever had.  Having a
     large dick pump my pussy while a sweet tasting pussy is on my face
     and having both tits played with is just too much for me.  I pass
     out from the excitement.

     I wake up some time later.  The bed is soaking wet from sweat and
     cum. Everyone has left.  Bobby is naked lying next to me.  He
     reaches over and cups my very sore breast in his hand.

     "Hi, Mom, how do you feel?"

     "Very sore.  That was unbelievable."

     "Yea, I know.  I really go off watching you fuck and suck all those
     people."

     "Oh, Bobby, please hold me in your arms."

     Bobby rolls over on top of me and slides his hard penis into my
     sore vagina. Very slowly, he pumps in and out.  I hope this new
     relationship with my son continues.  At this moment, I feel closer
     to him than I ever have.




