(c) Copyright 1996 Conure.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



Subject: Golden Gate Bridge by Conure (Dad/Daughter Cons Inc)

                       Golden Gate Bridge
                            By Conure
                                
                                
                                
                                
      Hi!   My  name  is Karen.  This is the story of  my  summer
vacation when I was thirteen.

      My mother had died the summer before, the Big C.  My father
had  got  real  depressed and worked a lot  to  cover  the  money
problems.

      Finally, summer came and he promised we were going  to  get
away.  He was four weeks of vacation and decided we were going to
go  to California and we could hit the beaches and maybe we could
both get laid (This embarrassed me at the time, little did I know
what plans my father had for me!).

      Maybe  before I go any further, I should tell you a  little
about myself.  I'm 5'4, glowing blue eyes (so I'm told), and long
blond  hair.  The boys all fall over me at school and it gets  to
be  boring turning all those schmucks down.  I only want one  guy
in my life right now, and that's my Dad.

      He took me to the mall and told me to pick out some bathing
suits  for the beach.  I tried a couple on, and he said they  fit
perfect,  but  what  I didn't know is that while  I  was  getting
dressed,  he  went back to the racks and pulled out  the  same  5
suits  but one size smaller!!!!  I got a funny tingly feeling  in
my  tummy showing my Dad my great bod in these little suits.   He
went  and said they would do.

      The  morning of the trip I showered and slid into the great
outfit  that  Dad bought me to wear out to California.   First  I
slid into the shear lace g-string panties, and then pulled on the
white 1/2 shirt, it has a very wide neckline, always sliding down
and leaving one shoulder bare, making it impossible to wear a bra
(He told me ALL the shirts he bought me were like that, no use in
packing any support!!!).

     I pulled on the short Denim Miniskirt (which was slit up the
side  so my leg really showed) and knit ankle socks.  He  knew  I
wasn't  into  heels,  so he bought me a great  pair  of  designer
sneaks that went great.  I checked out my look in the mirror  and
got very excited.  I couldn't wait till he saw me!

      I  quietly walked down the stairs and into the kitchen.   I
startled him, "Daddy, how do I look?"

      He spun around and I couldn't believe the look on his face.
He was in shock, "Why, you are absolutely... HOT!"  I ran over to
him and smothered him in kisses, "I love you Daddy."

      "I love you too, Honey!!!"  He gave me a bear hug that made
me whimper (which he seemed to like) and let go.  "Come on, I got
the stuff in the car.  Let's get out of here so we don't miss the
plane!"  He took my hand and we ran out.

     The plane ride was great.  We got seated next to a beautiful
hunk.   This guy was built.  We made small talk, and he  said  he
was tired so covered up with a blanket.

      It  was cool in the plane and he saw me shiver.  He offered
to  share his blanket with me and I accepted.  When he placed  it
over  my lap, his hand rubbed the inside of my left thigh sending
chills  up my spine.  I looked over at him and he was smiling  at
me, his hand now sliding closer to my crotch.

      I  looked  over  at my father and he was sound  asleep.   I
dropped my seat back and spread my legs a little for him.  It was
fantastic.  When his hand got to my mound, I was sopping wet.   I
never  felt anything like this before.  My boobs felt funny,  and
when  I opened my eyes and looked down, my nipples were hard  and
poking through the shirt, making them visible to all who looked.

      They kid next to me was smiling and pushing my panties into
my  slit.  When he got a little ways in, I gasped as he stated to
rub. He placed his finger over my lips to hush me.  He worked his
fingers  back and forth under my skirt until I felt a dizzy  rush
hit me.

     I clutched the arm-rests as my belly tightened and it became
hard  to  breath.  I thought I was going to lose control when  it
subsided.   The boy brought his hand out from under  the  blanket
and sucked on one of his fingers, he offered the other to me.   I
didn't know what to do so sucked it into my mouth.  The taste was
strange, but exciting.

     I excused myself and got up to go to the bathroom to freshen
up.   When I came back, the boy was asleep and Daddy had woke up.
"You okay honey?"

     "Yeah, fine Daddy."  He kissed me on the cheek and went back
to  sleep.   I spent the rest of the trip dreaming of  the  sunny
California beaches that my father and I were going to explore.

                        Sunny California
                                
      We finally arrived in California at 9am their time.  We got
the rental car and drove off.  Dad said he had a big surprise for
me  as  we  pulled off the road and got a beautiful view  of  the
Golden Gate Bridge.  It was the spot where almost every scene  of
the bridge is shot from.  It was breath-taking.

     "Hey Honey, why don't you go stand over there and I'll get a
shot  of  you with the bridge in the background for your  friends
back home."
      "Okay,"  and  I wandered over to the area  he  pointed.   I
struck a few poses.  I was feeling horny from all the rubbing  on
the  plane and decided to take a chance.  "Daddy, hang on a sec."
I  ran over to the minivan and got inside.  I stripped down to my
panties  and t-shirt.  I peaked around to make sure  no  one  was
around, then ran out and stood in the same spot.

     It isn't the first time Daddy has taken pics of me this way,
actually  most times during the summers he takes lots of pictures
of  me topless (which is how I lay at the pool).  He has a couple
of me totally naked, but I am always covering my pussy.

      This excited him, I could see the bulge in his shorts.  And
I'd  be  a  liar  if  I told you I wasn't excited,  either.   Dad
clicked  away  until we heard a car pull in.  I bolted  into  the
truck and we left.

      When  we arrived at the hotel, I ran into the bathroom  and
changed.   I put on a pair of skintight red shorts and a matching
red  shirt  that stopped short just below my tits.  I thought  it
might turn daddy on even more if he could see my tan belly.

      I was so excited my nipples were showing through the cotton
shirt.   I  walked out of the bathroom and over to the bed  where
Daddy was laying.

     "Hi Honey," he said,"You wanna go to the beach?"

      I  laid down next to him, resting my chin on my hands, "Not
right now, but I have another idea, though."

      "Oh  yeah?   And  what might that be, Honey?"   I  saw  him
swallow hard!!  Great, I have him!!!

      I locked my eyes on his, he couldn't look away.  I got onto
my  knees on the bed and put my hands on the snaps of my  shorts.
I  undid each one with a Snap!  As I opened my shorts I could see
his  eyes drawn to the view it was giving.  I knew he could begin
to see my blond pussy hair, making it known that I had no panties
on.

      All of my pussy hair was exposed, I could tell he loved the
look of the fine blonde, and curled fluff.

      I  stood  and slowly began to pull my shorts down  over  my
hips,  dropping the shorts to the floor.  I spread my legs  wide,
revealing my pussy, the lips parted slightly making me shiver  as
the cool air of the room hit my clit.  I reached up and pulled my
shirt  off,  showing him my small firm breasts.  My nipples  were
standing  tall as the air hit them.  His eyes were  glued  to  my
chest, watching it rise and fall with each excited breath I took.

      "Daddy,  I need..." I said, my voice just above  a  sensual
whisper,  "you to fuck me in the pussy and mouth."  I lowered  my
hand  to  my pussy and started stroking the area around  my  hard
clit with my index finger.

      "Please  Daddy, I'll be your sex slave the entire vacation.
What  do you say, Daddy, I need it so bad..."  He smiled  at  me,
and I found myself smiling in return.

      Up to this point Daddy had been too stunned to speak.     I
was  offering my perfect body to him for a lifetime.  He  reached
out  to  me  and  I straddled his legs, kneeling down  and  began
tugging  at  his zipper with one hand while I massaged  his  hard
cock through his pants with the other.

     I removed his fat cock from his pants, and began to jerk the
shaft slowly as I blew a current of air at the head.

     "You have a pretty cock, Daddy," I said.  "Would you like me
to suck this pretty cock with my young mouth?"

     "Yes," he responded mesmerized.

     "Yes?  Shall I let you cum in my mouth?"  I asked, biting my
lip.   I swayed my head back and forth, allowing my hair to  just
barely brush his thighs.

     He nodded, unable to speak.

      "Oh, I can't wait to taste your cum in my mouth, burning my
throat  as I swallow it..."   I snaked my tongue from between  my
lips  and licked the head as I continued to jack his cock  shaft.
Daddy was obviously enjoying this, he grunted at the sensation.

      I smiled, opened my lips and took the head of his cock into
my hot wet mouth.

     I applied a light suction as I bathed the head of his dick
with  slow,  wet, lingering strokes.  I swallowed the  head  deep
into  my mouth, allowing my tongue and lips to slide farther down
his  hard  shaft until about half his cock was buried inside.   I
did it slowly, my lips and tongue never stopping.

      I  started  to suck faster, my head bobbing as I  took  his
shaft in and out of my mouth.  On each downstroke I swallowed him
deeper.

      I felt his balls begin to tighten up and I took him all the
way  to  the  base of his cock.  I took him all the way  into  my
mouth and down my throat.  I began twisting my head from side  to
side. He was going to cum any second now, and I knew it was going
to   be  a  massive  orgasm.   My  head  was  swimming  from  the
excitement.

      It  wasn't long until the first spurt, it felt like a  hose
had been turned on in my mouth.  He cum poured out in thick gobs.
I  was  surprised that I could swallow it all, but it was  a  big
strain.  Suddenly,  more  cum started pouring  out,  spurt  after
spurt,  more  cum than I thought a man could possibly  have,  and
soon my mouth was overwhelmed.  I could feel thick strings of cum
squeeze  out  of  the corners of my mouth.  I  stretched  out  my
tongue  straining to catch them.  Soon the cum was dripping  onto
his balls mixed with my hot saliva.









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....