
  	We were walking on a beach in the afternoon.  There was a warm
breeze and a mild surf.   You wear wearing a light pair of white cotton
pants with heavy, ribbed cotton panties, and a shirt tied at the waist. 
I had on a pair of cotton underwear that looked exactly like a light
blue bikini bathing suit, and a t-shirt.  There were a fair amount of
people on the beach, but it wasn't intrusive, and the breeze was
blowing through our hair and molding our clothing to our bodies. I
had already told her what I wanted.  I told her as I was sliding my
tongue in her mouth and kissing her earlier.  Now, with couples not
20 feet from us, she looked at me and smiled.  She knew what I
wanted.  She faced the beach, with the water to her back, and the sun
silhouetting her form.  I came up behind her and   wrapped my arms
around her so that my hands came together lightly on her pussy.  She
was a little embarrassed, but she knew she couldn't refuse.  I felt her
make herself relax, and after a short moment she murmured a soft
"mmmmmm".  I could  feel the warmth before anything else, and a
slight swelling in her panties.  They gently ballooned out with the
weight and pressure of the sweet liquid that was pouring into them. 
It was almost as if, for a moment, they couldn't hold the enormous
quantity that soaked her pubic hair, an seeped up the crack of her
ass.  But that would have meant that she'd have had to pull back and
stop, and it was just too late for that.    	She'd completely let go,
and as she continued to gently pee on herself, the heavy fabric of her
panties soaked through, and the stream now  poured from directly
between her legs, drenching her inner thighs, not to mention the thin
cotton of her pants.  My hands now pressed in on her crotch, and
forced the sides of her panties to spill there contents further so that
my hands were wet with her, and the stain spreading and soaking on
her pants was  unmistakable.  Even in the sun's bleaching light one
could still see a slight yellowness to it.  I massaged her clit as I
pressed the pee out of her panties, and she came as the last of it was
released.    	We started to again walk.  Our feet were caressed by the
waves.  There were wet people everywhere, but she was special.  Her
feet were wet.  Even her ankles were wet.  But from her calves to her
knees she was dry.  We knew people were thinking, "Doesn't it look
like that woman pee'd in her pants???  Oh, my God, I bet she did!". 
She feels the warm wetness soak her as we walk to an outcropping of
rocks.  Once there, she again knew what to do.  She got on her knees
in front of me, and pressed her  face to my crotch. I asked her if she
was ready, and instead of answering, she blew warm air through my
suit, onto my cock.  It stirred slightly.  Looking into her eyes, I began
to release into my suit, and with my hand on the back of her head, I
pressed her face into the rapidly soaking material.  Her cheeks, nose
and lips were wet with my pee.  I then stopped for a moment, pulled
her face away, and lowered my suit, so that my wet crotch was
exposed to the air.  "Start playing with yourself sweetheart."  I
commanded.   She slid her hand down to her sopping pussy, and
played with her clit.  I tilted her head back, and with that, her mouth
was open.  I lifted my penis to within inches of her mouth, sighed, and
started to again piss, now hitting the roof of her mouth, and filling it
until, like a fountain base, it overflowed and poured down her chin,
splashing on the same hand that was bringing her over the edge to an
orgasm.  She then closed her mouth over my streaming cock until I
finished.  After which, with my warm pee still in her mouth, she made
me hard, and pumped me with her hand until my come shot out and
mixed in her mouth.  I made her hold it for a moment, then let her
dribble it out onto her chest, so that the walk back to the car would
bring more questioning stares her way.   