   "How much farther?" she asked in a tense voice. "Oh, maybe
twenty or thirty minutes" Sam replied, "Why, is something wrong?"
Judy silently debated with herself before responding. They had
just passed the place where Sam had made them stop last week on
the way home from their Saturday night out. He had needed to
urinate and couldn't wait till they got home. She now wished she
hadn't teased him about it in front of their friends telling them
all that he couldn't control his bladder that well. Her own
bladder was rapidly reaching its limit in fact that last bump
they had hit had caused the loss of a couple drops of urine into
her panties. 
     "Oh, no, everything is okay." she finally responded. "That's
good," sam replied, "because if you think I'm stopping to let you
pee after the way you humiliated me last week, you'd better think
again." They took turns drinking and staying sober on these
nights as it was an hour drive from the dance hall and bar they
liked to go to the apartment they shared. Tonight Judy had had a
little more beer than usual, and was feeling really great, she
usually got quite aroused when she was drinking, and this was no
exception; but she was afraid she might not make it home with out
having an accident if she couldn't convince Sam to stop so she
could go alongside the road. 
     About 5 minutes later Judy pleaded, "Sam, could you please
stop, I really have to pee badly! You wouldn't want me to wet the
seat of your truck, would you?
     "If you do, you'll have to clean it up when we get home, but
I told you we're not stopping!" Sam exclaimed.
     "Could you hurry then," Judy begged, "My panties are already
damp. "How much longer till we get home? 
     "At least ten minutes," Sam responded, "Where do you think I
could stop anyway? "We passed the last parking area twenty
minutes ago. If I stop now you'll be visible to every car that
goes by. "Is that what you want to do pee in front of all the
people going down the road?"
     Judy sat silently with her legs firmly crossed, wishing that
she had gone again just before they left; there had been a long
line and she was anxious to get home and make love. Finally she
said, "Stop, I'll wait till no one is coming, then go quickly.
"Please, I'm sorry I made fun of you last weekend. "I guess it'll
be my own fault if you do it to me."
     Sam slowed the truck and said, "I really don't know why, I'm
doing this, I really should make you wait." He pulled to a stop
on the shoulder. There was no vegetation or other shelter and
there was a line of cars coming both ways.
     The pressure in Sally's bladder was really bad now, The
thought of going only made it worse as she watched the cars
coming. When a break finally came she opened the door and slid
down. "Damn," she muttered as she slid out of the truck, In
climbing down another spurt of urine soaked the crotch of her
underpants. As she started to pull up her skirt another car came
down the road highlighting her alongside the truck. She decided
to wait for this one, but if another came she was going no matter
who saw her. Just then she felt a spasm in her now overdistended
bladder and a stream started running down the inside of her thigh
as her panties were no longer able to absorb it. She struggled to
stop it but it was no use as a torrent ran down from between her
legs. She was sure the approaching car could see but there was
nothing she could do now! She was so embarrassed when she finally
was able to stop, that she just pulled off her soaking wet
underpants and jumped back in the truck. She still needed to go
more but could wait a while now.
     "Did you change your mind," Sam asked, as she climbed back
in the truck, "Why did you throw away your panties anyway?"
     "I guess I went standing up like you did last week!, she
replied, "But I'm not really equipped to do it that way and my
panties were soaked. "I Guess my shoes and legs are too," she
stated as Sam reached over to feel her urine soaked thighs.
Suddenly she realized her arousal was becoming more intense,
increased rather than decreased by the humiliating experience she
had just undergone.
     "I wish I could have felt the stream as you let go" Sam
mused, "That would have been a real turn on for me." He turned
the truck into the parking lot of their apartment, and reached
over to kiss her and run his hand over her still soaked crotch.
"Lets get inside and into bed; at least I won't have to wait for
you to use the bathroom before going to bed. As they went in he
grabbed a towel and dried her legs and helped her  remove her
clothes as she felt her passion rise when he rubbed her crotch.
     Soon they were in each others arms on the bed, Sally tried
to ignore the resuming pressure in her bladder as she responded
to the attention he was giving her! As his mouth traced a path
from her breasts to her again dampening pussy she lost all
thoughts of her bladder as he brought her to increasing arousal
with his tongue, suddenly as she was going into the pleasure
spasms of orgasm, she realized with each spasm she was releasing
a spurt of warm urine. Sam never slowed as he drank deeply from
her flowing fountain. 
     Afterwards as they relaxed in the bed, Sam said. "Next time
you need to pee before sex, DON'T! That was the best ever.
Surprising herself Sally had to agree.

     