     "Your turn Jim, lie down on your back, knees up against your 
hairy chest.  Now relax your anal sphincter while I lubricate it 
with vaseline, good.  I'm putting the enema nozzle in now, how 
does it feel?"  "Fine, pump up the balloon, I like the feeling."  
"Okay, now here comes your enema."  Cathy unclamps the hose and 
gives the bag a good squeeze.  Jim exclaims, "Wow, what's in this 
Sandy?"  "Well, Cathy and I each got a liter of wine; to make up 
for the wine we drank I added vodka to your wine to get it up to 
a liter then I added enough nice warm water to make up the three 
quarts."  "Well I hope I don't get so high that I can't get an 
erection." 
     "Why don't we take care on that right now.  Cathy get on top 
of Jim in a sixty-nine and suck his cock while I take pictures."  
"Sounds good Sandy, unclamp the hose so I can continue my enema." 
 "The camera has automatic film advance and focusing Sandy so all 
you have to do is push the button."  Cathy takes Jim's cock into 
her mouth and sucks it in and out, swirling her tongue all around 
the head and up and down the shaft.  She takes the whole shaft in 
her mouth allowing the head to go down her throat, and then licks 
the shaft as she slips his cock out of her mouth.  She proceeds 
to lick his scrotum.  Cathy has no problem getting Jim's cock to 
rise to the occasion.  Sandy takes close up pictures of Cathy 
going down on Jim's cock and of the wine flowing into his ass 
through the clear plastic tube.  "Jim lick Cathy's pussy."  Jim 
obliges enthusiastically as Sandy clicks off close ups of Jim's 
tongue running over Cathy's vulva and between her labia as the 
remains of her enema fills Cathy's ass.
     "Give Jim a taste of your warm piss Cathy."  Jim replies, 
"That sounds fine Cathy, but get over me more so I can see.  I'll 
hold your pussy lips open."  "Here it comes, get pictures of this 
Sandy."  Cathy sends a large spurt of urine from her urethra into 
Jim's waiting mouth.  "Got it, see if you can keep it up longer 
this time Cathy?  How was it Jim, did you get a good view and a 
nice taste?"  "It was salty, but I had a great view.  I'm game 
for some more."  "Sorry, I don't think I can piss any more with 
three quarts of wine and water up my ass.  Get up here Sandy!"
     "Okay, I'm going to sit on your cock and piss all over it; 
but first you can use your mouth to gamahuche my pussy and get it 
all nice and wet.  "Cathy takes the camera as Sandy climbs on top 
of Jim, with her pussy positioned over his mouth.  Cathy unclamps 
the hose and the wine flows into Sandy's ass.  "Oh that feels so 
good, lick my hairless pussy Jim, use all of your tongue."  Sandy 
squats right over his mouth and Jim runs the flat of his tongue 
all over her vulva and between the labia; then he curls his it 
up, stabbing at her vagina, probing the soft folds of her blood 
engorged labia, penetrating into her warm moist vagina.  She 
rides his tongue, her cunt moving up and down on it.  As Sandy 
leans over to take Jim's cock into mouth, sucking and licking; 
Jim lifts his head and uses his hands on her ass to keep her 
pussy in contact with his mouth as he continues his gamahuche.
     When the last of Sandy's enema flows into her very full ass 
she lets Jim's erect penis plop out of her mouth, raises up just 
out of reach of Jim's sensuous tongue and lets urine drip down 
out of her urethra into Jim's waiting mouth.  All the while Cathy 
is taking pictures of the action.  "Don't waste your piss Sandy, 
remember you promised my cock a bath."  "I've plenty more where 
that came from however right now my vagina is aching for a nice 
hard cock to fill it."
     Cathy takes close ups as Sandy wriggles her vagina down over 
Jim's erect cock.  Sandy slides Jim's cock deep into her flushed 
vagina.  Cathy photographs Sandy's cunt swallowing Jim's cock; as 
Sandy rolls her clitoris between her fingers Jim uses his hands 
to fondle Sandy's milky white breasts.  Seeing that his enema bag 
is about empty, Cathy gives the bag a good squeeze shooting the 
remains of the enema quickly up Jim's now very full ass.  This 
coupled with Sandy's vagina pulling on his cock as she rises up 
sends Jim over the edge into an orgasm.  His cock ejaculates cum 
into the air to splatter Sandy's vulva.  Jim's orgasm causes the 
outside balloon to fill slightly as his body attempts to expel 
some of the enema; but the double bardex nozzle holds the enema 
and Jim's rectum continues to absorb the alcohol from the wine; 
intoxicating him just as it has the two lascivious woman.
     Sandy slides the still hard cock back into her lubricous 
vagina and as she fingers her clitoris, rides Jim's pulsing cock 
into her own fantastic orgasm; she ends by once more rising off 
Jim's standing cock and sending out a stream of hot golden urine 
to soak Jim's cock, balls and ass.
     "Wow what action, and I got it all on film.  Here Sandy take 
the camera and let me use that cock."  "Hey, ladies I need to use 
the toilet, how long do you expect me to hold this enema?"  "You 
can hold it until I come; I'm holding mine even longer."  Sandy 
retorts, "Not me, I'm going to use the toilet right now, I'm 
already high from the wine."  "Oh no you don't, you stay here and 
lick my clit while I ride Jim's cock."  "Okay I'll tongue your 
clitoris and nibble at it to make you come all over Jim."  Cathy 
mounts Jim's cock, so that she is facing Sandy who is positioned 
between his legs.  Cathy's pussy dances on Jim's cock forcing it 
in and out of her fiery vagina as Sandy uses her tongue and lips 
on Cathy's protruding clitoris, first licking it, then sucking on 
it and stroking it with her tongue.  It takes Cathy only minutes 
of this double stimulation to orgasm and her love juice pours 
from her vagina onto Jim's cock and into Sandy's lapping mouth.  
She leans back lying on top of Jim who groans from the pressure 
of her ass on his bloated abdomen and bladder.  His cock, losing 
its erection, slips out of Cathy's still trembling vagina and 
shortly sends a cascade of urine onto Cathy's enema bloated 
belly.  Jim runs his hands around Cathy's bulging tummy and up to 
her luscious breasts sliding them all over, using his urine for 
lubrication as Sandy directs the flow of piss from Jim's penis 
onto Cathy's hot body.  Urine soaks the couple who are now quite 
intoxicated from their wine enemas.
     Sandy gets on the bed and squats over the laughing Jim and 
Cathy and pees into their open mouths.  "Umm how can you pee and 
still hold your enema in Sandy?"  "The bardex helps some, but my 
bladder was very full since Jim told me over the phone he wanted 
a golden shower.  Now since I'm on top I get the toilet first."  