
                          A WS STORY

John and Kathy were heading home after spending much of the day
at a mall about 30 miles from home.  There they shared a giant
lemonade which they purchased at the food court.   After leaving
the mall they had stopped at a road stand for some pizza.  It was
a warm day and John ordered a mug of beer for Kathy, he knew she
liked beer with pizza, and a frosty root beer for himself -since
he was driving.   

"I can't believe all this traffic today out here in the country."
said John, He slowed his truck saying "I'm turning off down this
dirt road. I'm going to wet my pants If I don't piss soon." 
Neither one had been to the rest-room since they had left home
that morning. "Well you could always tie a rubber band around
it." grinned Kathy."  Besides I've never seen a guy wet his pants
before."  "That's not funny" said John. "just wait til you have
to go." 

"Sorry" said Kathy who was beginning to feel the need herself. 
"Anyway since I drank most of that lemonade I should be the one
who has to go, not you."  "That's true" said John. "How do you do
it?"  "Combination of things I suppose."  replied Kathy.  "I've
always been able to hold it and over the years I just improved my
skills.  Anyway it's compensation."   "Compensation for what?" 
asked John.  "For being a girl!" replied Kathy who was feeling
the beer she had drank.  "What do you mean?  he asked, quite
intrigued by the turn in conversation.

"Well.." replied Kathy now feeling good from the beer.  "Since a
girl doesn't have anything to pee with she shouldn't have to pee
- right?"  "I can't argue with that logic" he answered.  She
continued "At least not very often anyway.  I think it's unfair
that a girl is forced to undress, squat, and expose her body
while a guy merely needs to open his fly.  How would you feel
having to pull down your pants, sometimes sit on dirty toilet
seats, and clean yourself when done.  It's almost like taking a
shit 4 or 5 times a day."  "You're right. I never thought of it
that way before.  You must really hate to pee" he said.  "No,
actually I like to pee" she answered. "But I want to do it on my
own terms - the right place and the right time, like when I'm in
the mood."   "You mean you have to get into the mood to pee?" 
asked John who was really excited now.  "Well... sometimes it's
fun." grinned Kathy. "Well, sometimes I like to pee and play
too."  replied John "but right now I've got to pee so badly I can
taste it."   

The dirt road led into a secluded swampy area overgrown with
weeds and thorn bushes  Kathy noticed he was playing with his
penis - probably trying to keep from having an accident in the
truck she thought.  She often did similar things - pressing her
hand into her crotch, tightly squeezing her pussy lips, using her
fingers to press and squeeze the pee hole so that nothing can
come out.  Accident prevention she called it

John jumped from the truck and whipped his prick out. "I never
thought it could feel so good.  A good piss is better than sex." 
he said pointing his water hose into the air.  "I hope you
remember that later" grinned Kathy who never cared for sex that
much.   "Care to join me?" he said.  "No thanks." she said. 
"I'll wait until I get home."   "OK.. but I don't think we'll
find another place."   
 
Kathy felt the pressure in her own bladder.  After all she had
drank most of the lemonade plus the beer at the pizza stand. And
she hadn't peed since early this morning.  She was proud of her
abilities but she could hold only so much - even with her super
size tank as she liked to think of it.  

Kathy watched John pissing.  She wasn't sure that she really
could wait that long.  But she certainly wasn't going squat in
all those thorn bushes covering the ground. Besides what if
someone came down the road and caught her with her pants down. 
That always was her biggest fear.  

"Why couldn't I've been born a guy" she thought "Never a hassle.
Just whip it out, do your thing and put it away.  Quick and easy. 
And guys don't have the misery of periods - the accidents and
embarrassment when they come unexpectedly, hassle with tampons
and pads.   And then there's the worry over pregnancy.  What
happens if the condom breaks.  Peeing, periods, and pregnancy.
The three P's - for women only."  Kathy's thoughts and resentment
over being a female were broken by the car coming down the road. 
She was glad she hadn't peed for she certainly would have been
seen.  John stopped peeing and quickly zipped up his fly.  "I was
almost done anyway.  Guess being a guy does have it's ad-
vantages." he grinned as he drove the truck back to the main
road.  "That's not funny.  Don't get me started again." replied
Kathy "It's not my fault I'm missing plumbing."  "Penis envy."
said John.  "Call it anything you like." replied Kathy 

"How much longer?"  she asked in a tense voice about 10 minutes
after they were back on the road.  "About another 30 minutes; Who
knows with this slow traffic."  "Don't tell me you now have to
pee"  John said.  "I told you there probably won't be another
place to stop."  Kathy silently debated with herself before
responding.  She wished she had peed back there in the thorn
bushes.  Why was she always so optimistic. Hadn't she learned
from her other accidents.  Her bladder was rapidly reaching its
limit that last bump they had hit had caused the loss of a couple
drops of pee into her pants.   "Oh, no, everything is okay." she
finally responded while at the same time unbuckling her pants to
relieve some of the pressure.  

About 5 minutes later Kathy pleaded "There's an old gas station
up ahead. Please stop, I really have to pee badly!   Maybe they
have rest rooms - even though I hate using them."  But when they
got there it was closed.  Kathy thought about running behind the
building but there were a few motor-bikers who had stopped for a
rest.  She'd rather have an accident then take a chance with them
watching her pee. "Coke machine works" said John as he retrieved
the cold soda. "Want some?"  "You sure know how to torture a
person" she said. "If I drink that there's going to be a flood
right here in front of everyone."  

Easing his truck back on the road, John hit a bump.   A small
amount of pee squirted out of Kathy's crack.  She felt the warm
wetness in her underpants and instinctively tightened her
sphincter.  She already had her legs crossed and thighs tightly
squeezed but the enormous pressure from her swollen bladder was
too much to hold back.   Suddenly another squirt of pee shot out
and making a big wet spot in her pants. This time there was no
bump to cause it.   "You're going to have a wet seat if we don't
find a place to stop right now" she said.  You'd better not or
else you're going to have to clean it up." said John. "Why don't
you pee into this empty coke can."   "That's not funny" she said
"You know I can't do that."   "Just kidding." he said. 

Kathy knew that she was about to have an accident and she didn't
want it to happen in John's truck. She moved her hand over the
huge bulge of her distended bladder, and reached inside her
soaked panties. Her fingers were inside her crack, seeking the
opening of the pee hole.  It hurt slightly when she pressed it
shut but she was determined to keep it in.  She felt her urethra
expand as her overdistended bladder again tried to force some of
it's contents out.  But this time no pee came out.  

"Hey I've got an idea" said John. "There's an old raincoat in the
back of the truck.  You can cover yourself and take off those wet
pants.  You can pee while standing and no one will know. "I owe
you for this" Kathy said.  He stopped the truck and quickly got
the raincoat helping her into it and taking off her wet pants. 
As he was helping her out of the truck Kathy took her hand out of
her crotch. As she did so a huge squirt of pee shot out wetting
the raincoat and running down her legs.  Kathy stood up next to
the truck with her legs spread.  As soon as there was a break in
traffic she released a huge gusher  from her opened crack - the
stream splashing between her feet.  When a car came she stopped
and waited til it was clear before resuming.  

When it was clear in both directions she lifted up the raincoat
and put her fingers in her pussy shooting the stream out front
like a guy.  The excitement turned them both on.  John put his
hands in Kathy's crack feeling her warm pee flow over his
fingers.  She peed a gusher and he was amazed at how much one
person could hold.  When she was finally finished they both got
into the truck, she wearing only the raincoat.

"Seeing you pee like that made me horny" he smiled.   Kathy
smiled back. "Me too" she said.
