Archive-name: Bestial/goldie.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Goldie... Man/Bitch


Jeff put the receiver down and sat for a few minutes lost in thought.

Shit. Why did he always find it so difficult to say no when people asked
him to do things? He had plenty of time to make an excuse. It was weeks
ago that nick had asked him to look after Goldie whilst his company sent
him overseas on a special job.

He liked the dog well enough but to have her living with him was
quite another thing to taking her for a walk and minding her for the
occasional few hours. It'd been years since he'd lived with an animal
and he was used to being on his own now that he and Val had split up.
There would be no problem of her being on own because he worked from
home; perhaps the company would be a good thing and it was not forever.
Oh well it was too late now, he couldn't let Nick down at the last minute.

Prompt at half past ten they arrived. Goldie immediately trotted through
to the kitchen to see what scraps were waiting for her. Being the soft
touch that he was Jeff had put a piece of meat pie down for her and after
swallowing that she had a drink of water and joined them in the sitting
room. Jeff rescued several ornaments from the small table that was within
swiping range of her wagging tail and Nick and he sat and looked at her.

She was a large dog. Nick had told him once that she was not a pure
labrador but that her mother had mated accidentally and the pups had
been bigger than normal. She was an attractive animal, the usual honey
gold and very affectionate.

Nick looked uneasy and then said, "You two will be alright won't you?"
He looked and sounded anxious.

"Of course, why not? Don't worry about her. I'll look after her properly
and she'll get plenty of exercise. I won't let her get fat or anything
and no randy Rover will get near her."



He grinned and seemed reassured and after more last minute instructions
prepared to leave. Kneeling down he took his dog into his arms and
held her.

Jeff waited and then said, "Come on. Piss off and leave us. It's only
making it worse." He waived his friend off as he drove down the lane
and then went to make himself a coffee. As he drank it he thought about
the parting. He could swear that Nick had been near to tears. Very odd.



The days passed and they got into a routine and Jeff was relieved to
discover that there was not too much disruption to his life. Goldie was
and undemanding animal and seemed to be content to be around and so long
as she got her food and walks she was a quiet, happy companion and Jeff
got used to having her around the place.

He lived on the edge of the village and within a short walk of the moor.

There Goldie could run free when he took her and he had always enjoyed
going up there himself.

One evening Nick phoned from Spain to ask how his dog was getting on.
Jeff told him the good news that they were fine and he was happy for
hearing the news.

It was several nights later that Jeff realised that Goldie was no
ordinary dog. From time to time he got randy just like most healthy guys
do; randy as in wanting to do something with his cock when it took on a
life of it's own and refused to lie down and go to sleep. He had a small
collection of porno videos and not having a willing woman to share his
need he would put on one or two tapes and do the next best thing and
have a wanking session. He was well into it and sprawled out on the
couch, stripped off and enjoying the good feelings that his right hand
was giving him; a pretty white girl was being shafted from behind by a
big black guy, his great shiny tool slipped in and out of her stuffed
pussy and she was making all the right noises. Jeff was ready to shoot
his load, his right hand stroked up and down on his leaking dick while
his left cupped his balls. It was as good as it was going to get and he
was enjoying himself when Goldie padded over and stood in front of him.
He'd forgotten about her of course and felt a surge of annoyance at
the intrusion. Then she moved forwards to stand between his legs and
he was about to push her away and curse at her when without warning she
put her head to his cock and began licking him there.  He let her have
her way with his beautifully sensitive cock and she licked on his balls
and up and down the length of his erection

The feelings that her soft warm tongue gave to his prick drove everything
else from his mind as she gently tongued his hard on. His shock quickly
evaporated and he couldn't help himself, he started to come. With a
groan he started to spurt up his stomach and she quickly licked away
the drops and then returned to his cock and gently took the last traces.
It left him trembling and feeling more satisfied than he had felt for a
long time.  He pulled his companion to him and stroked hare with feelings
of real affection.

"Where did you learn to do that you bad girl?" he murmured to her,
then the implication hit him.

Nick. No wonder he was upset at heaving her. The randy sod must have
trained her to give him this pleasure. He'd had a bad marriage and lived
alone now just like he did. He grinned to himself. Just wait until he
phoned again, all anxious about his little girl.

The experience left Jeff curious and with a faintly guilty desire to
repeat it. He put off doing anything about it but after a week he caved
in and gave way to the temptation. He didn't bother with the videos, he
had a raging hard on and the thoughts of what was to come excited him
so much that his cock was leaking nicely , providing a steady stream
of lubrication that he spread over his erection. Wanting to see what
would happen he didn't call Goldie over but just as before he worked
his cock and kept an eye on his house guest. She lay on her bed and
her brown eyes watched him closely until she got up and came to him.
As before she needed no encouragement and standing between his wide open
legs she licked him up to a great come.

Now that he'd discovered this new source of satisfaction Jeff indulged
himself more often. Goldie was always ready to oblige and a bond was
created between them. One day when they were up on the moors and there was
not a soul in sight Jeff lay on his back in a hollow in the bracken and
looked up at the blue sky above him, the only sounds were the occasional
bleat of a sheep and a curlew wailing.

On impulse he slipped off his T-shirt and tugged his shorts off and
exposed his body to the sunlight. It was sensual and pleasant and he soon
began to get an erection. He handled himself and when he was fully up he
looked to Goldie and as usual she moved to lie between his legs and got
to work on his waiting cock. She licked him off beautifully there under
the warm sun and he hugged her and told her what a good girl she was.
She wagged her tail and with a final lick at his shrinking cock trotted
off to hunt something.



Jeff had been wondering how to handle the situation when Nick phoned
again which would be any day now. Should he let on that he had discovered
the secret? For some reason he felt that he wanted to share it with his
friend and finally decided that he'd play it by ear when he was talking
to him; there was a limit to what they could say on the phone anyway.

It was not long until the situation was resolved. Nick phoned one evening
and after the usual pleasantries he came to the point and asked how he
dog was.

Jeff smiled to himself, "Oh she's *very* happy with me. We're getting
on much better than I ever thought we would."

There was a silence, "Oh really, in what way?"

"Well she's a very loving girl, if you know what I mean, in every way."

There was another little silence, "Errr... yes, she's special alright."

"I can see why you didn't want to leave her behind. You must miss her
like hell."

"Yes I do miss her. It drives me up the wall sometimes not having
her around.

Now there was a long silence, neither knowing what to say next or how
far to go. Jeff finally broke the tension,

"It's okay old mate. I understand everything. Not to worry. It's all
under control. Your little girl's not being neglected and neither am I,
do you follow me?

There was a noticeable relief in Nick's voice as he replied, "Oh sure,
I understand you. So she hasn't done anything to upset you?"

"Bloody hell no! She does everything just right. It was a pleasant
surprise to find out how well you've trained her. She leaves no mess and
cleans up after herself, if you know what I mean, the perfect house guest.

There was a quiet chuckle at the other end of the line, "Can't tell you
what a relief it is to know that you understand," He hesitated and then
went on, "I think that you will find that she can be a lot more loving.
Give it some thought Old Son. She is female after all."

He hung up soon after. Enough had been said, now they both knew the score.

Later Jeff puzzled over Nick's last remarks as he sat with a drink.
Goldie came over and he stroked her.

"Your Dad has given me a little puzzle to sort out Old Girl. Wish you
could tell me what he means. You can't be more loving than you are now,
can you?

She looked up at him with her big brown eyes and then did what she often
did, flopped over onto her back and lay there with her legs splayed open
waiting for him to stroke her stomach.

And there it was. With a rising sense of excitement Jeff looked down
to where the lips of her vagina peeped up at him. This was what Nick
had meant, her female part looked so inviting as she lay with her legs
open, waiting?

His cock moved in his pants as wicked, forbidden thoughts raced across
his mind. Surely not? Was it possible? Must be or Nick would not have
given him the coded message.

They looked at each other and then she slowly began to wag her tail:
flop... flop... flop... "Come on then, I'm waiting." An open invitation.

Jeff's mouth was dry and his pulse raced as he looked and waited,
indecisive. he'd never thought along these lines, surely it must be wrong,
but oh so tempting.

Unable to resist the urgings of his now hard cock Jeff slowly reached
down and began to stroke her stomach, juts as he had so many times before,
only now it was different. Very different. His hand moved over her nipples
towards the pink pad of her vagina, the lips looked not unlike a woman's';
what would it feel like?

It was warm, very soft and it aroused him tremendously. like touching
a woman on her pussy lips. Now that he'd done it, made the contact he
felt her up in the same way as with a willing, waiting girl. Stroking,
rubbing, feeling and getting very stimulated in the process. He wanted
to talk to her but didn't know what to say.

"Good girl, is that nice? Do you like me doing it to you? Does Nick
do these naughty things to you?

Was she lubricating like a woman did? He wanted her to be, that would
be good. His fingers played around and on her sexy lips, stroking them
and feeling her up, she lay back and let him do what he like with her,
so willing.

He felt constricted in his clothes and getting up he impatiently
stripped off until he was naked and lay alongside her on the floor.
She wagged her tail again and he stretched out with her and she put
her head to his crotch and began to use her warm tongue on his hard on,
the feelings exquisite to him.


Putting his fingers to her vagina he felt her up again and then very
gently eased a finger into her. She was hot and moist and as she felt
him enter she lifted her head to look at him.

"Good Girl. I want to give you nice feelings. Lie back and enjoy it
sweetheart."

As he finger fucked her she clasped his finger tightly and a thought
ran through his head. "Christ, what would it be like on my cock?"

When she saw that he was going to be careful and gentle with her she went
back to tonguing his erection and Jeff shivered at her delightful touch.

Jeff's dick leaked its own lubrication and she licked it away as fast as
it appeared and he was building up to coming. Taking some of his juice
on his finger he put it to his slit and worked it into her, she became
very slippery and so he inserted another finger into her and her muscles
contracted onto him. It was fantastic Jeff thought as she tongued him and
he finger fucked her, just like being with a woman again in some ways,
perhaps even better.

Then it was all too much and he came, spurting and groaning. She licked
him clean and he fell beside her, stroking and loving her. After that
there was a new dimension to their relationship . He did what he wanted
to do but waited, teasing himself. He was content for now to explore
her with his fingers and she always welcomed his advances. He was very
careful and gentle with her, not wanting to spoil things by hurting or
frightening her; after all it must have taken Nick a long time to train
her. he'd no doubt that his friend had meant for him to find out and
to take the ultimate step, he was trusting him and Jeff did not want to
break that trust.

Things came to a head one afternoon after they had been on the moors.
Goldie found a dead bird and had rolled in it, the stink was awful and
Jeff decided to put her under the shower. Stripping off he got in with
her and gave her a good cleaning. She seemed to enjoy the experience
and he wondered how often she had been done, nothing surprised him about
her any more.

The hot water streamed down on both of them and he found it quite
arousing, being there with her, both of them wet, slippery and smelling
good. His cock grew stiff and he rubbed himself against her soft wet
coat and it came to him then. Now was the time.

He didn't need to think about it but reaching out of the shower he took a
jar of cream from the cabinet and turning the water flow down a little so
that there was enough to keep them warm and wet he knelt down with her and
ran her hands over her glistening coat. She felt different now that she
was all wet and slippery, more sensual somehow. Her vagina felt different
too, more prominent now that her coat was wet and sticking to her body.
He worked her and she stood for him as he entered her with his fingers.
She took two up to his second knuckle with ease and gripped them firmly,
he felt her vagina contracting regularly as he finger fucked her.

He was tense and trembling as he lubricated his hard cock and then
did the same to her tight slit. The water streamed down over them both
and they were in a world of their own as he positioned himself behind
her and guided himself to her pouting pussy lips. Gently parting them
with his fingers he began to ease into her, murmuring to her over the
sound of the water. "Good girl... Nice and easy... Take me in my love.
Let me fuck you like Nick does." As his prick slid inch by lovely inch
into the hot gripping tunnel he sighed. "Lovey... Good girl... Oh you're
so tight...  Come on sweetheart, take it all... I won't hurt you...
You can take it all for me."

She was arching her back now and pressing it to him as he pushed the last
inches of his rampant cock up into her. Kneeling behind her with his
rod held tight in her vagina he kept still and savoured the incredible
feeling, running his hands over her he murmured to himself as much as
to her, "Christ this is good, lovely, lovely girl."

When he started to fuck her she worked her cunt on his cock and all too
soon he was coming, it was all too much to hold back, he was so aroused
by it all.

From then on his days of going without pussy were over. There was a
rapport between he and Goldie and he grew to understanding how Nick
must be feeling. His friend did not phone again. Now that there was a
an understanding and he knew that all was well with Goldie he probably
felt it was best not to be in contact, it would only upset him to know
that his mate was fucking his best girl. Anyway Jeff had a phone number
for him if he needed to contact him.

As the time for Nick's return drew near Jeff came to think more and
more about the time when Goldie would have him to go home with Nick.
It was going to be hard and he dreaded it but he knew that he would have
to accept it.

The day came and with rising apprehension Jeff waited for his friend
to drive into the lane. The car drew up and Goldie went bounding out to
greet him and Jeff stood with a rapid pulse and very mixed feelings.

After making a great fuss of Goldie Nick came over and the two friends
faced each other silently. It was a tense moment and the Nick grinned
and moved towards his friend and they embraced warmly.



"Thanks Jeff. It means a lot to me to know that she was with you and...
well you know what I mean."

Jeff smiled a little sheepishly, "Forget it, anyway it's me that should
be thanking you."

Nick looked serious and said "Oh yes? Why is that then? You were the
one doing me the favour remember?"

Jeff was lost for words and a horrible thought crossed his mind. Had it
all been a mistake?

But Nick couldn't keep a straight face any longer and burst out laughing.
"It's alright you soft dick-head, only winding you up."

Jeff laughed and cursed him and Goldie jumped about and barked in her
excitement and the tension evaporated.

Nick grinned again, "I've got something for you in the car, hang on
a minute." He went over to the tailgate of his estate car and out
jumped another Goldie. The two dogs greeted each other excitedly and
Nick went back.

"I knew that you'd miss Goldie and so I bought a friend for you.
Hope that you like her."

Jeff looked at the other dog and saw that she was indeed female. Nick saw
him looking.

"Yes she's got all the vital parts. She's Goldies' sister. The people
who had her have just had a kid and they wanted to part with her so
asked if I could find her a good home."

Jeff knelt beside the excited dog and stroked her, "What's she called?"

"Honey. You'll have to be very patient with her. If you are she will be
just like her sister but it takes time, it's not done in a week you know."

Jeff looked up at his friend, "What can I say? You know what this means
to me Nick."

"Forget it. I know that you'll treat her right. She'll be okay with you."

The two friends fussed over the dogs and then Jeff spoke, "I suppose
that you'll be wanting to get back home now, resume your acquaintance
with our friend here." He stroked Goldie, his fingers lingering under
her stomach and soft, pouting pussy.

Nick smiled, Jeff noticed that there was a considerable lump in the front
of his jeans. "What do you think? But first we'd better go in and I'll
show you some things that you'll need to know about making Honey your
very special friend. You're not expecting any visitors are you?"

The two friends looked at each other and Nick nodded without speaking.
He was going to initiate Jeff into becoming a lifelong member of the
"Animal Lovers Club". This was going to be interesting. It would be an
hour or two yet before Nick went home and Jeff felt his cock stir in
anticipation.  Calling the tow dogs the two guys went into the cottage,
making sure the door was firmly closed behind them.

--

