                        GONE TO THE DOGS
                      (Authorship Unknown)
 
 
Sandy had always been interested in dogs and horses (but that's
another story).  For as long as she could remember she had owned
one or more dogs.  Her introduction to the birds and the bees, as
a matter of fact, was through them.
 
When she was twelve she came home from school early and heard
noises in the basement.  Upon peeking down the stairs she saw her
mother and father with two dogs.  Their male dog had climbed on
the back of their female.  (She remembered that both dogs had
acted funny around that time, the male was always trying to climb
on her leg.  Her parents always got angry and shooed him away.)
He was making quick, little funny thrusting motions with his
haunches.
 
She almost cried out for him to stop, but noticed her mother and
father were also acting funny.  Her father had a bulge in the
front of his pants and her mother was rubbing herself between her
legs.  She froze while the dogs were continuing their silly
activity when her mother reached over and opened her father's
belt and pants.  As they fell to the floor she grabbed his under-
wear and also pulled then down.  She had problems with these
because he had something red and very, very funny looking stick-
ing out in front.  He didn't have the same slit between his legs
that she did.
 
Whatever was wrong her mother apparently was going to correct it
because she tried to pull the growth off.  She apparently
couldn't do it because she soon stopped and knelt down and tried
to bite it off.  All this time her father stood there seemingly
unconcerned.  Suddenly he grabbed her mother and all but tore her
slacks off.  He yanked them down to the floor along with her
panties.  She appeared to be normal in the front, but she did
have hair between her legs (Sandy had seem that once before).
 
Apparently, since her mother couldn't pull or bite the growth off
she tried a very strange thing.  She tried to grab it with her
legs.  About this time they both kind of crumpled to the floor.
Sandy could no longer see them then, but they sure were breathing
hard.  After no more than thirty seconds, while Sandy was trying
to figure out how to see what they were doing, her father let out
a loud grunt and her mother yelled, "Damn, you just never can
wait, can you!"
 
He let out some expletives Sandy had never heard before and,
based upon the angry reaction, he may even have hit her mother.
Her mother, however, replied in kind.  When they got up the
growth had shrunk down to much smaller proportions, but their
anger was clearly evident.  That was a side of her parents she
had no interest in learning more about.  All this time the dogs
were still playing their funny game.  Sandy split when her father
let loose a round-house kick aimed at our male dog, and her
mother yelled, "Even HE is better than you!"
 
Later she passed this scene along to her friends at school.  One
of the girls gave a knowing look and explained the "technical
details" to all present.
 
Time passed.  Sandy entered and left high school, doing the boys'
scene in between.  But she could never find any of them she
really liked.  The boys seemed mainly interested in the other
girls with big, gross Hollywood figures.
 
Sandy was quite lovely, in a plain sort of way.  Her medium
height and average "build" never attracted a great deal of atten-
tion.  Her short, soft brown hair seemed to be just the perfect
adornment to her simple beauty.  Her legs were long and delicate-
ly molded.  But her most radiant feature, her exquisitely beauti-
ful face, was totally lost in her circle of friends interested in
money (girls), boobs (boys), pussies (boys) and cocks (boys and
girls).
 
After high school she tried several menial secretarial jobs.  The
older men she met were much more appreciative of her striking
good looks and pleasant personality than the immature boys.  She
had no trouble attracting mature men.  She was, therefore, able
to have her pick of them, her choice of attributes.  She chose
the most important, money.
 
Marrying an older man had its advantages, not excluding physical
love-making (but that's another story).  Sandy did not enjoy
dominating OR being dominated by men or other women.  Younger men
were always more interested in pleasing themselves than in her.
She enjoyed sensitive and sharing men.  She found that trait much
more common in older men, particularly when in bed.  But money
decided it.  Well into her thirties now, she was enjoying the
"fruits" of her labor, an easy and free life of leisure.
 
Her husband had to spend much of his time out of town on busi-
ness, but this was not totally without reward.  But even when he
was home Sandy always received her total freedom.  During her
leisure time she had developed a keen interest in animal rights
and animal rights people, particularly Jim.  Although she was
never a real fan of these people, her attraction to Jim was
immediate and heartfelt.  Jim was more than a rightist, he was
kind and tender soul.  She had never met anyone like Jim, tall,
relatively angular and, oh, so gentle AND passionate.
 
Jim and Sandy became delightful lovers.  They took great pains to
share their feelings and passions with each other.  Their romance
was total, but without hurt to any other person.  Her relation-
ship with her husband did not change with the possible exceptions
that she was more accepting and forgiving.
 
With Jim's help Sandy gradually accumulated several stray dogs.
She had developed a concern for the over-population problem so
she had always had her dogs neutered.  Her most recent one was a
magnificent Great Dane, Sam, a give-up, which she hadn't neutered
yet.

One day Jim called and invited her on a rescue mission.  A bitch
in heat was terrorizing a residential neighborhood.  When they
finally located the desperado she turned out to be a miniature
dachshund that was too low to accommodate the great males follow-
ing her.  Their frustration was indescribable.  Sandy carried the
hooligan on her lap while Jim drove away.  Jim dropped Sandy at
her home while he took the dog to a shelter.
 
Her greeting from Sam was surprising enthusiastic, but she
chalked it up to youth.  Sandy was bushed so she decided to turn
in early.  Without even changing she plopped into a nearby chair,
stretched out and dozed.
 
Soon she was aroused from her nap to find Sam totally covering
her.  His huge face was within inches of her's, his strong front
legs straddled and effectively pinned her to the chair.  The
immediate sensation was stark fear.  As she strained to get up
she became aware of the fact that Sam wasn't attacking her, he
was humping her in no uncertain terms.  Unfortunately for him
Sandy's slacks were a decided impediment.
 
She then realized there was no danger for her well-being, but she
wasn't exactly being humane to Sam.  Not being a total prude, she
decided to play along with him.  She knew that something must
give or Sam might hurt himself, or her in frustration.  Reasoning
from previous experience she figured that a helping hand was
called for.
 
She reached down to remedy the situation.  But low and behold,
she did not encounter the pencil-thin penis she expected.  Al-
though it was not of major proportions its one inch diameter of
glistening smooth strength was an unexpected and welcome sur-
prise.  Expertly she allowed her hand to gently caress the stiff
rod and to gradually accumulate enough lubricant to be merciful.
Although the diameter was not large the length was magnificent.
It felt like it was over a foot long (although Sandy's estimates
in this sort of thing was not perfect).  As she eased her hand
comfortably around his penis, Sam, encouraged, renewed his ef-
forts.  His rear-end continued its short, but insistent, strokes.
 
Sandy felt giddy with power.  But she also felt giddy with lust.
Jim wasn't here.  She was no prig.  Why not?  But how?  Sam was
not about to stop.  Oh, well, these young males.  (It proved her
point, didn't it?)
 
Bit-by-bit his humping became more resolute.  His end was near.
By squeezing her hand in time with his quick strokes he became
frantic.  (Had she created a monster?  Some monster!)
 
Mercifully, one last plunge by Sam and the deed was done.  Hot,
slimy semen sprayed on Sandy's clothes, but neither Sam or Sandy
cared.  One last firm squeeze extracted a squeal of unabashed joy
from Sam.  No bitch ever did that before!
 
After a very long time, to Sandy, Sam descended from his dominant
position over Sandy.  His gratitude was apparent.
 
At this point Sandy remembered how tired she was.  She would have
liked to invite Jim over for a discussion of animals, but she
thought better of it.  Tossing her clothes in the hamper she
quickly won the debate to skip pajamas.  A quick hiatus in the
bathroom brought her within an instant of bed.  One thing stood
in her way - Sam.
 
A gentle pat on the head wasn't going to satisfy Sam this time.
Although the clothes she had worn were gone the smell must have
lingered or something.  So Sandy sat down on the bed and held his
huge head in her softly warm and bare lap.

Sam loved it.  He snuggled in closer and burrowed his nose right
into her crotch.  Sandy was a little taken back, but, "What the
hell," she thought.
 
Imperceptibly she started to spread her lovely legs.  Sam encour-
aged this by burrowing in deeper.  His cold nose caused a shock
to her, but not nearly as much as his long slobbery tongue.  This
sopping organ was definitely intent on exploring the region
around Sandy's crotch.  At first, she said, "Enough", but Sam
would not hear of it.
 
Then his hot tongue found her clitoris.  Shock-waves of passion
boiled up in her.  It was too much.  She gently held his head in
her arms and lay back to enjoy it.  If only Jim could see her
now.
 
She had always thought that a dog's tongue were rough, but his
didn't feel that way or, at least, his saliva certainly smoothed
the rough spots.  Sam was being exceeding gentle.  A few gentle
flutters on her clitoris would raise Sandy's lovely, smooth,
curved ass off the bed in pure ecstasy.  Then he would descend
and send his remarkably long tongue deep into her vagina.  That
deeply delicious, warm moist cavern of sensuousness.  A few long,
slow and deep strokes would fire Sandy to fever pitch, then he
would shift back to her lovely little pink clitoris.  In between
he would wonder all around her pubic area, pausing here and there
to devote particular attention.  The feelings being generated
inside Sandy were unmistakable and uncontrollable and delicious.
 
"Jim, Jim, come into me," she said as she reached down to pull
her lover up to her.  As if on cue, Sam rose up, placed a quick
and gentle lick on each breast and gentle placed his front paws
next to her.  She could feel his warm furry belly lower onto her
delightful, silky-smooth, pink-skinned body.
 
She reached down to help Sam enter her, gently caressing his
splendid penis.  She felt down the silky and slimy-clean shaft to
the sheath and the source of his mighty rod.  Sam's short, quick
strokes of fervor anxiously sought home.  Sandy selfishly re-
strained him from his appointed task.  Her hands surveyed all of
that splendid shaft.
 
The "business end" was designed for "rough-field" use, much more
to-the-point than a man's.  The excessively slippery lubricant
also aided in the dog's life full of casual and hectic encoun-
ters.  But these features only made the pending union more fasci-
nating to Sandy.
 
As her hand again slid down the shaft taking in all the various
dips and curves formed by veins filled to capacity, her hunger
for it overtook her curiosity.  But even before she could help,
Sam's fantastic and warmly glowing penis entered the glory cave.
Both Sam and Sandy groan in unison as the marvelous tool sunk
deep into her.  Sam's short, lusting-animal jabs magically trans-
form into long, exquisitely-deep, impassioned caresses.  As each
stroke lengthened Sandy could feel Sam's glorious penis grow and
expand to fill her.  The feeling was overwhelming.  Sandy cried
out in passion for Jim.  "Deeper, Jim, deeper.  I want all of you
in me.  Fill me with your whole self, Jim."  Sandy's gorgeous
legs leisurely enveloped the active loins to ensure Sam's contin-
uance.  With cautious insistence she hurried Sam along his well
laid path.  When her height of emotion just reached its peak she
reached out will her whole self and brought the passionately
panting dog to her.  Together they howled their climaxes.  A
final thrust lodged the magnificent penis fully into Sandy.  His
semen and juices shot forth into her will all the passion pent up
inside them.
 
As Sandy gradually fought back against the tide of sensuality to
full consciousness she heard a faint noise in the room.  Sam's
panting had ceased, but the distinct clap of applause filled her
ears.  Her eye's open to see Jim, with the biggest, sweetest
smile she had seen since after the first time they had made
passionate love together.
 
"Bravo.  Bravo.  Encore.  More.  More."
 
"Jim!  How long have you been here."
 
"Long enough to have learned the lesson that I should have your
dogs neutered before you let them in the house, Sandy.  Is it my
turn?"
 
"Yes, yes."
 
In a flash Jim had removed his own clothes.  In one swift motion
he lifted Sandy up and placed her in the middle of the bed.  He
sat cross-legged next to her, soaking up the exquisite beauty
lying before him.
 
"The Creator made a appalling mistake when he disallowed us to
make mad, passionate love remotely so we could see the beauty of
the human body," he said.
 
Agreeing, she sat up in front of him.  As Jim reached out to
gently cup her small, but luscious, breasts in his warm hands,
Sandy extended her hand and caressed his nipples.  A slow, fer-
vent kiss exchanged lips several times.  Cautiously, at first,
their tongues explored, as their hands softly and hesitantly
meandered among the newly found hills and valleys of each other.
Their nipple stood at rigid attention, her's being like lovely,
ruby flowers stretching out to Jim.  He paused a moment to deli-
cately plant a warm, moist kiss on each sweet breast.  Their
fingers continued to enjoy their romped as children at play.
 
One of his hands crept up to stroke Sandy's hair and fell loving-
ly to gently massage her shoulders and back of the neck and ear;
the other stole lower to her delicately smooth, creamy white
inner thigh and delicately inched to her pubic area, rich in
erotic senses.  It was still dripping wet with Sam's seminal
fluids, but it bothered him not.  He gently traced the contours
of her pubic mound and tangled his fingers lovingly in her hair.
He leaned over and plucked a small, perfect, white daisy from a
vase next to the bed and wound the stem amongst the fur.  He then
tenderly frolicked over the mons and cautiously ventured further.
 
Her hands were far from idle as she caressed his chest and arms
and followed the soft fur down towards the deep and dark nether
regions.  As she reached the mound of soft hair surrounding his
soft and pliable penis, it began to increase.  Slowly at first,
then quickly it grew and expanded until it became a quivering rod
proudly and majestically upright in the forest for all to see.
With supreme sensitiveness she slid the foreskin back to expose
the glistening head at which she always marveled.  Her finger
traced the edges of the glans around and followed it up to the
narrow closed orifice.  Oh, so, gently she lifted his forbidding
penis up and looked it head on.  Her soft fingers then touched a
large serpentine vein and followed it full length, wondering
lazily as she went.  When she reached the root, the source of the
enormous organ's strength, she extended her hand until she total-
ly enveloped the rigid staff.  The other hand stole down still
lower to the testicles.  In the heat of passion they were loose
and pliable.  As she valiantly tried to capture and hold one Jim
caused her to start.
 
He had found her clitoris, her blood-rich bud, flower, seat of
driving passion.  But not until after he had deliciously sought
the hidden depths of her creamy pink vagina, the love-shrine.
Sam's fluids was perfect to moisten and lubricate his touch.
With exquisite care and tenderness he surrounded her exquisitely
sensitive flower and caressed every crevice and tip.  Sandy gave
a reflex intake as he reached the tip.  Her moans were equaled
only by his.  Jim dallied with trembling hand as shivers of
passion waved through Sandy's graceful body.
 
Together they lavished joyful touch upon tender touch on each
other as they shared this exquisitely lovely and passionate
moment.  As their soft and gentle frolicking continued their
breathing meshed into one.
 
Imperceptibly each clung to the other.  At no time did their eyes
wander from each other, being constantly focused on their
finger's meanderings, awed by the innocent and sweet "children"
at play in their enchanted meadow.
 
As one they looked at each other as if to verify that their time
was now.  The electricity of the moment was awesome.
 
Their eyes again dropped as Sandy untangled her lovely long legs
and laid them on either side of Jim.  They played as a perfect
team.  As one of his hands continued his caress of her neck and
back, the other alternated between his tender awakening of her
clitoris and sensitive probing of her warm cave of joyful love.
Simultaneously, one of her hands sought Jim's back and pulled him
closer and the other continued the game of tag with his testes.
 
As passion overtook them she slipped her hand up once more to his
turgid, pulsing penis and as Jim open slightly her vagina she
allowed the softly rounded head to run around the lips ever
perceptually creeping closer to the warm, dark cave, as her
flowing juices graciously covered the magnificently erect crown.
 
They both watched in utter amazement as the now self-activated
penis followed the lead shown him.  With faint help from Jim and
Sandy the splendid shaft slowly sank out of sight.  As if watch
departing friends, Sandy and Jim gave pause when Jim was totally
immersed inside of Sandy.
 
Only then did they look up to gaze into each other's eyes.
 
With a sly grin Jim said, "What now, the best part is over?"
 
Sandy smiled back and said, "Let's just wait and see."

Snuggling closer, they remained locked, totally engaged.
 
She squirmed and uttered a delightful squeal, "Jim, it has never
been like this before.  Can we keep this moment?"  The rhetorical
question went unanswered.
 
Still lovingly gazing at each other, they sat linked in ecstasy
for close to fifteen minutes.  Then at a moment totally without
sign, Sandy whispered, "It is time."
 
With nearly imperceptible movement they began the dance of love
that could only end their delight.
 
With obvious reluctance the engorged and turgid rod emerged from
its comfortable home for a short moment and then disappeared
again with relish into the inner reaches of pleasure.  Each
removal, sheer agony; each return, utter elation.
 
As the gentle rhythms of their swaying pelvises gradually in-
creased in intensity, their breathing took on a certain urgency.
With the heavy breathing their pelvic pumping followed suit.  The
dogged clutch-release of Sandy exactly tuned to the earnest
thrust-lingering withdrawal of Jim's hips.  His magnificently
sturdy and shimmering penis, never flailing, begged to remain
inside Sandy, but it was not to be...yet.  The fluid noises of
their combined juices, a slight bed-centered squeak and their
passionate breathing were the only sounds.
 
Precisely on cue their breathing became more like grunts and
groans as the heated motion of their bodies became more spontane-
ous and impulsive and less restrained.
 
As their exertion approached the agonizing stage (to a casual
observer) the sensuous groans became a constant barrage of erotic
and carnal grunts.  Sandy attempted to control the fantastic
thrusts of Jim, just to make them linger, but to no avail.  For
one instant Jim withdrew his towering, flaming rod and then
blindly plunged himself to the hilt into Sandy.  This last gigan-
tic heave brought Jim into the previously unreached inner sanctum
of Sandy.  Simultaneously, he erupted with a monstrous and gut-
tural primeval cry.  Sandy fought her urge to scream and only
partially succeeded.  A shrill wail of ecstasy bubbled from her
lips along with the cry, "Oh, no, God!  Don't let it be finished!
Bring it back."  Their simultaneous cataclysmic orgasm gushed.
An enormous mass of semen, seemingly Jim's total life's energy,
spewed forth to penetrate every cranny.  As he strove to extract
the last vital drop in her, she cling for dear life with her
graceful long legs and lithe arms enfolding him.  Their juices
became too much to hold; their virtual life fluids flowed freely
over them and the bed.
 
With utter joy, they lay spent in each others arms for more than
a half an hour.
 
Only then did they notice that Sam was sitting on the bed wagging
his tale furiously, with a huge erection.  They both laughed.
 
But on this note we will leave the happy couple, 'er, menage a
trois, for that is another story.
 



