                        Hanging around Grandma's

        by PJB


        My young friend and I were on our little exploration venture
through my grandmother's old home.  My grandmother had died several
years ago, but the house had stayed in my family for several years
after.  My mother, the beneficiary, then decided that the family
should just accept life, and sell the house, and with it, the last
vestiges of my grandmother's memory.  The family had slowly been
taking materials out of the house, dividing up what was still there,
without much argument.  Mostly blankets, certainly no buried gold
or treasure to speak of.  But, still, a nice, quaint old home in
southern Missouri.

        Which is where my friend and I come in.  With the house
pretty much stripped, I had taken a weekend off after finishing a
long and stressful show run of a few weeks.  My friend, somewhat
young but very independent, had asked to join me for the weekend,
and, thinking my worst, I accepted.  So we threw a few items in the
back of my car, and I requisitioned the house from my mother, who
reluctantly agreed on condition that I bring back a few more loose
items.  I promised in my usual conciliatory tone, grabbed the keys
and left.

        During the three-plus hour trip, my friend and I got a
chance to get better acquainted.  We had only known each other for
a few months, and had not done much more than hold hands teasingly
in public.  The one time I had forwarded a kiss, she looked as if
I had slapped her.  She was YOUNG.  Legal, but very naive.  So,
the trip down gave us a chance to really talk, and she proved to be
much more adventurous than I had first anticipated.  However, she
was also more naive than she was willing to admit to herself, which
would prove to be immensely provocative for me.

        When we got there, we pulled into the driveway, and I
stepped out.  As I looked at the house, I began to reminisce about
times long forgotten, a childhood lost, climbing this tree, playing
in the barn loft, getting mom's car stuck in the garden, flirting
with girls down the road...

        "Hey!  Come back to earth!"

        I stopped.  Reminiscing was fine, but I was down here to
relax, and memories usually served to stress me out.  "Sorry," I
muttered, and went in through the back screen door.  She followed,
and I unlocked the back door and entered.  The house still had some
furniture left in it, a few chairs, and I found the nearest soft
chair and collapsed in it.  She picked one adjacent to mine, and
sat as well.

        We sat wordlessly for almost an hour, before I finally said,
"So, what do you think?"

        "I think I should have brought a TV.  I'm getting bored."

        I thought to myself, you don't need a TV, boredom is the
least of your worries.  I smiled at the thought brewing in my head
now, so I went to one of my bags, grabbed a few items, and headed
for the attic door.  She stayed in her seat.

        A few minutes later, I emerged from the attic, more energized
and feeling excited.  She noticed, and said, "Am I in trouble now?"

        "Yes."  I couldn't help but giggle.

        "Okay, what now?"

        "We don't have to do that yet."  Why rush, I thought?  We
had three days now, and I didn't want to end it prematurely.

        "Well, we might as well.  Not much else to do."

        I took her by the hand and led her to the attic.  Slowly we
climbed the creaky staircase, which was now lit by a few candles, and
the twilight peeping in through a window at the top.  When we passed
the window, the room was dark, except for two candles in the middle of
the room.

        "I can't see anything," she said.

        "You don't need to," I said, and proceeded to a small area
between the candles where some pipes were.  I turned on the small
radio that I had found, located a good rock station, and turned up
the volume loudly enough to hear, but not so loudly to distort the
speaker, which was about 12 years old.  I also handed her a glass of
wine I had just prepared, and took one myself.

        I toasted.  "Here's to the thrill of undiscovered passion."  I
drank, then looked at her.

        In the dim light, her dark brown eyes glowed with
apprehension, but she quickly downed the glass of wine.  Then I handed
her a shot glass, once again taking one of my own. This time, I just
drank, without preamble.  She did likewise, but after drinking, she
broke into a coughing fit that made me laugh.  Poor thing, she
couldn't handle her liquor.

        "What was that?!?"

        "Fire water.  Good, huh?"  I chuckled.  She said nothing, so
I took her shot glass and refilled it.  She stared at me, but said
nothing.  She took her shot glass and downed it, stifling another
cough, but I was impressed with her fortitude.  She did not want to
show me any fear.  I took her hand and beckoned her to sit.  She sat,
underneath where the pipes were, and I could tell she was beginning to
get a buzz.  She shook her head vigorously a few times, but still said
nothing.  I took her right wrist, above her head, and locked it into a
handcuff I had locked onto one of the pipes, which were now above her
head.  I was about to reach for her other wrist, but instead she
lifted it to the pipe, obviously seeing the other handcuff there.  I
slowly locked her other wrist, then checked to make sure she couldn't
loosen her wrists at all.  She stayed quiet, looking at me as if she
were daring me to go further.

        I unbuttoned her blouse, and her bountiful breasts bounced
out.  She was still young enough not to need a bra, and she rarely
wore one.  I then undid the fly of her jeans, untied her shoes, pulled
them off in the correct order, leaving her on her knees with her arms
spread above her head, and wearing the open blouse and panties, and
nothing else.

    As I disrobed, I stared into her eyes.  She was fearless, but
obviously amused by the situation so far.  As I removed my underwear,
her eyes lit up at the sight of my rock-hard cock.  I moved so that it
was swaying in front of her face and stood there.  She looked up at
me, still saying nothing, then took it into her mouth.  Slowly she
bobbed up and down, and I moaned instinctively.  Her tongue flicked
around the head, but her lips never left the shaft.  Her technique was
flawless, and within minutes I felt an orgasm building.  I pulled out.

        "I have more in mind."  She did not reply.

        I reached up above her, and lowered the noose I had put there.
I also lowered the other end of the rope so that both were hanging by
her head.  She looked a bit startled, but stayed infuriatingly quiet.
I slowly placed the noose around her neck, pulling the knot tight.
She gasped, but still said nothing.  I climbed underneath her legs,
making her straddle my cock, and took the free end of the rope in my
hand.  With my other hand, I stroked her clit with the head of my
cock, then slid it inside her.  She moaned loudly, throwing her head
back, and I could see the rope begin to bite into her neck.  She sank
down onto my cock, and began to move up and down.

        Then I took control.  I pulled the rope tight, and she yelped,
looking at me furiously.  I just stared back, and pulled more.  She
tried yelping again, but could only let out a gargle, and the look in
her eyes told me she understood.  I slowly released the rope, and she
sank down, the tension loosening in her neck.  She started to move up,
but once again I pulled the rope taut, catching her.  This time, as
she sank down, I did not release the rope, but instead used my free
hand to push her hips down.  She struggled against it, but I pulled
the rope more, just to remind her who was in charge.  She gave in,
letting the rope constrict around her neck as I raised and lowered her
on my cock.  Then, as she built up a rhythm, she forgot the rope was
there, and she concentrated on her sex.  She began really bouncing on
me, and then I really got forceful, pulling the noose tightly.

        She reacted loudly.  "Ohhhgghh!!"  But she kept going, the
rope slowly strangling her as I fucked her from below.  This time I
didn't give her any slack, using the rope to control her rhythm.  She
leaned her head back, knowing it would turn me on, and I caught a
perfect glimpse of the rope around her neck, biting into her throat,
blood building up underneath it. She began to gasp and breathe
incessantly, making loud wheezes and choked moans, never letting me
think I was hurting her.  I continued to tighten the noose, amazed at
her stamina now, thrilled by her flirtation with death.  She continued
to buck against me, her head thrown back, causing the rope to be even
more taut against her throat, then finally she spasmed, as the throes
of her first true orgasm overcame her, at the same time she began to
lose consciousness.  Her body convulsed wildly, her head thrashed as
she came on me, her juices leaking down my cock, and her eyes
flittered as if she were possessed.  Her convulsions tightened the
rope even more around her neck, and she struggled for air, but failed.
Finally, she collapsed against herself, her spreadeagled arms
supporting her in mid-air, and went limp.

        As her body relaxed, I felt my own orgasm build and release,
and I filled her with my cum.  Unconscious as she was, I couldn't
resist the urge to pull the rope just a few more times as I spasmed
into her.  Finally the orgasm passed, and I sat up quickly and
loosened the rope from her neck, but didn't take it off completely.
The rope by this time had bitten a deep mark into her neck, and the
sight of her hanging limply by her arms, her blouse torn open, her
pussy matted with our commingled juices, kept me hard as a rock and
ready for more. However, first I took a glass of water kept close by
and poured it over her head to cool and revive her, then kissed her
full on the lips, blowing some air into her lungs as I did.  As her
lungs filled, her chest heaved against me, exciting me even more, but
then she jerked away, coughing and spluttering.  She jerked around, as
if she forgot she were still bound and helpless, and looked at me wildly.

        "Well, have enough yet?"

        "You could have killed me!"  she screamed, obviously
frightened, but I could also tell she had been turned on by the entire ordeal.

        "Well, I didn't, did I?  Besides, you're too much fun to let
die like this.  I was hoping for more."

        She coughed a bit more, but then laughed, a low, sensuous
laugh.  "Well, after this, I'm afraid only death would be more.  I
don't think I want to go that far yet."

        I grinned.  "No, it'll never get that far.  But I do want you to
know that you're at my mercy, and I intend to keep you there."

        She smiled again.  "Promise?"

        I reached for the free end of the rope, and pulled it tight
again.  She smiled, and as the rope once again caught around her neck,
she leaned back and moaned loudly.  "Ohhh, yeahhhh.  Do it."

        I moved around behind her, moving her onto her knees in a sort
of bent-over position, but her arms were still cuffed in the air in
front of her.  I raised her fine ass into the air, and slid into her
once again, feeling our juices lubricate her perfectly.  As I built up
a rhythm, I tightened the rope around her neck, fucking her from
behind as I pulled the rope taut.  Her head raised in front of me as I
banged into her, her moaning and writhing becoming more exciting.  She
turned to look at me, her eyes once again glassy and hazy, and I could
see her neck begin to turn red from the tightness of the rope around
it.  She wheezed sexily at me, then turned and concentrated on
thrusting her hips at me even harder.  I responded by pulling the rope
even tighter, causing her to almost straighten on her knees, with me
thrusting into her.  She got excited, and began to bounce on me even
more passionately, fucking me harder and harder as her breath got
shorter and weaker.  Finally, her body began to spasm, as her orgasm
began, and I pulled the rope as tightly as I could without completely
hanging her.  She let out a loud "Ohhh!" and threw her head around,
partially fighting the rope, but merely forcing the rope tighter
herself.  Her hair whipped around, and I began to feel my own orgasm
build within my cock.  Her whipping motion slowed, and she finally
collapsed against her restraints, her juices pouring onto me.  I let
loose, my cock shooting up into her forcefully, the spasms making me
involuntarily pull the rope, which in turn jerked her limp body up and
down, which exacerbated the motion of my cock into her cunt.  My
orgasm subsided, and I quickly loosened the rope from her neck, which
was red and had a slight cut along where the rope had been.  I
unlocked the handcuffs which held her arms spreadeagled in the air,
and lowered her to the floor.  Her breath was shallow, but she was
alive.  I placed her head on a pillow, and left her to get some
medical supplies.

        I quickly got a washcloth, wet it with cold water, and placed
it on her head.  I also took a cotton all and doused it with hydrogen
peroxide, applying it to the cut on her neck.  A few minutes later,
she began to stir.

        She coughed a bit, then grabbed at her neck.  "Oh, shit, that
hurt."  I handed her a bandage, and began to massage her shoulders softly.

        "Enjoy it?"  I said.

        "Loved it," she replied.  "When do we do it again?"
