Grandma's Hairbrush

"Oh, mom," said the young woman forlornly, "I just don't know what to do
with Brenda.  You never saw her temper until we had to move back in with
you, and I'm just about at my wits end with her."

The older woman nodded, trying to understand her daughter's troubles with
her granddaughter.  When Bill left her, she tried 'going it alone', but
just over a month ago the two of them finally had to move back home with
her.  As a lonely widow, she welcomed her daughter and granddaughter, but
Brenda's mouth and behavior were taking their toll on her patience.  She
raised three daughters herself, and had never heard any one of them speak
to her as Brenda had just spoken to her mother.  Brenda and Sharon had
just shrieked at each other, and although Sharon had sent the feisty teen
to her room, the way Brenda stormed off seemed more like she was going by
her own choice than being sent up there.

"I'll have to go upstairs and talk to her again, mom," said Sharon," but I
just don't know what else to say.  She's not even 17 yet, and she runs all
over me.  What am I going to do with her?"

"I don't know what you can do, dear, but I do know what I would have done
had you or your sisters ever spoken to me like that.  But that was my
generation, and we're all done raising children....Lord knows what your
generation will do."

"Oh, mom.  I know what you would have done too, but nobody spanks their
kids anymore...especially at 16."  Sharon knew that an outburst like
Brenda's would have resulted in an awful spanking, and very possibly a
second dose from her dad when he heard about the smart mouth and tantrum.

"Maybe so, but you should think about it.  You weren't too old to be
spanked at 16, and neither is she."  The older woman was starting to warm
to her subject, "You young people and your Dr. Spock!  Friends with your
kids, indeed!  'Time out', groundings and no driving which you don't
enforce once she starts that awful whining.  That girl has you wrapped
around her little finger, and you'd better do something soon or you'll
lose any chance of her turning out to be a decent person like you and your
sisters.  You are the mother and she is the daughter...it is about time
that both of you realize that!"  As she realized that she was getting too
upset, she sputtered a little and excused herself to go finish the dishes.

Sharon thought long and hard that evening.  Her mom had a point, she and
her sisters had all turned out very well.  Good grades lead to good jobs,
good friends young had lead to good friends now.  Manners and and self
control were important traits, and Brenda surely had none.  She was
growing more surly every day, and her mouth was always running.  Her
grades had fallen off badly, and she had skipped school on more than one
occasion.  Perhaps something drastic was necessary, but a spanking? 
Sharon and her sisters were raised with spankings, and although they had
tapered off in her teens, they didn't end until she moved away to college.
Could she really start spanking Brenda at 16?

The next morning, when Sharon returned to her room from the shower, she
found that her mom had not changed her mind about her advice.  There on
the dresser was the hairbrush, the very same brush that her mom and dad
had used on her and her sisters whenever they got spanked.  As she
finished towelling off and got dressed she chuckled....she had never
gotten dressed while looking at that hairbrush before, she'd always been
getting undressed when that brush made its appearance.  Even at 37, the
sight of the brush brought a flutter to her tummy as the memories of the
many times it had given her a hot bottom.


Grandma's Hairbrush, 2/6

It's home was the 'junk drawer' in the kitchen, and when any of the girls
acted up they had to bring it on demand to the angry parent in the
livingroom.  As they stood there holding the hairbrush, mom or dad would
lower their pants and underpants, then take the brush.  Once the girl had
bent herself across their knees, a long and fiery spanking would follow
that brought many tears and left her with a bright red and stinging
bottom.  The awful pain and humiliation of being bare bottom spanked was a
tremendous incentive to behave, and although the redness and warmth wore
off in a short time, the memory lingered for a long time.  Perhaps all the
yuppie child-rearing books were wrong, maybe Brenda did need a
spanking........

When she got home from work, Brenda was not home, and had not come home
from school at all.  An angry discussion with her mother ensued about
Brenda again, and how something had to be done.  As she changed out of her
work clothes, she spied the hairbrush sitting on the dresser.  As she
slipped out of her suit to pull on a pair of jeans, she picked up the
brush.  Heavy...heavier than she remembered.  The solidness of it reminded
her of it's special sting, and the worn patch of missing varnish reminded
her of the many times it had been used....two parents applying it to the
bottoms of three girls, each until they were 18, made for many spanks to
wear down the brush.  Her tummy fluttered again, and out of curiosity she
turned around to to look at her rear in the mirror, holding the brush up
to the seat of her panties.  Hmmm...it was much smaller than she
remembered.  She remembered one spank lighting up both cheeks of her
bottom, but that was either the memory of the sting it left, the speed at
which her parents spanked her, or a sad reminder of how much trimmer her
bottom was as a teen.

Growing more curious, she patted the brush against the thin nylon of her
underpants, and had to laugh as she instinctively tightened her bottom for
the pat.  She chuckled as she thought that this was a new experience for
the brush....it had never touched the seat of a pair of panties before,
only bare skin.  Oh heck, if she really wanted to know if the brush really
stung, she'd have to really give it a smack.  Feeling foolish, Sharon push
one side of her panties down, baring most of one cheek.  Knowing that her
mom was growing hard of hearing, and with the television on she knew
nobody would hear, so still back to the mirror, she raised the brush and
swung it backwards against her own bare hip.  Smack, smack, smack....she
stopped at three, surprised at how it stung.  Her memories must have been
right about that brush...if it stings this much when given so awkwardly on
a lark, it really must have stung when it was applied by her mom or dad so
much harder and many many more than three times!  She giggled at the
little pink circle forming on the still bare cheek, and remembered how
bright red her own and her sisters bottoms were after a dose.  The tingle
on her hip stayed with her as she finished dressing, and went back
downstairs....perhaps it wasn't so absurd to spank Brenda....

Around 7:30 a car door slammed, and Brenda came into the house.  Not one
sign of remorse for being so late, she simply made her entrance and
flaunted into the kitchen looking for something to eat.  When Sharon
confronted her, they started into another shouting match, and Sharon again
sent the 16 year old to her room, and Brenda again stormed off as if she
chose to go to her room, not apology, no contrition, and certainly not at
all like she was being punished.  Sharon's mother kept her silence, but
she could tell that it was taking quite a bit of effort.  As they sat in
an uncomfortable silence watching TV, the phone rang and Sharon answered.


Grandma's Hairbrush, 3/6

"Mom," said Sharon after she got off the phone, "That was Mrs. Griffin,
the mother of Brenda's friend Tina.  She tells me that both girls skipped
school, and spent the day in town.  Tell me again, is a 16 year old girl
too old for a spanking?"

Grandmother smiled, and answered, "Don't ask a woman who spanked three 18
year old girls if 16 is too old, but don't expect miracles with one
spanking.  You'll shock and surprise her, but you'll have to show her that
you mean business.  I didn't spank you very often at that age, but you'd
been getting spankings since you were 5!  Start tonight, and make it a
good one, but be sure to follow it up again the next time she needs it or
you'll lose any benefits that you gain tonight."

The decision made, Sharon walked upstairs for the hairbrush.  As she
returned to the livingroom, her mom stood up.  "I know what you have to
do, and I know that you and Brenda would both like a little privacy for
this."  "No, mom," said Sharon," this will be like we used to get from
you.  It didn't matter if dad or Sherri or Linda was here, you spanked me
here anyhow.  Since Brenda lives under your roof, she'll be spanked as you
sit there, just as daddy spanked us as you sat there.  It surely won't be
the first teenager's girl's bottom that you see getting spanked."

She was right, her mother thought.  When the girls were little she and her
husband decided to spank them in the livingroom, and with their little
briefs pulled down.  Maybe it would have been different if they had a son
in the mix, but with three daughters there wasn't much need to hide behind
a door to administer a spanking.  And whenever one of them saw another
being spanked, the observer was just reminded of what would happen to her
if she misbehaved too.  Oh how those girls blushed to have their
underpants pulled down, but after a session with the hairbrush, the red of
their bottoms was so much brighter than the blush on their faces!  How
quickly they draped themselves over their daddy's lap when he pulled down
their drawers, not to hurry him in his task, but to at least have some bit
of modesty.

Meanwhile, in her bedroom, Brenda was crying...not that she'd ever let her
mom see her doing that!  She didn't know why she fought so much with her
mom, and she longed for the days when they did get along.  Even she knew
how rude she was, and felt badly about it, but there was a thrill to being
able to be so independent, but she knew that she should show more respect
for her mom.  She loved her mom dearly, and wanted to be loved in return. 
After a fight like this she felt so lonely and sad, what was wrong with
her, oh why did life get so complicated for her!

"I'm going to pull down her shorts, mom, but not her underwear.  I hope
you understand, but I can remember how awful it was when you and dad
pulled my underpants down for a spanking, and the little panties that
Brenda wears won't help her bottom very much.  Maybe if I have to spank
her again I will, but for this first time I want to let her to keep them
on."  "You're the parent, Sharon, you do whatever you think is best."

As her mother called up the stairs for her to come down, Brenda knew that
she would get yelled at again.  She decided to keep her big mouth shut,
and accept whatever her mother had to say.  She would be grounded, of
course, and Brenda decided not to even argue about it.  Maybe if Brenda
acted a little more like a daughter again, instead of a brat, she and her
mom would start to get along better again. Ever since dad left, mom has
worked so hard to keep things together, and things have been so hard for
her.  Her heart really did ache when she would hear her mother softly
crying at night, and she could only imagine how hard it was for her, and
Brenda was really ashamed of herself for making things worse instead of
better.


Grandma's Hairbrush, 4/6

When Brenda entered the living room, she was surprised to see the stern
looks on her mom and grandma's faces.  Her mom was seated on the couch,
and started right in on the lecture, and Brenda stood looking at the
floor.  A smart comment came into her mouth a few times, but she swallowed
them back down, and tried to listen.  As her mother talked about how
afraid she was about Brenda's behavior, and the problems she could get
into running in a bad crowd and how she hoped and planned for such good
things for her, Brenda started to cry.  It was the first time that she
realized that her mom's rules and yelling at her really came from love and
concern for her, not just from a power-play on her mom's part.

All of the sudden her brain flashed....did mom just say 'spanking'???? 
She couldn't be serious!  She had never been spanked, and she was 16!! 
She knew what a spanking was, but to her it was as remote as the stocks
and pillories that she saw when they visited Colonial Williamsburg!  Only
little kids get spanked in these days, and not very often either!  As her
mind raced, she was horrified as her mother reached out and began to
unfasten her shorts.

Four hands began a furious battle for the zipper, two attempting to keep
it up, two even more determined to have it down.  Sharon had the
advantage...she was angry and determined, and she knew what she was going
to do.  Brenda, on the other hand, was caught so much by surprise and
shock that her hands were ineffectually flying around.

As her shorts came down, Brenda's crying increased in intensity as the
humiliation of standing right in the livingroom in her panties, and right
in front of her mom and grandma so exposed.  Horrible!!!!  Furious!!!! 
Pulling down a 16 year old girl's pants to spank her!  All contrition was
gone, and Brenda let her mom have it with both barrels.  "You bitch!!" she
screamed,"How dare you!!!  You are a crazy woman!  You can't spank me and
you know it" she shrieked.  On and on she went, her tongue loosened by the
years of practice of yelling at her mother.

As Sharon listened to the tirade from the teenage girl in the little
lavender panties, her mind zoomed into a flashback.  There she was,
standing in front of her dad, hairbrush in hand and her skirt laying
around her ankles.  "Please daddy, no," she cried as the angry man reached
for her panties, "Please, oh please, I promise I'll be good forever,
daddy, pleeeeaaassseee," she squealed as the angry man reached into the
front of her underpants, and yanked them down to her knees.  What a
difference she thought.  At 16 she pleaded with her daddy, but here was 16
year old Brenda calling her a bitch!  In spite of her misgivings, she knew
what had to happen next.

Before Brenda had any idea what was happening, Sharon grabbed the thin
lavender nylon wisp, and dragged it down to just above her knees.  Brenda
was dumbfounded and frightened.... she had never seen her mother so angry
and so determined.  Perhaps it was the loss of her underwear or the
furious look on her mother's face, but Brenda suddenly realized that she
had no control over what was happening to her.  She raced her hands across
the tiny triangle of hair that she was so proud of, but certainly didn't
want displayed even to her mother.  When she realized that her grandma was
behind her, she rushed her hands behind her to keep the old woman from
seeing her bare bottom, then back to the curly hair in front.  Back and
forth, back and forth, over and over again.  She was weeping, partly in
fear of the announced spanking, partly in embarrassment of being bare from
her waist to her knees in front of these two angry women.


Grandma's Hairbrush, 5/6

As Brenda stood there bare, her mother smiled at the modesty and the
physical maturity of the teenage girl.  Did Brenda really think that her
mom and grandma were seeing something they had never seen before?  The
last time she had seen Brenda bare, she had only a soft downy fuzz between
her legs, but now she was obviously a young woman......but she was a young
woman about to be bare bottom spanked!

With a strong sideways pull, Sharon draped Brenda over her lap.  With the
crying girl perched on her knees, she glanced over at her mother who had a
very satisfied look on her face.  As she picked up the hairbrush from the
end table, her mom nodded almost imperceptibly.  She had lectured and
lectured Brenda, now the time for talk had ended, and she raised the brush
high over the round bare bottom of the spoiled girl on her lap.

Smack!  Smack!!  Smack!!!  Brenda squealed and wriggled.  With no
experience like this at all, she was almost panicked.  The fire starting
in her hips was greater than she thought possible.  She wept and cried
out, but there was no softening or slowing down the spanks.  As she
wriggled her bottom back and forth the awful stinging followed her
movement.  She was no longer concerned that her mother was seeing her bare
bottom, she was concerned about what her mother was doing to it!  Oh, how
could her mother be doing this to her, and how badly it was stinging!

Sharon was engrossed in her task, the squeals and tears of the naughty
girl barely penetrated her concentration.  Brenda had a full bottom and
thighs, and she intended to turn it all red.  Now she realized why her mom
and dad turned her over their knees when she needed spanked....she was in
control.  Brenda squirmed, kicked and bucked with each new spank on her
reddening bottom, but with her hand firmly pressed into the small of her
back the girl was unable to move out of the way. Smack! One cheek, then
the top of the other. Smack!  Across the cleft, then down to the thighs
for a few.  Smack Smack!!  The little crease defining bottom from leg,
then back to the cheeks.  The hairbrush flattened, reddened, and released
the squirmy bottom, then moved on to the next spot.

Grandma watched grimly.  It was long overdue, but Sharon was doing a good
job.  As she watched the scene before her, Sharon turned into her late
husband, and Brenda became Sharon herself, then Sherri, then Linda.  There
was nothing new in this livingroom tonight....a teenager laying across a
lap, a band of panties holding her scissoring legs together, a solid
wooden hairbrush, gallons of tears and soprano shrieks.  Each of her
daughters had learned that misbehavior brings painful consequences on that
couch, and now Brenda was starting to learn that lesson too.

Sharon heard the change in Brenda's voice.  She was no longer shouting in
teenage fury at her mother, she was starting to whimper like a little
girl.  "Pleeeaaassee mommy, stop, pleeeaaseee!"  She hadn't called her
'mommy' in ages, and she hadn't said 'please' in almost as long.  Her mom
had once told her that spankings work so well because the spinal cord
directly connects the bottom to the brain, and messages that aren't
received in the brain through the ears can be sent up the spinal cord. 
Sharon was sure that Brenda was getting her message!

The cute unblemished white bare bottom that went across her knees was
turning into a splotchy red; pinkish on the edges and down the legs,
stoplight red on the fullest part of the cheeks.  She slowed down, and
started lecturing, making her points with deliberate spanks on the reddest
parts of Brenda's hips.  Gasping between her sobs and hiccups, Brenda
pleaded with her mom to stop, and when Sharon heard the 16 year old say
"yes, ma'am" she knew that she was finished.


Grandma's Hairbrush, 6/6

When the well spanked girl finally struggled up from her lap the two women
had to stifle a grin.  Gone was the adolescent modesty seen before the
spanking, and she hopped and wiggled in circles with enough energy to make
them think they were seeing an Indian war dance.  Her undone pants and
panties forced her into little skipping steps, and both hands were kept
busy trying to sooth the fire of her cheeks, when they weren't wiping the
Niagara Falls of water pouring down her other cheeks.  Sharon blushed as
she realized that she must have done the same dance in front of her dad,
and saw the complete exposure it involved.  She had always convinced
herself that her mom and daddy had only seen her bottom bare during a
spanking, and she now knew how foolish that was.  

When Brenda finally remembered that she was still bare, she quickly pulled
her panties on again, emitting another squeal as the tight elastic of the
tiny underpants scraped across her freshly spanked bottom.  Her mother
started lecturing again as she pulled up her shorts, "This was the hardest
thing I have ever done, Brenda, but I am not sorry that I did it.  I am
only sorry that I haven't done it before, and that you forced me to do it
today."  Brenda blinked through her tears and saw her mother holding out
her hairbrush.  "This hairbrush was used on my bare bottom, and on your
aunts bare bottoms, just like you just got it.  Whether this is your first
and last spanking with it, or only your first, is up to you."  Brenda was
surprised to see that her mother was crying too as she tried to finish the
lecture.  "You are on notice, young lady, that your pants and underpants
will be pulled down again, and this hairbrush will warm your bare bottom
every time that you disobey me or your grandmother, and every time that
your smart mouth runs faster than your brain.  You may think it is
impossible right now, but I am promising you that it will be much longer
and harder spanking if I have to spank you again."

Sharon, and her mother were surprised as Brenda bent over to hug her mom,
and apologized over and over again.  As she cried on her shoulder she
promised to behave, she also pleaded to never be spanked again.  As the
choking sobs subsided, Sharon gently patted Brenda on her smarting bottom,
and told her to go to her room until she felt better.

It was a very pleasant and helpful girl that appeared at breakfast the
next morning.  Brenda had indeed learned a lesson over her mother's knee,
and the change in her behavior was visible.  Oh, there were more spankings
in the future, frequently at the beginning, then less so as time went on,
and each one reinforced the lessons of the first.  The hairbrush took up
it's residence in the junk drawer again, and Brenda learned that being
sent to the kitchen for the brush meant another trip across her mom's lap
without her panties, and she genuinely worked to keep these incidents to a
minimum.  She quit begging her mom not to spank her, but continued to
plead to be spanked with at least her undies on, or upstairs in the
privacy of her bedroom if she must be bare bottomed, but to no avail.  New
friends, better grades, and a greater appreciation for the roles of mom
and daughter slowly worked their way into Brenda's life, and even she
realized that it was an improvement.  For her part, Sharon realized how
important the hairbrush was in her life....as a girl it had turned her
into a responsible young woman, and as a mother it had given her back the
daughter she thought she had lost.
