
                                  GARDEN GROVE

    During my days in L.A. I had a lot of fun times. But you only have to
mention Garden Grove to get me grinning. Garden Grove is in Orange County,
about an hour and a half drive from where I lived in L.A. I knew a girl there I
had met by phone and she had driven to L.A. a couple of times to see me. While
we had not gotten totally naked yet, we had some pretty hot kiss and grope
sessions in her little wagon while parked in Hollywood and Santa Monica. So one
day she says come to Garden Grove. Oh-oh. I got no car. I say, I got a ride but
I need a date for my friend. She's got it covered she says. I talk my cousin
Ramon into the trip and off we go in his VW. When we get there, we meet Shannon
at the rendevous. Ramon sees Shannon's blond hair, green eyes, cherry red lips,
grabs my arm and "If her friend's half as good I'll owe you big!". Shannon says
we're going to the drive-in so we better take her wagon. On the way to pick up
her friend, we stop for some beer. While Ramon gets the beer, Shannon says "Are
all the guys in your family cute like that?". "No, just him" I say with a grin.
    When we get to her friends house, we wait while Shannon goes in to get
Leann. When they walk back to the car, Leann is plain. Skinny, small breasted,
black straight hair. Ramon is pissed. "Well at least there's beer" he says.
    We get to the drive-in. I'm cracking jokes like I'm Shecky Greene trying to
cheer up Ramon. We park off to one side of the drive-in. I think Shannon's had
this parking spot before. While waiting for the movie, we start in on the beer
and Leann is trying to make small talk with Ramon. Ramon says he's got to go to
the can and he wants me to go with him. In the restroom, Ramon says "You're
gonna owe me big for this one. No face, no body, no looks." I tell him to take
it easy, I'll make it up to him.
    When we get back to the wagon, the movie's starting. Shannon breaks out a
pipe and we smoke some herb. Shannon turns and leans back across my lap in the
front seat. I start kissing those lips scented with Juicy Fruit and Miller
beer. We pass the bowl around and I get into stroking the lacy c-cups under her
blouse. Something else seems to be happening in the back seat though. Shannon
keeps peeking around the seat into the back. She then says "Leann, why don't
you put the back seat down?" While Leann puts the back seat down, Shannon kills
the movie speaker and puts on a tape in the cassette player. I can't see a damn
thing behind me, being pinned down in the passenger seat with Shannon across
me, my hard on trapped and bent back over to where I think I'm gonna fuck my
own navel.
    I definitely hear some lip smacking and spit swapping going on, though.
Then, I hear some wrestling going on in the back. So I try moving the rear view
mirror but it's too dark to see back there. Shannon says "I'll tell you what's
going on. Ramon got's Leann's blouse open. He's pulled up her bra and he's
licking her tits." Taking the cue, I unhook Shannon's bra to uncover Shannon's
milky boobs and start some tit licking of my own. My tongue does laps around
her pink nipples. "Leann's unbuckling his belt. She's unhooking his pants." I
hear the sound of a zipper and Shannon says "She's tugging on his cock. She's
stroking him". By now I'm stroking Shannon's thighs covered by her white jeans.
I rub the crotch of her jeans and it feels awful hot there. After some more
kissing and petting, Shannon says "Ramon's got his hand in her pants." I'm
having too much fun rubbing, licking and kissing everthing I can reach to care
right now, but Shannon's getting excited. Then Ramon says he's got to go to the
can again. He gets out and comes to the passenger window and says I should come
with him. Now,
    I've got an armload of hot blond in a dark drive-in and so naturally I tell
him "Hell, no".
    He says I should come with him, so I go. In the restroom, he's laughing.
Partly the dope, partly embarrassment. He says "Shannon must have told Leann to
make a move on me 'cause when we came back Leann starts rubbing my leg. I think
to myself, well, we'll see what happens. Then she's got her hand in my shirt!
And then Shannon tells her to put the back seat down! This is too much!"
    I tell him "Well could you keep the moaning down, it's awful loud man!." He
starts laughing again and then says "It's not me! It's Leann! I been kissing
her to try to keep it quiet! I got reached around back to unhook her bra, but
she unhooks it in front." He stops to laugh again. "Then she pulls my chile
out! Then she unhooks her pants and holds the front of her panties out for me
to put my hand in! I been finger banging her while she gives me a hand job, but
I couldn't come cause I had to pee!" Now I'm laughing too. He says "And
Shannon's watching us from the front seat!" I tell him "I know. She's giving me
the play by play action so go for it. It makes her hot".
    When we get back to the car, we have stifled our laughing somewhat. Leann
says "You two are worse than girls. Here, have some more smoke." I get back in
the passenger seat. Shannon is sitting up with her back to me. She lays back
across my lap and opens her blouse. Shannon is slender with a nice cushion ass,
a graceful back and those bouncy tits sitting "way up firm and high". But in
the car's roof light I am stunned. I've had her shirt off before, but I was not
ready for the sight of Shannon laid out in just an open shirt and a pair of
shining silky panties. All that smooth glowing skin from her face to her ankles.
    Ramon closes the back door and the light goes out. Leann hands me the pipe,
I take a toke and pass the smoke from my lips into Shannon's. We pass the smoke
back and forth between our lips until its gone. Shannon says "Touch me
everywhere." I'm lost in an exploration of Shannon. The smooth back, firm
breasts, hard nipples, curving hips, kitten soft thighs. She twists one way and
another for me to reach all that I can. I rub her hot pussy through her
panties, teasing her by not reaching inside. I rub her ass, slipping my fingers
under the sheer panties to grab and massage her white cheeks. In the back I
hear moaning and this time I'm sure it's Ramon!
    "Leann's licking the head of his cock. She making circles with her tongue
on it. She's putting her lips around it and sucking him fast." I'm rubbing
Shannon's crotch and it's soaking wet. "She got his balls in her hand and she's
stroking them slowly. Take off my panties, now." Shannon faces up and lifts her
hips so I can roll her panties to her knees. In the light coming in the
windshield, I uncover her blond bush. She puts her hips down and lifts her
knees to kick out of her panties. I slide her over a little and lean to stick
my face in that steaming pussy. She gasps as my tongue parts her sweet cunt
lips and touches her clit. I run my tongue along her pussy lips, circling her
dripping cunt and clit. I suck her juices into my mouth. Her fingers dig into
my pant legs while I tongue her joy buzzer. I lick her hot button faster, then
slower, then faster as she starts to come. She moans, her hips rock. I keep
sucking and licking. She comes again and again until she says "Oh. Oh. Stop,
please".
    I sit up and give her a chance to catch her breath. I twist around to check
out the scene in back. Leann has gotten on top of Ramon, her small ass pointed
at us, so we can see his dick as she lowers herself onto it, wrapping her black
haired bushy box around him to it's base. He groans as she grinds her hips back
and forth on him. Shannon says "Poor baby, you've been so patient. Let me show
you what she's doing to him." Shannon puts the reclining seat all the way back.
I lay back and she opens my shirt. She strokes my chest and rubs her teeth on
my nipples. She circles them with her lips and tongue. She licks a wet trail
across my stomach to my belt. She unbuckles it and pulls my pants to my knees.
She cups my balls in her hand and kisses the base of my love stick.  She takes
my balls in her mouth and sucks them gently while stroking my rock hardness.
She licks her way to its head where she puts her lips around it. She sucks. Her
tongue circles. I can't hold on. "I'm gonna explode!". She grabs the base of my
swollen dick and squeezes firmly. "Not yet, baby. Wait a minute " she says.
    I turn my head and see Leann's ass in the air, Ramon's hips pumping into
her with a slapping sound, his cock shining with her wetness. Leann whelps a
little with each impact. My orgasm has subsided and Shannon straddles me. I
stop breathing as I see the silhouette of Shannon over me, her knees astride my
hips, the faint light outlining her thighs, her hips and her hairy crotch over
my dick which is standing up pointing at her puss like a guided muscle. Shannon
holds my cock and rubs her puss lips and clit on its head, her juices and my
lubricating dribblings mixing together as she makes circles with her hips. We
both moan as she lowers herself onto me, her hot wetness smoothly enveloping me.
    "It's so long. It wants to eat me" she moans. She begins to squeeze me, her
tightness growing tighter with each flex. She rubs her pussy on my pelvis,
faster and harder as she comes again. Her cunt walls throbbing, my heart
pounding loudly, I let loose a gusher as she gasps "Yes. Yes."
    Both of us drained, she lays on top of me, her head on my neck, her breasts
pressed on my chest, she gently squeezes my retreating cock with her puss. I
turn to see Leann and Ramon in a heap of heavy breathing and gentle petting.
They must have come when we did, or just before, or who cares? As we try to
find our clothes, the girls tell us they've always taken turns in the car
before, one couple then the other. This was the first time they'd done at the
same time in the car. "Us too" we said.
    The movie was long over. We wiped the windows and saw only one other car in
the drive-in. It had foggy windows. We took Leann home. We went back to Ramon's
VW. Shannon left us and drove off. Ramon and me looked at each other and
started laughing, giving each other five, hugging, slapping each other on the
back and jumping in that parking lot like a couple of faggots. We drove back to
L.A., the beer and dope long ago worn off, adrenalin still pumping. We went to
Ramon's house and fell asleep in our clothes. But we both woke up laughing.


