Archive-name: Bestial/greadane.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: There Is Nothing Like A Dane


 With her back porch door opened, Laity sat down on her country
sofa and laid a tall glass of ice tea onto the floor. Sunlight
lazily streamed passed the door and a soft warm breeze enveloped
her nude body. The sweet scent of garden flowers teased her nose
and caused her to breath deeply and expel a large sigh of disgust.

 She was definitely frustrated. Here she was, a top junior
executive employed by a Fortune 500 company and she couldn't find
any eligible males to satisfy her wanton passions. A five-digit
salary that prompted her to leave Ohio and settle in California
seemed useless to her now. 

 When she volunteered to be transferred to her company's branch
office in Marin County, California; she didn't realize how valuable
straight males would be in the city. All of her male associates
were cordial and efficient but did not express any sexual interest
at her: they either were involved, fat, ugly or gay.

 Not that she didn't try. She often went to Victoria's Secret
to buy enticing lace undergarments. She spent a entire week's
paycheck to buy that blue-laced brassiere which allowed her ample
nipples to show through her blouses. Her female associates often
joked about the "thumb tacks" that seem to be posted on her
breasts. All she knew was that she spent a fortune buying soft and
lacy undergarments and nothing seemed to be happening!

 Back home in Ohio, the type of silken wear she would wear
could cause all-American cocks to stand up and salute the flag.
Ohio, where there were plenty of real men with thick salamis ready
to rock her into ecstacy. How she missed these strong men who could
tease her cunt lips with their strong, forceful turgid cocks! Blue
veins marbling their extra large cocks. Their massive purple-headed
mushroom caps pulsating as the hot blood flowed through their hot
dicks.

 It must be the way they breed men back home. The memory of
hard thrusting coupled with the swelling of their large penises
inside her cunt sent chills up her spine. She needed to be held,
loved, and filled by a virile man. She laid back down on her couch
and started to massage her outer vagina lips with her left pinky.

 When she frequented the local bar and grills after work, she
could only salivate at the cute-looking men with their well-endowed
manhood straining to burst out of their slacks. Unfortunately, they
were looking at other cute men. 

 "Dammit!" She thought..."This isn't fair."

 It had been so long since she achieved a satisfactory orgasm
that her womb ached for the caress of the hard, thick slab of meat 
which would rock her savagely to orgasm and still remain granite
hard. She wanted a cock that she couldn't quite wrap her hand about
it. A symbol of manhood that would gently sway in the warm summer
winds of Ohio. Home, where the sun went down and darkness quickly
enveloped the corn fields, she felt safe when her hand would grope
about for her love and find the security of his turgid member 
pulsating with manliness. How she wept inside as memories of the
hard dick pelting her lips with pre-cum drops into her mouth. The
saltiness of the man-made cream danced about her tongue. 

 The "Boy/Dick of the summer" would gently bat at her
face...swaying and caressing her eye brows, nose, cheeks, and
finally coming to home plate - her lips. She could feel the intense
heat that the cock radiating within her mouth. Teasing the crown
with the edges of her front teeth, the dick expanded and cause her
lips to stretch further. Eight to ten spasms would shake the dick
as the ample semen would jet into her mouth and warmly coat her
throat. The smell of a hard cock...lingered in her mind. 

 Gazing down, she noticed that her vagina lips had expanded and
her vulva turned a pretty shade of pink. Her clit peeked out its
hood and she gently nudged it with her ring finger as her pinky
continued to play with the vulva. She was getting extremely wet.
Closing her eyes, she continued to dream and masturbate in silence.
Her pulse quicken and her breathing was becoming short.

 "Almost there...", she thought as she quicken the pace of her
fingers..."Almost there."

 She spread her legs further apart and moved her hips to the
edge of the sofa. She didn't want her vagina fluids soaking on her
sofa; instead, her nectar slowly dripped down her thighs. Her right
fingers pinched her eraser tipped nipples. She tweaked them until
they protruded out like "thumb tacks." Her uterus started to twinge
and she noticed that her clit has receded back under its hood...she
was frantic for her pending orgasm!

 She quickly reached over and picked up a cube of ice from and
drink and started to rub it gently over her sensitive nipples, down
her breasts, stomach, pubic bush, vulva, and finally her clit. Her
labia folds were swollen with anticipation.

 She closed her eyes and braced herself as the internal tremble
started to shake her body. "This is going to be good...its been so
long." She needed - No! She wanted to come hard! Her legs started
to tense up and her ankles came together intuitively. Both of her
knees started to wobble.

 "Wooph!", came a bark at the base of the sofa. Her eyes
quickly opened and she saw her neighbor's great dane sniffing and
nudging at her cunt. "Oh no!", She squealed. 

 "Get away!", she thought but it was too late. Her body
suddenly stiffen and her hips started to hump up and down in
uncontrollable ecstacy. Her cunt open and closed as the internal
spasm racked her body with pleasure.

 "Hhhuuuuuuuuuuuuu!", echoed throughout her porch as her orgasm
swept throughout her sweating body. Her hips thrusted upwards and
her knees started to come together. Unfortunately, the damn dog's
head was in the way. That couldn't be helped for she needed to
finished off the last ebb of orgasm and her legs instinctively
hoisted the dog's head further into her cunt area.

 By the time she came to her senses, the dog was happily
lapping at her vulva. Her pubic bush was rapidly becoming matted
with her sweat and the dog's lickings. For a moment, she felt
repugnant at the situation, but her body was responding otherwise.

 The afterglow from her orgasm prevented her from reacting fast
enough to push the dog away. "Oh...what the heck!" It felt good she
thought and allowed the dog to continue. "Interesting", she
thought. The rough tongue on her vagina was pleasant. Suddenly the
dog rose and started to poke her with a warm, stiff rubber object.

 "What...Oh no!..Stop...Please stop!", she wailed. The great
dane had an enormous erection and was trying to penetrate her! She
couldn't believe it. The dog was hovering over her as its
instinctive animal behavior  continued. Its rear muscles, taunt and
firm continued to prod at her vagina. 

 Instinctively, she sought to stop this action. This had gone
far enough! With willful strength, she took and hand and grabbed
the dog's penis and attempted to draw him off. Strangely enough,
as soon as her hand closed about the smooth and wet animal
instrument, the great dane jelped and lunged forward further -
pinning her body underneath him.

 There she was, in this precarious position with the dog on top
and her hand on his pulsating penis. For some strange reason, she
marvelled at the girth and length of the penis. "No! A COCK!"
echoed through her mind. It didn't matter...this was a cock, alive
and mushrooming in her hand. With decisive deliberation she
continued to stroke the dane's cock. "I wonder..."

 Guiding the head of the cock towards her outer vagina lips,
she proceeded to rub the tip with short and firm strokes. She held
onto to the cock as if it were a prized possession. It looked like
a human dick, acted like a human dick, and well...almost smelled
like a male dick. 

 "It's okay", she thought mentally. I am not doing anything
kinky here. I'm just a woman playing around with the neighbor's
dog. Suddenly she noticed the round sacs of testicles hanging
behind the long hard cock. "They are huge!" as her eyes widen. Sacs
of oranges - fruit ripe for the picking.

 "I wonder how his dick would feel in my cunt?"

 Slowly she teased her lips with the cock and the next thing
she knew the head was inside of her. "Not bad...but kind of
different." She felt in control and allowed the dog to continue to
hover and push. Suddenly, it was all in and the dog started to
speed up its humping tempo. A warm feeling came over Laity as her
hips started to match the tempo of the dog. For every male thrust,
her hips slammed upwards to meet the thrust.

 Within seconds, the dog tensed and Laity felt spurts of dog
semen jets racing about in her. There was so much of it that it
started to leak out of her vagina and onto her thighs. She didn't
come at all although she felt that she was on the verge of second
orgasm. "Oh well...not as good as a man."

 Expecting the dog to drop off of her, she was mildly surprised
that the dog was still hard and in fact: his cock seemed to be
growing larger. Something must have triggered inside her body since
her hips continued to hump against the trapped dog dick. With each
hump, the dick seemed to be growing larger and larger!

 "Yeeeesssss....fuck me! Hhuuuuuuuuu....yeessss!" like a pig
she squealed as her second orgasm hit. She pinched both her nipples
and laughed as her body continue to shake and shiver. Her vagina
must have squeezed this dane dry, she surmised. In ten minutes, the
dane dropped off and slurped at her cunt as to seemingly mark his
territory and proceeded out the porch door.

 She looked at his swaying balls as he trotted off and she
smiled. The animal's dick was still wet with her fluids. She was
damn glad that there were cocks of all makes and sizes in this
world.

--
