Archive-name: School/great1.txt
Archive-author: Baron
Archive-title: Great Adventure, The


CHAPTER I

I'm was staying in a hotel in Princeton, NJ while registering
for classes at Princeton Univeristy when I noticed a small petite
woman at the ice cream counter located next to the pool. She was
suggestively eating a vanilla ice cream cone. Dressed in
jeans, a tighly fitting t-shirt that showed off the treasures
that mother nature gave to her in abundance and seemed to be equal
to a set of measurments equal to 38C-30-34. I knew I was onto a
good thing since she was there the afternoon before and was
obviously alone, like me.

I started to chat with her and find out that her name was
Amber. She dropped a comment that she'd like someone to mend
the plug on the hair-drier in her room. I offered to do it.
She asked me to wait down at the bar while she wanted to
phone someone from her room and to asked me to give her ten
minutes. The next ten minutes dragged by as I start to
anticipate what undressing this cute woman would uncover.
I look at my watch about 5 times, ordered another drink
for courage, and got to the elevators like the building was
on fire. The tenth floor seems a mile away, with the whole
world getting on and off at each floor.

I got out of the elevator and found her room number 6900 and
knocked on the door, somewhat apprehensive.

She opened the door. Imagine my surprise to see her standing
there dressed only in her pink teddie. She looked fantastic as
she motioned for me to come in.

"Thanks. Where's the drier", I ask.

"I'll get it for you," she says. She went to the dressing
table and handed it to me.

I played along with it for a few seconds. "I can't see anything
wrong with it," I said, not having a clue; "but there might be
a loose connection in the plug. Have you got a nail file?"

"Here," she replied, giving it to me. "While you fix it I'll
just take a shower."

So there's me fiddling away with the nail file, undoing the
plug, while she showers within feet of me, this gorgeous
female I've never met before, In fact, the wire was loose and
it was easily mended. She came out of the shower clad only in
a large bath towel, drying herself and looking so sexy that I
could have jumped on her there and then.

"I've fixed it." I say proudly.

"Thought you would," she smiled; "now let's see if it works."
Without a blink she threw the towel on the floor and
stretched out naked on the bed.

"Perhaps you'd like to try it out here." she says, pointing
to her pubic hair.

I don't need asking twice. I'm was on the bed playing the
current of warm air over her fanny and gently running my
fingers through her hair before she's finished asking. The
warm air soon began to have the desired effect and she
started to breathe heavily. Her legs open slightly, and she
started to caress her breasts.

"It's too hot," she moaned after a while. "cool me down now."

I took my cue from her and , getting down between her legs, I
got down on her fresh pussy and cooled her hot, aching clitoris
with my wet tongue.

"How's that?" I asked, raising my head for a moment. But she
was in another world.

Within seconds I'm nuzzled her sweet-smelling pussy again and
caressed her little knob to a climax. Her body writhed as
she clasped her thighs so hard around my head I think she'll
screw it off. It was such bliss that I kept on tonguing her
more and more as she tossed from side to side, trying to push
my tongue deeper into her pussy. The wetness of my tongue and
her juices mingle as we roll together, moaning and wallowing
in one another.

She moved out from under me and got into a submissive kneeing
position on the bed with her back to me. I climbed behind her
as my hands moved all over her behind and I started to put my
fingers into her pussy just teasing the outside of the pussy
wet lips.

"I hope you hands are clean," she remarks quietly, without
turning around. And I'd like something a bit larger than your
fingers while your at it," she said.

I noticed that next to her bed was a purple dildo sticking out
from under her pillow and I took it in my hands and ran it
over the cheeks of her ass. She pushed her hips back against
the dildo and started bucking her hips trying to get me to rub
her clit with the toy. I teased her for a few minutes like
this and told her to put her head on the bed and raise her ass
into the air.

I parted her lips be inserting the dildo into her pussy and
while I was doing this she opened her legs winder as she pushed her
hips back towards the oncoming object in my hand. It was rather
thick for her, but after some resistance she got it in and
looked over her shoulder with a smile of delight.

"I'm ready for you, sir," she murmured, after awhile." Fuck me
with the real thing."

I move up behind her and after moving out the dildo from her
wet pussy, slid myself into her wet, juicy hole with no
resistance at all.

"This is what you get for being such a slut, you little
tease," I told her as I pounded in and out of her pussy.

She smiled at me and told me, "I've been planning this since
the first night I saw you at the bar".

Fucking her at a fast pace caused her to make little crying
noises and I knew that she would be cumming soon. I bent down
and picked up her panties noticing that they were wet with
her juices probably from before her shower. Shoving her
panties in her with mouth was no problem. At first she
resisted opening her mouth until I grabbed one of her
breasts. A gentle massaging of it caused Amber to opened
her mouth to cry out and I quickly shoved part of her wet
panties into her open mouth. She looked like a tasty tart
asking to be taken for a ride.

Both of us come at almost the same time as she squeezed
me even from inside. I was all the way into her and noticed
all her juices were running out of her pussy and down her legs.
I moved away from her after a few minutes and layed her down on
her back and snuggled next to her as a smile appeared on her
face.  She put my hand on her wet pussy and then brought it up
to her mouth and sucked her wetness off of my hand.

She looked over at me with a grin on her face and said," What
are you doing tommorrow night, sir?"

--
