                     "In the Greek Way"

    We shove off in my small cabin cruiser and hug the rocky
shoreline till we come to a favorite spot of mine just around the
east end of the island;l call it Hidden Cove. This is both a
quiet area for fishing and a well-concealed spot for nude swim-
ming and sunbathing. A half mile offshore, we fish. Theo soon
catches a barbounia that's just large enough to make a hot lunch,
and then we put our rods away and anchor about a hundred feet
out.

    I'm not above showing off my body, since I'm well-built and
well-hung. I strip in front of the boy and dive into the water.
As I come to the surface, I see him on the bow, wriggling out of
his tight pants and stepping awkwardly into his bikini as if he
doesn't want even the seagulls to see his cock. His back is to
me, but I can see his balls as he bends over. I can see his
compact buns and the little rose of his asshole. When he turns
around, my eyes dart to the pouch of his bikini, which sags with
the weight of his cock. I start to get a bone-on even in the cold
water and have to keep submerged till l get it under control.

    Swimming brings out the kid even in an old guy of 24, and I
begin to feel very young indeed. Theo's normally serious person-
ality also gives way to a childlike animation. After we have been
splashing around for a quarter of an hour, he tosses his bikini
from the water into the boat.

    I give him a little time to get used to his nudity, and then
I dive underwater to get a closer view of that dick I've been
fixating on. Shit! It's beautifully smooth and cylindrical in the
pale green cast of the water, with a delicately plumped helmet-s-
haped head.

    I have the impulse to fumble his goodies. But sex seems like
the last thing on Theo's mind as he repeatedly climbs onto the
boat and, shining with water, dives off, his cock banging noncha-
lantly against his slender thighs.

    Finally we're hungry enough to stop swimming. With the food
and equipment in a floating Styrofoam chest, I strike out naked
for shore, where the narrow pebbled beach lies snugly enclosed by
high rocks. I can see Theo watching me from the bow of the boat,
I suppose debating whether he should stay nude himself. Then he
dives into the water and joins me.

    We squat on our heels beside a small driftwood fire, over
which I fry the fish. The sun, now straight above us, is like a
hot, seductive hand on all my erogenous zones. Theo now seems at
ease with his nakedness, making no effort to conceal the cock and
balls hanging down below his smooth little buttocks.

    Now he's absorbed in eating. l open a chilled bottle of
aspro, and we take turns slugging from it. In the absence of
fresh water, Theo has no other way of quenching his thirst, and
his healthy swigs give me the sweet, guilty feeling that I am
going to get the boy drunk.

    The wine and food have created a warm atmosphere, and Theo
smiles more readily and talks more freely. His ambition is to buy
a dirt bike, and his eyes dance as he talks about it. His hands
rev up imaginary handlebars.

    By the time we are through the bottle, I've got a buzz in my
head, and I know I'm mildly squiffed. It's affecting Theo too.
His eyes seem unfocused. He carelessly sprawls on his back with
his legs apart. His cock has lengthened and firmed. Mine is hard
now, standing up between my thighs, and I'm trying to keep him
from seeing it.

    But then I think, What the fuck. I get up unsteadily and with
my hard-on hanging out loud, put sand on the fire, rinse the
dishes in the salt water, and then spread a blanket on the sand
in the remaining sunshine, before the sun disappears behind the
high rocks. Wine always makes me sleepy. I crash down onto the
soft bedding, careless that my engorged cock is there for Theo to
find crude. As I drift into slumber, I can see him pissing a long
arching stream into the surf. Then I feel him lie down beside me.
His smooth hip touches mine, and after that I am out of it.

    l wake up maybe an hour later. Theo is lying on his stomach,
his mouth slightly open and drooling saliva onto the blanket. Now
I enjoy the luxury of looking at him openly and closeup. My cock,
which has softened in sleep, becomes rigid again. His walnut skin
is flawless and as smooth as satin. I bend over him, my face
within an inch of his butt, savoring the softly defined V where
the two mounds curve away from one another just above his tail-
bone. A faint but exciting fragrance of clean boy skin drifts up
into my nostrils. Not daring to touch him, I trace my index
finger a half inch above the central valley that goes from just
above his ass up between his shoulder

blades to the nape of his neck. I come back to his ass. His legs
are slightly spread, and below his buns I can see his nuts like
two pink Ping-Pong balls and, poking out below them, his darker
cock, long but reposing in the relaxation of innocence.

    I am really in a struggle with myself to keep from crawling
all over the kid. I know that once I touch him, no matter how
lightly, I can no longer control myself. Is this a moment of
truth? Am I too decent to plow this virgin ass?

    Aching with suppressed desire, I pantomime licking his
exposed genitals and then, with a sigh, withdraw from him and
stand up. The sun has gone behind the rocks, and the fog has
begun to drift in. Theo's body is getting goose pimples, but he's
still fast asleep. I put my side of the blanket over him and,
feeling the growing chill in the air, wade out into the water and
swim back to the boat, which is now hidden by the fog. I dry off
in the warmth of the cabin.

    After a while I begin to get horny again. The residual heat
from the sun's rays is still over all my skin, and the image of
Theo's naked body nags at my brain. Lying on my back in my bunk,
I put both hands on my cock and begin slowly to jack off. After
all, I now recognize the absurdity of my hope to seduce him, and
I figure I might as well pleasure myself. The boat rocks gently
at its anchorage, in rhythm with my strokes. Little by little, my
mind becomes totally absorbed in my masturbation, and I writhe in
that graceless and abandoned way that guys do when all they can
think of is to get their rocks off.

    I hear a creak on the ladder behind me. Theo is standing just
inside the cabin, looking at me wide-eyed, his mouth hanging
open, his naked body dripping water. I stare embarrassed at him.
I wait for the mouth to snap closed in a thin judgmental line. I
wait for him to be disgusted.

    And then a stunning thing happens. His cock, which has
retracted to a nub during his chilling swim to the boat, now
lengthens and swings up into the kind of erection that only a
teenager can produce. The cock head almost touches his belly
button. The shaft, in its blood-filled state, is almost as thick
as the cock head.

    He seems unable to move from the spot, but he is now breath-
ing heavily through his open mouth. His eyes are riveted on my
hands as I beat my meat.

    I'm past pretending. "Come here, Theo," I hear myself say,
with desperate calmness.

    The boy inches toward my bunk, a look of apprehension on his
face. Now, for the first time all day, I touch his body. I cup my
hands around his butt and, dizzy with feeling that soft density,
pull him close to my face. The cushiony rose helmet of his cock
head touches my lips. The heat and smell of his aroused crotch
reintoxicates my senses. Whatever the consequences, I can't stop
now.

    I reach blindly behind my head under the pillow where I
usually keep my condoms. Oh, shit! They aren't there! I remember
immediately that the new pack is in the chest back on the fucking
beach!

    I hold him by his thighs and begin to lick his hairless
balls. His eyes are closed, and his head is flung back. He is
panting so rapidly I think he might keel over. But he's submit-
ting to me completely. His balls are salty. I put them one by one
in my mouth, excited out of my mind by the bulk and taste and
texture of them against my tongue and lips and by the crisp pubic
hair against my nose.
    Now I begin to lick the underside of his shaft as, with my
little finger, l lightly feather his asshole. The boy's body is
shaking uncontrollably. His panting increases in tempo, and I
know he's within a few seconds of coming. I quickly pull away and
grab Theo's hands, which have gone compulsively to his cock. A
dreamy look comes over his face that suggests he is teetering
helplessly on the edge of orgasm. A shining pearl of clear come
forms at the little pink mouth at the tip of his cock, but he
does not shoot.

    Now he is totally submissive. I sit up, throwing my legs over
the side of the bunk. Taking hold of his soft, narrow hips, I
position him facing me between my knees. I guide his hands down
to my cock, where they take firm hold. l lick his nipples, which
are already hardened into tight little leather beads. l lick his
chest and on up to his throat, feeling his heart beating rapidly
through his soft, smooth skin. With my face wedged between his
chin and chest, I slide my hands up his slender thighs, narrowly
avoiding his. cock and balls but slipping my fingers into the
crack between his buns and stroking his moist hole. He gasps as
if he's been hit by an electric shock.

    I cup my hands around the tender globes of his buns and feel
a spasm of delight in my brain as I squeeze them. Then I slide my
hands up his waist and feel him everywhere about his chest and
back, encountering unimaginably smooth, soft, but resilient skin.
His heart is pounding, and his whole body is vibrating to my
touch like the strings of a guitar. Meanwhile, he is feverishly
pumping my cock with both hands.

    The boy sinks to his knees, and before I can react, he is
licking the ridge of my cock head. Quickly, almost roughly, I
push his face away, even as I feel myself succumbing to the soft,
sexy contact and craving to slide my whole shaft into what I know
is his entirely willing mouth.

    "No, Theo!"I cry hoarsely as I feel my orgasm rising inside
me. Now I know I can't hold it back any longer. As he huddles
there between my knees, I shoot my load onto his chest.

    As the creamy white mass flows down the valley between his
pecs to his navel, I pick the boy up and lay him gently on my
bunk. I kneel beside the bunk and lick my jism from his hot,
pulsating skin. His hands play feverishly with the back of my
head as I bathe him with my tongue. Then I slip my right arm
under his legs just above the knees and force them upward until
his knees touch his shoulders and his cock head is virtually
against his lips. "Hold them there, Theo,"I tell him. He obeys,
his eyes searching mine like those of a captured wild animal,
just visible over the twin globes of his balls.

    Now I gently finger his pucker, not probing it, just lightly
stroking the area around it and barely touching the spot itself.
The effect on Theo is dramatic. His whole body trembles. With my
middle finger I put only the slightest pressure upon the spot. He
begins to groan loudly. A drop of precome swells out of his piss
hole and lengthens toward his mouth. His tongue appears between
his lips and licks the drop off his cock tip.

    I continue to tease his asshole. "Put it in me!" he begs. I
press a little harder and feel the muscle give way. The tip of my
finger is squeezed by the soft, wet sphincter. l wait, then press
again, and feel my finger sliding slowly in up to the first
knuckle and then the second. And now my fist is flat against his
butt.

    "O-o-oh!" he moans, but his voice is muffled. His cock head
is in his mouth up to the ridge! l slowly pull my finger out till
only the tip remains inside him. Then I slide it all the way in
again. His lips have closed over at least an inch of his shaft,
and I can see from the hollows in his cheeks that he is sucking
himself. Now more rapidly I move my finger in and out, and Theo's
hips move to increase the pace. About half his cock is now in his
mouth.

    His dark eyes are staring into mine in a kind of mute appeal.
I get the message. I clasp the back of his head with both hands
and pull it up. His cock slides into his mouth all the way to his
balls. Suddenly his body tenses, his balls jerk, and I can tell
that he is gulping down his pulsing semen.

    Finally he relaxes, and his cock pops out of his mouth, semen
still seeping from its tip. His eyes are closed, his lips parted,
still smeared with his own come. l lower his legs to the mattress
and crawl into the bunk with him. I draw the boy's naked body
against mine, pulling a blanket over us. Outside the porthole the
fog has deepened. The boat rocks softly like a cradle, and soon I
am sinking into a voluptuous slumber.

    How much later it is, I don't know. I am dreaming that I am
sucking a cock. It is wonderfully filling my mouth, moving in and
out, I suddenly come awake. I am sucking a cock! Theo is standing
by the bunk, his hands on the bulkhead above me, and he is
shoving his cock into my mouth right up to his nuts. He is
wearing a condom!

    He pulls out and lifts my right leg till my crotch is
stretched wide. Then, half on and half off the bunk, he shoves
his cock into my asshole and energetically fucks me. It hurts at
first, but my sphincter quickly adjusts, and soon I am over-
whelmed by great waves of pleasure as I feel Theo's cock slide
all the way up into me. Finally I feel his cock recoiling in
orgasm. He slides out of me and lies on top of me, his heart
beating against mine.

    "How the hell did you happen to have this rubber?"I demand as
he squirms against my torso.

    "My mother," he murmurs and flicks his tongue into my ear.
Out of the corner of my eye I can see the flash of his shy smile.
"She made me bring it."       
