                  THE BROTHERS' GRIM

                     By Blackwind



Mikey Grim thought the car seemed too quiet, even with
Lenny, Larry, Billy and Shiela in the car.  It was probably
because he'd gotten pretty used to the frightened whimpes
and screams of the 15 year old they'd just shot and dumped.
She'd been a lot of fun.  Real cute, virgin.  They'd taken
her from an ice cream stand and raped her over the last
couple of days before finally ditching her.  Permanently.

The four of them were brothers.  The Brothers Grim,
actually, and their 14 year old sister Shiela.  Each of the
brothers had spent time in prison for rape and other crimes
and had banded together when they got out.  They'd taken on
Shiela after their momma died and had been using the little
slut the way they used the countless teenage girls and young
women they frequently abducted.

"Hey, let's get a little girl this time.  They're a lot
of fun.  Nice and tight and fun.  Real easy to handle, too,
ifn' you get one young enough.  I know, I done 'em before",
Billy suggested.

The brothers talked about it for a while and agreed.
There was a K-mart nearby where they could go.  Lenny got
out when the pulled in.  "I'll wait in the alley, get me
when you got her", he told them.  "Case she gives you
trouble."

They sent Shiela in to get them a kid.  Shiela had a
pretty good idea of what to look for. Cute and young.  She
saw some but decided they were either too young, old or just
too hard to lure.  She needed a young, naive kid.

She found one at the end of an empty toy aisle.  She
was adorable and small, maybe four feet tall and slim.  Her
hair was a really wild wavy kind that went all about her
shoulders.  She had violet blue eyes and a cute face with a
little nose.  Shiela guessed she might be a rich girl.  She
wore little diamond earrings and her clothes were
rich-looking: a white blouse under a black pullover sweater
and tiny, tight fitting denim shorts, with brand-new looking
white Reebok tennis sneakers on her feet.  Her legs and face
were nicely tanned, and Sheila knew her brothers would love
this.

She approached the girl with a smile.  "Hi, I'm Shiela.
 Your mom asked me to find you.  She had to go and she
wanted me to come get you."

The girl gave her a big smile.  "I'm Vicki.  Did mommy
tell you to find me?"

"She sure did.  She said to find you and give you a
ride home."

"Mommy says I shouldn't go with strangers", Vicki told
her.  "But strangers are bad men, right?  You look nice."

"Thanks."  Shiela took the girl's hand.  It was a nice
change of pace.  She was used to luring girls her own age,
not leading ones this young.

She had no trouble getting her out of the store and
into the parking lot.  She was lucky, and she knew it.

The three brothers were in the car, waiting, when
Shiela came back with a little girl.  A small blonde,
absolutely adorable.  Shiela had really pulled it off.  The
girl was smiling.

Billy was in the backseat, jacking off.  He'd lied to
his brothers about doing the little girls; he done some
young teens but no kid that young.  He wondered if she'd
have an orgasm.  He'd heard little girls were easy fucks,
'specially when you tied 'em up.

In the front seat, Harry was staring.  The kid was so
young and small he knew he wouldn't have to slap her around
like he did some of the women.  She'd probably just lie
there.

Mikey was looking at the little girl and wondering if
she'd bleed a lot, like Shiela did her first time.
Probably.  Mikey didn't like all that blood.  Mikey didn't
like cuts or bruises or broken bones and that was why he
always cleaned up the girls.  It wasn't because he was nice.
 It just turned him off.

Shiela opened the back door.  "Guys, this is Vicki
Flagstaff.  These are my brothers Billy, Harry and Mikey",
Shiela introduced.  She helped the little girl onto the seat
and sat down next to her.  "Vicki's seven, guys.  Is she
okay?"

"She's perfect", Billy said.  "She's really pretty."
He gave her a big grin.  Vicki smiled shyly.  Billy ran his
hand through her hair.  "We're gonna go for a ride, Vicki.
And we're gonna have a lot of fun with you.  And you're
gonna be a good girl, right?"  Vicki nodded.

"Sure she is", Shiela promised, running her hand along
the length of one of the girl's bare legs.  Billy ran his
along the other.  The girl didn't seem to mind much, but her
smile did flicker.

Shiela saw the bulge in her brother's pants and knew
she'd done good.  She kind of felt sorry for the little girl
but was so turned on by the idea of her brother's raping
little Vicki while she watched that she wasn't going to
interfere.

Mikey pulled the car around the alleyway behind the
store and Shiela jumped out.  She got in front with her
other two brothers so Lenny could get in back.  He took one
look at the little girl and his eyes lit up.  "Hey, that's
good.  She's cute.  How old you, little girl?"

"Seven", Vicki answered.  Mikey started to drive again.
 Lenny asked the little girl some other things, like her
name and where she went to school.  Pretty soon Vicki
noticed they were driving somewhere.  "When are you going to
take me home?", she asked.  "Mommy will be worried."

"Not for a while", Lenny told her.  His voice was like
thick syrup.  Little Vicki wasn't smiling anymore and seemed
about to panic.  Lenny decided it was time and Billy put one
arm around the girl so her arms were down and placed his
other hand over her mouth.  Little Vicki began whimpering
and squirming a lot.  She was really scared.

Lenny started molesting her right away.  He started
rubbing the crotch of her shorts and her legs.  Vicki
squirmed a lot but couldn't go anywhere.  Lenny told Billy
to put his hand down and the little girl started pleading
for them to tak her home.  Lenny started kissing her mouth
to shut her up.  Little Vicki squirmed helplessly.

"Tie her up, Billy", Shiela urged.  "I want to see her
tied up."

Grinning at his little sister's eagerness, Billy picked
up the rope from the floor and used it to tie the little
girl's hands behind her.  Lenny stopped kissing her and
watched her squirm.

"No!  Leave me alone!", the little girl screamed with
real tears on her face.  Lenny raised his hand to hit her,
but Mikey stopped him.

"Don't mess her up, Lenny.  She's just a little kid.
She ain't cute with bruises."

"Yeah.  Billy, shut her up", Shiela insisted.

"I like to hear her scream", Larry laughed.  "It makes
me hard."

"She'll scream a lot when we fuck her", Lenny laughed.
"Shut her up, Billy.  Shut her up good."

Billy picked up two of the rags they used to gag the
girls they took.  After balling it up he shoved it into the
girl's mouth and tied the second cloth around her head,
holding the first one in.  The little girl was still able to
whimper and moan, but not scream.  She was trembling all
over, her little thighs quivering enticingly in front of
Lenny.

"Pull over someplace", he told Mikey.  "I want to do
her quick!"

Mikey found a side road and drove down it.  After a bit
he found an old barn, almost falling down, and drove behind
it.  Everybody got out but Shiela and Lenny.  Little Vicki
looked at them all with terrified, tear filled eyes and
wondered what was going to happen.

Billy laid the girl down and held her shouldes while
Lenny pulled her shorts off.  Vicki didn't resist.  Lenny
pulled off the girl's pink cotton panties and laid his eyes
on her bare, flat mound.  He spread Vicki's legs and dropped
his pants, laughing at how she stared at his erect tool.

"Fuck her, Lenny.  Fuck her hard", Shiela begged.  She
already had her hands down in her own shorts, fingering
herself madly.  She was already hot and wet.

Lenny grinned at his sister and spread the little
girl's labia lips.  Vicki squirmed a bit.  Lenny put his
cock head against the inner folds.  She was tighter than any
of the teenage virgins he'd done.  Dry like them too.  She'd
be a bleeder for sure.  He pushed a little harder until his
cock was against her tiny maidenhead.  Vicki was moaning and
twisting around now.  "Quit squirmin'!", he snapped at her.
She stopped.  Lenny pushed hard against her maidenhead.  He
felt it tear.  Little Vicki let out a painful moan and a
grunt and her stomach flexed.  Then she sobbed real loud and
began to shake.  Lenny knew it must have hurt.

He pushed as far as he could but she was real tight, so
he pulled out and pushed in harder.  Little Vicki was really
sobbing and he was getting turned on.  He began to pump her.
 Each time he got a little further until his balls were
banging off her ass.  She only bled a trickle.  She was
twitching and groaning the way virgins do and Lenny couldn't
stop himself, he came.  He dumped his whole load inside her
and pulled out.  In the front seat Shiela came and was
hanging over the seat, panting and moaning.  Lenny hauled
her out of the car and told her to lick him clean.  Shiela
made a face.

"But Lenny, it's all bloody and cummy", she protested.
There was only a trace of blood but a lot of cum.  She
wanted Lenny to make her lick.  She liked being slapped
around.

Lenny just grabbed her hair and jammed her down on
his cock.  He heard her gag and kept her head down till she
got it right.

He watched Larry's bare ass moving in and out as he
fucked the young child.  Mikey was next, eager stroking his
rock hard cock.  Lenny envied Mikey because Mikey had the
biggest dick but he was a wimp.  He liked to fuck the girls
but he didn't like to hurt them.

"No, please, stop!  It hurts!"

Lenny glared.  Billy had taken the girl's gag off.
"Please leave me alone!  Owwww!  Please take me owwww,
home!"

Her screams were really turning Lenny on again.
Shiela was still sucking him and he wanted to come.  Lenny
and his brothers hated Shiela.  Even Mikey hated her.  When
Shiela turned fifteen in a few days, they were going to gang
rape her for her birthday and kill her.  The only reason
they hand't done it earlier was because she was good at
luring girls.

"No, no, no, no!  Please, AHHHHHHHHHH!"  Vicki screamed
really loud.  Larry was coming in her.  Billy was gagging
her again.  Lenny was about to come again in Shiela's mouth.
 He shoved his sister away and slapped her across the face.
Shiela liked that.  Sick slut!

Billy hurried over and pushed Mikey aside.  "Me first,
wimp!", he snapped and really started pounding the little
girl.  Vicki jerked and twitched all over the seat.  He
pounded her a good long time before he let Mikey take over.

They all watched Mikey.  He got on her real slowly and
put his cock in slowly.   He took out her gag.  "No, please
mister, please don't, no more,
please...don't....AHHHHHH...."

Mikey was buried in her, pumping slow.  "You're hurting
me...please stop....please let me go home..." the little
girl was begging again.

"Shut up!", Lenny snapped.  The kid had a big mouth,
big enough to suck his cock.  He was going to make her, too.
 Inside the car Vicki was gasping and Mikey was moaning up a
storm.

"I came", he announced and pulled out of Vicki.  Lenny
hauled the young girl out of the car and pushed her down on
her back in the grass.  Then he moved up to straddle her
face.

"You suck this, got it?  You bite and I'll knock your
teeth down your throat!", he shouted, shoving most of his
cock into the girl's mouth.  He wanted a good blowjob so he
didn't push it all the way in.  Little Vicki didn't bite
him.  She sucked, but it was pathetic.  "Pretend it's a
fuckin' lollipop, you little cunt!"

Vicki began to suck harder.  It felt good.  He heard
Billy messing around behind him.  Then Vicki twitched and
Billy was in her again.  The brother's picked up a rhythm.
Lenny grabbed her head and jerked it up and down while his
brother pumped her tiny cunt.  Lenny came first.  The girl's
mouth was a hot, wet little oven that just drank down his
cum.  He got off and traded with Billy, then it was Larry
and Mikey's turn.  Shiela knelt next to them and fingered
herself.  Little Vicki was getting pretty worn out by now.

When the two brothers were done, Mikey cleaned her up
with a towel from the car.  He pulled her panties and shorts
up.  Billy got some more rope and they tied her ankles
together and put her in the trunk.  "You gonna kill
her?", Shiela asked expectantly.  The brothers hardly let
any of their victims go.

"Nah, let's not, Lenny.  She's a little kid.  She'll be
so shit scared of us coming back she won't tell.  'Sides,
maybe we'll get her again one a these days, huh?", Billy
suggested.

"Yeah, right", Lenny told him.  He went around to the
trunk and opened the lid.  Vicki stared at him with absolute
terror.  He put his hand around her little throat and
squeezed.  She kicked and squirmed, her face got all red,
then her eyes closed and she stopped moving.  Figurings
she'd had it, Lenny shut the lid.

He had Mikey drive a couple of miles further and stop.
There was nobody around and they were near the edge of a
field of tall grass.  Lenny got the girl's body out of the
trunk and laid her down in the grass.  Then he noticed she
was still breathing.

"You little shit!", he hissed, and was going to
strangle her again, then thought about what Billy had said.
Yeah, maybe they would get her again someday.  So he left
her live.  Big deal.  There would be others.  Soon as they
got rid of Shiela.

(For those curious readers, Vicki did survive and was
later found by a farmer.  Not that it matters, cause this is
just a story.)
