		     "The Real World Grind"

		       by Mitchell Knight



	"Welcome to the Grind.  We're comin' to ya from Zuma Beach,
California.  I'm your host Eric Nies.  And today I have with me
my very special guest: Aaron, from the second season of the Real
World," Eric announced.

	Aaron flashed the familiar boyish smile at the camera.

	"So let's get to it.  Here's our first song: 'Pumps and a Bump'
from Hammer."

	The camera panned away, and the dancers on the set started
grinding, bumping, and shaking to the music.  Throughout the
song the cameramen made their usual closeups of the women's'
bouncing breasts and tight bellies.  Occasionally they'd sweep
in on the buff beach bum as he flexed his hard naked torso for
the audience.

	Halfway through the show, they broke away to Eric and Aaron.

	"So, Aaron, how's life going since the Real World?" Eric asked.

	"Not too bad.  I've got myself a good job that still leaves me
time to surf," Aaron answered.

	"Yeah, that's right.  You're really into surfing.  Maybe
sometime we'll have to get together, so you can show me some
moves."

	"Sure, anytime."

	"Great.  Now here's our next song, 'Anything' by SWV."

	The show slowly drug to an end, and the production team cleared
the set.

	"Hey, Aaron, thanks for being on the show today," Eric said.

	"No problem."

	"Are you hot?" Eric asked.

	"Yeah, kinda.  The beach sure was hot today."

	"Do you want to go for a swim?"

	"Right now?" Aaron asked skeptically.

	"Yeah."

	"I don't have my trunks along."

	"Don't worry about it.  We can go nude.  Just behind the bluffs
over there is the perfect hidden little beach.  What do you say?"

	Aaron shrugged.  "Sure, that sounds fine with me."

	"Okay," Eric said, smiling.  "I'll race you."

	Eric took off running across the hot sand of the beach, his
muscular legs kicking up the sand as he went.  Aaron took off at
a fair clip, but still couldn't catch up with him.  Aaron
watched as Eric disappeared behind the edge of the bluffs.  By
the time he reached there, Eric was slipping out of his shorts. 
Then he pulled down his white briefs to stand nude against the
beauty of the secluded beach setting.

	"C'mon," Eric urged, laughing as he ran towards the clear blue
of the water as it swept up onto the beach.  Aaron paused to
watch Eric's firm ass pump in time with his legs.  Something
about the scene sent a tickle through his groin.  Then Eric had
jumped into the water, and his ass disappeared.

	As Aaron undressed, he remembered reading about Eric in an
issue of Rolling Stone.  The only reason he'd bothered was
because he was curious about a former member of The Real World,
but he found himself becoming drawn to the muscular handsome
model once he was halfway through the article.  The picture of
Eric bare assed had sent a strange shiver through Aaron's body
and this had made him keep that issue hidden in among his
textbooks.

	Eric watched as Aaron stripped off his briefs and started
running towards the water.  Eric couldn't suppress the smile
that slipped to his lips as he watched Aaron's cock bounce in
the bed of brown curls.

	"Hey, what's so funny?" Aaron asked once he'd splashed close
enough to notice.

	"Nothing."

	Eric turned and swam farther out; Aaron followed.

	"Doesn't this feel great?" Eric asked.

	"Yeah," Aaron sighed.  "Are the tapings usually that warm?"

	"Sometimes.  It just depends on the weather."

	Aaron laid back and started floating.  Eric grinned again as he
watched Aaron's penis break the surface.  Between his legs he
began to feel his own cock start to harden.  He sprang forward
then and pushed Aaron's face back into the water.

	Arms and legs flailing, Aaron struggled back to the surface
and, with a vengeful smile, leaped forward to apply his weight
to the top of Eric's head.  He plunged him under the water and
held him there for a while as Eric struggled to get back to the
surface.  Then Aaron let go and swam off, laughing as he went.

	Eric chased, and they wrestled playfully in the cool water. 
After a while they decided to make it back to shore.  Their
smooth muscular bodies reclined languidly on the warm sand side
by side.  

	"You've got a really nice tan," Eric commented, noticing the
contrast between the white band at Aaron's crotch and the rest
of his skin.

	"Thanks, so do you," Aaron responded, glancing at Eric's cock
as it nestled in its own bush of brown curls.

	"Have you ever modeled before?" 

	"Not really.  I've posed for a calendar before, but that's it."

	"You've got a really nice body.  That's why I asked."

	"Do you like modeling?"

	"Yeah, I do."

	"I was wondering.  I saw one episode where it looked like you
were posing in the nude.  Do you like doing that kind of thing?"

	Eric nodded.  Then he smiled sheepishly.  "Don't tell anyone,
but actually it kind of turns me on."

	Aaron chuckled.  "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone.  Especially
not Julie."

	Eric groaned.  "Don't start.  There was never anything between
us."

	"I know.  But she was cute."

	"Yeah, but to tell you the truth, I'd rather have gotten it on
with Norman."

	"Are you serious?" Aaron asked, sitting up in shock.

	Eric sat up and smiled, nodding.

	"Are you...gay?"

	Eric chuckled.  "No.  I just know that the guy was really
attracted to me, and I'm always up for new things.  He would
have been pretty easy to get into bed."

	Aaron just raised his eyebrows and then laid back to try and
make sense of why his stomach had started trembling at Eric's
admission.  Eric continued to lean on one elbow and run his eyes
up and down Aaron's nude form.

	"I hope you don't mind me saying this, but you've got a really
sexy body," Eric said.

	"No, that's okay.  You're pretty good-looking yourself," Aaron
admitted.

	"Would it be okay if I touched you?" Eric asked.

	Aaron paused as he thought about it while the trembling
threatened to spread to the rest of his body.

	"Hey, if it's a problem, I won't.  Don't--"

	"No, go ahead," Aaron interrupted.

	One of Eric's squarish hands landed lightly on Aaron's chest. 
It slowly ran over the smooth tan flesh, brushing at a nipple
and then descended to his hard, flat stomach.  Aaron watched the
hand travel down until his fingertips were stroking the soft
flesh of the white area of his skin.  Aaron glanced over at Eric
and saw his penis standing straight out from his body in a
proud, red erection.

	Tentatively, Aaron stretched out a hand and touched the tip of
this throbbing organ.  He slid his finger down its length and
heard Eric sigh in pleasure.  Then Eric got to his knees and
moved closer to Aaron.  He brought a leg over Aaron's waist and
then brought his full weight down on top of him.  Their smooth
naked flesh pressed against the other.  Aaron could feel Eric's
erection probing into the tender flesh of his abdomen.

	Aaron's penis immediately began to lengthen and harden in
response.  Eric pressed against this growing warmth, grinding
his body against Aaron's.  Then he laid down flat and buried his
face in Aaron's neck.  He breathed deeply of the salty, manly
scent.  His hand stroked the soft, fine blond hair as he slowly
ground his body against Aaron's.

	With each thrust of his hips, Aaron would thrust up to meet
Eric.  Their erections slipped over the other's flesh, eliciting
sparks of delight along their erections which coursed through
their bodies.  Eric nipped lightly at Aaron's neck as he started
thrusting faster.  Aaron pulled Eric tight against him and ran
his hands up and down Eric's smooth, muscular back.

	"Oh, I'm gonna cum," Eric whispered, his breath hot against
Aaron's ear.

	"Do it," Aaron whispered back.

	He gripped Eric's buttocks as he made his last thrust forward. 
He groaned loudly, and Aaron felt the hot semen spurt in
powerful jets against his flesh.  Afterwards Eric collapsed for
a few moments on top of Aaron before rolling to the side to
survey their bodies.

	"I guess I made quite a mess," Eric said, chuckling.

	"You did."

	Eric bent his head to Aaron's chest and lapped at the drying
semen.  He worked his way down to Aaron's belly and then
continued down into Aaron's pubic hair even though their wasn't
any semen there.  Before Aaron could ask him what he was doing,
Eric had taken the head of Aaron's erection in his mouth and
begun licking his way around this sensitive tip.

	"Uh!" Aaron gasped and twitched in response.

	Eric engulfed his erection and slowly slid his mouth up and
down the length.  He looked up once and saw Aaron watching him. 
He merely smiled around Aaron's erection and continued to suck
with a vengeance.  Aaron lay back and closed his eyes, allowing
the building pleasure to consume him.

	Soon the pressure began to build in his groin.  His orgasm came
so quickly that he didn't even have time to warn Eric like he'd
planned to.  He swore loudly as he came, shooting come in
several powerful shots.  Eric lapped it all up and then laid
down beside Aaron as he came down from the orgasm.

	"I haven't done that in years," Eric whispered.  "Not since I
did it with my brother."

	"It was great," Aaron said.

	"Would you be interested in doing the grind again sometime?" 

	"Which one?  The show or the sex?"

	Eric chuckled.  "The sex, of course."



			The End
