
	I have always loved the thought of two beautiful girls
wrestling each other. I have had the misfortune of seeing only
one such fight, about 10 years ago.  I cannot remember the
details of the fight, but it was probably this that turned me on
to catfights from then on.  Since I had not seen one in so long
(except the rare TV fight and the few films I have bought) I
have daydreams of the best looking girls I see fighting it out. 
Well, a few weeks ago, one of those daydreams turned into
reality with the girls fighting over none other than me! 



	I live in a very rural part of a medium-sized city; around here
family farms are the chief income provider.  It is normal for
the kids' chores to be to work in the field or with the animals,
from a young age (we're talking elementary school here) until
they either take the farm over from the parents or get a job in
town.  I had a job at a local hardware store, as did my
girlfriend, Deborah.  We have known each other practically since
birth, and have been together almost that long.  We went through
school side by side, and we currently attended college together
also.  Everyone said we were the perfect couple and I agree.  



	She has been a cheerleader since 6th grade (we're both 21 now),
and was certainly in shape.  She is beautiful with long blond
hair and a little lean, but muscular.  She has extraordinary
soft skin from head to toe.  Her upper body is quite muscular,
with definite peaks on her biceps and the triceps clearly
visible.  Also it was easy to make out the muscles running along
her forearms.  This is a result of genetics (her father is
huge), farm life and her working out every day.  However, it was
her legs that were my favorite.  They are my idea of perfect:
they were just medium-sized, but muscular (also a result of
farm-living and 11 years of cheerleading).  The legs are rather
skinny and "smooth" (non-muscular) if they were relaxed, but if
they were exerted, such as when walking or riding a bike, the
muscles popped out and made the legs much larger and cut.



	Although she is usually quite reserved and shy around
newcomers, she is very open around me.  We love to wrestle each
other, and my biggest objective is to keep out of reach of her
legs.  As long as I do that, I have a strength advantage and can
pin her maybe 3/4 of the time (I also work out regularly.)  But
she loves to use her legs since she knows they are her assets.
If she gets them around your waist, or worse yet your head, you
may as well give up right then and save yourself a hell of a lot
of pain, since you will not ever get out without her releasing. 
They are just unhumanly strong!  I swear it feels like  being
caught in a vise getting tighter and tighter.  And she's just
laughing away knowing she's in control of me!  I'm sure if she
didn't love me so much she could break my ribs easily.  If she's
got me in a head scissors, I tell you there's so much pressure
it feels like my skull will collapse and squash my brain any
second.  She loves to show off her body to me also.  Quite often
wearing a bikini bottom and tank top half-shirt even when it's
30 degrees outside, or panties and a T-shirt that goes to the
bottom of her butt so all her legs are showing (for some reason
that particular outfit really turns me on and she knows it.) 
Well, to make a long story short, we couldn't be any happier
with each other, her absolutely perfect for me and Deb saying
the same about me.



	Then Tina moved to town, right across the street from me.  She
was also 21 or 22, extremely attractive and in shape (like Deb
she's also a college cheerleader, and works out every day.)  I
must say I was attracted to her, at least physically.  Compared
to Deb, she was a tad more muscular, with Deb's muscle a little
"softer" and not as lean as Tina, but only by a very small
amount.  Other than Deb being a blond and Tina being a brunette,
they were physically alike much more than they were different
(in other words, they were more muscular than 99% of the girls
out there.)  Tina apparently took an immediate liking to me. 
This was probably because I try to be very friendly to any new
residents, and try to be the first to meet them, to make them
feel comfortable.  She probably took that the wrong way, and
from that moment on she latched on tight.  I really didn't like
her personality very much; she was too over-bearing and dominant
for me.  She was never this way to me, but I saw how she treated
other people and took an immediate dislike to her.  I made it
very clear to her I was taken by Deb and tried to be seen with
her (intimately) as much as I could. But she kept winking at me
and pinching my butt every time she walked by (she also got a
job at the store where Deb and I work.)  I know Deb noticed
this, but said nothing to me, since she was aware I was trying
my best to shake Tina (I made sure of that.)



	I could see some tension building between Tina and Deb, and you
better believe that fight ruled my daydreams for a while.  I
just couldn't tell who would win in such a fight.  Deb has
massively strong legs, but Tina's legs are a little more
muscular, as is her whole body.  Deb's very aggressive during
our bouts, but Tina seems like she would be the same, as
domineering as she is.  Unless I could see Tina actually fight,
I just didn't know.



	I think Tina was flirting at me just to make Deb mad, for some
reason (at first, Deb was as nice to Tina as I was) but maybe
Tina was jealous that someone in her neighborhood had a body
every bit as stunning as her own.  That's the only reason I
could think of, but it really didn't matter.  Tina was just a
bitch, and I started to avoid her when possible.  However, she
was determined to seduce me away from Deb.  One day she noticed
I glanced at her legs as I walked into the break room at work
(they really WERE nice looking, OK?!) as they were crossed, and
she immediately and correctly deduced I was turned on by her
legs and muscle (also, obviously she could see how much Deb was
built.)  From there she started her short skirt / short shorts
routine whenever she was out in her yard or even at work.  I
have to admit, she was attracting me physically, but her
attitude and character just kept driving me away.  And now Deb
was getting very jealous and mad at Tina, especially the time
when she caught Tina actually flashing her thigh at me through a
slit dress she wore to work one day.  It was a pretty childish
move, but it seemed to give me an instant hard-on anyway, so I
didn't complain.



	But Tina went completely too far one day.  My parents were out
of town, and Deb and I were just watching TV one weekend morning
at my house.  She had come over early that morning; she was
wearing VERY short shorts and a half-tank top.  We were going to
work out and lie in the sun by the lake that morning,  swim in
my pool and catch a basketball game that afternoon, and go to a
movie that night.  It was the first day we had off together in a
while, and we were going to spend it together.  Tina also had it
off, and I was praying we wouldn't see her.  I decided a few
days prior that even though she is attractive, I wasn't going to
risk a great friendship and lifelong girlfriend over her, and I
told Deb.  That seemed to satisfy Deb, and she believed me
wholeheartedly.  But what was about to happen I wouldn't believe.



	I heard a noise coming from my room and since my parents were
gone I though it was my dog.  I heard it again and Deb stared at
me looking scared.  I felt my heart jump as I thought someone
broke into the house.  I told her it was probably the dog, and
I'll go to check.  After all, who's dumb enough to break  into a
house at 9 o'clock Saturday morning?  I walked towards my
bedroom door since that's where the noise was coming from, and
right as I opened the door and walked in, there was Tina
standing right in front of my open window!  I asked her what the
hell she was doing there and she said she's gonna take me from
Deb once and for all and show me some "real loving from a real
woman."  She told me she found out I liked wrestling with Deb. 
I was a little embarrassed since that was a very private part of
our relationship, since sometimes Deb wrestled topless, or even
with both of us nude.  I'd never told anyone, and I'm positive
Deb wouldn't either.  God only knows how Tina found that out. 
Anyway, she said she liked wrestling also, and she was very good
at it.  I have to say she did look appealing!  She was dressed
ultra-short shorts (half her butt was hanging out) a half tank
top and that's it.  By coincidence that is exactly what Deb was
wearing at that moment also, same color and all.  Every other
time I had seen Tina her hair was up but this is the first time
I saw it down, and it was long, about halfway down her back (did
I say I think long hair is a turn on also?)  I suddenly thought
of what if Deb comes up and sees Tina in my bedroom?!?



	Immediately after that thought entered my head, Tina (who
apparently did not know Deb was there) grabbed me in a headlock,
and my only thought was to get out of this hold and get her out
of the house before Deb found out and accused me of seeing Tina!
 But before I could think anymore, I was on the ground with her
on top of me, getting me in a front bearhug.  It was here I
first felt her whole body weight on top of mine, and her skin
was so soft and smooth it was hard to believe she was a
bodybuilder (just like Deb), that is til she beared down with
the bearhug!  Deb only used that hold occasionally, but always
to get me in another hold; she never used it alone and squeezed
this hard.  I could feel the pressure of hers arms around me,
forcing my chest to compress.  Her head was beside mine and her
hair covered most of my face. After about 15 seconds she
suddenly let off  and rolled me over to my side and she got
behind me.  She got her legs around my waist and squeezed.  They
were just as strong as Debbie's!  I couldn't believe it!  Pain
was shooting through me, but I couldn't get Tina to let go!  Deb
obviously heard my cries of pain because I saw her shoot into
the room.  By the look in her face, she was incredulous.  Tina
was startled and immediately released the grip, surprised to see
Deb in the house.  Deb asked Tina what the hell she was doing
here, and Tina said it wasn't any of her business, it's between
me and her.  I climbed to my knees and told Tina she wasn't
invited and to leave.  I held sides which were still in much
pain from the scissors.  She said she wasn't going anywhere.  I
could see her and Deb glaring at each other and each other's
body.  You can image what went through my mind at that point!  I
demanded Tina leave us alone, and Tina just laughed.  Then my
dream came true, Deb pushed me aside and said she'll handle it! 
I walked between them to break it up, but this time Tina pushed
me aside.  I couldn't believe I actually tried to break it up,
and am so happy it didn't work.  Tina and Deb walked up together
and were literally pressing their tanned, muscular bodies
together; Tina told Deb she'll have her begging for mercy in 60
seconds.  Deb called her an egotistical over-bearing bitch, and
Tina stepped back and slapped the hell out of Deb!  Deb knelt
down and covered her face for a second or two and when she got
back up and uncovered her face, there was a red outline of
Tina's hand where she got slapped.  Deb slapped Tina back.  Tina
reeled back a second, then they went to it.  My heart was
pounding so hard I could hear it.  They were just rolling around
on the floor for the first few seconds, trying to get a handle
on the other.  They were also clawing at each other; I could see
now how much they really hated each other, as they were vicious.
 I'd never seen Deb wrestle that hard before, and she had to to
keep up with Tina.  Tina got the first real hold, the bearhug
she put on me.  Tina hooked her hands around Deb's chest (Deb
was on top of Tina) and Tina wrapped her legs around Deb's to
try to stabilize them.  I could hear Deb and Tina both moan in
pain, probably because their breasts were being ground into the
other's.  They rolled onto their sides, and it  was actually a
double bearhug, and their hair and legs and whole bodies were
becoming locked tighter together.  It looked like they were in a
test of strength, just to see what the other had.  Deb broke the
hold first after maybe 30 seconds of rolling around the room and
moaning in that position, and I noticed she had a frustrated
look on her face.  They stood up and circled each other and Deb
attacked first and managed to get behind Tina and apply a full
nelson and they tumbled to the floor with the hold still
applied.   Deb was trying to get her legs around Tina (which she
usually does with me in that position) but Tina was right; she
was good.  She kept blocking with her own legs.  The muscles in
both the girls' arms really stood out now as Deb was struggling
to get full pressure with the nelson and Tina reaching back to
grab hair, legs flailing to avoid the scissors.  After a bit of
struggling, they were back on their feet with the hold still
locked in.  Tina was finally able to grab a handful of hair and
flipped Deb over the top of her onto the floor, which stripped
Deb's top off.  Deb got up before Tina could recoup and get on
top of her, and in their next exchange Deb seemed to concentrate
all her energy into getting Tina's top off, as if humiliated to
be the only one topless.  She succeeded by brute force, tearing
it right off Tina, but managed to get herself into a killer body
scissors also.  I could see Deb was in severe pain, with Tina's
strong legs clamping down around her waist.  Deb was screaming,
and it was almost sickening to see her muscular body just
writhing in pain.  I looked at Tina and saw she was looking at
me.  She kissed at me and slowly ran her tongue around her lips!
 Her breasts were perky and very similar to Debbie's.  I could
then see that except for hair color, the two were so alike
physically it was scary.  After a couple minutes, Deb managed to
get free by clawing at Tina breasts and climbed on top of Tina
without releasing her hold on her breasts, and then really
clamped down on them.  Tina covered her face and cried in pain,
then started into Debbie's tits.  You could really see the pain
in both of their grimacing faces.  They broke the hold at the
same time after each must have taken an incredible amount to
punishment, and struggled on  for another position.  It was
obvious both knew the power of their legs since they were trying
to get them around the other at every opportunity through the
whole match.  Tina managed to get her legs around Deb's head and
I was afraid Deb might give up or be knocked out if it gets
locked on, but I saw Deb get her legs around Tina's head at the
same time.  I had never seen a move such as this before, and it
must have been a huge test of pain endurance, since both were
screaming in pain, each girls' legs almost totally enveloping
the others head, with just hair hanging out.  At this point the
fight was about 10 minutes old or so and the girls were drenched
in sweat.  They were obviously giving 110%.  With the head
between the legs, the leg muscles of both girls really stood out
now, and it looked liked both were trying with all their might
to crush the head of the other as you could make out the muscles
contracting, then loosening, then contracting over and over. 
With each contraction, the victim's body tensed up with the
pain.  I caught Deb's eyes through Tina's legs and the pain in
her just shot through my own body.  I gave her the thumbs up
sign, and a second later  I could see she beared down harder
than before, and Tina released her hold and cried out, grabbing
and clawing at Debbie's tensed legs to no avail.  I think Deb
would have won right there had Tina not dug her long nails into
Deb's butt, but she did and Deb released.  After resting a few
seconds after that hold that must have lasted 3 or 4 minutes,
they got themselves into another double bearhug, made all the
more arousing to me by this time being topless and covered in
sweat.  I could see Tina plainly getting the better of this one
by actually grinding her breasts, crotch and whole body into
Deb's while applying the bearhug.  Deb was able to get her hands
and arms between them and force Tina off and to the side onto
her back, and Deb climbed on.  Deb and Tina locked knuckles and
fingers in a forearm / hand test of strength, which it looked
like Tina would win easily, folding Deb's hands back.  Deb rose
up a couple inches, then came dropping back on Tina's stomach,
and Deb was able to get Tina's hands over her head on the floor
with fingers still interlocked.  Then Deb got her legs around
Tina's which were previously flailing around, and applied a
grapevine, which she locked in tighter and tighter.  Tina was
completely immobile, and Deb hung her hair right in Tina face
and asked Tina to give up.  Tina said nothing, just struggling
against the holds.  I could tell both girls were using
considerable effort due to the muscle contractions in the arms,
legs and sides, but Deb was able to hold Tina completely still. 
Deb put her weight on her chest as she pushed her breasts into
Tina's and Tina moaned.  After about 30 seconds of this, Deb
released Tina's hands and wrapped her arms around Tina's head
and pulled it between her breasts to completely humiliate her,
and it worked.  After only a few seconds, Tina cried out she's
had enough.  As soon as a smiling, sweaty Deb got off, Tina
grabbed her top, pulled it on, went out the window and left.



	Deb hugged me and I could tell she was exhausted.  We took a
shower and got ready for the day.  Strangely, we never saw again
saw Tina from the following day on.  Even her house was cleaned
out, and new (nicer) neighbors moved in a week or so afterwards.
 And I made a mental note to NEVER piss Debbie off.  Ever!


