Archive-name: Changes/grlhoo.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Rearing as a Girl


 When I was 9 years old my parents were killed in an
automobile accident. One of my Old Maid Aunts, Aunt Elvie,
took me in. She was my Father's favorite and mine also, so
there were no problems from the rest of the family about
this. Living with Aunt Elvie was great. She let me grow my
hair longer,(the fashion for boys in 1968) which my parents
would not allow. Aunt Elvie was a tall (5'10"), good looking
woman in her late forties and was a Registered Nurse working
for the local hospital. She had never married even though she
had had plenty of proposals. This had always puzzled the rest
of the family, but it was not unusual where I grew up as
women greatly outnumbered men.

 Aunt Elvie worked late often, so I usually had run of the
house after school. Usually I watched a lot of television or
read a lot. Being a shy, studious type, I didn't have any
friends, preferring to reading to roughhousing with other
boys. One afternoon as I was snooping around the house, I
decided to look around Aunt Elvie's bedroom. Looking at her
dirty clothing in the hamper, I was fascinated by her
underclothes. She wore silk panties and as I examined them it
hit me on how smooth they were compared to the cotton Jockey
shorts I wore. Wondering how they would feel on me, I took
off my jeans and underwear and pulled on her panties. Of
course they were ridiculously large on me, but I discovered
that if I gathered up the sides and pinned them together with
a couple of bobby pins, I would not have to hold them up.
Walking around, I loved the lusciously smoothness of her
panties on me. Why couldn't boy's underwear feel this good?
Nonetheless, after a few minutes, I guiltily took them off
and got dressed and went back to my books.

 For several days afterward I thought off and on about her
panties and how they felt to wear, but I felt too guilty
about wearing them again. They were for girls and I was a
BOY! But finally I gave into myself and put on another pair
for a while. For the next two months I would come home from
school, take off my jeans and underwear, pull on and pin a
pair of Aunt Elvie's dirty panties and then put my jeans back
on and piddle around the house, always taking them off after
an hour or so. Then I started wearing them longer and longer,
until one evening I quite forgot about having on her panties
until she walked in the front door. I must have been acting
sheepishly, because Aunt Elvie kept asking every once in a
while " Bob, what's wrong? Did something happen at schhol
today?" Mumbling that nothing had happened, I finally went
into my room and changed, hiding her panties between the
mattress and the boxsprings on my bed. It was several weeks
before I ever dared to wear her panties again!

 Figuring out that she had no idea what I was doing, I
started wearing them again. As the months passed, I even wore
a pair while she was home, always being careful to return
them to her clothes hamper the next afternoon. I really loved
the feelings I got wearing the silk next to my crotch. Then,
one day I tried on one of her slips. Getting bolder, I pulled
on one of her skirts and blouses and got into a pair of her
high heels. Parading around the house , I was a ridiculous
sight, but I loved it. By the time my tenth birthday rolled
around, I was dressing up in her clothes every time I could
(which was at least 3 times a week).

 Aunt Elvie had promised to take me out for pizza (my
favorite!) for my birthday, but that afternoon she called and
told me that her relief had sicked out and she had to stay
for 4 or 5 hours to help with a critical surgery that
evening. Apologizing profusely, she told me she would make it
up to me. Disappointed, I moped around for an hour or so.
Then, it hit me! I could dress up in her clothes agian and
stay in them for a long time! Rushing eagerly into her room,
I quickly got into them. Then I decided to put on some of her
lipstick. WOW, this was great! Walking around the house, I
spied a pack of her cigarettes laying on the kitchen counter.
Taking one out, I pretended to smoke it. The lipstick mark on
the white filter sure looked neat! Taking a match, I lit it
and started puffing on it, but not inhaling. Try as I might,
I couldn't blow put one of those long thick streams of smoke
like she could. I really felt like a sophisticated lady. Then
the roof fell in! I heard the front door open and Aunt Elvie
call out, " Bob! I'm home! Let's go get that pizza now. My
relief showed up."  Quickly, I stubbed out the cigarette and
began looking for a place to hide, but there was none. I was
standing in the kitchen with a sickly smile on my face as she
walked in.

 Stopping in her tracks, Aunt Elvie scrutinized me.
" Hmmmmmm" , she said. " Looks like you have a new game you
like to play." she said smilingly. " Come here. " Afraid I
was about to get the spanking of my life, I shuffled over to
her. Looking at me speculatively, she told me to get out of
her clothes right now and right here.

 Standing in front of her naked, she looked me over."You
might make a pretty little girl if you were done up right.
Stand here and don't move!" Leaving me standing there, she
disappeared for a few minutes and came back with a cloth tape
measure. She took several measurements of different places on
my body. "Now go get dressed and wipe that lipstick off." she
commanded. Nothing more was said about the incident the rest
of the night.

 The next day when I got home from school, I noticed that her
car was in the driveway. Going inside, I heard her call out
for me to come into her bedroom. Upon entering, I was told to
take off my clothes. After doing so, she started showing what
she had for me to wear. With her help, I put on a pair of
pink silk panties, a white silk slip, and a white ruffled
dress. Everything fit perfectly! Next she gave me a pair of
white shoes. Then all dressed up, she had me sit at her
makeup table. Taking my hair, she trimmed it here and there
(it was almost shoulder length) and put up in curlers. Then,
she started putting makeup on me- foundation, mascara, eye
shadow, blush and lipstick, explaining how to do it as she
was putting it on me. Then, she painted my fingernails and
toenails. Taking out the curlers and brushing my hair a
little, she pronounced me ready. " Ready for what?" I
wondered.

 "Now Bob.....hmmmmm, That won't do! Your name is now...let's
see....aaahh yes! Now Karen, Let's go get in the car. We have
to go get that pizza." Luckily, we went to a pizza parlor on
the other side of town, so we didn't see anyone we knew. on
the way home, Aunt Elvie told me that any time I wanted to
dress up like a girl, just do it, and don't worry about it.
Oferring me a cigarette, she told me that if I wanted to
smoke, don't hide it from her. I took it and lit it. Seeing
me puff on it, she coached me on the art of smoking like a
woman. By the time we got home, I could blow a cloud just
like her.

 By the time Halloween rolled around, I was really good at
dressing up. When Aunt Elvie asked me what costume I was
going to wear, I told her that I would be a girl. Smiling she
told me that she thought that would be my answer. That
afternoon, she took me down to the Beauty parlor she
patronized. In my girls clothing, no one could tell that I
was a boy. She told them to fix my hair, give me a facial and
fix me up for a special occasion. That night I got
compliments such as " What a pretty little girl" from every
house I went to Trick-or-Treating.

 As the months went by, I got more girl's clothing and spent
all the time at home dressed up as a girl. During this time
Aunt Elvie started giving me what she told me were vitamins,
but were really birth control pills. Then one day, she came
home with a hypodermic needle and gave a shot. I got one
every week. By May, I was starting to show breast growth.
When school let out for summer, Aunt Elvie told me to get
dressed and get ready to go out shopping. Going to a mall in
the next city, she bought me my first bra (the hormones were
really starting to work on me!). Next, we stopped at a
Jewelry store. Going in, a clerk asked if she could help us.
Aunt Elvie said, " Karen wants to get her ears pierced."

 The clerk told me to sit up in a high chair behind the
counter. Picking out a pair of gold ball studs, she proceeded
to pierce my ears. Picking out some earrings for me, Aunt
Elvie paid the clerk and we walked out the store. " Now Karen
you are going to be a little girl all summer", she told me.
When we got home, she took all of my boy's clothing and put
them in her car. " We'll give them to Goodwill in the
morning ",she said.

 By the end of the summer, I was filling out a A cup bra. I
told Aunt Elvie that I didn't want to be a boy any more, that
I was Karen, not Bob. Smiling, she said she understood and
that we would be moving next week.


      NEXT INSTALLMENT: Karen and Aunt Elvie move to
California!
 

