Archive-name: 3plus/guard.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Lifeguard


It was only June and already it was hotter than it had been all last summer.
School let out a week ago and all the rich  kids from the neighborhood were at
the country club pool,  goofing around and flirting and catching rays.   Though
I didn't live in the fancy neighborhood on the hill,  my swimming skills had
landed me the summer lifeguard's job  at the country club here.  It was OK
-- $7 an hour and all  the eats I wanted from the snack bar.   As I basked in
the sun and kept a lazy eye on the half-dozen or so swimmers, some activity
over near the locker room  caught my eye. I glanced over just in time to see
four of the  little neighborhood cuties go running into the ladies room,  which
is where the showers and lockers also were.  I  redirected my attention to the
pool, occasionally glancing at  the pretty, young housewives and their kiddies
-- and  occasionally at some of the older women, too.  I had a thing  for older
women ever since five summers earlier, when I was  15 and mowing neighbors'
lawns for some extra money.  I'll  never forget Mrs. Gray, the lady across the
street whose  husband was out of town on business a lot.   As I day dreamed
poolside behind my mirror sunglasses, I  sweated.  It felt good, knowing that
I could take a dip every  so often to cool off.  In fact, I did just that.
Some of the younger kids loved it when I went into the pool  -- I guess
seeing a lifeguard just swimming for the fun of it  was interesting to them.
I went back to my chair and sat down without toweling off,  instead just
letting the rivulets of cool water course down  my tan, slightly hairy chest.
Then I saw it again out of the  corner of my eye -- running on the pool deck,
definitely a no-no, and it was those same girls over by the locker room.   I
blew the whistle and told the five or six little kids in  the pool to get out
for a little while, a "rest period."  I  used this excuse every time I needed
a few minutes in private  to smoke a joint or something.  That way, with nobody
in the  pool, I could take an occasional break and not worry about  anyone
drowning.  It was funny -- even when I ordered just the  little kids out, the
adults got out too.  Such power.   I sauntered over toward the locker room, and
the girls had  seen me approaching.  There were four of them, all between 13
and 17 and not a dog in the bunch.  Two were blondes -- the  two oldest, Cindi
and Melissa.  I didn't know the other two  but had seen them around. One had
light brown hair and a  killer bod for a girl of about 16, and the other was
Lupe,  the ambassador's daughter from Mexico.  She was about 15 and  shy but
well on her way to being the most beautiful in the  bunch.   As I drew near,
they whispered and giggled and stole  sidelong glances at me.  I didn't take
it too seriously --  girls this age were horny but didn't know what to do with
it.   "Girls, I've asked you before not to run on the pool deck, " I said,
trying to sound casual enough so they wouldn't think  I was an asshole, but
still wanting to demonstrate my authority over them.  Lupe giggled.  "Sorry,"
she said, immediately turning to her friends and  giggling some more.  "Yeah,
cutie, we're sorry," Melissa said, taunting me by  putting her hands on her
hips and taking a challenging  stance.  Still, she was smiling. We stood there,
looking at  each other from behind our sunglasses, for a few seconds,  before I
decided to break the tension.   "OK, but whoever runs again gets punished," I
said, smiling  and turning away.  They all giggled and pretended to be  scared.
I ignored them and went to the chlorine room.  I  wanted a joint.  "Hi, Ron,"
said the attractive, 40ish woman behind the  designer sunglasses.  She wore
an expensive designer swimsuit  made more for sunning than swimming, and she
looked familiar.   It was Mrs. Andrews -- Lisa Andrews, the prettiest woman
at  the club.  I'd never seen her at the pool before.   "Hi, Mrs. Andrews.
Nice day to catch some sun, huh?"  I said,  trying to sound casual but secretly
flattered that she knew  me.  I checked her out from behind my mirror shades
-- like I  said, 40ish but with a gorgeous face, frosted blonde hair  with just
the slightest trace of dark roots, and a light tan.   Nice, lush figure --
probably 38D tits, but firm not floppy  like some women her age.  Suit showed
her cleavage to  excellent advantage.  She was tall -- about 5-8 -- and had
the  prettiest feet I'd ever seen.  I made no effort to hide the  fact that I
was checking her out from head to toe.  Especially  the toes.  Her small feet
were the same tan as her shapely but  substantial thighs, and delicate.  The
small nails were  painted hot pink, just like her long fingernails.  Because
she  never had any kids, her hips and belly and ass had kept their  shape.  She
could have passed for someone 10 years younger.   Suddenly I realized that she
was staring at my face as I  stared at her body.   "Something wrong?" she said
innocently.   "No, um, I was just thinking about something else, sorry," I
said, lamely trying to recover.  My mind raced with thoughts  of her.   "Well,
see you around, Ron," she said, smiling as she turned  and walked away.  She
had a slight sway in her hips as she  walked toward the club house bar. I
headed for the chlorine  room and that joint.  It was dark and cool as I
entered and  locked the door behind me.  I took the joint out of my  cigarette
pack, lit it, inhaled deeply and sat down.  After  holding it as long as I
could, I exhaled noisily and saw  stars.  Killer weed.  I took three or four
more hits,  carefully stubbed out the J and put it back in the cigarette  pack.
As I opened the door to head back to the pool, I  almost bumped into Melissa
and Lupe, who had been standing  right outside the louvered doors of the
chlorine room.  They  grinned broadly and Melissa sniffed the air noisily.
"Let's see, I think I smell something burning.  Smell it,  Lupe?" she asked.
Lupe giggled and they both watched me  squirm.  "Yes, Lupe, I think I smell
mara-wanna," she said,  lowering her voice but still smiling.   "Yeah, now I
smell it too," Lupe said in her slightly  accented English.  "It's for sure
maree-whanna."  Her accent  emphasized the last word. I blushed and stammered.
"Oh, I wass just having a cigarette," I said, trying to be  casual about it.
"No, I know I smell pot," Melissa said,  moving past me toward the open door
of the chlorine room to  confirm what she damn well knew.   "Ron, if you don't
do as we say, we'll tell what you were  doing," Melissa said, still smiling
slightly but her voice  serious now.  "Come with us, Ron," she said, taking
my hand  and leading me back into the chlorine room.  Once Melissa,  Lupe and
I were inside, Melissa locked the door behind us.   "Get us high, Ron," she
said, not smiling now.  Shit, if this  is all they wanted --  "And while Lupe
and I get high, we want you to stand over  there, and take off your shorts."
What the --  "Now!" Melissa said in a harsh tone.  "Strip, Ron, or I'll  yell
rape."  My mind raced, considering my options.  Deny the  whole thing, get
them high but don't strip, or do as they  said.  Seeing as I was not from
their neighborhood, I knew who  their parents would believe if it came down
to it.  I decided  to follow their lead.   "I will, if you will," I said,
handing Melissa the half  joint.  "Strip, that is," I added.   "You first,"
Melissa said as she lit the joint and took a  big hit.  She passed it to Lupe,
who seemed unsure about the  whole damn thing.  Lupe took a big hit, coughed
it out, then  took a smaller one and held it.  I walked to the corner and
untied the drawstring around the waistband of my bathing  suit. Melissa
watched me closely as she took another hit.   Lupe let out her hit and sat
down, staring at my chest and  crotch.   "Take off your suit, Ron," Melissa
said, calmer now but  still clear-minded about this little scenario. "Strip
or I'll  scream rape!" I slowly started to comply.  Melissa sat down  next to
Lupe and they finished the joint while watching me.   As I slid the shorts
down around my hips, both their eyes  stared hard at my chest and belly.  When
I got the suit just  low enough that the tops of my pubic hairs could be seen,
Lupe burst into a shy grin and giggled.  Her eyes never left  the bulge in my
crotch.  I stopped before going any further.   "You too," I said to them. "Fair
is fair."  Melissa leaned  over and whispered something to Lupe, who blushed
deeply.   Both giggled hysterically.  "OK, but you first," Melissa said.   Then
she stood and I checked her out more carefully.  About 17  or so, heavier
makeup than she needed but very expertly  applied, long, thick blonde hair
and a nice tan.  She wore a  pastel yellow bikini cut somewhat brazenly.  Nice,
pointy  titties -- 36C or so, I guessed.  Slightly dark circles  visible through
the light material of her bikini top drew my  attention.  I could see that her
nipples were hard.  She had a  deep, tight belly button (an innie) and just the
slightest  trace of blonde babyhairs growing in a thin trace from the  bottom of
her belly button down toward her crotch, but the  two or three inches above her
pussy was covered by her bikini  bottoms, so that was as far as I could see.
Now Lupe stood -- shorter, slightly thicker body, with very  dark skin that
looked almost as if she were a light-skinned  black girl.  Thick, kinky black
hair down just past her  shoulders, thick all over and wound in loose, natural
curls.   Big tits for a girl her age -- probably a 36 or 38D.  Her  white bikini
was of thicker material than Melissa's, but I  could still see faintly darker
circles where her nipples  were.  She had unusual nipples -- they must have had
very  large areolas, because it wasn't just the tips of her nipples  that stuck
out, but also the whole section around them, an  area about as big as the end
of my thumb.  I could tell, even  through the thick cloth, that they were
already hard, stiff  and swollen.  When she noticed me staring at her titties,
she  clasped her hands in front of her crotch, drawing her arms  together and
unconsciously pushing her boobs together and up,  deepening her cleavage and
showing off her chest to great  advantage.  I stared and my dick got a little
harder -- not  rock-hard yet, but swelling.   "Come on, Ron, take down your
shorts," Melissa said, still  giggling behind her sunglasses.  Her voice was
a little  huskier than it had been -- probably a combination of the pot  and
her horniness.   I still held the waistband of my shorts around my hips -- so
just the top half-inch or so of my dark-blond pubic hair  showed. I looked
down; I knew I looked good, tan and lean,  flat stomach, tan legs, the works.
I was glad for those trips  to the gym.   I looked back up at the girls' faces
as I inched my shorts  lower, a quarter-inch at a time.  Melissa had taken off
her  sunglasses and her eyes were peeled on my crotch.  Her lips  were slightly
parted and her breathing was heavy.  Lupe, the  younger one, noticed that
Melissa and I had both taken off  our shades, so she did too.  Her eyes were
also glued at the  growing bulge in my shorts.  I continued lowering them,
until  they were exposing everything above my dick, which I still  kept hidden.
Then I stopped.   "Your turn," I said to both.  Lupe grinned and looked at
Melissa, who looked me right in the eye without smiling.   "OK, Ron, now you
get a peak," Melissa said, reaching around  her back and untying her bikini
top.  She let the thin cloth  straps fall, leaving only the strap around her
neck.  The  thin material fell away at the sides, exposing almost all of  her
titties except the very center, where the nipples now  stood stiff and hard.
The contrast was lovely -- tan skin  offset by large, milky white titties. I
moved a step closer,  so we were now standing not three feet apart.  I looked
over at Lupe.   "OK, muchacha, your turn," I said, still holding my shorts
around my hips just a fraction of an inch above the top of  where my cockstem
grew out.  I wiggled my hips at the little  Mexican girl seductively to loosen
her up.  She quickly  grimaced, then reached around and untied her top the same
way Melissa had, letting the sides fall open but leaving the  top strap tied
around her neck, thus concealing her very  large and, by now very, very hard,
nipples.   "Sit down, girls," I said softly.  "Take off your tops."   Melissa,
sensing that she was about to see me completely  nude, immediately complied.
She tossed her top on the floor,  blushed deeply and folded her hands in her
lap.  She and I  both looked at Lupe.  The girl followed suit, so to speak,
tossing her top right by Melissa's and folding her hands into  her own lap.
My turn now.   I slid the suit down, down, down, to the point that my now- hard
dick sprang free.  I dropped the shorts and kicked them  off.  I now stood,
fully nude, about two feet in front of two  topless and very turned-on teen-age
girls.  Their eyes were  riveted to my swelling dick.  Their attention made it
tingle.   I turned around once, slowly, so they could check me out  completely.
Halfway through the turn, as I had my back to  them, Melissa reached up and
caressed my tight butt.   "Cute bottom!" she said to Lupe.  The 15-year-old took
the  cue and also grabbed my ass, giving it a slight squeeze and  then a gentle
rub.  "Yeah," she said, giggling.  "Nice and  tight!"   I finished the turn, and
stood facing them again.  Melissa's  eyes were still glued to my cock, and she
seemed totally  unaware of the fact that her nipples had grown and stiffened
even further, and now stood out about a half inch.  They came  to lovely
points, and her areolas were a medium pink.  The  nipples themselves were
bigger than a pencil eraser and a  darker pink, almost red.  And very, very
stiff.   Lupe reached up and stroked my inner thigh, then left her  hand there.
I noticed that her titties too seemed a little  pointier, though her huge,
conical nipples gave them very  pronounced tips.  Lupe left her hand on my
inner thigh.  I  looked at Melissa, who still had her hands folded in her lap,
as though she had forgotten about them.  Then I noticed a  very, very subtle
motion as she pressed her balled-up fists  against her crotch, pressing and
then relaxing them.  How cute  -- she was beginning to rub her pussy through
her bikini  bottoms, and wasn't aware that I knew!   "Ron, unless you play with
it for us I'll scream rape, " Melissa said, calmly but with a certain no-
nonsense tension  in her voice.   Lupe stared at her friend.  "Melissa!" she
said,  "That's not  very nice, you know!"   "Shut up, Lupe.  Ron, jerk yourself
off for us."  Though she  may have thought I'd be embarrassed, I wasn't.  In
fact, I  kind of liked the idea, being totally exposed and vulnerable in front
of these young girls.  "Gee, Melissa," I said,  feigning reluctance but
actually beginning to get off on the  total humiliation.  "I'd feel funny."
"Ron," she said, frowning at me with a certain note of  threat in her voice.
"OK, OK," I said.  "But you have to help me a little.  Let me  see some more.
Both of you."  The girls looked at each other,  Melissa looked back at me,
then she glanced at the door to  make sure it was locked.  "OK," she said.
"We'll do it."  She  stood and so did Lupe, though the younger girl didn't
seem so  keen on the idea.  "Let's get naked, Lupe," said Melissa,  still not
smiling.  Both girls stood.   Melissa's bikini bottoms were smaller than
Lupe's, and  higher-cut.  She grabbed the waistband around her hips and  slowly
pulled down, a little at a time.  As she started, I  could see the beginnings
of her lovely blonde pussy hairs,  all kinky-curly and golden.  As she pulled
the tops down  further, I got a better look.  The further down she pulled,  the
thicker and darker her pussy hair got.  Soon she had  wriggled free and kicked
the panties away.  Now she and I were  two feet apart, both totally nude, and
Lupe -- cute little  Mexican Lupe -- was not a foot away, pulling hers down
more  hurriedly.  She had a very faint line of dark brown hair  growing from
the inside-bottom of her belly button, straight  down to her lovely dark-brown
pussy bush.  Her pussy hair was  thicker and curlier than Melissa's, and much
darker.  Now the  three of us stood, buck naked, checking each other out
intimately.   Melissa seemed suddenly to grow even hornier.  She placed one
hand on her waist and the other on her pussy, giving it a  slight rub with her
index and middle fingers as she stood.   "Play with your cock now, Ron," she
said.  "Yeah," added  Lupe, smiling as she covered her big titties with her
hands.   Though she wanted us to think she was merely modest by  covering up, I
could see her slightly massaging each of her  boobs.   "OK," I said.  "Here's
how I do it."  I stood back another  foot or so, so I was a little more than
an arm's length away  from the girls, who stood side-by-side, facing me. I
took my  fat, pink cock in my left hand and squeezed gently a couple  times to
get the blood flowing again.  It felt so great,  playing with myself to the
obvious enjoyment of these girls.   I gripped a little harder and picked up
the speed, settling  into a regular motion.   Lupe now openly rubbed her tits,
now and then using her  thumb and index finger to pinch and pull her nipples.
I could  tell that although she was young, this little girl knew how  to get
herself off.   Melissa had taken her hand from her hip and was now using it  to
squeeze, rub and stroke her own left butt cheek.  Her right  hand was still on
her pussy, though she let a finger linger  there longer every so often.  She
had matched my speed and  rhythm, and now she began to slip her middle finger
into her  tight, wet little hole every so often and wiggle it back and  forth
at the same time.  A curious little motion that  obviously turned her on.  I
stared at her titties as they  jiggled slightly as she diddled her own pussy.
Her dark- pinkish nipples were extremely hard and pointed now, and  stuck
straight out.   I noticed Lupe -- she was still playing with her tits, but
she was also paying some attention to what Melissa was doing.   I think it
secretly turned her on to see the older blonde  girl jerk her own pussy, too.
I was really getting into it.  My toes curled tightly on the  cold cement
floor and I knew I wouldn't last much longer.   Suddenly there was a knock at
the door.   "Who is it?" I said, panicky and hoarse.  Melissa froze, but  kept
her hand on her wet blonde pussy.  Lupe ducked behind  some rolled-up hoses.
"It's me, Ron, Lisa Andrews.  I locked my keys in the car  and I need a coat-
hanger.  Carl at the office gave me a key  and said I could check in here."
Oh shit.  I bent down to grab my trunks but before I could  even stand, Mrs.
Andrews had unlocked the door to the  chlorine room and walked in.  There
stood Melissa and I,  totally nude, me hard and her obviously turned-on.  Lupe
stood  and tried vainly to cover her large boobies with one hand and  her large,
dark pussy bush with the other.  No dice -- Mrs. Andrews saw everything and
immediately raised her sunglasses,  perching them on top of her head.  She
quickly stepped in and  closed the door behind her.   I noticed that she locked
it.   "Well, what have we here?" she said, a sly smile on her  beautiful lips.
"A little teenage orgy, perhaps?"  Before  any of us could say anything, she
moved to me, standing less  than a foot in front of me.  Though my raging
hard-on had  begun to fade,  my cock was still quite thick and semi-erect.   It
pointed right at her.  She reached down and took it gently  in one hand,
looking me straight in the eye.   "Nice cock, Ron," she said, still smiling.
Though  completely embarrassed, vulnerable and thoroughly humiliated  to be
seen this way in front of three women (well, a girl, a  girl/woman and an
older woman), I hardened at her attention.   She tightened her grip and looked
down, knowing she was  making my 8-inch boner even harder, if that was
possible.   Still holding my dick (and occasionally squeezing it), she  turned
to Melissa.   "Nice figure, Melissa," she said.  "And, I must say, you have
lovely breasts."  She smiled and so did Melissa, though  Melissa was even more
embarrassed than I was.  "Let me see how  firm they are," Mrs. Anderson said,
using her free hand to  cop a quick feel of the 17-year-old's lovely titties.
Mrs  Anderson's hand lingered a moment, letting Melissa's rock- hard nipple
slide between her long fingers.  She eased up a  bit and took the nipple
between her painted, exquisitely long  fingernails and pinched ever so gently.
Melissa moaned and  squirmed a bit, almost like she had to pee.   Lupe looked
on, amazed/shocked/terrified and, judging by  the condition of her own nipples,
extremely turned-on.   "And who's the little girl?" Mrs Anderson said, letting
go  of my dick and reaching for Lupe.  But instead of feeling up  the girl's
boobs, Mrs Anderson placed the palm of her hand  firmly on the front of Lupe's
bush.  I looked down and  involuntarily took my dick into my own hand.  Mrs
Anderson's  middle finger slid quickly into Lupe's fur-covered slit, and  she
wiggled it gently there for a minute.  Then -- still  holding Melissa's titty
-- Mrs Anderson placed her middle  finger (the one that had just been in Lupe's
wet little  pussy) right into my mouth!   I was so surprised. I had never tasted
pussy, and this was  sweet.  It had a distinctive taste, slightly salty and
fragrant, and a very faint flavor of coconut.  Then I realized  that besides
tasting Lupe's pussy, I was also tasting Mrs  Anderson's finger -- the hand
with which she had applied  suntan lotion and perfume and makeup and did
who-knows-what- else.   As Mrs Anderson looked down to watch me barely stroking
my  dick, I decided what the hell.  She had gone this far, she  wasn't going to
bust us.   "Why don't you join us, Mrs Anderson?" I said, smiling  boldly but
still blushing.   "Don't mind if I do," she said, letting go of Melissa's  titty
(finally!) and quickly removing her own top.  Her  lovely, firm boobs swung
free.  Her nipples -- dark red, much  darker and fatter and about twice as
long as Melissa's half- inchers -- were already stiff.   I leaned over and took
one of her luscious tits in my hand.   She smiled, inhaled deeply and moved
closer to me.  I bent  down and took the lovely 40-year-old's nipple into my
mouth,  feeling it harden and stiffen even more as my tongue swirled  around it
and flicked it hard.  She pulled my head to her  chest with both hands.   "Hey,
no fair!" Melissa cried, jealous now and afraid she was  going to be upstaged
by a woman old enough to be her mother.   "She has to strip, too!"  With that,
nude Melissa stepped  behind Mrs Anderson and yanked down her bikink bottoms,
exposing her lovely dark-brown bush.  (Thus proving that  Mrs Anderson wasn't
a natural blonde, but a frosted one.)   I stepped right up to Mrs Anderson,
face-to-face and so  close our toes were touching, and kissed her deeply on
the  mouth.  She instantly responded, pushing her tongue into my  mouth and
breathing heavily through her nose.   I stroked one of her tits with one hand
and her pussy with  the other.  When she was soppy wet, I stuck two fingers
into  her pussy-hole and wiggled them slowly around, getting a good  feel for
her texture and depth and arousal.   She ground her hips against me.  Suddenly
I felt hands all  over my ass, my back, my chest.  Lupe and Melissa stood
behind  me, stroking every square inch of me they could get their  hands on. I
felt two wet, squirmy tongues, one on the back of  my neck and one on the back
of my right thigh.  I looked  around and saw the teenagers doing whatever they
could to  get into the act.  I broke free from their grasp and Mrs  Andrews and
stepped back.  Then I took command.   "Mrs. Andrews, you were the late comer,
so you're going to  have to catch up with the rest of us," I said.  "We all
had to  jerk off in front of each other," I said, motioning toward  Melissa and
Lupe.  "Now we're gonna watch while you play with  yourself a little bit." She
looked at the three of us and saw  that we weren't kidding.  It seemed she
quickly sized it up  that we were telling the truth -- and she knew how excited
she was.  She seemed to realize this was the only way she was  going to screw
the young stud lifeguard, and besides, these  girls were quite cute.   Without
a word, she stepped back from us and spread her legs  a little wider than
shoulder width.  Melissa, Lupe and I sat  down, me in the middle. I quickly
bent down and sucked one of  Lupe's nipples.  It was already hard, but grew
slightly in my  mouth.  She moaned and tried to press my head to her tit, but
I pulled back and leaned over the other way, taking a longer,  harder and
slightly more violent suck off Melissa's pointy,  rock-hard nipple. She moaned,
leaned back with both arms out  to support her, and tossed her head back.  Long
blonde hair  hung down her back, almost to the floor, as she totally  exposed
her young chest to my ministrations.  A minute or so  later, I straightened
back up and all three of us shifted our  horny gazes on Mrs. Andrews, the now-
nude 40-year-old who was  about to masturbate for three young kids.   She seemed
a little nervous, but the sheer sexuality of the  situation seemed to outweigh
her shortcomings.  She started  slowly, circling around her bush with one hand
and massaging  her titty with the other.  We three smiled and watched closely
as she picked up speed.  Her breathing came quicker, raspier,  and she
occasionally tossed her head in involuntary shudders.   Now she used two
hands -- one to rub and press the outside  of her pussy, right around her
clit, and the other to insert  two fingers into her hole.  She was soon finger-
fucking  herself for us, and began softly muttering to herself.   "Oh God yes,"
she said, barely above a whisper yet clearly  audible to Melissa, Lupe and me.
"Oh geez that feels good.   Oh ... Oh fuck!  OH GOD YES.  FUCK ME ... Yeah,
that's it, that's  the feeling I want."  She opened her eyes and suddenly
seemed  to remember she wasn't alone.  Lust outweighed any remaining
inhibitions, though, and she continued.  She occasionally  arched her back,
pushing her crotch straight out toward us  and standing on her tiptoes, as if
to give us a better view.   Now one hand started squeezing her nipples very
hard,  pulling and pinching and twisting them while the other  furiously worked
itself in and out of her fuckhole.   "Oh, God, I want to come," she said.  "I
fucking want it so  bad ... Oh yeah baby, that's it!  Oh it feels ... oh, oh
geez,  it feels so good!"  She looked me right in the eye.   "Ron, please fuck
me now!" she said in a hoarse voice, still  quickly diddling her wet pussy.
"I want a big fat dick inside  me now Ron.  Fuck me!"  I immediately stood
and walked toward  her.   "We're ALL going to fuck you, Mrs. Andrews," I said,
standing less than a foot from her.  I took my huge boner in  my hand and,
with very small, strutting steps, moved toward  her.  She sat down on a
rolled-up mat, then, realizing she was  about to get just what she wanted,
quick finger-fucking  herself just long enough to lay back and spread her
legs. I  kneeled in front of her, pumped my cock two or three times,  then
pressed the fat purple head against her furry, soaking  wet slit.  I moved
it in small circles around the outside of  her hole a few times, teasing her
and totally turning myself  on.  I looked back at Melissa and Lupe.   "Would
you rather watch or do you want to join in?" I asked  them.  They walked over
to us and stood there, looking at each  other for a second while each rubbed
her own titties.   "We'll watch first," Melissa said.   "Well, the least you
can do is help," I said, nodding toward  Mrs Andrews.  "Why don't you each
take a nipple?"  Without  further encouragement, the girls kneeled on each
side of the  reclining -- and moaning -- Mrs. Andrews and took a stiff,
swollen nipple in her mouth.  Like hungry kittens, they  lapped and sucked
and nipped and licked her hard nipples,  simultaneously massaging her titties
and their own.   I slowly slid a half-inch of my fat purple cockhead into  Mrs.
Andrews' fuckhole.  She moaned and ground her hips in the  air, trying to get
more of me inside her.  I kept control,  though, moving in an inch, then out a
half-inch, then in an  inch and a half, then out an inch, then in three inches
(she  gasped and swore at that one), then out an inch, then swiftly  in the
entire 8 inches.   Her tight, hairy pussy enveloped my cock and it felt great.
She was soaking wet and much tighter than I had expected.  In  the back of my
mind I realized that this was because she had  never had any children.   I sped
up, now enjoying it as much as she.  She had one hand  on each girl's head,
keeping them at her titties while I  fucked her hole.   I felt the tingle begin
in my toes; it caused them to curl  tightly.  It spread up my legs into my
crotch, and down from  my chest into my gut, at the same time. Soon every
muscle in  my body tingled.  I had that electric-belly feeling that I was
going to come any second.  I leaned down and kissed Mrs  Andrews deeply. As
I pulled back, we both stuck out our  tongues and they clashed in the half-inch
between our faces,  I licking hers and she mine.  I noticed Lupe watching, and
with a look, indicated I wanted to kiss her too.  She leaned  over and, in a
clumsy but erotic attempt to mimic the kiss  Mrs. Andrews and I had just had,
she parted her lips  slightly, pointed her cute little pink tongue and stuck
it  out to me.   I was sucking Lupe's tongue voraciously when I came inside  Mrs
Andrews.  Seven, eight, nine, ten ... I just kept  splurting hot cum into her
hairy, yielding pussy.  When I was  about halfway through coming, she started,
bucking her hips  and moaning in a loud, high, breathy voice.   We finished
together and I collapsed in her embrace.  Sweat  mixed with her coconut suntan
oil as my firm, hard, slightly  hairy belly rubbed against her smooth, soft
one.  Lupe was  smiling and had one hand on her pussy.  I think she had come
too.   Melissa gave one last hard suck on Mrs. Andrews' titty,  stood, and
faced us with her legs spread.   "My turn," she announced.

--
