Archive-name: Amazon/guile.txt
Archive-author: Jonathan Haas
Archive-title: Guile and Chun Li - The Untold Story


"So, do you come here often?" he asked, as he deftly thrust his fist through
the car's passenger window.

The dark-haired Chinese beauty blushed demurely before answering. "No, this
is my first trip to the States. I do like it here, though." She emphasized
her words by kicking off the car's left fender.

The man smiled and kicked what remained of the car's roof into smithereens.
"I'm glad you do. What's a nice girl like you doing in the Tournament?"

A shadow briefly passed over her face before she answered. "M. Bison killed
my father. I'm in this for revenge." Angrily, she reduced the driver side
door to shreds of metal.

"He killed your father? He killed my best friend. I'm going to destroy him
slowly and painfully when I get my hands on him," retorted the blonde-haired,
blue-eyed man, as a series of well-placed jabs brutalized the car's engine.

Chun Li softened as she realized that she shared a link with this strange,
powerful former G.I. "As will I, if I am the one destined to battle with him
in the final round." Without breaking stride in the conversation, she
revved up her patented Lightning Leg (tm), causing the car to shudder
violently and begin to disintegrate.

Guile smiled tentatively at her, and their hands briefly touched as together,
they finished their task of demolition, and the car collapsed into a heap
of worthless scrap.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Guile stared at himself in the mirror. "Snap out of it, man," he told himself.
"Remember Charlie."

The next day he was to face Chun Li in the tournament, at the Air Force base.
He had already polished off several opponents... that fat sumo guy, and that
weirdo from India... with about as much emotion as he would have felt swatting
a fly. But Chun Li was somehow... different. She had moved him, more than he
cared to admit, during their conversation while destroying the car. He
didn't feel like beating her up. He felt like holding her, comforting her,
maybe taking her to a movie or destroying Bison with her.

Sighing and telling himself that it would all be over in the morning, Guile
whipped out his comb and fixed his hair before turning in.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Chun Li was confused.

She was in her early twenties. Her whole life had been studying, practicing
the martial arts and becoming a master, preparing to make Bison and his
Shadoloo drug ring pay for what they did for her father. But none of her
studies had prepared her for the strange feelings she was now experiencing.

Guile... he looked so big and strong. So powerful. When he told her that
he would destroy Bison if given the chance, she believed him. But there
was much more to it than that.

She found herself daydreaming about what he looked like under his spotless
G.I. uniform. She wondered what it would be like to be held in his
poweful, manly arms. She closed her eyes and slowly moved her hands over
herself, pretending they were Guile's. 

"Oh, yes, Guile, yes," she softly moaned as her hand stole inside her panties,
gently caressing the wetness it found there. "Oh, yeah, right there... oh!
Oh, Guile! Ya tai! Ya tai!" The speed of her hand rose to a feverish pitch,
and she tensed all over. She screamed as she experienced a mammoth climax,
then slowly relaxed and fell asleep, her hand still touching her dripping
sex, her mind filled with dreams of Guile.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

The next day, they faced each other in the ultimate test of honor. Guile's
hair was combed to a razor-sharp edge. Chun Li's fabulous legs were resplendent
in their traditional brown tights. The crowd at the Air Force base cheered
them on. The announcer said, "Fight!" After pausing a split-second, they
leaped for each other.

It was Guile who struck first. He caught Chun Li in midair with a jab, allowing
his hand to linger on her soft flesh perhaps a few seconds longer than
necessary. Chun Li responded with a forward kick, her slippered foot sliding
smoothly up his leg to his thigh before connecting. Guile grabbed her,
and threw her unceremoniously to the concrete of the base's ground. Chun Li
gasped. Was the way his arm had wrapped itself uncannily around her breasts
a pure coincidence? Memories of her orgasmic dream of last night came wafting
back to her.

Guile was overwhelmed as Chun Li came back with a shoulder throw. He *knew*
she pressed her chest up against him as she did it deliberately, he *knew*
it! The two adversaries gazed at each other with new understanding.

As they leaped toward each other again, Guile grabbed Chun Li, wrapping
his powerful arms around her, as he tenderly, almost lovingly, snapped
her back across his knee. Chun Li gasped with pain and pleasure, and looked
up at Guile, a pleading look in her eyes. "Enough foreplay... take me, take
me now!" she whispered to him. Guile grinned at her, and began to undo the
fly of his uniform.

Chun Li was soon to learn that his arms and his legs weren't the *only* parts
of Guile's anatomy that he was able to whip around at faster than the speed
of sound.

After ripping out the crotch of Chun Li's sexy battle uniform, Guile parted
her sweet, creamy thighs, and entered her with one smooth motion, making her
scream in ecstasy. This was the treatment she had been waiting for... the
treatment she had been wanting all these years. She was slightly put off
by the way he chanted "Sonic boom! Sonic boom!" with every thrust, but this
was more than made up for by the manly skill he exhibited. It wasn't long
before they were both shuddering in a massive, draining simultaneous climax.
Exhausted, they collapsed in each other's arms, as the announcer signalled
a double K.O.

                           THE END

(if you liked this story, watch for Blanka and Dhalsim: The Untold Story)
--
