
                                     GUILT

                           By DATS HER and DATS HIM
                            at NIXPIX 303/920-1263


    My wife and I had been married for 19 months when our first encounter of
the worst kind happened.  Before the incident, we were the typical newlyweds
who made love in such places that are always the most available but not the
most comfortable. Like other couples we knew, our thirst for spontaneous sex
was never quenched.  I should explain that both of us were raised catholic,
especially her.  Being half Irish and German, with 7 brothers and 4 sisters,
she was still a nice girl when we married.  Why other guys passed her up, I'll
never know.  She is 5' 7" in bare feet, still weighs only 125 lbs., and now
has a 36-25-35 figure.
    I said she was a nice girl when we met, not a virgin.  She might as well
been one though.  Her only experience was one she refused to talk about until
our incident occurred.
    We had jobs in the Loop (downtown) in Chicago but lived in the suburbs.
Parking downtown was a hassle, so we always parked at 95th & Dan Ryan and rode
the train in from there.  This is not the best neighborhood, but is all right
if you're not around after the sun sets.
    I like my wife to dress sharply, it just turns out that she also looks
very sexy when she does.  She usually got her fair share of stares and
whistles from guys on the train to an from work.  It was early in October,
while on the train to our car, when I mentioned that we should be driving to
downtown since it was getting dark earlier, and I didn't want to be in the
area we normally parked.  She only looked at me and smiled.
    We got off at our train stop and walked the 3 blocks to our car.  Neither
of us had coats on, they were at the cleaners.  We were about ten feet from
the car when she let go of my arm to get in her side.  I trotted the rest of
the way to open her door so she wouldn't freeze.  After I was in, I leaned
over, unlocked her side and started the engine.
    She was still outside, close to the door, while the inside of the car was
warming up.  I wondered what was keeping her and decided she had to be
applying her makeup since I couldn't see her arms or hands through the window.
After a few moments, I leaned over, opened her door, and told her to hurry up
and get in so we could leave.
    Things happened unexpectedly then.  I didn't have time enough to react,
let alone think.  Somebody yelled, "Get in back with him.", jumped in the
front seat next to me, and shoved a gun in my face.  "I got this mother fucker
and he's gonna give me anythin I want.  Ain't that right?"  I nodded my head
yes.  He knew I wasn't about to try anything stupid with my wife in the back
seat with somebody else.
    They told me to drive slowly and straight ahead.  How far we went, I don't
remember, but one of them told me to turn right at the next corner, then left,
then right again.  The street had a lot of abandoned houses.  They said to
park the car in front of an empty trailer up ahead.  When I parked, we just
sat there.  The guy next to me said to roll down my window and give him our
wallets, very carefully.  As I reached for my wallet, the guy in back jumped
out of the car.  My wife screamed, and I froze.  The guy who got out put his
gun against the back of my head.  The other guy got out of the car then,
opened the back door and pulled my wife out.
   "Now get out on this side, in front of me."  I did what I was told and the
guy behind me locked the car up.  We were being forced down a narrow passage
between two old rundown houses when all of a sudden a third guy came out from
a doorway and shoved me through it.
    I was told to strip and didn't argue, they still had my wife.  Two of them
rolled out an old office chair and ordered me to sit.  They tied my wrists,
forearms, chest, and feet to the chair with clothesline.  The lights were
turned on then and my wife was pushed to stand next to me.  They went through
her purse and my wallet.  My wife could have died when they came across her
Ben-Waw-Balls.  They came over to stand in front of us.
    The tallest guy, probably the leader, said, "The guy on my right is Tom,
I'm Dick, he's Harry.  We been watchin you for the last month and planned
this. You can, and will, scream slut, but it'll do no good.  Nobody comes in
this area but us.  We own this place, not cause we bought it, cause we took
it.  Just like we're gonna take and fuck your white cunt.  And you're gonna
watch your wife beg for our cocks."
    Harry left and came back with a large blue gym bag.  Dick ordered my wife
to face me and strip.  The pleading look in her eyes is something I never want
to see again in my life and I saw a lot that night.  My wife was being
humiliated and about to be gang raped by 3 guys, and I couldn't help her.  I
tried to break free but fell over. I cracked my head on the floor of the
basement we were in.  Dick and Harry calmly put my chair upright to face my
wife again and moved back behind her.  I thought she was in shock, she hadn't
moved an inch, and the look in her eyes changed. I started to turn my head
away, not being able to bear it any more.  She then spoke softly to me. All
she said was, "Please don't let them do this to me again."
    "AGAIN"  The word jolted my brain back to her first and only sexual
experience before our wedding, the one she never talked about.  I didn't care
what those guys did to me any longer and started going insane, but I could
only sit there trying to break loose.
    Dick told her they had all the time in the world, but the longer they
waited, the more she would regret it.  She couldn't face me any more and
turned toward Dick and Harry.
    "All right, I'll do whatever you want, but you have to promise to let us
go when you're done!", she said as she turned toward them.
    "Who the fuck told you to turn round cunt?  You're ours now.  You better
learn what you're here for.  Get naked slut, and I mean now!"
    She trembled as she started to take off her brown satin blouse.
    "Just what I like Tom, a cunt that can't wait to get fucked." said Dick.
Harry told her to throw him the blouse.  It surprised me that he put it on a
hanger. Tom told her to wait while he set up.  She was horrified.  He said he
was going to record everything on video.  She stood there silently in her
white lace bra, and the rest of her clothes.  Tom was set, and he gave the
orders now.
    "Put a hand under each tit and look into the lens.  No, no, don't push em
up, just put your hands under the fucking things.  Ok, now loose the skirt!"
    She was going to take her heels off, out of habit, when Tom told her to
leave them on for now.  She slid the pure silk tan skirt down and stepped out
of it.  Thank God she thought to wear a slip today.  Tom took more video
before telling her to get rid of the bra next.  Most women would balk at this,
but she must have rationalized they could see though her thin lace bra anyway.
    "Hey pretty lady, where did you buy those tits?" Harry asked.  "We never
had one as firm as you on top.  Well, if those are real, guess what I'm going
to do to you first."
    We knew now she was not their first rape victim.  Tom took several minutes
of film of her exposed breasts and nipples while he told her how to massage
and play with them.  It was getting warmer because of the lamps Tom had set
up, and this effect caused her whole body to shiver and her breasts to
slightly wiggle.  Tom next gave her the order to take off the slip.
    "Would you look at that!", Tom gasped.  "Holy Shit!", was all Harry could
mutter. Dick stood silently, but a small snicker crossed his lips as they all
stared in disbelief.  My wife stood motionless as the humiliation overwhelmed
her.
    Two nights ago, we were playing in the shower and I got a bright idea.
Since she always kept her mound neatly trimmed, and it was growing again, I
volunteered to shave her this time.  She accepted my offer and spread her
feet.  I took my time, careful not to cut her, and formed a pattern with her
pubic hair.  Two letters.  "4 U"  I proudly stepped back and said I was done.
She laughed so hard then, but not now.
    "You white cunts break me up.  You walk round lookin sexy, flirtin with
everyone, but when a guy does come on to you, you ignore him.  Not tonight
slut!  You're a whore, and you know it.  Don't you?  Answer me cunt!  Tell me
you're a cock-sucker and that you'll fuck when I say so!", Dick shouted at her.
    She dropped her head and softly confessed, "I like to make love."
    Dick stepped closer to her now and said, "It don't matter to me if you
like to fuck or not!  You will!  And suck cock when I order you to.  You're
gonna learn somethin about yourself tonight.  Somethin I already know, and you
refuse to admit. Tom, you set?"
    "I got more film and recorders out back.  I better get it.  This is going
to be the best we've ever had!"
    Dick stared at my wife's pussy and asked, "Did he do that, or you?  Cunt,
you better answer fast when I ask questions.  One last time.  Did he do that
or you?"
    "My husband did.", she said.
    "You wanna tell him, or you want us to prove it?  Don't look at me like
you don't know what I'm talkin about cunt!  No answer?"
    "What do you mean?", she asked.
    "You are cunt!  Never mind, he'll find out the hard way.", Dick said.
    "Dick, I got eight cassettes and four recorders.  Think we need more?"
    "How should I know.  You're the mother fuckin pro.  I only shoot cum.  Any
way, change the lights.  I want hubby there to see real good what sort of slut
he married."
    "Keep her like that, I want to get her on film before we move on to the
next stage."
    "You heard him cunt.  Don't move.  Hey hubby, you'll thank us when we're
through. Ok, breaks over everybody, back to work."
    Tom moved the lamps and I could now see.  She stood less than three feet
away. These bastards were making her stand there in just her white lace garter
belt, sheer nylons, and the new four inch high heels I bought her yesterday. I
knew she didn't have panties on today because we had a nooner during our lunch
break.
    "Ok slit, follow my directions.  If you don't understand, ask me.  Got
that?"
    I couldn't believe my ears when she distinctly said, "OK".  Sure it was
lower than her normally soft voice, but she did tell Tom "OK".
    "Place your hands on the side of your hips, elbows out, and spread those
legs wide.  Great!   Hold it there!"
    "You sure you got it right?  You fuck up and I'll turn your sister out."
    "Come on Dick.  I got it, no sweat.  Her pussy will show up, even the
juices on her pussy now."
    "So, you're gettin all heated up for me.  Tell you what, I'll be good this
once, give you your toys to play with.  Turn round and prove to hubby the kind
of slut you are."
    My wife did as she was told with only a weak reluctance, and faced me.
    "Bend backward and open your mouth slut.  I want you to suck these balls
in your mouth.  You better not bite."
    Tom was shooting everything Dick made my wife do, close-up!  Dick towered
over her as he put only one of the Ben Wah Balls between two fingers.  He was
doing his best to disgrace her.  She contorted her body like some exercise,
legs spread out, hands on her hips, and her head was bent back to waist level.
They made sure I could see as Dick put his fat fingers up to the second
knuckle in her open mouth and held them there.  I could see my wife enclose
her lips over his fingers.  Between her breasts, I saw her neck muscles
working, she was sucking to get the small metal ball away from his fingers.
    "Told you!  I knew this cunt would suck and fuck when I told her to.  With
a body like this, ain't no pussy gonna let it go unused.  Nod your head slut
and tell them I'm right.  Don't you dare swallow that ball!  Open up so I can
see it.  One more to go bitch!  Not bad.  You look like you got experience at
suckin.  Now for the next trick!  Harry, stand her up straight.  Hubby, watch
this slut stuff her cunt with the toys in her mouth.  Like I did, one at a
time.  Harry, spread her pussy open."
    They were just a few feet from me as I watched Harry reach under her with
one hand and spread her pussy lips open.  She took a metal ball from her mouth
and quickly pushed it inside of her obviously wet opening.  Dick told her time
for the other one.  She did this as fast as the first and put her hands back
on her hips without being told to.
    Harry then got the blue bag and brought it over.  My wife stood there,
eyes closed, trying not to move.  Dick and Harry each took shackles with long
chains from the bag.  They bound her wrists, looped the chains through big
eyebolts drilled into a ceiling beam, and attached each end to a special
wench.  Harry hoisted my wife up. Her arms stretched high over her head and
feet together barely touching the floor.
    "Usually we strip all our whores naked, but I like your outfit.  Draws
attention where you want it most anyway.  You know that, don't you cunt?"
    She shook her head no.
    "Still playin games?  Harry, start playin shake with the whore!"
    Dick knelt next to me and said, "Watch this slut, those toys will fall out
from the cum she's gonna have.  No cock is gonna touch her either.  See how
her face is gettin red and she's breathin faster.  Fuck if she ain't the
hungriest cunt you ever laid eyes on.  I'm tellin you, she was born for fuckin
and suckin.  Hear the slut moan now?  She wants it and wants it bad."
    My wife hung before me, being tormented by Dick's words and shook by
Harry's hands on her hips.  I couldn't and didn't want to believe she had a
climax from only this, but she did.  When she came, the metal balls flew out
of her vagina.  Not dropped.  Flew!  They were forced out and were bouncing
near her high heels. She was shaking all over and mumbled something.
    "What was that you said cunt?  Louder!  I can't hear you.", Dick again.
    "Please make love to me.", she said plainly.
    "I don't know.  You have to be more honest.  Try again!  Tell us what you
really want."
    "I want to FUCK!  There I said it."
    "You have to be more polite to us than that."
    "Please fuck me."
    Dick and Harry sandwiched her between them and Tom still had the video
going. The two of them were slowly grinding her back and front against their
crotches.  Dick then changed his tone of voice but spoke loud enough for me to
hear.
    "You need somethin in your cunt don't you?  You want my cock.  Ain't that
right?"
    "Yes", was all she said.
    "You'll fuck when I tell you to fuck.  Right?"
    "Yes", she said again.
    "You'll suck cock when I tell you to suck cock.  Right?"
    "Yes"
    "You love the taste of cum.  Right?"
    "Yes"
    "You want to cum again don't you?"
    "Yes"
    "You want us to cum inside you?"
    "Yes"
    "You want to drink our cum?"
    "Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes!!!
    Harry and Tom left unceremoniously, leaving me to watch Dick tongue fuck
my wife's mouth.  He wrapped his arms around her small waist and lifted.  He
held her as she willingly accepted his tongue.  Her legs hooked in back of
his, trying to bring him closer.  My wife was offering herself to him.  I was
astonished, angry, and hurt all at once.  How could she be doing this?
    Dick lifted her higher up his body.  Her legs surrounded his waist, just
above the belt line.  I saw her come down hard on his lips as she pushed her
tongue into his mouth this time.  Her hands raked through his hair as she
drove all of her tongue in his mouth.  Dick looked at me and winked, then
turned.  I saw that she was dry humping his stomach, her juices soaking the
front of his shirt.
    Tom came back and set up tripods.  Harry called for Tom to give him a
hand, and they dragged a low coffee table about two feet in front of me.  My
heart sank when I saw the mattress on it.
    "They're ready for us.", Dick said and stepped away.
    "Please!  I need to be fucked.  I'll do anything you want.  Please
somebody fuck me.  I don't care, JUST FUCK ME!"
    They quickly got her down from the shackles and positioned her on the
mattress in front of me.  As the three men were stripping, she talked to me.
    "Darling, please don't feel hurt or resentful.  It's not their fault. He's
right.  This happened to me once before and I've lived in fear since.  I love
you and never want to leave you.  I couldn't stand it if you stopped loving
me.  But, how can I tell you about something even I don't understand. Please
honey, I need your help. I need you to watch and understand.  I love only you.
 Don't stop loving me or leave me, please try to understand!"
    Dick interrupted, "Hey!  Listen and watch.  She's a cunt, a slut, a whore,
a cocksucker.  I know boy.  I saw it in her even if you didn't.  Some women
are born whores, but don't want to admit it.  She's admitted it."
    Tom interrupted, "Forget it man.  He'll wise up.  Let's go, videos are in
place, and my cock wants to say hello to that pussy and mouth!"
    They were each stoking cocks as Dick took over.
    "You heard the man.  If you wanna fuck us, here's the rules;
    1.  You tells us everythin you want.
    2.  You talk like the street cocksuckin whore you are.
    3.  Don't use the word 'L O V E'.  Hubby can have all that shit. You're
gonna fuck and suck as many times as we want, no arguments.  Got all that?
Start the cameras!  Let me know when they're rollin."
    Tom raced to all four videos as everybody waited.  My own anxiety was
thick enough to cut.  Would she, could she, go through with this?  What will I
think of her when this is finished?  God forbid, will I get excited at what
was going to happen to my beautiful wife, right in front of me?
    Tom started the first video.  It was set even with my shoulder about two
feet off to my left.  This would get pictures of her face and most of her firm
tits, NO BREAST!
    Shit!  They got ME following their fucking rules!  I'm only a spectator!
Stop it damn you!  Wipe your mind clear asshole!  Your dad always told you to
observe, consider what you saw, and only then, calmly respond to the
circumstances.  Fuck! Where are you now, and what do I do about this
situation?  Wherever you are, please help me through this.  Then it hit me! My
wife just asked the same thing from me only moments ago.  She asked for my
help and understanding.  I made up my mind then that the most important thing
was to be able to help my wife when she needed me.
    Tom finished with the last video camera, up above the table, the other one
was off to the right, focused at my wife's still wet pussy.  The fourth was
also on the right, but set so it would get full length body shots of what was
starting to happen on the coffee table.
    "Tell us your name.", Dick said.
    She freely gave them her real name!
    "We will call you slut, cunt, whore, cocksucker, and bitch."
    "Whatever you want to call me is fine."
    "Are you now being held against you will?"
    "Not at all"
    "Has any one of us hurt you?"
    "Not unless you regard teasing me with those black cocks."
    "That was not the question!"
    "No, no one has hurt me."
    "Tell us, in you own words, what you want us to do."
    A ll of them became silent and studied my wife's face.
    "I want to suck and fuck each of you.  One at a time.  Two at a time.  All
of you at once.  I want your cum in my cunt, in my mouth, down my throat, on
my tits, in my ass, and especially on my face.  That should be good enough for
now."
    "Holy Fuck you whore!  There's only three of us."  Tom pointed out.
    "Then I hope you have other cocks for me because I'm not holding back
anything tonight!  I know who I am, and what I am at the moment.  I want, no
strike that, I am desperately hungry for pure hot fucking.  I'll beg you on my
knees if you want me to.
    "Calm down pretty slut, you'll get plenty of what you want from right
here.", said Harry trying to soothe her.
    "Good Harry, why don't you commence by sucking on these tits.  Tom, you
can lick my cunt so I can have it prepared for a cock.  Dick, come up here and
tongue fuck my mouth like you did earlier.
    I sat in awe at what my wife said, and what was in front of my very eyes.
Tom had her legs resting on his shoulders as he stuck out the longest tongue I
ever saw. He slowly lapped from her asshole to her pussy.  He was running his
hands up and down over her tan stocking legs to the ankle straps of her high
heels.  The contrast of his black skin on her was a turn on, but nothing
compared to seeing his head buried between her creamy white thighs above her
nylon tops.  I heard a groan and looked to her upper body.  Harry had one of
her nipples between his teeth and was pulling it up.  The sound she made was
from desire, not pain.  Her breast extended and finally popped from his mouth.
Tom's eyes grew wide when he saw only a small tremble of the tit he just lost.
She was so full of excitement that they stood upright, and she was flat on her
back!  What she and Dick were doing would have blown my socks off, if I had
any on.
    My wife was sucking on Dick's tongue as though it were a cock.  One of her
arms was around his neck trying to pull his head closer to her mouth.  His
tongue wasn't longer than Harry's, but it was easily three times thicker.  She
persisted to get all of Dick's tongue in her mouth as she groaned and moaned.
Her ass was gyrating off the mattress now as she could feel Tom's tongue
between her legs.  Lips, tongues and hands were slithering across all of her
body.
    When she did cum, they had no hope of keeping my wife still.  Her long
legs locked around Tom's head, her stomach muscles visibly tightened, and she
threw her ass in the air.  She had seized one Harry's hands and squeezed it
hard around her tit.  Meanwhile, her head came upright to suck hungrily on
Dick's tongue and their lips wildly crushed against each other.  She was
almost in a fetal position and kept the men locked in place by her arms,
hands, and legs as she shuddered, trembled, and shook over and over.
    My wife finally released Harry's hands, and gradually lowered herself to
the mattress.  I saw that she had indeed gotten all of Dick's tongue in her
mouth.  He was three inches above her face when he pulled up and his tongue
popped wetly from her lips.  She grasped for air now and her chest rose and
fell quickly, but her tits simply wiggled.  She was purring like a cat and it
seemed as though she wouldn't stop cumming.  Tom was trying to unlock himself
from her legs by pulling them from the inside.
    Dick caught me shaking my head no, and then asked, "No what?"
    Without even thinking, I said, "Never do that to her.  Her inside thighs
from her pussy to her knees gets to her every time."
    I started to hang my head in shame when I realized I talked openly about
one of our more intimate secrets.
    "Thanks hubby.  You might make it after all.", Dick said in a patronizing
manner.
    "Fuck you, you bastard.  All you want is to rape my wife and make me watch
you do it.  You don't care if I make or not, so don't play games with me you
motherfucker!"
    Dick surprised me by not coming after me.  Instead, he walked to my wife's
legs and pulled them apart as though it took no effort.
    Tom's mouth and nose were drenched and glistening from my wife's juices.
    "This one should be in record books.  Man she can use those pussy
muscles.", Tom said.
    "Ok Tom or Harry, which of you wants to fuck my hot ready cunt first?"
    "Wait a second!  We're the ones using you!"  Dick told her.
    "You told me to ask for whatever I required and in whorish way.  Play back
one of those tapes if you think I'm wrong!  I'm not though, and this cunt of
mine is dying to have a cock pushed in it!  So who's it going to be?"
    Everyone's eyes gazed at me.  She sometimes lost control during our fuck
sessions, but she always regained it quick enough.  Not now though.  And to
top it all, she had turned the tables back on them and they knew it.  She was
almost naked and no contest for any of them, yet she was taking command away
from them.
    "Honey I am truly sorry for putting you through this.  But, you were going
to find out eventually that I love to fuck almost as much as I love you. Their
cocks are positively enormous, but don't take that the wrong way.  You excite
feelings in me that all the cocks in the world couldn't.  Try and understand
that I sometimes have other feelings and urges you don't fill.  I don't love
you any less because of that.  I love the things we do together.  I know
you're not a whimp.  Please understand that in my present frame of mind I
don't want any type of warmth or tenderness.  I only want to fuck.  No strings
attached, not hurt feelings, no guilt, no shame.  Right now I want those cocks
to cum and don't care what I do.  Look, you put it there, "4" "U", and I'm
happy you did.  These dicks are beautiful, but very temporary.  I will always
be yours'."
   I listened and partially understood.  She was horny.  Certainly not your
average horny.  She could have protested a long time ago, but didn't.  She
could have tried to fight, but didn't.  She either resigned herself to fact
she was going to be raped and accepted it, or she does get this horny
sometimes.  Like a nymphomaniac.  No, not my wife!  Other women are nymphos. I
never knew any, but everyone says there out there.  Isn't that a real sickness
you can treat?  Go to a doctor.  What do you say? "Doc I like to fuck too
much, what can you do about it?"  Shit, I get so horny sometimes even
strawberry jello gives me a hard-on, why not my wife?
    "Well, who's cock fucks me first?  Let's make it fair.  The smallest is
first, next largest is second, and biggest for last.  That way my pussy
becomes wonderfully stretched each time, and you fit snugly inside of me.  Let
me see at what you have. Sorry Harry, you're first.  Then, well I think it's
Tom.  He's a litter longer than you Dick, but not nearly as huge in
circumference.  Mind telling me how big guys?"
    Tom, "13 inches long and 5 inches around."
    Harry, "9 inches long and 4 inches around.  And it ain't small!"
    Dick, "12 long and 8 thick that's gonna fuck you and make you beg for
more!"
    "Over here Harry, don't worry about your dimensions.  There's no such
thing as defective cock.  One guy took me and he was only three inches long,
but boy did he make me cum!  You want me to take off the stockings and heels?"
    "No! I think they look great on you!", Tom said
    "Me too.  They make me feel so sexy and actually display my legs more
properly. My husband won't let me dress in anything else.  Maybe crotchless
pantyhose once in a while, but he enjoys these best.  Everything is fine. He's
not upset.  See, he's hard too, and I hope you guys are nice enough to let him
join us."
    I was!  From where I sat, everything was like a XXX movie, but LIVE!
    "Right there Harry, that's it.  Oh that feels so nice!  You want my legs
wide like this?  Or, do you want me to run them up and down over your ass so
you can feel how silky they are?  God!  Yes, put more in!  No Dick, straddle
my stomach and fuck my tits.  You're blocking my husband view.  I want to show
him I can be better than any women on his tapes at home.  Tom, let me suck
your dick!  I want to swallow your cum."
    They were raping her now, or were they?  If they were, she was loving it.
The sight of a another man's cock shoved in my wife's mouth, between her full
tits, and in her pussy was something that excited me to a new level.
    Harry put the rest of his dick in with a short jab and said, "Shit you
guys, her cunt has muscles I never knew were down there!"
    "Fucking A.  She almost gnawed my tongue off with that thing.  I don't
know what you did Harry, but do again.  She hums real good on my dick.  That's
it slut, get a mouthful of my cock.  I want to see the head go down your neck.
You can do it come on."  Tom sounded like a coach.
    "Tits don't do nothin for me.  I'm gettin hard thinkin what it's gonna
feel like when I abuse that cunt of hers.  You do have a fine whore hubby.  No
wonder you escorted her everywhere we saw you two.  I'd keep a slut like this
under lock and key myself.", said Dick.
    "That's not a bad idea.  Dick, you want to get the other stuff out?  I
ain't leaving this pussy until I blast it full of cum."
    Dick stepped over her and Tom pulled his cock out of her mouth.
    "Please don't stop now!  Where are you going?  I promise I'll be the best
fuck you ever had.  I need your cocks.  OH GOD HARRY!  Yes!  Keep fucking me
like that! Kiss me!"
    Harry covered her body with his, and she forcefully hauled his face lower
to kiss on and groan into his mouth.  He began to fuck her with a much quicker
pace and she timed her thrusts for greater penetration.  When he came, my wife
grabbed his ass with her hands and legs, trying to urge him inside her even
further.  His cum was drooling out of her pussy and pouring down to her
asshole.  Done for the time being, he got off my wife.  His dick was saturated
with cum, a strand dropping to the floor gradually.  She placed a hand down to
her pussy and filled it with his cum, then put it to her mouth and licked it
like her favorite ice-cream.
    "See honey, I enjoy cum a lot more than you thought.  I still love you,
but this is what I want sometimes.  I can't help it.  I'm not ashamed any more
because I know I can't help it.  Sometimes I want to be degraded, made to do
filthy things, be abused, raped by men.  Right this minute, I don't care what
they want to do with me, or to me.  In fact, I want them to do more.  Lots
more!"
    "Lay back down and open that mouth cunt.  Move your head off the mattress,
I don't want it wet.  They ain't as cheap as you are."
    Dick held his cock with two hands, he actually needed three, and let go
with dark yellow piss perfectly aimed at my wife's open mouth.  It came out so
fast, it splashed from her mouth and sprayed her face, hair, and neck.  All of
us, including me, gasped when we saw her adjust to the force and was trying to
gulp the piss down like some guys drink beer.  Her adams apple quickly moved
along her neck as she kept it up.  The majority of it was running down the
sides of her face, but she drank what she could.
    "I'll be a mother fucker.  Look at that, her eyes ain't batted once! We'll
be able to retire when we sell these tapes.  Sure glad I thought about
changing the angle of the cameras."
    So that's why Tom pulled away.  Dick finished pissing and squeezed the
last few drops out onto my wife's waiting tongue.  She caught them and licked
all around her lips.  She was right.  At this moment, it was not my wife
laying there.  She was a slut, a whore, a cocksucker, but with my wife's looks
and body.  My hard dick was proof that I wasn't sickened by this.  My
beautiful wife had become every mans' fantasy women.  I only hoped I could
find that "go button" and turn it off.  Not exactly right now though.
    "You really should cut your intake of sugar Dick.  Nobody's pee should
taste that sweet.  Honey, your cock's still hard!  Does that mean you still
love me and understand now."
    Everyone waited for my answer.  After a deep inhale, "Yes I still love
you.  But, why didn't you tell me before about these urges you get?"
   She sprang off the mattress and knocked us both over in the chair with her
hugs and kisses all over my face.
    "Hey come on!  You're all wet and sticky!"
    "I'm Sorry.  I'm so happy you love me still.  I didn't tell you before
because I was ashamed of what I was capable of doing.  I was ashamed that I
enjoyed it so much the first time 5 guys raped me and took my cherry.  I was
afraid of what I'd do whenever a man came near me after that.  Until you came
along.  Then I felt normal again."
    "OK! OK!  Will you get off me now.  Frankly my dear you smell BAD!"
    "I have no problem smelling, DEAR!  I just have a poor bouquet now."
    "Very cute!  GET OFF ME!"
    "Listen, he's right.  Anywhere I can freshen up?  A women has to look good
for the cameras you know."
    "Bathroom is down the hall behind you.", Tom pointed.
    "Wait a fuckin minute cunt!  What's goin on here?  You 2 pullin some kind
of shit on us?  You accept all this now hubby?  We take you at gun point,"
    "SHUT UP DICK!", Tom broke in.
    "YOU SHUT THE FUCK UP!  We take you at gun point, bring you here, tie you
up, strip her, make her suck cock, rape her cunt, fuck I just made her drink
my piss!  I don't believe that's OK with you now!"
    "Yes, you brought us here at gun point.  Yes, you stripped her.  Yes you
still have me tied to this chair.  But, you didn't make her suck cock, she
tried to swallow it.  You didn't rape her cunt, she fucked Harry's dick off.
You didn't make her drink your piss, she drank it like water at half time
during a football game.  She loves me and I love her.  This is one of those
problems you can't package up and ship off to somebody else, you have to
handle it yourself.  I will!  One more thing. Don't get pissed at Tom.  Did
all your blood rush to you cock?  You just confessed to major felonies on 4
video cameras you DUMBFUCK!"
    "Can I please wash up and put fresh make-up on so we can continue now?"
    "Go on pretty pussy while we talk this over.  Dick, I believe both of
them.  The way she fucked me, wasn't rape!", Harry stated.
    "Listen Dick, I know she's telling the truth.  No women ever tried to haul
my cock in their neck like she did!  Hell, her old man here stopped struggling
when she fired those balls out her box and hasn't lost his hard-on since.  I
think he's telling the truth too.", Tom said.
    "OK!  I know it.  It's in his eyes.  No anxiety, no anger.  He's only
waiting to see if he watches or joins.  I knew the cunt was on the level when
we had her chained and she was suckin my tongue.  You're right, he's been hard
since then.  If we let you loose, you gonna let us fuck your ass and suck our
cocks too?", Dick asked.
    "Thank you, but I'm quite comfortable with my ass tied DOWN on this chair
now. Actually it's starting to feel better DOWN in this chair."
    "You're safe hubby, no queers here.  Lookin at our hard cocks all this
time, I wanted to make sure you weren't one.  Cut him loose Harry."
   My wife came into the room.  Her hair was wet, but rinsed out, and face
washed. She still looked sexy in her nylons, garter belt and high heels as she
walked over to us.  She asked for her purse to put more make-up on and Tom got
it for her.  With this done, she strolled back to the mattress.
    "Dick, why don't you fuck my face?  I know I can't deepthroat it, but my
tongue and lips will make it feel wonderful.  That I promise!"
    "Sure cunt.  First, we gotta get you ready.  Listen hubby, she's askin for
all this, so don't get crazy on me when I test her limits.  You know what I
mean?"
    "Babe, how come you're so shy?  You're not normally that way."
    "Maybe he's still adjusting to your true nature.", Tom said.
    "No, he's accepted that!  Other wise, you might be dead now.  This past
weekend he won the Midwest Regional Semi-Finals for his weight class.  Judo
and Karate BOTH! I was so proud!"
    The 3 of them stopped breathing then and stared at my wife, trying to
figure out if she was lying.  She wasn't.  I decided to set their dim minds at
ease by walking to the blue bag and asked if they had other goodies in it.
    "We sure do.", Harry said.  "What would you like first?"
    "Fuck, I'm new at this.  You decide."
    "Dump everythin on the floor hubby,  I'll tell you what to grab.  Hand me
that dog collar with the chain, that steel rod with the shackles at each end,
and a pair, no 2 pair of handcuffs.  Ok cunt, hold your arms out!  Hubby, put
the cuffs on, one pair on each wrist, then put the dog collar on.  Leave the
rod alone, FOR NOW!"
    They came over and joined me and my wife at the mattress.
    "This chain is cut to exactly 10 inches from the collar after I hook it
round my waist.  That way the cunt always got 2 inches of my hard cock in the
mouth and can't do nothin about it.  On your hands and knees you cum suckin
whore.  You think my cock's big?  Watch this!"
    With the chain around his waist and my wife attached to the other end, on
her hands and knees, Dick pumped his hips at her face.  3 or 4 strokes later,
his cock was hard and at its' full length, 12 by 8.  As amazing as his dick
looked, it could not defy the laws of gravity and slapped noisily against each
of my wife's tits when he flicked his hips at her.  He picked his cock up with
2 hands.  My wife automatically opened her mouth as wide as she could.
    "That's it cocksucker.  Get ready for the best there is.", Dick said.
    She couldn't open wide enough, but that didn't stop him.  He put both of
his big hands on each side of her tiny head and hauled her mouth onto his
cock.  I thought he hurt her when we all heard the muffled scream, but soon
realized he didn't when she wrapped her arms around him and pulled his ass
toward her face.  She wasn't pushing, she was urging his cock in her mouth.
   "Your black hands look erotic on her white face, but I don't think they are
doing anything, except maybe keeping her hair back.", I said.
    "They serve a purpose alright.  You and Harry each grab a wrist and cuff
yourself.  Tom, turn this slut round so you can fuck her cunt from behind. See
hubby, my hands keep the head up while the her arms are stretched out!"
    Dick was right.  Her hands immediately searched for and found Harry's and
my hard-ons.  Her mouth was over stuffed with his cock.  Her pink lips drew
tightly around the surface of it so every time he pulled back they would wipe
her saliva off the newly exposed areas.  He was so thick, the flesh of his
cock would form a black rubber gasket over her face from her chin to her nose.
She was groaning and moaning like crazy on his cock while jacking off Harry
and me.  I turned and saw Tom was getting prepared to fuck her.
    Tom placed the only the head on her pussy lips.  He violently thrust
almost half of his 13 inch dick inside of her.  She gripped my dick so hard I
thought she might tear it off.  Same with Harry, from the agonizing look he
had.  Tom grabbed hold of her garter belt like horse's reins and pushed more
of his cock in.  She shrieked and was forced to take more of Dick's cock
further in her mouth.  He wouldn't let go of her head and forced her to suck
what was in without pulling back.  Tom grunted, held her garter belt tighter,
and jammed the rest of his cock in her.  This brought another cry from her,
but it was quickly cut off when the head of Dick's cock broke through to her
throat.
    "AW FUCK!  EVERYBODY STOP MOVIN!"
    Everyone froze when Dick yelled.  His eyes were shut tight, his jaw was
slack, and he was trembling slightly.  I bent over to see if my wife bit him.
When I saw her face, her eyes were open, her mouth was incredibly stretched,
and she was panting through her nose.  I couldn't believe it.  Her neck was
gorged and stuck out fatly with cock that wasn't meant to fit there!  But,
there it was!  Dick still had at least 6 inches outside her mouth, and now
maybe 2 inches in her throat!  She pushed me away from her face.  I forgot
about the cameras that were set everywhere. "Sorry", I said and moved.  Yes, I
wanted a copy of these tapes myself.  She managed a giggle somehow and shook
her head up and down, as if to tell everyone to keep going.
    Tom pulled his cock back, her inner pussy lining sticking to his dick.  It
was slippery with her juices and Harry's cum.  He pushed in again and this
brought a moan from Dick and my wife as she was forced to deepthroat another
inch of cock.  I leaned over and put my free hand lightly to her neck and
could feel the cock sliding back and forth in there, 1 or 2 inches at a time.
Tom started a fucking movement now drawing back until only 8 inches of his
cock was out, then drove forward hard. Her cunt devoured his cock all the way
to the base.  Harry and I were not neglected.  My wife was trying to squeeze
the cum out of our dicks with her hands.
    Tom really attacked her pussy now, as though he wanted to touch Dick's
cock with his own.  What I was looking at, he had a better than even chance of
success.  At 5' 7", my wife's height was 50% long lovely legs.  But, Dick
could not get anymore cock stuffed in her throat.  There was still 4 inches
outside her mouth.  He had reached the first limit he set to discover.
   It must have been the sight before me, I was feeling weak and started to
shake.  I wasn't sick, I was cumming!  Cumming like I never before.  My wife's
hand was only squeezing my dick and I was cumming!  It shot out and hit me on
the nose.  I reached down to point it away from my face an another stream shot
out and just missed Harry's shoulder.
    "If you have to aim at anybody, aim at "CB", not me damn it!  Your wife,
the Cum Bank!", Harry half joked.
    I aimed for her cheek.  But, hit her NOSE.  I aimed again, hit her EAR.
The one after that hit DICK'S COCK, then her HAIR, and then the last one hit
her NECK. "Fuck!  7 chances and blew them all.", I said.
    "You are down right dangerous with that thing!  Watch me do it.  Right
down the middle of her back!"
    Harry squeezed my wife's hand over his cock and stroked it a couple of
times. When he came, it wasn't like me.  Not spurts, he let go one long flow
of cum.  All the way from her ass, up to the back of her head, right down the
middle of her back, as he said he would.
    "Yeah whore!  Take this!  Suck it down cunt, suck it down!  Eat my cum!
Yeah move that tongue on my black cock and swallow my cum!  Yeah!  I'm gonna
make you choke on cum and you're gonna take it!  You wanna keep my cock in
your neck, don't you?  You want my cum don't you?  FUCK!"
    My wife's handcuffed hands brought Harry's and mine next to Dick when she
stretched for his ass and hung onto it.  Harry reminded me of the cameras
again, so I moved a little, but was still able to see my unbelievable wife
take Dick's cum deep in her throat.  Her neck muscles worked violently to
swallow.  Dick suddenly, I still don't know why, pulled out of her mouth and
was cumming in long flowing spurts.  Each one had more force than the last.
Her mouth was open and cum was being poured into it.  Her mouth was full of
cum, but Dick wasn't done yet.  He still shot loads between her wide open
lips.  The stuff was flowing out of her mouth now.  She closed it and quickly
gulped, then her mouth open to take more cum.  Dick aimed instead for her face
and hit her forehead, both eyes, and nose.  She leaned forward and with long
slow licks of her tongue, cleaned his cock.
    "Oh Tom keep fucking like that!  Don't slow down!  Fuck me hard!  I'm a
whore! I'm a slut, a cocksucker, a cunt, a twat.  Fuck me, don't love me! Bang
my box!  Jam my pussy,!  GIVE ME COCK FAST AND HARD!"
    "Here it comes bitch!"
    "Don't pull it out!  I want feel you cum inside me.  I want to feel it run
down my legs when you're done.  Fill me!  Please CUM! CUM! CUM!  OH FUCK ME
AND DON'T STOP!"
    Tom came and he left his cock in her pussy.  I couldn't resist.  I watched
Tom's dick pumped cum inside of her.  When he did pull out, his dick was
glistening and wet.  My wife's pussy lips were red and swollen from the hard
fucking she just accepted.  Her clit stood out like a mini-cock and was
vibrating on its' own.  Her pussy opened and closed as if a cock was still
buried in it, and you could clearly see all the cum in there.  She was panting
and moaning and still grinding herself on a cock no longer there.
    "I love cock!  I love cum!  I am a cunt!  I want more!  Please give me
more. More cum!  More cock!  More!"
    Dick took off the chain and dog collar.  Tom handed him a glass.
    "You must be thirsty cunt.", Dick said as he put the glass between her
legs and raised her up.
    The amount of cum that poured out of her pussy was amazing!  It didn't
dribble, it plopped out into the glass.  The last of it finally dripped from
her to leave a small strand hanging.  Dick took the glass and held it in front
of her.  The corners of her mouth had cum leaking out.  Her nose and chin had
cum hanging down from them. Her face had thick gobs of cum everywhere.  Cum
was running down her neck onto her tits.  Dick told Harry and I to take the
cuffs off.
    "OK CUNT!  You want more cum?  Beg for it!"
    "Yes!  Please give the glass.  I want to drink it.  Please give it to me!"
    My wife reached for the glass, but Dick slapped her face.
    Instinctively, I kicked his leg, behind the knee, and when he fell to the
floor, grabbed his forehead with my left hand, turned his head away, and
jammed my right thumb just below his right ear at the jaw line.  Tom and Harry
jumped back when they saw how easily, and quickly I had Dick pleading for his
life.
    "HEY MAN I DIDN'T REALLY MEAN IT!  I WAS ONLY TESTING HER!"
    "No you weren't."
    "Yes I was.  Honest!  We do this all the time.  We carefully pick and
check the women we grab.  To make sure they have the right traits to be good
hookers, we bring them here.  Slapping them only proves who is the boss.
Honest!  I just got carried away with myself, I'm sorry!  I won't hit her
again.  You have my word on that!"
    "A kidnapping rapists' word.  Why don't I believe you?"
    "Look, I know we haven't given you a reason to trust us.  If I were in
your shoes, I wouldn't either, but if you noticed, Tom locked your car up
outside.  You know why?  We planned on letting you go.  We do that with
everyone.  If the women admit and prove they love to fuck, we make deals with
them.  They get paid for something they love to do for free, and we make out
OK in the bargain.  If we nab their husbands at the same time, like you, they
don't object because we cut them in AND they now have the whore wife they
always dreamed of."
    "And if they don't go along with your plans?"
    "We rob them, leave them tied up and setup shop some place else.  We have
too many women on the streets for us to be locked-up man.  You'd be surprised
at how many wives, girlfriends and lovers we have working for us."
    "I don't know why, and common sense tells me I shouldn't believe you.  But
I do. Get one thing clear.  You hit my wife again, and the police are going to
be the least of your worries."
   "Good move.", Tom said when I let Dick up.  He then threw his gun back over
by the blue bag.
    I started to laugh.
    "It's not so funny, I would have shot you if you forced me to."
    "Not without bullets.  While you guys eyed my wife, I pulled the clips
from both 45s.  When Dick told me to dump the bag, I dumped everything but the
clips on the floor.  They're still in the bag."
    Harry and Dick were laughing now.
    "I'm glad you're at ease with each other, and no one has any reason to hit
me.  I will fuck and suck all of you like I said, bit I will not be your whore
for pay or for free.  Not even part time.  The desire I have now will go away.
When it does, I want my life with my husband again.  Hopefully it will not be
hurt by this."
    All of us cracked up then.  I laughed so hard I was fighting to catch my
breath. Finally I calmed myself.
    "I'm sorry honey, really I am.  But you should see yourself.  Your hand is
on your pussy rubbing your clit.  Your other hand is on your tit pinching the
nipple. Cum is in your hair.  Cum is all over your face.  Cum is hanging from
your chin.  Cum is running down your legs.  And to top it all off, you
SERIOUSLY tell them you won't be their whore.  What's wrong with this picture?"
    Everyone roared now, including my wife.  After we settled down a bit, Dick
brought my wife a box of tissues and began wiping her face off.
    "I truly am sorry for hitting fine lady like you and promise I will not do
it again."
    "Apology accepted.  I prefer that you talk the way you did earlier.  You
know, rough, mean, in command.  That's part of what turned me on.  That and
this truly amazing cock!"
    She had him in both hands and couldn't wrap either one all the way around
it. She was pulling on it, slowly toward her, then slowly back to his balls.
    "You are going to fuck me with this, aren't you?"
    "Right now cunt!  Get up!  Harry and Tom, grab this slut.  Hubby, you can
get the steel rod now."
    He didn't waist time getting back into his macho personality.  I got the
rod.  It was maybe 4 feet long, an inch thick with foot long chains at each
end that had shackles.  Dick moved the table and mattress and told me to set
the rod down. He and I put the mattress only over the rod with the chains and
shackles extended out.  He then laid down on it made himself cozy.
    "OK get that cunt over here facing me.  Hubby, put the ankles of this slut
in those shackles.  You wanted more, you're gonna get more!"
    With her legs secured straddling Dick's body over the mattress, and her
arms being held by Tom and Harry, she looked like a human sacrifice about to
be offered. The only cum on her now was running from her pussy down the inside
of both legs, making the nylons shine that much more.  Tom asked me to hold
her arm because he want to change the angles on the videos.  When I took his
place, my wife spoke to me.
   "I can stop now if you want me to.  I think I have my feelings under better
control and could quit, but I also suspect you'd really have to fuck me good
when we got home."
    "What's the matter, that thing down there got you scared all of a sudden?"
    "I was thinking about you, but since you mentioned it, forget what I just
said. I really want to experience a cock that large fucking me.  I have to
find out if I can take it all."
    Tom move the videos and placed 2 in front of my wife, one on each side,
and had pointed the other one directly at the tip of Dick's enormous hard
cock.  Dick was holding it up so Tom could focus and frame the picture.  Yes,
the three of them had done this before.  They acted like pros, even if their
profession was warped and kinky.
    "Hubby, you want a real show, or you gonna stay there?"
    "What did you have in mind?"
    "See if that glass of cum spilled.  If it didn't, pour some on my dick.
This slut is gonna need all the help she can get when I fuck her cunt with
this cock!"
    Surprisingly, the glass was upright, but some cum did spill.  Now it was
half full, instead of 3 quarters full.  I poured a little over his stiff cock.
He jumped because the cum was cool, not warm like before.  Then he instructed
me to put some on her next.  Being a novice at this, I couldn't see how I
could while she was standing.
    "Pour it in you hands.", Harry told me.  "It won't bite!  Pretend it's sun
tan lotion and you're going to rub her pussy to keep it from burning.  That's
what you'll be doing anyway.  Otherwise, that fat cock Dick has is really
going to burn when he sticks it in her tight box."
    "Oh well.", I said and poured it in my hand.  It WAS cold!  And sticky.
And slimy.  How can any women like this stuff.  Yet, my wife was begging for
it.  I thought to myself, why be a fool, you ought to be glad she does love
it. I gently cupped my hand against her and rubbed the cum on her pussy lips.
In no time at all, she had the cum and my hand warm from the heat inside her.
She bent her legs a little, closed her eyes, and started to hump my hand.  Her
pussy seemed to drink in the cum, so I poured more on it.  She moan and forced
her pussy harder onto my hand, still humping away.  I felt her clit getting
harder and growing as she kept grinding herself on my hand.
    "OH! That feels so good!  Can you feel how excited and hard my clit is.
YES! Press your hand harder against it.  Stick your fingers in so I can fuck
them."
    "Out of the way hubby!  Stand behind me and watch a master at work!  Fuck
this you slut!  No fingers, the real thing!"
    I sat down on the empty coffee table, my own dick starting to get hard
again. Tom and Harry forced my wife to squat over Dick.  Her arms wrapped
around each of their waists as she fought to keep her balance in the high
heels.  Dick aimed his cock, with both hands at, her soaked pussy.  The rod
kept her feet spread wide apart, but her knees were almost touching.  Tom and
Harry clamped each of her legs between their legs.  She was opened so wide
now, that her garters popped off the nylons.  I know pussy can expand, but
could my wife's stretch wide enough to handle the fat black thing pointed at
hers!  Harry and Tom pushed her shoulders down quickly.  She dropped maybe 2
inches.
   "OH GOD!  STOP!  Stop!  Please stop!  It hurts!"
    "Shit, I don't even have the whole head in yet!  Quit your screamin!"
    It was true.  He still had a little of the head out, not much, but he
still had some of it showing.  I asked if she was alright.
    "I need to hold still for a while so I can adjust.  This feels like I lost
my cherry again, only worse.  OH GOD NO!"
    Dick had thrust his hips up so that the whole head of his cock was now
buried in her pussy.
    "If you don't get the whole head in, you'll never adjust.  And that's only
3 inches!"
    "PLEASE don't move anymore just yet.  Oh God it hurts!"
    While they waited for her, Tom started to bang his dick against her tits.
Harry thought this was a good idea and did the same.  He didn't reach her tits
though, only her neck.  Tired of this after a while, they each grabbed their
dicks and put them up to her mouth.  Since Harry's prick was shorter, she got
her lips on his dick before Tom.  Harry began poking in her mouth as she
sucked his cock.  Tom, feeling left out, went back to banging her tits.  When
she purred a few times on the cock in her mouth, Dick started to fuck her
again.
    "I know you're ready now slut cause your juices are runnin down my cock."
    Tom and Harry impaled her another inch onto Dick's cock, which brought
another scream from her.  The scream was muffled this time by Harry's cock in
her mouth. Another inch, another scream.  Another inch, another scream.  She
had 6 inches in and another 6 to go!  They stopped to let her adjust again.
Like her mouth before, the foreskin made a fleshy gasket that pressed against
and enclosed her pussy.  Though his cock did have an 8 inch circumference, it
looked unbelievably thicker now.
    "That's it, I can feel that cunt start to work on my cock.  Only a real
whore can get fucked by me and like it, and you're startin to like it ain't
you?"
    How she was fitting that thing in, is beyond me!  She was trying to get
use to the cock that enlarged her tight pussy.  My wife slowly raised herself
a couple of inches and then slowly lowered again to the same point on his
cock.  I knew she was used to the width now.  After a few of her slow up/down
actions, Tom and Harry released her shoulders since it was obvious she liked
what she was doing.  As she reached the 6 inch mark on cock, Dick lunged his
hips so that another 2 inches penetrated her.  This didn't bring a scream
though.  Her reaction was to open her mouth real wide.  As she did, Tom shoved
his cock in her mouth along side of Harry's.
    What began as a gang rape of my wife was now the most erotic live sex act
I could ever imagine.  Her mouth was passionately sucking on 2 cocks, and her
once small tight pussy was being expanded by yet another massive cock.  The
sounds coming from her throat were the same ones she made when she was near
her climax.  She shook her head wildly and both dicks popped out.
    "OH!  GOD!  YES!  I never thought fucking could be this good!  Fill me
with your cock!  Give me more!  I want more of your cock in my pussy it feels
so damn good!  OH YES!  Fuck me like that!  You're touching every nerve in me!
OH God I'm Cumming! More!  I'm Cumming!"
   Her weight came down hard on Dick's cock, now buried so fully in her pussy
you could see the outline of it in her lower stomach.  She shut her eyes
tight, tilted her head back and squeezed her tits with both hands, violently
pinching each nipple. Tom and Harry were helping her pump up and down.  They
roughly and quickly pulled her up and then suddenly dropped her on the cock.
They kept doing this until she was cumming, and she came for a long time,
yelling blatantly for more cock and more cum. When it was over, she leaned
forward, placing her hands on Dick's chest to rest.
    "I need to catch my breath.  Sorry."
    "No you don't cunt!  My turn to cum.  Who cares if you're ready.  I'm
gonna fill you with so much cum it's gonna shoot out you're ears."
    Dick grabbed her by the hips like a rag doll and pushed her off him
completely.
    "On all fours slut!  I don't wanna see your face, unless it's got a dick
in it. I wanna see your cunt wrap round my cock.  Hubby, get in front.  Have
this cocksucker put that mouth to some good."
    After I was in place, Dick penetrated her with his full length and width.
The impact of his attack forced my wife to form a giant "O" with her mouth and
inhale sharply.  I did not move since she was in obvious pain.  Dick, on the
other hand, started to fuck without mercy or compassion and tormented her even
further by talking.
    "Come on cunt!  Move that ass and start fuckin back.  I wanna see this
pussy snap and grab my cock.  I thought a slut like you could take it.  You
wanted more, well here's your wish, now take it!  Suck your husband's dick
too.  You're a slut whore who likes to fuck and suck and you better start
suckin and fuckin!"
    Tears were in her eyes from the pain, but she did what Dick told her to
do.  She strained her neck to take me in her mouth.  Dick was fucking her with
long rough strokes while he held her hips firmly in his large hands.  My wife
pulled one of my hands to the back of her head.
    "Grab my head and fuck my face!  I want your cock deep in my throat.  If
you won't do it, get somebody else!  I need to be used.  I'm a cunt, a whore,
a slut. All I want to do suck and fuck.  I want cum!  I don't care where you
want to put it, just give me your cum!"
    I had to back away.  I couldn't treat my wife like this.  I admit that her
behavior and the whole scene did turn me on like never before and I already
came once, but I could not bring myself to participate in her "rape" any
longer.  Tom took my place in front of her.
    "You want your face fucked?  Here, suck this!"
    Tom seized her head and mashed his groin in her face.  She willingly
encircled her mouth around his limp cock.  Dick was still fucking her from
behind with the full length of his monster cock.  They fell into a rythym as
she rocked on her hands and knees between them.  Dick would pull her hips back
to stuff her pussy full of his cock, then Tom would pull her head to force his
cock deeper down her throat.  Back and forth they kept it up.
    "This cunt ain't bad.", Dick said.
    "Hell, after you ruin them, they're lucky to be able to feel a fist in
their pussies.  Glad you didn't stretch her throat too far.  She's great at
head.", Tom said.
    Harry interrupted, "Hey come on, she's got another hole that needs to be
filled. If her husband doesn't want some, I do!"
    They shifted positions with Dick laying down again and my wife on top.
    "Please hurry!  I want all of your cum!  God, my cunt is on fire!"
    Harry knelt behind her and was pressing his cock to her ass.  He had
trouble because Dick's cock filled her so completely there was little room for
him.  He reached down, wiped her pussy and Dick's cock with his hand to get it
wet, then smeared his own cock with the juices.  Harry now was able to force
the head of his cock in her ass.  It still wasn't working, so Dick pulled out.
Harry was then able pack her ass full of cock in one drive with his hips.
Before she had a chance to recover from this assault, Dick crammed his hard
fat cock back in her pussy, bringing out a deafening screech from her.
    "OH MY GOD!  PLEASE BE DON'T!  I've never been so stretched and filled in
my whole life!  You're larger than the first men who raped me!"
    "No way bitch!  You have to suck my cock, so get busy.", Tom said.
    "Yeah!", Dick said.  "Get that cunt workin.  You wanna fuck us or you want
us to fuck you?  I don't care.  I'll cum either way, but you might not like it
if we fuck you right now.  We might put more holes in you than you got
already."
    Maybe my wife did get off on being abused and handled this way because she
snatched Tom's cock and put it in her mouth as though her life depended on it.
She also gingerly lifted her ass a little to begin a fucking motion on the two
cocks in her ass and pussy.  Tom yanked at her hair and cruelly dragged her
mouth over his cock further.  He didn't care if her lips or tongue touched him
as long as he could push his overlong cock down her throat.  Harry reached
around her and Dick extended up and they both mauled her tits with their
hands, not caring how rough they were. Harry then began to lift her up and
down with his body on both their cocks.  Dick laid under everyone and
forcefully stabbed his cock into her every time Harry brought her down again.
Each time they did this, she would try to scream, and Tom's cock would travel
further down her throat.
    My beautiful wife was being attacked by three sadistic men.  Not fucked,
but attacked.  Her arms extended away from her body and she clenched her fists
still trying to scream.  Tom was forcing more of his cock in her already
bulging throat by pulling her head to him with both hands.  He didn't move his
hips, but moved her head like he was using it to jack himself off.  Her hair
was flipping back and forth in Harry's face and his only reaction was to force
her harder and faster down on the two cocks below.  I was ready to break them
apart when my wife did something that stopped me.
    As I got up, she saw me move and waved me to sit back down and stay away
from them.  She then reached down to her belly with one hand and felt around.
It looked as though Dick's cock was trying to punch a hole her stomach you
could see the outline that clear.  With the other hand, she stroked the part
of Tom's cock that wasn't buried in her mouth and throat.  She was being
abused and really raped by these men now, and she was beginning to enjoy it.
She moaned and groaned in desire each time they would shove a cock in her. She
grabbed Tom's ass now and reached around to pull Harry closer and tighter to
her.  They didn't all cum at once.  My wife was the first to start, but also
the last to finish.
    Dick was the first.  "Squeeze that pussy on my cock!  Fuck me quicker you
lazy slut!  Only a few more stabs and you'll get my cum.  You sure know how to
fuck for a stuck-up white bitch.  Yeah!  Here I go!  Take it slut!  Take my
cum in your white cunt!"
    Tom was next.  "You ain't got the whole thing but you got more than any
white bitch ever has.  Your mouth is good and your throat is tight.  Suck it
down!  Take my cock and eat my cum!  I'm gonna coat your tonsils with cum
whore!  Your mouth was made for suckin a cock!  OH SHIT BITCH EAT ME!"
    I could see Tom's cock pulse and knew my wife didn't have a choice but to
allow him to continue fucking her face.  He wasn't moving her head any more
but just stood there blasting his cum down her throat and holding her head
still.  When he pulled out of her mouth, I thought he was finished cumming,
but no.  Similar to Dick before, he held his cock in two hands and sprayed her
face and mouth with more cum.  She leaned forward to get every drop he had.
Tilting her head up so he could cum anywhere he wanted, she also stuck her
tongue out to taste what she could.
    Harry was ready now but was a lot more quiet about it than the other two.
As he came, he grabbed my wife by the waist, lifted her, and then forced her
ass back onto his cock in one powerful move.  When he came, he had spasms and
grunted.
    Everyone, including myself, was amazed at what my wife had just done. Yet,
we were even more awe stuck to see her still cumming.  She was forcing herself
onto both cocks below her ready to fuck some more and was grunting like Harry.
 After a few more moments she was done now also.
    "That felt so great!  A cock and cum in my ass, a cock and cum in my
pussy, and I just deepthroated my longest cock ever.  OH!  I'm cumming again
just thinking about it!  Thank you!  All of you!"
    She leaned down and gave Dick a deep soul kiss, with Tom's cum still all
over her face.  He didn't seem to mind it and kissed her back hugging her body
tightly to his. When they broke the kiss, she did the same to Tom.  Harry, not
wanting to miss his turn, pulled his cock out of her ass with a loud slurping
pop.  This startled her but she kissed him just as passionately as the other
two.  During her kiss with Harry, Dick lifted her off his cock.  Cum was
pouring out of her pussy and ass like there was a faucet turned on down there
somewhere.  Dick's cock was being covered thickly by the amount of cum that
came gushing out.
    "Here, let me clean that up for you.  Can't waist good cum like that!"
    She got down on her knees between Dick's legs and he raise up so she could
get at him better.  I watched her stick her tongue up his ass to clean out the
cum, then she licked her way to his balls and sucked them clean too.
    "I feel like such a pig hogging this all to myself.  Do you guys want
any?", she asked.
    Without the slightest hesitation and simultaneously, the three of them
said, "ALL YOUR'S!"
    "You don't know what you're missing, but I love it!  Thank you again!"
    After thoroughly cleaning Dick with her tongue, she called for Tom to do
the same thing to him.  He switched places with Dick on the mattress and she
put her tongue up his ass and sucked his balls too.  My wife stopped Harry
before he got any ideas.
    "Sorry Harry.  I may have acted like a slut and let you guys do things to
me that a girl shouldn't, but eating my own shit off your cock is where I draw
the line!"
    Harry glanced at me and immediately dropped the whole subject.
    "Too bad their pricks are too big.  I was the only one to fuck you in the
ass and they're too tired to try it now.  So what if you don't lick mine.  I
fucked your's right?"
    "Harry a lot of girls would love to have that nine inch cock.  Don't be so
hung up on size.  It's how you use it, and you use it just fine!  Since
everyone is satisfied, if not it's your own fault, do we have your permission
to leave now?"
    Dick answered her.  "Are you sure you won't reconsider our offer?  With
your looks, body, and talent you could have more money than you can imagine!
Shit we'll even split 60-40 in your favor.  You won't get a better deal from
anybody else!  Even part time you could get rich!"
    "As I told you earlier.  I love my husband more than a good fuck.  So the
answer to your question is still a big N O no!"
    The three of them tried to convince her to whore for them and even tried
to talk me into it by offering ten percent of their forty percent cut, but
failed.  True to his word, Dick gave me my clothes and allowed my wife to
dress before letting us go. They said they would send us copies of the tapes
since they had our address from the drivers licenses.  Our trip home was a
very quiet one.
    After my shower and my wife's long bath, we sat in the kitchen and talked
about what happened to both of us.
    "Look honey, I'm not broken.  I still have all my charms and wits.  They
didn't bruise me anywhere.  There's no bleeding.  I don't feel used and abused
as you would put it.  I feel fine.  Honest I do.  And I still love you as much
as I loved you before tonight.  Please tell me that you still love me!"
    "Yes, of course I still love you."
    "Then please tell me what you're thinking about.  Is it about the way I
acted with those men?  Is it that we never did things like that together? Just
you and I. Is it because I didn't tell you about the first time I was raped?
Do you think I can't love you because of what I did tonight?  Please tell me.
I need to know whatever it is you're thinking about especially if it's about
me!"
    "What really bothers me is not anything you did or those men did to you,
exactly. I'm trying hard to not feel guilty about being sexually aroused while
watching my wife get gang-banged by three black men.  I'm trying not to feel
inadequate about filling all your needs and urges.  I got more excited than
I've ever been watching you get fucked and sucking their cocks.  At the same
time though I felt totally incompetent as a man when I saw how much you loved
fucking and sucking them.  If it were to happen again, I'm afraid I'd act and
feel the same way.  I'd get another hard-on and try to join whoever was with
you.  That's not normal.  But, it felt all right then because of how much you
enjoyed it.  Does this make any sense?  I would welcome it if it happened
again, yet I wouldn't."
    "That is the same feeling I had when they ordered me to strip.  The same
exact thoughts were coming to me.  I thought, I know I will enjoy this rape,
but I shouldn't.  I love my husband, but those men triggered another part of
me.  You're everything I could hope for in a man so please don't feel
inadequate or inferior. You have no reason to feel that way.  But like when
you got excited watching me with those men, I get just as excited when men I
don't know touch me or feel me up, especially if you're watching."
    I thought a very long time before giving her my answer.  "I need to be
sure of something first and I don't know how to put it.  This may sound crazy
to you and tell me if you think it is.  I want to do this again, BUT this time
I want us both to be volunteers.  In other words, I want to have both of us
choose the men to be involved and the time & place.  I have to find out if
either of us is masochistic, especially me.  Maybe that's why I practice the
Judo and Karate every day and don't mind the pain.  If this is the case, we
need help before we cause ourselves serious problems we may not recover from."
    "OK Macho Man.  Not too soon though.  I'm in good shape, but I am sore and
will need time.  They weren't small in case you forgot."
    "I didn't forget and I'm not being 'Macho Man'.  I just don't want either
of us getting carried away and causing problems we can't get over that's all."


    SPECIAL NOTE
    This is a true story.  This is also how my wife and I began swinging.  Not
all of the conversations are quotes, but close enough to get the point across.
Tom, Dick, and Harry are not the real names of the three men.  They sent us
copies of the tapes from that night with no return address and a note
promising not to ever contact us again.  That was 17 years ago and they've
kept their word.
     Don't bother asking for copies of these tapes.
     WE NEVER SHOW OR WILL WE EVER OFFER THEM TO ANYONE FOR ANY REASON.
