Written By:Red Mage                                          [#003]
DISCLAIMER:
This file, no matter what the contents of it is, is strictly
for informative purposes only, so you will be ready. I would
not suggest you try anything in here, unless you are willing
to pay the consequences. If anything occurs to you, in no way
is the writer of this file, or SiA in any factor responsible.
Remember this disclaimer as you read through the file, Enjoy.
Here is a good way to piss off a SysOp is in the file area.  If there is an
option in the file area to make a text file online do it! Make the name of
the file com1.exe it'll lock the system up until the SysOp can reboot the 
computer. This is a very nice way of locking systems up, its also makes it 
very easy to not get caught. OHH by the way make sure you don't do that on 
your account make a dupe.

Here is a awesome way of crashing a board, now don't get me wrong this 
method is old but it still works.  If the board has a archive extraction 
option in the file area this will work. Example: WWIV, old version of 
Renegade, old versions of Telegard. First make a zip call the zip some 
crappy name like TEXT.ZIP.  Make a batch file called pkunzip.bat.  Edit the 
batch file.  Inside the batch put in alone the word "COMMAND". Zip up the 
batch file. Upload the zip to the asshole's board.  Now for the description
put something that you think he'll never touch like some boring text file 
thing.  Now when the file gets validated (Depending on what type of system 
it is) try to extract the file pkunzip.bat from the archive you uploaded.  
Now do it again.  If all goes well you should be in Dos.  Now your here 
what do you do? Well first of all don't execute a program that will lock 
the system up.  Get the user files or something.

On a Pcboard system try to upload a file called clock$.exe or whatever or 
log on as clock$ it'll fuck up the clock. If your on a board that doesn't 
have a high Ascii filter this ones for you.  WHen your chatting with the 
SysOp hit ^g alot it'll beep him like hell! Add ^g all over!

This file is for information only.  DO NOT TRY THIS!

Special thanks to BALLISTICK and TRIPE.
