   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

     ฺฤฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฤฟ
    ฺฤฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤฤฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒ฿ฤ฿ฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฤฟ
   ฤฤฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤฤฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฤฤ
    ภฤฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤฤฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฤู
     ภฤฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฤ฿ฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฐฑฒฒฑฐฤฤู

                    "Another day another dialup..."
                  - NeuroCactus bulletin number two -
          - Minnow - Grudge - ฎThe Pickฏ - Blade - Scourge -
               - FreeStyle - Deicidal Maniac - Ripmax -

   ณ   ณ   ณ N ณ E ณ U ณ R ณ O ณ   ณ   ณ C ณ A ณ C ณ T ณ U ณ S ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

   [2.1] - Contents and Introduction
   อออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ
   [2.1] - Contents and Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . .  The Pick
   [2.2] - Busted! . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Ripmax
   [2.3] - VoiceMail, The Final Frontier . . . . . . . . . . .  The Pick
   [2.4] - Advanced Social Engineering . . . . . . . . . . . . FreeStyle
   [2.5] - ISP Voice Message Centre Part 2 . . . . . . . . . . .  Ripmax
   [2.6] - MessageBank Intersystem Signalling  . . . . . . . .  The Pick
   [2.7] - MessageBank Fax Boxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Minnow
   [2.8] - Trash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  Scourge and The Pick
   [2.9] - Payphone overview . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Blade

   Introduction
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
      Hey all,  and welcome  back to the NeuroCactus  alliance  bulletin
   number two. Since we last spoke, many changes have taken place in the
   NeuroCactus universe. New members. Grudge, Blade, FreeStyle, Deicidal
   Maniac  and Ripmax have joined  the group and it has expanded in many
   positive ways.
      As the first  NeuroCactus event,  NeuroCon '94 will be held in the
   heart of Melbourne.  All invitations have  already gone out so if you
   have not been  invited (even by voice) you are  obviously  not on the
   guest list so don't bug us. Anyway, on with the mag...

      Disclaimer:  All articles contained within this bulletin  (NC-002)
   are to be  read for  informational purposes only.  The authors of the
   articles contained do not in any way condone any of these  activities
   and discourage any illegal activities thereof.  We do NOT do ANYTHING
   ILLEGAL!!!  If you think you have  malicious  intentions towards  the
   law or any other establishment,  please do not read this file.


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

                       - [2.2] - !BUSTED! - [2.2] -
                          - Written by RกPMX -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

      Well nearly everyone had heard of  myself  being busted last  year
   for  phreaking,  but  still a lot  of  people  have  not  heard  what
   punishment  was handed down to us.  This article will hopefully serve
   as a reminder of what can happen to you guys out there aswell!

      Well the time was  7:00am  (wow they were on time!) and 3  Federal
   Police and one Telecom  Officer showed up with a search  and  seizure
   warrant and asked to be taken to my bedroom.  Much to there dismay, I
   wasn't home and had left for  work not 10  minutes  before  they  had
   arrived.  2 of these Feds were sent down  to  collect  me  from  work
   which is  not the best of places to be collected from.  Ohwell,  Shit
   DOES happen!

      After  a  about  an  hour  of  searching  the  whole  place   they
   proceeded to turn my  bedroom upside  down  taking  anything  with  a
   digit  written  which could  look  like  a  fone  number,  code,  pbx,
   calling card,  credit card etc etc  on  it,  (and I do mean anything).
   They also asked for information  about Quasar and Murf at this  stage
   I wouldnt give them and wasn't  aware they were concurrently  raiding 
   there houses aswell.

      We were also  tipped off about 1 month  before hand that  we  were
   going to be raided so  it gave us a bit of time to get rid of  a  lot
   of shit,  but they found shit that I had lost myself ages  ago!  They
   went through every book,  every cupboard and compiled a big  pile  on
   the floor and put it all  into separate bags  and  started  labeling.
   After which they loaded it  all in to the car  and  we  took  a  nice
   (PUKE) drive  to the Feds HQ here.  After  a  about  135  minutes  of
   questioning  I was finally sent down to the Lockup.  During this time
   I had also seen Quasar at the Feds HQ.

      Down at the  lockup  we were  photographed and finger printed  and
   eventually  released to await Trial.  This had all  happened  over  a
   period from 7am - 4:30pm, 1st May 1992.

      Wait.. Wait we did! From the  1st May,  we  didnt  eventually  get
   sentenced  on the 21st August,  and then after that faced a  property
   forfeiture which was resolved on 4th September.
 
   Outcomes were as follows,

    THE COURT ORDERS the  release  of  the  defenedant  under  paragraph
    20(1)(a) of the Crimes Act 1914 (is this out dated or what?) without
    passing  sentence  on  the  defendant,  upon  the  defendant  giving
    security *(with surety of $10,000) by  recognisance  of  $10,000  to
    comply with the following conditions:

    (a) that the defendant is to be of good behaviour for 3 years
    (b) -
    (c) that the defendant is to pay the costs of  the  prosecution  for
        the offences specified below of $113
    (d) that the defendant  is  to  pay  the  commonwealth  a  pecuniary
        penalty of $3000
    (e) that the defendant is  to  comply  with  the  following  further
        conditions :

        150 Community Service Hours.

   The official charges Read,

    Thirty eight (38) counts of knowingly interfering  with  a  facility
    operated  by  a  carrier,  namely  the   Australian   and   Overseas
    Telecommunication Corporation, trading as Telecom Australia, in such
    a way as to hinder the  normal  operation  of  a  telecommunications
    service supplied by the carrier,  by  use  of  a  dialling  computer
    software program which generatedunauthorise  multi  frequency  coded
    signals along a disconnected telecommunications service resulting in
    free telephone calls, contrary to section 85ZG(1) of the Crimes  Act
    1914.

    One (1) count of using a device to defraud  a  carrier,  namely  the
    Australian and Overseas Telecommunication  Corporation,  trading  as
    Telecom  Australia,   of   a   charge   properly   payable   for   a
    telecommunications service supplied by the carrier, namely by use of
    a computer  software  program  known  as  White  Box,  did  generate
    unauthorized  multi  frequency  coded  signals  along   disconnected
    telecommunication  services  resulting  in  free  telephone   calls,
    contrary to section 85ZF of the Crimes Act 1914.

    One  (1)  count  of  knowingly  connecting  to  a  telecommunication
    network, customer equipment, namely a  US  Robotics  HST  modem,  in
    respect of which a permit for  connection  to  a  telecommunications
    network was  not  in  force,  contrary  to  section  253(1)  of  the
    Telecommunications Act 1991.

    Because this was a federal case, they can attach a Schedule of other
    charges which are involved in the case.  Local police can't do  this
    but at Federal level they can, and they did!

    Seventy One (71) counts Did  knowingly  interfere  with  a  facility
    operated   by   a   carrier   namely   the    Australian    Overseas
    Telecommunication Corporation trading as Telecom Australia, in  such
    a way as to hinder the  normal  operation  of  a  telecommunications
    service supplied by the carrier, that is by the  use  of  a  dialing
    computer software program  generated  unauthorised  multi  frequency
    coded signals along a disconnected telecommunication service  namely
    XXX XXXX resulting in a free phone call, contrary to section 85ZG(1)
    of the Crimes Act 1914.

      Now I would have loved to see that in a Crimes act of 1914 wouldnt
   you?  Anyway thats what was said,  and  thats  what  happened!  Major
   Bummer!

      This overall  little  exercise cost me over $5000 dollars.  I have
   also heard lately that  several  people have been raided and have had
   their modems taken off  them.  Well our  property  seizures  took our
   HST modems and  they were  returned by order of the Judge,  so  maybe
   you guys out there should get your lawyers to look at our case?  Here
   is the info to help your Lawyers...

    IN THE COURT OF )
    PETTY SESSIONS  )
    HELD AT PERTH   )               Heard:   27 August 1992
                                    Delivered: 4th September 1992

                                    Nos. 44143-181 of 1992

                            GLEN XXXXXXXX
                            (Complainant)
                            and
                            SIMON XXXXXXXXXX
                            (defendant)

                                    Nos. 44182-217 of 1992

                            BRIAN XXXXXXX XXXXXXX
                            (Complainant)
                            and
                            MARKUS XXXXXX
                            (defendant)

    Magistrate : Mr I.G. Brown S.M.

      I have a stack  of  paper  work 3 cm thick from the case as  well,
   including full transcripts of Interviews on paper and tape.

      Paying the fines wasnt too bad,  but the  worst  thing was the 150
   hours of community service!  That was 15 weeks of HELL!  I  and  Murf
   have long since finished the work, but as Quasar pleaded  not  Guilty
   to his charges of  Conspiracy to  Defraud  (By Coding White Box)  and
   knowledge that we were  Phreaking his  court  case  was  held  months
   after hours.  He is nearly finished his community service.
 
      Well dudes, I hope this was a some what  interesting  read for you
   all and a  reminder  that the law can  catch up with  almost  anyone,
   mind you though, we were all Dobbed in so that gave them a head start
   on us! L8r, RกPMXญ


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

             - [2.3] - VOICEMAIL, THE FINAL FRONTIER - [2.3] -
                         - Written by ฎThe Pickฏ -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู


      "Captain's log, stardate 301.8003.  We are currently investigating
   an unknown cluster of executive fax boxes on the Melbourne system. No
   known default  formulas work on the boxes.  We  encountered  The Borg
   consuming various boxes..."

   Aboard the R2

    "Captain,  The  controls do not appear to be responding to any known
   commands." says DataCeidal Maniac, the only android aboard the R2.
    "Keep trying damnit! Yellow alert!" announces Captain T. Pick.
    "The Borg is entering box 2449 on Melbourne 1!" Alerts Ensign Blade.
    "God Damn!  That's my  old box!  Red Alert!  Quick  Change the voice
   signature!" shouts Captain Minnow as he loads up GoldWave (MOO.WAV)..
    "My God, What is it?" asks Officer Grudge.
    "It's an exec, Tim, but not as we know it" replies Dr. Ripmax.
    "Initiate sequence ## 3 2" Commands Mr Minnow.
    "Sequence initiated"
    "Engage"

   Aboard the Missing Link

      "Mercenary pirate ship sighted in sector 2449. Unknown entity also
   located and identified as The Borg.." says Detective Sergeant Ken Day
   in that unique trademark voice of his (you know,  the one that sounds
   like a human Telecom Director).
      "Suggested course of action: EVASIVE!!" blurts out Detective Peter
   Wilkinson.

   Aboard the R2

      "I'm sorry sir but we've lost it.. 2449 has been taken by The Borg
   and given back to Stan's Body Parts" says Dr. Ripmax.
      "Damn, that had so much sentimental value" says Captain  Minnow as
   a tear roles down his cheek.
      "Captain we are being hailed" says Officer Grudge.
      "Open Communication Frequency... On screen"  says  Captain  Minnow
   and the half grinning image of Detective Day flicks up on the screen.
      "This is Captain Jean-Luc Pick Ard of the Starship R2.  We suggest
   you clear the area immediately or suffer the consequences"
      "It's a criminal act" replies Detective Day.
      "Oh,  really,  don't you think that's starting to get monotonous?"
   asks First  Officer  Scourge.  The  grin  fades on his face as DS Day
   thinks to himself "Gee and I thought that one was original".
      "Full shields" Commands Enign Blade as the R2 turns around to face
   the Missing Link fully and DS Day's face flickers off the screen.
      "Engage group list photon torpedo's" Orders Captain Pick.
   <"Message Sent">
      "Direct hit, Captain" says Officer Maniac
   <"You have, 9 new torpedo's. To retaliate press one, to retreat press
     two, for help, press eight">
      The two tones 1336 and 852 echo throughout the Melbourne Galaxy as
   MessageBank starts on it's usual speil about  "You have just selected
   the help option from the battle menu..."
      Meanwhile the R2 is preparing to forward their second mailing list
   full of abuse mail.
   <"Message Sent">
      "Direct hit,  Captain.  The  Missing  Link  has sustained  partial
   damage to the warp drive flux inducer."
   <"Your mailbox has reached maximum capacity. Please delete some
     torpedo's or contact the system administrator">

   Aboard The Missing Link

      "Sir we have sustained too much damage!  We MUST retreat!" advises
   Detective Peter Wilkinson, pressing the 2 key. 1336, 697...
      "If we must...  But we'll be back... Warp 7,  Dr. Day..." and with
   that,  the  Missing  Link  whizzes  off to the  Federation  Territory
   Cafeteriato eat donuts and drink luke warm coffee.
      The R2 heads to NeuroCon '94 leaving the maimed voice signature of
   2449 as their mark on the Melbourne system.


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

          - [2.4] - ADVANCED SOCIAL ENGINEERING PART 1 - [2.4] -
                         - Written By FreeStyle -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   ณ The author hereby grants  permission to reproduce,  redistribute, ณ
   ณ or  include  this  file in your g - file section,  electronic  or ณ
   ณ print  newsletter,  or any other form of  transmission  that  you ณ
   ณ you  choose,  as long as it is kept  intact  and  whole,  with no ณ
   ณ with no omissions, deletions, or changes in anyway. (C) FreeStyle ณ
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ

   There is a war out there...  A world war and it's not about who's got
   the most bullets,  it's about who controls the  information.  What we
   see and  hear,  how  we work,  what we think...  It's all  about  the
   information...
                                   -  Taken from the movie " Sneakers "

   Introduction
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
      The time has come to use ALL our resources to our advantage.  Blue
   Boxing  is becoming much harder and also avoiding the  authorities in
   general is becoming a near  impossible task.  They have the equipment
   to monitor the general public and also keep track of us. Therefore we
   must exploit the loop holes for which  they foolishly left behind for
   us to find.  (nice Huh ?)  But not only computers  and also telephone
   transmissions  are we to  expolit,  but  everything  which deals in a
   electronic median.  This brings myself to the point  -  Have you ever
   wondered  what  else  I  can  accomplish?   The   answer  is   Radios
   and the telecommunication  means  by  which they travel.  I have been
   astounded  at  the number of  big  time hackers/phreakers (cyberpunks
   in general) who don't know all that  much   about  other devices  for
   their  arsenal.  We live  in  a electronic  world  nowadays  and that
   means we are also monitored more by the Government  in  everything we
   do.  But they have kindly set up great communication  networks  which
   expand across the world  with the use  of computers, telephones lines
   and  of  course   radio  communication  -  telecommunication  related
   equipment.
      You may have listened to a scanner  radio before?  It is very easy
   to  modify a radio  transceiver and  be able  to  play Mr.  Policeman
   yourself for a couple of days,  weeks,  months or even  years. hehehe
   you are all of a sudden a chief in charge of a police station perhaps
   or  just  maybe you  would like  to be able to get details of certain
   people and their  addresses and contact numbers, what color hair they
   have,  whether  they have any outstanding  warrants, etc......   This
   is all part of the governments control on  us..   but they forgot one
   thing guy's!!  They didn't count on  the cyberpunks of our generation
   to be  up  with  them or  even in  front of  them and  they are  just
   starting to realize their BIG mistake now...

   Communications
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
      The government has a great loop hole  which hackers,  phreakers or
   whatever you like to call yourself can explore. Communications by the
   general police to each other about us, this is also a very vital part
   of the cyberpunks arsonal.  There are a few people who like and  also
   enjoy playing a policeman and obtaining descriptive details of people
   and  even  government  employee's  by  the  use  of  the police's own
   communication  network.  After  all the  network  is designed to keep
   details of every one in society nowadays..
      In  every  police car  there is a police  radio and  also in every
   trunk of the car or under the seat  there is a police handheld radio.
   You can either obtain one  of these illegally or just go out and buy,
   beg  or  steal any  amateur  radio which is capable of  receiving  or
   modified to transmit on the police band. The manufacturs also realize
   that  their  radios can be  modified and they don't really bother too
   much about it,  because after all it IS  BIG  BUSINESS  and they know
   that  their will always be the inquiring mind out there  who  will be
   able  to  modify  the radio to suit their needs.  After all they make
   money out of  these people hehehe,  but hell,  a lot of companies now
   even tell you how to modify their  own  radios, but I advise you that
   it  is illegal  to transmit  on their  frequencies and there are HUGE
   fines and possible jail sentences if you decide  to do  it.  (Typical
   isn't it ?)
      At  the end of this article I have included the police frequencies
   and also codes  which are used for varies Australian states.  All the
   codes,  freq's etc...  are public  reading anyway and radio's such as
   scanners are  capable  of listening  in on the police, but cyberpunks
   want more....  they want  to  abuse these   frequencies   and use the
   information which the police has for their own advantage.  (after all
   it's information about the public anyway)

   Abusing Guidelines
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
      The police radios are Motorolla  type of transmitters.  Not all of
   them are,  but Motorolla  is one of the best brands and also the most
   expensive  on the  market.  They  all  incorporate what is known as a
   CTSS (Coded Tone Squelch System)  which is  a  separate  type of unit
   or   module  which  plugs  into  a  socket  inside  the radio.   When
   transmitting  on a  frequency you  must make  sure you  have  a  -950
   offset,  this  means that you  are listening on the receive frequency
   with  your  transmitter  and then  when you  key in your mike (or PTT
   Button)  you will  then be transmitting on a frequency which is - 950
   from the receive frequency. Most police frequencies which we want are
   located in the UHF  (Ultra High Frequency) band...  Between 450 - 470
   Mhz  their are also many other  police frequencies  which are located
   in the VHF (Very High Frequency) band, but  these we wont worry about
   for now. Because the main information is in the UHF band.


    Example  :   468.725   (Receive Frequency, listen in on this)
                 - 950
                 459.225   (Input Frequency, or transmit frequency)

      Now,  once you have got this right,  then  you must set the  radio
   transmitter to a CTSS encode frequency of  107.2  This will allow you
   to have access to the Police  repeater  network and  therefore enable
   you to speak  as well.  The CTSS  frequency may  not be the  same for
   other  states  such as WA and SA.  The 107.2 code  is  for  Victorian
   based police stations.  If you have the right frequency, you will  be
   able to  hear them but not transmit to them until you have  the  CTSS
   encoded frequency as well (which is 107.2 for Vic).
      Now if you are able to transmit, listen for a while for what other
   police men/women  are on duty and then take note of their call signs.
   If you  have  a radio  which has the CTSS encode and ALSO decode then
   you are in luck.  If  the CTSS frequency which I quoted was wrong for
   your  state  then  place  the  radio  on  decode  and  on the  police
   frequency and it will  automatically decode  the  CTSS frequency  and
   you will be able to  transmit.  Most  radios  also  have  the  decode
   function in them as well.

   What can I do?
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
      One  you  have  transmission  capability,  you  are  able to  make
   license checks  and also Male/Female IVR's etc....

   License Checks
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
      When  making a license  check make sure you  have a nice  sounding
   deep voice like a cop  and  then summon up the courage to transmit to
   the base station.  I have included in  the frequency lists what codes
   should  be used etc...  Once you  listen you will  pick up the police
   terminology quite fast.

   Example :  (Victorian Only)

   Cop -  Dandelong 303                 {303 means cop is driving a Van}
          Requesting a License Check Thanks

   Station - Go ahead Dandelong 303

   Cop -  Charlie, Victor, Oscar,  456 {Code for license plate: CVO 456}

   Station - Your Charlie,  Victor,  Oscar 456 is not listed not checked
             blah blah, blah fucken blah...
             It belongs to a Ken Day of number 63 Springvale Rd,
             Glen Waverley.
             Received that ?

   Cop - Received that THANKS !!!


      Now this is just a short little demo of what type of  conversation
   is used to obtain a license check.  Make sure you listen in first for
   about half an hour before going physco and finding out things...
      Once you get quite good at it you can can obtain Male/Female IVR's
   which  are more of a detailed description of the person involved  (or
   who you are checking up on)  this  requires the persons date of birth
   and real name.


   Example:       (A license or car check  is usually followed by a IVR)

   Cop -  Dandelong 303
          Requesting a Male IVR

   Station -  Go ahead Dandelong 303

   Cop -  Ken Day, Date of birth is :  19/12/61

   Station -  Ken Day has a no criminal history and is not currently
              wanted blah, blah fucken blah
              Received that ?

   Cop -  Yep, received that thanks !!


      Like I have stated,  the above is  ONLY a little demo of what type
   of conversation takes place etc...  This is very ILLEGAL and I advise
   anyone to watch out  because there are huge fines  and jail sentences
   if you are caught impersonating a police officer.
      Once you listen to the radio a bit more you will understand some o
   the terminology  used by the police and other government agencies.  I
   have also included the codes and frequency listings o most Australian
   states  next issue,  so it is  up  to you to  learn  how  to use them
   correctly,  as I have already told you what to do.

   Troubles With Police
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ

      This method of obtaining information on just about anyone is quite
   safe,  ONLY if you follow  these guide lines etc... If for any reason
   the  base station  asks for  your call sign again then you know  that
   they have  checked up on you  and they know that you are not on duty.
      Also  read the other  files as to what  time you should  be on and
   also what  call sign  you should  be using to increase your chances a
   lot more in obtaining what you want.
      All government  emergencies  services  have tape  back ups  of the
   conversations  which have  been played during the day and also night.
   If for any  reason they  suspect that  you have fooled  them later on
   during the  day or something,  they will  have your  voice on back up
   tape and another  department of the  police has  been rumored to scan
   AM/SSB,  UHF Citizen Radio Bands (CB) and also amateur radio bands in
   the hope of  matching up a VPI  (Voice Print Identication)  and  then
   they will track  you down  when you don't  realize it.  So it is very
   wise to limit your police  transmissions for important checks and not
   just abusing the police.
      Also the police have a direct line to the  department of transport
   and communications,  who love to track  pirate radio  people down and
   take them to court.  So it is  also wise not  to jam or make too many
   radio checks etc... from home.  So if in doubt,  stay mobile and move
   around  a fair bit,  this  reduces the chances of getting caught,  as
   they cannot  obtain a frequency  lock on you.  Or if they do you have
   moved to another place.
      Always  remember  FreeStyle's  motto - If it's a frequency you can
   use, it's a frequency to abuse!  and if worst comes to worst, and you
   are busted  then say  no comment  to everything  as they will try and
   incriminate you for anything.

   Stories to be told
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ

   Fuck the police - NWA  {whole song played, they were pissed off}
   Requesting a male IVR for  Ken Day etc...
   I want some speed and mull copper
   T1000 requesting a license check.
   I'm the biggest dope dealer and you'll NEVER find me
   help, I've been shot..
   Please get off this frequency as it is unauthorized for public use
   Fuck you Pig !
   Is that one of OUR radios sir ?
   Units please check your car for a stolen police radio ahahaha
   Yo copper, i'm so fucken drunk and wasted do ya wanna get me ?
   Would any corrupt police out there want to buy an ounce of choof ?
   shit the cops are coming man, don't worry i'll divert them ehehehe
   Cop Killer, Cop Killer tonight we get even  {whole Ice-T song played}
   shit, this guy has got a fucken criminal history as big as a book
   lets piss off man...

   Also remember my friends:       The Government Are The Real Criminals
                         Next issue: Frequencies!


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

            - [2.5] - ISP VOICE MESSAGE CENTRE PART 2 - [2.5] -
                           - Written by RiPMaX -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

                               ษออออออ[2]อออออออออออออออออออออออป
                            ฺฤฤถ APPEND TO YOUR MESSAGE.        บ
         Leaving a message  ณ  ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
         ษอออออออออออออออป  ณ  ษออออออ[3]อออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ ENTER MESSAGE บ  รฤฤถ DISCARD MESSAGE AND RE-RECORD. บ
         ศอออออออัอออออออผ  ณ  ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
         ษอออออออฯอออออออป  ณ  ษออออออ[7]อออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ   MAIN MENU   วฤฤลฤฤถ REVIEW YOUR MESSAGE.           บ
         ศอออออออัอออออออผ  ณ  ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
         ษออออออ[*]ออออออป  ณ  ษออออออ[8]อออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ WELCOME xXxXx บ  รฤฤถ MARK MESSAGE AS URGENT.        บ
         บ PLEASE  ENTER บ  ณ  ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
         บ YOUR  MAILBOX บ  ณ  ษออออออ[9]อออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ PASSWORD .... บ  รฤฤถ DELIVER MESSAGE AND EXIT.      บ
         ศอออออออัอออออออผ  ณ  ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
         ษอออออออฯอออออออป  ณ  ษออออออ[0]อออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ SEE PART NO 1 บ  ภฤฤถ DELIVER AND TALK TO OPERATOR.  บ
         ศอออออออออออออออผ     ศออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ

   Advantages and disadvantages of ISP Voice Message Centre:

   Advantages
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   System online 24 hours a day,
   Password length unknown to hackers (4-6),
   No need for #'s or *'s on calling,
   After exiting mailbox any key to restart system,
   Good features for lower level mailboxes,
   No messages length maximums.

   Disadvantages
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   Limited features compared with other systems,
   Hangs up after three password attempts (no abort),
   No executive boxes as such found.
   No people on the system!


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

          - [2.6] - MESSAGEBANK INTERSYSTEM SIGNALLING - [2.6] -
                         - Written by ฎThe Pickฏ -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู


      Most of you already know about this feature, but for you non-elite
   VoiceMail users (IS there such a thing?) 8) here is a quick  run down
   on the national  message  networking.  The basic idea is that you can
   send a message from any MessageBank  system in Australia to any other
   system on the  same network.  The state codes for the MessageBank VMB
   systems are:

      201 - Sydney MessageBank
      202 - Canberra/Newcastle/Sydney (CNS) MessageBank
      301 - Melbourne/Hobart MessageBank
      302 - Melbourne 2 MessageBank
      701 - Brisbane MessageBank
      702 - Gold Coast MessageBank (also known as Brisbane 2)
      801 - Adelaide MessageBank
      901 - Perth MessageBank

      Parramatta  Node 1 is not  available  on the network as of yet but
   will be code 200 when it goes up.  This  system will also be known as
   Sydney 2.  Melbourne 3 is not on the network  either and there are no
   indications to say that it will ever be connected to the network.
      So how do you use all of this?  I'm glad you asked (and yes I HAVE
   been watching too much Curiosity Show).  In general, you simply  type
   the three digit  state  code,  followed by star, then the VMB number,
   also followed by star. So for instance, if I wanted to send a message
   to the Sydney Telecom MessageBank system 1 system administrator's box
   you would type 201* 1008*.  At any rate, it's not very hard to figure
                  รฤู  ภฤฤด  out and  the  benifits  are  numerous.  For
   >ฤStateฤCodeฤ>ฤู  ฺฤฤฤฤู  instance, one of the nice things you can do
   >ฤBoxฤnumberฤ>ฤฤฤฤู  (if you know what you're doing)  is make a daisy
                       chain  (for lack of a better expression)  between
   all of your boxes.  That is,  have one box in Perth,  one in Brisbane
   and so on and have each box  forward all messages you receive to your
   main box,  say on the Melbourne / Hobart system which you could check
   every  day.  Another  benifit is that  you only  need one box  on one
   system to do all your messages.  No need for  dialups to other,  more
   elusive systems such as Gold Coast.
      Initial tests have shown  that the time taken  for a message to be
   delivered can be anywhere  between one and four  minutes for a normal
   message,  longer for  confidential and reply  requested  messages and
   slightly  shorter for urgent  messages,  although this  difference is
   extremely minor and may just be coincidental.  One other thing I have
   noticed is that  outgoing mail from the Melbourne/Hobart system takes
   a bit longer  (which is not entirely surprising considering it has to
   take care of Melbourne 2 and 3 as well).
      There is also talk of  international  networking  amongst  Telecom
   employees (a little birdie told me, OK?!?!) but at this stage,  there
   is not enough equipment to pull it all off.  Yet...
      Anyway,  here's a quick  update of  what box numbers  are valid on
   what systems.  Oh, and I didn't bother using proper names (Messaging,
   Answering etc.) because this is how Minnow and I had it to begin with
   on our Grand Australian VoiceMail Text (never to be released 8)).

   Canberra/Newcastle/Sydney (202)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Menu Systems
   2XXX - Menu Systems
   3XXX - Executive, Executive Fax and Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Normal Boxes
   5XXX - Menu System at 5001
   6000 - 6000 Only
   7XXX - Executive, Executive Fax and Normal Boxes
   8XXX - Only boxes 8000, 8001, 8003
   9XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes

   Melbourne/Hobart (301)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Executive Boxes
   2XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   6XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   7XXX - Infoline Boxes
   8XXX - Employees only

   Melbourne 2 (302)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   3XXX - Executive Boxes
   4XXX - Executive Boxes
   5XXX - Normal Boxes
   6XXX - Executive Boxes
   8XXX - Executive Boxes

   Melbourne 3 (No code)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Normal Boxes
   2XXX - Normal Boxes
   3XXX - Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Normal Boxes
   5XXX - Normal Boxes
   9XXX - Executive Boxes

   Brisbane (701)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   2XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   3XXX - Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   5XXX - Executive Boxes
   9XXX - 9110, 9111 Only (Executive)

   Goldcoast (702)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Normal Boxes
   6XXX - Executive Boxes
   7XXX - Executive Boxes
   8XXX - Normal Boxes
   9XXX - Executive Boxes

   Adelaide (801)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Executive Boxes
   2XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   3XXX - Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Normal Boxes
   5XXX - Normal Boxes

   Perth (901)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Executive Boxes
   2XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   3XXX - Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Normal Boxes

   Sydney (201)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Executive Boxes
   2XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes
   6XXX - Menu Systems
   7XXX - Executive Boxes

   Parramatta Node 1 (200)
   ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ
   1XXX - Normal Boxes
   2XXX - Normal Boxes
   3XXX - Normal Boxes
   4XXX - Normal Boxes
   5XXX - Normal Boxes
   8XXX - Executive and Normal Boxes


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

            - [2.7] - MESSAGEBANK EXECUTIVE FAX BOXES - [2.7] -
                           - Written by Minnow -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

      The Executive  fax box is the highest  service  level  available on
   Telecom's national Messagebank network.  Unlike the common "messaging"
   mailboxes which many hackers mistakenly refer to  as  Executive,  true
   exec boxes have the ability to recieve, store and send faxes aswell as
   voicemail.  An auto-transfer facility allows faxes to be automatically
   forwarded  to another  number based  on a programmable  schedule,  and
   faxes can  be screened  for transfer,  allowing  only  non-confidental
   faxes, all, or none to be transfered. Another feature of the executive
   box is it's two mailbox numbers. The mailbox can be accessed from both
   these numbers,  and any change to setup is mirrored on both boxes.

      One of the numbers plays the standard personal greeting, but allows
   the caller to  add a fax to  his message by pressing 3 instead of * to
   finish.  The second  mailbox number  (usually one  above or  below the
   other number) is a direct fax line.

      The advantages  of having  such a box  are obvious.  Unfortunately
   executive fax  boxes are only  available on Sydney and CNS.  The flow
   diagram below shows how to get around an exec fax box if you're lucky
   to find a  virgin.  DON'T HIJACK A SUBSCRIBERS EXEC FAX BOX.  Telecom
   charges $50/month for one, plus usage charges, and anyone paying this
   kind of money is gonna kick up a big stink if they have their mailbox
   taken off them...


   Trilogue Executive Fax box
                         ษออออออออออออออออป
          ฺฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ Main Selection วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฟ
         (1)             ศออออออออออัอออออผ                      (2)
 ษออออออออฯอออออออออออป         ษออ(3)อออป                    ษอออฯออป
 บ Listen To Messages บ     ฺฤฤฤถ Modify วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤถ Send วฤฤฤฤฤฤฟ
 ศออออออออัอออออออออออผ     ณ   ศออออออออผ                    ศออออออผ      ณ
          ณ                 ณ                                               ณ
   ษออออออฯออออออออป        ณ   ษอออออออออออป                               ณ
   บ Play Messages บ        ร(1)ถAlternativeบ                               ณ
   ศออออออัออออออัอผ        ณ   ศอออออออออออผ                               ณ
          ณ     (*)         ณ                                               ณ
          ณ      ณ          ณ                                               ณ
ฺฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤู    ษอฯอออออออป  ณ   ษออออออออออป   ษออออออออป                   ณ
ณ              บ Receive บ  ร(2)ถForwardingวฤยฤถ1 Urgentวฤฟ                 ณ
ณ              บ   Fax   บ  ณ   ศออออออออออผ ณ ศออออออออผ ณ                 ณ
ณ    ษออออออป  ศอออออออออผ  ณ                ณ ษออออออออป ณ                 ณ
ร(2)ฤถ Replyบ               ณ                รฤถ2 All   วฤด ษอออออออออออออป ณ
ณ    ศออออออผ               ภฤฤฤฤฤฤฟ         ณ ศออออออออผ รฤถ1 Main Phone บ ณ
ณ                                  ณ         ณ ษออออออออป ณ ศอออออออออออออผ ณ
ณ    ษออออออออป ษอออออออป ษออออป   ณ         ภฤถ3 None  บ ณ ษอออออออออออออป ณ
ร(3)ฤถTransferวฤถCommentวฤถSendบ   ณ           ศออออออออผ ภฤถ2 Alternativeบ ณ
ณ    ศออออออออผ ศออัออออผ ศออออผ   ณ   ษออออป               ศอออออออออออออผ ณ
ณ             ษออออฯอออออออออป     รฤฤฤถListวฤฟ                             ณ
ณ             บRecord Commentบ     ณ   ศออออผ ณ  ษออออออออป                 ณ
ณ             ศออออออออออออออผ     ณ          รฤฤถ1 Modifyบ                 ณ
ณ                                  ณ          ณ  ศออออออออผ                 ณ
ณ                                  ณ          ณ  ษออออออออป                 ณ
ณ    ษอออออป                       ณ          รฤฤถ2 Createบ                 ณ
ร(4)ฤถ Keepบ                       ณ   ษอออออปณ  ศออออออออผ                 ณ
ณ    ศอออออผ                       ภ(4)ถSetupบณ  ษออออออออป     ษอออออออออป ณ
ณ                                      ศอัอออผภฤฤถ3 Deleteบ   ฺฤถ1 Record บ ณ
ณ    ษอออออออป                           ณ       ศออออออออผ   ณ ศอออออออออผ ณ
ร(5)ฤถ Deleteบ                           ณ         ษออออออออป ณ ษอออออออออป ณ
ณ    ศอออออออผ                           ภฤฤฤฟ     บPersonalบ รฤถ2 Keep   บ ณ
ณ                                            ร(1)ฤฤถGreetingวยด ศอออออออออผ ณ
ณ    ษออออออป                                ณ     ศออออออออผณณ ษอออออออออป ณ
ภ(6)ฤถ Next บ                                ณ   ษอออออออออป ณภฤถ3 Delete บ ณ
     ศออออออผ                                ร(2)ถ  Voice  บ ณ  ศอออออออออผ ณ
  ษออออออป                    ษออออออออออป   ณ   บSignitureวฤู ษอออออออออออปณ
  บ Non  บ     ษออออออป       บ   Auto   บ   ณ   ศอออออออออผ   บDestinationวู
  บ Conf.ว(1)ยฤถ Type วฤ(1)ฤยฤถ Transfer ว(3)ด                 ศอออออัอออออผ
  ศออออออผ   ณ ศออออออผ     ณ ศออออออออออผ   ณ     ษอออออออออป    ษออฯอออป
  ษออออออป   ณ              ณ ษออออออออออป   ณ     บ Add fax ว(3)ฤถRecordบ
  บ All  ว(2)ด              ณ บ Password ว(4)ู     ศอออออออออผ    ศออัอออผ
  ศออออออผ   ณ              ณ ศออออออออออผ                          (*)
  ษออออออป   ณ              ณ              ฺฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤยฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤด
  บ None ว(3)ู              ณ              ณ           (2)          (1)
  ศออออออผ                  ณ              ณ         ษออฯอออป     ษออฯอออป
        ษอออออออออออออป     ณ              ณ         บ Send วฤฤฤฤฤถ Edit บ
        บ Destination วฤ(2)ฤด              ณ         ศออัอออผ     ศออออออผ
        ศอออออออออออออผ     ณ              ณ        ษอออฯอออออป
ษอออออป                     ณ              ภฤฤฤฤ(3)ฤถ Options วฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฟ
บ All บ    ษออออออออออป     ณ                       ศอออออออออผ          ณ
บTimesว(*)ฤถ Schedule วฤ(3)ฤู                           ษอออออออออออป    ณ
ศอออออผ    ศออัอออออออผ                                 บ Delivery  บ    ณ
              ณ                            ษออออออออป   บ Time/Date วฤ(1)ด
              ณ                            บ Urgent วฤฟ ศอออออออออออผ    ณ
          ษอออฯอออป  ษออออออออป            ฬออออออออน(1)ฤฟ  ษอออออออป    ณ
          บ Start วฤฤถ Finish บ            บ Reply  ว(2)ฤลฤฤถ Class วฤ(2)ด
          บ Time  บ  บ Time   บ            ฬออออออออน(3)ฤู  ศอออออออผ    ณ
          ศอออออออผ  ศออออออออผ            บ Delete วฤู                  ณ
                                           ศออออออออผ                    ณ
   Original By ฎThe Pickฏ for TVMBT docs                     ษออออออป    ณ
   Modified to exec fax by Minnow                            บ Send วฤ(3)ู
                                                             ศออออออผ


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

                         - [2.8] - TRASH - [2.8] -
                    - Written by Scourge and The Pick -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

   Cast:  Scourge,  The Pick,  and Minnow.

   ฤฤออ ACT I: The Journey ออฤฤ

   20:00 Discuss  weather and  oozing hoppers with Minnow,  The Pick and
         Grudge on conference.

   20:01 Minnow declares that his favourite way to die would be drowning
         in a hopper  with S12 Cal l Interception details in one hand. I
         look outside and consider the possibilities.

   20:05 Conference breaks up as Mr Pick leaves for his rendezvous with
         Minnow.

   20:10 Casually inform  Minnow on the phone  that while he was telling
         me about his experiences with Doom I had managed to smoke about
         6 cones (to make the journey all the more interesting you see).

   20:11 I ring taxi and prepare for the journey.  Pack essential  items
         and wait for taxi.

   20:25 Taxi arrives.  First leg of journey begins...

   20:30 Discuss  urinating  youths  and  old women (together) with taxi
         driver.  Stop at service station and stock up on ciggies.

   20:40 Second  leg begins.  Hmm.  I discovered there WERE limits to my
         appreciation  of  sick   behaviour  when   some  stupid  pissed
         teenyslut was telling the world about her ovulation cycles, her
         entire sex life  (pretty comprehensive for a 12 year old I must
         say) and other  completely  tasteless  topics (I mean, it would
         have been more interesting if she was older than 12,  and under
         100 pounds, but alas...).  Her boyfriend was straight but still
         appeared off colour.  I wonder why.

   21:00 Pissed guy  on bus asks me why  it is such a  problem to find a
         root  nowadays.  I tell  him I hadn't noticed,  which  seems to
         make him depressed.

   21:10  Pissed guy falls asleep, MUCH to my disappointment. Yeah right

   ฤฤออ ACT II: Rendezvous, Scout & Penetration ออฤฤ

   21:15 Meeting occurred on time,  with both The Pick and Minnow trying
         their  hardest to intimidate me with  their heights.  I'm happy
         for you both,  no really...  Action plans  where drawn up,  and
         location of site revealed.

   21:25 We  approached  the  complex,  a  rather  large  collection  of
         buildings and other structures  completely surrounded by a high
         prickly fence (now I don't mean barbed wire or anything, I mean
         BIG spikes about 3 inches long, with longer ones on the poles).
         I consider  how fun it would be to try and climb back over from
         the inside with a Rottweiler chewing off my leg.

   21:26 The Pick jumps fence and enters complex.

   21:31 Minnow jumps fence and enters complex.

   21:41 Scourge jumps fence and enters  complex,  trying not to let the
         blood from the cut on my hand (I said the fence was nasty) drip
         onto my clothes. If I wanted that I would go to a nightclub and
         spit on a bouncer.

   21:44 We duck  behind large  rolls of cable and various storage sheds
         and survey the complex before us.

   ฤฤออ ACT III: Hopper Inspection Time ออฤฤ

   21:45 "Over  there,  by the  administration  building"  Minnow  says,
         pointing toward the black cluster of shadows besides one of the
         larger structures.  We  all stealthily creep over to the hopper
         and view it's contents.

   21:46 "Holy fuck,  who wants a rotary phone?" I ask as I stare at the
         hopper  FULL  of  rotary  phones.  I  pick  up a  boxed  rotary
         (complete with bubblewrap) and move it to our place of entrance
         as  Minnow and  The Pick dig around to see if there is anything
         else worth taking.

   21:50 We move on and inspect the complex further.

   21:53 "Hopper  alert"  I  say,  pointing  to  a large  hopper.  After
         examination  though  we  were  disappointed  as  the hopper was
         overflowing  (once  again,  these  guys  should really  put the
         rubbish  out on time  or something)  with  what appeared  to be
         domestic waste.  After perusing a few bags we give up, as there
         is WAY too much shit to go through effectively. It was too full
         to jump in, and too smelly to take anyway. Not a scrap of paper
         was to be seen.  We move on.

   22:00 "Hopper at 12 o'clock!"  The Pick says, and lo and behold there
         was.  We creep over to it...    10 metres...  5 metres...   2..
         1.. "My fucking GOD" someone hisses, as we inspect the contents
         of the hopper. As before, with the rotary phones EXCEPT it will
         OVERFLOWING with  Touchfone 200s!!!  We grab T200s until we can
         carry no more and move off into an isolated part of the complex
         to inspect our booty.

   22:15 "I've only got 3 boxed T200 sets,  I'll be back in a sec"  says
         Mr Pick.  Leaving  Minnow and myself to dismantling the pile of
         T200s in front  of us into  more  transportable  components.  I
         light a ciggie,  happy with life.  Minnow  stuffs  his backpack
         until  it can  fit no  more,  and  Mr Pick and I grab a pile of
         phones and prepare to move back to our entrance location.

   22:30 We  arrive  at our  entrance  location  and send Minnow over to
         stash the hoard of T200s so we can get on with ACT IV. He jumps
         over after some painful moment and we begin handing phones over
         the fence in bundles of 3.

   22:35 We continue handing over bundles of phones.

   22:40 Minnow  hands me  my bag,  containing  various  mind  enhancing
         implements,  and I set  up our Telecom  Memorial  Session site.
         Minnow  then jumps back over the fence so he can join in on the
         fun.

   ฤฤออ ACT IV: Smoking with the Enemy ออฤฤ

   22:45 The first  cone is lit,  and the hash pipe move briskly  around
         the circle.  TIME BECOMES BLURRED AND  BEGINS TO BE REPRESENTED
         IN TERMS OF DIGESTED CONES  RATHER THAN  HOURS AND MINUTES.  We
         are  still on Telecom  property,  and plan to be for awhile.  A
         quaint little NeuroCactus custom is in the foetal stages.

   Cone5  The Pick: "Did you get 7 or 8 wall units?"
          Scourge: "Small details escape me when I am in a higher  level
                   of consciousness - Did I just  have  a cone or is  it
                   yours?"

   Cone9  Minnow:  "I will have to make a conference box for sure.  Have
                   a look at $$$$$ and see if I can stop the voltage
                   loss"
          The Pick: "Yes, most definitely."
          Scourge: "I think I may have to do the same, get some nice big
                   conferences going - Umm, who's cone is it?"

   Cone13 The Pick: "I think I'll piss in this tube as a present for the
                    workers (not)"
          Scourge: "Hey, that's  really  thoughtful  of you.  I  mean, I
                   guess it is the season for giving now isn't it.  Hey,
                   is that a chicken on the road?"
          Minnow:   "Damn, T200s here, T200s there"
          Scourge:  "Did you just have a cone?  Or is it mine?"
          The Pick: "Man, where did I put my wallmounted T200 pile?"

   23:58 The  rotary is returned to it's new home [Who needs it anyway?]

   00:00 We migrate  back over  the fence  (pretty amusing) and pack our
         booty for the trek home.  Briefly think about what would happen
         if I were  hassled by the cops,  and if  they happen  to see  a
         handset  trailing out  of my bulging bag.  I cease this thought
         for  fear of generating enough negative energy to actually MAKE
         one appear  and think  of the practicalities  of just getting a
         taxi all the way home.  I decide this is a better idea.

   00:05 We conclude it was a successful mission even though we found no
         papers or interesting  information,  but well worth the  effort
         just for the T200s.

   00:10 We then  decide the journey home would require more cones,  and
         stop for another session under a busy road.

   01:00 I arrive home  after an uneventful taxi ride home,  carrying my
         bulging bag of T200s.

   Conclusions:  

   o  People pay $80 for T200s.  We think it's fucking SICK that Telecom
      decided to throw these out.  There were HUNDREDS lying there.

   o  Memorial  Sessions are k00l.  I think we should make it a trashing
      tradition.

   o  Scourge should pay more attention to the order of cones.

   o  Scourge should pay more attention.

   o  Taxi drivers live boring lives.

   o  Teenagers go berserk over the holidays.  

   Total NeuroCactus T200 count:  17  T200s  (That's all we could carry)
   including wall mounts and T200s with  nice new Telecom logos on them.

      In retrospect a very useful expedition. The Pick has just finished
   making one of those beautiful little headset phones (like the Telecom
   Operators :)), Minnow is about to make a conference box, and Scourge.
   Well... let's just  say that when  the phone rings  he gets  confused
   wondering which one to pick up. Bloody druggo :)  Anyway, this is The
   Pick and Scourge signing off...

   Came one Thursday night 
   And a-trashing we did go
   The Pick, Minnow, Scourge and backpack
   Seeking goods to stow
                                              Rotary phones were aplenty 
                                              But touchfones were astray
                                        However we promised to ourselves
                                               To stay till light of day
   Then we saw the dumpster
   (and boy the sight was gory)
   Dozens of dismembered Touchfones
   But most in all their glory
                                           Apicking touchfones we did go
                                           (The exercise without a snag)
                                         Many Touchfones were dismantled
                                               And stowed in Minnows bag
   After bags were full and packed
   And many fones were stoked
   We decided on Telecom grounds 
   That cones were to be smoked
                                            Smoke we did and toke we did
                                                  And headed on our ways
                                           Next morning waking up at ten
                                                Not remembering for days
   Many moons shall we remember
   The night we trashed the dump
   Of Telecom, the Big Brother
   And their fences we did jump


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

                   - [2.9] - PAYPHONE OVERVIEW - [2.9] -
                           - Written by Blade -

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

                             ฤอ GREENFONES อฤ

      These old rotary fones are very easy to phreak. Unfortunately they
   are becoming  very rare as  they are being  ripped out to be replaced
   with cardfones.
      All you  have to  do is  dial  the  number ya  want and  once it's
   ringing dial 0's.  If the  called party  picks up the fone while your
   dialling you  can speak for a few  seconds then  it will hang up. The
   reason  it doesn't  hang up  straight away  is it  thinks  your still
   dialling  and soon as it realised your connected it will hang up.  To
   get around  this every few seconds dial 1 (the quickest pulse number)
   so it doesn't realise your connected and so it wont hang. This method
   takes some practice and is very annoying but hey,  it's free...
      Another  way to call for free from the ancient Greenfone is to zap
   the  beast.  To get a zapper all ya hafta do is jump your  neighbours
   fence,  find their  gas-water heater  and rip the  'zapper' out of it
   (it lights the pilot light).  Just take your  zapper,  listen for the
   dialtone,  zap  the earpiece  and tap the  receiver.  If  you've been
   successful it won't beep and hangup (ie. you should have a continuous
   dialtone).  Then dial away!

                             ฤอ BLUEFONES อฤ
      I haven't found a way to scam these fones. Zapping Bluefones kills
   them for good.  I'm sure  there's a  maintenance  code which lets you
   access various functions but i haven't been able to get it.

                             ฤอ GOLDFONES อฤ
      Goldfones are kool. All you hafta do with these is.. Lift handset,
   listen for dialtone,  press the follow-on button (don't hold it down)
   then hold  down the receiver.  If you  get a continuous dialtone then
   dial away.  If the dialtone cut's out then let go of the receiver and
   do it again.  You must hold down the  receiver while  connected or it
   will hang up.
      Another  way to bypass the coin mechanism is to zap  the earpiece.
   Once the LED screen display blanks out you can dial. Don't forget the
   owner will get the bill  so don't do this at your parent's shop (well
   maybe)...

                             ฤอ CARDFONES อฤ
      Yet again the zapper comes into play. This works on coin/cardfones
   and  cardfones.  Insert  a fonecard and place your call.  Keep an eye
   on your credit and when your  about to run out zap the ear/mouthpiece
   until the fone resets itself.  Keep  zapping until the fone starts to
   spit out  your card.  If you don't zap  it enough  it will  take your
   valuable  credit.  The fone then dials a number and runs through some
   test and will be ready for your next call soon.
     
      I don't  mind releasing  this information as  Greenfones are being
   replaced by Cardfones,  Telecom is pushing Bluefones rather than Gold
   fones and  it would cost too much to upgrade Cardfones.  I cannot see
   this information killing these methods any quicker than before it was
   released.. Later all..  Blade.

   Greets to:  Lucifer,  Syntax,  Anthrax,  Jack Deth,  Cairo.


   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

   If you would like to contact us,  call the NeuroCactus support centre
   on 0014 800 126 919 (Australian Business Hours ONLY). Box Number 3140
   That number again:  0014 800 126 919 * 3140.  You can also leave us a
   message on  Chiba City  BBS  (NeuroCactus World HQ) on +61-6-NOT-4YOU

   ฒฑฐ ฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿    ฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿฿ ฐฑฒฟ
   ฒฑฐ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ    ฿฿  ฿฿ ฿฿  ฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฐฑฒC
   ฒฑฐ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿ ฿ ฿ ฿฿฿฿ ฿  ฿ ฿  ฿ ฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฐฑฒh
   ฑฐ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿฿    ฿฿  ฿฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฐฑi
   ฐ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ    ฿฿ ฿฿   ฿฿       ฿฿  ฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฐb
    ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿฿  ฿  ฿ ฿  ฿ ฿ ฿฿฿    ฿ ฿ ฿ ฿ ฿  ฿ ฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ a
    ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ C
    ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿฿  ฿฿       ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ i
    ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ ฿    ฿  ฿  ฿฿  ฿ ฿ ฿ ฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤ t
    ฤฤฤฤ ฿  ฿฿฿    ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿ ฿฿    ฿฿฿ ฤฤฤฤ y
    ฤฤฤฤ    ฿฿     ฿฿       ฿฿           ฿฿ ฤฤฤฤ ณ
   ฿฿฿฿฿ ฿  ฿  ฿฿฿฿  ฿฿  ฿  ฿  ฿฿   ฿฿  ฿  ฿  ฿฿    ฿  ฿฿  ฿฿฿  ฿฿฿฿฿B
           ฤ Minnow ฤ Grudge ฤ ฎThe Pickฏ ฤ Scourge ฤ Blade ฤ        b
                ฤ Deicidal Maniac ฤ FreeStyle ฤ RกPMX ฤ             s
   ู

   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ   ณ
  ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู ภลู

