        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    1





                                                              Compacs 1991
                                                           March 19th 1991








                LIMITS OF THE LAW IN RESTRICTING COMPUTER MISUSE
                ================================================



                                  Peter Sommer
                                 MA(Oxon), MBCS

                           Virtual City Associates, UK



             This paper is designed to accompany a presentation to be 
             made on March 19th 1991 at Compacs 1991 at the London Hilton 
             Hotel.



        In this paper I want to examine how much we can reasonably expect 
        the legal system to deliver to us by way of safeguarding 
        computers and what goes on within them.  I will be doing so 
        specifically by looking at the process by which the UK Computer 
        Misuse Act of 1990 (CMA) arrived on the statute book and in 
        particular how the pressure for "computer crime" legislation 
        built up, the claims that were made during the lobbying process 
        and what the Act actually delivers by way of remedy to potential 
        victims.   But I will also show what it does not deliver and 
        where all legislation of this type is doomed to disappoint.  

        I hope what I have to say will go beyond the parochial needs of a 
        British audience.  In the end, the framing of laws has to be a 
        specific and practical exercise,  not the enunciation of 
        generalised principles.  "Computer laws" have to interrelate with 
        the rest of the law.  In turn, all substantive law has to 
        interact with the facilities available by way of enforcement; and 
        that means looking at rules of admissibility of evidence,  
        policing, the prosecution service and the reality of the courts.  
        These considerations have have been strikingly absent in most of 
        the recent debates about computer crime legislation wherever 
        they have been held almost anywhere in the world.




                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    2



        Problem of public perceptions about "computer crime"

        The first problem any proposal for a computer crime statute has 
        to cope with is public perception of the nature and extent of 
        computer crime.  It is the perception of the problem rather than 
        the actuality which has such a profound influence on what finally 
        happens in the determining of public policy,  in Parliament, 
        among law enforcers, and in board rooms.  

        While the broad public thinks there is a lot of "computer crime" 
        there turns out to be no agreed definition of what should be 
        included.  Are we talking about anti-social activities in which 
        computer files are directly manipulated (there is surprisingly 
        little of that in the attested material in the computer crime 
        case books) or do we broaden it out to situations in which 
        computers are physically involved (in which case you also include 
        theft of computer hardware)?  Should we be taking a strict 
        literalist approach - that the only computer crimes are 
        transgressions of laws which already mention the word "computer"?  
        This last provides a bit of dilemma for pressure groups - how 
        then do you produce evidence for the need for a new computer 
        crime statute?    None of these definitions is more "correct" than 
        any other - my point is the absence of any agreement as to which 
        to adopt.  Parenthetically one can add that there is even less 
        agreement as to what "hacking" is - usage of the word varies all 
        the way from "computer enthusiast" (and with no under- or over-
        tones) to "computer criminal" and includes "explorer of computer 
        networks" and "recreational system cracker" along the way.

        In the absence of any consensus, the definition of "computer 
        crime" can be made to do almost anything you want.  If you are in 
        the computer security business, your marketing strategy must be 
        to go for as wide a definition as possible.  You cheerfully 
        include all the large electronic funds transfer (EFT) frauds 
        because, although all the known examples rely on abuse of 
        (manually-based) authorities or simple impersonation and the 
        computer systems centrally employed have never been compromised, 
        the sums involved are always in the millions.  On the other hand, 
        if you are the head of a police force faced with ever more 
        insistent demands for greater efficiency in all areas of your 
        remit coupled with complaints about the growth of your annual 
        budget and the poor quality of your manpower, there is a lot to 
        said for claiming that computer crime (on a restricted 
        definition) is only a tiny problem.

        The lack of an agreed definition also means that all computer 
        crime statistics are nonsense - no one knows what is being 
        measured.  Of course the problem with computer crime statistics 
        goes far beyond that - once you have your definition,  how do you 
        reliably collect your data?  The official crime statistics 
        reflect breaches of specific statutes and common law offences, 
        not modus operandi.  How do you assess unreported crime?  We 
        don't have even the beginnings of an idea of how much of white 
        collar crime in general goes unreported;  this is currently one 
        of the great gaps in modern criminological research.   

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    3




        The difficulty with computer crime statistics gets worse when it 
        comes to estimating the costs of computer crime.  What do you 
        include - sums actually lost, sums the subject of failed 
        attempts,  sums "at risk" (the phrase used by the police fraud 
        squads, though with no agreement as to whatever that means), 
        consequential losses (but then how far down the line of causation 
        do you go?).  Again, there is no "correct" answer.

        None of these obvious problems have prevented otherwise 
        respectable organisations and individuals from associating 
        themselves with quite definite figures.  The Confederation of 
        British Industries, the leading employer's body in the UK,  
        throughout 1989 and 1990 kept on quoting the figure of œ400m 
        though what this represented - "computer crime" or "hacking" 
        tended to vary.    Pushed hard, they acknowledged they 
        themselves had done no research but said what they had came from 
        the London Business School.  Enquiries at the library there 
        showed no LBS-sponsored work; I think I have tracked the 
        "statistic" down to a press release from a corporate security 
        security company called Saladin who took advice from an LBS 
        staff-member but the research, if it exists, remains unpublished.  
        The Department of Trade and Industry,  in figures released just 
        before the Second Reading of the Computer Misuse Bill in February 
        1990, said they had verified 270 computer crime incidents over 
        the previous five years,  of which only six had been brought to 
        court.  Enquiries of the DTI showed that they had conducted a 
        "survey of surveys" - and no, they couldn't offer their working 
        definition of what they were measuring.

        A convenient get out for those who have intellectual doubts about 
        the figures they quote is the use of the impersonal passive 
        tense:.. "it is estimated".  And if pressed, respond not by 
        explaining statistical methods but by producing a lurid anecdote 
        and/or forecast.  

        A very important component in the formation of public perception 
        has been the role of media reporting.  There is an inevitable 
        bias in the newspaper and television coverage of anything 
        towards the unusual - computer crime is no different,  except 
        that, with a few exceptions, the level of verification seems to 
        be lower than for most stories except perhaps those alleging 
        scandals among tv soap stars.   Among the lazier sort of 
        journalist, the premium is to get a story which conforms to 
        stereotypes they have already accepted. I have received the 
        request "Get me a hacker, the younger the better," from more than 
        one mass circulation daily newsdesk.  A related bias is that the 
        "experts" quoted are those who are prepared to make the most 
        outrageous claims and forecasts.  The "expert quote" in fact 
        provides the reporter with an alibi or makeweight for an 
        otherwise dubious story.  It takes courage for an expert in the 
        contacts book of a national newspaper's newsdesk to forswear the 
        opportunity of a free appearance in print by killing off a story 
        which he knows does not make sense.  


                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    4



        Any examination of the actual case material from first-hand or 
        near-first-hand sources as opposed to the clippings libraries of 
        the national media - and there is now over twenty years of it - 
        shows that standards of scholarship in the reporting and 
        analysis of computer crime are absymally low - but that is a 
        subject for another paper.

        Yet again, sensational claims made by prosecutors and police at 
        the beginning of trials is news, the failure eventually to 
        produce evidence for them is usually not.  This is a repeating 
        pattern: we saw it here in the UK in the Prince Philip Prestel 
        case, in Germany with the Chaos Club/KGB hackers affair and we 
        have seen it as recently as the end of 1990 in the USA over 
        Operation Sun Devil and the Legion of Doom.  There are still 
        people who believe that in 1985 New Jersey hackers were able to 
        move satellites in space, all based on prosecutor claims that in 
        court were shown to have been the result of hysteria and 
        ignorance.

        I have spent some time talking about public perceptions because 
        one of the things that new legislation can never do is remedy  
        situations which substantially do not exist, at least in the 
        forms in which the public have come to believe. There is one 
        exception to this to which I will return at the end.



        Perceptions about "computer law"

        The misperceptions about computer crime are accompanied by 
        another one - that you need specific new laws to tackle the 
        generality of computer-related crime.  There is a wealth of 
        obvious rhetoric about the sloth of law reform and the 
        unworldliness of lawyers,  not all of which is justified.  So the 
        "logic" is complete:  we have a radically new area of criminal 
        activity called computer crime, committed by a new class of 
        person - the computer criminal or hacker, and for which, 
        obviously, completely new laws - computer crime laws - are 
        required.  Most of the rest of this paper will show the false 
        directions in which this logic has lead us.

        In fact, the "logic" is easily broken down. In its Working Paper 
        110 published in September 1988, the English Law Commission 
        (ELC), the official body concerned with reviewing and 
        recommending law reform, examined Computer Misuse and listed out 
        the areas where existing English law already delivered remedies.  
        These included: the Theft Acts which cover both routine street 
        crimes and fraud and are the means by which most electronic funds 
        transfer frauds have been prosecuted;  Conspiracy, a complex 
        concept in English Law the essence of which is two or more people 
        working together for an unlawful purpose; Demanding Money with 
        Menaces, the actual charge in most cases of blackmail and 
        extortion;  Criminal Damage, which covers the intentional or 
        reckless damaging of property and which applies in some but 
        perhaps not all computer situations (we will return to this 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    5



        matter);  Offences Against the Person, which include physical 
        wounding, manslaughter and murder, which would presumably apply 
        if a computer-run machinery were maliciously directed to attack 
        an individual);   Official Secrets, which covers access to 
        government computers (the only offenders actually charged have 
        been policemen doing favours for friends or, in one case, trying 
        to win a competition at a gasoline station);  Forgery and 
        Counterfeiting, which applies to the forging of mag stripe cards 
        and other authenticators (there are limitations to this which 
        will also be examined later); there are also limited criminal 
        sanctions available in the Copyright Acts.

        The English Law Commission found some loopholes and exceptions 
        which I will examine later,  but what they showed in an 
        authoritative and compact form was what was evident to anyone who 
        had studied the case-books of British computer crime.  That is:  
        that nearly all of the activity that one could include in a 
        definition of "computer crime" was not only punishable within 
        existing English law, but that there had been any number of 
        convictions. 


        The process of law reform

        Working Paper 110 enraged those who wanted tough legislation.  
        The Law Commission had produced a list of technical reforms 
        throughout the penal calendar but, on what many had persuaded 
        themselves was the central issue - a new offence of "unauthorised 
        access to a computer", the Commission was agnostic, asking for 
        evidence that any action was necessary. 

        The English Law Commission had not been the first to comment on 
        computer law reform.  England and Scotland have separate 
        though similar legal systems and the Scottish Law Commission had 
        produced a consultative paper in 1986 (which incidentally 
        contains a useful summary of international legislation) with a 
        final report following in 1987.  The SLC had recommended a new 
        offence of unauthorised access to a computer:

             1 (1) A person commits an offence if, not having authority 
             to access a program or data stored in a computer, or to a 
             part of such program or data, he obtains such unauthorised 
             access in order to inspect or otherwise acquire knowledge of 
             the program or data or to add to, erase or otherwise alter 
             the program with the intention - 
                  (a) of procuring an advantage to himself or another 
                  person; 
                  (b) of damaging another person's interests
               (2) A person commits an offence, if not having authority 
             to obtain access to a program or data stored in a computer, 
             or to part of such program or data, he obtains such 
             unauthorised access and damages another person's interests 
             by recklessly adding to, erasing or otherwise altering the 
             program or data


                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    6




        To many English lawyers the tests for proof seemed to be too 
        vague to be practical and left too much to judicial 
        interpretation.

        But what had really stimulated English demand for legislation was 
        the case of R v Gold & Schifreen, which in 1988 had gone to the 
        highest court in the land, the House of Lords.  Gold and 
        Schifreen were two out of four hackers who had penetrated British 
        Telecom's public access database service Prestel in 1984.  They 
        had not employed any great skill in doing so but had exploited 
        the fact that British Telecom had broken almost every rudimentary 
        rule in the computer security book.  The system manager had an 
        obvious password (it was discovered by accident and not as a 
        result of any clever password-cracking program), the test 
        environment had a password which showed on its log-in page, and 
        the test environment contained live data.  When the hackers 
        contacted BT they were quickly told the problem was under control,  
        though in fact the hackers could soon tell it was not.  
        Eventually the hackers gave the story to the press and BT's 
        reaction was to "get" the perpetrators.  One can only speculate 
        on what might have happened had the hackers gone to an upmarket 
        paper instead of a popular one, the Daily Mail.  Perhaps we would 
        have seen high-level sackings in BT rather than the launching of 
        expensive traps to catch the message-bearers.  

        Gold and Schifreen were caught after their telephone lines had 
        been monitored; they were charged under the Forgery and 
        Counterfeiting Act, 1981.  This was, to say the least, a 
        prosecution experiment as this act had never previously been used 
        in such a case.  No charges were preferred under such easier 
        headings as theft or conspiracy to defraud - many of us still 
        don't understand why.  The legal problem for the courts was that 
        whatever they had done wasn't forgery, which in English law 
        requires that an "instrument" be forged - typing characters into 
        a computer which then immediately accepts them does not create an 
        "instrument".  This was the point that actually pre-occupied the 
        House of Lords.  

        To the lay public,  however, the House of Lords seemed to be 
        saying that anyone can "hack" and get away with it.  The English 
        Law Commission had started work before the Gold and Schifreen 
        judgement but had delayed publication of its working (that is, 
        initial consultative) paper until the result was known.

        The Confederation of British Industries and the member of 
        parliament who was to become the strongest advocate of tough 
        legislation, Emma Nicholson, felt deep disappointment at the 
        double blow to their perceptions of the "computer crime problem".  
        People began to speak of English law as providing a Hacker's 
        Charter. Emma Nicholson introduced an Anti-Hacking Bill in 1989 
        under a "no hoper" procedure which meant that while it had no 
        chance of becoming law it would get some publicity,  perhaps for 
        future legislation which would then have proper backing.  The 
        Bill contained phrases picked up from the Scottish Law 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    7



        Commission's proposals but also sought to cover electronic 
        eavesdropping of VDU radiation, a subject which had recently also 
        captured public imagination.  The Anti-Hacking Bill was deeply 
        impractical but served its main purpose of heightening public 
        interest,  not to say hysteria,  in the subject.  

        In the meantime the English Law Commission was preparing its 
        final report, and was subject to very heavy lobbying to change 
        their previously agnostic position.   The final report came out 
        in record time, six months after the ending of the formal 
        consultative process following its Working Paper.  Published in 
        September 1989 the ELC proposed three new offences, all to do 
        with "unauthorised access to a computer".   Unusually for them, 
        and as a result of the short time available for report writing, 
        they included no draft bill, just a set of ideas. We will examine 
        these in detail shortly.

        The conservative government felt unable to make immediate room in 
        its legislative plans for any new bill along these lines.  There 
        is a procedure by which back-bench MPs can enter a lottery for the 
        right to introduce a bill which then has considerable chance of 
        getting on to the statute book.  One such successful MP, Michael 
        Colvin, agreed to take the bill on.  In the absence of official 
        help, he received informal technical support from the Department 
        of Trade and Industry (who do not normally handle criminal 
        legislation) and also from the "tough laws needed"  lobbyists. 

        It became very difficult for those who dissented to appear as 
        anything other than "soft" on computer crime.  Start talking 
        about the existing law in any detail and your audience thought 
        you were using your cleverness to obscure both the truth and your 
        "real" agenda.  Begin querying the validity of the statistics and 
        the veracity of the some of the anecdotes and you were soon told 
        (a) the information came from sources that couldn't possibly be 
        made public and (b) all respectable people "knew" what was 
        happening anyway.  What "computer crime" was, how it related to 
        "hacking" and how how all of this related to what the proposed 
        legislation purported to do became steadily less and less clear.  
        In fact, what we had was all the classic symptoms of popular 
        moral panic on a par with fears about rock n'roll music in the 
        '50s, pschydelia in the '60s, trans-sexual glam-rock in the '70s, 
        acid house parties in the late '80s and youth-rebellion clothing 
        styles anytime in the last forty years.


        The new law

        What had happened was that the English Law Commission had 
        forgotten the general guidelines for law reform that it had 
        originally set itself and which in turn had been handed down from 
        the Home Office back in 1982: 
         
                 that: 
                 the behaviour is so serious that it goes beyond what it
                 is proper to deal with on the basis of compensation as

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    8



                 between one individual and another and concerns the public
                 interest in general (that is, civil procedures are not 
                 enough)

                 criminal sanctions should be reserved for dealing with
                 undesirable behaviour for which other,  less drastic means
                 of control would be ineffective,  impracticable or
                 insufficient
         
                 a new offence should be enforceable


        The Bill and now the Act has a superficial elegance. There are 
        three computer misuse offences - section 1: "unauthorised access 
        to computers and/or computer material",  section 2: "unauthorised 
        access with intent to commit or facilitate the commission of 
        further offences" and section 3: "unauthorised modification of 
        computer material".  The last of these is intended to catch 
        designers of logic bombs and viruses.     The section 2 offence 
        is concerned with attempts,  involving computers,  to commit 
        further serious offences, such as theft or blackmail. If you have 
        prepared to commit such an offence but have been unable to 
        complete the deed, you can be charged under Computer Misuse.  
        Section 2 and 3 offences attract penalties of up to 5 years in 
        prison.

        Section 1 is the one that aims at "hacking":  for a prosecution 
        to be successful, it must be shown that the person secured access 
        to a program or data, that the access was unauthorised and that 
        the perpetrator knew that the access was unauthorised.  However, 
        there is no need to show that the unauthorised access was 
        directed at any particular bit of data, or program, or even any 
        particular computer. This section attracts a maximum penalty of 
        six months.  Section 1 may also be used where there is 
        insufficient evidence to catch an offence under sections 2 or 3.

        The Act also attempts to address the problem of international 
        computer crimes - where computer connections are made across 
        several national boundaries.  In this it anticipates what needs 
        to be done to cover the growing problem of international fraud of 
        all kinds.

        Closer examination, though, removes much of the initial gloss. To 
        take the three principle offences in reverse order:  Section 3 - 
        unauthorised alteration of programs and data - was introduced to 
        overcome a supposed gap in the Criminal Damage Act of 1971 which 
        was thought by some academic lawyers not to be easily applicable 
        to "data", data not being "property".  In fact there had been 
        successful prosecutions involving altered computer data - by 
        showing that the consequence had been damage to some physical 
        property - Cox v Riley  in 1986.  (In that case it was program 
        instructions for an electric saw which had been deliberately 
        altered). Criminal damage was the charge in two recent logic bomb 
        cases - R v Tallboys in May 1986 where a prank by a former 
        computer employee of Dixons went wrong and R v McMahon, which 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    9



        concluded at Isleworth Crown Court in January 1988.  Moreover as 
        the Computer Misuse Act was passing through its final stages in 
        the House of Lords (this time acting as a Second Chamber to the 
        legislature and not as a final Court of Appeal as in the Gold and 
        Schifreen case) a "pure" hacking case - that of Nicholas Whiteley 
        - was successfully concluded with a Criminal Damage conviction in 
        the precise circumstances that the Law Commission had thought 
        might not be possible.   What we are left with now, though,  is 
        not duplicated legislation but weakened legislation.  For the 
        Computer Misuse Act now forbids the use of the Criminal Damage 
        Act in cases involving unauthorised access to data.  In future 
        these cases must be put through the tests required of the 
        Computer Misuse Act, that is, that there must be access to 
        something which is not precisely defined in the legislation, 
        namely a computer, and that such access must be unauthorised.  I 
        will return to this matter in moment.  What this also does is to 
        remove from the prosecutor the opportunity to attack reckless 
        behaviour.  The Criminal Damage Act penalises both those who act 
        deliberately and also those who act with a reckless disregard of 
        the consequences - "I was just typing the words DEL on the screen 
        to see what would happen and had no idea that files would be 
        deleted..."   The end effect of section 3 is to weaken what we 
        had before.


        Section 2 - unauthorised access for the purpose of committing a 
        serious criminal offence looks stern stuff.  But it always has 
        been an offence itself to attempt to commit an offence, even if 
        the substantive offence remains uncommitted.  It is only by a 
        miniscule sliver that section 2 alters any requirement for the 
        standard of proof in establishing when such an attempt has taken 
        place.  Section 2 is a makeweight.

        With section 1, the simple "unauthorised access" offence, the ELC 
        had problems.  First, they recognised that there were serious 
        arguments whether these actions should be criminalised at all, as 
        opposed, say, to making them a civil wrong like trespass to land.  
        (There is still no equivalent of trespass to a computer). In 
        making it a criminal offence it was clear that heavy punishment 
        was not appropriate (though in fact the Act doubles the penalties 
        the ELC proposed).  The ELC spoke of the offence setting 
        society's mark of disapproval on such activity.  The trouble is 
        this clashed directly with the principles for the justification 
        for the introduction of new crimes which they had set themselves.  
        In the UK, as in most countries,  police powers of enforcement 
        tend to be directly related to the penal levels specified for an 
        offence - the more serious the offence the greater the greater 
        the freedom the police have to seize potential evidence and 
        suspects without getting permission first;  for most purposes 
        this is enshrined in the 1984 Police and Criminal Evidence Act.  
        The unauthorised access crime was not a "serious arrestable" 
        offence so, despite lobbying by Emma Nicholson,  police powers 
        were limited, though still exceed the usual PACE criteria. 

        British industry has no idea under what threats it would have 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    10



        operated had Ms Nicholson and her colleagues had their way. For 
        powers of seizure of evidence are not limited to those computers 
        belonging to alleged perpetrators.  In fact the domestic and 
        small PCs owned by most "hackers" are unreliable sources of 
        admissible evidence.  Often the really useful material comes from 
        computers owned by the alleged victims and from within any other 
        computers used as part of the network journey from the alleged 
        perpertrator to the alleged victim.  Under Ms Nicholson's 
        proposals, a police constable armed with a warrant from a lay 
        magistrate (respectively the lowest rank of policeman and the 
        lowest rank of judicial life) would have been able to march into 
        any company and seize all data, software and hardware that was 
        deemed necessary for the investigation in hand.  The threat 
        hasn't entirely vanished under the present legislation,  but 
        higher ranks of policemen and a High Court judge must be 
        involved.    Those who think this is a theoretical concern should 
        examine the US Operation Sun Devil in which 44 separate raids 
        took place at the end of which there were three limited 
        convictions and large numbers of quite innocent computer owners 
        carrying heavy losses because federal authorities acted 
        foolishly, even hysterically,  but within their legal powers.

        In any event, section 1 of the Computer Misuse Act is all but 
        unenforceble, a matter to which I will come back a little later 
        on.

        Let me now return to two matters common to all three clauses - 
        that access must be shown to be "unauthorised" and that there 
        must be a "computer" involved.  Does this include the secretary 
        who uses her word-processor in the lunch-hour (she's altering 
        data so this is a section 3 - five years maximum penalty - 
        offence)?  What about the neighbour to whom you loan your house-
        keys and who, because her washing machine has broken down, 
        borrows yours?  The washing machine has a chip and ROM inside it. 
        Another possible section 3 offence.  Or the auto mechanic who 
        offers you a new performance-boosting chip to add to your 
        vehicle's engine management system?  Section 3 again.  Even 
        private use of a company's PABX may be drawn into the Computer 
        Misuse Act.  Of course that was not the intention,  but I can see 
        no reason why the words shouldn't be made to apply.

        So what we have is an act weaker in one important effect than the
        legislation it was supposed to correct, new police powers of 
        seizure which potentially can have many innocent victims and 
        which introduces at least as many uncertainties in interpretation 
        as it claims to have solved.  Matters do not end here, though. 

        

        What the Act left out

        In its 1988 Working Paper the English Law Commission had 
        highlighted a number of defects in the existing law and others 
        had been noted during the public debates.  I can't deal with all 
        of them here,  but there are some matters which should be 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    11



        identified.


        Deception
        The first of these is deception which is covered in sections 15, 
        16 and 20(2) of the Theft Act 1968 - obtaining goods or services 
        by deception.  The general view among lawyers is that it is only 
        humans that can be deceived - not machines.  The Law Commission 
        identified the problem in its Working Paper 110 but in their 
        Final report said that they would have to look at the matter 
        again sometime in the future.  Interestingly enough, a extension 
        of the law of deception would "solve" many of the simple 
        unauthorised access cases (including the situation in R v Gold & 
        Schifreen) in that the usual consequence of unauthorised access 
        is that computer and database services are thereby obtained.  


        Admissibility of Evidence
        The second important defect in the existing law relates to the 
        rules of admissibility of evidence of computer-based materials. 
        It is no good having substantive laws if it is difficult to 
        produce evidence in a form which is acceptable to the courts.  A 
        number of lawyers believe that the current rules,  which are set 
        out in section 69 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act, 1984, 
        can in some circumstances become unworkable.  The problem is 
        this:   before evidence can be introduced the court requires a 
        certificate to say that the computer has at all times been 
        behaving normally.  If the modus operandi of a crime has involved 
        making a computer behave abnormally (for example by writing to 
        files directly outside their usual application of by violating 
        the operating system or access control package) then it looks as 
        though no evidence from that computer can be admitted.  


        Information Theft
        At the heart of the concern many people have about computers is 
        the amount of information they hold and process - and the 
        consequent risks if such information is stolen.  Indeed this was 
        one of the most frequently cited arguments for unauthorised 
        access legislation.  In English law information as such cannot be 
        stolen, though the medium upon which it is held - a piece of 
        paper or a floppy disk - can.  Although there have been a number 
        of attempts to make information "a thing capable of being stolen" 
        so far none of them succeeded.  The difficulties should not be 
        under-estimated - which categories of information should be 
        protected;  how would you test for each category (is it enough 
        for an originator to label a document "secret" or should there be 
        some objective measure?);  should there be a "public interest" 
        defence?  The problems with using an offence of unauthorised 
        access to a computer as a substitute are:  you confuse the means 
        with the substance,  you run the risk of drawing people into the 
        ambit of the crime who are not actually stealing information and 
        who are not causing any readily identifiable social harm,  you 
        are omitting instances of information theft which do not involve 
        computers such as stealing print-based documents.  

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    12




        A more direct approach to information theft would also provide a 
        route to tackling another of Emma Nicholson's concerns - the use 
        of equipment to eavesdrop on radiation from VDUs.



        Law Enforcement

        There is little point in placing new crimes on the statue book if 
        the means to enforce them does not exist.  "Law enforcement" is 
        much more than looking at the quantity and quality of police 
        officers available in any one specialisation. In the UK, the 
        decision to prosecute is usually made by the Crown Prosecution 
        Service. (Different procedures apply for serious frauds which are 
        then handled by the Serious Fraud Office).  The whole process is 
        as follows:

             *    a victim decides to report a crime

             *    reasonable levels of evidence are believed to exist

             *    the police make enquiries

             *    the police make a report to the Crown Prosecution 
                  Service

             *    the Crown Prosecution Service decide that there is a 
                  case which they have a reasonable chance of winning 
                  (that is, better than 50/50)

             *    the case is presented in court, the skill involved 
                  depending on the lawyers employed

             *    depending on the seriousness of the offence either a 
                  judge alone or a lay jury advised by a judge have to 
                  understand enough to be able to convict

        In most other countries there are a similar set of hurdles.  

        The present position in the UK is that there is only one Computer 
        Crime Unit, which is attached to the Fraud Squad run jointly by 
        the Metropolitan and City Police forces.  Its size varies from 
        four to five officers.  Since these are always drawn from the Met 
        side of the partnership they are on three-year tours of duty,  
        though one officer has managed to hold on longer.  The Met has a 
        philosophy of the "all-round policeman" and eschews the setting 
        up of permanent ‚lite squads.  The highest ranking officer is a 
        detective inspector, the third lowest rank in the force.  There 
        is a twenty-day course in computer crime methods run at the 
        Bramshill training college. Fewer than 100 officers out of the 
        total 145,000 policemen and women in England and Wales have ever 
        been through it.   (When I became a MBCS (Member of the British 
        Computer Society) I did so via a route which recognised that I 
        had neither passed any of their examinations nor had a university 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    13



        degree in a relevant subject - mine was in law.  The BCS expects 
        people like me to be able to show 10 years of industry experience 
        instead - and this is simply to call yourself a computer 
        professional.)

        The Computer Crime Unit has scant funds to employ external 
        expertise.  In some "hacking" cases it has been able to rely on 
        the goodwill of British Telecom,  but BT will only act where it 
        thinks that its own networks or resources have been violated or 
        threatened and the relationship deteriorated during the 1990 
        Nicholas Whiteley (Mad Hacker) case.

        Since October 1986 the police have ceased to be the prosecutors 
        of crime as well as the investigators.  That reform was 
        introduced to prevent too many fitted up or forced confession 
        cases getting to court.  Prosecution is now handled by the Crown 
        Prosecution Service.  But for the computer crime coppers,  whose 
        training has not equipped them to understand the full range of 
        criminal sanctions that might be available  (and why should it?) 
        they have lost easy access to friendly lawyers who might help 
        them frame charges sensibly.  The CPS is currently,  on its own 
        figures,  23 per cent understaffed,  with a greater problem in 
        London.  They are under great pressure,  morale is low.

        What about the Serious Fraud Office which handles frauds above œ1 
        million in value?  It has 20 lawyers, 17 accountants, a support 
        staff of 25 and 20 City of London police officers on secondment - 
        and who are therefore not immediately available for other City of 
        London policing work.  The current work load is around 70 huge 
        frauds,  many of which will take years to work their way through 
        the courts.   By chance,  rather than design,  it had one senior 
        officer who was extremely interested in computer crime.  But he 
        had other work also,  not the least of which is the use of 
        graphics computers to clarify complex frauds to lay juries.  He 
        is now in the private sector.  

        Here is another aside:  the SFO came into being in the wake of 
        the Roskill Report on trials for complex fraud.  Roskill 
        recommended the use of specialist juries;  this was rejected,  
        for reasons which I accept,  but no additional resource has ever 
        been provided to help the SFO with the additional problems of 
        describing the arcana of, say the insurance world, to men and 
        women democratically plucked from the voting lists.

        These are simply the first hurdles;  we are only just beginning 
        to see a sufficient body of barristers literate in computers.  


        Police role in white collar crime

        Yet it is too easy to blame "the police" for what appears to be a 
        poor response.  The policing of computer crime is simply one item 
        in a very long agenda of what the public expects of the police.  
        What is interesting about computer crime is that it highlights 
        many of the inconsistencies in public attitudes towards the 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    14



        police.  We are only willing to spend a limited amount on them;  
        we are only willing to accept a certain density of police 
        officers per hundred thousand of the population.  Here in the UK 
        the police originated under Sir Robert Peel in a desire for safer 
        streets and public order.  It is clearly important to the public 
        at large that the police are seen "walking the beat".  We 
        apparently suspect the idea of ‚lite squads and we resist the 
        idea of a national force.  

        Yet this same group of people are expected to cope with the 
        social and technical complexities of white collar crime.  We 
        wouldn't tolerate any "walking the beat" looking for possible 
        infractions of the law in our offices and board rooms, yet in 
        terms of street crime it is this "walking the beat" which is 
        understood to have a powerful preventative effect.  None of us 
        have really thought through our expectations of the role of the 
        police in a world where, for each of the last 15 years or so 
        there has been a 1 per cent transfer from blue collar to white 
        collar activities and presumably some considerable associated 
        increase in the opportunities to commit white collar type crimes.  

        One cannot look at "computer crime", on any definition thereof, in 
        isolation from these factors.



        Making the Case

        We must now examine in more detail how well the new Computer 
        Misuse Act offences will stand up to the rigours of having to 
        make a case in court.   Leaving on one side the particular 
        hazards of the PACE s69 rules of admissibility in evidence and on 
        another side the question marks of the extent of actual police 
        resources,   we have to ask ourselves what typical cases will 
        look like in court. I want to concentrate on the two situations 
        which most excited people during the run up to the passing of the 
        CMA - hacking (in the sense of unauthorised access unaccompanied 
        by any further activity) and viruses.

        The chief practical problem in any investigation of "hacking" is 
        that perpetrators don't use their own names;  further, a mere 
        "confession" unaccompanied by any other evidence is unlikely to 
        be sufficient.  The investigator first has to show that "access" 
        has taken place.  It may not be enough to show that a given 
        suspect has material in his possession that has come from someone 
        else's computer - the files may have been collected by some third 
        party and a copy of them given to the suspect on diskette;  the 
        prosecutor has to prove all the network connections;  in many 
        cases it will be necessary to catch the perpetrator in flagrante 
        delicto.  Now we know this can be done - here in the UK it was 
        done in the case of Gold and Schifreen and again in that of 
        Edward Austin Singh.  Cliff Stoll wrote in The Cuckoo's Egg how 
        he did it to members of the Chaos Computer Club.  There are 
        plenty of other examples.  They all have a common feature - it is 
        very time consuming and expensive.  You require lots of 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    15



        monitoring equipment, a number of skilled technicians 
        (individuals like Stoll who did what he did out of intellectual 
        interest and not for a consultancy fee are rare), extensive co-
        operation between police, companies,  institutions, and 
        telecommunications suppliers.  That co-operation must often 
        extend across national borders.  In addition you have to have 
        teams of police standing by to pounce when told by the 
        technicians that the time is right.  Investigation costs can 
        reach œ500,000 ($1 million) quite effortlessly.

        No sensible police force in the world can justify that amount of 
        cost and effort for a crime the normal punishment for which is a 
        fine and for which the maximum penalty is six months.

        Let's now look at viruses.  No one knows where most viruses come 
        from.   There is no knowledge of the originator even at an 
        anecdotal level.  Very occasionally if the virus is unique and 
        distributed on a disc there is the possibility of physical 
        forensics, that is, locating the supplier and hence the purchaser 
        of a particular batch of diskettes.  I have no specific knowledge 
        of that case,  but one possible example is the Panama "Aids" 
        virus which was allegedly partially distributed on diskette via a 
        mailing list supplied unwittingly by a magazine.  But this very 
        much the exception.  There is another route back to a perpetrator 
        - if the virus is accompanied by some blackmail or extortion 
        threat.  Here the criminal can be tracked down by the money 
        collection method - which is the weak point of most attempts 
        at demanding money with menaces.  Again, some reports about the 
        Panama "Aids" virus allege that this is what happened there.

        But for the overwhelming majority of PC and Mac-based viruses 
        these routes do not exist - and there is no law one can envisage 
        that will overcome the fundamental problem of anonymity.   
        Perhaps I should raise one further situation - where the designer 
        of rogue code decides things have gone more wrong than was 
        intended and decides to alert potential victims.  This is what 
        happened with Robert Morris and the Internet worm.  Now - where 
        does the public interest lie?  Do we believe that the existence 
        of an "anti-virus" law deters potential offenders in a useful 
        way, or are we worried that a successor to Morris might say:  "I 
        didn't want things to go this far.  However no one yet knows 
        about me;  anything I do to minimise the effects of my rogue code 
        are likely to lead to my identification and I may then be 
        punished."   

        I have no easy answer to this conundrum but ask you to identify 
        it as yet another limitation of the powers of the legal system to 
        solve problems of computer security.



        The role of law as a deterrent

        At this point some people will say that I am mistaken,  that the 
        very existence of a law on the statute book,  even it cannot be 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    16



        readily enforced,  does act as a deterrent to the majority of 
        people.  In fact this was the justification the Law Commission 
        produced for section 1 of the CMA.  At the press conference on 
        the day their final report was published they spoke of setting 
        the mark of society's disapproval on such activity.

        I am not sure that the position is anywhere nearly as clear as 
        that.  People break laws all the time,  particularly if they can 
        convince themselves that they are not "really" doing any harm.  
        This is certainly true of many road traffic offences such as 
        parking on yellow lines and exceeding speed limits.   On the 
        other side, there are a number of instances where people feel 
        constrained from an activity which is not illegal but is 
        considered unethical - eavesdropping on a conversation which the 
        participants regard as private is one example.

        In other words there is no absolute correlation between the fact 
        of illegality and a sense that certain activities should be 
        restrained.  

        It might be helpful to recall what happened here in the UK 14 
        years ago over Citizens Band Radio,  another technological hobby 
        with outlaw connotations.  Brits holidaying in the USA discovered 
        the possibilities of a low-cost general purpose mobile radio 
        service,  imported the equipment and started to use it.  In the 
        UK this was on offence under the 1949 Wireless Telegraphy Act.  
        The craze grew and grew and officials tried,  with scant success, 
        to make arrests.  A campaign for a legal UK CB started;  
        eventually there were almost 500,000 illegal sets in use.  
        After a while, a UK CB license became available - and within six 
        months the craze was effectively dead.  Is it possible that it 
        was, among other things, the illegality of the activity (coupled 
        with the lack of any real danger of getting caught) that was the 
        substantive attraction?

        Again,  I make no final judgement,  other than to say that the 
        existence of a crime on the statute book may not have the 
        intended effect.   






        Conclusions

        Some of what I have said may suggest that, as a result of 
        particular incompetence by the English Law Commission, 
        parliamentarians and police we have a poor computer crime law.  
        If that is the impression which you take away then I have not 
        made myself clear.  

        I think I have shown that for some of the highest profile 
        computer crime activities, no law is going to provide any sort of 
        substantive solution because, at a practical level, investigation 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    17



        and evidence-gathering is either too expensive and difficult in 
        relation to the wrongs victims might suffer or is completely 
        impossible.  For such activities as classic hacking and virus-
        writing we should forget about the law and concentrate on 
        preventative measures.

        For the rest of the activities that help to make up the 
        statistics of computer crime, I wonder how far it is useful to 
        talk about computer crime at all.  As I also hope I have shown,  
        most such activity is conventional crime - chiefly fraud, 
        extortion and criminal damage - which happens to involve 
        computers.  Talking about "computer crime" lumps them all 
        together - and with hacking and virus-writing.  But each one of 
        these activities has different risk factors, different modus 
        operandi and different preventative methods associated with them.  
        By the same token,  I am not sure that is useful to talk about 
        "computer criminals" as though they all showed the same features.  
        A computer fraudster is surely best understood within the context 
        of other types of fraud; the extortionist who locks legitimate 
        users out of of a computer and demands a fee to rectify the 
        situation is best comprehended along with other blackmailers.  
        Network adventurers may be technological pranksters and cause 
        harm along the way,  but they have little in common with any 
        other sort of criminal.

        This misunderstanding leads many computer-owning companies who 
        have a wholly distorted view of the risks they face.  If you 
        don't analyse the problem properly you'll never get any sort of 
        viable preventative program.

        But this confusion has now resulted in legislation for which I 
        fear there are doomed expectations.  Just as computers have now 
        infiltrated every facet of commercial life, I would have 
        preferred an approach to law reform which assumed that most 
        computer-related crime would continue to be handled under the 
        framework of existing statute and common law.  I would have liked 
        the Law Commission to have concentrated on strengthening those 
        areas where conventional law looks weak.  As I have tried to 
        show, a reform of the Criminal Damage Act, 1971 would have been 
        more effective than what was actually produced in section 3 of 
        the Computer Misuse Act.  A reform of the law of deception within 
        the Theft Act would have produced some of the results hoped for 
        in section 1 of the Computer Misuse Act without involving many of 
        the uncertainties of coverage and interpretation that the new Act 
        has provided.  

        Although I don't have time to go into it today, it seems to me 
        that many people have ignored the many remedies that the civil 
        law has.   For those many crimes involving employees and sub-
        contractors,  including unauthorised access and information 
        theft, the law of contract provides many potent remedies, 
        including dismissal.  Student hackers may be more effectively 
        dealt with under Disciplinary Codes - where the offence may be set 
        in such vague terms as "conduct likely to bring the university 
        into disrepute", where the standards of proof are lower and 

                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    18



        where the sanction may be loss of the opportunity to take a 
        degree.  In other situations the civil wrong of breach of 
        confidentiality,  though flawed, can be effective in instances of 
        information theft.  What a pity there has been no follow-up to 
        the Law Commission's work in this area, which has lain largely 
        ignored since 1981. 


        The Computer Misuse Act delivered only one thing - and I return 
        here to something I hinted at at the beginning - it gave the 
        illusion that something was being done about a problem which 
        seemed to exist.  Compared with almost anything else that a 
        country might do - rethinking the role of the police in white 
        collar crime, providing different career patterns and training 
        for policemen, keeping your Crown Prosecution Service up to 
        strength - passing legislation is unbelievably cheap.  All it 
        takes is the time of a few civil servants and Members of 
        Parliament and a few printing bills.  Politicians and pressure 
        groups love new legislation because that it how they can be most 
        visibly be seen to getting results.  It is also attractive to the 
        media,  where technical legal reform is not. 

        Finally, the Computer Misuse Act distracts management from 
        examining in rigorous detail what they can be doing to stay in 
        control of their computer resources.  It develops in their mind 
        the notion of unpredictable "compurer criminals" whose activities 
        cannot otherwise be restrained.


        The theme of this conference is the Challenge of the Nineties.  
        Let me tell you what I think it is.  We need to make the 
        discussion of computer security much more sober than it is at the 
        moment.  Legislation born out of panic sets up false expectations 
        and doesn't get the desired results.  Too many in the computer 
        security business have sought to sell their products and services 
        on a simple unsophisticated scare story.  Effective computer 
        security means a multi-disciplinary approach,  where computer 
        security is seen as just one aspect of securing the assets - 
        physical, cash and intellectual - of the business environment 
        that the computer serves. And where "solutions" come from a 
        balance of computer-based and administrative controls and where 
        the law provides remedies only for the most outrageous of 
        activities.  As for the investigation of crime,  it is surely 
        better to talk of experts in computer forensics, who can aid and 
        support with the "ordinary" investigators when a crime goes 
        inside a computer and evidence must be extracted in a form in 
        which it will be useful in legal proceedings.




             A fully foot-noted version of this paper is available on 
             request to the author.



                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991

        Compacs '91/Sommer/Limits of the Law/    19




             Peter Sommer  MA(Oxon),  MBCS
             Peter Sommer runs Virtual City Associates which specialises 
             in computer forensics, expert witness activities and 
             insurance policy development, risk assessment and loss 
             adjustment. It also provides more broad-based computer 
             security consultancy.  Virtual City Associates often works 
             in association with other professional firms.  Peter Sommer 
             read law at Oxford and has been both a publisher of books 
             and of electronic databases.  He is better known by his 
             pseudonym, Hugo Cornwall,  under which he wrote the first 
             three editions of the best-selling Hacker's Handbook as well 
             as DataTheft (Mandarin) and large quantities of journalism.  
             A new book,  on modern industrial espionage,  is due out in 
             1991.  Mr Sommer is frequently asked to appear on tv and 
             radio.












                                                Virtual City Associates
                                                     67 Mount View Road
                                                          London N4 4SR
                                                                    U K
                                                 tel: 44 (0)81-340 4139
                                                 fax: 44 (0)81-341 3472
                                                CompuServe  100012,2610





















                                                    (c) Peter Sommer, 1991
