                       FBI Mission Statement

The overall mission of the FBI is to uphold the law through the 
investigation of violations of federal criminal statutes; to protect the 
United States from hostile intelligence efforts; to provide assistance to 
other federal, state, and local law enforcement agencies; and to perform 
these responsibilities in a manner that is faithful to the Constitution 
and laws of the United States. This mission is further divided into five 
functional areas: Criminal Law Enforcement; Foreign Counterintelligence; 
Investigative and Operational Support; Law Enforcement Services; and 
Direction, Control, and Administration.

The CRIMINAL LAW ENFORCEMENT function is to:
investigate violations of the laws of the United States within FBI
jurisdiction, collect evidence in domestic and international cases in
which the United States is or may be a party of interest, conduct
personnel investigations, and perform other duties imposed by law or
Executive Order. Major investigative programs supporting this function
include: organized crime/drugs, violent crimes, and white-collar
crime.

The FOREIGN COUNTERINTELLIGENCE function is to: conduct investigations
to collect, analyze, and exploit information to identify and
neutralize the activities of foreign powers and their agents that
adversely affect U. S. national security through counterintelligence,
counterterrorism, and security counter-measures.

The INVESTIGATIVE and OPERATIONAL SUPPORT function is to: provide
those supporting services necessary to the accomplishment of the FBI
mission in the most effective. efficient, and economical manner.
Supporting this function are the FBI's training, forensic services,
automated data processing, telecommunications, information management,
technical field support, and equipment programs.

The LAW ENFORCEMENT SERVICES function is to: provide forensic, 
identification, information, and training services to law enforcement 
personnel and agencies outside the FBI. Programs supporting this function 
include: general law enforcement training, forensic services, 
non-federal fingerprint identification, as well as criminal justice data 
and statistics services through the National Crime Information Center 
(NCIC) and the Uniform Crime Reports (UCR) programs.

The DIRECTION, CONTROL, and ADMINISTRATION function is to: provide
effective national and organizational leadership, as well as effective
direction, control, and administration of FBI resources. Major efforts
supporting this function are the executive direction and control as
well as the administrative services programs.

