Interesting USA laws - from USENET.

   Here's a listing of some rather interesting laws which were
passed in the U.S.  Taken from the Seattle P-I (Tuesday, Sep. 4 page
B-9) with no permission whatsoever.  All spellings mistakes are mine.
These excerpts are from the book "Loony Laws" by Robert Pelton
(Walker; $8.95)  Enjoy!

   In Ottumwa, Iowa, "It is unlawful for any male person, within
the corporate limits of the (city), to wink at any female person with
whom he is unaquainted."

   In Los Angeles, you cannot bathe two babies in the same tub at
the same time.

   In Zion, Ill., it is illegal for anyone to give lighted cigars
to dogs, cats, and other domesticated animals kept as pets.

   In Carmel, N.Y., a man can't go outside while wearing a jacket
and pants that do not match.

   In Clawson, Mich., there is a law that makes it LEGAL for a
farmer to sleep with his pigs, cows, horses, goats, and chickens.

   In Gary, Ind., persons are prohibited from attending a movie
house or other theater and from riding a public streetcar within four
hours of eating garlic.

   In Miami, it's illegal for men to be seen publicly in any kind
of strapless gown.

   In St. Louis, it's illegal to sit on the curb of any city
street and drink beer from a bucket.

   In Detroit, couples are banned from making love in an
automobile unless the act takes place while the vehicle is parked on
the couple's own property.

   In Harford, Conn., you aren't allowed to cross a street while
walking on your hands.

   In Michigan, a woman isn't allowed to cut her own hair without
her husband's permission.

   In Baltimore, it's illegal to throw bales of hay from a
second-story window within the city limits.  It's also illegal to take
a lion to the movies.

   In Oxford, Ohio, it's illegal for a woman to strip off her
clothing while standing in front of a man's picture. (ed: ???)

   In Nicholas County, W. Va., no member of the clergy is allowed
to tell jokes or humerous stories from the pulpit during a church
service.

   In California, animals are banned from mating publicly within
1,500 feet of a tavern, school, or place of worship.

   In Pennsylvania, "any motorist driving along a country road at
night must stop every mile and send up a rocket signal, wait 10
minutes for the road to be cleared of livestock, and continue."

   In Carrizozo, N.M., it's forbidden for a female to appear
unshaven in public (includes legs and face).

   In Los Angeles, a man is legally entitled to beat his wife
with a leather belt or strap, but the belt can't be wider than 2
inches, unless he has his wife's consent to beat her with a wider
strap.

   In Kentucky, "No female shall appear in a bathing suit on any
highway within this state unless she be escorted by at least two
officers or unless she be armed with a club"

   An amendment to the above legislation: "The provisions of this
statuate shall not apply to females weighing less than 90 pounds nor
exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it apply to female horses."


     *****   *******      Perry Pederson:  email: n8742883@unicorn.wwu.edu
    *           *          GEnie: P.PEDERSON
     ****       *               Voice: (206) 676-7177
    *      *   
    *****       * 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
