The final part of U.S. Supreme Court rules follows. */
Rule 30.  Computation and Enlargement of Time

 .1. In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed by 
these Rules, by order of the Court, or by an applicable statute, 
the day of the act, event, or default from which the designated 
period of time begins to run shall not be included.  The last day 
of the period shall be included, unless it is a Saturday, a 
Sunday, a federal legal holiday, or a day on which the Court 
building has been closed by order of the Court or the Chief 
Justice, in which event the period extends until the end of the 
next day which is not a Saturday, a Sunday, a federal legal 
holiday, or a day on which the Court building has been closed.  
See 5 USC Section 6103 for a list of federal legal holidays.

 .2. Whenever a Justice of this Court or the Clerk is empowered 
by law or these Rules to extend the time for filing any document 
or paper, an application seeking an extension must be presented 
to the Clerk within the period sought to be extended.  However, 
an application for an extension of time to file a petition for a 
writ of certiorari or to docket an appeal must be submitted at 
least 10 days before the final filing date, the application will 
not be granted except in the most extraordinary circumstances.

 .3. An application to extend the time within which a party may 
file a petition for a writ of certiorari or docket an appeal 
shall be presented in the form prescribed by Rules 13.6 and 18.3 
respectively.  An application to extend the time within which to 
file any other document or paper may be presented in the form of 
a letter to the Clerk setting forth with specificity the reasons 
why the granting of an extension of time is justified.  Any 
application seeking an extension of time must be presented and 
served upon all other parties as provided in Rule 22, and, once 
denied, may not be renewed.

 .4. An application to extend the time for filing a brief, 
motion, joint appendix, or other paper, for designating parts of 
a record to be printed in the appendix, or for complying with any 
other time limit provided by these Rules (except an application 
for an extension of time to file a petition for a writ of 
certiorari, to docket an appeal, to file a reply brief on the 
merits, to file a petition for rehearing, or to issue a mandate 
forthwith) shall in the first instance be acted upon by the 
Clerk, whether addressed to the Clerk, to the Court, or to a 
Justice.  Any party aggrieved by the Clerk's action on an 
application to extend time may request that it be submitted to a 
Justice or to the Court.  The Clerk shall report action under 
this Rule of the Court in accordance with instruction that may be 
issued by the Court.

Rule 31.  Translations

Whenever any record to be transmitted to this Court contains any 
material written in a foreign language without a translation made 
                           
under the authority of the lower court, or admitted to be 
correct, the clerk of the court transmitting the record shall 
immediately advise the Clerk of this Court to the end that this 
Court may order that a translation be supplied and, if necessary, 
printed as a part of the joint appendix.

Rule 32.  Printing Requirements

 .1.    (a) Except for papers permitted by Rules 21, 22, and 39 to 
be submitted in typewritten form (see Rule 34), every 
document filed with the Court must be printed by a standard 
typographic printing process or be typed and reproduced by 
offset printing, photocopying, computer printing, or similar 
process.  The process used must product a clear, black image 
on white paper.  In an original action under Rule 17, 60 
copies of every document printed under this Rule must be 
filed; in all other cases, 40 copies must be filed.
        (b) The text of every document, including any appendix 
     thereto, produced by standard typographic printing must 
     appear in print as 11-point or larger type with 2-point or 
     more leading between lines.  The print size and typeface of 
     the United States Reports from Volume 453 to date are 
     acceptable.  Similar print size and typeface should be 
     standard throughout.  No attempt should be made to reduce or 
     condense the typeface in a manner that would increase the 
     content of a document.  Footnotes must appear in print as 
     9-point or larger type with 2-point or more leading between 
     lines.  A document must be printed on both sides of the 
     page.
     
        (c) The text of every document, including any appendix 
     thereto, printed or duplicated by any process other than 
     standard typographic printing shall be done in pica type at 
     no more than 10 characters per inch.  The lines must be 
     double spaced.  The right-hand margin need not be justified, 
     but there must be a margin of at least three-forths of an 
     inch.  In footnotes, elite type at no more than 12 
     characters per inch may be used.  The document should be 
     printed on both sides of the page, if practicable.  It shall 
     not be reduced in duplication.  A document which is 
     photographically reduced so that the print size is smaller 
     than pica type will not be received by the Clerk.
     
        (d) Whether printed under subparagraph (b) or (c) of this 
     paragraph, every document must be produced on opaque, 
     unglazed paper 6 1/8 by 9 1/4 inches in size, with type 
     matter approximately 4 1/8 by 7 1/8 inches and margins of at 
     lease three-forths of an inch on all sides.  The document 
     must be firmly bound in at least two places along the left 
     margin (saddle stitch or perfect binding preferred) so as to 
     make an easily opened volume, and not part of the text shall 
     be obscured by the binding.  Spiral and other plastic 
     bindings may not be used.  Appendices in patent cases may be 
     duplicated is such size as is necessary to utilize copies of 
     patent documents.
     
      .2. Every document must bear on the cover, in the following 
     order, from the top of the page:  (1) the number of the case or, 
     if there is none, a space for one; (2) the name of this Court; 
     (3) the Term; (4) the caption of the case as appropriate in this 
     Court; (5) the nature of the proceeding and the name of the court 
     from which the action is brought (e.g., "Petition for Writ of 
     Certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth 
     Circuit"; or, for a merits brief.  "On Writ of Certiorari to the 
     United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit"); (6) the 
     title of the paper (e.g. "Petition for Writ of Certiorari," 
     "Brief for Respondent," "Joint Appendix"); (7) the name of the 
     member of the Bar of this Court who is counsel of record for the 
     party concerned, and upon whom service is to be made, with a 
     notation directly thereunder that the attorney is the counsel of 
     record together with counsel's office address and telephone 
     number.  (There can be only one counsel of record noted on a 
     single document.)  The individual names of other members of the 
     Bar of this Court, or of the Bar of the highest court of a State, 
     and, if desired, their post office addresses, may be added, but 
     counsel of record must be clearly identified.  Names of persons 
     other than attorneys admitted to a state Bar may not be listed.  
     The foregoing must be displayed in an appropriate typographic 
     manner and, except for the identification of counsel, may not be 
     set in type smaller than 11-point or uppercase pica.
     
      .3. Every document produced under this Rule shall comply with 
     the page limits shown below and shall have a suitable cover 
     consisting of heavy paper in the color indicated.  Counsel must 
     be certain that there is adequate contrast between the printing 
     and the color of the cover.
     
     Type of Document                  Page Limits
                                                    Typo-     Typed and   Color of
                                                    graphic   Double      the
                                                    Printing  Spaced      Cover
     a. Petition for a Writ of
        Certiorari (Rule 14.4);
        Jurisdictional State-
        ment (Rule 18.3); or 
        Petition for an Extra-
        ordinary Writ (Rule 20.2)               30              65              White
     
     b. Brief in Opposition (Rule
        15.3); Motion to Dismiss or
        Affirm (Rule 18.6); Brief in
        Opposition to Mandamus or 
        Response to a Petition for Ha-
        beas Corpus (Rule 20.4)         30              65              Orange
     
     c. Reply to brief in Opposition
        (Rule 15.6); or Brief 
        Opposing a Motion to Dismiss
        or Affirm (Rule 18.8)                   10              20              Tan
     
     d. Supplemental Brief
        (Rules 15.7 and 18.9)                   10              20              Tan
     
     e. Brief on the Merits by
        Petitioner or Appellant
        (Rule 24.3)                                     50              110             Light Blue
     
     f. Brief on the Merits by
        Respondent or Appellee
        (Rule 24.3)                                     50              110             Light Red
     
     g. Reply Brief on the Merits
        (Rule 24.4)                                     20              45              Yellow
     
     h. Brief of an Amicus Curiae at
        the Petition State
        (Rule 37.2)                                     20              45              Cream
     
     i. Brief of an Amicus Curiae
        on the Merits in Support 
        of the Petitioner or 
        Appellant or in Support 
        of Neither Party 
        (Rule 37.3)                                     30              65              Pastel or
                                                                                        Pale Green
     
     j. Brief of an Amicus Curiae 
        on the Merits in Support 
        of the Respondent or 
        Appellee (Rule 37.3)                    30              65              Green
     
     k. Petition for Rehearing 
        (Rule 44)                                       10              20              Tan
     
     The above page limitations are exclusive of the questions 
     presented page, the subject index, the table of authorities, and 
     the appendix.  Verbatim quotations required by Rule 14.1(f), if 
     set forth in the text of the brief rather than the appendix, are 
     also excluded.  A motion for leave to file a brief amicus curiae 
     filed pursuant to Rule 37 must be printed with the brief.
     
     A document filed by the United States, by any department, office, 
     or agency of the United States, or by any officer or employee of 
     the United States represented by the Solicitor General shall have 
     a gray cover.
     
     A joint appendix and any other document shall have a tan cover.
     
     In a case filed under the original jurisdiction of the Court, the 
     initial pleading and motion for leave to file and any 
     accompanying brief shall have white covers.  A brief in 
     opposition to the motion for leave to file shall have an orange 
     cover; exception to the report of a special master shall have a 
     light blue cover, if filed by the plaintiff, and a light red 
     cover, if filed by any other party; and a reply brief to any 
     exceptions shall have a yellow cover.
     
 .4. The Court or a Justice, for good cause shown, may grant 
leave to file a document in excess of the page limits, but these 
applications are not favored.  An application to exceed page 
limits shall comply in all respects with Rule 22 and must be 
submitted at least 15 days before the filing date of the document 
in question, except in the most extraordinary circumstances.

/* In virtually every case the court will deny such a motion. */

 .5. Every document which exceeds five pages (other than a single 
joint appendix) shall, regardless of the method of duplication, 
contain a table of contents and a table of authorities (i.e. 
cases alphabetically arranged, constitutional provisions, 
statutes, textbooks, etc.) with correct references to the pages 
in the document where they are cited.

 .6. The body of every document at its close shall bear the name 
of counsel of record and such other counsel, identified on the 
cover of the document is conformity with paragraph .2(7) of this 
Rule, as may be desired.  One copy of every motion or application 
(other than a motion to dismiss or affirm under Rule 18) must in 
addition be signed by counsel of record at the end thereof.

 .7. The Clerk shall not accept for filing any document presented 
in a form not in compliance with this Rule, but shall return it 
indicating to the defaulting party any failure to comply.  The 
filing, however, shall not thereby be deemed untimely provided 
that new and proper copies are promptly substituted.  If the 
Court finds that the provisions of this Rule have not been 
adhered to, it may impose, in its discretion, appropriate 
sanctions including but not limited to dismissal of the action, 
imposition of costs, or disciplinary sanction upon counsel.

Rule 34.  Form of Typewritten Papers

 .1. Any paper specifically permitted by these Rules to be 
presented to the Court without being printed shall, subject to 
Rule 39.3, be typewritten on opaque, unglazed paper 8 1/2 by 11 
inches in size and shall be stapled or bound at the upper 
left hand corner.  The typed matter, except quotations, must be 
double spaced.  Copies, if required, must be produced on the same 
type of paper.  All copies presented to the Court must be 
legible.

 .2. The original of any motion or application (except a motion 
to dismiss or affirm under Rule 18.6) must be signed in 
manuscript by the party proceeding pro se or by counsel of record 
who must be a member of the Bar of this Court.

Rule 35.  Death, Substitution, and Revivor; Public Officers

 .1. In the event a party dies after filing a notice of appeal of 
this Court, or after filing a petition for a writ of certiorari, 
the authorized representative of the deceased party may appear 
and, upon motion, be substituted as a party to the proceeding.  
If the representative does not voluntarily become a party, any 
other party may suggest the death on the record and on motion 
seek an order requiring the representative to become a party 
within a designated time.  If the representative then fails to 
become a party, the party so moving, if a respondent or appellee, 
shall be entitled to have the petition for a writ of certiorari 
or the appeal dismissed or the judgment vacated for mootness, as 
may be appropriate.  A party so moving who is a petitioner or 
appellant shall be entitled to proceed as in any other case of 
nonappearance by a respondent or appellee.  The substitution of a 
representative of the deceased, or the suggestion of death by a 
party, must be made within six months after the death of the 
party, or the case shall abate.

 .2. Whenever a case cannot be revived in the court whose 
judgment is sought to be reviewed because the deceased party has 
no authorized representative within the jurisdiction of that 
court, but does have an authorized representative elsewhere, 
proceedings shall be conducted as this Court may direct.

 .3. When a public officer, who is a party to a proceeding in 
this Court in an official capacity, dies, resigns, or otherwise 
ceases to hold office, the action does not abate and any 
successor in office is automatically substituted as a party.  
Proceedings following the substitution shall be in the name of 
the substituted party, but any misnomer not affecting the 
substantial rights of the parties shall be disregarded.

 .4. A public officer who is a party to a proceeding in this 
Court in an official capacity may be described as a party by the 
officer's official title rather than by name, but the Court may 
require the name to be added.

Rule 36.  Custody of Prisoners in Habeas Corpus Proceedings

 .1. Pending review in this Court of a decision in a habeas 
corpus proceeding commenced before a court, Justice, or judge of 
the United States, the person having custody of the prisoner 
shall not transfer custody to another person unless the transfer 
is authorized in accordance with the provisions of this Rule.

 .2. Upon application by a custodian showing a need therefor, the 
court, Justice, or judge rendering the decision under review may 
authorize transfer and the substitution of a successor custodian 
as a party.

 .3.    (a) Pending review of a decision failing or refusing to 
release a prisoner, the prisoner may be detained in the 
custody from which release is sought or in other appropriate 
custody or may be enlarged upon personal recognizance or 
bail, as may appear fitting to the court, Justice or judge 
rendering the decision, or to the court of appeals or to 
this Court or to a judge or Justice of either court.

        (b) Pending review of a decision ordering release, the 
prisoner shall be enlarged upon personal recognizance or 
bail, unless the court, Justice, or judge rendering the 
decision, or the court of appeals, or this Court, or a judge 
or Justice of either court, shall otherwise order.

/* One of the few times that the lower Courts have jurisdiction 
to act on the case. */

 .4. An initial order respecting the custody or enlargement of 
the prisoner, and any recognizance or surety taken, shall 
continue in effect pending review in the court of appeals and in 
this Court unless for reasons shown to the court of appeals or to 
this Court, or to a judge or Justice of either court, the order 
is modified or an independent order respecting custody, 
enlargement, or surety is entered.

Rule 37.  Brief of an Amicus Curiae

 .1. An amicus curiae brief which brings relevant matter to the 
attention of the Court that has not already been brought to its 
attention by the parties is of considerable help to the Court.  
An amicus brief which does not serve this purpose simply burdens 
the staff and facilities of the Court and its filing is not 
favored.

 .2. A brief of an amicus curiae submitted prior to the 
consideration of a petition for a writ of certiorari or a 
jurisdictional statement, accompanied by the written consent of 
all parties, may be filed only if submitted within the time 
allowed for filing a brief in opposition to the petition for a 
writ of certiorari or for filing a motion to dismiss or affirm.  
A motion for leave to file a brief amicus curiae when consent has 
been refused is not favored.  Any such motion must be filed 
within the time allowed for filing of the brief amicus curiae, 
must indicate the party or parties who have refused consent, and 
must be printed with the proposed brief.  The cover of the brief 
must identify the party supported.

 .3. A brief of an amicus curiae in a case before the Court for 
oral argument may be filed when accompanied by the written 
consent of all parties and presented within the time allowed for 
the filing of the brief of the party supported, or, if in support 
of neither party, with the time allowed for filing the 
petitioner's or appellant's brief.  A brief amicus curiae must 
identify the party supported or indicate whether it suggest 
affirmance or reversal, and must be as concise as possible.  No 
reply brief of an amicus curiae and no brief of an amicus curiae 
in support of a petition for rehearing will be received.

 .4. When consent to the filing of a brief of an amicus curiae in 
a case before the Court for oral argument is refused by a party 
to the case, a motion for leave to file indicating the party or 
parties who have refused consent, accompanied by the proposed 
brief and printed with in, may be presented to the Court.  A 
motion shall concisely state the nature of the applicant's 
interest and set forth facts or questions of law that have not 
been, or reasons for believing that they will not be, presented 
by the parties and their relevancy to the disposition of the 
case.  The motion may in no event exceed five pages.  A party 
served with the motion may file an objection thereto concisely 
stating the reasons for withholding consent which must be printed 
in accordance with Rule 33.  The cover of an amicus brief must 
identify the party supported or indicate whether it support 
affirmance or reversal.

 .5. Consent to the filing of a brief of an amicus curiae is not 
necessary when the brief is presented on behalf of the United 
States by the Solicitor General; on behalf of any agency of the 
United States authorized by law to appear on its own behalf when 
submitted by the agency's authorized legal representative; on 
behalf of a State, Territory, or Commonwealth when submitted by 
its Attorney General; or on behalf of a political subdivision of 
a State, Territory, or Commonwealth when submitted by its 
authorized law officer.

 .6. Every brief or motion filed under this Rule must comply with 
the applicable provisions of Rules 21, 24, and 33 (except that it 
shall be sufficient to set forth in the brief the interest of the 
amicus curiae, the argument, the summary of the argument, and the 
conclusion); and shall be accompanied by proof of service as 
required by Rule 29.

Rule 38.  Fees

In pursuance of 28 USC Section 1911, the fees to be charged by 
the Clerk are fixed as follows:

        (a) For docketing a case on a petition for a writ of 
certiorari or on appeal or docketing any other proceeding, 
except a certified question or a motion to docket and 
dismiss an appeal pursuant to Rule 18.5, $300.00.

        (b) For filing a petition for rehearing or a motion for 
leave to file a petition for rehearing, $200.00.

        (c) For the reproduction and certification of any record or 
paper, $1.00 per page; and for comparing with the original 
thereof any photographic reproduction of any record or 
paper, when furnished by the person requesting its 
certification, $.50 per page.

        (d) For a certificate under seal, $25.00.

        (e) For a check paid to the Court, Clerk, or Marshal which 
is returned for lack of funds, $35.00.

Rule 39.  Proceedings in Forma Pauperis

 .1. A party desiring to proceed in forma pauperis shall file 
with the pleading a motion for leave to proceed in forma 
pauperis, together with the party's notarized affidavit or 
declaration (in compliance with 28 USC Section 1746) in the form 
prescribed by the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure, Form 4.  
See 28 USC Section 1915.  If the United States district court or 
the United States court of appeals has appointed counsel under 
the Criminal Justice Act of 1964, as amended, the party need not 
file an affidavit or declaration in compliance with 28 USC 
Section 1746, but the motion must indicate that counsel was 
appointed under the Criminal Justice Act.  See 18 USC Section 
3006A(d)(6).  The motion shall also state whether or not leave to 
proceed in forma pauperis was sought in any other court and, if 
so, whether leave was granted.

 .2. The motion, and affidavit or declaration if required, must 
be filed with the petition for a writ of certiorari, 
jurisdictional statement,  or petition for an extraordinary writ, 
as the case may be, and shall comply in every respect with Rule 
21, except that it shall be sufficient to file a single copy.  If 
not received together, the documents will be returned by the 
Clerk.

 .3. Every paper or document presented under this Rule must be 
clearly legible and, whenever possible, must comply with Rule 34.  
While making due allowance for any case presented under this Rule 
by a person appearing pro se, the Clerk will refuse to receive 
any document sought to be filed that does not comply with the 
substance of these Rules, or when it appears that the document is 
obviously and jurisdictionally out of time.

 .4. When the papers required by paragraphs .1 and .2 of this 
Rule are presented to the Clerk, accompanied by proof of service 
as prescribed by Rule 29, they are to be placed on the docket 
without the payment of a docket fee or any other fee.

 .5. The respondent or appellee in a case filed in forma pauperis 
may respond in the same manner and within the same time as in any 
other case of the same nature, except that the filing of 12 
copies of a typewritten response, with proof of service as 
required by Rule 29, will suffice whenever the petitioner or 
appellant has filed typewritten papers.  The respondent or 
appellee may challenge the grounds for the motion to proceed in 
forma pauperis in a separate document or in the response itself.

 .6. Whenever the Court appoints a member of the Bar to serve as 
counsel for an indigent party in a case set for oral argument, 
the briefs prepared by that counsel, unless otherwise requested, 
will be printed under the supervision of the Clerk.  The Clerk 
will also reimburse appointed counsel for any necessary travel 
expenses to Washington, D. C., and return in connection with the 
argument.

 .7. In a case in which certiorari has been granted or 
jurisdiction has been noted or postponed, this Court may appoint 
counsel to represent a party financially unable to afford an 
attorney to the extent authorized by the Criminal Justice Act of 
1964, as amended, 18 USC Section 3006A.

 .8. If satisfied that a petition for a writ of certiorari 
jurisdictional statement, or petition for an extraordinary writ, 
as the case may be, is frivolous or malicious, the court may deny 
a motion to leave to proceed in forma pauperis.

(Amended July 1, 1991.)

Rule 40.  Veteran, Seamen, and Military Cases

 .1. A veteran suing to establish reemployment rights under 38 
USC Section 2022, or under any other provision of law exempting a 
veteran from the payment of fees or court costs, may file a 
motion to proceed upon typewritten papers under Rule 34, except 
that the motion shall ask leave to proceed as a veteran, and the 
affidavit shall set forth the moving party's status as a veteran.

 .2. A seaman suing pursuant to 28 USC Section 1916 may proceed 
without the prepayment of fees or costs or furnishing security 
therefor, but a seaman is not relieved of printing costs nor 
entitled to proceed on typewritten papers.

 .3. An accused person petitioning for a writ of certiorari to 
review a decision of the United States Court of Military Appeals 
pursuant to 28 USC Section 1259 may proceed without the 
prepayment of fees or cost s or furnishing security therefor and 
without filing an affidavit of indigency, but is not relieved of 
the printing requirements under Rule 33 and is not entitled to 
proceed on typewritten papers except as authorized by the Court 
on separate motion.

PART VIII.   DISPOSITION OF CASES

Rule 41.   Opinions of the Court

Opinions of the Court will be released by the Clerk is 
preliminary form immediately upon delivery.  Thereafter the Clerk 
shall cause the opinions of the Court to be issued in slip form 
and shall deliver them to the Reporter of Decisions who shall 
prepare them for publication in the preliminary prints and bound 
volumes of the United States Reports.

Rule 42.  Interest and Damages

 .1. If a judgment for money in a civil case is affirmed, 
whatever interest is allowed by law shall be payable from the 
date the judgment below was entered.  If a judgment is modified 
or reversed with a direction that a judgment for money be entered 
below, the mandate will contain instructions with respect to the 
allowance of interest.  Interest will be allowed at the same rate 
that similar judgments bear interest in the courts of the State 
in which judgment was entered or was directed to be entered.

 .2. When a petition for a writ of certiorari, an appeal, or 
application for other relief is frivolous, the Court may award 
the respondent or appellee just damages and single or double 
costs.  Damages or costs may be awarded against the petitioner, 
appellant, or applicant, or against the party's attorney or 
against both.

Rule 43.  Costs

 .1. If a judgment or decree is affirmed by this Court, costs 
shall be paid by the petitioner or appellant, unless otherwise 
ordered by the Court.

 .2. If a judgment or decree is reversed or vacated by this 
Court, costs shall be allowed to the petitioner or appellant, 
unless otherwise ordered by the Court.

 .3. The fees of the Clerk and the costs of printing the joint 
appendix are the only taxable items in this Court.  The cost of 
the transcript of the record from the court below is also a 
taxable item, but shall be taxable in that court as costs in the 
case.  The expenses of printing briefs, motions, petitions, or 
jurisdictional statements are not taxable.

 .4. In a case involving a certified question, costs shall be 
equally divided unless otherwise ordered by the Court; but if a 
decision is rendered on the whole matter in controversy, see Rule 
19.2, costs shall be allowed as provided in paragraph .1 and .2 
of this Rule.

 .5. In a civil action commenced on or after July 18, 1966, costs 
under this Rule shall be allowed for or against the United 
States, or an officer or agent thereof, unless expressly waived 
or otherwise ordered by the Court.  See 28 USC Section 2412.

 .6. When costs are allowed in this Court, the Clerk shall insert 
an itemization of the costs in the body of the mandate or 
judgment sent to the court below.  The prevailing side shall not 
submit a bill of costs.

 .7. If appropriate, the Court may adjudge double costs.

Rule 44.  Rehearing

 .1. A petition for the rehearing of any judgment or decision of 
the Court on the merits shall be filed within 25 days after the 
entry of the judgment or decision, unless the time is shortened 
or enlarged by the Court or a Justice.  Forty printed copies, 
produced in conformity with Rule 33, must be filed (except when 
the party is proceeding in forma pauperis under Rule 39), 
accompanied by proof of service as prescribed by Rule 29 and the 
filing fee required by Rule 38.  The petition must briefly and 
distinctly state its grounds.  Counsel must certify that the 
petition is presented in good faith and not for delay; one copy 
of the certificate shall bear the manuscript signature of 
counsel.  A petition for rehearing is not subject to oral 
argument, and will not be granted except at the instance of a 
Justice who concurred in the judgment or decision and with the 
concurrence of a majority of the Court.

 .2. A petition for the rehearing of an order denying a petition 
for a writ of certiorari shall be filed within 25 days after the 
date of the order of denial and shall comply with all the form 
and filing requirements of paragraph .1 of this Rule, including 
the payment of the filing fee is required, but its grounds must 
be limited to intervening circumstances of a substantial or 
controlling effect or to other substantial grounds not previously 
presented.  Counsel must certify that the petition is restricted 
to the grounds specified in this paragraph and that it is 
presented in good faith and not for delay.  One copy of the 
certificate shall bear the manuscript signature of counsel or of 
a party not represented by counsel.  A petition without a 
certificate shall be rejected by the Clerk.  The petition is not 
subject to oral argument.

 .3. No response to a petition for rehearing will be received 
unless requested by the Court, but no petition will be granted 
without an opportunity to submit a response.

 .4. Consecutive petitions and petitions that are out of time 
under this Rule will not be received.

Rule 45.  Process; Mandates

 .1. All process of this Court shall be in the name of the 
President of the United States.

 .2. In a case coming from a state court, the mandate shall issue 
25 days after the entry of judgment, unless the time is shortened 
or enlarged by the Court or a Justice, or unless the parties 
stipulate that it be issued sooner.  The filing of a petition for 
rehearing, unless otherwise ordered, will stay the mandate until 
disposition of the petition.  If the petition is then denied, the 
mandate shall issue forthwith.

 .3. In a case coming from a United States court, a formal 
mandate will not issue unless specially directed; instead, the 
Clerk will send the court a copy of the opinion or order of this 
Court and a certified copy of the judgment (which shall include 
provisions for the recovery of costs, if any are awarded).  In 
all other respects, the provisions of paragraph .2 of this Rule 
apply.

Rule 46.  Dismissing Cases

 .1. Whenever all parties, at any stage of the proceedings, file 
with the Clerk an agreement in writing that a case be dismissed, 
specifying the terms with respect to the payment of costs, and 
pay to the Clerk any fees that may be due, the Clerk, without 
further reference to the Court, shall enter an order of 
dismissal.


 .2.    (a) A petitioner or appellant is a case in this Court may 
     file a motion to dismiss the case, with proof of service as 
     prescribed by Rule 29, and must tender to the Clerk any fees 
     and costs payable.  An adverse party may, within 15 days 
     after service thereof, file an objection, limited to the 
     quantum of damages and costs in this Court alleged to be 
     payable, or, in a proper case, to a showing that the moving 
     party does not represent all petitioner or appellants.  The 
     Clerk will refuse to receive any objection not so limited.
     
        (b) When the objection goes to the standing of the moving 
     party to represent the entire side, the party moving for 
     dismissal, within 10 days thereafter, may file a reply, 
     after which time the matter shall be submitted to the Court 
     for its determination.
     
        (c) If no objection is filed, or if upon objection going 
     only to the quantum of damages and costs in this Court, the 
     party moving for dismissal, within 10 days thereafter, 
     tenders the whole of such additional damages and cost 
     demanded, the Clerk, without further reference to the Court, 
     shall enter an order of dismissal.  If, after objection as 
     to the quantum of damages and costs in this Court, the 
     moving party does not respond with a tender within 10 days, 
     the Clerk shall report the matter to the Court for its 
     determination.
     
      .3. No mandate or other process shall issue on a dismissal under 
     this Rule without an order of the Court.
     
     PART IX.  APPLICATION OF TERMS AND EFFECTIVE DATE
     
     Rule 47.  Term "State Court"
     
     The term "state court" when used in these Rules includes the 
     District of Columbia Court of Appeals and the Supreme Court of 
     the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.  See 18 USC Section 1257 and 
     1258.  References in these Rules to the common law and statutes 
     of a State include the common law and statutes of the District of 
     Columbia and of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
     
     Rule 48.  Effective Date of Amendments
     
     These Rules adopted December 5, 1989, shall be effective January 
     1, 1990.
