				 CHAPTER XI.
		      RIGHTS OF PERSON AND OF PROPERTY.
 119. Citizenship of the United States.
 120. Citizenship of a state.
 121. The right of suffrage.
 122. The right of serving on juries.
 123. Congressional regulation of federal elections.
 124. Immigrants and aliens.
 125. Personal and property rights.
 126. The rights within a state of citizens of other states.
 127. Foreign corporations.
 128. The I Amendment.
 129. The XIII Amendment.
 130. The XIV Amendment.
 131. The equal protection of the laws.
 132. The police power.

Citizenship of the United States.
119. As Miller, J., stated in the judgment in the Slaughter House Cases,' the Constitution, as originally adopted, did not define citizenship of the United States, although it did, by Section 2 of Article IV, provide that "the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states," and, by Section 2 of Article I, declare citizenship of the United States to be a necessary qualification for election as a representative in Congress. In view of that which the Constitution said, and of that which it left unsaid, it might well have been thought that citizenship of the United States was dependent upon and only incident to citizenship of a state, but the point was not judicially determined before the adoption of the XIV Amendment. In a recent case,(2) however, Gray, J., discussed at length the meaning of the term "citizen" as used at common law and suggested that after the adoption of the Constitution all white persons, at least, born within the sovereignty of the United States, whether children of citizens or of foreigners, excepting only children of ambassadors or public ministers of a foreign government, were native-born citizens of the United States. An even broader definition of the term was established by Section 1 of the XIV Amendment, which declares that" all persons born or naturalized in the Unites States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside." From and after the adoption of that Amendment, therefore, the birth within the United States of any person, whether white or coloured, who is subject to its jurisdiction, or the naturalization of any alien, makes the person so born, or naturalized, a citizen of the United States;(3) and that right of citizenship is entitled to protection under such laws as Congress may enact in execution of the powers conferred bv the XIV and XV Amendments. Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution authorizes Congress "to establish an uniform rule of naturalization." It is, therefore, beyond the power of any state to prescribe the conditions of naturalization, or to admit to citizenship any alien other than those whom the acts of Congress permit to be naturalized;(4) nevertheless aliens may be naturalized by proceedimgs in courts of the states in conformity with the acts of Congress.(5)

Citizenship of a state.
120. In Dred Scott v. Sandford,(6) the court determined that a free negro could not be a citizen of a state, but, in his dissenting judgment, Curtis, J., showed that it was an historical fact, that in five of the thirteen original states negroes were not only recognized as citizens, but also admitted to the exercise of the right of suffrage, and that many acts of Congress had, by necessary implication, recognized negroes as citizens; and the weight of authority supports the position, that each state could, so far as the Constitution of the United States does not restrain it, determine the stattis, and consequently the citizenship, of the persons domiciled within its territory.(7) By the terms of the XIV Amendment, "all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside.,, Therefore birth, or naturalization. in the [Tnited States, followed by residence within the territory of any state, makes the person so born or naturalized, and so residing, a citizen of that state.

The right of suffrage.
121. All citizens are not necessarily entitled to the exercise of the right of sum rage, for the term " citizen, " in the constitutional sense of the term, means one who owes the duty of allegiance and is entitled to the correlative right of protection, and it, therefore, includes persons who, by reason of sex, or age, may not be qualified to vote. The right of suffrage is a subject of state regulation, and not a privilege, or immunity, of citizenship protected by the Constitution of the United States,(8) except in so faras the XIV Amendment protects it. The Constitution provides, in Section 2 of Article 1, that, at congressional elections, "the electors in each state shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of the state legislature."(9) A state may, without contravening any constitutional provision, deny the suffrage to women,(10) but by force of the XV Amendment a state may not, in its limitations on the exercise of the right of suffrage, discriminate against citizens of the United States on account of their" race, colour, or previous condition of servitude." A state, therefore, cannot limit the right of suffrage to the white race.(11) Nevertheless, the power of Congress to legislate for the protection of the rights conferred by that Amendment being limited by the terms of the Amendment, Congress cannot by statute provide for the punishment of state election officers for wrongfully refusing to receive the vote of a qualified voter at an election, when that refusal is not based upon a discrimination against the voter on account of his race, colour, or previous condition of servitude;(12) nor can Congress by a general statute provide for the punishment of individuals who bribe persons to whom the right of suffrage is guaranteed by that Amendment;(13) nor can a conviction in a court of the United States be sustained under an indictment which charges the defendant in general terms with an intent to hinder and prevent citizens of the United States, of African descent, therein named, in the free exercise and enjoyment of the rights, privileges, iminunities, and protection, granted and secured to them as citizens of the United States and of a state, without specifying any particular right, the enjoyment of which the conspirators intended to hinder or prevent.(14)
	As the right of a citizen of a state to vote for representatives in Congress is derived not only from the constitution and laws of his state, but also from the Constitution and laws of the United States, it follows that a citizen, otherwise qualified under the constitution and laws of his stat may maintain an action at law in the circuit court of the United States to recover from officers of the state damages for their wrongful refusal of his vote at a congressional election.(14)a But where the constitution of a state defines the qualifications for the exercise of the suffrage, and imposes the conditions of registry as a voter, one to whom registry is refused cannot, upon an allegation that the state's system of registration is void because it violates the XV Amendment, maintain a suit in equity in the circuit court of the United States to compel the state officers to register him as a voter under that system which he alleges to be void, for a decree in his favour would accomplish no practical result;(14)b and when that citizen has brought an action at law in a court of the state to recover from state officers damages for their alleged wrongful refusal to register him as a voter, and when he has petitioned a court of the state for a mandamus to compel the state officers to register him as a voter, and the state court of last resort has entered judgment against him on the grounds that if the provisions of the state constitution are repugnant to the XV Amendment they are void and registrars appointed thereunder had no power to act, they could not be liable to him in damages for their refusal to register him, and they cannot be compelled by mandamus to register him; and the Supreme Court of the United States cannot reverse the judgment of the state court upon writ of error, for the state court has denied relief to the plaintiff in error for reasons independent of the federal right upon which he elaimed.(14)c

The right of serving on juries.
122. The right of serving as a juror being incident to citizenship, a state cannot so regulate the selection of jurors in its courts as to prevent citizens of African descent from serving as jurors.(15)

Congressional regulation of federal elections.
123. Section 4 of Article I of the Constitution declares that, "the times, places and manner of holding elections for senators and representatives, shall be prescribed in each state by the legislature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations, except as to the places of choosing senators. Under this clause of the Constitution, Congress without question provided for the election of its members by separate districts, composed of contiguous territory, and required the election in every district throughout the United States to be held on the Tuesday after the first Monday of November in every second year. In other respects, however, the exercise of power by Congress on this subject has been contested in the courts. In the several cases it has been held, that Congress, having a supervisory control over the election of its members, and being authorized to make regulations of its own, or to alter regulations made by any state, can by statute impose duties on state officers of election, punish the non-performance by such officers of their duties, whether imposed by laws of the state or by acts of Congress, and provide for the appointment of officers of the United States to execute the regulations as made by Congress or by the states.(16) It has also been held that Congress can, for the protection of the voters at congressional elections, punish acts of violence or intimidation done in furtherance of a conspiracy to prevent a voter Wrom exercising the franchise at such elections;(17) and it can punish interference with election officers when engaged in the discharge of their official duties.(18)
	The appointment and mode of appointment of electors belong exclusively to the states. Congress is empowered to determine the time of choosing electors and the day on which they shall give their votes, which must be the same day throughout the United States, but otherwise the power and jurisdiction of the state is exclusive, with the exception of the provisions as tow the number of electors and the ineligibility of certain persons, so framed as to exclude federal influence.(19)

Immigrants and allens.
124. The states cannot,(20), and the United States can,(21) control and regulate immigration and the residence of aliens in the United States. This power is an incident of sovereignty which cannot be aliemnated in the exercise of
the treaty-making power.(22) Congress may, therefore, prohibit the immigration of any class of persons; it may expel, and compel the deportation of, resident aliens; and (23) it may forbid the transit of aliens across the territory of the United States.(24) Congress may authorize the courts to investigate and ascertain the facts on which depends the right to land or to remain in the country;(25) or it may entrust to administrative officers the final determination of these facts;(26) and the decisions of such officers will constitute due process of law,(27) and will be binding on the courts. Congress may authorize a United States commissioner to determine the facts upon which citizenship depends.(28) While Congress may, as a means to give effect to the legislation excluding or expelling aliens, authorize their detention in temporary confinement, Congress nevertheless cannot, unless provision be made for a judicial trial, declare an unlawful residenee in the country to be an infamous crime punishable by imprisoninent at hard labour.(29) An administrative officer when executing a statute affecting the liberty of persons may not disregard the fundamental requirement of due process of law. There must, therefore, be adequate notice to, and a hearing of, the person affected;(30)  but defects in the form of the proceeding will not affect its validity, or the finality of its conclusion.(31) The existing legislation is applicable only to persons owing allegiance to a foreign government, and,therefore, does not affect citizens of Porto Rico;(32) nor does it affect a child born in the United States of parents who, while remaining aliens, have a permanent domicile and residence in the United States.(33)

Personal and property rights.
125. The states retain full control over the personal and property rights of their citizens and of residents within their territory, subject to the restraints imposed by the ConStitUtion.(34) The states retain the power of regulating the tenure of real property within their respective limits, including the mode of its acquisition and transfer, the rules of its descent and the extent to which a testamentary disposition may be made of such land by its owner, and a state may forbid the United States, by reason of its not being a corporation created by the laws of that state, to take by devise lands within the state.(35) The states may legislate specially for the sale or investment of the estates ofinfants and other persons not sui juris.(36) The shores of navigable waters, and th e soil under those waters, were not granted by the Constitution to the United States, but were reserved to the riparian states respectively, and new states have the same rights, sovereignty, and jurisdiction over this subject as the original states.(37) The United States having no proprietary title to lands on the shore of a state, under navigable waters and below high-water mark, can grant no valid title thereto.(38) A state may, therefore, prohibit, or license under regulation, the taking of oysters and fish in the navigable waters within its limits.(39) The states may determine what classes of persons shall come and remain within their territory,(40) provided, of course, that they do not thereby impair the rights of intercourse and traffic secured by the Constitutions to citizens of other states, nor come into conflict with the regulations made by the United States as to immigration and the residence of aliens.(41) The Constitution makes no provision f or the protection of the citizens of the several states in their religious liberty, and imposes no restraints on the states in that respect. Therefore, a judgment of a state court imposing a fine upon a clergyman for violation of a munincipal ordinance regulating the place and manner of conducting funeral services, is not subject to review in the Supreme Court of the United States.(42)

The rights within a state of citizens of other states.
126. Section 2 of Article IV of the Constitution declares that "the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states. "As Miller, J., said, in the Slaughter House Cases,(43) the "sole purpose" of this constitutional provision "was to declare to the several states, that whatever those rights, as you grant or establish them to your own citizens, or as you limit, or qualify, or impose restrictions on their exercise, the same, neither more nor less, shall be the measure of the rights of citizens of other states within your jurisdiction."(44) Washington,J., said, in Corfield v. Coryell,(45) the privileges and immunities in question are those "which are fundamental, which belong of right to all citizens of all free governments, and which have at all times been enjoyed by citizens of the several states wbich compose this Union, from the time of their becoming free, independent, and sovereign," including "protection by the government, with the right to acquire and possess property of everv kind, and to pursue and obtain happiness and safety, subject, nevertheless, to such restraints as the government may prescribe for the general good of the whole." In Paul v. Virginia, (46) Field, J., said, "The privileges and immunities secured to citizens of each state in the several states . . . are those privileges and immunities which are common to the citizens in the latter states under their constitutions and laws by virtue of their being citizens. Special privileges enjoyed by citizens in their own states are not secured in other states by this provision. It was not intended by the provision to give to the laws of one state any operation in other states. They can have no such operation, except by the permission, express or implied, of those states. The special privileges which they confer must, therefore, be enjoyed at home, unless the assent of other states to their enjoyment therein be given." It is clear that this provision guarantees the privileges and immunities of citizens of other states, and has no reference to action by a state in respect to its own eitizens.(47) "The Constitution of the United States does not make the privileges and immunities enjoyed by the citizens of one state under the constitution and laws of that state the measure of the privileges and immunities to be enjoyed, as of right, by a citizen of another state under its constitution and laws.(48) Nor does this constitutional provision vest the citizens of one with any interest in the common property of citizens of another state. Therefore, a statute of a state by which other than its own citizens are prohibited from planting or taking oysters from the soil which is covered by the tide-waters of that state, is not a violation of any privilege or immunity of citizens, for, subject to the paramount right of navigation, the regulation of which in relation to foreign and interstate commerce has been granted to Congress by the Constitution, each state owns the soil of all tide-waters within its, jurisdiction, and may appropriate them to be used by its citizens in common for cultivating and taking fish, etc., if navigation be not thereby obstructed.(49) Nor does this constitutional provision require a state to confer upon citizens of other states peculiar privileges granted to its own citizens; thus, the privilege of community of acquets or gains as between married persons in Louisiana, as regards lands in Louisiana acquired by a citizen of Mississippi who, while living in that state, has married a woman born in Louisiana, cannot be claimed as a constitutional right, for the wife by her marriage became a citizen of Mississippi.(50) On the same principle, a state may enact a statute of limitations, discrimiiiating, as regards suits against non-resident defendants, against creditors, if citizens of other states, and in favour of creditors who are citizens of the state.(51) On the other hand, a state cannot without contravening this constitutional provision, so discriminate by taxation against either the natural products of, or the goods manufactured in, another state, as to hinder the citizens of that other state in their exercise of the rights of freely transporting and selling their goods manufactured or unmaniifactured.(52) Nor can a state by taxation, or otherwise, restrict the exercise by the citizens of other states of their right of free transit from place to place within the United States, in order to approach the seat of government of the United States and the federal offices in the various states.(53) Nor can a state by statute provide that in the distribution of the assets of insolvent debtors local creditors shall be given priority over creditors wbo are citizens of other states.(54)

Foreign corporations.
127. Foreign corporations are, in the states of the United States, corporations created by any other state, or bv a foreign government. A joint stock partnership organized under the laws of a foreign country, with a statutory recognition of the distinctive entity of the association and with powers of transfer of shares and succession of members, and the right to sue and be sued as an aggregation, is regarded in the United States as a foreign corporation. (55) A corporation is not, in its corporate capacity, a citizen, within the meaning of the Constitution; but for jurisdictional purposes there is a conclusive presumption of law that it is composed of citizens of the state which ereated it and it may sue and be sued in its corporate name.(57) A foreign corporation is not a citizen within the meaning of Section 2 of Article IV of the Constitution, which declares that "the citizens of each state shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities of citizens in the several states." (58) While corporations are persons within the meaning of the XIV Amendment,"(59) they are not entitled to such equal protection of the laws as to have the right to do business within a state, other than that of their incorporation, without being hampered by such discriminating conditions as the state may choose to impose.(60) A corporation exists only in contemplation of law and by force of law, and it can have no legal existence beyond the bounds of the sovereignty creating it, unless it be, by comity, permitted to exist within the bounds of some other sovereignty,(61) save only, that a state may not exclude from its limits a corporation which is in the employ of the federal government(62) or which is engaged in interstate or foreign commerce.(63) Of course, if there be no prohibitory legislation, it is not competent for an individual citizen, not personally interested in the corporation, to object to the doing of business within a state by a foreign corporation.(64) Unless the local law prohibit, a foreign corporation, if its charter so authorizes, may sue and be sued in the courts of a state,(65) make contracts,(66) acquire and hold real estate,(67) buy and sell bills of exchange,(68) and negotiate and issue policies of life and fire insurance.(69) Corporations, by doing business within the bounds of a sovereignty other than that which has created them, do not become corporations of that other sovereignty, nor lose privileges which are incident to their citizenship in the sovereignty which created them. Therefore, a railway corporation of Maryland does not, by becoming lessee of a railway in Virginia, forfeit its right to remove into the Circuit Court of the United States a suit brought against it in the courts of Virginia by a citizen of that state.(70) A state may discriminate in favour of its own corporations and against foreign corporations;(71) it may tax foreign corporations;(72) it may arbitrarily refuse to foreign corporations permission to do business within its territory, or it may give its consent on any conditions which "are not repugnant to the Constitution or laws of the United States, nor inconsistent with those rules of public law which secure the jurisdiction and authority of each state from encroachment by all orbers, or that principle of natural justice which forbids condemnation without opportunity for defense; (73) it may impose on a foreign corporation a condition that service of process on the resident agent representative of the corporation on reasonable notice shall be considered a service upon the corporation,(74) and it may prohibit the transaction of the business of insurance within its bounds by a foreign corporation, or it may impose in its discretion conditions on the performance of such business, for contracts of insurance being covenants for indemnity and not articles of commerce, the negotiation and issue of policies of insuranee are not trans actions of foreign or interstate commerce.(75) But a state cannot, by any alteration of the conditions imposed upon foreign corporations doing business within the state, impair the obligation of contracts lawfully made.(76) So also a state cannot rightfully impose as a condition the non-exercise by a corporation of its right of removing to the courts of the United States actions brought against it in the courts of the state.(77) If, however, a state prohibit a foreign corporation fron doing business within its bounds because the corporation will not forego the exercise of its right of removal of actions, the corporation cannot be protected by an injunction issued by the courts of the United States;(78) but a state statute, requiring foreign corporations as a condition of doing business in a state to stipulate that they will not remove into the courts of the United States causes which under the laws of the United States they would be entitled to remove, is void; (79) and a servant of the corporation(80) cannot be convicted for doing business for a corporation which had not complied with the statute.(81) A substantial compliance by a foreign corporation with the condition on which it is permitted to do business within the bounds of another sovereignty is sufficient; thus, the law of Colorado requiring the filing of a certificate "designating the principal place where the business of such corporation shall be carried on in this state, and an authorized agent or agents, residing at its principle place of business, upon whom process may be served," is sufficiently complied with by a certificate naming the town in which the business is to be earried on and stating "that the general manager of said corporation residin- at the said principal place of business, is the agent upon whom process may be served," but not giving the name of the general manager.(82) A foreign corporation does not, by making a single contract for the sale of machinery, come within the provisions of a statute forbidding foreign corporations to "do any business" within the state,(83) but it does come within a similar statute when it loans money upon a note and mortgage solicited by its agent and executed within the state, although the instruments especially stipulate that they are made with reference to and under the laws of the home state of the corporation.(84) Moreover, a foreign insurance company does not cease to do business within the state by withdrawiing its agent and refusing new risks if its old policies continue in force and premiums are paid thereon by the policy-holders. (85)
	Every one who deals with a foreign corporation impliedly subjects himself to the laws of the foreign government which chartered the corporation, so far as those laws affect the powers and obligations of the corporation or the validity, enforcement, or disebarge of its contracts; thus, for instance, a holder in the United States of bonds, issued by a railway corporation of Canada, but negotiated, and stipulated to be paid, in the United States, is bound by the terms of a statutory scheme of arrangement enacted by the Parliament of Canada subsequently to the issue and sale of the bonds.(86) On the same principle, a holder in Louisiana of a policy of life insurance issued in that state by a Missouri corporation is chargeable with notice of the insurance laws of Missouri substituting the insurance commissioner of that state as the representative of insolvent insurance companies.(87)

The I Amendment.
128. The I Amendment declares that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." The clause as to religion cannot "be invoked as a protection against legislation for the punishment of acts inimical to the peace, good order, and morals of society;"(88) nor does the clause prevent Congress from declaring the marriage, in a territory or other place over whieh the United States have exclusive jurisdiction, of any person having a husband or wife living and undivorced, etc., to be bigamy; nor can one convicted of bigamy successfully defend upon his allegation that he religiously believed in plural mariages;(89) nor does this clause prohibit a contract of the commissioners of the District of Columbia with an incorporated charitable association for the application of the moneys of the United States in the construction of hospital buildings in which paupers are to be housed and to be cared for by devotees of the Roman Catholic faith;(90) nor does the clause as to the freedom of speech and of the press prohibit congressional legislation forbidding the transportation of lottery tickets and advertisements by the mails;(91) nor does the Amendment forbid congressional prohibition of the immigration of anarchists.(92)

The XIII Amendment.
129. The XIII Amendment declares that "neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction," and that "Congress shall have power to enforce this Article by appropriate legislation." This provision does not validate an act of Congress which declares it to be a crime to conspire to deprive others of the equal protection of the laws.(93) Nor does the XIII Amendment prohibit the creation of monopolies by a state, such as the exclusive right of providing a place for the slaughtering of cattle.(94) Nor does it prohibit state legislation requiring railway companies to furnish separate accomodations for white and coloured passengers.(95) Nor does it prohibit congressional legislation providing for the punishment of sailors wbo desert a ship after having contracted to serve upon it.(96) Nor does it invalidate a promissory note made before the adoption of the Amendment, the consideration for which note was the price of a slave, slavery having been lawful by the lex loci contractus at the time the note was given,(97) and this rule holds even where the vendor made an express warranty, warranting the cliattel to be a slave for life and the warrantor's title to him to be clear and perfect.(98) And, on the same principle, the estate of a former slave-owner may recover from one who used those slaves upon his own plantation a fair rental for their use, estimated to the time when they became free.(99)

The XIV Amendment.
130. The XIV Amendment declares that " all persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the state wherein they reside. No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any state deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." The purposes of the Amendment are to define citizenship of the United States and of the states, to confer citizenship upon negroes, to secure against hostile legislation of the states those privileges and immunities which are common to citizens of the United States,(100) and to protect all natural persons within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States, without regard to difference of race, colour, nationality, or citizenship.(101) The Amendment does not confer upon women the right of suffrage,(102) nor the right to practice law.(103) The provision that "no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or im unities of citizens of the United States" protects, it seems, only those rights  which are secured against state encroachment by other elauses of the Constitution: it does not extend to state legislation those restrictions which the first eight Amendments impose upon congressional action.(104) Within the meaning of the Constitution, due process of law is secured when the laws operate on all alike and no one is subjected to an arbitrary exercise of the powers of government. The provision does not control mere forms of procedure, while, on the other hand, the bare observance of legal forms is insufficient when the proceedings are manifestly fraudulent.(105) The prohibition of state legislation which denies to any person the equal protection of the laws, prevents the enactment of laws which discriminate unjustly against aiay citizen, although special legislation, as such, is not prohibited.(106) And while corporations are persons within the meaning of the Amendment,(107) yet foreign corporations are not entitled to such equal protection of the laws as to have the right to do business within a state without being hampered by such diseriminating conditions as the state may choose to impose.(108)

The equal protection of the laws.
131. The provision of the XIV Amendment that no state shall "deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws" requires that equal security be given to all under like Circumstances in the enjoyment of their personal and civil rights. The officers of a municipality may not, in the administration of an ordinance regulating the carrying on of a lawful business within the corporate limits, make arbitrary and unjust discriminations, founded on differences of race, between persons otherwise similarly placed.(109) A state may not, to the prejudice of a coloured man, who is put upon his trial for an offense against its laws, refuse to other coloured men the privilege of serving upon the jury, nor compel such prisoner to submit to a trial by a jury from which citizens of African descent are by reason of their race excluded;(110) but a prisoner cannot insist upon having a jury composed, either in part or in whole, of his own race, for all that he can rightfully demand is a jury from which men of his race are not excluded because of their colour.(111) A state may not require railroad companies to transport passengers or freight at unreasonably low rates, for in so far as such corporations are denied the right, while others are permitted, to receive reasonable profits upon their invested capital, those corporations are deprived of the equal proteetion of the laws.(112) So also a statute is unconstitutional which provides, as a penalty upon railroad companies for failure to pay certain debts, that parties successfully suing the companies to recover such debts shall be entitled to attorney's fees, but which gives to the companies no like or corresponding benefit.(113) So also a statute is unconstitutional which, although general in its terms, is designed to limit the charges of a single stockyards company and which does not limit the charges whieh may be made by similar companies doing like business.(114) And a statute is unconstitutional which prohibits the recovery of the price of articles sold by a trust or combination formed in restraint of trade, but which does not apply to agricultural products or live stock in the hands of the producer or raiser.(115) A corporation is a person within the meaning of the Amendment.(116)
	But a law is presumptively constitutional whenever it operates alike on all persons and property similarly situated, and while a state may not make a classification of the objects of legislation an excuse for an unjust discrimination, or the oppression or spoliation of a particular class, yet special legislation, as such, is not prohibited by the Amendment.(117) A state may grant a monopoly of the slaughtering of cattle.(118) It may require that prior to the admission to its territory of a corporation of another state, such conditions as it may designate shall be observed;(119) it may prohibit a white and a negro from living toother in adultery or fornication under more severe penalties than those to which the parties would be subjected were they of the same race and colour;(120) it may classify railroads for the purpose of regulating fares,(121) and may establish reasonable rates of fare;(122) it may reasonably limit the rates of water supply companies;(123) it may fix the tolls which may be charged by turiapike companies, (124) and the rates which may be charged by grain elevator companies,(125) and in neither case is it necessary that the regulations so imposed be uniform throughout the state; it may make railroad corporations(126) or all corporations(127) liable for injuries to employees caused by the negligence of fellow-employees; it may prohibit the sale of oleo margarine within its limits;(128) it may prohibit the manufacture and sale of oleomargarine which contains colouring matter, although permitting the use of colouring matter in butter;(129) it may authorize municipalities to improve streets and to assess the owners of adjoining lots
for the benefits accruing to them from the improvements;(130) and it may provide that the proposed improvements shall not be made if a majority of the resident holders of adjoining property protest, although the privilege of interference is not given to non-residents, where there is no discrimination in the assessment for the improvements;(131) it may impose upon railroad companies liability to punitive damages for injuries caused by their omission to fence their tracks as required by law;(132) it may impose upon railway companies alone a penalty for allowing certain weeds to go to seed upon their right of way;(133) it may tax corporate securities at their face value,(134) and may classify property (135) and occupations(136) for the purpose of taxation, for the Amendment was not intended to compel the states to adopt an iron rule of equal taxation; it may tax all companies exercising the franchises of corporations within its limits on the privilege of exercising those franchises; (137) it may require the railroad companies of the state to pay the expenses of the state railroad commission,(138) and the electric companies to pay the salaries of the subway commissioners;(139) it may provide that licenses to sell liquor shall not be granted save on the compliance by the applicant with certain conditions, which conditions may be more burdensowne than those imposed upon persons engaged in other lines of business;(140) it may allow a county or smaller district to prohibit the sale of liquor within its limits, but, discriminating in favour of prohibition, forbid the sale in the smaller district when it is prohibited by the coumty containing that district; (141) and it may allow a municipality to prohibit the sale or gift of liquors except by drugists, manufacturers, persons who give away liquors in their private dwellings, and railway corporations dispensing liquors in their cars under state license;(142) it may apportion the movable property of railroads among its eounties for assessment and taxation without so apportioning property owned by other corporations or by individuals;(143) it may require all railroad companies to remove grade crossings under certain conditions;(144) it may require grain elevator companies to insure grain stored by them;(145) it may provide that persons who have been before convincted of crime shall suffer severer punishment for subsequaent offenses than for a first offense against the law;(146) it may provide that lands on the banks of a river may be taken- for levees without compensation, the provision applying alike to all owners of riparian lands;(147) it may require that white and coloured passengers on railroads within the state be transported in separate cars;(148) it may provide that the costs in actions improperly instituted shall be borne by the prosecutor;(149) it may make railroad companies liable in damages for all fires along their routes caused by their locomotives (150) and provide, as a police regulation, that in an action to recover such damages the plaintiff, if successful, shall be allowed a reasonable attorney's fee;(151) it may provide that in successful actions against life and health insurance companies the plaintiff shall be allowed an attorney's fee, although a similar condition is not imposed on other insurance companies or on mutual relief associations; (152) it may allow to a successful plaintiff an attorney's fee in a suit on a policy covering real estate where the property has been totally destroyed, an-d exclude the right to such fee in suits to enforce policies on other classes of property, or where there has not been a total destruction of the property covered by the insurance;(153) it may provide that under certain conditions a change of venue shall be allowed to a party suing or sued by a corporation having more than fifty stockholders;(154) it may provide that any person who drives a herd over a public highway, where such highway is constructed on a hillside, shall be liable for all damages caused by such animals, without imposing this absolute liability on those who move animals otherwise than in herds;(155) it may regulate the heating of steam passenger cars, although at thc, same time it declares that the regulations shall not apply to railroads less than fifty miles in length;(156) it may limit the hours of labour in
 mines,(157) and on public contracts;(158) it may commit to administrative officers the power to determine the right of citizens to serve as jurors, and it does not deny to any person accused of crime the equal protection of the laws unless discrimination against certain classes of citizens is shown in the actual adiministration of the statute;(159) it may provide that in suits on policies of fire insurance the defendant shall not be permitted to deny that the value of the property destroyed was that set forth in the policy of insurance, although no such provision is made concerning insurance against the destruction of property from causes other than fire;(160) it may give to residents priority over non-resident corporations in the distribution of the assets of insolvent debtors, for the prohibition relates ouly to the denial by the state of equal protection to persons "within its jurisdiction;"(161) it may provide that if on the day of discharge of any railroad employee the wages then due to him be not paid the railroad shall be subject to a penalty;(162) it may provide that in a trial for murder the court may, on the motion of either the state or the prisoner, order a struck jury, and that in such case the accused shall be allowed only five peremptory challenges, while in ordinairy trials for murder the accused shall be allowed twenty peremptory challenges; (163)it may provide for the indictment of prisoners by information and their trial by a jury composed of eight instead of twelve jurors;(164) it may declare a presumption that policy slips are held for an unlawful purpose when in the possession of persons other than public officers;(165) it may authorize municipalities to annex adjoining tracts of land used for other than agricultural purposes;(166) it may prohibit all labour on Sunday except works of nec-assity and charity, providing, as a matter of law, that the keeping of a barber shop on Sunday shall not be deemed to be a work of necessity, but leaving the character of other kinds of labour to be determined as questions of fact; (167) it may impose a license tax upon persons and corporations carrying on the business of refining sugar and molasses, while exempting from such taxation planters who refine their own sugar and molasses;(168) it may tax persons who are engaged in hiring labourers to be employed beyond the limits of the state, although no such tax is imposed upon the business of hiring persons to labour within the state;(169) it may provide that mis-statements, other than fraudulent, in answer to interrogatories in applications for policies of life insurance shall not invalidate policies issued on the strength of those answers;(170) it may establish two district criminal courts and allow to the state an appeal from one of these courts although not allowing to it an appeal from the other;(171) it may provide that the real estate of corporations shall be assessed by a procedure different from that used in determining the value of real estate owned by individuals;(172) it may require the assessement of railroad property which escaped taxation in preceding years, without providing for the assessment of other property which escaped taxation in the same period;(173) it may prohibit railway companies from charging more for shorter than for longer hauls, except by permission of the railroad commission;(174) it may prohibit the making of options for the purchase or sale of commodities;(175) it may prohibit contracts for the sale of corporate stock on margin;(176) and it may provide for the inspection of all mines in which more than five men are employed, and, after stipulating the fees to be charged by the inspectors, permit them to determine the number of inspections per year required by each mine.(177) So also a municipality may forbid the use of steam-power by railways on designated streets without forbidding its, use by companies which traverse other streets of the City;(178) it may forbid washing and ironing in public laundries within definite limits between prescribed hours;(179) it may prohibit the keeping of a private market within six squares of a public market,(180) and it may forbid the maintenance of a cow stable within municipal limits without the permission of the municipal assemblv.(181) So also a saloon keeper may be denied a renewal of his license upon the ground that he is not a suitable person to conduct the business;(182) a prisoner may be tried and sentenced by a judge de facto of a court de jure;(183) a prisoner convicted of conspiracy to defraud may be subjected to a heavier sentence than is imposed on a co-conspirator;(184) judicial procedure may be regulated, provided the same course of procedure be applied to all persons under similar conditions;(185) a board of education which has not sufficient funds to maintain two high schools may exclude negroes from a high school which is maintained for the benefit of white students;(186) and a mayor may be given authority to grant or refuse permission to move buildings along the streets of a city.(187) The power of enforerement by appropriate legislation, vested by the Amendment in Congress, does not authorize congressional legislation with regard to individuals, for the Amendment restrains state and not individual action; it has, therefore, been held that Section 5519, Revised Statutes of the United States, declaring it to be a crime punishable by fine and imprisonment for any two or more persons to conspire to deprive any person of the equal protection of the law is unconstitutional.(188) It has also been held that the Civil Rights legislation of Congress(189) declaring that all persons within the jurisdiction of the United States shall be entitled to the full and equal enjoyment of inns, transportation facilities, etc., and subjecting to fine and imprisonment, and also to a liability to damages in an action at law, any person violating the provisions of the statute, is unauthorized by the Amendment, the ground of decision being that the Amendment is prohibitory of state legislation and action, and that, therefore, it is not in the power of Congress to directly legislate for the protection of individual rights against wrong doing by individuals.(190)

The police power.
132. The police power is that function of government, by the exercise of whee-h, all persons, who are subject to the sovereignty of the government exercising the power, are, for ends of public policy, restrained in their use, or enjoymeiat, of some right of person or of property. The poliee power may attain its end by absolutely prohibiting the exercise of a particular right, or by so regulating the exercise of that right as to permit its use under conditions, and, if the power exists, the extent to which it may be exercised in any case is limited only by the will of the government, or the department thereof, in which the power may be vested, unless a restraint be imposed by organic law. It is clear that the United States cannot exercise within territory of a state any portion of the state's police power, but it is equally clear that the United States can exercise therein whatever of the police power is applicable to the protection or regulation of the rights of person or of property which are granted by the Constitution of the United States. It may be said upon one side, that the autonomy of the states is nothing more than a name, if the police power is not to be exclusively exercised by them, and that the constitutional grant to the United States of any power which in its exercise may affect the internal conerns of a state must be uraderstood to have been made on the implied condition that its exercise is to be subject to the police power of the state. It may be said, on the other side, that, as the power of police involves a power not only to control, but also to forbid, the powers granted by the Constitution to the United States would be nugatory, if the states might veto, under the pretense of regulating. It may be repeated here as it has been said in another connection,(191) that while the states did not, by the adoption of the Constitution, surrender their local powers of government, yet, neverthelsess, the territorial limits of each state's jurisdiction, the grant to the United States of powers conflicting with state sovereignty, and a due regard to the right of citizens of other states, must so limit each state's otherwise unlimited police powers, that those powers shall not be so exercised as to interfere with the full exercise of the powers granted to the United States.
	Therefore, persons or property brought within the territory of a state in the exercises of any federal right are exempt from obstructive state control until the federal power shall have ceased to operate, and the persons, or property, on which it acted sha11 have merged in the mass of persons, or property, within the territory of the state.

(1) 116 Wall. 72.
(2) U. S. v. Wong Kim Ark, 169 U. S. 649.
(3) The Slaughter House Cases, 16 Wall. 73; U. S. v. Cruikshank, 92 U. S. 548; U. S. v. Wong Kim Ark, 169 id. 649, cf. Elk v. Wilkins, 112 id. 94. Congress mav, by statute or treaty, provide for the collective naturalization of the citizens of a territory ilipon its admission to statehood: Boyd v. Nebraska, 143 U. S. 135; Contren v. U. S., 179 id. 191.
(4) Chirac v. Chirac, 2 Wheat. 2169; Dred Scott v. Sandford, 19 How. 405.
(5) Collet v. Collet, 2 Dall. 294.
(6) 119 How. 393.
(7) 1 Stroder v. Graham, 10 How. 93; Holmes v. Jenuison, 14 Pet. 540; Groves v. Slaughter, 15 id. 449; Priggv. Pennsylvania, 16 id. 539,
(8) Pope v. Williams, 193 TJ. S. 621.
(9) Wiley v. Sinkler, 179 U. S. 58. See also Mason v. Missouri, ibid. 328; Swafford v. Templeton, 185 id. 487.
(10) Minor v. Happersett, 21 Wall. 162.
(11) Ex parte Yarbrough, 110 17. S. 665. See Giles v. Harris, 189 id. 475; Giles v. Teasley, 193 id. 146.
(12) U. S. v. Reese, 92 U. S. 214.
(13) James v. Bowman, 190 U. B. 127.
(14) U. S. v. Cruikshank, 92 U. S. 542.
(14)a Wiley v. Sinkler, 179 U.S. 58; Swafford v. Templeton, 185 id. 487.
(14)b Giles v. Harris, 189 U.S. 475; Harlan, Brewer, and Brown, JJ., dissented.
(14)c. Giles v. Teasley, 19 3 U. S. 146.
(15) XV Amendment; Stratuder v. West Virginia, 100 U. S. 303; Virginia v. Rives, ibid. 313; Ex par-to Virginia, ibid. 339; Neal v. Delaware, 103 id 370; Gibson v. Mi@ip-pi, 162 id. 565; Carter v. Texas, 177 id. 442; Rogers v. Alabama, 192 @. 226.
(16) Ex parte Siebold, 100 U. S. 371; Ex paurte Clarke, ibid. 399; In re Coy, L27 id. 731.
(17) Ex parte Yarbrough, 110 U. S. 651.
(18) Connors v. U. B., 158 U. S. 408.
(19) McPherwn v. Blinker, 146 U. S. 1; in row Green, 134 id. 377.
(20) Chy Lung v. Freeman, 92 U. S. 273, 28 0.
(21) The Chinese Exclusion Case, 130 U. S. -Z81.
(22) The Chinese Exclusion Case, supra.
(23) Foug Yue Ting v. U. S., 149 U. S. 698.
(24) @ Fok Yung Yo v. U. S., 185 U. S. 296.
(25) U. S. v. Jung Ah Luing, 124: U. S. 621.
(26) U. S. v. Sing Tuck, 194 U. S. 161; Li Sing v. U. 6., 180 id. 486.
(27) Nishimura Ekiu v. U. S., 142 U. S. 651, 660.
(28) U.S. v. Wong Kim Ark, lC39 U. S. 649; Chin Bak Kan v. U.S., 186 id. 193.
(29) Wong Wing v. U. S., 163 U. S. 228.
(30) The Japanese Immigrant Case, 189 U. S. 86.
(31) Pong Yue Ting, 149 U. S. 698, 729; Chin Bak Kan v. U. S., 186 id. 193.
(32) Gonzales v. Williams, 192-U. S. 1.
(33) U. S. v. Wong Kim Ark, 169 U. S. 649.
(34) The first eight Amendments bind only the federal government: Spies v. Illinois, 123 U. S. 131, 166; Eilenbecker v. Plymouth County, 134 id. 31; In re Kemmler, 136 id. 436; McElvaine v. Brush, 142 id. 155; Thorington v. Montgomery, 147 id. 490; Moore v. Missouri, 159 id. 673; Brown v. New Jersey, 175 id. 172; C. C. D. Co. v. Ohio, 183 id. 238; Ohio v. Dollison, 194 id. 445. The provision of the XIV Amendment that "no state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States" protects, it seems, only those rights which are secured against state encroachment by other clauses of the Constitution. See In re Kemmler, 136 U. S. 436, 448; Giozza v. Tiernan, 148 id. 657, 661; Duncan v. Missouri, 152 id. 377, 382; Maxwell v. Dow, 176 id. 581; Slaughter House Cases, 16 Wall. 36, 79; Bartemeyer v. Iowa, 18 id. 129; Presser v. Illinois, 116 U. S. 252; Mugler v. Kansas, 123 id. 623; In re Lockwood, 154 id. 116; Gray v. Connecticut, 159 id. 74; Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 id. 537; Holden v. Hardy, 169 id. 366; Cumm ing v. Board of Education, 175 id. 528; W. P. S. C. v. Caspefson, 193 id. 189; Ohio v. Dollison, 194 id. 445. The Amendment does not extend to state legislation the restrictions which the first eight Amendments impose upon congressional action: Maxwell v. Dow, 176 U. S. 581, 597. Harlan, J., dissented.
(35) U. S. v. Fox, 94 U. S. 315.
(36) Hoyt v. Sprague, 103 U. S. 613.
(37) Pollard v. Hagan, 3 How. 212; Weber v. Harbour Commissioners, 18 Wall. 57; Shively v. Bowlby, 152 U. S. 1; M. T. Co. v. Mobile, 187 id. 479.
(38) Pollard v. Hagan, 3 How. 212; Goodtitle v. Kibbe, 9 id. 471; Doe v. Beebe, 13 id. 25; U. S. v. M. R. Co., 189 U. S. 391.
(39) Smith v. Maryland, 18 How. 71; McCready v. Virginia, 94 U. S. 391.
(40) Holmes v. Jennison, 14 Pet. 540; Groves v. Slaughter, 15 id. 449; Prigg v. Pennsylvania, 16 id. 539.
(41) Supra, See. 124.
(42) Permoli v. First Municipality, 3 How. 589.
(43) 16 Wall. 77.
(44) See, on the same line, KimTnigh v. Ball, 129 U. S. 217, 222. Compare T. I. Co. v. Connecticut, 185 id. 364.
(45) 4 Wash. C. C. 371.
(46) 8 W&U. 180.
(47) Bradwell v. State, 16 Wall. 130.
(48) Harlan, J., in McKane v. Durston, 153 U. S. 684, 687.
(49) McCready v. Virginia, 94 U.S.391. See also Geer v. Connecticut, 161 id. 519.
(50) Conner v. Elliott, 18 How. 593; Curtis, J., said, "We do not deem it needful to attempt to define the word 'privileges' in the clause of the Constitution. It is safer and more in accordance with the duty of a judicial tribunal, to leave its meaning to be determined in each case, upon a view of the particular rights asserted and denied therein, and especiallv is this true, when we are dealing with so broad a provision, involving matters not only of great delicacy and importanee, but which are of such a character that any merely abstract definition could scarcely be correct; and a failure to make it so would certainly produce mischief."In McCready v. Virginia, 94 U.S. 395, Waite, C. J., after referring to the view thus expressed by Curtis, J., added, "this clearly is the safer course to pursue." These dicta, of course, mean only that in the decision of a cause, the court ought to confiiae themselves to the case at bar and ought not so to generalize as to prejudice cases that have not yet arisen for determination, but they do not mean that the court, in order to arrive at a decision, should reason empirically, and should avoid a clear statement of the general principles whose application must necessarily determine the particular ease. If they did mean that, they would establish a "rule" which is not "salutary," and they would lay down a "course" which is not the "safer" one to pursue.
(51) Chemung Canal Bank v. Lowery, 93 U. S. 72. Strong, J., dissented.
(52) Ward v. Maryland, 12 Wall. 418; Welton v. Missouri, 91 U. S. 275; Guy v. Baltimore, 100 id. 434; Webber v. Virginia, 103 id. 344; Walling v. Michigan, 116 id. 446; Robbins v. Shelby County, 120 id. 489; Corson v. Maryland, ibid. 502; Asher v. Texas, 128 id. 129. But see Hinson v. Lott, 8 Wall. 148; Downham v. Alexandria Council, 10 id. 173; Machine Co. v.
Gage, 100 tT. S. 676; Tiernan v. Rinker, 101 id.123; Ficklen v. Shelby County, 145 id. 1; Emert v. Missouri, 156 id. 296; Rash v. Farley, 159 id. 263.
(53) Crandall v. Nevada, 6 VVall. 35.
(54) Blake v. McClung, 172 U. S. 239, 176 id. 59; Stilly v. American Nat. Bank, 178 id. 289.
(55) L. f. Co. v. Massachusetts, 10 Wall. 566.
(56) The Bank of U. S. v. D eveaux, 5 Cr. 61; Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; Blake v. McClung, 172 U. S. 239; O. 1. Co. v. Daggs, ibid. 557.
(57) L.,C.&C.R. v. Letson, 2 How. 497; Marshall v. B. & 0. R., 16 id. 314; C. D. Co. v. Shepherd, 20 id. 227; O. & M. R. v. Wheeler, 1 Bl. 286; Express Co. v. Kountze Bros., 8 Wall. 342; v. Co. v. Whitton, 13 id. 270; St. L.& S.F. Ry. v. James, 161 TT. S. 545; St. J. & G. 1. R. v. Steele, 167 id. 659; Blake v. McClung, 172 id. @39; L., N. A. & C. Ry. v. L. T. Co., 174 id. 552; S. Ry. v. Allison, 190 id. 326.
(58) Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 U. S. 181; N. & W. R. v. Pennsylvania, 136 id. 114; Blake v. McClung, 172 id. 239; Sully v. American Nat. Bank, 178 id. 289.
(59) Santa Clara County v. S. P. R., 118 U. S. 394; C., C. & A. R. v. Gibbes, 142 id. 386; C. & L. T. Co. v. Sandford, 164 id. 578; G., C. & S. F. Ry. V. Ellis, 165 id. 150; Smyth v. Ames, 169 id. 466; L. S. & M. S. Ry. v. Smith, 173 id. 684; P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 id. 181; M. P. Ry. v. Mackey, 127 id. 205; M. & S. L. Ry. v. Herrick, ibid. 210; @NI. & S. L. Rv. v. Beckwith, 129 id. 26, 28.
(60) P. F. Assn. v. New York, 119 U. S. 110; P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 id. 181; 0. T. Co. v. Daggs, 172 id. 557; W.-P. 0. Co. v. Texas, 177 id. 28; Sully v. American Nat. Bank, 178 id- 289; ef. N. Y., L. E. & W. R. v. Pennsylvania, 153 id. 628; Nutting v. Massachusetts, 183 id. 553.
(61) Bank of Augusta v. Earle, 13 Pet- 519; Runyan v. Coster, 14 id. 122; O. & M. R. v. Wheeler, 1 Bl. 286; P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 U. S. 181; H. S. M. Co. v. New York, 143 id. 305; Ashley v. R@, 153 id. 436; Hooper v. California, 155 id. 648; New York v. Roberts, 171 id. 658; N. Y. L. I. Co. v. Cravens, 178 id. 389; Nutting v. Massachusetts, 183 id. 553. See also D. C. & I. Co. v. Barton, ibid. 23; D. G. Co. v. U. S. G. Co., 187 id. 611.
(62) P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 U. S. 181; H. S. M. Co. v. New York,
143 id. 305.
(63) P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 U. S. ISI; McCall v. California, 136 id. 104; N. & W. R. v. Pennsvlvania, ibid. 114; Crutcher v. Kentucky, 141 id. 47; H. S. NI. Co. v. Ney York, 143 id. 305; Ashley v. Ryan, 153 id. 436; P. T. C. Co. v. Adams, 155 id. 68S; cf. California v. C. P. R., 127 id. 1; Maine v. G. T. Ry. 142 id. 217.
(64) Waite, C. J., said in P. T. Co. v. W. U. T. Co., 96 U. S. 1, 13, "No citizen of a state can enjoin a foreign corporation from pursuing its business. Until the state aets in its sovereign capacity, individual citizens can not complain. The state must determine for itself when the public good requires that its implied assent to the admission shall be withdrawn."
(65) Bank of Augusta v. Earle, 13 Pet. 519, 587; Cowles v. Mercer County, 7 Wall. 118.
(66) Bank of Augusta u. Earle, 13 Pet. 519, 591; Runyan v. Coster, 14 id. 122,129.
(67) Runyan v. Coster, 14 Pc-t. 122; S. F. et A. des E. U. V. Milliken, 135 U. S. 304.
(68) Bank of Augusta V. Earte, 13 Pet. 519.
(69) Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; Ducat v. Chicago, 10 id. 410; L. 1. Co. v. Massachnsetts, ibid. 566; P. F. A. v. New York, 119 U. S. 110.
(70) Railroad Co. v. Koontz, 104 U.S. 5. See also St. L. & S. F. Ry. v. James, 161 id. 545; L., N. A. & C. Ry. v. L. T. Co., 174 id. 552; S. Ry. v. Allison, 190 id. 326.
(71) Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; Dueat v. Chicago, 10 id. 410.
(72) Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; Ducat V. Chicago, 10 id. 410; L. 1. CO. V. Massachusetts, ibid. 566; H. S. M. Co. u. New York, 143 U. S. 305. See also Kidd v. Alabama, 188 id. 730.
(73) L. I. Co. v. French, IS How. 404, 407; Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; St. Clair v. Cox, 106 U. S. 350, 356; H. S. M. Co. v. New York, 143 id. 305; Ashley v. Ryan, 153 id. 436; Hooper v. California, 155 id. 648; New York v. Roberts, 171 id. 658; Bedford v. E. B. & L. Assi3., 181 id. 227.
(74) L. I. Co. v. French, 18 How. 404; St. Clair v. Cox, 106 U. S. 350, 356.
(75) Paul v. Virginia, 8 Wall. 168; Ducat v. Chicago, 10 id. 410; L. I. Co. v. Massachusetts, ibid. 566; P. F. Assn. v. New York, 119 U. S. 110; Hooper alifor@, 155 id. 648; N. Y. L. I. Co. v. Cravens, 178 id. 389.
(76) Bedford v. E. B. & L. Assn., 181 U. S. 227; ef. D. G. Co. v. U. S. G. Co., 187 id. 611.
(77) H. T. Co. v. Morse, 20 Wall. 445; S. P. Co. v. Denton, 146 U. S. 202.
(78) Doyle v. C. 1. Co,, 94 U. S. 535; Cable v. U. S. L. I. Co., 191 id. 288.
(79) Barron v. Buriaside, 121 U. S. 186.
(80) In this case an engine driver of a foreign railway corporation. 
(81) Barron v. Burnside, 121 U. S. 186.
(82) Goodwin v. C. M. I. Co., 110 U. S. 1.
(83) C. M. Co. v. Ferguson, 113 U. S. 72 7. But see also Pritts v. Palmer, 132 id. 282; F. & M. C. Co. v. Fitzgerald, 137 id. 98; C. N. B. & L. Assn. V. Denson, 189 id. 408.
(84) C. N. B. & L. Assn. v. Denson, 189 U- S. 408.
(85) C. M. L. I. Co. v. Spratley, 172 U. S. 602.
(86) C. S. Ry. v. Gebhard, 109 U. S. 527.
(87) Relfe v. Rundle, 103 U. S. 222. See also Pinney v. Nelson, 183 id. 144.
(88) Per Field, J., Davij3 v. Beason, 133 U. S. 333, 342.
(89) Reynolds v. U.S., 98 U.S. 145. See also Mormon Church v. U.S., 136 id. 1.
(90) Bradfield v. Roberts, 175 U. S. 291.
(91) In re Rapier, 143 U. S. 110. As to the right of assembly and of petition, see U. S. v. Cruiksbank, 9,2 U. S. 542, 552.
(92) U. S. v. Williams, 194 U. S. 279, 292.
(93) U. S. v. Harris, 106 U. S. 629.
(94) Slaughter House Cases, 16 Wall. 36.
(95) Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 U. S. 537.
(96) Robertson v. Baldwin, 165 U. S. 275.
(97) White v. Hart, 13 Wall. 646; Boyce v. Tabb, 18 id. 546.
(98) Osborn v. Nicholson, 13 Wall. 654.
(99) Clay v. Field, 138 U. S. 464.
(100) The Slaughter House Cases, 16 Wall. 36. See also See. 119, supra.
(101) Yiek Wo v. Hopkins, 118 U. S. 356.
(102) Minor v. Happersett, 21 Wall. 162.
(103) Bradwell v. The State, i6 Wall. 130.
(104) Maxwell v. Dow, 176 U. S. 581. See also See. 125, supra.
(105) See. 117, supra.
(106) See. 131, infra.
(107) See. 127, supra.
(108) See. 127, supra.
(109) Yiek Wo v. Hopkins, 118 U. S. 356.
(110) Strauder v. West Virginia, 100 U. S. 303; Bush v. Kentucky, 107 id. 110; Gibson v. Mississippi, 162 id. 565; Carter v. Texas, 177 id. 442; Rogers v. Alabama, 192 id. 226. See also Ex parte Virginia, 100 id. 339; Brownfield v. South Carolina, 189 id. 426.
(111) Virginia v. Rives, 100 U. S. 313; Bush v. Kentucky, 107 id. 110; In re Shibuya Jugiro, 140 id. 291, 297; Gibson v. Mississippi, 162 id. 565. See also Williams v. Mississippi, 170 id. 213; Tarrance v. Florida, 188 id. 519.
(112) C.,M.&St.P.Ry. v. Minnesota, 134 U.S. 418; Reagan v. F.L.&T.Co., 154 id. 362; Smyth v. Ames, 169 id. 466; L. S. & M. S. Ry. v. Smith, 173 id. 684; ef. L. & N. R. v. Kentucky, 183 id. 503; M. & St. L. R. v. Minnesota, 186 id. 257.
(113) G., C. & S. F. Ry. v. Ellis, 165 U. S. 150. See, however, A., T. & S. F. R. v. Matthews, 174 id. 96; and also F. M. L. Assn. v. Mettler, 185 id. 308; 1. L. I. Co. v. Lewis, 187 id. 335; F. & M. I. Co. v. Dobney, 189 id. 301. " (114) Cotting v. K. C. S. Y. Co., 1:83 U. S. 79.
(115) Connolly v. U. S. P. Co., 184 U. S. 540.
(116) Santa Clara County v. S.P.R., 118 U. S. 394; P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 id. 181; G.,C.& S.F.Ry. v. Ellis, 165 id. 150; Smyth v. Ames, 169 id. 466; L.S.&M.S.Ry. v. Smith, 173 id. 684; M. P. Ry. v. Mackey, 127 id. 205; M. & St. L. Ry. v. fierrickl, ibid. 210; M. & St. L. Ry. v. Beckwitb, 129 id. 26; C., C. & A. R. 1,. Gibbes, 142 id. 386; C. & L. T. Co. v. Sandford, 164 id. 578.
(117) "Class legislation, discriminating against some,and favouring others, is probibited, but legislatioin which, in carrying out a public purpose, is limited in its application, if within the sphere of its operation it affects alike all persons similarly situated, is not within the Amendment: "Barbier v. Connolly, 113 U.S. 32. "Arbitrary selection ean never be justified by calling it classification.... It is apparent that the mere fact of classification is not sufficient to relieve a statute from the reach of the equality clause of the XIV Amendment, and that in all cases it must appear not only that a classification has been made, but also that it is one based upon some reasonable ground-some difference which bears a just and proper relation to the attempted classification-and is not a mere arbitrary selection:" G.C.&S.F. Ry. v. Ellis, 165 U. S. 159, 165. "The question in each case is whether the legislature has adopted the statute in exercise of a reasonable discretion, or whether its action be a mere excuse for an unjust discrimination, or the oppression or spoliation of a particular class: " Holden v. Hardy, 169 U. S. 398. "Classification...is not invalid because not depending on scientific or marked differences in things or persons in their relations. It suffices if it is practical, and is not reviewable unless palpably arbitrary:" O.I. Co. v. Daggs, 172 U. S. 562. "The very idea of classification is that of inequality, so that it goes without saying that the fact of inequality in no manner determines the matter of constitutionality:" A.,T.&S.F.R. v. Matthews, 174 U. 14. 106.
(118) Slaughter House Cases, 16 WaH. 36.
(119) P. M. Co. v. Pennsylvania, 125 U. S. 181; H. S. M. Co. v. New York, 143 id. 305; New York v. Roberts, 171 id. 658.
(120) Pace L,. Alabama, 106 U.S. 583.
(121) Dow v. Beidelman, 125 U.S. 680.
(122) St.L.&S.F.Ry. v. Gill, 156 U. S. 649; Reagan v. F.L.&T.Co., 154 id. 362; Smyth v. Ames, 171 id. 361; M.&St.L.R. v. Minnesota, 186 id. 257. See also C., M. & St. P. Ry. v. Tompkins, 176 id. 167; L. & N. R. v. Kentucky, 183 id. 503.
(123) Stanislaus County v. S. J. & K. R. C. & 1. Co., 192 U. S. 201.
(124) C. & L. T. Co. v. Sandford, 164 U. S. 578.
(125) Munn v. Illinois, 94 U.S. 113, two justices dissenting; Budd v.New York, 143 id. 517, three justices dissenting; Brass v. North Dakota, 153 id. 391, four justices dissenting.
(126) M.P.Ry. v. Mackev, 127 U. S. 205; M. & St. L. Ry. v. Herrick, ibid.210. (127) Tullis v. L. E. & W. R., 175 U. S. 348. 
(128) Powell v. Pennsylvania, 127 U. S. 678. It may not, however, regulate commerce by prohibiting the We, in original packages, of oleomargarine brought from other states: Schollenberger v. Pennsylvania, 171 U. S. 1.
(129) C. C. D. Co. v. Ohio, 183 U. S. 238.
(130) Walston v. Nevin, 128 U. S. 578; French v. B. A. P. Co., 181 id. 324; Detroit v. Parker, ibid. 399; Shumate v. Heman, ibid. 402; Chadwick i7. Kelley, 187 id. 540; Schaefer v. Werling, 188 id. 516; cf. Norwood v. Baker, 172 id. 269.
(131) Field v. B. A. P. Co.y 194 U. S. 618.
(132) M. P. Ry. v. Humes, 115 U. S. 512; M. & St. L. Ry. v. Beckwith, 129 id. 26; M. & St. L. Ry. v. Emmoias, 149 id. 364.
(133) M., K. & T. Ry. v. May, 194 U. S. 267. Three justices dissented.
(134) B. G. R. v. Pennsylvaiaia, 134 U. S. 232; Jennings v. C. R. C. Co., 147 id. 147.
(135) Kentucky R. Tax Cases, 115 U. S. 321; A. Ex. Co. v. Ohio, 165 id. 194; Magoun v. 1. T. & S. @k, 170 id. 283; Orr v. Gilman, 183 id. 278; P. C. & P. R. v. Reynolds, ibid. 471; Billings v. Illinois, 188 id. 97; Kidd v. Alabama, ibid. 730; Missouri v. Dockery, 191 id. 165. See also M. & M. Bank v. Pennsylvania, 167 id. 461; Connolly v. U. S. P. Co., 184 id. 540.
(136) Giozza v. Tiernan,.148 U. S. 657; Clark v. Titusville, 184 id. 329.
(137) H. I. Co. v. New York, 134 U. S. 594.
(138) C., C. & A. R. v. Gibbes, 142 U. 8, 386.
(139) New York v. Squire, 145 U. S. 175.
(140) Giozza v. Tiernan, 148 U. S. 657.
(141) 41 Rippey v. Texas, 193 U. S. 504.
(142) Ohio v. Dollison, 194 U. S. 445.
(143) C. S. Ry. v. Wright, 151 T:-. S. 470.
(144) N. Y. & N. E. R. v. Bristol_ 151 U. S. 556.
(145) Brass v. North Dakota, 15a U. S. 391.
(146) Moore v. Missouri, 159 U.S. 673; McDonald v. Massachusetts, 180 id. 311.
(147) Eldridge v. Trezevant, 160 U. S. 452.
(148) Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 U. S. 537.
(149) Lowe v. Kansm, 163 U. S. 81.
(150) St. L. & s. P. Ry. v. Mathews, 165 U. S. 1.
(151) A., T. & S. F. R. v. Matthews, 174 U. S. 96. Four justices dissented.
(152) F.M.L. Assn. v. Mettler, 185 U.S. 308. See also I.L.I.Co. v. Lewis, 187 id. 335.
(153) F. & M. I. Co. v. Dobney, 189 U. S. 301. Three justi@ dissented.
(154) C. S. Ry. v. Snell, 193 r. S. 30.
(155) Jones v. Brim, 165 L. S. 180.
(156) N. Y., N. H. & H. R. v. New York, 165 U. S. 628.
(157) Holden v. Hardy, 169 U. Zi. 366. Two justices dissented.
(158) Atkin v. Kansas, 191 U. S. 207. Three justices dissented.
(159) Williams v. Mississippi, 170 U.S. 213; Tarrance v. Florida, 188 id. 519; cf. Carter v. Texas, 177 id. 442; Rogers v. Alabama, 192 id. 226. But the Amendment does not protect individuals against unauthorized acts by state officials: Barney v. City of New York, 193 U. S. 430. See Arbuckle v. Blackburn, 191 id. 405.
(160) O. I. Co. v. Daggs, 172 U. S. 557.
(161) Blake v. McClung, 172 U.S. 239;Sully v. American Nat. Bank, 178 id. 289.
(162) St. L., I. M. & St. P. Ry. v. Paul, 173 U. S. 404.
(163) Brown v.New Jersey, 175 U.S.172. See also Hayes v. Missouri, 120 id. 68.
(164) Maxwell v. Dow, 176 U. S. 581.
(165) Adams v. New York, 192 U. S. 585.
(166) Clark v. Kansas City, 176 U. S. 1 14.
(167) Petit v. Minnesota, 177 U. S. 164.
(168) A. S. R. Co. v. Louisiana, 179 U. S. 89.
(169) Williams v. Fears, 179 U. S. 270.
(170) H. M. L. I. Co. v. Warren,, 181 lLT. S. 73.
(171) Mallet v. North Carolina, 181 U. S. 589.
(172) New York v. Barker, 179 U.S. 279. See also F.C.&P.R. v. Reynolds, 183 id. 471.
(173) F. C. & P. R. v. Reynolds, 183 U. S. 471.
(174) L. & N. R. v. Kentucky, 183 U. S. 503.
(175) Booth v. Illinois, 184 TT. S. 425.
(176) Otis v. Parker, 187 U. ;S. 606.
(177) St. L. C. C. Co. v. Illinois, 185 U. S. 203.
(178) Railroad Co. v. Richmond, 96 U. S. 521.
(179) Barbier v. ConnoUy, 113 U. S. 27; Boon Hing v. Crowley, ibid. 703.
(180) Natal v. Louisiana, 139 U. S. 621.
(181) Fischer v. St. Louis, 194 U. S. 361.
(182) Crowley v. Christensen, 137 U. S. 86.
(183) In re Manning, 139 U. S. 504.
(184) Howard v. Fleming, 191 U. S. 126.
(185) Dancan v. Missouri, 152 U. S. 377; Tinsley v. Anderson, 171 id. 101; Maxwell v. Dow, 176 id. 581; cf. Missouri v. Lewis, 101 id. 22; Brown v. New Jersey, 175 id. 172; Minder v. Georgia, 183 id. 559.
(186) Cumming v. Board of Education, 175 U. S. 528. r*
(187) Wilson v. Eureka City, 173 U. S. 32. See also Davis v. Massachusetts,
167 id. 43; Gundlingv. Chicago, 177 id. 183.
(188) U.S. v. Harris, 106 U. S. 629.
(189) Act 1st March, 1875, 18 Stat. 335.
(190) Civil Rights Cases, 109 U. S. 3. Bee also Barney v. City of New York,
193 id. 430.
(191) Supra, p. 70.

			      CHAPTER XII.
	 THE FEDERAL SUPREMACY AND THE RESERVED RIGHTS OF THE STATES.
 133. The results of federal supremacy.
 134. The constitutional reservation of the rights of the states.
 135. The nature and extent of those reserved rights.
 136. The importance of t-he preservation of the rights of both the United
 States and the states.

The results of federal supremacy.
133. A consideration of the cases which have been cited in the preceding chapters of this book leads to the conclusion that the supremacy of the government of the United States, within its constitutional sphere of action, involves: first, the exercise of judicial power by the government of the United States for the purposes of enforcing the rights created by the Constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States, of punishing offenses against the laws of that governrnent, and of finally determining the judicial construction of the Constitution, statutes, and treaties of the United States, and of the constitutions and statutes of the states, so far as regards subjects of federal jurisdiction; second, the exemption of all property and agencies of the federal government from state control; and third, the non-exercise by the states of powers clashing with the powers granted by the Constitution to the government of the United States.

The constitutional reservation of the rights of the states.
134. Articles IX and X of the Amendments to the Constitution declare that, "the enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people....The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states, are reserved to the states respectively, or to the people." If these Amendments had never been adopted, the construction of the Constitution as a whole would lead inevitably to the conclusion that, in so far as the states are not controlled by the expressed or implied restrictions contained in the Constitution of the United States, they may severally exercise all the powers of independent governments.(1)

The nature and extent of those reserved rights.
135. The nature and extent of the reserved rights of the states must be determined by a process of reasoning by exclusion, involving a statement of the express and implied constitutioiaal restraints upon freedom of state action, and a conclusion that any state may, so far as the United States are concerned, rightfully exercise every power of government which is not included within the specific restraints thus enumerated. A consideration of the terms of the Constitution and of the effect of the judgments of the court, which have been cited in the preceding chapters of this book, renders it easy to formulate a statement of the general nature of the constitutional restraints upon the states. by force of those restraints, a state cannot withdraw from the Union, nor deprive itself of its rights as one of the United States, nor emancipate itself from the constitutional limitations upon freedom of state action; it cannot have any international relations with foreign states, nor with any other of the United States; it cannot enter into treaties with foreign powers, nor make interstate compacts; it cannot engage in war, unless actually invaded, or in such imminent danger as will not admit of delay; it cannot grant letters of marque and reprisal; it cannot adopt any other than a republican form of state government, nor grant any title of nobility; it cannot prescribe the conditions of its citizenship, for the birth within the United States of any person subject to their jurisdiction, or the naturalization of any person under the acts of Congress, followed, in either case, by residence within a state, makes the person so born or naturalized, and so residing, a citizen of that state; it may not, under the penalty of a reduction in the basis of representation, delay or abridge the right to vote at elections for electors, congressmen, state executive, or judicial officers, or legislators of any male inhabitant twenty-one years of age and a citizen of the United States; it cannot, in its regulation of the exercise of the right of suffrage by its citizens, discriminate because of race, colour, or previous condition of servitude; it cannot in its action with regard to its own citizens or with regard to temporary denizens within its territory, abridge those privileges or immunities which are common to citizens of the United States, nor deprive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law, nor deny to any person the equal protection of the laws; it eannot deny to citizens of other states those privileges and immunities of citizenship which it allows to its own eitizens; it cannot control or regulate the immigration or residence of aliens; it cannot tax the property of the United States, nor the agencies em ployed by the United States in the execution of its constitutional powers to such an extent as to interfere with the full performance by such agents of their duties to the United States, nor the subjects of foreign or interstate commerce in such a manner as to amount to a regulation of such commerce, nor lay any imposts or duties on imports or export, except what may be absolutely necessary for executing its inspection laws, nor lay any duty on tonnage; it cannot coin money, nor emit bills of credit, nor make anything but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts; it cannot, by any law or by any act to which it, by its enforcement thereof, gives the force of a law, deprive a party of the legal right of enforcing, or obtaining compensation for the breach of, an express and valid contract, executed or executory; it cannot regulate commerce, foreign or interstate, or with the Indian tribes, by obstructing or burdening, or discriminating against, such commerce; it cannot exercise judicial jurisdiction over persons or subject-matters rightfully withdrawn by the United States from its jurisdiction, and in its exercise of jurisdiction it cannot derogate from the supremacy of the Constitution, laws, and treaties of the United States, nor fail to give full faith and credit to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other state; it cannot pass any bill of attainder or cx post facto law; and it cannot so exercise its powers of police regulation as to interfere with the exercise of the constitutional powers of the United States, or, in other words, in such manner as to operate upon persons or property brought within its jurisdiction in the exercise of powers granted to the United States, before such persons or property shall have lost their distinctive character and merged in the mass of persons or property within the territory of the state. Such are substantially the constitutional restraints upon the powers of the states; and their practical effect is that, while limiting the powers of each state in that which concerns foreign nations, and in that which affects the interests of other states, and of the citizens of those other states, it yet reserves to each state full powers of self-government in all that affects only the interests of that state and of its own citizens.

The importance of the preservation of the rights of both the United States and the states.
136. The Constitution was the result of a struggle between contending parties, the one fearing a disintegration of the Union as a consequence of the weakness of the confederation, and striving to create a nation, and the other mindful of the contest for the independence of the colonies, and seeking to sacrifice as little as possible of the autonomy of the states. Fortunately for the peace and prosperity of the country, and for the permanece of its free institutions, neither party triumphed, and their conflict of opinion gave birth to a government, which, though national in its relations to foreign powers, and in the directness of its action upon the citizens of the several states, is also federal in its reservation to the states and the people of all powers not expressly, or by necessary implication, granted to the United States. The distinguishing characteristics of the Constitution, thus created, are the Iimitation in terms of the powers confided to the United States, the reservation to the states of the right of local self-government, and that practical conservatism, which is the necessary consequence of the supremacy of a written Constitution, whose manner of amendment guards it against hasty changes. The government created by that Constitution has. stood the tests of time and growth; its nationality has survived the shocks of foreign and of civil war; and its recognition of the principle of home rule has overcome the disintegrating tendencies the expansion of territory and the increase of population that in the future as in the past the United States escape the perils of dissolution and the danger of consolidation, it is necessary that its Constitution be maitained in its integrity, and that the reserved rights of states, and the supremacy of the United States within limits of its delegated powers, be alike jealously guarded. So long as that just equipoise of federal and of state power sball be preserved, and so long as the mass of the people shall continue to be God-fearing law-abiding, and shall steadfastly resist any usurpattion of  power, by whomsocver made, tbe United States will triumph over all that may endanger the perpetuity of their free institutions.

(1) Supra, Section 3.
(2) Section 4 of Article ][V of the Constitution requires the United States to  "guaranty to every state in this Union a republican form of government." It rests with Congress to decide what government is the established one in a state, and also to determine upon the means proper to be adopted to fulfil the guaranty of a republican form of government to the states: Luther v. Borden, 7 How. 1, 42. See also Taylor and Marshall v. Beckham, 178 U. S. 548. Chase, C. J., pointed out in Texas v. White, 7 Wall. 727, that this constitutional obligation required the United States, after the suppression of the Rebellion, to re-establish the representatiou in Cougress of the states lately in rebellion.

				 INDEX.
References are to the pages in the original printed work.

 ACTIONS.
   Against the United States, 209, 212.
   Against a state, by the United States, 209.
   Between states, 211.
   Between a state and citizens of another state, 213, 258.
   Between citizens of different @tes, 210, 215, 239.
   Legislation affecting, as impairing contracts, 142, 143.
   Legislation affecting, as denying due process of law, 275, 279.
 	See also JUDICIAL POWER.
 ADMIRALTY.
   Jurisdiction in, 206.
 AGENCIES.
   Federal, state taxation of, 44.
   State, federal taxation of, 39.
 ALIENS.
   Admission and naturalizatiou of, 291, 296.
 ALLIANCES.
   By states forbidden, 191.
 AMBASSADORS.
   Jurisdiction in cases affecting 197, 206, 221.
 AMENDMENTS.
   First eight limit only federal government, 258, 298.
   1, 309.
   IV, '.145.
   V, 247, 251, 297.
   VI, 253.
   VII, 255.
   VIII, 257.
   XI, 258.
   XIII, 310.
   XIV, purposes of, 311.
   XIV, citizenfihip, 290, 292.
   XIV, privileges and immunities of citizenship, 298.
   XIV, due process of law, 273, 297.
   XIV, equal protection of the laws, 312.
   XIV, right of suffrage, 292.
   XV, 291, 293, 294, 295.
 APPELLATE JURISDICTION. See Judicial Power (Chapter X).
 ATTAINDER.
   Prohibition of bills of, 182.
   Bills of, deflued, 187.
   Bills of, illustrations of, 188.
 BANKS, NATIONAL.
   Power of Congrem to create, 17.
   State taxation of, 48.
   Federal taxation of, 17, 23.
 BANKS, STATE.
   Federal taxation of, 17, 40.
 BlLLS OF ATTAINDER. See ATTAINDER.
 BILLS 0F CREDIT.
   Prohibition of State, 189.
   Definition of, 189.
   Illustrations of, 189, 190.
 BILLS OF EXCANGE.
   Dealing in, taxable by states, 55, 62.
 BILLS OF LADING.
   State. taxation of, 63.
 BRIDGES.
   Regulation of, 82.
 CARRIERS. See RAILWAYS, SHIPPING.
 CASES.
   Requisites of judicial, 228.
   See also ACTIONS, JUDICIAL POWER.
 CHARTERS.
   As contracts, 163, 165, 168.
   Implied contracts in, 170, 173, 174, 176.
 CIRCUIT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
   Jurisdiction of 219 221.
 CIRCUIT COURTS OF APPEALS OF THE UNITED STATES.
   Jurisdiction of, 219, 22C).
 CITIZENS.
   Of the United Staten, 290.
   Of a state, 291, 29@-).
   Privileges and imuniities of citizens of the United States.
   Privileges and immunities of citizens of one state within state, 300.
   Right to vote not a privilege of citizenship, 292.
   Discrimination in state regulation of suffrage, @193.
   Right to serve on juries, 295.
 CIVIL RIGIITS.
   Federal regulation of, unconstitutional, 32.
 CLASSIFICATION.
   Of persons or property for purposes of state legislation, 3
   Uniformity in federal taxation, 26, 35, 37.
 COLONIES. See TERRITORIES.
 COLOURED PERSONS.
   Separate transportation, 98, 317.
   Exclusion from schools for white students, 322.
   Federal regulation of civil rights unconstitutional, 322.
   Right to vote, 292.
   Right to serve on juries, 295, 312.
 COMITY, INTERSTATE. ALLIANCES, FULL FAITH AND CREDIT
 COMMERCE.
   Definition of, 62.
   Regulation of, 59, 64.
   Constitutional provisions as to, 59.
   Historical reason for provisions, 61.
   Federal statutes regulating, 66.
   Limits of federal and state regulation of, 68.
   Taxation as regulation of, 54, 90.
   Distinction between internal and foreign or interstate, 68.
   Internal commerce, 70.
   With Indian tribes, 135.
 COMMON LAW.
   Theory of judicial system under, 199.
   In federal courts, 239.
 COMPACTS BETWEEN STATES, 191.
 COMPENSATION.
   For private property taken for publie use, 253, 277, 278.
 CONCURRENT JURISDICTION.
   Of federal and state courts, 217, 268.
 CONFLICT OF JURISDICTION.
   Between federal and state courts, 265.
 CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES.
   By whom ratified, 1.
   Effect of ratification of, 1.
   Rules of construetion of, 233, 234.
   Supremacy of, 325.
 CONSTRUCTION OF CONSTITUTION AND STATUTES.
   Rules of, '-)32, 233.
 CONSULAR COURTS.
   Establishment of, 19, 246.
 CONSULS.
   Jurisdictions in cases affecting, 197, 206, 221.
 CONTRACTS.
  Prohibition of impairment of obligation of, 137.
  Prohibitiou affects only state laws, 137.
  "law" defined, 138.
  "obligation" defined, 142.
  "contracts" defined, 147.
  History of prohibition, 155.
  Judgements of state courts, as to non-existence or non-impairment, not 
      conclusive, 141.
  Coutracts made by states, 160.
  Contracts made by political subdivisions, 154.
  Contracts of state with political subdivisions, 170.
  Regulation of remedies, 142.
  Judgements on contracts, 153.
  Charters as contracts, 162, 163, 170.
  Express exemption from state taxation, 52, 161.
  Implied exemption from state taxation, 52, 713.
  Express grants of peculiar privileges, 168.
  Implied grants of peculiar privileges, 174.
  Exemption from police power, 176.
  Contracts as to matter of public concern, 178.
  Constitutional prohibition as affecting suits against states, 180.
  Force and effect ofconstitutional prohibition, 181.
CONTRACTS IN RESTRAINT OF TRADE.
  Under Anti-trust Act and at common law, 124.
CONTROVERSIES.
  See ACTIONS.
CORPORATIONS.
  Citizenship of, for jurisdictional purposes, 303.
  Not citizens within meaning of Art. IV, sec.2, 304.
  Persons within meaning of XIV Amendment, 304,314.
  Foreign, 303, 314.
COUNSEL FOR DEFENSE.
  Right to, 254.
COURTS, FEDERAL. See Judicial Power, Supreme Court, Circuit Court of Appeals, Circuit Court, District Courts.
COURTS, STATE. See JUDICIAL POWER.
COURTS MARTIAL.
  Jurisdiction of, 243, 247.
CREDIT, BILLS OF. See BILLS OF CREDIT.
CRIMES.
  Ex post facto laws prohibitted, 182.
  Federal Judicial procedure, 246-258.
  Due process of the laws in state judicial procedure, 312, 317,319, 320, 322
  Cruel and unusual punishment, 257.
CRUEL AND UNUSUAL PUNISHMENT.
  Prohibited, 257.
CURRENCY.
  Legal Tender, 20.
  Bills of Credit, 189.
DAMS  
  Regulation of, 82.
DIRECT TAXATION.
  By United states, 30.
DISTRICT COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES.
 Jurisdiction of, 219, 222.
DIVORCE.
 Not impairment of contract, 148.
 Recognition of decrees obtained in other stat-I 283, 286.
DUE PROCESS OF LAW.
 Under V Amendment, 247, 297.
 Under XIV Amendment, 273, 311.
DUTIE@. See EXPORTS, IMPORTS.
EIGHTH AMENDMENT.
 Cruel and unusual punishments, 257.
ELECTIONS.
 State regulation of, 292.
 Federal regulation of, 293, 295.
ELEVENTH AMENDME@NT.
  Effect of, 258.
EQUAL PROTECTION OF THE LAWS.
 Right to, 312.
EXCISES.
 Requirement of uniformity of, 35.
EXPORTS.
  state Taxation of , 43, 87.
  State inspection of, 89.
  Term not applicable to interstate commerce, 73.
  Termas applied to commerce with Porto Rico, 12, 27, 28, 37, 73.
  Taxation of, by United States, 28, 73.
EX POST FACTO LAWS.
  Prohibition of, 182.
  Definitions of, 184.
  Illustration of, 185.
EXPRESSED RESTRAINTS.
  On states, 4
EXTRADITION.
  From other states, 193.
FAITH AND CREDIT.
  To statutes, records, and judgements of other statas, 280.
FERRIES.
  Taxation of, 54, 57, 82.
  Regulation of, 81, 100.
FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.
  Prosecution upon information, 247.
  Due process of law, 247.
  Putting twice in jeopardy, 251.
  Compelling accused to be a witness against himself, 252.
  Compensation for property taken, 253.
FIRST AMENDMENT, 309.
FISHING
  State regulation of, 72, 274, 299, 301.
FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
  Rights and liabilities of, 303.
FOURTEENTH AMENDMENT.
  Scope of, 
  As defining citizenship, 290, 291, 292.
  As affect4ng right to vote, 293, 294.
  Privileges and immunities of citizens of the United Staten, 298.
  Due process of law, 273.
  Equal protection of the laws, 312.
 FOURTH AMENDMENT, 246.
 FITGITIVE FROM JUSTICE.
 State obligation as to, 193.
 Jurisdiction as to issue of habeas corpus in cases of, 194.
FULL FAITH AND CREDIT.
 To statutes, records and judgments of other states, 280.
GRAND JURY. See INFORMATION.
GRANTS.
 As contracts, 160.
HABEAS CORPUS.
  In cases of fugitives from justice,194.
  In cases of restraint of liberty in violation of the Constitution, 225.
  In cases of restraint for acts done in pursuance of federal authority, 214.
HARBOUR REGULATION8.
  By states, 78.
HEALTH LAWS.
  Established by states, 80.
IMMIGRANTS.
  Admission of, 296.
IMMUNITIES OF CITIZENSHIP. See CITIZENS.
IMPAIRMENT OF CONTRACTS. See CONTRACTS.
IMPEACHMENTS.
  Jurisdiction in, 243.
IMPLIED POWERS.
  Defined, 3.
  Necessity of, 15.
  Grant of, 16.
  Illustration of, 17.
IMPLIED RESTRAINT.
  On states, 4, 6, 44.
IMPORTS.
  State taxation of, 43, 87.
  State Prohibition of sale of, 100.
  Federal taxation of, 66. 
  Federal prohibition of, 66.
  Term not applicable to interstate commerce, 87.
  "Imports" into Porto Rico from United States, 12, 27, 28, 37.
  "Imports" into United States from Porto Rico, 12, 13, 37.
IMPOSTS
  State imposition of, 43.
IMPROVEMENTS OF NAVIGATION.
  Federal power over, 85.
INCOME TAX, 30
INDIAN TRIBES.
  Not states, 135, 213.
  Regulation of commerce with, 135.
  Their exercise of powers not restrained by V Amendment, 247.
INDICTMENT.
  After submission to grand jury amenable only on resubmission, 247.
INFORMATION, PROSECUTION UPON.
  In federal trials,12, 247.
  In state trials, 274,320.
INSOLVENT LAWS.
  Effect of state, 150.
INSPECTION LAWS.
  State, 44, 89, 91, 280, 321.
  Federal, 251.
INSURANCE.
  State regulation of contracts of, 63.
  State regulation of suits against insurance companies, 318, 319,320.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE ACT, 106.
INTOXICANTS. See LIQUOR LAWS.
JEOPARDY.
  Putting twice in, 251.
"JIM CROW" LEGISLATION, 98, 317, 322.
JUDGES.
  Tenure of office of federal, 196.
  Compensation of federal, not diminishable during continuance in office, 197.
  Character of federal judiciary, 230.
JUDICIAL POWER.
  Necessity of federal, 203.
  Constitutional provisions as to federal, 196.
  Courts of the United States, 219.
  Federal Jurisdiciton, 214.
  Exclusive federal jurisdiction, 217.
  Concurrent federal jurisdiction, 217, 268.
  Original jurisdiciton of federal courts, 216, 220.
  Appellate jurisdiciton of federal courts, 223.
  Removal of causes, 224, 227.
  In cases in law and  equity under the Constitution, 205.
  Jurisdiction dependent on character of parties. See ACTIONS.
  Jurisdiction as to political questions, 228, 231.
  Jurisdiction in habeas corpus. See HABEUS CORPUS.
  Jurisdiction in admiralty, 206, 243, 269.
  Courts martial, 243.
  Military commissions, 243, 246, 249.
  Impeachments, 243, 244.
  Construction of Constitution and statutes, 232, 233.
  Limitation of, by Amendments. See AMENDMENTS.
  Law administered in federal courts, 239.
  Relations between federal and state courts, 265.
  Judicial power of the states as affected by "full faith credit" clause, 280.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
  Theor of, under common law, 199.
JUDGEMENTS.
  As contracts, 153. 
  Effect of, in other states, 280.
  Scope of, of courts, 237.
JURISDICTION.
  Conflict of, between state and federal courts, 265.
  Of federal courts, See JUDICIAL POWER.
JURY
  Trial by, not to be taken away by federal government, 246, 249, 253, 255.
  Waiver of trial by for minor offense, 246, 254.
  Trial in state courts, 274, 320.
  Discriminations forbidden in state regulation of jury service, 312.
JUST COMPENSATION.
  For private property taken for public use, 253, 277, 278.
LANDS.
  Public, state taxation of, 45, 46.
LAW OF THE LAND, 4, 248.
LEGAL TENDER.
  Power of Congress over, 20.
LIBERTY.
  Religious, 309.
  Of speech, 309.
  Deprivation of, without due process of law, 147, 250, 251, 280, 297.
LIFE, LIBERTY AND PROPERTY. See DUE PROCESS of LAW.
LIMITATIONS, STATUTES OF.
  As impairing contracts, 143.
  As denying due process of law, 275, '-179.
LIQUOR LAWS.
  License legislation, 317, 321.
  Local option, 275, 317.
  Prohibition, 100, 278.
  Original package doctrine, 91, 93.
  Inspection, 90.
  Taxation, 92.
LOTTERIES.
  Federul legislation, 64.
  State legislation, 178, 320.
MILITARY COMMISSIONS, 243.
MONEY. See BILLS OF CREDIT, LEGAL TENDER.
MONOPOLIES. 
 Federal legislation, 120.
 State grants of, 168, 169, 175, 178, 310, 314.
 State restriction of, 313.
NATIONAL BANKS.
  Power of Congress to create, 17.
  State taxation of, 48.
  Federal taxation of, 17, 23.
NATURALlZATION.
 Regulation of, by United States, 291.
 State courts may admit to citizenship under acts of Congress, 218, 291.
NAVIGABLE WATERS.
  Defined, 209.
  Title to land under, 71.
  Improvements of, 85.
NAVIGATlON.
  Regulation of, by United States, 77.
  Regulation of, by states, 77.
  Improvements of, 85.
NEGROES. See COLOURED PERSONS.
ORDINANCE OF 1787.
  Effect of, on regulation of commerce, 84.
ORIGINAL JURISDICTION.
  Of federal courts, 216, 220.
ORIGINAL PACKAGE.
  Doctrine, 93.
  Taxation of goods in, see also 88.
PAINS AND PENALTIES.
  Probibition of bills of, 182, 188.
  Defmitioa of bills of, 188.
PATENTS.
 Granted by United states do not exempt from state taxation, 47.
 Granted by United States do not exempt from state police regulation, 70.
 Exclusive license to use, does not violate Anti-trust law, 123.
 Jurisdiction of state courts in patent cases, 269.
PERSON, RIGHTS OF, See RIGHTS OF PERSONS.
PHILIPPINES, See TERRITORIES.
PIERS.
  Regulation of, 87.
PILOTAGE 
  Regulation of, 76.
POLICE POWER.
  Definition of, 323.
  Of the United States, 323.
  Of the states, 323.
POLICE REGULATION.
  As affecting commerce, 97.
  Exemption by contract from, 176.
PORT DUES.
 Imposition of, by states, 75.
PORTO RICO.
  Taxation, 12, 13, 27, 28, 37, 73.
  immigration from, 298.
PORT REGULATIONS.
 Established by states, 78.
PORTS, PREFERENCES OF, 73.
PREAMBLE OF THE CONSTITUTION.
  Foree and effect of, 6.
PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITTES.
  Of citizens of the United States '-)98.
  Of citizens of one state within another state, Ji)U.
PROCESS OF LAW. See DUE PROCESS or LAW.
PUBLIC LANDS.
  State taxation of, 45, 46.
QUARANTINE REGULATIONS. 80.
RAILWAYS.
  Federal regulation of interstate transportation by,106.
  State regulation of interstate transportation by, 97.
  State police regulation of, 97.
  State taxation of, 102.
  Tolls for use of improved facilities for transportation, 102.
RAILWAY RATES, STATE REGULATION OF.
 As limited by commerce clause, 98, 101, IOIa.
 As limited by contract, 164, 177, 178.
 As limited by requirement of due process of law, lola, 278.
 As limited by requirement of equal protection of the laws,101a,313, 315, 321.
RAILWAY STATIONS.
  State regulations concerning, 99, 100, 101.
RATIFICATION OF CONSTITUTION.
  Effect of, 1.
RECORDS.
  Proof of, in other states, 280.
REGULATION.
  Of commerce. See COMMERCE.
  Of remedy. See CONTRACTS.
RELATION BETWEEN THE GOVERNMENTS, 1.
RELATION BETWEEN FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS, 265.
RELIGION.
  Establishment of, 369.
REMEDY, REGULATION OF. See CONTRACTS.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES, 224, 227.
REPUBLICAN FORM OF GOVERNMENT.
  Guarauteed to the states, 327.
RESERVED POWERS AND RIGHTS.
  Of the states, 2, 325, 326.
RESTRAINTS UPON STATES, 4.
RETROSPECTIVE LAWS.
  Not prohibited, 182, 183.
RIGHTS OF PERSON AND OF PROPERTY.
  State control over, 298.
  As protected by V Amendment, 247.
  As protected by XIV Amendment, 273, 311, 312.
RULES OF CONSTRUCTION.
  Of Constitution and statutes, 232, 233.
SEARCHES AND SEIZURES.
  Unreasonable, by federal officers, prohibited, 246.
SECESSION.
  Unconstitutionality of, 1.
SELF-GOVERNMENT.
  Reservation to the states of right of, in local matters, 329.
SEVENTH AMENDMENT. 255.
SHIPPING.
  Regulation of, by United States, 77.
  Regulation of, by states, 77.
  State taxation of, 57, 106.
SIXTH AMENDMENT, 253.
SLAVERY.
  Abolished by XIII Amendment, 310.
STATES, THE
  Existence of, before the Constitution, 2.
  Independent of each other, so far as not controlled by constitution, 2.
  Powers and obligations of new, 2.
  Restraints upon, 4.
  Taxation by, 40.
  Suits against, as affected by contracts, 180.
  Suits against, as affected by XI Amendmeut, 214, 258.
  Judicial power of, as affected by the federal supremacy, 23:2,
  Judicial power of, as affected by grant of judicial power United States,270.
  Judicial power of, as affected by the XIV Amendment, 273.
  Reserved rights of, 2, 325, 326.
  Necessity for maintenance of rights of, 319.
STATE AGENCIES.
  Federal taxation of, 39.
STATE BANKS.
  Federal taxation of, 17, 40.
STATE COURTS, See JUDICIAL POWER.
SUITS. See ACTIONS, JUDICIAL POWER.
SUPREMACY OF THE UNITED STATES.
  State taxation affected by the, 44.
  State regulation of federal judicial process or practice, 265.
  Supremacy of the Constitution, 3, 232.
  Supremacy of the laws of the United States, 3, 233.
  Supremacy of the treaties of the United States, 3, 238.
  Results of the, 325.
SUPREME COURT.
  Jurisdiction of, 219.
  Constitution of, 220.
  Appeals to, 2-6.
  See also JUDICIAL POWER.
TAXATION.
  Defined, 22.
  Power of, iu whom vested, 22.
  Charges which are not taxes, 23, 39.
  Not to be imposed for private purposes, 24.
TAXATION, FEDERAL.
  Constitutional provisions as to, 25.
  Restrictions upon, 26.
  Uniformity of, 35.
  Direct, 30.
  Of imports and exports, 28, 29, 87.
  In the territories 12, 26, 27, 28, 37.
  Of state agencies  39.
TAXATION, STATE.
  General power of, 40.
  Illustrations of power of, 40, 41.
  Expressed restraints on, 43.
  lmplied restraints on, 44.
  Of federal agencies, 44.
  Of national banks, 48.
  Of imports, 88.
  Of goods from other states, 43, 90.
  Of person and property beyond its territory, 41, 42.
  As affected by contracts of exemption, 52.
  As a regulation of commerce, 54.
  Denial of due Process of law in, 277.
  Denial of equal protection of the laws in, 41, 316, 317, 320, 32
TELEGRAPHS.
  Regulation of, 133. 
  State taxation of, 40, 134.
TERRITORIES.
  Congressional power over, 7.
  Taxation in, 12, 26, 27, 28, 37, 73.
  Trial by jury in, 10, 12.
THIRTEENTH AMENDMENT.
  Slavery and involuntary servitude prohibited by, 310.
TITLES OF NOBILITY.
  Not to be granted by the states, 327.
TONNAGE.
  Defined, 74. 
  State duties upon, 43, 44, 74.
TRADE MARKS.
  Federal regulation of, 63.
TRANSIT.
  Right of, not limitable by state taxation, 47, 104.
TRANSPORTATION. See RAILWAYS, SHIPPING.
TREATIES.
  Supremacy of, 238.
TRIAL BY JURY. See JURY.
TRIBES. See INDIAN TRIBES.
TRUSTS.
  Necessity of, 114.
  Anti-trust law, 120.
TWICE IN JEOPARDY, 251.
UNIFORMITY. See CLASSIFICATION.
UNION.
  Indissolubility of, 1.
UNITED STATES.
  Limited powers of, 2.
  Supremacy of, 3, 325.
VOTERS. See CITIZENS.
WARRANTS.
  Requisites to issue of search, 246.
WATER-WAYS. See NAVIGABLE WATERS.
WHARVES.
  State regulation of, 83. 87.
WITNESSES.
  Right of accused to be confronted with, 254.
  Right of accused to have compulsory process for obtaining, 254.

