         ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
         บ                                                           บ
         บ    ๙     .  .      .     ๙.      ๙      .     .    ๙  ..  บ
         บ     .     .      ๙     .     . ๙      .     .     ๙       บ
         บ   +      .   ๙   .    ๙   .    ๙         .     +          บ
         บ  ๙   .   .   ๙    .     ๙     .    ๙ ๙     .      ๙     ๙ บ
         บ .       .      ๙         .  +           .         ๙  .    บ
         บ  .    .           ๙    .      .     ๙     .    .      .   บ
         บ    ๙         .  .     ๙     ..    ๙          .        .   บ
         บ  ณ ฺฤ  ณ  ณ   ณ ฤฟ   .   .  ณ ฺฤ  ณ ฤฟ  ณ ฤฟ  ณ ฤฤ  ณ ฤฤ  บ
         บ  ภฤฟ   ณ  ณ   ณ ฤฟ .   .    ภฤฟ   ณ ฤฤ  ณ ฤฟ  ณ     ณ ฤ   บ
         บ .ภฤฤฤ  ภฤฤฤฤ  ภฤฤฤ ๙    .  .ภฤฤฤ  ภฤ    ภฤ ภฤ ภฤฤฤ  ภฤฤฤ  บ
         บ  ๙    .      .      . ๙    .    ๙   .    .       ๙        บ
         บ    .     .   ๙    ๙   .     . ๙   .      . ๙         . .  บ
         บ  .    ๙  .    .  ณ  ณ ๙ ณ ฤฤ  ณ    ณ  ณ ฺฤ   .   .  ๙     บ
         บ     .     ๙      ณ \    ณ ฤ   ณ / /   ภฤฟ    .  .  ๙      บ
         บ  .       ๙   .   ภฤ ภฤ  ภฤฤฤ  `ฤ `ฤ   ภฤฤฤ  .     ๙    .  บ
         บ     .     ๙      .     .     ๙ .      .           ๙       บ
         บ .     .     ๙     .  ๙      .    .   ๙      .      .      บ
         บ     .    ๙   ๙        ๙    +    .   . ๙    ๙            . บ
         บ  ๙   .  .    ๙    ๙  . .  .  . +  .  .  .     ๙    . .    บ
         บ  .     .   ๙    ๙   .     . ๙   .      . ๙      ๙.        บ
         บ    ๙     .  .  ๙   Edited by W.H. Lambdin   ๙  ๙.      ๙  บ
         บ + ๙    .     .  .     ๙     ..    ๙          .        .   บ
         บ     .      ๙         .  +           .         ๙  .        บ
         บ                                                           บ
         ฬอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออน
         บ Sub Space News        Volume 1 issue 3        Mar 1, 1992 บ
         ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ
                              HAILING FREQUENCIES
                                By W.H. Lambdin

         Several things have been happening.

         My  Dad  was in the hospital for congestive heart Failure. My
         appologies  for  the  issue  being  delayed,  but  under  the
         circumstances, I think you will understand.

         The  new  cover  sheet  was designed ny a good friend of mine
         (Ken Aitchison)  Thanks Ken.

         I will be releasing SSN in the new read Book format.  Readbook
         is  written  by  Jonathan Lang. I have received permission to
         distribute a stripped down version of Read Book 1.6 with this
         issue of SSN.

         If you like Read Book, I would recommend for you to  download
         the complete version. Later, I will be uploading Read Book to
         all  of  the  official distribution points. This will make it
         easier you you to get a copy.

         Readbook is a Share Ware Product, and If you use Read Book. I
         would recommend for you to send in your registration fee.


                                   FEEDBACK

To the Sub-Space News:
        Even if not the first electron Star Trek fanzine, these past two
issues have shown you to be the equal of and superior to much of the
printed material I receive each month. Considering the low production
cost, the Electronic Magazine is sure to become more common in the
coming years.
        I'm looking forward to the next issue, but I have a couple of
tidbits I'd like to bring up. First, there's a definite lack of material
on the old crew, especially considering their recent movie. Second, a
list of upcoming conventions and their contents would come in good use.
        By the way, I loved the list of important dates in your second
issue. Where did you find all that information?
        Good luck in future issues of the Sub Space News!

                                        Daniel Berdichevsky
                                        Woodland Hills, CA.


                                    TRIVIA!

                          Answers to the last trivia

          1. What episode does Riker first yell at Data?
                        The Nahed Now
          2. Why was DaiMon Tarr shocked in "The Last Outpost"?
                        Ugliness of Humans
          3. What episode does Picard meet his mother (On the Enterprise)
                        Where No One Has Gone Before
          4. What did the EDO children want Wesley to teach them?
                        How to play ball
          5. What kind of fruit did Riker ask for in Gropler Zorn's office?
                        Apple
          6. What episode Shows Geordi in his quarters shaving?
                        Code of Honor
          7. What is the first episode for Data to smoke a pipe?
                        Lonely Among Us
          8. Wesley was killed in an episode. Which one?
                        Hide and Q
          9. What is the first name of Wyatt Miller's mother?
                        Victoria
         10. What holiday is mentioned in "The Big Goodbye"?
                        Halloween

                                  NEW TRIVIA

 1. What was the age of Admiral McCoy in "Encounter at Farpoint?
 2. What episode does Worf complain about human humor?
 3. What episode does Wesley first sit at ops?
 4. What kind of pet did Tasha have when she was a child?
 5. What year did Q say it was during the trial in "Encounter At Farpoint"?
 6. In "Where No one Has Gone Before" how far did the Enterprise travel?
 7. What episode does Data admit that he babbles?
 8. What is the Betazed word for "My beloved"?
 9. What episode shows Beverly applying makeup?
10. What episode does Data practice "Sneezing"

                             TEXT FROM PETER DAVID

From: Peter_A_David@cup.portal.com
Newsgroups: rec.arts.startrek
Organization: The Portal System (TM)
Message-ID: <47449@cup.portal.com>
References: <7550.28D90245@nisc.ieee.org>

What I find most interesting about this Richard Arnold business is all the
brouhaha that Tim Lynch's conclusions have aroused, and yet Richard's
remarks have, by and large, gone undiscussed.

Since Richard apparently now feels comfortable with discussing specific
Paramount inner workings on a public forum, then I can do no less.

1)  ON being a hypocrite by not stating that my fight is with Gene and
not Richard--Quite the contrary.  It is, in fact because Trek novelists think
so highly of Gene Roddenberry that we are convinced the pronouncements being
handed down are NOT from Gene.  I, for one, have [no] trouble working within
Gene's universe.  What I have trouble with are memos filled with contradic-
tory statements (such as that Kirk is no longer interested in relationships
with women), couched in insulting and demeaning terms that are at odds with
the gentlemanly demenaor with which GEne has usually been associated.  And
tell me, Richard...is Gene's laywer removing yoiu from the approval loop
also really a quarrel with Gene?  Is Gene's lawyer a hypocrite as well?

2)  ON Gene's objections to VENDETTA that resulted in it carrying a disclaim-
er:  This is a fascinating agglomeration of undocumented allegations and
distortions of the original proposal.

I have two official memos from the Trek office which directly contradict
each other.  The first, dated 9/11/90, states several concerns of a
technical nature in regards to the original VENDETTA proposal, all of which
were easily fixed in a revised proposal.  No mention there of problems with
crossed universes and such things.  The memo was also reasonably phrased and
easy to deal with.  The second memo, dated 9/25/90, suddenly stated that
the proposal contradicted everythying known about the Borg (it didn't) and
was unacceptable.  Hence the eventual disclaimer.

Anyone who has read VENDETTA will know that the various so-called objection-
able elements that Richard cites--excess info on Guinan's background,
Wesley pursuing hormonal rushes in the direction of the Borg soldier--are
not present.  Vengeance themes not acceptable, Richard?  There goes
"Doomsday Machine" and "Obsession."  Crossed universes?  Kiss good-bye
to "Naked Now," "Sarek," and "Unification."

3)  ON my being stunned since I must have been expecting Gene's office to
quash Q IN LAW--oddly, Richard fails to mention the 2/26/91 memo that
states "Peter David read a portion of (Q IN LAW) at a recent New York
convention, and it was clear that he has forced his peculiar sense of humor
into this novel as well.  I will not have STAR TREK created as a joke,
either its characters or its format.)  This memo was ostensibly from GEne--
but Gene was 3000 miles away when I did the reading (pages 103-105 and
120-124 of the published book.)  Richard was at the convention, but he told
me at the time that he hadn't been present when I did the reading.  But
he's since told others that he was.  Whoops.

He also didn't mention the insuing two months during which Pocket Books
was stonewalled on getting Q IN LAW approved.  "Fix it," Pocket was told,
although no specifics were given as to how.  Finally I got a copy of the
ms to Majel Barrett, in hopes that she might be able to tell me where I had
gone wrong in the presentation of the characters in general and Lwaxana in
particular (much as Marina Sirtis had been most helpeful in pointers on
Deanna for "Rock and a Hard Place.")  Ms. Barrett read it, told a number of
people (including Richard) how wonderful it was, and lo and behold the
manuscript was approved as is.  So yes, I was stunned...but not for the
reasons Richard believes.

4)  ON his assertion that I plant people with questions in audiences--
actually, people come to me and say, "Do you mind if I asked Richard about
such-and-such."  And I always say the same thing:  "Do what you want, it's
a free country.  But I wouldn't advise it since he'll make you look foolish."
Which he generally does.  His statements that my going on SeaTrek was
unadvertised does not take into account GEnie and Compuserv, where my
attendance was indeed advertised.

5)  ON Richard being fired--just for the record, that didn't originate with
me.  I suspect it had its basis in Richard's being taken oiut of the
approval loop.

6)  On "Robert Bruce Banner" having no trouble getting a story approved--
Yes, sometimes violence is more appropriate than other times.  Which does
nothing to answer the question of this rather remarkable coincidence.

7)  Richard states that stating on the one hand, new races should be
created, and the on the other hand, that they shouldn't be created, is
not contradictory.  Pardon me, Richard...yes it is.

8)  On using names of real people in writing "Trek" novels and comics--
What a deplorable stunt.  What would "Texas" Guinan, the famed prohibition
era saloon owner, say?  Or, for that matter, how would Eugene Wesley
Roddenberry respond?

9)  On his statement that he never said I'm ruining Star Trek and never
said people shouldn't buy my books--just for kicks, let's say Richard is
telling the truth.  That means that Bill Mumy (not Billy) lied when he
told me that Richard said I was turning Trek into a Mad Magazine parody.
That means that the questioners at the February cretaion con were lying
when they asked me to comment on Richard's alleged statement of same at a
previous convention (hey, maybe Richard planted them!) .  That means that
the audience memebers at SeaTrek were lying when they reported that
Richard stated anyone buying VENDETTA was "a traitor to Gene Roddenberry."
So many, many liars.

10)  On stating that Richard signs Gene's memos--well, I know *I* never said
that.  Written, yes, but not signed.

11)  On the supposedly insulting "convention planet"--some other time I'll
post the sequence he's mentioning.  But it was a two page bit out of a
48 page story, not--as he represents--the entire story.  And it was damned
funny.

12)  On my rudest slap at Gene yet--I did indeed write a speech for Kirk in
which he says that the Federation believes in freedom of expression.
Richard reads that as an insult to Gene.  First, it's in the Bill of
Rights.  Second, Picard says much the same thing in "The Drumhead," as
Tim Lynch notes.  And third, the concept that expressing belief in free
speech is an insult to Gene Roddenberry, the man who gave us the the
spirit of brotherhood and freedom that *is* Star Trek, is a greater comment
on Arnold--sorry, RIchard--than anything else I could possibly say.

Oh...I do find it ironic that, in praising my friend Howie Weinstein,
Richard says "He picks his issue and wraps a Star Trek story around it.
That's what good writing is for Star Trek.  You do your AIDS parable, you
do your environmental parable, you do your story about prejudice..."
Uh, Richard?  The AIDS parable, the environmental parable?  Those were
mind.  Issues 2 and 3 of the comic, and last year's annual.

So, to summarize:  1)  Why is VENDETTA unacceptable when none of the
"objectionable" elements are present?  2)  Why was Q IN LAW unacceptable
for so long and then suddenly, poof, it was acceptable?  Could it be that,
all those months, Richard never really read it?  Just rejected it?
3)  Why would all those people lie about your badmouthing me?  Is their
gripe really with Gene too?  4)  Why is the mere *mention* of freedom of
expression an insult to Gene Roddenberry?  5)  Why do you cite stories I
wrote as examples of good Trek writing, but say I'm "not a good Star Trek
writer"?

I am most appreciative of Richard wanting to set the record straight.  I am
still waiting.


Peter David

PS--Same deal as with the interview.  Anyone who wants to repro this can feel
free to do so.

                     MATERIAL COMPILED BY SCOTT HOLLIFIELD

                          RE-PRINTED WITH PERMISSION

The following is a comprehensive index of officers and enlisted crewmen
who are serving or have served in Starfleet, and have been identified by
name in Star Trek: The Next Generation.  (Spellings of the names of some
officers are unverified.  If you have any official information that
would supplement this index, please let me know.)

**** WARNING!  This index is of considerable length!!  It should fill
six 90-line messages.  If you have no interest in viewing or capturing
this file, please skip this message and the next five.



STARFLEET PERSONNEL as of Stardate 45233

Rank and/or position given where available.  Personnel marked with an
asterisk (*) do NOT serve (and have never been depicted as having
served) aboard the USS Enterprise.

Personnel marked with a (+) were documented on the Enterprise in the
altered timeline only.

The "#" sign indicates that information documented about the listed
individual may come in part from a novelization.


Aaron, Admiral *
    played by Ray Reinhardt ("Coming of Age")
Alans
    Science officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Whitney Rydbeck ("Pen Pals")
Allenby, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Mary Kohnert ("Final Mission", "The Loss")
Aniah, Ens. April
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Page Leong ("The Nth Degree")
Anmeder, Lt.
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise, deceased
    Killed by physical fusion with corridor floor ("In Theory")
Arden, Jeff *
    ("In Theory")
Argyle, Lt. Cmdr. Blake
    Former Chief Engineer, USS Enterprise
    played by Biff Yeager ("Where No One Has Gone Before", "Datalore")
Aron
    played by Peter Neptune ("The Dauphin")
Aster, Lt. Marla
    Science officer, USS Enterprise, deceased; killed by Koinoinian bomb
    played by Susan Powell ("The Bonding")
Balfus, Dr.
    Plant biology specialist, USS Enterprise ("Night Terrors")
Ballard, Lt.
    Social sciences/Education officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Judyann Elder ("The Offspring")
Barclay, Lt. Reginald
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Dwight Schultz ("Hollow Pursuits", "The Nth Degree")
Barrett, Lt. (+)
    ("Yesterday's Enterprise")
Bennett, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise ("Captain's Holiday")
Bernard, Dr. Harry
    played by Dierk Torsek ("When the Bough Breaks")
Bogrow, Paul *
    Served aboard USS Victory ("Identity Crisis")
Brackin, Adm. Ruah * #
    Informed Capt. Picard of Ambassador Spock's disappearance.
    played by Karen Hensel ("Unification I")
Brahms, Dr. Leah *
    Propulsion engineer, Starfleet Theoretical Propulsion Group
    played by Susan Gibney ("Booby Trap", "Galaxy's Child")
Braval, Ens. Anthony *
    Served aboard USS Victory; mutated into Tartjannen creature
    ("Identity Crisis")
Brink, Cmdr. *
    First officer, USS Brattain, deceased; killed by his insane captain
Brooks, Ens. Janet
    Linguistics officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Kim Braden ("The Loss")
Brower
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by David Coburn ("The Nth Degree")
Burke, Ens.
    Tactial officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Glenn Morshower ("Peak Performance")
Carlin, Tom
    Science officer, USS Enterprise ("Night Terrors")
Carteno
    Tactical officer, USS Enterprise ("The Best of Both Worlds")
Casey
    Security officer, USS Enterprise ("Brothers")
Castillo, Lt. Richard
    Helm/tactical officer, USS Enterprise (NCC 1701-C)
    Missing, presumed casuality in battle with Romulans
    played by Christopher MacDonald ("Yesterday's Enterprise")
Chang, Lt. *
    played by Robert Ito ("Coming of Age")
Clancy, Ens.
    Tactical officer, former Ops officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Anne Elizabeth Ramsay ("Elementary Dear Data", "The
        Emissary")
Costa
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise ("Hollow Pursuits")
Craig, Ens. *
    Helm officer, USS Sutherland
    played by Clifton James ("Redemption II")
Crusher, (Cmdr.) Dr. Beverly
    Chief Medical Officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Gates McFadden
Crusher, Lt. Jack *
    served on the USS Stargazer, now deceased
    played by Jack Wert ("Family")
Crusher, Ens. Wesley
    currently attending Starfleet Academy
    played by Wil Wheaton
Darson, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Adelphi, deceased; killed in Ghorusda
        disaster
    ("Tin Man")
Data, Lt. Cmdr.
    Second Officer and Main Bridge Ops, USS Enterprise
    Formerly served on USS Trieste
    played by Brent Spiner
Davies, Ens.
    Science officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Nicholas Cascone ("Pen Pals")
Dealt, Lt. Cmdr. Hester *
    Federation Medical Collection Station trustee
    played by Seymour Cassel ("The Child")
Dean, Lt.
    played by Dan Kern ("We'll Always Have Paris")
DeSora, Lt. Jenna
    Security officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Michele Scarabelli ("In Theory")
DeSoto, Capt. Robert *
    Commanding officer, USS Hood
    played by ("Encounter At Farpoint"; seen in "Tin Man")
Duffy
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Charley Lang ("Hollow Pursuits")
Dumont, Ens. Suzanne
    ("Sarek")
Flaherty, Cmdr. *
    First officer, USS Ares ("The Icarus Factor")
Foley, Lt.
    ("Menage A Troi")
Garrett, Capt. Rachel
    Commanding officer, USS Enterprise (NCC 1701-C)
    Deceased, killed in battle with Klingons in alternate timeline
    played by Tricia O'Neill ("Yesterday's Enterprise")
Gibson, Ens.
    Ops officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Jennifer Barlow ("The Dauphin")
Gillespie, Lt.
    played by Duke Moosekian ("Night Terrors")
Gleason, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Zhukov ("Hollow Pursuits")
Gleason, Lt.
    Ops officer, USS Enterprise ("The Best of Both Worlds")
Gomez, Ens. Sonya
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Lycia Naff ("Q Who", "Samaritan Snare")
Graham
    ("The Icarus Factor")
Graham, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Mona Grudt ("Identity Crisis")
Gromek, Adm. *
    played by Georgann Johnson ("The Emissary")
Haden, Adm. *
    played by John Hancock ("The Defector", "Night Terrors")
Haftel, Adm. Anthony *
    played by Nicholas Coster ("The Offspring")
Hahn, Adm. *
    ("Menage A Troi")
Hanson, Adm. J.P. *
    Starfleet tactical specialist, deceased; killed in battle with the
        Borg
    played by George Murdock ("The Best of Both Worlds", "The Best of
        Both Worlds Part 2")
Haro, Cadet Mitena *
    played by Jocelyn O'Brien ("Allegiance")
Haskell
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise, deceased; killed by Nagilum
    played by Charles Douglass ("Where Silence Has Lease")
Hendrick
    Transporter officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Dennis Madalone ("Identity Crisis")
Hennessey
    ("The Dauphin")
Henry, Adm. Thomas *
    Starfleet Command Security officer
    played by Earl Billings ("The Drumhead")
Herbert, Ens.
    Transporter officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Lance Spellerberg ("We'll Always Have Paris", "The Icarus
        Factor")
Hickman, Lt. Paul *
    Served aboard USS Victory, deceased; killed by flying a shuttle
        into a star
    played by Amick Byram ("Identity Crisis")
Hildebrandt
    Science officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Ann H. Gillespie ("Pen Pals")
Hill, Dr.
    Medical officer, USS Enterprise ("Remember Me")
Hobson, Lt. Cmdr. Christopher *
    Former temporary first officer, USS Sutherland
    played by Timothy Carhart ("Redemption II")
Hoy, Ens.
    Transporter officer, USS Enterprise ("Who Watches the Watchers")
Imbato, Lt.
    ("Data's Day")
Jameson, Adm. Mark *
    Former commanding officer, USS Gettysberg; died of a drug overdose
    played by Clayton Rohner ("Too Short A Season")
Juarez, Lt.
    ("Data's Day")
Kaden, Will *
    Served aboard USS Rutledge, deceased; killed at Setlek Three
Keel, Capt. Walker *
    Commanding officer, USS Horatio; killed in the Horatio's
        destruction
    played by Jonathan Farwell ("Conspiracy")
Keith *
    Tactical officer, USS Sutherland ("Redemption II")
Kellogg, Ens.
    Security officer, USS Enterprise ("The Drumhead")
Kenneky
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise ("Night Terrors")
Kennelley, Adm. *
    Currently facing criminal hearing
    played by Cliff Potts ("Ensign Ro")
Kim, Dr. Joshua (+)
    Medical officer, USS Enterprise ("Yesterday's Enterprise")
Kopf, Ens.
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by James Lashly ("Brothers")
Kosinski, Lt. *
    Member of Starfleet Corps of Engineers
    played by Stanley Kamel ("Where No One Has Gone Before")
LaForge, Lt. Cmdr. Geordi
    Chief Engineer, USS Enterprise; former Helm officer
    Formerly served on USS Victory
    played by LeVar Burton
Larson, Lt. Linda
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Saxon Trainor ("The Nth Degree")
Lefler, Ens. Robin
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Ashley Judd ("Darmok", "The Game")
Leitjen, Lt. Cmdr. Susanna
    Former security officer, USS Victory
    played by Maryann Plunkett ("Identity Crisis")
Lin, Ens. Kenny
    Tactical officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Brian Tochi ("Night Terrors")
Logan
    Former Chief Engineer, USS Enterprise
    played by Vyto Ruginis ("The Arsenal of Freedom")
Louvois, Capt. Philippa *
    Senior officer, JAG Starbase 173
    played by Amanda McBroom ("The Measure of a Man")
Lynch, Leland T.
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Walker Boone ("Skin of Evil")
MacDougal, Lt. Cmdr. Sarah
    Associate Chief Engineer, USS Enterprise
    played by Brooke Bundy ("The Naked Now")
Maddox, Cmdr. Bruce *
    Asst. Chair of Robotics, Daystrom Institute
    played by Brian Brophy ("The Measure of a Man")
Mandell, Ens.
    Ops officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Cameron Arnett ("Disaster")
Marcus, Crewman
    Security crewman, USS Enterprise ("The Drumhead")
Martinez
    Medical officer, USS Enterprise ("Who Watches the Watchers")
Martoni, Cadet Adam
    Student, Starfleet Academy ("The Game")
Maxwell, Capt. Benjamin *
    Former commanding officer, USS Phoenix, relieved of command
    Former commanding officer, USS Rutledge
    played by Bob Gunton ("The Wounded")
McCoy, Adm. Leonard H.
    Surgeon-General of Starfleet Command, retired
    played by DeForest Kelley ("Encounter At Farpoint")
McKinney *
    killed in a conspiracy-related accident ("Conspiracy")
McKnight, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Pamela Winslow ("In Theory")
Mendez, Ens. *
    Formerly served on USS Ares
    Formerly served on USS Victory
    Mutated into Tartjannan creature ("Identity Crisis")
Mendon, Ens.
    Temporary science officer, USS Enterprise
    played by John Putch ("A Matter of Honor")
Minnerly, Lt.
    ("Skin of Evil")
Monroe, Lt.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    Killed by explosion caused by collision with a quantum filament
    played by Jana Marie Hupp ("Disaster")
Moore, Adm. James *
    ("Up the Long Ladder")
Mordock, Cadet *
    Benzite entrant into Starfleet Academy ("Coming of Age")
Myers
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise ("Hollow Pursuits")
Nagel, Ens.
    Tactical officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Leslie Neale ("Peak Performance")
Nokamura, Adm. *
    Base Commander, Starbase 173
    played by Clyde Kusatsu ("The Measure of a Man")
N'Somok, Adm. *
    ("Final Mission")
O'Brien, CPO Miles Edward
    Transporter Chief, USS Enterprise
    Former temporary tactical officer of Enterprise
    former chief tactical officer, USS Rutledge
    played by Colm Meaney
Ogawa, Nurse Alissa
    played by Patti Yasutake ("Clues", "Identity Crisis", "The Host",
        "The Game")
Ortiz, Ens.
    ("The Ensigns of Command")
Parker
    Bridge officer, USS Enterprise (NCC 1701-C) ("Yesterday's
        Enterprise")
Paupa, Ens.
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Jana Marie Hupp ("Galaxy's Child")
Picard, Capt. Jean-Luc
    Commanding officer, USS Enterprise
    former commanding officer, USS Stargazer
    played by Patrick Stewart
Prieto, Ben
    played by Raymond Forchion ("Skin of Evil")
Prixis
    Science officer, USS Enterprise ("Pen Pals")
Pulaski, Dr. Katherine
    Former Chief Medical Officer, USS Enterprise
    Former Chief Medical Officer, USS Repulse
    played by Diana Muldaur
Quaice, Dr. Dalen *
    Medical officer, formerly stationed at Starbase 133
    played by Bill Erwin ("Remember Me")
Quinn, Adm. Gregory *
    played by Ward Costello ("Coming of Age", "Conspiracy")
Quinteros, Cmdr. Orfil *
    Base Commander of Starbase 74
    played by Gene Dynarski ("11001001")
Ramos
    Security officer, USS Enterprise; killed by renegade Klingons
    played by Dennis Madalone ("Heart of Glory")
Ramsey, Capt. *
    Commanding officer of freightor SS Odin
    played by Sam Hennings ("Angel One")
Rayger, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Lane Chapman ("Galaxy's Child", "Night Terrors")
Reel, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Tom Ormeny ("Redemption")
Remmick, Cmdr. Dexter *
    Investigator, Inspector-General's Office, deceased; possesed by
        parasites
    played by Robert Schenkkan ("Coming of Age", "Conspiracy")
Rice, Capt. Paul *
    Commanding officer, USS Drake, deceased; killed on Minos
    played by Marco Rodriguez ("The Arsenal of Freedom")
Riker, Cmdr. William T.
    First officer, USS Enterprise
    Commissioned temporary Captain of the Enterprise
    Former first officer, USS Hood
    Former tactical officer, USS Potemkin
    played by Jonathan Frakes
Rixx, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Thomas Paine
    played by Michael Berryman ("Conspiracy")
Ro Larren, Ens.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    Former helm officer, USS Wellington
    Formerly incarcerated at Jaros Two
    played by Michelle Forbes ("Ensign Ro", "Disaster")
Robinson, Lt.
    Transporter officer, USS Enterprise ("The Outrageous Okona")
Rossa, Adm. Canaught *
    played by Barbara Townshend ("Suddenly Human")
Rossa, Connor *
    Deceased; killed at Galen Four during Talarian attack ("Suddenly
        Human")
Rozhenko, CPO Sergei *
    Warp field specialist, retired
    Formerly served on USS Intrepid
    played by Theodore Bikel ("Family")
Russell
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise ("Tin Man")
Satie, Adm. Nora *
    Retired
    played by Jean Simmons ("The Drumhead")
Savar, Adm. *
    played by Henry Darrow ("Conspiracy")
Scott, Capt. Tryla *
    Commanding officer, USS Renegade
    played by Ursaline Bryant ("Conspiracy")
Selar, (Lt.) Dr.
    Medical officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Suzie Plakson ("The Schizoid Man")
Shante, Adm. *
    Fleet Admiral
    played by Fran Bennett ("Redemption II")
Shelby, Cmdr.
    Tactical officer, Starfleet Borg Task Force
    Former temporary first officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Elizabeth Dennehy ("The Best of Both Worlds", "The Best of
        Both Worlds Part 2")
Shimoda, Jim
    Former Assistant Chief Engineer, USS Enterprise
    played by Benjamin W.S. Lum ("The Naked Now")
Silvestri, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Shikamaru ("Darmok")
Singh
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise, deceased; killed by energy
        cloud
    played by Kavi Raz ("Lonely Among Us")
Solis, Lt.
    Helm officer, USS Enterprise
    played by George de la Pena ("The Arsenal of Freedom")
Spock, Ambassador
    Former captain, USS Enterprise (NCC-1701, NCC-1701-A)
    Final rank unknown
    Joined diplomatic corps; now working covertly on Romulus
    played by Leonard Nimoy ("Unification I", "Unification II")
Standen, Nurse
    ("Family")
Swenson
    Science officer, USS Enterprise
    ("Skin of Evil")
Sype, Ryan *
    killed in conspiracy-related accident ("Conspiracy")
Taggart, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Repulse
    played by J. Patrick McNamara ("Unnatural Selection")
Taggart, Ens.
    Shuttle bay officer, USS Enterprise ("The Host")
Tarses, Crewman Simon
    Medical technician, USS Enterprise
    played by Spencer Garrett ("The Drumhead")
Temple, Nurse
    played by Patti Tippo ("Transfigurations")
Terry *
    Engineering officer, USS Sutherland ("Redemption II")
Thomas, Ens. (+)
    ("Yesterday's Enterprise")
Thorn, Lt.
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise ("In Theory")
Tolaka, Capt. L. Iso *
    Commanding officer, USS Lantree, deceased; killed by genetic mutagen
    ("Unnatural Selection")
Torres, Ens.
    played by Jimmy Ortega ("Encounter At Farpoint")
Troi, (Lt. Cmdr.) Counselor Deanne
    Ship's Counselor, USS Enterprise
    played by Marina Sirtis
T'Su, Ens. Lian
    Ops officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Julia Nickson ("The Arsenal of Freedom")
Varley, Capt. Donald *
    Commanding officer, USS Yamato, deceased; killed in the Yamato's
        destruction
    played by Thalmus Rasulala ("Contagion")
Vigo *
    Foemer weapons officer, USS Stargazer ("The Battle")
Whalen
    Historian, USS Enterprise
    played by David Selburg ("The Big Goodbye")
Williams, Ens.
    ("A Matter of Perspective")
Wong, Lt.
    Engineering officer, USS Enterprise ("Angel One")
Worf, Lt.
    Chief Security Officer and tactical officer, USS Enterprise
    played by Michael Dorn
Wright, Lt.
    ("A Matter of Perspective")
Yar, Lt. Natasha
    Former Chief Security Officer, USS Enterprise, deceased; killed by
        slime creature on Vagra Two
    played by Denise Crosby
Youngblood, Ens.
    Science specialist, USS Enterprise
    played by James Becker
Zaheva, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Brattain, deceased
    Killed in madness epidemic caused by lack of REM sleep
    played by Deborah Taylor ("Night Terrors")
Zembata, Capt. *
    Commanding officer, USS Victory ("Elementary, Dear Data")

                                STAR TREK XIII:

THE OLD SERIES MEETS THE NEXT GENERATION


CAPTAIN'S LOG, STARDATE 14111.7:

We are investigating a strange variable naked singularity which has just
reappeared after a 75 year absence.  The last such mission to study this
phenomenon was the original Enterprise under the command of James Kirk.
It is imperative that we find out why it has returned and just what
causes these apparent violations of the laws of physics...


Picard: Data, status of that..."thing."

Data: Sir, if by thing you mean the singularity, sensors indicate that it
is growing more unstable at this time.

Picard: Hmm...suggestions, anyone?

Yar: Photon torpedoes armed and ready, Captain!  Just one good shot--

Worf: I'm a Klingon, sir.  Respectfully submit we cease this wasteful
pandering and go find another alien culture to conquer- er, enlist in
the Federation!

Troi: I'm getting nothing from it, sir.  Whatever it is, it won't help
our ratings...

Wes: Of course!  If I modify the output from the warp engines--

Picard: Shut up, Wesley!  That's enough!  What about you, number one?

Riker: Are you asking me to confirm what you've already decided, Sir?  Why,
we'll stay and investigate, of course.  (looks eager)

LaForge: Sir, I'm "seeing" all sorts of new, strange activity across the
spectrum, infra-red, microwave, and radio.

Data: Sensors indicate gravitational field intensity increasing!

Picard: What the...?

Data: Captain, we are being pulled in...


(PLACE COMMERCIAL HERE....)


CAPTAIN'S LOG, STARDATE 3714.2

The Enterprise has been delayed while relaying emergency vaccines to plague-
ridden Cyron IV by the appearance of a naked singularity.  First officer
Spock is leading the investigation.


McCoy: Dammit, Jim!  We've got to get that vaccine to the rendezvous in
two days or billions will die!

Spock (looking up from peep show viewer): Two days, one hour, sixteen
minutes, and seven seconds, Doctor.

McCoy: Blast it, Spock, I'm a doctor, not a cuckoo clock!

Kirk:  Gentlemen, please.  We'll get that vaccine there, Bones.  The
rendezvous with the Yorktown is only a day away at Warp 8.

<voice through intercom>: I heard that!  She canna take the strain, Captain.
Warp 6 maybe, but only if we were fresh out of spacedock...

Kirk (flashing a winning grin at no one in particular): Take it easy,
Scotty!  You can do it, or you're fired.

<voice>: Aye, sir...

Spock (looks into viewer): Captain, I'm picking up readings of gravity
fluctuations from the singularity.

Kirk: Red alert!  Shields up, Mr. Sulu.  Lt. Uhura, open hailing
frequencies...(stands, straightens uniform over belly)  This is Captain
James T. Kirk of the--

Spock: Sir, it is only a natural phenomenon...

Kirk: Oh...  Cancel red alert.  Maintain ready status.

Chekov: Keptin Kirk!  SOmething has just activated my long range sensors--
eet's some kind of wessel!

Spock: Confirmed, Captain.

Kirk:  Red alert!  (throws spock an 'I told you so' look)  Sulu, go to
full magnification!  Uhura, open--

Uhura: Hailing frequencies already open sir.  Broadcasting friendship
messages in all languages.

Spock: Fascinating!  (looks up from viewer)  Jim--it's the Enterprise!


(INSERT COMMERCIAL HERE)


CAPTAIN'S LOG, SUPPLEMENTAL

After being pulled into the naked singularity, we find ourselves powerless
and drifting towards another ship, which if our sensors were working,
we could identify...


Picard: any word on that ship yet?

Data: No, sir.  We will not be close enough for visual contact for another
two minutes, three sec--

Picard: LaForge, get down to the lounge and see if you can tell what itis.

LaForge:  Aye, Sir.

Picard:  Oh, and Engsign Crusher?

Wes:  Sir?

Picard:  Shut up!

(Wes looks confused yet again)

Data: Sir, I wish to report something strange...

Picard: Strange?

Data: Is that not the word?  (furrows brow, looking at his nose while
thinking) Abormal?  Irregular?  Biza--

Riker:  Daaaaaa-ta!

Data: Oh, yes.  Sir, this may sound highly irregular, but computer com-
parisons of the ship library's astronomical charts with current sensor
readings would seem to indicate that we have travelled back in time.

Data: They were not.  However, due to time limitations placed on us by
the writers, we had to skip a few minor details.

Riker:  Are you saying we're no longer in the present as we know it?
(looks bewildered).

<voice>: LaForge to Bridge!  Captain, this is going to sound bogus, but
I see the Enterprise!

Riker: Way to go, Geordi!  Who gave you your sight back this time?

<voice>: Sir?  Not this Enterprise, but the old one!  The old
Constitution Class starship!

Yar: Confirmed, sir!  We're being hailed in all the old Federation friend-
ship messages.

Picard: What???  Any suggestions?

Riker:  Might as well see what they want.  Troi, are you feeling anything?

Troi: Not at the moment; (switches to Riker's mental wavelength) but that
doesn't mean I won't later, Amzadi...

(Riker primps)

Picard: On visual, Lieutenant.

(a stocky, sandy-haired man who is obviously on a diet appears. Standing
behind him is a tall, lean Vulcan whose hands are apparently cuffed behind
his back)

"...This is Captain James T. Kirk of the U.S.S. Enterprise.  We are on a
peaceful mission!  Explain who you are, or we will open fire!"

Picard (to Yar): Broadcast on all frequencies, in all languages...

"We Surrender."


(INSERT COMMERCIAL HERE)


Captain's Log, supplemental:

A highly advanced alien ship has seemingly surrendered to us for no
apparent reason. Partly due to this, and partly because the alien vessel
so closely resembles our own, Mr. Spock has advised extreme caution.

Question: Is this some kind of mind control? Are we being made to see
images and forms that are familiar to us to lull us into complacency?
The lives of 430 crewmen depend on my decisions. On.... my.... decisions!!


Kirk: We have not asked for a surrender! Only that you identify yourselves
and state your purpose..

<This is Captain Jean Luc Picard of the starship USS Enterprise. Our
mission is peaceful-- >

Kirk: Waitaminnut! *This* is the Enterprise!

<In *your* time period, Captain. You see, we are from your future.
Somehow, we must get back. Do you have any suggestions?>

Kirk: My 1st officer and I will take it under consideration. Please
stand by!

(screen blanks out)

Scotty: Captain! Did ye see thot- a Klingon on thot ship! If they are
from our future, let's put 'em oot o' their misery!

Kirk: One moment, Mr. Scott. Spock? I do believe your eyebrow betrays
your highly emotional state!

Spock: Really? I see no need to insult me; I merely was attempting to
scratch my forehead against my bangs so as not to expend the energy
involved in raising my arm. However, I feel I should point out that if
indeed there is an advanced alien culture aboard that vessel, and if
they wanted to appear in a form familiar to us, they would either have
to read our thoughts or scan the ship's records. Without such knowledge,
they would have no pattern on which to base their deception. Ship's
sensors would have alerted us to any scans, though I have detected some
kind of telepathic activity coming from the alien ship.

McCoy: Damn your Vulcan logic! If they were going to go through all the
trouble of disguising themselves, then why not look just like us? Why
these differences, like Klingons on a Federation ship? The wrong colors
on the uniforms?? A less-than-perfect copy of the Enterprise??? I'll
tell you why; they're mistakes! These new writers don't have what it
takes, time or talent, and as a result we're just going to skip over
the whole thing because we have to move along and can't involve
ourselves minor details like continuity!

Spock: Captain, I suggest the best course of action would be beaming over
to the alien ship for direct observation. We have not yet used the
transporter this episode, and i would like the opportunity to study the
highly advanced computer they possess; ours doesn't "tick."

Kirk: Good idea! Uhura...?

Uhura (sighs): Aye, sir....on visual..

Kirk: Due to the complexity of the situation, perhaps it would be best if
my first officer and I beamed over to your ship...

Picard (to person offscreen): Suggestions? Will it violate the Prime
Directive?

Riker (offscreen): Sir, their Prime Directive is our Prime Directive...

Picard: Good! Then no harm is done! (to Kirk) Very well. You have our
coordinates. Make it so!

Kirk: Excellent! We'll beam over in 5 minutes. Kirk out!....

Kirk: Scotty, can you beam us over?

Scott: No sir! Whot with this singularity beasties' effect an' all, it'll
be 2 hours before we ken even transport a fly!

Kirk: Scotty, I want that transporter working in 5 minutes!!

Scott (sighs also): Aye, sir...

Kirk: If one more person sighs heavily because I make an unreasonable
demand, I'll put that person in the brig!!! (hits no button in particular
on his chair's arm) Security?

<voice>: Blue Moon Detective Agency!
Do aliens hate you;
Tribbles berate you?
Is your tricorder missing;
Your Yeoman not kissing?
Then give us a call-
We'll take the fall!

Kirk: Security, send two men to the transporter room. I want them there
in 5 minutes!!

<voice>: (sigh!) Aye, sir. I'll see if they're in their office...

(cut to shot of transporter room)
(security guard enters)

Kirk: Yeoman Kyle, you have the coordinates. Beam us over safely and
maybe I'll have that big picture on the wall you've been staring at for
3 seasons changed... (turns, examines guard) I thought I sent for two
men, Ensign....?

Guard: Addison, Ensign David Addison, sir. There should be two of us, but
my partner is on maternity leave, and I think I'm on the wrong set...

Kirk: Hmmm... Only one guard. Can you handle a phaser?

Guard: Ha! Do Klingons clingeth? Do Thesaurians thesaureth? Do you and
Spock--

Kirk: All right! I get the picture! We'll take you along, but first you
have to trade shirts with me!

Guard: Sir? Is this like Twister?

Kirk: You heard me! Apparently, their security division color is mustard-
gold, and if you think I'm beaming over in a security color uniform...

Guard: Aye, sir..

(Removes shirt. Kirk gets in a fight offscreen and has his forcibly
removed. Hands dirty tatters to Addison.)

Kirk: And another thing: get rid of those.... (waves hand towards
Addison's head) .....those whatever!

Guard: Awww... Not my Ray-Bans! If the brothers in Philly ever see me
like this...

(the three men step onto the platform)

Kirk: Energize!

(Reality swirls. Kirk, Spock, McCoy, and the security guard materialize
on the new Bridge.)

Kirk: Hey! I thought there were only three of us!

McCoy: It's those damn fool writers again!

(Picard steps forward)

Picard: I'm Captain Jean Luc Picard of the USS Enterprise, number
NCC-1701..."D."

Spock: Fascinating!

Kirk: "D?"

Picard: Yes, Captain. You see, although in reality this is only the third
Enterprise, it was decided to skip "B" and "C" and name it in your
honor...

Kirk: My honor? But what happened to the original Enterprise?

Picard: You blew it up!

Kirk: I what??

McCoy: Jim! Before you call this man a liar, just think of your record!
Your habits! The risks you take!!

Kirk: Well,... what about the 2nd one?

Picard: Let's just say you're consistent....

Kirk: Oh...... But why "D?" Why not "t?"

Riker (tries to look like Kirk): They already used that in *my* name,
sir. No, they chose a most unusual method for picking the "D." Data?

Data: To honor your statement "The Enterprise is a beautiful lady, and we
love her," Starfleet historians went back and obtained the bra cup size
of every woman, and alien, you ever kissed. The average was obtained,
and appended to the number for the Enterprise. Hence, "1701-D."

(Kirk looks innocently about. McCoy rocks on his heels. Spock
prevaricates.)

Kirk: I'm...... honored, I suppose.

Picard: Ah! But I'm neglectful, certainly! Allow me to introduce my
Bridge crew. Any suggestions as to what order, anyone? No, never mind;
Let's throw caution to the wind! My first, William Riker (primps); 2nd-
in-command Lt Cmndr Data; ship's counselor, Deanna Troi (Kirk's eyes
twinkle- Troi blushes, breathes faster); security chief Yar (now Kirk
breathes faster- Troi receives impressions of the number "3"); Lt. LaForge,
our blind navigator (Spock raises eyebrow); and Lt. Worf, whose exact
duties have never been revealed...

Kirk: Worf?? He looks familiar. Bones?

(McCoy walks over, passes med-scanner over Worf.)

McCoy: Jim! This man is a Klingon!!

(Security guard raises phaser, but is blown away by Yar and Worf.)

McCoy (passes scanner over guard): He's dead, Jim!

LaForge: Well, now ABC has a chance to find someone that Cybill can work
with...

Kirk: That man! He was one of my crew!

Data: A most appropriate choice of tense, Captain.

Kirk: Only 429 lives left! And I'm responsible for them!! I'm.....
Responsible!! My.... decisions!!!


(INSERT COMMERCIAL HERE)


Captain's Log, Stardate 3714.9

After beaming over to the strange "alien" vessel which claims to come
from our future, we are greeted by humanoid life forms, one of which is
a Klingon. This fact has already cost me the life of one of my crew. I'm
saddened, but yet I feel a strange sense of elation at having had the
foresight to change uniforms...


Medical Log, Leonard McCoy reporting:

He's dead, Jim. And I'll tell you something else; there isn't any reason
he shouldn't be! He's just not alive anymore, and there's not a damn
thing I can do to change it!


Kirk: One of my men is dead! How many more must die before you've had enough?

Picard: On the contrary, Captain! It was one of your 23rd Century savages
who attacked for no reason! It's hard to believe we were once as primitive
as you...

(the two men continue the argument, oblivious to Yar and Worf, who are
still attacking the body)

Kirk: The Klingons are our sworn enemy!

Picard: *Were* your sworn enemy!

Kirk: My man was just doing what any other man would have done in his
position. And for someone who calls us savages, I find it highly
irregular that "civilized" beings like yourselves would carry weapons
on the Bridge!

(McCoy sees Yar and Worf)

McCoy: Stop it!.... Stop it!! You just don't keep hacking away at a man
after he's down!!

Picard: Lieutenant Yar, report!

Yar: (stands, faces Picard) Speaking strictly as Security Chief, just how
much can you trust a dead person on the Bridge?

Worf: I'm a Klingon, sir. I live for this--

Picard: Not on my Bridge, you won't! (turns to Kirk) I assume you'd like
to return your man to your ship?

Kirk: Yes, thank you. (flips open communicator) Kirk to Enterprise, come
in Enterprise...

<Voice>: Enterprise! Scott here...

Kirk: Mr. Scott, there's been an accident over here; we've lost another
security guard.

<Voice>: Och! Thot'll be the fifth this week!

Kirk: I know, Scotty. One to beam over; better put the ship on Yellow
Alert. Kirk out.

(body dematerializes; Worf becomes visibly down-hearted)

Picard: I'm sorry about your man. If it's any consolation, he wasn't the
father; it was Sam's baby...

Kirk: Death... is never justifiable...

Troi: I know how you feel, Captain.

Kirk: Do you, Counselor? Do you really know what it's like to be
responsible for the live of 430--

Data: Four hundred and twenty-nine, sir.

Kirk: --429 men and women??

Troi: Sir, I am half Betazoid. I can sense strong emotions and feelings.
Your sense of loss is most intense; it is difficult not to feel it...

Spock: (to Kirk) Undoubtably the source of the telepathy I perceived
earlier coming from this ship, Captain.

Troi: Strange. You appear to be Vulcan, yet I sense some emotions in you!

McCoy: What's the matter, Spock? Slipping?

Spock: No, Doctor. As you are well aware, I possess a Human half that is
sometimes difficult to control. I hope to someday purge all emotions and
embrace total logic, thus achieving Kolinahr.

McCoy: Well, just so long as you change your pants after you achieve it...

Data: (to Spock) Most unusual. We are very much alike, you and I, yet you
state your desire to suppress your Human tendencies. I, on the other hand,
wish I could become more Human.

Kirk: You mean you're not?

Data: No, sir. I am an android. A computer. A --

Kirk: You're a machine?? And you're second in command??

Data: I'm also in several bio-mechanical texts.

Riker: It's Starfleet's policy never to discriminate against any sentient
life form. Mr. Data has never failed any test for sentience. I might add
that all Academy graduates are required to be sentient.

Yar: A pity your security details never had to pass these tests! Maybe if
they had, you would have a Chief of Security...

Data: (aside, to Kirk) Ask me sometime about the advantages of having a
Chief of Security...

McCoy: So! Is that what it's come to! Machines taking over for man, just
because they can think faster? Well, I don't buy it! There are just some
things a machine can't do!! I'd name 'em, but there are children watching
this show...

Data: But sir! I *am* fully functional.

Troi: Tasha? Why do I sense embarrassment??

(Kirk's communicator beeps)

Beep, Beep!!      <-- special effects
(He answers it)

Kirk: Kirk here. What is it, Scotty?

<Voice>: Sir? This is Lt. Uhura; Mr.Scott is in engineering.

Kirk: Engineering? But I left Scotty in charge! What's wrong? What's going
on on my ship??

<Voice>: I don't know, sir. We're losing power, and we don't know why!
Captain... I'm frightened!!

Spock: Spock here. Mr. Sulu, at what rate is the Enterprise losing power?

<Another Voice>: We're down to 80% power, but the drain is increasing
geometrically. We have maybe (static)ve more hours at (more static) lose
all power and are pulled into the (even more static) ...source is the
alien (complete static)......

Kirk: Sulu! (taps communicator) Mr.Sulu!! Can you read me?

McCoy: It's dead, Jim! I can't get anything on mine, either!

Kirk: Well, it looks like we're here for awhile. (turns to Picard) But
what concerns me is why you're draining energy from my ship!

Picard: I assure you, we are doing no such thing!

Spock: Yours is the only ship in the area; it is only logical to assume
it is the source of the power drain. If your ship is not the source,
then what is?

Picard: Hmmm... Good idea! Suggestions, anyone?

Spock: Perhaps if we spoke with your chief engineer...

Picard: I'm afraid that's not possible.

Kirk: That's my ship losing power over there, mister! You better make it
possible!!

Picard: No, you don't understand. We don't *have* a chief engineer.

McCoy: What??

Picard: That's usually my line, Doctor. (to Kirk) You see, there just
wasn't anybody cast in the role of chief engineer. The writers gave us
a Chief of Security instead.

McCoy: So what do you do now? Kill off engineers instead of security?

Riker: (says eagerly) Well, the only person to be killed so far has been
an engineer...

Kirk: You mean to tell me that someday, the Federation will put Klingons
on the Bridge, arm their Bridge crews, kill off engineers instead of
security guards, and place machines in the chain of command??

LaForge: You forgot the part about letting a blind person drive theship, sir.

(Troi steps forward, wobbles a little)

Troi: I.... I sense.... I...

(Troi collapses. McCoy and Riker rush over)

Picard: (hits communicator on chest) Bridge to Sick Bay! Medical Alert!
Dr.Crusher to the Bridge!!

<Voice>: I'm on my way!

Picard: Does anyone have ideas as to why Counselor Troi collapsed?

Riker: Unknown at this moment, Captain.

McCoy: She seems to be suffering from some virus. It might be communicable!

Spock: Sir, if that is the case, the Bridge personnel should be quarantined.

Picard: I'll do no such thing! As you know, we do things a bit
differently in the 24th Century. (turns to face Bridge Crew) LaForge?
You got to spread the virus last time; whose turn is it now?

Yar: Mine, sir.

Picard: Very well. Make sure you miss no one! Remember: it's vital that
as many people as possible get sick in as short a time as possible. We
haven't had any good dramatic tension since the security guard was killed.

Yar: Aye, aye, sir.

(she moves off and begins kissing everyone as Dr. Crusher comes onto
the Bridge)

(Crusher passes scanner over Troi)

Crusher: Oh, my God... Oh, my God!...

Picard: What? What??

Crusher: It's some virus I've never seen before!

Riker: Is there an antidote of anykind?

Crusher: Like I said, I've never seen it before. I'll be lucky to come up
with a vaccine in time, *if* there's a vaccine! Judging by it's rate of
progress, you all have 3 hours to live!!

Picard: What??

Kirk: "You" have 3 hours? Don't you mean "We?"

Crusher: I meant "You;" I never catch any of the illnesses I treat, or
don't you watch the show? (turns to Picard) Three hours at best, Captain...

I'LL MISS YOU, JEAN LUC....


(INSERT COMMERCIAL HERE)


Captain's Log, supplemental:

A deadly virus has appeared aboard the Enterprise. Unless Dr.Crusher
can come up with an antidote in 3 hours, we will all die! Meanwhile, the
mysterious power drain continues to affect the other Enterprise. Security
is investigating, as the source of the drain appears to be on this ship!


Picard: What are the symptoms, Doctor?

Crusher: I don't know, sir.

Picard: Well, can you isolate it?

Crusher: Again, I don't know!

Picard: Then if you know nothing about it, how can you predict that we
have only three hours left to live??

Crusher: I don't know, sir! I just looked at my tricorder, and that's what
it said! Oh, I suppose I can take some blood samples or run some tests,
but beyond that, I just don't know, Jean Luc!!

Picard: Good work, Doctor! Make it so!

Spock: (under his breath) As I have always maintained, members of the
medical profession would do better to employ the use of beads and rattles...

Kirk: What's that, Mr.Spock?

Spock: I said, based on the doctor's investigation and evaluation of the
virus, I would venture to say that Doctor McCoy's medical methods were,
for some reason, widely adopted among Starfleet personnel. Perhaps in
order to effect some method of population control..

McCoy: That's enough, Spock! Can't you see? This woman relies too much on
a machine and not on her human intuition! And you're not the one to use
human intuition, are you? You pointy-eared logic circuit! Why, if I weren't--

Kirk: That's enough, Bones; Spock! We have only a few hours left. I
suggest we use them wisely.

Data: Two hours, fifty-five minutes and 17 seconds, sir.

McCoy: (to Kirk) Kinda reminds you of someone, doesn't he?? (thumbs his
head at spock)

Kirk: Bones, why don't you see what you can figure out about this virus!

(McCoy leaves)

Picard: I assure you, Captain! Dr. Crusher is most competent..

Kirk: If you don't mind, Dr.McCoy will proceed nonetheless.

Picard: Do you distrust my Chief Medical Officer?

Kirk: Just what would you do in my position? I'm on board a plague ship
with a clueless albeit attractive CMO who is on first name terms with
the Captain. Both parties continually exchange furtive glances, not to
mention the doubt surrounding the parentage of the only child on board
who is allowed access to the Bridge!

Picard: Hmmmm... Quite so! (looks around) Has anyone seen Wesley?

(Everyone looks around, but he's not there)

Picard: Computer? Tell me the location of Wesley Crusher!

<Computer>: The boy?

Picard: Yes! The Boy!

<Computer>: The boy is in Engineering, section 6. Have a nice day!

Picard: Bridge to Engineering! Is Wesley there?

<Voice>: The boy? Yes, he's here. One moment...

<Whine>: Yes, Fath-- er, Captain Picard?

Picard: Is that you Wesley?

<Whine>: Yes, sir!

Picard: Good. Shut up! Bridge out!

Worf: Sir! Sensors indicate the other Enterprise's orbit is beginning to
fluctuate! It's as if their controls were sluggish...

Picard: What??

Riker: Have they lost all power?

Worf: No, sir. Power loss seems to have leveled off. They are at 15% power.

Kirk: Fifteen percent? But that's barely enough for life support and
helm control! The lives of --

Picard: Yes, yes, we know!

Spock: Fascinating! It's as if the source of the power drain knew the
precise level of power the Enterprise could be lowered to and yet
maintain control of vital functions..

Kirk: So you're saying the Enterprise shouldn't lose anymore power?

Spock: Read my lips, Jim! I believe I inferred as much. The only logical
question that remains is what will the stolen power be used for?

Riker: And don't forget; we need to know who's taking it!

Kirk: Anything else, Spock?

Spock: Affirmative. Why has no one else succumbed to the virus?

Picard: Good point! Comment, anyone?

Riker: I feel fine, sir!

Data: As do I, sir.

LaForge: Me too, sir.

Picard: Well, I think it's safe to say that if Counselor Troi were here,
she would say that she feels that we feel fine!

Riker: Makes "sense", sir.

(Kirk groans)

Picard: Bridge to Sickbay! Doctor Crusher, why has no one else been
infected?

<Voice>: I don't know, sir!... Damn! Where are all those wise sayings we
doctors are supposed to say at times like these?

Picard: Doctor!... Beverly,... get a hold of yourself! It's all right!

<Voice>: (sniffle) Thanks, Jean Luc...

<Another Voice>: Jim? McCoy here! I think I have it! It's not a virus at all!

Kirk: What do you mean, Bones?

<Another Voice>: If it's all right with you, I'll explain it when I come
up to the Bridge for the final scene...

Kirk: Okay, but make it fast!

<Yet Another Voice>: Engineering to Bridge!

Picard: This is the Bridge. Go ahead..

<Y. A. Voice>: Sir, Chief Engineer No. 3,814 here, sir. We've figured out
a way to get back, sir!

Picard: Excellent! To whom do we owe our gratitude?

<Voice>: He's on his way to the Bridge now, sir..

(At this point, the turbolift doors open. Wesley steps out.)

LaForge (to himself): Oh, no! Not again!

Picard: Ensign Crusher! I thought you were in Engineering?

Wes: I was, sir. But seeing as how I finished the modifications to the
warp engines necessary to return the ship to our time--

Picard: You did what??

Riker: It's my fault, sir. He's my responsibility; I should have kept a
closer eye on him! (Advances towards Wes)

Picard: One moment, Will! First, I want to find out what he did to my
ship! Report, Wesley!

Wes: Well, sir, all I had to do was modify the power output of the warp
engines. But in order to do this, I had to borrow some extra power. The
only other source was the other Enterprise.

Kirk: You mean you're responsible for what crippled my ship?? You nearly
killed almost 430 men and women!!

Wes: Sir, I knew what I was doing. I called up the records on your ship,
though it was a little confusing as to just which ship you're using at
the moment. I found out the critical threshold of energy depletion for
your ship, and from there I just borrowed the rest. You can always
generate more..

Kirk: You just don't go and "borrow" energy from a starship!!

Spock: Not true, Captain, since apparently he has done it.

Picard: Captain, please!! (to Wes, sweetly) Wesley, do you mean to say we
can return home now?

Wes: Yes, sir.

Picard: Good. Then shut up!!

(once again, the turbolift doors open. McCoy, Crusher, and Troi step onto
the Bridge)

McCoy: Jim, I'm beginning to believe I can cure anything!

Kirk: Report, Bones!

McCoy: Well, the whole problem started with an incorrect diagnosis! It
wasn't a virus at all!!

Kirk: Yes, I believe you said something about that earlier..

McCoy: You see, Jim, if it was a virus, it would have spread! But instead,
only Troi got sick! It was only after I found out that she's a hyper-
sensitive that I realized what caused the illness!

Kirk: Well?... What caused it?

McCoy: Think about it! Troi didn't get sick until we arrived. We caused
her illness!

Picard: But you said it wasn't a virus!

McCoy: And it's not! It's the writing, the scripts!... The Writers!!!

Kirk: Yes, yes- they control everything, but even they haven't given a
good reason for only Troi becoming sick..

McCoy: They don't have to!

Crusher: Captain, it's like back in the 21st Century--

Picard: Those were savage times!

Crusher: --when half the population was starving. Even when they finally
got food, they couldn't eat it too quickly without getting sick!

Kirk: I still don't understand how that explains the illness.

Spock: Most interesting! You are saying that the appearance of your vessel
in our time is causing your illness because you are used to bad writing.
Our beaming over only aggravated the problem further...

McCoy: And that's why Troi collapsed! Being so perceptive, so sensitive,
it was just too much for her to take!!

Kirk: She seems to be fine now..

McCoy: That's because she left the Bridge and went to Sickbay- the place
where one of the most incompetent, shallow and unbelievable characters on
this ship works. She'll be all right once we leave, but prolonged exposure
to good writing could kill her!

(Thousands of viewers can be heard screaming, "Stay for a while! Stay on the
ship!!")

Picard: And once you return to your ship, we can return to our proper time...

Kirk: That's it? As simple as that?

Picard: I'm afraid so, Captain. The new writers are used to rushing the
ending..

(Beep! Beep!)

Kirk (answers communicator): Kirk here!

<Voice>: Scott here; we're beaming ye back!

Kirk: But I gave no such order!

<Voice>: Sorry, sir! But we're under time constraints, and I canna take
enna more of this episode!

Kirk: Scotty! You've got to give me a few minutes. Just a few, and I need
them now!!

<Voice>: Sorry, sir. I'm under orders!

(Kirk, Spock and McCoy dematerialize)

Picard: Well, I'm glad *they're* gone, eh No.1?

Riker: Yes, sir! I was beginning to wonder if we'd ever get back to our
rushed dialogue and plot...

Picard: Agreed! Mr. LaForge? Lay in a course back to our own time! Warp
factor six!

LaForge: Aye, aye, sir. Course plotted... and laid in, sir.

Picard: Engage!

(The Enterprise revs up, stretches, pops like a rubber band, and disappears
in a very realistic flash of light.)


(INSERT COMMERCIAL HERE)


Captain's Log, Stardate 3715.0

The ship from our future has been gone for almost one hour. Gone with it is
any trace of the naked singularity we had been investigating. As is usual
for the end of a crisis, I have called Dr.McCoy to the Bridge to engage in
idle speculation, pointless banter, and maybe even a brief moral...


Kirk: I still don't understand it, Bones. It all just happened so quickly.

McCoy: Jim, I keep telling you- it's not your fault! The writers of that
century are just-.... well, they're just bad! They even forgot to leave
in the singularity for the last scene!

Spock (turning at his station): I disagree, Doctor. It was most logical
for the singularity to disappear when the future Enterprise vanished.

McCoy: Oh, no! I should have known it! The writers have gotten to Spock!

Spock (ignoring McCoy): You see, Jim, the singularity was essentially a
"rip" in the fabric of the universe. Some tremendous strain, existing
both in their time and ours, was too great for the normal space-time
continuum to bear.

Kirk: So what was it, Spock? What caused the strain in the first place?

Spock: I believe Doctor McCoy is best qualified to explain that, sir.
Vulcans do not engage in television criticism...

Kirk: Bones?

McCoy: It was us, Jim!

Kirk: Come on, Bones! We've never travelled to the future!!

McCoy: True; not personally. But consider all those plots that have been
lifted from our series and used in theirs!

Kirk: Ahhhhh!.... So the removing of not just one, but many, many events
in our present to their future caused the strain which "ripped" the universe?

Spock: Quite correct, Captain. Perhaps if they had used only a few, the
strain would have had no effect, but as they used so many...

Kirk: Well, I still don't understand why the singularity disappeared.
Aren't we still in our present? Aren't they back in the future? Wouldn't
the strain still be there??

Spock: Unknown, Captain. Perhaps our appearance in some way motivated
their writers to be more original.

Kirk: Well, in any case, it's like I've always said...

(entire Bridge crew grimaces in anticipation)

McCoy: Yes, Jim?

Kirk: Even though this show is a timeless classic, it will never be
duplicated in another time period.

(the whole Bridge starts giggling and laughing)

Kirk: Ha, ha!

Sulu: Ho, ho!

Checkov: Wery funny!

Spock:                        (<-- Vulcan laughter)

Kirk (Holding side): Mr Sulu? Plot a course for rendezvous with the
Yorktown; We have some vaccines to deliver. Maximum warp!

Sulu: Aye, aye, sir!

(music fades in as Enterprise moves away)

(Picture fades to black)

    End

            S T A R  T R E K  M A S T E R  T I M E L I N E
                         by Kasey K.S. Chang
     Last update: 01-10/92

Part 1/4 : TLREADME.DOC

WHY ANOTHER TIMELINE?
     I was not satisfied with the timelines that already existed, so I
created my own.
     Of all of the existing timelines, the Stone/Finkas one is the best,
but it references ONLY the screened evidence, leaving people who want a
larger picture in the dark.  For example, there was no mention of when the
Federation is formed in Star Trek, nor any mention of any dates for the
first Klingo-Federation War nor the first Romulan War.  Therefore none of
these "important" events were present in the Stone/Finkas timeline.
     I fully understand that there are people who consider only the
screened evidence "canon".  However, they should also realize the
limitations of that definition.
     I decided to explore the bigger picture, presenting all evidence, but
weighted screened evidence heavier than the other evidences available.  All
are documented, so you can ignore the unscreened evidence at your leisure.

FORMAT OF TIMELINE
     I have decided to incorporate BOTH Stardate and OED (Old Earth Date)
year references into the timeline.  If a Stardate is given, it is noted,
with an estimated OED year given, unless there are many such entries for a
given year.  All events are sorted by approximate year, then Stardate,
unless Stardate order is not correct.
     I have attempted to incorporate all screened Star Trek sources
available, including The Original Series (TOS), The Animated Series (TAS),
The Movies, (ST:TMP, ST2-6), and The Next Generation (TNG). Occasionally
you will find references to some after-market books such as the TNG Tech
Manual.  Those will be clearly labeled as such so you can ignore them as
you wish.  Also, in the TNG section, the TNG Comics are included for
completeness' sake.  I have access to a TNG Stardate chart from DC comics,
and I incorporated that into this timeline.  Also, the titles of the TNG
novels are incorporated in the TNG section as well.  You may also see once
in a while a reference to a TOS novel or two.
     When events conflict in timing, emphasis is placed in the following
order: TOS, TNG, Movies, TAS, TNG Tech Manual.  The source in front is
assumed to be "more canonical" than those in the back.

ORGANIZATION
     There are four files in this release:

1/4  TLREADME DOC        This file you are reading now
2/4  TLINE1   DOC        The timeline itself, including endnotes
3/4  TLINEAPX DOC        Appendix, abbreviations and bibliography
4/4  TLINEEXP DOC        Explanations, on how I arrived at
                              the results

DISCLAIMER
     Placement of all events within the Star Trek time frame is solely my
own interpretation and should NOT be viewed as "official" information.
However, they are based on the best evidence available.
     I have no involvement with Paramount Studios or the TNG office, nor do
I have special access to information not available to the public.  All
sources are documented as shown.  Bibliography is in the appendix.
     I do not claim to have included every event documented in the Star
Trek universe.  If I did, this would be an encyclopedia.  After all, would
you be interested in reading entries like "Year XXX, YYY married ZZZ"?  If
you believe I missed some "major" events, please write me, either through
e-mail or through US Mail, and we can discuss it.
     "Star Trek", "Star Trek: The Next Generation", "ENTERPRISE", and
various other names are trademarks of Paramount Studios, all rights
reserved.  Used for reference/ non-profit purposes only.
     All sources cited in this article were referenced to the best of my
abilities.  Bibliography is in the appendix.

DISTRIBUTION NOTICE
     This timeline may be distributed freely within the Star Trek fandom
subjected to the following conditions:
     1) This notice and author's name must accompany all copies of the
timeline.  "Star Trek Master Timeline" is copyrighted (c) 1991 by Kasey
K.S. Chang, all rights reserved except as noted in the disclaimer above.
     2) This timeline must not be modified in any form without prior
permission of the author with the following exception: if you wish to
convert this timeline to a different file format (say for a Macintosh), you
may add "Converted to XXX format by YYY" beneath the credits.  In this
case, no permission from me is needed.
     3) No charge other than reasonable distribution compensation be
charged for its distribution.

Comments, suggestions, and such should be sent to:

Kasey K.S. Chang                   PC-Link        : Ksc1
2220 Turk Blvd. Apt.6              America On-Line: Ksc1
San Francisco, CA 94118            Promenade      : Ksc1

(By the way, that's Kay-Ess-Cee-ONE, not L.)

Thank you for your attention.  Let's now get to the story.


S T A R  T R E K  M A S T E R  T I M E L I N E
     by Kasey K.S. Chang
     Last update: 01-10/92

Part 2/4 : TLINE1.DOC

Note: Due to the vagrancies of the human speech, all "circa" year
references should have +/- 3 years margin of error.

Stardate  Year  Event
--------+-----+-----------------------------------------------------------
c1000000000 BC The Slaver Empire fell in a massive intergalactic war that
                 destroyed all intelligent life in the galaxy.
                 (TAS: The Slaver Weapon)
    1741647 BC Final survivors of "The Makers" from Andromeda Galaxy died,
                 leaving an outpost filled with android population in our
                 galaxy.  Harry Mudd came upon their world in 2265 and they
                 declared him Mudd the First.  (TOS: I, Mudd)
    c600000 BC The Tkon Empire, a large and technologically advanced
                 civilization, was destroyed when the Tkon's home star went
                 nova.  All that survived are several outposts.
                 (TNG: The Last Outpost)
    c500000 BC A great war broke out between among the possible pregenators
                 of all humanoid species in this galaxy.  Survivors from
                 both sides: Sargon, Thalassa, and Henoch, preserved their
                 minds in receptables on planet Arret, which contained no
                 atmosphere as a result of the war.
                 (TOS: Return to Tomorrow)
    c300000 BC The Borg, possible descendents/survivors of the war of
                 c500000BC, developed their uni-mind structure and
                 cybernetic implant technology.  In their effort to perfect
                 themselves, they started absorbing other civilizations.
                 (TNG: Q Who?)
     c30000 BC American Indians are transplanted to another world by a
                 mysterious race known only as "The Preservers".
                 (TOS: The Paradise Syndrome)
     c10000 BC "The Preservers", possible progenators of life in this
                 galaxy, encountered the Borg.  The resulting war devasted
                 large parts of the galaxy.
               The Preservers, attempting to turn the tide, developed "The
                 Doomsday Machine", on the other side of the galaxy, beyond
                 "The Great Energy Barrier".  A prototype capable of warp 4
                 was released on a trial basis.
               The Preservers within the galaxy were wiped out (?) by the
                 Borg.  Too weak to go on, the surviving Preservers
                 withered away to be no more than spirits, that haunted the
                 now finished "Doomsday Machine" Mark II.
               (TNG: Vendetta)
      c7500 BC Star Fabrina shows unstability.  The inhabitants of the
                 planet built a generation ship/dyson sphere called Yonada
                 to carry its descendents to a new world.
                 (TOS: For the World is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky)
       3834 BC Birth of Flint the immortal in Mesopotamia as Akharin, a
                 foot soldier (TOS: Requiem For Methuselah)
      c3700 BC Spock and McCoy was trapped on the planet Sarpeidon at about
                 this time by the "atavachron" (TOS: All Our Yesterdays)
      c3500 BC Landru, a great scientist on Beta III, died, but left his
                 memories in a computer, which assumed control of all
                 society's functions. (TOS: Return of the Archons)
      c2700 BC Humanoids from Pollux IV arrived on Earth.  Terrans regarded
                 them as gods, and the classical literatures of that time
                 eventually referred to them as the Olympian Gods of Greek
                 and Roman mythology.  (TOS: Who Mourns For Adonis?)
        c67 BC Birth of Surak, of Vulcan, "father of all we became",
                 founder of the "logic" movement on Vulcan
         22 BC Vulcan delegation met the Ethoshan at Shi'Khar in
                 friendship.  The Ethoshans turned out to be shock troops,
                 capturing or killing all of the delegates.  The survivors
                 are held for outrageous amounts of ransom.
               Vulcan declared "The War" on the pirates
               S'Task, pupil of Surak, one of the captured, engineered
                 escape, crashed the ship into the Ethoshan mothership,
                 killing thousands of pirates in the process
               S'Task's disagreement with his teacher split Vulcan society,
                 resulting in riots and small wars
               (TOSN: The Romulan Way)
           c65 Vulcan Colonization group, lead by S'Task, left Vulcan in
                 search for a new, pure beginning.  The ships include
                 REA'S HELM, WARBIRD, STARCATCHER, T'HIE, PENNON,
                 BLOODWING, CORONA, LANCE, GORGET, SUNHEART, FORGE,
                 LOST ROAD, BLACKLIGHT, FIRESTORM, VENGEANCE, MEMORY, and
                 SHIELD.  They will not be heard from in 2000 years.
               (TOSN: The Romulan Way)
          c125 The Vulcan Colonization group (c65) came upon the Trianguli
                 cluster and 128 Trianguli system.  Only four of the
                 original seventeen ships survived the journey.  They will
                 be the ancestors of who are known later as the "Romulans".
               (TOSN: The Romulan Way)
          c865 Civil War breaks out on Solais V, which would rage for the
                 next fifteen centuries.  (TNG: Loud as a Whisper)
         c1200 War destroyed planet Zetar, leaving several inhabitants to
                 wander the galaxy as mental forces of light, search for
                 bodies to possess so they can live again.
                 (TOS: Lights of Zetar)
         c1350 Battle of Aurelius IX, where the Menthas and the Promelians
                 fought their final battle in a legendary interstellar war.
                 (TNG: Booby Trap)
          1367 "Ardra", a female representation of "the devil", allegedly
                 strikes a deal with the natvies of Bentax II so they will
                 gain 1000 years of peace and prosperity in exchange for
                 their souls and eternal slavery at the end of the period.
                 (TNG: Devil's Due)
          1616 (Great Britain, Terra) HMS ENTERPRISE sent to find an
                 alternate naval route to the Orient (Asia), destroyed near
                 India by a hurricane
          1760 (United States, Terra) USS ENTERPRISE, 12 gun sloop,
                 captured on Lake Champaign by United States patriots in
                 1775, captained by General Benedict Arnold in the
                 Revolutionary War.  Self-destructed in 1777 to prevent
                 capture by British Royal Navy
         c1760 Eminiar VII and Vendikar started their interplanetary war.
                 After many years, the actual fighting was replaced by
                 computer control, with casualties reporting to
                 disintegration chambers when instructed to.
                 (TOS: A Taste of Armageddon)
          1780 (United States, Terra) USS ENTERPRISE, 8 gun schooner,
                 guarded Chesapeake Bay against the British Royal Navy
          1812 (United States, Terra) USS ENTERPRISE, 18 gun schooner, used
                 in the War of 1812, destroyed near the end of war
          1888 Redjac entity kills six women in London, England, Terra, as
                 Jack the Ripper  (TOS: Wolf in the Fold)
          1930 Guardian of Forever placed McCoy, Kirk, and Spock in time at
                 about this period.  (TOS: City on the Edge of Forever)
          1932 Redjac entity kills seven women in Shanghai, China, Terra.
                 (TOS: Wolf in the Fold)
          1941 (United States, Terra) USS ENTERPRISE, LEXINGTON-Class
                 military aircraft carrier, fought several battles during
                 Terran World War II. Dismantled 1946.  Designation  CV-6
          1961 (United States, Terra) USS ENTERPRISE, ENTERPRISE-Class
                 military aircraft carrier, first Terran military vessel
                 with nuclear fission power.  Participated in Terran
                 Vietnam War.  Designation  CVN-65
         c1965 The entire adult population of Miri's world (Onlies) died
                 from an engineered virus designed to prolong life.  Only
                 children under the age of 15 survived.  Their aging was
                 greatly reduced, but they die when they reach puberty.
                 They called themselves "the Onlies".  (TOS: Miri)
         c1968 ENTERPRISE came back in time via planned slingshot effect to
                 this date to observe Terra in the nuclear age, but
                 intercepted Gary Seven's transporter beam.  See chronicle
                 of TOS: Assignment Earth.  (TOS: Assignment Earth)
         c1969 Accidental slingshot effect brought ENTERPRISE back in time,
                 into Terra's atmosphere.  Only ENTERPRISE records shows
                 such disruption since the crew have erased most evidence
                 of such a temporal visit.  (TOS: Tomorrow is Yesterday)
          1974 Redjac entity killed five women in Kiev, USSR, Terra.
                 (TOS: Wolf in the Fold)
          1976 (United States, Terra) ENTERPRISE, "Space Shuttle" reusable
                 orbiter, built by National Aeronautics and Space Agency
                 (NASA), used for various atmospheric flight tests.
                 Retired in 1986 to the Terran Smithsonian Institute,
                 having never flown in outer space.  Restored in 2269 for
                 Apollo Tricentennial.  Designation  OV-101 1
          1977 The first of the VOYAGER-series probes launched by NASA.
                 Later, VOYAGER 6 was lost when it encountered a black
                 hole, its fate unknown. (ST:TMP)
          1980 (Civilian, United States, Terra) ENTERPRISE, Goodyear
                 lighter-than-air atmospheric vehicle (blimp), used for
                 many Terran contemporary sporting events and promotions.
                 Designation  N A1
         c1987 Planned slingshot effect carried HMS BOUNTY back in time in
                 search of humpback whales.  Two humpback whales and Dr.
                 Gillian Taylor were brought back to 2286 by the ENTERPRISE
                 crew for "The Whalesong Crisis".  (ST4:TVH)
          1992 "Chicago Mobs of the 1920's" was published in New York.
                 Much later, The crew of USS HORIZON accidentally left a
                 copy of it at Iotia, leading the Iotians to base their
                 culture on it.  (TOS: A Piece of the Action)
    c1992-1996 Eugenics War: a group of scientists created a group of
                 "super-humans", and planned to take over the governments
                 around the world.  The war was won by the normal humans.
                 Survivors of the war including Khan Noonian Singh and Dr.
                 Stavros Keniculus, who exiled themselves into space.
                 (TOS: Space Seed, TAS: The Infinite Vulcan)
          1994 Cryogenics satellite containing Claire Raymond, Ralph
                 Ophemhouse, and L.Q. "Sonny" Clemens, was launched.  It
                 will be retrieved in interstellar space almost four
                 centuries later. (TNG:The Neutral Zone)
          1996 BOTANY BAY leaves Earth with some 200 survivors of the
                 Eugenics War, including Khan Noonian Singh.  They went
                 into suspended animation, and were not found until c2266.
                 It is assumed that other ships like this were also
                 launched.  (TOS:Space Seed)
          2000 (United Nations, Terra)  UNSS ENTERPRISE, PEACEKEEPER-Class
                 military aircraft carrier, second collaborative effort
                 between United States and Soviet Union to ensure Terran
                 world peace, the first being UNSS GORSHKOV.  Used in
                 several peacekeeping missions. Designation CVN-137 (?) 2
         c2010 Saturn Expedition led by Colonel Shaun Geoffrey Christopher
                 was launched (?)  (TOS: Tomorrow is Yesterday)
          2018 DY-100 class sleeper ships' usage are discontinued.
                 (TOS: Space Seed)
          2020 NOMAD probe launched to explore beyond the solar system.
                 Its creator was Jackson Roykirk. (TOS: The Changeling)
         c2029 Birth of Zefram Cochrane, inventor of warp drive. 3
          2036 United Nations declared that no Earth Citizen could be made
                 to answer for the crimes of their race or forebearers
                 (TNG: Encounter at Farpoint)
          2037 July 23rd, the CARYBDIS, NASA's third extra-solar mission
                 was launched.  Col. Steven Richie in command.
                 (TNG: The Royale)
    c2039-2043 World War III, possibly also known as Colonel Green's War
                 (TOS: The Savage Curtain), in which Colonel Green waged a
                 genocidal campaign.  War devastated the world, but did not
                 destroy it. Some nuclear weapons were used, leading to the
                 "Post-Atomic Horrors" in limited areas
                 (TNG: Encounter at Farpoint)
               United Nations was abolished 4
     2043-2047 Mind-Control Revolts, details unknown.  Sources seem to
                 indicate that certain military regiments with mind-control
                 implants rebelled against orders (ST:TMP Novelization) 5
          2044 CARYBDIS's telemetry ceased.  (see 2039)  Ship was presumed
                 lost and destroyed, actual fate unknown until 2365.
                 (TNG:The Royale)
          2048 United Nations reformed (estimated only) (?)
         c2053 The first interstellar scout, SS VALIANT, was launched.
                 (Estimated)
         c2058 UNSS ICARUS sent to Alpha Centauri
                 (TOSN: Strangers from the Sky) 6
         c2059 Captain Kirk, along with Gary Mitchell, Mr.Spock, Lee Kelso,
                 and Dr. Elizabeth Dhener, was temporarily transported to
                 this year by Parneb.  When attempting to return them back
                 to their own time, Parneb discovered Vulcans on Earth
                 years before the official contact date.
               The ENTERPRISE crew found the "lost" Vulcans a spaceship so
                 they can return to where they should be.  The crew, in
                 turn, are returned to their time, their memories inhibited
                 (TOSN:Strangers from the Sky)
     2053-2079 United States of America have 52 states (TNG: The Royale)
          2061 Zefram Cochrane invented the Continuum Distortion Propulsion
                 (CDP) system, the precursor to warp drive
                 (TNG Tech Manual)
          2064 UNSS ICARUS arrived at Alpha Centauri 7
         c2066 SS VALIANT encountered energy barrier at the edge of the
                 galaxy.  The ship self-destructed, reasons unknown. 8
                 (TOS: Where No Man Has Gone Before)
          2075 UNSS AMITY rescued Vulcan scout in Sol orbit
                 (TOSN: Strangers from the Sky)
          2088 Vulcan delegation arrived on earth
                 (TOSN: Strangers from the Sky)
          2082 Colonel Ritchie died in "The Royale" (TNG:The Royale)
          2097 United Federation of Planets established
                 (TOSN: Strangers from the Sky)
               USS BONAVENTURE, first warp equipped Federation space
                 vessel, was launched. (estimated)
          2098 (United Federation of Planets) USS ENTERPRISE, BONAVENTURE-
                 Class interstellar scout, second warp equipped Federation
                 space vessel (the first being BONAVENTURE herself), top
                 speed warp 3.  Lost and presumed destroyed at 2103.
                 Designation  FCC-1001  (?) 9
          2105 Redjac entity killed eight women on the Mars Colonies.
                 (TOS: Wolf in the Fold)
         c2106 Zefram Cochrane disappears during a trip, presume lost and
                 dead at the age of 87.  (TOS:Metamorphosis)
          2123 November 23rd, SS MARIPOSA, DY-500 class sleeper ship,
                 launched for Ficus Sector with two groups of colonists.
                 (TNG: Up the Long Ladder)
         c2150 USS CARRIZAL discovered the 128 Trianguli system, with a set
                 of twin planets in the system.  The system was named
                 Romulus, after Italian myth of Romulus and Remus.  The
                 inhabitants of 128 Trianguli became known as Romulans.
                 (TOSN: The Romulan Way)
         c2152 (Civilian, Terra) USS ENTERPRISE, DECLARATION-class
                 interstellar passenger liner, operating by United-Delta
                 Spacelines.  Regular route: Terra (Sol III) - Alpha
                 Centauri - 40 Eridani (Vulcan) - Andor - Tellar, top speed
                 warp 3.5, retired after 25 years of service.
                 Designation  CPL-1532  (?) (#) 10
         c2153 USS BALBOA, following up the investigation of USS CARRIZAL,
                 was destroyed by Romulan fightercrafts.
               USS STONE MOUNTAIN, which came to BALBOA's aid, was captured
                 by Romulan forces, after design defect crippled the ship.
               Federation declared war on Romulans, thus started the First
                 Romulan War, which would continue for the next 25 years.
                 (TOSN: The Romulan Way)
         c2156 Redjac entity killed two women at Heliopolis, Alpha
                 Proxima II.  (TOS: Wolf in the Fold)
         c2160 Deneva was colonized as a mid-point within the regular trade
                 routes of the Federation (TOS: Operation: Annihilate!)
         c2164 Birth of Sarek of Vulcan, future Vulcan Ambassador to the
                 Federation, father of Spock.
                 (TOS: Journey to Babel, TNG:Sarek)
               First contact with the Delos system by Federation scout.
                 Two inhabited planets are found: Brekka, simple
                 agricultural world, and Onarra, technological society with
                 inter-system travel capabilities.  (TNG: Symbiosis)
         c2165 Plague strikes planet Onarra.  The Brekkans provided cure,
                 which was found to be a narcotic.  (TNG: Symbiosis)
         c2167 Guinan seemed to have met Q sometime in this year.
                 (TNG: Deja Q)
         c2170 USS HORIZON visited planet Iotia, accidentally leaving
                 behind a book called "Chicago Mobs of the 1920's", which
                 the culture eventually adopts as a model for their
                 society.  (TOS: A Piece of the Action)
               USS ARCHON visited the planet Beta III.  The ship was pulled
                 from orbit by the computer Landru, and destroyed.  The
                 crew dispersed, forming the seeds of rebellion in the
                 future.  (TOS: Return of the Archons)
         c2178 First Romulan War ended as both sides negotiated treaty
                 terms via subspace radio only, no face-to-face meetings.
                 The Neutral Zone is established, any entrance by either
                 party constitutes an act of war.  (TOS:Balance of Terror)
         c2193 Birth of Robert April, future ENTERPRISE Captain
                 (TAS: The Counter-Clock Incident)
         c2212 Birth of Amanda Grayson, future wife of Sarek, mother of
                 Spock.  (TOS: Journey to Babel) 11
         c2214 Birth of Christopher Pike, future captain of ENTERPRISE.
          2215 First type of photon torpedo invented, though rather
                 unreliable.  It was designated as a defensive weapon,
                 probably used more often as mines rather than torpedoes
                 (TNG Tech Manual) 12
         c2215 USS SENTRY encounters IKV DEVISOR, first meeting between
                 Federation and Klingon forces
                 (TOSN: The Final Reflection, TOS: Day of the Dove)
               First Federation Contact with planet Eminiar VII by
                 USS VALIANT.  The ship was never heard from again,
                 probably destroyed as a part of the war between
                 Eminiar VII and Vendikar. (TOS: A Taste of Armageddon)
         c2218 First Klingo-Federation War started as Klingon forces
                 started occupying Federation frontier.  Also known as
                 The Four Years War. (FASA Material)
               Federation decided to approach first contact more cautiously
                 in view of the start of the bad relationship with the
                 Klingons (TNG: First Contact)
         c2221 Garth of Izar defeated Klingon forces in Battle of Axanar.
                 (FASA Material, TOS: Whom Gods Destroy)
         c2222 First Klingo-Federation War ended, Klingon Empire forced to
                 give up some of its own frontier as a buffer zone.
                 (FASA Material) 13
         c2227 Birth of Leonard H. McCoy, at Georgia, Terra.  Future
                 ENTERPRISE chief medical officer  14
                 (TNG: Encounter at Farpoint)
         c2229 Birth of Montgomery Scott, at Scotland, Terra.  Future
                 ENTERPRISE chief engineer (#) (estimated)
         c2230 Sarek married Amanda Grayson on Terra.  (?) (estimated)
         c2231 Birth of Spock, at (ShiNaiKar?), Vulcan, son of Sarek and
                 Amanda Grayson.  (?)
          2233 March 3rd, Birth of James Tiberius Kirk, son of George
                 Samuel Kirk and Winona Kirk, at Riverside, Iowa, Terra,
                 Sol system.  Future ENTERPRISE Captain 15
         c2234 SS COLUMBIA, a private research vessel of the Amercian
                 Continental Institute, crashed landed on Talos IV, sole
                 survivor was Vina (TOS:Menagerie)
         c2237 Mr.Brack (Flint the Immortal) purchased planet Holberg 917G
                 as a personal retreat.  (TOS: Requiem for Methuselah)
         c2239 Birth of Hikaru (Walter?) Sulu, at San Francisco,
                 California, Terra.  Future ENTERPRISE helmsman. (#) 16
         c2240 Birth of Nyota(?) (Upenda?) Uhura, at United Africa.  Future
                 ENTERPRISE communications officer. (#) 17
         c2241 Dr. Richard Daystrom developed Duotronics, allowing a new
                 generation of computers to be built, and allowing
                 practical application of the matter transporter.
                 (TOS: The Ultimate Computer, TOSN: Final Frontier)
               Birth of Kevin Riley, on Tarsus IV, future ENTERPRISE
                 transporter chief.  (TOS: Conscience of the King)
          2243 Battle of Donatu V was fought near Sherman's Planet, which
                 is near the Klingon-Federation border.
                 (TOS: Trouble with Tribbles)
         c2244 Shakedown cruises of NCC-1701 by Captain Robert April
               Rescue mission ended in Romulan space due to sabotage,
                 April/Kirk engaged Romulan ships and returned safely,
                 after tricking the Romulans into believing in an invisible
                 Federation fleet, prevented a full-scale Romulan invasion
               SS ROSENBURG was rescued from ion storm by NCC-1701
                 (TOSN:"Final Frontier") (*)
               Birth of Pavel Andrevich Chekov, at Russia, Terra.  Future
                 navigator of ENTERPRISE. (TOS:Who Mourns for Adonis?)
          2245 (UFP/StarFleet) USS ENTERPRISE, CONSTITUTION-Class heavy
                 cruiser.  Built at StarFleet San Francisco Yards, first
                 ship with dilithium augmented warp drive, result of the
                 "Starship" Project.  Top speed: warp 8.  Armed with
                 shields, particle cannons, and lasers.
               Designation  NCC-1701 (*)
               Commander:Captain Robert April
                         Captain Christopher Pike
                         Captain James T. Kirk
               (TOSN:Final Frontier, TNG Tech Manual)
          2245 1st Five Year Mission, under Captain Robert April (#) 18
               Population of Lavinium V was wiped out by flying parasites
                 (TOS: Operation: Annihilate!)
         c2248 Massacre of Tarsus IV.  Governor Kodos, faced with severe
                 food shortage, ordered execution of over half of the
                 colony's population so that others can live.  Kodos became
                 known as "The Executioner", and was not discovered until
                 2266. Survivors includes James T. Kirk, Kevin Riley, and
                 Thomas Leighton.  (TOS:Conscience of the King)
          2249 Birth of Joanna McCoy, daughter of Leonard E. McCoy and
                 Jocelyn McCoy.  (TAS: The Survivor) 19
          2250 Return and refit
               Captain April promoted to Commodore, assigned as Federation
                 ambassador-at-large (*) (TAS:The CounterClock Incident)
               Captain Christopher Pike given command of ENTERPRISE
               Dr.McCoy lead an immunization program on Dramia III
                 (TAS:Albatross)
          2251 2nd FYM, under Captain Christopher Pike (#)
Unknown  c2252 "The Cage"
               Captain Pike was captured by Talosians, who planned to use
                 him and the surviving human female, Vina, for "breeding
                 stock".  After demonstrating human's hostility to
                 captivity, Pike was returned to the ENTERPRISE unharmed.
               General Order Seven was established: no communication of any
                 kind was allowed with Talos IV, with penalty of death.
                 (Also see TOS: The Menagerie)
         c2253 Ensign Kirk served on the USS REPUBLIC, NCC-1371, with
                 Benjamin Finney.  Kirk reported Finney's negligence,
                 resulting in severe demerits and demotions to Finney,
                 creating Finney's hidden hatred.
                 (TOS: Court-Martial)
               Captain Pike and ENTERPRISE discovered the phenomenon which
                 became known as "Pike's Rift", a link to the civilization
                 known as Calligar.  The Rift opens every 33.4 years.
                 (TOSN: The Rift)
         c2255 Treaty of Armens was signed between the Federation and the
                 Sheliak Corporate.  Nothing would be heard from them for
                 the next 111 years.  (TNG: Ensigns of Command)
               Guinan's home world was attacked by the Borg.  The surviving
                 inhabitants scattered throughout the galaxy. (TNG:Q Who?)
               Lieutenant Kirk was wounded during an Orion pirate's attack
                 on the USS FARRAGUT.  His physician was Dr. Leonard H.
                 McCoy.  (TOSN: Crisis on Centaurus)
          2256 Return and refit
               NCC-1701 refitted with phasers and photon torpedoes (#) 20
         c2256 Lieutenant Kirk was one of the few survivors of the vampire
                 cloud, which attacked the USS FARRAGUT (NCC-1702?) at
                 Tycho IV.  (TOS: Obsession)
          2257 3rd FYM, under Captain Christopher Pike (#)
         c2258 Cerberus experiences severe crop failure and food shortages,
                 only survived due to the generosity of famous businessman
                 Carter Winston.  McCoy's daughter Joanna was on Cerberus
                 at the time.  (TAS: Survivor)
         c2259 Spock met Leila Kolami on Terra at about this time.
                 (TOS: This Side of Paradise)
         c2260 SS Beagle, under command of R.M. Merik, was sabotaged by its
                 own captain so he and crew could stay at 892-IV.
                 (TOS:Breads and Circuses)
         c2261 Birth of Saavik, at "Thieurrull" (trans. Hellguard), a
                 Romulan Colony, as a result of forced conception by
                 Romulans upon captured Vulcans.
                 (ST2:TWOK, TOSN: The Pandora Principle)
          2262 Return and refit
               Captain Pike promoted to Commodore, assigned to StarFleet
                 Academy (as commandant?) (TOSN: ENTERPRISE) (?)
               Captain James T. Kirk given command of ENTERPRISE
               (TOSN: ENTERPRISE: The First Adventure)
          2263 4th FYM, under Captain James T. Kirk
               Birth of David Marcus
     2264-2268 The five-year mission period documented by Star Trek (TOS)
                 and Animated Star Trek (TAS)
         c2264 Commodore Pike was injured in a training accident.  In the
                 attempt to rescue the cadets, he suffered exposure to
                 lethal doses of Delta Rays, crippling him for life,
                 confined to a wheelchair, unable to speak or move freely.
                 (TOS: The Menagerie)
1312.4         "Where No Man Has Gone Before"
               SS VALIANT rediscovered by NCC-1701, having self-destructed
                 after encountering The Great Energy Barrier
               Gary Mitchell and Elizabeth Dehner killed in action
1512.2         "The Corbomite Maneuver"
               Initial encounter with the "First Federation"
1329.1         "Mudd's Women"
1672.1         "The Enemy Within"
1531.1         "The Man Trap"
1704.2         "The Named Time"
1533.6         "Charlie X"
1709.1         "Balance of Terror"
               A Romulan Warbird attacked several border outposts, but was
                 destroyed by ENTERPRISE
2712.4         "What Are Little Girls Made Of?"
               Discovery of Dr.Roger Korby, only to find he's an android
2715.1         "Dagger of the Mind"
2713.5         "Miri"
2817.6         "The Conscience of the King"
2821.5         "The Galileo Seven"
2947.3         "Court-Martial"
               Captain Kirk was charged with manslaughter, for supposedly
                 ejecting Ben Finney's capsule into space without adequate
                 warning.  Ben Finney fakes the records in order to
                 implicate Kirk.  He was discovered and arrested.
3012.4         "The Menagerie" (two-parter)
               Spock hijacked the ENTERPRISE and returned Commodore Pike to
                 Talos IV, where he can have the illusion of health.
Unknown        "Shore Leave"
2124.5         "The Squire of Gothos"
3045.6         "Arena"
               First encounter with the Gorn, an reptilian specie.
3087.6         "The Alternative Factor"
3013.2         "Tomorrow is Yesterday"
3156.2         "The Return of the Archons"
3192.1         "A Taste of Armageddon"
3141.9         "Space Seed"
               BOTANY BAY was retrieved by ENTERPRISE.  After Khan's plan
                 to take over the ship failed, Khan and his group was left
                 on Ceti Alpha V.
3417.3         "This Side of Paradise"
3196.1         "The Devil in the Dark"
               First encounter with the Horta, an intelligent being
                 composed of silicon, on Janus IV
3198.4         "Errand of Mercy"
               First encounter with the Organians, pure energy creatures of
                 enormous powers.
               The second Klingo-Federation War was halted by Organians.
                 Organian Peace Treaty was forced on both parties.
3134.0         "The City on the Edge of Forever"
               Discovery of "The Guardian of Forever", an artifact/being
                 allowing time travel
3287.2         "Operation: Annihilate!"
               Death of Samuel and Aurelan Kirk, James T. Kirk's brother
                 and sister-in-law.  Nephew Peter Kirk survived.
          2265
3018.2         "Catspaw"
3219.4         "Metamorphosis"
3497.2         "Friday's Child"
3468.1         "Who Mourns for Adonis?"
3372.7         "Amok Time"
4202.9         "The Doomsday Machine"
3114.9         "Wolf in the Fold"
3451.9         "The Changeling"
3715.0         "The Apple"
Unknown        "Mirror, Mirror"
3478.2         "The Deadly Years"
4513.3         "I, Mudd"
4523.3         "The Trouble with Tribbles"
4090.7         "Bread and Circuses"
3842.3         "Journey to Babel"
4211.4         "A Private Little War"
3211.7         "The Gamemasters of Triskelion"
3619.2         "Obsession"
4307.1         "The Immunity Syndrome"
               USS INTREPID, StarFleet's only all-Vulcan ship, was lost to
                 a giant space amoeba.
4598.0         "A Piece of the Action"
4657.5         "By Any Other Name"
4768.3         "Return to Tomorrow"
2534.0         "Patterns of Force"
4729.4         "The Ultimate Computer"
Unknown        "The Omega Glory"
Unknown        "Assignment: Earth"
          2266
4385.3         "Spectre of the Gun"
4372.5         "Elaan of Troyius"
4842.6         "The Paradise Syndrome"
5031.3         "The ENTERPRISE Incident"
               ENTERPRISE procured a Romulan cloaking device after faking
                 Kirk's death and various other covert acts.
5027.3         "And the Children Shall Lead"
5431.4         "Spock's Brain"
5630.7         "Is There In Truth No Beauty?"
5121.0         "The Empath"
5693.4         "The Tholian Web"
               USS DEFIANT lost in the "interphase" on Tholian border
               First encounter of the Tholians and their "web"
5476.3         "For the World is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky"
Unknown        "The Day of the Dove"
5784.0         "Plato's Stepchildren"
5710.5         "Wink of an Eye"
Unknown        "That Which Survives"
5730.2         "Let That Be Your Last Battlefield"
5718.3         "Whom Gods Destroy"
5423.4         "The Mark of Gideon"
5725.3         "The Lights of Zetar"
5818.4         "The Cloudminders"
5832.3         "The Way to Eden"
5843.7         "Requiem for Methuselah"
5906.4         "The Savage Curtain"
5943.7         "All Our Yesterdays"
5298.5         "Turnabout Intruder"
     2367-2368 Adventures of NCC-1701 as recorded by Star Trek: The
                 Animated Series (TAS)
          2267 First recorded instance of a wormhole in the 39 Tituara
                 System (TNG: Clues)
5392.4         "More Tribbles, More Troubles"
5554.4         "The Infinite Vulcan"
5373.4         "Yesteryear"
5521.3         "Beyond the Farthest Star"
5143.3         "The Survivor"
5433.7         "The Lorelei Signal"
5371.3         "One of Our Planets is Missing"
4978.5         "Mudd's Passion"
1254.4         "The Majicks of Megas-Tu"
5267.2         "Time Trap"
               BONAVENTURE, Federation's first warp-equipped ship, was
                 rediscovered in The Triangle
4187.3         "The Slaver Weapon"
5693.1         "Jihad"
5499.9         "The Ambergris Element"
5591.2         "Once Upon a Planet"
5577.3         "The Terratin Incident"
5501.2         "The Eye of the Beholder"
         c2268 Establishment of Nimbus III, "planet of galactic peace", the
                 only co-operation of Federation, Klingon, and Romulan
                 governments in existence  (ST5:TFF)
7403.6         "Bem"
5275.6         "Albatross"
6341.1         "Pirates of Orion"
3183.3         "The Practical Joker"
6063.4         "How Sharper Than a Serpent's Tooth"
6777.3         "The Counter-Clock Incident"
               Ambassador April was rejuvenated in time to attend the Babel
                 Conference, having previously been at the age of 75
          2268 ENTERPRISE NCC-1701 triumphantly returned to Earth, the only
                 starship out of the original thirteen to survive beyond
                 its projected operational life 21
               Kirk promoted to Rear Admiral (TOSN: The Lost Years)
               StarFleet decided to rebuild NCC-1701 for both experimental
                 reasons and publicity/morale (#)
          2269 "Space Shuttle" ENTERPRISE was restored from Smithsonian
                 Institute to participate in Apollo Tricentennial.
               Admiral Kirk assigned as Chief of StarFleet Operations
               Captain Willard Decker in Command of the ENTERPRISE
               ENTERPRISE's saucer section was refitted and launched from
                 San Francisco Naval Yards
               "Space Shuttle" ENTERPRISE was damaged as two Klingon agents
                 attempted to escape with a new energy converter.  Shuttle
                 was repaired by the capable hands of Engineer Montgomery
                 Scott  (TOSN: A Flag Full of Stars) (*)
         c2270 Another Vulcan ship disappeared near the Federation-Romulan
                 border without a trace, making this the sixth ship in
                 about twenty-five years. (TOSN: Pandora's Principle)
          2271 Second type of Photon Torpedo perfected, probably mounted on
                 the then still under reconstruction USS ENTERPRISE.  22
                 (TNG Tech Manual)
         c2271 (UFP/StarFleet) USS ENTERPRISE, CONSTITUTION II-Class heavy
                 cruiser, result of the extensive refit including second
                 generation warp drive.  Top speed: warp 12.  (ST:TMP)
                 Designation remains NCC-1701 (#) (TNG Tech Manual)
               Commander:Captain Willard Decker
                         Admiral (Acting Captain) James T. Kirk
                         Captain Spock
7413.4         Star Trek: The Motion Picture
               Refitted NCC-1701 was scrambled out of spacedock to deal
                 with entity later known as Vejur, Captain Decker was
                 declared missing in action during the incident, along with
                 Lieutenant Ilia.  (ST:TMP) (#)
               (NOTE: The rebuilt NCC-1701 is also known as ENTERPRISE-
                 class or STARSHIP-class in other literatures 23)
          2272 5th FYM under Acting Captain James T. Kirk (?) 24
         c2273 First Vulcan Secession Crisis.  Fanned by radicals, Vulcan
                 had a public referendum to withdraw from the Federation.
                 The measure had lost as the conspiracy is revealed.
                 (TOSN:Spock's World)  25
               Colonizer ARTEMIS was launched, destination Septimus Minor.
                 Malfunctions pulled the ship off course, and crashed on
                 Tau Cygnus V, which belongs to the Sheliak Corporate by
                 treaty, but was uninhabited due to high radiation.
                 (TNG: Ensigns of Command)
         c2274 ENTERPRISE encountered a weak mayday from within the Neutral
                 Zone, discovering an old freighter running from a Romulan
                 Warbird.  The Warbird destroyed the freighter as the sole
                 occupant was beamed onboard.  The survivor was a Vulcan
                 female, T'Pren, who was too badly burned to live.  Spock
                 performed a mindmeld before she died.
               Secret Vulcan expedition to "Thierrull/Hellguard", to
                 retrieve the Romulan/Vulcan fusion children.  Expedition
                 members include Spock and Sarek of Vulcan.  Saavik was
                 among the children retreived.
                 (TOSN: The Pandora Principle)
         c2275 Sarek started the negotiations with the Legarans, which will
                 bear fruit in 93 years, when the Legarans eventually
                 joined the Federation (TNG:Sarek)
         c2276 Saavik, after tutelage of Spock, entered the StarFleet
                 Academy (TOS: The Pandora Principle)
               Events as chronicled in TOSN: Pandora's Principle
          2277 NCC-1701 Return and extensive refit
               Individual ship insignia system abolished, ENTERPRISE
                 command emblem established as official StarFleet Emblem
                 (TNG Tech Manual) (Scott's Guide)
               Kirk assigned as Commandant of StarFleet Academy (#)
               Spock promoted to Captain, takes command of NCC-1701 (#)
          2278 6th FYM under Captain Spock (?) 26
         c2279 Birth of Mark Jameson, future StarFleet Admiral
                 (TNG: Too Short a Season)
  early 2280's Transwarp Development Project proved to be unsuccessful,
                 also known as "Operational Failure of Transwarp".
                 (TNG Tech Manual)
          2283 NCC-1701 return to a very extensive refit
          2284 NCC-1701 retired to training vessel of StarFleet Academy
                 (TNG Tech Manual)
8130.3    2285 "Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan"
               Khan Noonian Singh captured USS RELIANT, and scoured Regula
                 Space Station for signs of the Genesis device, killed all
                 who is onboard, in his quest for vengeance against Kirk.
                 Sole Genesis research team survivors are Doctors David and
                 Carol Marcus, son and mother team.
               NCC-1701 heavily damaged after engaging the renegade ship
                 USS RELIANT in the Mutara Nebula
               Captain Spock perished after restoring warp drive, allowing
                 the ship to escape the growing Genesis wave
8210.3         "Star Trek III: The Search for Spock"
               First sighting of the USS EXCELSIOR (NX-2000), class ship,
                 said to be equipped with "Transwarp"
               StarFleet decided not to rebuild NCC-1701
               NCC-1701 left for Genesis planet under unauthorized mission
                 by former crew in search of USS GRISSOM
               David Marcus, Genesis scientist, son of Admiral James T.
                 Kirk, was killed by renegade Klingon forces.
               NCC-1701 self-destructed over Genesis planet, after being
                 disabled by Kruge's Bird of Prey.  Kruge is searching for
                 the Genesis Device/Torpedo, as Klingons feared it as the
                 ultimate weapon, and must possess it.
               Kirk and crew captured Kruge's frigate, and fled to Vulcan
8390           "Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home"
               Whalesong Crisis: An alien probe, attempting to communicate
                 with the long-extinct hunchback whales of the Terran
                 oceans, radically altered Terra's environment, threatening
                 to end human life on Earth once and for all
               Kirk and company decided to return to Earth to face court-
                 martial proceedings.  After discovering Earth is under
                 attack, they initiated time travel to bring back hunchback
                 whales from the past, c1987.
               Kirk and company, after ending the "Whalesong Crisis", was
                 court-martialed for the unauthorized mission in the
                 NCC-1701.  Kirk was demoted to Captain, given command of
                 the new NCC-1701-A
          2286 (UFP/StarFleet) USS ENTERPRISE Constitution II-class heavy
                 cruiser, new construction, rechristened from USS YORKTOWN
                 (TNG Tech Manual) Designation NCC-1701-A (ST4:TVH)
               Fate unknown (probably lost, see later)
               Commander: Captain James T. Kirk
                          ??
               (NOTE: The rebuilt NCC-1701 class is sometimes known as
               ENTERPRISE-class or STARSHIP-class in other literatures) 11
8454.1   c2286 "Star Trek V: The Final Frontier"
               Hostage situation developed on Nimbus III, "the planet of
                 intergalactic peace"
               NCC-1701-A hijacked by Sybok and his followers on the quest
                 for Sha Ka Ree at the center of the galaxy
         c2287 Captain Styles, captain of USS EXCELSIOR, accepted a
                 promotion to a post within StarFleet Command
               Transwarp proven to be a failure (*) 27
               The EXCELSIOR, after having transwarp removed, was
                 redesignated NCC-2000 (previously NX-2000)  (ST6:TUC) 28
               Captain Hikaru Sulu was promoted to command the EXCELSIOR,
                 which WAS rightfully his  (ST6:TUC)
         c2293 USS EXCELSIOR assigned to chart the Reydovan Sector
                 (ST6:TUC)
         c2294 Leonard McCoy's grandchildren are born 29
9522.6   c2296 Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
               Organians disappeared, whereabouts unknown
               Klingon moon of Praxis exploded, contaminating atmosphere of
                 the Klingon home world Kronos, leaving 50 years of oxygen
               Chief Counselor Gorkon of the Klingon Empire proposed peace
                 to the Federation.  En route, Gorkon's ship was attacked,
                 Gorkon assassinated by persons using Federation equipment
               Kirk and McCoy were arrested for assassinating Counselor
                 Gorkon, sentenced to life on Rhue Pente
               ENTERPRISE and Spock discovered traitor onboard, uncovered
                 conspiracy among Klingons, Romulans, and Federation
                 personnel to disrupt the peace conference
               Kirk and McCoy rescued.  General Chang, the Klingon traitor,
                 was killed when his prototype Bird of Prey was destroyed
                 by combined firepower of ENTERPRISE and EXCELSIOR
               NCC-1701-A participated in the Khitomer Conference (*)
                 (ST6:TUC) 30
               NCC-1701-A decommissioned (?) (Nah...)
         c2307 Birth of Jean-Luc Picard, Paris, France, Terra, future
                 captain of ENTERPRISE NCC-1701-D
                 (TNGN:Encounter at Farpoint/Pocket #1) 31
         c2315 NCC-1701-A lost with all hands (including Kirk, but not
                 Spock and McCoy) during a second peace initiative proposed
                 by Spock to the Klingon Empire (?)
               Klingon Empire declared war on the Federation (?)
               The Swift War starts, may also known as The Second Four
                 Years War (Worlds of the Federation) (?) 32
               Romulans sever diplomatic relations with the Federation
                 during the Tomar incident, costing thousands of lives.
                 (TNG: The Neutral Zone)
               Romulans entered their seclusion period, which would last
                 approximately 50 years.  33
         c2316 (UFP/StarFleet) USS ENTERPRISE, EXCELSIOR II-Class
                 (battleship?), redesigned for normal warp engines instead
                 of transwarp, built at StarFleet Antares Yards. (#)
                 (TNG Tech Manual) Designation  NCC-1701-B.
                 Fate unknown  Commander unknown 34 (?)
               IKV K'Tong launched as a cryogenic ship intended to sneak
                 across the border for surprise attack (TNG: The Emmissary)
         c2319 Klingon Empire signs armistice with Federation, declared war
                 on Romulan Star Empire (?)
               Federation became entangled in the Klingo-Romulan war (?)
                 (See epilogue of TOSN:The Rift)
               Civil War or Mordan IV spread out as the government hijacked
                 a passing starliner, holding 63 passengers hostage.  The
                 government demanded advanced weaponry from the Federation.
                 Previous two negotiators were killed.  (Then lieutenant)
                 Jameson was sent by StarFleet, who managed to got the
                 hostages out safely.
               It was later discovered that Jameson succeeded because he
                 complied with the demands.  He supplied the government
                 with phasers.  However, he supplied the other side as
                 well.  (In a way, he did not violate the Prime Directive)
                 The result is four more decades of Civil War, in which
                 millions died.  (TNG: Too Short a Season)
         c2323 Birth of Beverly ??? (later Beverly Crusher), at Alvetta III
                 colony (?), future CMO of ENTERPRISE NCC-1701-D (?) 35
               Klingo-Romulan War ended inconclusively. (estimated)
         c2324 Federation's first encounter with the Cardassian Empire
                 resulted in a full-scale war, reasons unknown. (estimated)
               Ensign J.L. Picard met Delcara at the Academy
                 (TNGN: Vendetta)
         c2326 Ambassador Spock attacked Sarek's position on the Cardassian
                 War, and was rebuked by Perrin, Sarek's second wife.
                 (TNG: Unification I)
         c2327 Ensign Picard was attacked by trio of Norsicans at Starbase
                 Eirhardt, and was impaled through the heart.  He survived,
                 but requires periodic cardiac replacement
                 (TNG:Samaritan Snare)
         c2328 First Federation-Cardassian War ended inconclusively,
                 neither side lost much, but gained each other's respect.
               Cardassian Empire annexed the Bajoran System, forcing the
                 Bajorans to wander the galaxy, settle wherever they can in
                 order to survive.  Federation, having already negotiated
                 the boundary, could not assist the Bajorans other than
                 offer aid. (TNG: Ensign Ro) 36
         c2332 Birth of William T. (Thelonious?) Riker, Valdez, Alaska,
                 Terra, Son of Kyle Riker and ??? (Pocket #1) 37
         c2334 NCC-1701-B decommissioned or destroyed (?) 38
         c2335 (UFP/StarFleet) USS ENTERPRISE, AMBASSADOR-Class heavy
                 cruiser, built at Terran McKinley Station
                 Designation  NCC-1701-C
                 Commander:   Captain Rachel Garrett
                              Lieutenant (Brevet Captain) Richard Castillo
                 (year is an estimate only...) (#)
               Lieutenant Jean-Luc Picard attends the wedding of Ambassador
                 Sarek's son (probably Spock?)  (TNG: Sarek) 39
         c2337 Civil War ravages Turkana IV, leading to anarchistic society
                 which lasted till today.  Various "gangs" fought for power
                 and control.  Eventually only two are left.  (TNG: Legacy)
         c2338 Jean-Luc Picard promoted to Captain, takes command of
                 USS STARGAZER (#) 40
               Birth of Worf, at Kronos, son of Morgh, future StarFleet
                 Officer, ENTERPRISE security chief. 41
               USS TRIPOLI, while investigating the disappearance of the
                 colony at Omicron Theta, discovered an android at Omicron
                 Theta. The android named himself "Data".  (TNG: Datalore)
         c2340 Birth of Tasha Yar, at Turkana IV, future ENTERPRISE
                 security chief. (estimated only)
         c2342 Negotiations for the Federation/Klingon alliance probably
                 began, also known as the Grand Alliance Treaty.
                 (estimated)
               April 9th, J.L. Picard stood up the future Jenise Manheim by
                 not showing up at the date at Cafe des Artistes in Paris
                 at the end of the shore leave.
                 (TNG: We'll Always Have Paris)
          2343 GALAXY-class project officially approved by the Federation,
                 design of USS GALAXY started.  (TNG Tech Manual)
          2344 ENTERPRISE NCC-1701-C under command of Captain Rachel Garret
                 lost near Klingon outpost Narendra III.  Later Klingons
                 reveal the base was devastated by Romulan attack, and
                 ENTERPRISE sacrificed herself so the Klingon outpost
                 personnel can evacuate safely.
                 (TNG: Yesterday's ENTERPRISE, TNG Tech Manual)
               Rumor have some of the crew survived and were taken to
                 Romulus.  Tasha Yar was among the survivors.  Upon
                 arriving at Romulus, a Romulan Admiral fell in love with
                 her, and married her.  (TNG:Redemption II)
         c2344 A Federation starship is destroyed by the Harada as the
                 ship's captain mispronounced a Haradan greeting, gravely
                 insulting the insectoid race.  (TNG: The Big Goodbye)
         c2345 Birth of Kern (also Kurn), brother of Worf, son of Morgh, at
                 Kronos.42  (TNG: Sins of the Father)
               Birth of Sela, daughter of Tasha Yar and a Romulan Admiral.
                 The child is more Romulan than human, and is thoroughly
                 loyal to her father, rather than to her mother.
                 (TNG: Redemption II)
         c2347 Birth of Wesley Crusher, son of Jack Crusher and Beverly
                 Crusher, future ensign on ENTERPRISE NCC-1701-D 43
                 (TNG: Evolution)
         c2349 Death of (Cmdr?) Jack Crusher while attempting to free
                 STARGAZER from a natural trap.  Picard returned his body
                 to earth to the grieving Beverly Crusher 44
                 (TNGN:Encounter at Farpoint, TNGN:Reunion)
               Beverley Crusher applied for StarFleet commission
                 (TNGN:Encounter at Farpoint)
               Tasha Yar attempted to escape from Romulus with her four-
                 year old daughter Sela.  Sela cried out as her mother have
                 betrayed her father.  The cry alerted the guards.  Yar was
                 apprehended and executed.  (TNG: Redemption II)
               William T. Riker left home to join StarFleet
                 (TNG: The Icarus Factor)
         c2351 USS STARGAZER, Jean-Luc Picard commanding, was chased from
                 sector 21505 by a Cardassian warship when attempting peace
                 negotiations.  (TNG: The Wounded)
         c2352 Tasha Yar escapes from her homeworld Turkana IV, to
                 eventually join StarFleet.
                 (TNG: Legacy)
         c2353 Kyle Riker was advising StarFleet near the Tholian border as
                 a civilian strategist when a Tholian strike fleet attacked
                 the Starbase.  Kyle Riker was the sole survivor.
               Kyle Riker met Kate Polaski, who was the doctor assigned to
                 him.  They ALMOST married.
               (TNG: The Icarus Factor)
         c2354 USS STARGAZER visited Chalna (TNG: Allegiance)
          2356 May 5, USS GALAXY (NX-70637) launched from orbital dock
                 stations  (TNG Tech Manual) 45
          2357 USS GALAXY commissioned (TNG Tech Manual)
         c2357 Independent freighter ODIN malfunctioned near Neutral Zone.
                 Four male survivors in escape pods landed on Angel One,
                 precipitating an underground movement.
                 (TNG: Angel One)
         c2359 Civil War, which lasted four decades, ended on Mordan IV.
                 (TNG: Too Short a Season)
         c2360 USS STARGAZER was attacked by an unknown ship.  Forced to
                 defend the ship, Captain Picard introduced the "Picard
                 Maneuver".  The hostile was destroyed, but STARGAZER was
                 abandoned in Maxia Zeta system  (TNG: The Battle)
               Court-Martial proceeding for Captain Picard, prosecuted by
                 Philipa Louvois, the JAG officer.  Picard was absolved of
                 all charges  (TNG:Measure of Man)
               Later studies showed that the unknown ship Picard
                 encountered was a Ferengi vessel.  (TNG: The Battle)
               Birth of Alexander, son of Worf and K'Ehleyer.
                 (TNG: Reunion)
               USS YAMATO, second GALAXY-class vessel,  commissioned 46
         c2361 USS POTEMKIN visited Turkana IV.  Colonists warned that
                 anyone beaming down will be killed (TNG: Legacy)
         c2362 Lt.j.g. Geordi LaForge, serving onboard the USS VICTORY
                 (NCC-9754), contracted a hidden parasite during a survey
                 of Tarchanan III while investigating the disappearance of
                 49 colonists.  Their fate remained unknown until the
                 parasites within the members of the away team woke up five
                 years later.  (TNG: Identity Crisis)
40759.5   2363 October 4th, (UFP/StarFleet) USS ENTERPRISE, GALAXY-Class
                 exploration cruiser, new construction, Utopia Planetia
                 StarFleet Yards, Mars, Sol System, Sector 001.
                 Top speed: revised warp 9.95.  47
                 Designation  NCC-1701-D     (TNG Tech Manual)
               Commander:Captain Jean-Luc Picard
                         Commander (Brevet Captain) William T. Riker
          2364 Events of the first season of ST:TNG
               Lieutenant Miles Edward O'Brian transferred to ENTERPRISE as
                 Chief of transporter operations, having previously served
                 on USS RUTLIDGE as tactical officer with Capt. Ben Maxwell
                 (TNG:The Wounded) 48
41150.7        Captain Jean-Luc takes command of the ENTERPRISE
                 (Pocket #1)
41153.7        "Encounter at Farpoint" (101/102)
               Commander William T. Riker came onboard at Farpoint station
                 as first officer, having previously served on the USS HOOD
                 under Captain DeSoto as first officer
                 (Writer's Guide, First Year Sourcebook)
41187.5        "Where No One Has Gone Before" (DC Mini #1)
41190.3        "Spirit in the Sky" (DC Mini #2)
41195.7        "Q Factor" (DC Mini #3)
41198.3        "Q's Day" (DC Mini #4)
41198.7        "Q Affects" (DC Mini #5)
41199.3        "Here Today" (DC Mini #6)
41209.2        "The Naked Now" (103)
               USS TSIOLKOVSKY destroyed by stellar debris
41235.25       "Code of Honor" (104)
41242.4        "Datalore" (114)
               Data's "brother" Lore rediscovered at Omicron Theta
               First encounter of the Crystal Entity
               Lore transported into space, fate unknown
41249.3        "Lonely Among Us" (108)
41255.6        "Justice" (109)
               First contact with the Edoans
41263.1        "Where None Have Gone Before" (106)
               Wesley Crusher promoted to Acting Ensign
41294.5        "Haven" (105)
41309.5        "Too Short a Season" (112)
               Admiral Mark Jameson was lured back to Mordan IV for the
                 crime he committed against the planet (see earlier entries
                 about Jameson), where he died from a drug overdose.
                 (TNG: Too Short a Season)
41365.9        "11001001" (116)
               ENTERPRISE hijacked by Binars to protect their central
                 computer from shutdown by a nearby nova
41386.4        "The Last Outpost" (107)
               Remnants of the Tkon Empire discovered
41416.2        "Coming of Age" (119)
41463.9        "Home Soil" (117)
41503.7        "Heart of Glory" (120)
?????.?        Ghost Ship (Pocket #1)
?????.?        "Symbiosis" (123)
41509.1        "When the Bough Breaks" (118)
?????.?        The Peacekeepers (Pocket #2)
41590.5        "Hide and Q" (111)
41601.3        "Skin of Evil" (122)
               Lt. Tasha Yar killed in line of duty by Armus on Vagra II
                 during a rescue attempt to retrieve Counselor Troi
               Worf promoted to Chief of Security/Tactical Officer
41636.9        "Angel One" (115)
41723.9        "The Battle" (110)
               USS STARGAZER reclaimed in Bendi Sabu system after Daimon
                 Bok's plot to discredit Picard failed.  Daimon Bok's son
                 was Daimon on the "unknown" ship Picard destroyed c2360 at
                 Battle of Maxia Beta
41775.5        "Conspiracy" (125)
               Parasitic mother creature eliminated after infiltrating
                 Starfleet Command and higher echelons of the Federation
41798.2        "Arsenal of Freedom" (121)
?????.?        Survivors (Pocket #4)
?????.?        The Children of Hamlin (Pocket #3)
41697.9        "We'll Always Have Paris" (124)
41986          "The Neutral Zone"
               First sighting of Romulans in over 50 years
               First evidence of the Borg was discovered
41997.7        "The Big Goodbye"
          2365 Events of the second season of ST:TNG
               Cardassian-Federation peace treaty signed in this year
               Dr. Beverley Crusher became Head of StarFleet Medical
               Dr. Katherine Polaski became CMO of ENTERPRISE
               Lt. LaForge transferred to engineering from helm
42073.1        "The Child"
?????.?        Captain's Honor (Pocket #8)
42193.6        "Where Silence Has lease" (128)
42286.3        "Elementary, Dear Data" (129)
42305.7        "Return to Raimon" (DC #1)
42307.2        "Murder Most Foul" (DC #2)
42360          "The Derelict" (DC #3)
42361.8        "The Hero Factor" (DC #4)
42402.7        "The Outrageous Okona" (130)
?????.?        Strike Zone (Pocket #5)
42422.5        Power Hungry (Pocket #6)
42437.5        "The Schizoid Man" (131)
42477.2        "Loud as a Whisper" (132)
42494.8        "Unnatural Selection" (133)
               USS LANTREE destroyed after crew contacted aging agent
42506.5        "A Matter of Honor" (134)
42523.7        "Measure of a Man" (135)
               Captain Philipa Louvois declared Data is a sentient being,
                 therefore entitled to rights
?????.?        Metamorphosis (Pocket Giant #1)
42568.6        "The Dauphin" (136)
?????.?        Masks (Pocket #7)
42609.1        "Contagion" (137)
               USS YAMATO lost due to engine containment failure caused by
                 a virus from the long lost ??? race
42625.4        "The Royale" (138)
42679.2        "Time Squared" (139)
42686.4        "The Icarus Factor" (140)
42695.3        "Pen Pals" (141)
42761.3        "Q Who?" (142)
               ENTERPRISE was thrown 7000 lightyears by Q to system J-25,
                 where they will contact the Borg, the most feared race in
                 the galaxy (TNG: Q Who?)
42779.1        "Samaritan Snare" (143)
               Picard nearly dies during a cardiac replacement operation
42823.2        "Up the Long Ladder" (144)
42859.2        "Manhunt" (145)
42901.3        "The Emissary" (146)
               IKV K'Tong sleeper ship arrives at Federation space, having
                 been launched during the second Federation-Klingon War.
                 The ship's crew was pacified peacefully with help from
                 Ambassador K'Ehleyer
42908.6        A Call to Darkness (Pocket #9)
42923.4        "Peak Performance" (147)
               USS HATHAWAY, an old relic of CONSTELLATION-class, was
                 restored for a tactical combat simulation
42976.1        "Shades of Gray" (148)
?????.?        Gulliver's Fugitives (Pocket #11)
43152.8        "The Survivors" (151)
?????.?        "Ensigns of Command" (149)
?????.?        A Rock and a Hard Place (Pocket #10)
          2366 Events of third season of ST:TNG
               Dr. Beverly Crusher returns as CMO of ENTERPRISE
               Dr. Kate Polaski became CMO of REPULSE (TNGN:Vendetta)
               LaForge promoted to Lieutenant Commander and became Chief
                 Engineer of the ENTERPRISE
               Federation-Cardassian Peace Treaty signed this year.
                 (TNG: The Wounded)
               Lore, Data's "brother" was found by a Pakled ship.
                 (TNG: Brothers)
               A probable fourth GALAXY-class starship was commissioned
                 this year, lost a year later against the Borg in the
                 "Wolf 359" Massacre 49
43125.8        "Evolution" (150)
               Evolution of Nanites led to their recognition as a sentient
                 race by the Federation
43173.5        "Who Watches the Watchers?" (152)
43181.4        "Forbidden Fruit" (DC #18)
43197.5        Doomsday World (Pocket #12)
43198.7        "The Bonding" (153)
43201.8        "Serafin's Survivors" (DC #5)
43202.5        "Shadows in the Garden" (DC #6)
43205.6        "Booby Trap" (154)
43265.4        "The Pilot" (DC #7)
43266.7        "The Battle Within" (DC #8)
43268.1        "The Pay Off" (DC #9)
43269.1        "The Noise of Justice" (DC #10)
43269.3        "The Impostor" (DC #11)
43270.4        "Whoever Fights Monsters" (DC #12)
43349.2        "The Enemy" (155)
               Romulan presence found near Galorndon Core
43385.7        "The Price" (156)
43421.9        "The Vengeance Factor" (157)
43421.9        "The Hand of the Assassin" (DC #13)
43462.5        "The Defector" (158)
43489.2        "The Hunted" (159)
43510.7        "The High Ground" (160)
43539.1        "Deja Q" (161)
43610.4        "A Matter of Perspective" (162)
43625.2        "Yesterday's Enterprise" (163)
43657          "The Offspring" (164)
               Creation of Lal, daughter of Data
               "Death" of Lal, after positronic brain failure
?????.?        Fortune's Light (Pocket #15)
43685.2        "Sins of the Father" (165)
               Worf returned to the Klingon Home World to clear his
                 father's name, failed due to exceptional circumstances
               Discovery of Kern (also Kurn), Worf's younger brother
               Worf accepted discommendation from the High Council
43714.1        "Allegiance" (166)
43738.8        "The Gift" (DC Annual #1)
?????.?        Eyes of the Beholders (Pocket #13)
43745.2        "Captain's Holiday" (167)
43747.3        Boogeymen (Pocket #17)
43779.3        "Tin Man" (168)
43807.4        "Hollow Pursuits" (169)
43810.7        "Holiday on Ice" (DC #14)
43811.1        "Prisoners of the Ferengi" (DC #15)
43872.2        "The Most Toys" (170)
43878.1        "I Have Heard the Mermaids Singing" (DC #16)
?????.?        "The Weapon" (DC #17)
43917.4        "Sarek" (171)
               Treaty with the Legarons signed with assitance of Sarek
               Sarek retired to Vulcan with Bendii's Syndrome
43957.2        "Transfigurations" (172)
43980.7        "Menage a Troi" (173)
               Wesley Crusher promoted to full ensign
43989.1        "The Best of Both Worlds" Pt.1 (174)
               Captain Picard captured by the Borg and "converted"
          2367 Events of the fourth season of ST:TNG
44001.3        "The Best of Both Worlds" Pt.2 (175)
               Massacre of Wolf 359, thirty-nine StarFleet ships (over
                 11,000 lives) lost against the Borg 50
               Captain Picard, now Locutus, was retrieved
               First defeat of the Borg, at Sector 001, with assistance
                 from Picard/Locutus
44009.3        "Family" (178)
               ENTERPRISE undergoes major repairs at McKinley Station
44085.7        "Suddenly Human" (176)
44143.7        "Brothers" (177)
               Lore, Data's brother, was rediscovered.  It appears that
                 after being beamed into space (TNG:Datalore), he was
                 retrieved later by a Pakled vessel
               Dr. Noonian Soong died in an uncharted system
44161.2        "Remember Me?" (179)
44215.2        "Legacy" (180)
               Ishara Yar, sister of Tasha Yar, found on Turkana IV
44246.3        "Reunion" (181)
               Discovery of Alexander, son of Worf
               Ambassador K'Ehleyer killed by Duras
               Worf defeated Duras in battle, slaying him
?????.?        "The Lesson" (DC #19)
44263.9        Contamination (Pocket #16)
44286.5        "Future Imperfect" (182)
44290.4        "The Flight of the Albert Einstein" (DC #20)
44292.6        "Mourning Star" (DC #21)
c44295         Perchance to Dream (Pocket #19)
44295.2        "Trapped!" (DC #22)
?????.?        "The Barrier" (DC #23)
44298.2        "Homecoming" (DC #24)
44307.3        "Final Mission" (183)
               Wesley Crusher enters StarFleet Academy
44356.9        "The Loss" (184)
44390.1        "Data's Day" (185)
               Miles Edward O'Brian married Keiko Ishikawa, ceremony
                 presided by Captain Jean-Luc Picard
44395.7        "In Memory Yet Green" (TNG Mini #1)
44396.6        "Lies and Legends" (TNG Mini #2)
44397.7        "Prior Claim" (TNG Mini #3)
44398.7        "Game, Set & Match" (TNG Mini #4)
               Modala is freed of Ferengi influence
44429.1        Exiles (Pocket #14)
44429.6        "The Wounded" (186)
               Captain Benjamin Maxwell arrested after destroying several
                 Cardassian vessels in the USS PHOENIX
44474.5        "Devil's Due" (187)
?????.?        Vendetta (Pocket Giant #2)
               The Borg's return was stopped by the second Doomsday Machine
                 under partial control of Delcara
44502.7        "Clues" (188)
44614.6        "Galaxy's Child" (190)
44624.3        "Thin Ice" (DC Annual #2)
?????.?        "First Contact" (189)
44631.2        "Night Terrors" (191)
               USS BRATTAIN, trapped in Tyken's Rift, was disabled, the
                 crew driven mad by another trapped alien ship
44664.5        "Identity Crisis" (192)
44704.2        "The Nth Degree" (193)
44741.9        "Qpid" (194)
44769.2        "Drumhead" (195)
44805.3        "Half a Life" (196)
44821.3        "The Host" (197)
44885.5        "The Mind's Eye" (198)
               Lt.Commander LaForge was captured and brainwashed by
                 Romulans into an assassin, and almost succeeded in killing
                 Vagh, the Klingon governor
44932.3        "In Theory" (199)
44995.3        "Redemption" (200)
               Klingon Civil War erupts as the pro-Duras faction combats
                 Gowron's forces in a succession war
               Revelation of Sela, daughter of Tasha Yar
                 (see TNG:Yesterday's ENTERPRISE)
          2368 Events of fifth season of ST:TNG
45020.4        "Redemption II" (201)
               Klingon Civil War ends due to Federation interference,
                 Gowron became Chief Counciller
45047.2        "Darmok" (202)
45076.3        "Ensign Ro" (203)
45122.3        "Silicon Avatar" (204)
               Destruction of the Crystalline Entity
45156.1        "Disaster" (205)
               Birth of Molly Miyaki Worf O'Brian in Ten Forward
                 (name is from TNGN:Unification) 51
?????.?        Reunion (Hardback #1)
45208.2        "The Game" (206)
               ENTERPRISE and crew nearly taken over by mind-control toys
                 from the ???
45235.3        "Wayward Son" (DC #25)
45235.7        "Strangers in Strange Lands" (DC #26)
45235.9        "City Life" (DC #27)
45243.1        "Unification" (207) 52
               Ambassador Spock was found on Romulus
               Death of Sarek, Vulcan Ambassador to Federation
45245.8        "Unification II" (208)
               Romulan plan to conquer Vulcan foiled
               Spock chose to remain on Romulus
45349.1        "A Matter of Time" (209)


THE END (for now)


ENDNOTES

1    The restoration of the "space shuttle" ENTERPRISE is revealed in TOSN:
A Flag Full of Stars.

2    The PEACEKEEPER-class vessels are purely my imagination.  But it does
sound possible, doesn't it?

3    Second season episode "Metamorphosis", Y2265, had McCoy stating that
Zefram Cochrane was dead for 150 years.  Mr.Cochrane himself said he was 87
at the time.  Therefore we have 2265-150-87=2029.
     If the new United Nation would launch the manned expedition to Alpha
Centauri around 2048, Mr.Cochrane is a bit too young to have invented the
warp drive if he was born in 2029.  He would have been 19 years old!
     Clearly, one of the sources must be wrong.  In this case, I chose to
take McCoy's words literally and move down the launch date, despite the
years given in the STARFLIGHT CHRONOLOGIES.

4    I placed World War III before the Mind Control Revolts because it
sounds more plausible.  It is far more likely that WW3 is fought with
professional soldiers under mind control.  Then, when the war is over,
the military rebelled.
     So perhaps this series of events happened:

     World War III started
     United Nations abolished
     Colonel Green started his genocidal campaign
     Nuclear weapons used in limited areas
     World War III ended
     The area where nuclear weapons hit reverted to barbarism, curious mix
of technology and medievalism.  These years became know as the Post-Atomic
Horrors for certain parts of the world.
     The military, under mind control for the WW3, rebelled against their
government, thus started the bloody Mind Control Revolts.
     Mind Control Revolts ended
     United Nations re-established, launched space program to promote
global cooperation (and to distract the public from the past)

     This is not placed within the timeline because too much of my own
conjecture is included.

5    See one of the footnotes at the bottom of the page, as Kirk received
his "senceiver" alert, in ST:TMP Novelization.

6    The date given for Zefram Cochrane to invent the warp drive is
actually 2048, as given in the novel and in STARFLIGHT CHRONOLOGY.
However, as explained above in footnote (3), such date is not possible.
Due to the heavier weight given to the screened evidence, all year
references given in "Strangers from the Sky" are pushed down for at least
10 years.  Furthermore, TNG Tech Manual gave the year of 2061 for the first
prototype of the CDP engine.  (See page 54, TNG Tech Manual)

7    According to THE WORLDS OF THE FEDERATION, the four lightyears trip
took six years under high impulse, with time dilation I suppose.

8    The only "reasonable" way for the VALIANT to be at the edge of the
galaxy with only "impulse rockets" is through a wormhole of some sort.

9    The BONAVENTURE-class interstellar scout ENTERPRISE was a tribute to
the animated episode TAS:Time Trap, in which the BONAVENTURE herself was
seen, along with various other old ships.

10   The DECLARATION-class cruise liner ENTERPRISE was mentioned in several
previous Star Trek chronologies.
11   Ms. Grayson is 52 in the episode, Sarek was 101.

12   See page 128, TNG Tech Manual.

13   This would also fit the info given in ST6:TUC, as Spock had said
during the briefing, it has been 70 years of conflict.

14   If you would recall, in 2364, TNG: Encounter at Farpoint, Data clearly
stated that McCoy (okay, he never named him, but who else could it be?) as
"one hundred and thirty-seven years old".  2364-137=2227

15   This birthdate is given by Paramount as "official" info.  However, the
name of his parents are NOT official.  The name of the father was George,
which I believe came from TOS:"Operation: Annihilate!".  The name of the
mother came from the novel TOSN:"ENTERPRISE: First Adventure", and was also
used (by a different author) in TOSN:"Time for Yesterday"

16   Sulu said he was born in San Francisco in ST4:TVH.  He grew up at
Ganjitsu, according to Vonda McIntyre in novels "ENTERPRISE:The First
Adventure" and "The Entropy Effect.  The first name of "Hikaru" was
introduced by Vonda McIntyre in "The Entropy Effect", and is formalized
into trek fandom by Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, by Sulu's
introduction in his Captain's Log.

17   Uhura's first name was never formalized, and for decades the fandom
argued back and forth.  Some say "Penda", others say "Nyota".  "Nyota",
which means "star" in Swahili, was used in several novels, including the
novel "Uhura's Song" by Janet Kagan.

18   While there were no evidence that Captain April ever undertook a five
year mission on the ENTERPRISE, this is a logical conclusion, both as part
of ship's chronology, but also a tribute to the animated episode.  It was
also implied in the TNG Tech Manual.

19   I am not too sure where did McCoy's wife's name came from.  I believe
I first saw it in the Bantam novel "Day of Judgement", and also later in
Pocket's "Dreams of the Ravens".  On the other hand, Joanna's name was
fixed in the early writer's guides.  She was to appear in the episode "The
Way to Eden", which was originally named "Joanna".  However, a rewrite last
minute changed it to the present form.  She also appeared in the novel
"Crisis on Centaurus".

20   As revealed in TNG:A Matter of Time, the phasers do not exist in the
twenty-second (22nd) century.  It was invented in early 23rd century.

21   According to "The Making of Star Trek", Gene had planned for the
CONSITUTION-class vessels to have an 18-year range.  Since ENTERPRISE was
launched in 2245, 2268-2245=23, > 18.

22   See TNG Tech Manual, page 128.

23   TNG Manual called the refitted ENTERPRISE CONSTITUTION-class.  FASA
started the ENTERPRISE-class, and the dedication plaque as given in SCOTT'S
GUIDE says STARSHIP-class.  I vote for CONSTITUTION II-class as a
compromise of sorts.

24   This is seen in many novels, including TOSN: Spock's World, TOSN:Deep
Domain, and so on, where Kirk is both an Admiral and Acting Captain.

25   This makes you wonder if the Vulcans did indeed seceeded from the
Federation in TNG's time, therefore so few Vulcans are visible in
StarFleet.  Of course, this is just a possibility.

26   While we have no evidence of Spock leading a five-year mission, this
would only be logical for the numbers to work out right.  Otherwise we will
leave a big five-year gap in the middle with nothing.

27   Gene Roddenberry had stated MANY MANY times that he does not like the
idea of Tranwarp, therefore it is a failure.

28   A fun fact to observe...  The motto of the EXCELSIOR is "No matter
where you go, there you are."  (from Buckaroo Banzai)

29   In the Novelization, McCoy was spoiling his two grandchildren (one of
them two years old), when he was called to the briefing in StarFleet HQ.

30   As Kirk stated in the novelization that the adventure occurred ten
years after ST4, ST6 happened approximately in 2296.  Also, if Kirk started
on a ten-year mission in 2286, it would approximately end in 2296.

31   Picard was fifty-five (55) in the novelization.

32   Here are my reasons for the conjecture:

Page 118, UNIFICATION novelization
SPOCK :  A personal decision, Captain.  Perhaps you are aware that I played
          a small role in the first overture to peace with the Klingons.
PICARD:  History is aware of the role you played, Ambassador.
SPOCK :  Not entirely.  It was I who asked Kirk to lead the peace mission.
          And I who had to accept the responsibility for the consequences
          to him and his crew.  Quite simply, I am unwilling to risk
          anyone's life but my own on this occasion.  I would ask you to
          respect my wishes and leave.
Page 119, UNIFICATION novelization
SPOCK (to PICARD):  In your own way, are are as stubborn as another captain
          of the ENTERPRISE I once knew.
     It is my opinion that these quotes implied that Kirk is no longer
alive during the 24th century, based mostly on the second quote on page
118.  Let me explain my reasoning:
     The second Spock quote implies that the ENTERPRISE NCC-1701-A was lost
with Kirk and crew onboard, but not Spock and McCoy.  Spock was distraught
over asking Kirk to lead the peace mission, and from there on he became an
ambassador himself so he does not have to put others at risk for his
decisions.  I do not see any other suitable explanations for this quote.
     Of course, you can say that was a reference to ST6:TUC, and Paramount
threw that in to confuse us.  However, since there will be a war at
approximately 2315 with the Klingons, same thing could happen twice.
Perhaps the quote was INTENDED to be that way, but I chose to interpret it
as something else, a purely personal observation.
     The third Spock quote probably means Kirk.  Others have argued that it
could mean Pike, or even April.  However those possibilities are slim at
best, since Spock knew Kirk best, and the word "stubborn" seems to fit Kirk
better than either Pike or April.
     I believe the war, just before which NCC-1701-A and Kirk was
destroyed, happened sometime between 2310 and 2320, due to several reasons.
1) Riker stated in TNG:The Emissary that Federation and Klingon Empire were
at war fifty years ago.  The Emmisary is a second season episode, therefore
it happened in 2365.  Fifty years ago is about 2315.   2) In TOSN: The Rift
by Peter David, it was stated at the end that the next time the rift
opened, the Federation is in the midst of the Klingon-Romulan war. Kirk was
on the NCC-1701-A in this novel due to the mention of Transwarp and the
death of his son, David Marcus.  Since ST5 happened in 2286, and the rift
opens every 33.34 years, the next opening is after 2319.
     Therefore the Klingo-Federation War must happen sometime in between
2315 and 2319, perhaps a bit earlier than 2315.
     I fully understand that this theory might be invalidated by the next
movie.  We shall see.

33   TNG: The Neutral Zone stated it has been 50 years since anyone sighted
a Romulan or any Romulan ship.

34   This date is just a guess on my part, based on the estimated
destruction date of the NCC-1701-A.

35   According to ST:TNG First Year Sourcebook (FASA), she's 41, which
would be about right, despite the "un"-officialness.

36   Admiral Kennily said it has been 40 years ago in the episode.

37   Riker was 32 in the novelization.  The middle initial came from a
convention.  Thelonius was a great jazz player of 20th Century.

38   According to FASA's "TNG Officer's Manual", NCC-1701-B was destroyed
by renegade Klingons and Romulans (in two battleships).  However, the stuff
in that book are extremely unreliable, therefore I put it here instead of
in the timeline itself.

39   There were quite a bit of argument on whether this was Spock or not.
However, evidence suggests that it was Spock.  Sybok was gone, and there
were no evidence of any other children by Sarek, by Amanda or Perrin.

40   It was stated in crew biographies that Picard took command in his
thirties.  Assuming he's about as good as Kirk, it should be around this
time that he gets command of STARGAZER.

41   "Kronos" appeared in ST6:TUC.  Also see 42.

42   We still haven't made up our mind as to what does the Klingons call
their homeworld...  Early fan fiction suggests "Kazh".  John M. Ford's "The
Final Reflection" said "Klinzhai".  "The Worlds of the Federation" said
"Kling", and now ST6:TUC said "Kronos".  However, it appears "Kronos" gets
the seal of approval.

43   Wesley is approximately 16 during the first season, and was officially
pronounced 18 in TNG:"Evolution".

44   In the novelization of ENCOUNTER AT FARPOINT, Picard said it was
fifteen years ago that he had last seen Beverly Crusher, when he returned
her husband's body.
     In case you are interested, there are two versions of Jack Crusher's
death.  One of them is in the novelization of "Encounter at Farpoint", the
other in TNGN:Reunion.

45   See page 57, TNG Tech Manual.

46   Since GALAXY came out 2357, and ENTERPRISE came out 2363, YAMATO
should be in between, and 2360 is right in the middle.

47   Stardate according to Page 12, TNG Tech Manual.

48   I am quite aware that there was a controversy out there that O'Brian
might be an enlisted person, therefore a chief petty officer.
Unfortunately I don't buy that theory.  However, it was important enough
that I hereby inform you of this controversy and my decision.

49   At one ship every three years, this sounds about right, as GALAXY in
2357, YAMATO in 2360, and ENTERPRISE in 2363.

50   The numbers came from TNG: Drumhead, during the prosecution (?) of
Captain Jean-Luc Picard by Admiral (retired) Saati.

51   Gee, can you imagine Worf as the first humanoid you see ever?

52   Originally the stardate listed was 45233.1, but that means the comic
books are out of sequence.  Also, UNIFICATION didn't take THAT long, I
think, so I changed the 33 to 43.  I could be wrong, of course.


S T A R  T R E K  T I M E L I N E
     by Kasey K.S. Chang
     Last Update: 01-10/92

Part 3/4 : TLINEAPX.DOC


APPENDIX A: Abbreviations

TOS - The Original Series, 79 episodes which aired on NBC 1966-1969
     starring William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, and DeForest Kelley.
TAS - The Animated Series, 22 episodes of animation aired on NBC 1973-1975
     (Saturday mornings) starring voices of William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy,
     and DeForest Kelley.
TNG - The Next Generation, airing in first-run syndication, now in its
     fifth season (100+ episodes), starring Patrick Stewart, Johnathan
     Frakes, and Brent Spiner.
ST1, ST:TMP - Star Trek: The Motion Picture, the first Star Trek movie,
     released 1979
ST2, ST2:TWOK - Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, second Star Trek movie,
     released 1982
ST3, ST3:TSFS - Star Trek III: The Search For Spock, third Star Trek movie,
     released 1985
ST4, ST4:TVH - Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, fourth movie, released 1987
ST5, ST5:TFF - Star Trek V: The Final Frontier, fifth movie, released 1989
ST6, ST6:TUC - Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country, sixth movie,
     released December 6, 1991
TNG Tech Manual - "Star Trek: The Next Generation Technical Manual", by
     Rick Sternbach and Michael Okuda, Pocket Books.
TOSN - TOS Novels, the novels published by Pocket Books dealing with the
     original crew
TNGN - TNG Novels, the novels published by Pocket Books dealing with the
     "Next Generation" crew


APPENDIX B: Bibliography

STAR TREK EPISODES
     All Star Trek episodes, including TOS, TAS, and TNG, have been
referenced by their full names and, if available,  stardates.  All
copyright of Paramount Pictures.


STAR TREK MOVIES
     All Star Trek movies have been referenced by their full names and if
available, stardates.  All copyright of Paramount Pictures.


STAR TREK REFERENCE BOOKS
(In random order)

_Grolier's On-line Encyclopedia_  [For the search of the early ENTERPRISEs,
     this is invaluable.]

_Star Trek: The Next Generation - Technical Manual_, by Rick Sternbach and
     Mike Okuda  [The only OFFICIAL aftermarket book for now]

_The STAR TREK Compendium (Revised)_, by Alan Asherman  [lots of behind-
     the-scenes look and important info]

_The Making of STAR TREK_, by

_Mr.Scott's Guide to the ENTERPRISE_, by Shane Johnson [lots of good
     blueprints and diagurams, but info was mostly contradicted by later
     sources like the TNG Tech Manual]
_The Klingons_, FASA Corporation.  [Written with co-operation of Trek
     writer John M. Ford, author of TOSN:The Final Reflection, this
     contains good but un-official info about the Klingons]


STAR TREK NOVELS
(In random order)

_Strangers from the Sky_, by Margaret Wander Bonnano

_Final Frontier_, by Diane Carey

_A Flag Full of Stars_, by Brad Ferguson

_Reunion_, by Michael Jan Friedman

_Star Trek: The Lost Years_, by J.M. Dilliard

_Star Trek: The Motion Picture (Novelization)_, by Gene Roddeberry

_The Rift_, by Peter David

_Star Trek VI:The Undiscovered Country (Novelization)_, by J.M. Dilliard

_Spock's World_, by Diane Duane

_The Romulan Way_, by Diane Duane

_Encounter at Farpoint (Novelization)_, by Peter Gerrold

_The Pandora Principle_, by Carolyn Crowes

_The Final Reflection_, by John M. Ford

_ENTERPRISE: The First Adventure_, by Vonda McIntyre

_Crisis on Centaurus_, by Brad Ferguson


OTHER STAR TREK REFERENCES

"Star Trek Chronology and Future History V5.0", by Allan Finkas and William
     Stone III

"Stardate Chart (TNG)", by DC Comics, as appeared in TNG Mini #4


S T A R  T R E K  T I M E L I N E
     by Kasey K.S. Chang
     Last Update: 01-10/92

Part 4/4 : TLINEEXP.DOC

FULL EXPLANATIONS

     (Note: all calculations are not perfect, due to the vagrancies of the
human speech.  All "circa" year references should have +/- 3 years margin
of error.)


NAILING DOWN THE MAIN PIECES
     There are two pieces of main evidence which helps date Star Trek
firmly.  They are Data's quote and Sarek's ages.
     Data have stated in the episode TNG:"The Neutral Zone", that the "Old
Earth Year" is 2364.  That was a first season episode.  TNG Tech Manual
have also stated that NCC-1701-D was launched in late 2363, therefore TNG
started in 2364.
     Sarek was 202 as stated by Picard in the episode TNG:"Sarek".  That
was a fourth-season episode, therefore it happened in 2367.  Sarek was then
born in 2165.
     In TOS:"Journey to Babel", Sarek was 102.  Since that was a second
season episode, that put TOS starting at 2165 + 102 - 2 = 2265, and the
episode in 2266.
     Also, McCoy's age can be used to solve part of the puzzle.  McCoy is
in his forties in TOS (if someone knows the exact number and episode,
please let me know), and is 137 when he visited the NCC-1701-D in the
series premiere.  Since ST:TNG started in 2364, McCoy was then born in
2227.  Adding 40 to 2227 equals 2267, which is about right.
     These should nail down all of the TV episodes.
     The Animated Series is assumed to have immediately followed the
unfinished The Original Series, to complete the five year mission.
     ST:TMP was judged to have occured in 2271, since the novel that
preceded it, "A Flag Full of Stars" by Brad Ferguson, occurred in 2269, the
tricentennial of Apollo landing on Luna.  One and a half years have been
added since ENTERPRISE was not completed yet.  Also, it has been 2.8 years
since Spock have went off to study Kholinar, and that could only happen
after the FYM finished.  The FYM finished in 2267/2268, plus 3 = 2270/2271.
     ST3:TSFS was placed in 2285 by the TNG Technical manual, as the entry
clearly stated that NCC-1701 was lost defending the Mutara Sector against a
Klingon incursion in this year.  ST4:TVH and ST2:TWOK, for this reason,
belongs in this year as well, since not much physical time elapsed among
the three films, except perhaps a month or two.  ST4 happened approximately
3 months after ST3, according to Kirk's remarks in the novelization.
     ST5:TFF is in 2286 since the crew get a new year to break in the new
ship (esp. Scotty), or "proper shakedown".  It could go in 2285 if needed.
     ST6:TUC is placed in approximately 2295 based on the evidence in the
novelization:  Kirk said it was ten years plus one since death of David
(ST3).  The placement is NOT official, but should be about right.


NOW THE HOLES
     After establishing the basis of the timeline, we start filling in the
pieces.  There are many holes to fill in:

     Before history (before AD )
     Pre-Federation (before 2087 approx)
     Early Federation (before 2200 approx)
     Before Star Trek (before 2264, like Pike, April, etc)
     Lost Years 1 (2268-2271, between FYM and ST:TMP)
     Lost Years 2 (2271-2284, between ST:TMP and ST2:TWOK)
     Lost Years 3 (2286-2296, between ST5:TFF and ST6:TUC)
     Between eras (2296-2364, between ST6:TUC and TNG)

     Let's deal with them one by one:


BEFORE HISTORY
     This area was not really mentioned by Star Trek other than offhand
references to "history" of exotic locations.  Often they are results of war
and devastation.
     These wars include: Slaver Empire (TAS), Arret (TOS), Preservers
(TOS/TNG), Borg (TNG), Tkon Empire (TNG), The Makers (TOS), and much more.
They are referenced with the dates and years given in the episodes.
     The connection between the Borg and the Preservers was suggested by
Peter David in his "giant" TNG Novel "Vendetta" (a great book, you should
read it).  The Preservers constructed the Doomsday Machine (TOS) in order
to combat the Borg.  By the tone of the descriptions, that happened about
10,000 BC.  Plese read the book and find out.
     The origin of the Romulans would be another puzzle, which was solved
by the information given in Diane Duane's novel "The Romulan Way", which is
essentially Romulan History written in the same style as "Spock's World".
So please refer to "The Romulan Way" for any questions about Romulan
History in this timeline.


PRE-FEDERATION
     To do this part, I did two things: researched on the ships named
ENTERPRISE, and read the Stones/Finkas timeline on pre-Federation days.
     Three things need to be resolved for our "future history" before
putting them in the timeline:
     1) Was there a World War III?  If so how come there is still Star
Trek?
     2) If so, when/what is the war that was mentioned in TOS:"Space Seed"?
That "Eugenics War"?
     3) What is that "Mind Control Revolt" Gene wrote about in the ST:TMP
novelization?
     Clearly, all entries since American Revolutionary War up to (not
including) Y1992 is historical research.
     Strangely, Question 2 is answered first.  According to the
Stones/Finkas Chronology, "Eugenics War" is believed to have happened 1992-
1996, and seems to be a limited revolt, not global warfare.  Eugenics War
is supposed to have been started by some geneticists who created
"superhumans" like Khan, and planned to take over the world.  They lost,
and was forced to exile into space.
     Which still leaves WW3 unaccounted for.
     After a little thinking, I decided to put WW3 in 2039-2043, to go just
before the "Mind Control Revolts" in 2043-2047, since we can then say that
the Mind Control Revolts are an after-effect of WW3.  We gathered in
TNG:"Encounter at Farpoint" that in the early 21st century military forces
were controlled with mind control and drugs.  We could say that those are
the roots of the "Mind Control Revolt".
     The novel "Strangers from the Sky" provided quite a few details about
life in the Early 21st century, presumably after the war.  The exploratory
expeditions toward nearby stars were already launched.  As the novel was
based on the "Star Trek Concordance", the dates are slightly off when
compared with "newer" evidences.  They were moved slightly.
     The "history" then goes up smoothly up to the formation of the
Federation, with all of its founding members contacted peacefully by the
Terrans.


EARLY FEDERATION
     The main event that happened in Early Federation, from 2100 to 2200,
is the First Romulan War (at least that's what the Feds call it).  It was
covered somewhat in the novel "The Romulan Way".  Other than that, only
birthdates filled this era, as no info is available from any where.
     This would be an interesting period to cover by fan fiction, in my
opinion.
BEFORE STAR TREK
     The missions of Captain April and Captain Pike were not recorded
except in small pieces.  In this category goes these sources: TOS:"The
Cage", TOSN:"Final Frontier", TOSN:"Legacy", TOSN:"The Rift".  Most of the
dates hinted at or mentioned in the novels are included.
     Other important events in this period include The First Klingo-
Federation War (sometimes known as The Four Years War), Invention of the
Transporter, Discovery of Dilithium and its enhancement to warp travel, and
invention of the first type of photon torpedo.



LOST YEARS 1
     The only "official" Lost Years, this period is considered to be the
period after Kirk's five year mission and before ST:TMP.  This period is
covered by two novels: TOSN:"The Lost Years", and TOSN:"A Flag Full of
Stars".  The second novel, with the tricentennial of the Apollo Landing, is
placed in 2269, which means ST:TMP occured in 2271.  That in turn means the
five year mission ended in 2268.
     As Gene had expressed reticense toward any stories in this era, it is
doubtful that more stories during this time will be told.


LOST YEARS 2
     The period between ST:TMP and ST2:TWOK is quite long, over 13 years in
fact.  (Which makes Khan's "fifteen years" a little understated, but
perhaps Alpha Ceti V have a longer year?)  It can probably be assumed that
Kirk, after ST:TMP, was made "acting captain", which was the position of
many novels set after ST:TMP, including most of the Diane Duane's Trek
novels.  He probably went on a second five year mission in the new
ENTERPRISE (giving credence to the never filmed "Star Trek II" series,
which in reality became ST:TMP), and after that, forced to take a desk job
more permanently this time, as commandant of Star Fleet.
     After that, the ship probably spent a year in the docks for refits,
and Spock took over as Captain, with blessing from Kirk.  In order to take
care of all of the years, Spock probably went on a five year mission of his
own, then the ship was "retired" from front-line to be the Academy training
ship and home reserve.
     Remember, all these are merely conjectures, based on best evidence
available.  They are NOT official.


LOST YEARS 3
     Many of us wondered what had happened between ST5:TFF and ST6:TUC.
There were little information available for a period of approximately 10
years.  The only "notable" and "solid" information is Sulu's gaining
command of the EXCELSIOR.  Additional details came from the novelization.
     This may be a bit of an awkward time to write about since ENTERPRISE
have three captains onboard: Kirk, Spock, and Sulu (until he got
EXCELSIOR).


BETWEEN ERAS
     After ST6:TUC, we move into the unknown (or the little known).  Most
of the TNG characters are just being born in the next ten to thirty years.
However, the character biographies and the "historical" references in
ST:TNG have included many details that helped fill in this period of over
half of a century.
     Included in this period are voyages of STARGAZER, the Third Klingo-
Federation War, The Cardassian War, voyages of the NCC-1701-B, voyages of
the NCC-1701-C, and various other events.  Of these events, only the
voyages of the NCC-1701-C were "official", but only the date of its loss is
certain.  Others are mainly my conjectures.
     I believe there is a Third Klingo-Federation War (the second was
stopped in the middle by Organian), since Riker had said so in TNG:The
Emmissary.  With that idea, I invented the final demise of Kirk and the
NCC-1701-A to fit in here.  If you don't like it, feel free to scream at
me.  However, I think the explanation are quite logical.
     I believe that not long after the end of the Third Klingo-Federation
War, the Cardassian War started.  It was mentioned a couple times in TNG,
especially in UNIFICATION I, in which Perrin mentioned that Spock had
attacked Sarek's position on it.  The dates are moved slightly to fit in
the info from TNG:Ensign Ro about the Bajorans.  It can be inferred that
the Bajoran system was annexed by the Cardassians right after the
Cardassian War, since the Federation could not intervene after the treaty
is signed.  Cardassians probably did that for covering their blunder in the
war, sort of scapegoat/substitute.
     There is almost no info on the NCC-1701-B other than what was written
in the TNG Tech Manual.  However, there is a rumor that Paramount is plan-
ning a prequel to TNG, which may cover the adventures of the NCC-1701-B.
     All we know about the NCC-1701-C is from the episode TNG:Yesterday's
ENTERPRISE.  TNG Tech Manual did not elaborate at all.


FUTURE OF STAR TREK
     For all the Trekkies and Trekkers, there is still plenty to write
about in all areas.  What was it like in the pre-warp days?  Early-warp
days?  What aspects of the Federation have we not covered yet?  This
timeline hopefully can give you enough specific references to write your
own stories and lend it some "authenticity".  Add imagination and
persistence, and you have a Trek writer in training!  Good luck!  Live
long and prosper!

Kasey K.S. Chang
treknologist

                                 EPISODE LISTS

                                      TOS

No.  Date     Episode                          Brief desc
---  ------  --------------------------------- -------------------------------
  0          The Cage   (Pilot)                Enterprise to Talos IV

  1  1513.1  The Man Trap                      Salt vampire
  2  1533.6  Charlie X                         Teenage boy raised by aliens
  3  1312.4  Where No Man Has Gone Before      crew menbers become god like
  4  1704.2  The Naked Time                    water molecules acts on the brain
  5  1672.1  The Enemy Within                  Transporter Malfunction.
  6  1329.1  Mudd's Women                      Harry Mudd and three women
  7  2712.4  What are Little Girls Made Of?    Roger Korby and clone exp's
  8  2713.5  Miri                              Enterprise helps children
  9  2715.1  Dagger of the Mind                Kirk inspects penal colony
 10  1512.2  The Corbomite Maneuver            Kirk bluffs aliens
 11  3012.4  The Menagerie (Part One)          Spock faces court Martial for
 12  3012.4  The Menagerie (Part Two)          hijacking the Enterprise
 13  2817.6  The Conscience of the King        Kirk investigates an actors past
 14  1709.1  Balance of Terror                 Enterprise chases Romulan ship
 15  3025.3  Shore Leave                       McCoy killed by black knight
 16  2821.5  The Galileo Seven                 Spock commands shuttle & crashes
 17  2124.5  The Squire of Gothos              Kirk & crew held by Trelaine
 18  3045.6  Arena                             Kirk must fight the Gorn
 19  3113.2  Tomorrow is Yesterday             Enterprise thrown back to 1967
 20  2947.3  Court Martial                     Kirk faces court martial(Finney)
 21  3156.2  The Return of the Archons         Kirk and crew confront Landru
 22  3141.9  Space Seed                        Crew find Botany bay with Kahn
 23  3192.1  A Taste of Armageddon             Planets that war with computer
 24  3417.3  This Side of Paradise             Kirk Fights Spock to cure Spock
 25  3196.1  The Devil in the Dark             Crew fight the Horta on Janus 6
 26  3198.4  Errand of Mercy                   Organians stops Klingon Fed. war
 27  3087.6  The Alternative Factor            Lazrus fights his anti-mater twin
 28  3134.0  The City on the Edge of Forever   McCoy Kirk Spock go back to 1930
 29  3287.2  Operation - Annihilate            Kirk kills one celled aliens

 30  3372.7  Amok Time                         Spock to marry T'Pring
 31  3468.1  Who Morns for Adonais             Kirk meets alien Adonais
 32  3451.9  The Changeling                    Kirk destroys the probe NOMAD
 33          Mirror, Mirror                    Crew visit visit paralell universe
 34  3715.0  The Apple                         Crew find and destroy Vaal
 35  4202.9  The Doomsday Machine              Kirk fights planet killer
 36  3018.2  Catspaw                           Kirk & crew meets shape shifters
 37  4513.3  I, Mudd                           Harry Mudd on planet of androids.
 38  3219.4  Metamorphosis                     Zephram Cochrane and companion
 39  3842.3  Journey to Babel                  Sarek & Amanda aboard Enterprise
 40  3497.2  Friday's Child                    Kirk provides weapons to planet
 41  3478.2  The Deadly Years                  crew experience rapid aging
 42  3619.2  Obsession                         Crew fights a gaseous creature
 43  3614.9  Wolf in the Fold                  Scotty accused of brutal murder
 44  4523.3  The Trouble with Tribbles         tribbles on Station K-7 & ship
 45  3211.7  The Gamesters of Triskellion      Race of aliens bet on fights
 46  4598.0  A Piece of the Action             a planet modeled after a book
 47  4307.1  The Immunity Syndrome             Space amoeba that eats ships
 48  4211.4  A Private Little War              Klingons supply weapons to a planet
 49  4768.3  Return to Tomorrow                Three aliens take host bodies
 50  2534.0  Patterns of Force                 John Gill brings Naziism to planet
 51  4657.5  By Any Other Name                 Kelvans take over the Enterprise
 52          The Omega Glory                   Paralell of Earth with United states
 53  4729.4  The Ultimate Computer             Richard Daystrom invents M5 computer
 54  4040.7  Bread and Circuses                Captain Merik of the USS Beagle
 55          Assignment: Earth                 Gary Seven and Roberta Lincoln

 56  5431.4  Spock's Brain                     Spock's brain is removed
 57  5031.3  The Enterprise Incident           Kirk & Spock get Cloaking device
 58  4842.6  The Paradise Syndrome             Kirk looses his memory and marriage
 59  5027.3  And The Children Shall Lead       Children take over the Enterprise
 60  5630.7  Is There In Truth No Beauty?      Blind doctor with Medusan
 61  4385.3  Spectre of the Gun                crew have a gunfight at OK Corral
 62          Day of the Dove                   An alien that feeds on emotions
 63  5476.3  For The World Is Hollow,          Star ship run by computer Oracle
             And I Have Touched the Sky
 64  5693.4  The Tholian Web                   Thoians weave a web around ship
 65  5784.0  Plato's Stepchildren              Aliens with kinetic powers
 66  5710.5  Wink of an Eye                    Scalosians to kidnap men
 67  5121.0  The Empath                        An alien Empath named GEM
 68  4372.5  Elaan of Troyius                  Crew educate Elaan for her marriage
 69  5718.3  Whom Gods Destroy                 Donald Cory tries to take ship
 70  5730.2  Let That Be Your Last Battlefield Race of half white half black aliens
 71  5423.4  The Mark Of Gideon                planet of disease free aliens
 72          That Which Survives               Alien image that kills people
 73  5725.3  The Lights of Zetar               Mora Romaine and energy storm
 74  5843.7  Requiem for Methuselah            Flint an imortal being
 75  5832.3  The Way to Eden                   23rd century hippoes and Eden
 76  5818.4  The Cloudminders                  Troglites mine Zienite
 77  5906.4  The Savage Curtain                Kirk meets Abraham Lincoln
 78  5943.7  All Our Yesterdays                planet that is nearing supernova
 79  5298.5  Turnabout Intruder                Janice Lester takes Kirk's body

                                      TAS

Order Air Date  PCode Stardate Title
===== ========= ===== ======== ===========================================
   1. Sep 15 73    3A  5373.4  Yesteryear
   2. Sep 22 73    7A  5371.3  One Of Our Planets Is Missing
   3. Sep 29 73    6A  5483.7  The Lorelei Signal
   4. Oct  6 73    1A  5392.4  More Tribbles, More Troubles
   5. Oct 13 73    5A  5143.3  The Survivor
   6. Oct 20 73    2A  5554.4  The Infinite Vulcan
   7. Oct 27 73    9A  1254.4  The Magicks Of Megas-Tu
   8. Nov  3 73   14A  5591.2  Once Upon A Planet
   9. Nov 10 73    8A  4978.5  Mudd's Passion
  10. Nov 17 73   15A  5577.3  The Terratin Incident
  11. Nov 24 73   10A  5267.2  Time Trap
  12. Dec  1 73   13A  5499.9  The Ambergris Element
  13. Dec 15 73   11A  4187.3  Slaver Weapon
  14. Dec 22 73    4A  5521.3  Beyond The Farthest Star
  15. Jan  5 74   16A  5501.2  The Eye Of The Beholder
  16. Jan 13 74   12A  5683.1  Jihad
  17. Sep  7 74   19A  6334.1  The Pirates Of Orion
  18. Sep 14 74   17A  7403.6  Bem
  19. Sep 21 74   20A  3183.3  Practical Joker
  20. Sep 28 74   18A  5285.6  Albatross
  21. Oct  5 74   21A  6063.4  How Sharper Than A Serpent's Tooth
  22. Oct 12 74   22A  6770.3  The Counter-Clock Incident

                                      TNG

No. T  Date     Episode                        Brief desc
--- -- -------  ------------------------------ ---------------------------------
  1  1 41153.7  Encounter at Farpoint          Q puts the crew on trial
  2  1 41153.7  Encounter at Farpoint          Q puts the crew on trial
  3  1 41209.2  The Naked Now                  Narcotic.
  4  1 41235.25 Code of Honor                  Lutan abducts Tasha
  5  1 41386.4  The Last Outpost               Away team meet Portal
  6  1 41263.1  Where No One Has Gone Before   The Traveller
  7  1 41249.3  Lonely Among Us                Picard and energy beings
  8  1 41255.6  Justice                        Wesley held by the IDO
  9  2 41723.9  The Battle                     Picard and Star Gazer
 10  2 41590.5  Hide and Q                     Q gives Riker power of Q
 11  2 41294.5  Haven                          Wyatt Miller to wed Deanna
 12  2 41997.7  The Big Goodbye                First Dixon Hill appearance
 13  2 41242.4  Datalore                       Data meets his evil brother
 14  2 41636.9  Aangel one                     Crew to find survivors.
 15  3 41365.9  11001001                       Binars hijack Enterprise
 16  3 41309.5  Too Short a Season             Jamison and youth drug
 17  3 41509.1  When the Bough Break's         Children kidnaped
 18  3 41463.9  Home Soil                      Silicon Life form
 19  3 41416.2  Coming of Age                  Wesley tests for academy
 20  3 41503.7  Heart of Glory                 Worf and fugitive klingons
 21  4 41798.2  The Arsenal of Freedom         All life on Mynos dead
 22  4          Symbiosis                      Drug addicts
 23  4 41601.3  Skin of Evil                   Armus kills Tasha
 24  4 41697.9  We'll Always Have Paris        Picard meets old flame
 25  4 41775.5  Conspiracy                     Little parasites (sick)
 26  4 41986.0  The Neutral Zone               People from the 20th century
 27  5 42073.1  The Child                      Deanna and Ian (Her son)
 28  5 42193.6  Where Silence Has Lease        Enterprise in void
 29  5 42286.3  Elimentary Dear Data           Data portrays Sherlock Holmes
 30  5 42402.7  The Outrageous Okona           The life of a rogue
 31  5 42477.2  Loud as a Whisper              Riva the mediator
 32  5 42437.5  The Schizoid Man               Data meets Ira Graves
 33  6 42494.8  Unnatural Selection            Pulaski (Rapid aging)
 34  6 42506.5  A Matter Of Honor              Riker serves aboard the Pach
 35  6 42523.7  The Measure of a Man           Data on trial
 36  6 42568.8  The Dauphin                    Wesley meets Selia
 37  6 42609.1  Contagion                      Crew discover Iaconia
 38  6 42625.4  The Royale                     Trapped in a cheap Novel
 39  6 42679.2  Time Squared                   Picard meets Picard
 40  6 42686.4  The Icarus Factor              Riker meets his father
 41  7 42695.3  Pen Pals                       Wesley and team save a planet
 42  7 42761.3  Q Who                          Enterprise and Borg (J25)
 43  7 42779.1  Samaritan Snare                Geordi held by Pacleds
 44  7 42823.2  Up the Long Ladder             Send in the clones
 45  7 42859.2  Man Hunt                       Lwaxanna looks for husband
 46  7 42901.3  The Emissary                   Worf meets K'Ehleyr
 47  7 42923.4  Peak Performance               Battle simulation
 48  7 42976.1  Shades Of Gray                 Riker relives his past
 49  8 43125.8  Evolution                      Wesley frees Nanites
 50  8          The Ensigns of Command         Sheliak
 51  8 43152.4  The Survivors                  Old people on destroyed Planet
 52  8 43173.5  Who Watches the Watchers       Primitive Vulcans
 53  8 43198.7  The Bonding                    Worf and Jeremy Astor
 54  8 43205.6  Booby Trap                     Geordi creates Lea Brahms
 55  8 43349.2  The Enemy                      Geordi and Romulan
 56  8 43385.6  The Price                      Wormhole for sale
 57  9 43421.9  The Vengence Factor            The Gatherers
 58  9 43462.5  The Defector                   Admiral Jarock defects
 59  9 43489.2  The Hunted                     Crew hunts for war criminal
 60  9 43510.7  The High Ground                Picard and Beverly held hostage
 61  9 43539.1  Deja Q                         Q reduced to a mortal
 62  9 43610.4  A Matter of Perspective        Riker accused for murder
 63  9 43625.2  Yesterday's Enterprise         NCC 1701-C meets NCC 1701-D
 64  9 43657.0  The Offspring                  Data creates Lall
 65 10 43685.2  Sins of the Father             Worf before High council
 66 10 43714.1  Allegiance                     Picard held prisoner with 3
 67 10 43745.2  Captains Holliday              Picard finds the Tax Utat
 68 10 43779.3  Tin Man                        Tam Elbrun rescues Tin Man
 69 10 43807.4  Hollow Pursuits                Barclay's Holodiction
 70 10 43872.2  The Most Toys                  Data Kidnaped by Fagio
 71 10 43917.4  Sarek                          Sarek unstable
 72 10 43930.7  Menage a Troi                  Troi, and Riker kidnaped
 73 11 43958.8  Transfigurations               Beverly and John Doe
 74 11 43989.1  The Best of Both Worlds        The Borg return
 75 11 44001.4  The Best of Both Worlds 2      Picard altered by the Borg
 76 11 44012.3  Family                         Picard visits his home
 77 11 44085.7  Brothers                       Data, Lore, and Soong
 78 11 44143.7  Suddenly Human                 Picard stabbed by Jono
 79 11 44161.2  Remember Me                    Beverly trapped (Warp Bubble)
 80 11 44215.2  Legacy                         Tasha's sister Ishara.
 81 12 44246.3  Reunion                        Worf, K'Ehleyr, and Alexander
 82 12 44286.5  Future Imperfect               Borash captures Riker
 83 12 44307.3  Final Mission                  Picard. Wes, and Dergo crash
 84 12 44356.9  The Loss                       Deanna looses her powers
 85 12 44390.1  Data's Day                     24 hours of Data's life
 86 12 44429.6  The Wounded                    Ben Maxwell starts a war
 87 12 44474.5  Devils Due                     Picard faces the devil
 88 12 44502.7  Clues                          The crew looses their memory
 89 13          First Contact                  Riker hurt in mob
 90 13 44614.6  Galaxy's Child                 Geordi and the real Lea Brahms
 91 13 44631.2  Night Terrors                  Crew has mass hysteria
 92 13 44664.5  Identity Crisis                Geordi Metamorphosizes
 93 13 44704.2  The Nth Degree                 Barclay turned into computer
 94 13 44741.9  Q-pid                          Picard, Q, & Vash love triangle
 95 13 44769.2  The Drumhead                   Admiral Seti conducts a trial
 96 13 44805.3  Half a life                    Picard's risk to save scientist
 97 14 44821.3  The Host                       Riker lends his body to parasite
 98 14 44885.5  The Mind's Eye                 Geordi captured by Romulans
 99 14 44932.3  In Theory                      Data falls in love
100 14 44995.3  Redemption                     Worf regains honor
101 14 45020.4  Redemption 2                   Sela helps Duras family in war
102.14 45047.2  Darmok                         Picard with alien captain
103 14 45076.3  Ensign Ro                      Enterprise to save Bjoran people
104 14 45122.3  Silicon Avatar                 Dr. Mara destroys Silicon entity
105 15 45156.1  Disaster                       Deanna controls the Enterprise
106 15 45208.2  The Game                       Wesley stops addictive game
107 15 45233.1  The Unification, Part 1        Picard & Data search for Spock
108 15 45245.8  The Unification, Part 2        Unify Vulcan and Romulus
109 15 45349.1  A Matter of Time               Historian from the future
110 15 45376.3  New Ground                     Alexander to stay with Worf
111 16 45397.3  Hero Worship                   Data bonds with an orphan
112 16 45429.3  Violations                     Crew members put into Coma's
113 16 45470.1  The Masterpeice Society        Enterprise to save Utopia
114 16 45494.2  Conundrum                      Crew looses their memories
115 16          Power Play
116 16          Ethics
117 17          The Outcast


                               UPCOMING EPISODES

#    Week Of        Title
--   --------  ---- ----------------------------
115   2/22/92  215              Power Play
116   2/29/92  216              Ethics
      3/07/92  209R 45349.1     A Matter of Time
117   3/14/92  217              The Outcast

                              IMPORTANT ADDRESSES

                Star Trek episodes
         Columbia House Video Library
         Dept. LK3
         P.O. Box 1112
         Terre Haute, IN 47811
         800 544-4431

                Star Trek Chess set
         The Franklin Mint
         2496
         Franklin enter, Pa. 19092-2496
         --
         $29.50 for each peice

                Star Trek uniforms
         Johnson Smith Co.
         4514 19th Court East
         P. O. Box 25500
         Bradenton FL 34206-5500.
         (813) 747-2356 for credit card orders

              Star Trek uniforms, books, posters, etc
         Intergalactic Trading Company
         P.O. Box 1516
         Longwood, Fl. 32752
         (407) 831-8344
         (407) 332-0142  FAX
         --
         Send $2 for catalog.

         Star Trek books and other merchandise. Write for a catalog.
         Intergalactic Trading Company
         PO BOX 1516
         Longwood FL 32752-1516

         Paramount Pictures
         5555 Melrose Avenue
         Hollywood, CA  90038-3197
         (213) 956-5000

                Writing to cast members
         Cast Member's name
         C/O Star Trek office
         Paramount Pictures
         5555 Melrose Avenue
         Hollywood, CA  90038-3197

         Creation Conventions
         145 Jericho Turnpike
         Mineola, NY 11501

                Books on diskette
         S3 Enterprises
         137 Golfview Drive
         Glendale Heights, IL 60139.

         Klingon Recipes
         1231 Garfield
         Havertown, Pa, 19083
         Book $6

         Tom's Sci-Fi Shop
         P.O. Box 56116 DPI,
         H. Hts, Il. 60656-0116
         --
         $3 for 75 page catalog. refundable on first order.

              Star Trek 25th aniversary game
         INTERPLAY
         3701 S. Susan, Suite 100
         Santa Ana, CA 92704
         (714)549-2411

              Star Trek Calander $5.98.
         The Science Fiction Book Club
         6550 E. 30th Street
         P.O. Box 6325
         Indianapolis, IN  46206-6325

              TOS, TNG, and all film scripts
         Hollywood Book and Poster Company
         6349 Hollywood Boulevard
         Hollywood, CA  90028
         (213) 465-8764 [voice]
         (213) 465-0413 [fax]

              Books, Scripts, etc
         Script City
         8033 Sunset Blvd.  Suite 1500
         Hollywood, CA  90046
         (213) 871-0707 for phone orders

              Collectibles
         Catch A Star Collectibles, Inc.
         1951 Old Cuthbert Road
         Cherry Hill, NJ 08034

              Star Trek: The Next Generation magazine
         Starlog Press
         c/o Star Trek: The Next Generation magazine
         475 Park Ave. South
         New York, NY 10016
         --
         $25 per year (4 issues)

              Pocket Books Press
         Pocket Books
         1230 Avenue of the Americas
         New York, Ny. 10020

              General Trek related items.
         Starland
         PO Box 24590
         Denver, CO 80224   (303) 671-8735

              Comics, Games, Fandom, etc
         Dan Keene
         c/o I'M GAME
         102 W. Pine St.
         Warrensburg, MO 64093

              T-Shirts, and general merchandise
         OVER THE EDGE
         1504 Country Ridge Lane
         Baltimore, MD.  21221
         410-687-0876
         --
         Write for a catalog.

              Assorted Trek items. Send SASE for catalog
         Greg Stone
         P.O. Box 508
         Lakewood, CA. 90714

                         IMPORTANT DATES FOR STAR TREK
                                  Birthdates

Jan 20  Deforest Kelley              Leonard (Bones) McCoy
Feb 2   Brent Spiner                 Data, Lore, Dr. Noonian Soong
Mar 3   James Doohan                 Montgomery (Scotty) Scott
Mar 22  William Shatner              Captain James T. Kirk
Mar 26  Leonard Nimory               Mr. Spock
Apr 1   Grace Lee Whitney            Janice Rand
Apr 20  George Takei                 Mr. Sulu
Jul 13  Patrick Stewart              Jean-Luc Picard
Jul 29  Wil Wheaton                  Wesley Crusher
Aug 12  Jane Wyatt                   Amanda
Aug 17  Harve Bennett                Star Fleet Chief of Staff
Aug 19  Diana Muldaur                dr. Katherine Pulaski
Aug 19  Gene Roddenberry
Aug 19  Jonathan Frakes              William Riker
Aug 28  Gates McFadden               Dr Beverly Crusher
Sep 8   Star Trek anniversary
Sep 14  Bruce Hyde                   Kevin Riley
Sep 14  Walter Koenig                Chekov
Oct 15  Mark Lenard                  Sarek
Oct 24  John Winston                 Transporter Chief Kyle
Oct 24  Gene Roddenberry's death 1991
Nov 24  Denise Crosby                Natasha Yar, Sela
Dec 9   Michael Dorn                 Worf
Dec 29  Nichelle Nichols             Lt, Uhura

                              SHIPS OF THE FLEET

         Enterprise America
         Suite 271
         12439 Magnolia Boulevard
         North Hollywood, CA  91607
         $12 payable to Jim Lyon

         Star Trek Fan Club of California
         P. O. BOX 7094
         COTATI, CALIF 94931
         --
         $8.00 YEARLY, 12  Newsletters,  Attends  3  or  4  Star  Trek
         Convensions  yearly,  and  has  tables at More than 2 con's a
         year..  Dues Payable to Chris Kren.

         Star Trek The Official Fan Club
         P.O. Box 111000
         Aurora. Co. 80011
         1 yr  $ 11.95/USA, $14.00/CANADA, $23.95/FOREIGN

         STARFLEET
         P.O. Box 430
         Burnsville, NC 28714

         STARFLEET ACADEMY/STARBASE XII
         Starfleet Academy
         P.O. Box 2312
         Evansville, IN 47728

         Data Entries: A Brent Spiner Newsletter
         1853 Fallbrook Ave,
         San Jose, CA  95130
         --
         Quarterly zine focusing on Brent Spiner  and  TNG.   $5/year,
         single  issues $1.50.  Edited by Jim and Melody Rondeau. This
         was the first regular TNG publication.

         IAAPS: The International Audience Alliance For Patrick Stewart
         1411 Colonial Ave #B-5,
         Norfolk, VA  23517
         --
         Patrick  Stewart  fan   organization.    $18/year   domestic,
         $20/year  Canadian, $22/year foreign.  Publishes "Stargazer",
         bimonthly, a zine dedicated to the career of Patrick Stewart,
         zine  reviews,  articles   and   other   information.    Very
         member-oriented.   Edited  by  Kate  Maynard  and  the  IAAPS
         Committee.  Checks payable to IAAPS.

         Imzadi: The Marina Sirtis Newsletter
         3084 Chastain Park,
         Atlanta, GA, 30342
         --
         Marina Sirtis  and  STAR  TREK  fan  organization.   $6/year.
         Publishes "Imzadi," three times/year, dedicated to fan input,
         talks  with Marina, current news and more.  Edited by William
         S. McCullars.  Very chatty, newsy fanzine.

         The Electronic Male
         7914 Creek Trail,
         San Antonio, TX  78250
         --
         Brent Spiner / TNG  review/update  zine.   SASE  for  current
         prices.   Pub-  lished  quarterly;  zine  features updates on
         Brent's career plus reviews and TNG nostalgia.  Edited by  K.
         Joyce McDonald.

         Beverlyophiles
         2116 W. Garfield Blvd,
         Chicago, IL  60609
         --
         Beverly  Crusher  / TNG correspondence zine.  $10/six months,
         $20/thirteen   months.     Published    monthly,    featuring
         correspondence     primarily     oriented     toward    Gates
         McFadden/Beverly Crusher, as well as  current  TNG  conversa-
         tion.  Edited by Kimberley Junius.

         Klingon Assault Group
         NasToj Squadron REC.DEPT.
         245 Citation Dr.
         Henrietta, NY 14467
         --
         I  don't  have  any information on this one. Send SASE

         The Michael Dorn Appreciation Organization
         P.O. Box 185,
         Ellicott City, MD  21043
         --
         Michael Dorn fan  newsletter.   $18/year.   Publishes  "Dorn"
         bimonthly;  zine  focuses  primarily  on  Mr.   Dorn  and the
         Klingons. Edited by Marc B. Lee.  Slick publication.

         Barbara Walker
         17 Gateway Dr.
         Batavia, NY. 14020
         --
         Leonard Nimoy's only  officially,  personaly  authorised  fan
         club. Send SASE to address above for flyer.

         The Picardian
         Contact Marilyn Wilkerson on Compuserve 72371.2517
         If  you know the address for this fan club, please post it so
         I may update  my  list.
         --
         Patrick    Stewart/Picard-oriented    newsletter.    $6/year.
         Published monthly, focusing on the character  of  Picard  and
         the actor, inclined toward the more fannish aspects.

         The Star Trek Welcommittee
         P.O. Drawer 12
         Saranac, MI  48881.
         --
         I don't have any information about this fan club. Send SASE.

         24th Century News
         RR #3 Box 4-B
         Port au Port, Nf. A0N 1T0 Canada
         --
         Atlantic  Canadian  NEXT  GENERATION  Fanzine. For info. send
         SASE.

         I.D.I.C.
         15 Letter Dail
         Cairbbaa, Lochgilphead, Argyl PA31 8SX, Scotland
         --
         IDIC ST CLUB: covers all TREK, bi-monthly  60-84  page  n/ls.
         SAE + $1 to Janet Quarton.

         UTOPE
         P.O. Box 1031
         Carthage, Tx 75633
         --
         The    United   Trekkers   Of   Planet   Earth   is   a   fan
         communication/news exchange group, dedicated to the  original
         crew. newsletter published monthly.

         Tribbles Fan Club
         P.O. Box 543
         Mendocino, Ca. 95460
         --
         Send SASE.

         Inside Trekkers Fan Club
         Edgar B Schodde
         5215 Powhattan St.
         Pittsburgh, Pa. 15224
         --
         Dues  $7. Make checks payable to Edgar B. Schodde. Membership
         includes Starship  diagrams,StarFleet  Officers  regulations,
         Club roster and membership card. Quarterly fanzine

         ASTAF
         c/o Gabriele M. Wrubel
         P.O. Box 365
         A-1211 Vienna
         Austria
         --
         Dues  Austria  AS 250, Europe AS 300, Ask for U.S. Membership
         rates. Monthly Fanzine. Everything is published in German.

         Trek Guide
         P.O. Box 2522
         Renton. Wa. 98056-0522.
         --
         Send SASE.

         East Coast Trekkers
         c/o Richard Brown
         2 Rowan Road
         Martham, Norfolk
         NR29 4RY England
         --
         Send SASE

         Star Trek Toronto Inc.
         Suite 0116, Box 208
         65 Front Street West
         Toronto, Ontario
         CANADA      M5J 1E6
         --
         Holds monthly meetings for members and mail  out  newsletters
         each month as well. Send SASE for more info.

         Continuum
         2753 Fourth Street
         Wyandotte, Mi. 48192
         --
         Here  is a Fanzine for all loyal Q fans. It is authorixed and
         recognized ny John "Q" Delancoie. Write for info. Please send
         SASE.

         3RD FLT HQ
         P.O. Box 710219
         Santee, Ca. 92072-0219
         --
         Starships of the Third Fleet $11 for 6 months.

         LASTASAM STELAL ROM'LNZ
         177th SINDARI
         R.R. 3 Box 107,
         Egg Harbor, NJ. 08215
         in care of Admiral Tomianus or Commander S'Letya.
         --
         Romulan Fan club $12.50 per  year.  $25  to  include  Tshirt.
         Make checks payable to Neil T. White.

                                  WARP SCALES

                                TOS WARP SPEEDS

                    Warp 1              the speed of light
                    Warp 2      8 times the speed of light
                    Warp 3     27 times the speed of light
                    Warp 4     64 times the speed of light
                    Warp 5    125 times the speed of light
                    Warp 6    216 times the speed of light
                    Warp 7    343 times the speed of light
                    Warp 8    512 times the speed of light
                    Warp 9    729 times the speed of light

                                TNG WARP SPEEDS

                    Warp 1              the speed of light
                    Warp 2     10 Times the speed of light
                    Warp 3     39 times the speed of light
                    Warp 4    101 times the speed of light
                    Warp 5    213 times the speed of light
                    Warp 6    390 times the speed of light
                    Warp 7    652 times the speed of light
                    Warp 8   1017 times the speed of light
                    Warp 9   1506 times the speed of light

                               TRANSWARP SPEEDS

                    Warp 1              the speed of light
                    Warp 2     16 times the speed of light
                    Warp 3     81 times the speed of light
                    Warp 4    256 times the speed of light
                    Warp 5    625 times the speed of light
                    Warp 6   1296 times the speed of light
                    Warp 7   2401 times the speed of light
                    Warp 8   4096 times the speed of light
                    Warp 9   6561 times the speed of light

                COMMONLY USED ACRONYMS IN STAR TREK CONFERENCES

         c - The speed of light (186,000 miles/sec (300,000 km/sec))
         G - Grin
         LA - Laughing Aloud
         RA - Richard Arnold
         SD - Star Date
         ST - Star Trek
         WF - Warp Factor
         ;-) - Smiley face. There are many variations
         BJO - Bjo "Bee-joe" Trimble, author of Concordance
         BOP - Bird Of Prey
         BTW - By The Way
         FTL - Faster Than Light
         IDF - interial dampening field
         ILM - Industrial Light and Magic
         IMO - In My Opinion
         KHP - Klingon Home Planet (since TPTB refuse to give it a name)
         LOL - Laughing Out Loud
         MIE - main impulse engine
         NCC - Naval Construction Contract
         O&S - Okuda and Sternbach (authors of TNG Technical Manual
         POV - Point of View
         RPG - Role Playing Game
         SFA - Star Fleet Academy
         SFX - Special Effect
         TAS - The Animated Series
         TFF - The Final Frontier (Star Trek 5)
         TNG - The Next Generation
         TMP - The Motion Picture (Star Trek 1)
         TOS - The Original Series
         TUC - The Undiscovered Country (Star Trek 6)
         TVH - The Voyage Home (Star Trek 4)
         UFP - United Federation of Planets
         USS - United Space Ship
         W10 - Warp 10 infinite speed
         YAR - Yet Another Rumor
         FASA - FAntaSimulations Associates
         GMTA - Great Minds Think Alike
         IDIC - Infinite diversity in infinite combinations
         IMHO - In my humble opinion
         LLAP - Live Long And Prosper
         OTOH - On The Other Hand
         TPTB - The Powers That Be (usually referring to GR or Paramount)
         TSFS - The Search for Spock (Star Trek 3)
         TTFN - Ta Ta For Now
         TTYL - Talk To Ya Later
         TWOK - The Wrath of Kahn (Star Trek 2)
         YATI - Yet Another Trek Inconsistancy
         BOBW1 - Best of Both Worlds part 1 (Season Finale for third season)
         BOBW2 - Conclusion to Best of Both Worlds
         CANON - what Roddenberry/Paramount decides is "real" Trek. Gene has
                 already declared every novel (including the one(s) he
                 wrote) to be non-canon.
         IMOGR - In Memory of Gene Roddenberry
         ROTBA - Reality On the Blink Again
         ROTFL - Rolling On The Floor Laughing
         TNGTM - The Next Generation Technical Manual
         VISOR - Visual Instrument and Sensory Organ Replacement
         VISOR - VIsual Sensory Optical Reflector
         TEASER - the short scene that comes before the opening credits.
         TGBOTG - The Great Bird Of The Galaxy (Roddenberry)
         TRAILER - previews (commercials) for the next EXCITING episode.


                                  CONVENTIONS

         If yot want information about the following conventions. call
         (516) SHOWMAN.

         Pittsburgh: March 7-8. Pittsburgh Sheraton Square with Marina
         Sirtis.

         Montreal: March 21-22. Montreal Sheraton Downton.

         Los Angeles: March 27-29. Los Angeles Bonaventure Hotel. 5th
         Anniversary Salute to Star Trek The Next Generation with
         Patrick Stewart, Brent Spiner, Jonathan Frakes, Gates
         McFadden, Marina Sirtis, Levar Burton, Wil Wheaton, Michael
         Dorn, Majel Barrett Roddenberry.

         Edmonton: March 28-29. Coast Terrace Inn with Nichelle
         Nichols.

         Regina, Canada: Apr 11-12. Hotel Sasketchewan with Nichelle
         Nichols.

         Boston: April 11-12. Hynes Center with Patrick Stewart.

         New Haven: April 12. Park Plaza Hotel with Patriock Stewart.

         San Francisco: April 25-26. Cow Palace.

         Dearborn: April 25-26. Dearborn Civic Center.

         Los Angeles: May 16-17. Fango Weekend of Horrors. Hyatt Hotel
         with guest Dario Argenta.

         Minneapolis: May 16-17. Convention Center. (Tentative).

         Cincinnati: May 23-24. Convention Center with Gates McFadden.

         Valley Forge: June 20-21. Convention Center.

         Buffalo: June 20-21. Radisson (Formerly the Ramada
         Renaissance) with Gates McFadden.

         Manhattan: June 27-28. Ramada Hotel.

         Manchester, NH: July 11-12. Holiday Inn.

         Portland, Oregon: July 11-12. Holliday Inn Airport with
         Jonathan Frakes.

         Dearborn: July 25-26. Civic Center.

         Reno: Aug 8-9. Pioneer Center.

         Manhattan: Aug 29-30. Ramada Hotel. Annual Show.


                                   STARBASES

              Granite Cities Best          Higher Powered BBS
              (612) 654-8372               (408) 737-9447
              St.  Cloud, Mn.              Sunnyvale, Ca.
              SysOp Christine Blount       SysOp Bob Jacobson

              Intelec  Online              The Rat Trap
              (516) 867-4447               (801) 561-5025
              Baldwin, NY.                 West Jordan, Utah
              SysOp Cliff Watkins          SysOp Marty Greenlief

              Strawberry Patch             America Online
              (606) 432-0879
              Pikeville, Ky.
              SysOp Terry West

              Cyber Space
              (206) 248-7647
              Seattle, Wa.
              SysOp Michael Brunk

                                   ABOUT SSN

         Sub  Space  News is not affiliated with Paramount, nor any of
         the actors  within  Star  Trek,  and  Paramount  retains  the
         copyrights to any registered logo I may use.

         I have been a fan of Star Trek since 1967, and I am a serious
         trekker. In fact, I read 6 Star Trek  conferences,  and  host
         three of them.

         I  host  the  Intelec,  Smart  Net,  and  Lite Link Star Trek
         conferences. I participate in the U'NI net, Ilink,  and  RIME
         Star  Trek  conferences as well. If you have access to any of
         these nets, leave a message to Bill Lambdin, and I  will  get
         back to you. If you have access to America Online, my  screen
         name there is "Geordi1701"

         I   am   dedicating   this  publication  in  memory  of  Gene
         Roddenberry, and to his ideals for the future.

         Live long and prosper.

                          HAILING FREQUENCIES CLOSED

