Hello

I must appologize for this issue of SSN not meeting your
expectations.

Ihave been very busy of late, and not had the necessary time
to work on SSN

Experiencing a recent disk crash didn't help either. I lost
an article written ny K.S. Chang on the rank hierarchy
aboard trhe Enterprise.

I hope the next issue will be better.

I have included a data base of all TNG episodes in the
Windows Card file format. If you don't like Windows. There
are utilities on BBSs that will convert these card files to
ascii.

W.H. Lambdin
                    "Bill's Bogus Star Trek Journey"
                                   or
          "What's Wrong in American Business and How to Fix It"

                          by William Stone, III

                Copyright (C) 1991 by William Stone, III

Star Trek(TM) and Star Trek(TM): The Next Generation(R) are registered
trademarks of Paramount Pictures Corporation and are used without
permission.  No infringement is intended.

Permission to download, upload, reprint, or otherwise freely distribute
this article is hereby granted and encouraged, provided the author's name
and all copyright notices are retained.

_________________________________________________________________________

A couple of years ago, I had an idea.

I talked it over with a lot of people, and they agreed that it was a good
idea.  It seemed that it was potentially very lucrative Let's see what you
think.

My idea was a Star Trek database not unlike THE STAR TREK CONCORDANCE by
Bjo Trimble.

Ms. Trimble's book is an excellent work, the definitive Star Trek
reference of its time.  Since it was written, five (shortly six) Star Trek
movies have premiered and we're about to enter the fifth season of Star
Trek: The Next Generation.  The book can't help but be woefully out of
date.  Additionally, there is a whole new generation of younger Star Trek
fans who've never heard of it.  It has been fifteen years since it last
saw print.

I first imagined simply an updated printed Concordance, but quickly
dismissed the idea.  Such a book could easily weigh five or ten pounds,
and I simply wasn't up to the task of producing something that large.

( Much later, while reading FidoNet's TREK echo, I discovered that
moderator Marshall Presnell had been thinking along similar lines.  Where
I had turned away from a book in abject terror, he had embraced it.  In
fact, his version of the project - different from mine in many important
respects - might be more inclusive of certain items.  The sheer size and
enormous work he took on in writing a printed work astounds me to this
day. )

A computer database seemed far more workable.  I have a lot of experence
with problem-solving, though little with languages beyond BASIC - which I
judged to be inappropriate for the task.

I taught myself C - at least as much as I could.  I started getting
FidoNet's C_ECHO as a source for tutors.  I wrote a lot of code.  Just
when it began to look like an impossible task, I stumbled over a copy of
Matrix Layout, a desktop programming environment and code generator.
Layout reduced my coding problems to simple logic errors.  If you can find
a copy, I heartily recommend grabbing it as fast as you can - if for no
other reason than its impressive DOS shell.  My father-in-law (a Mac GUI
die-hard who works for Motorola) actually had something nice to say about
my computer when he saw the Layout shell.

But I digress.  Suffice to say that using Layout, the interface for an
object-oriented, fully relational database was up and running flawlessly
in less than two months of spare time work.

I call it "Memory Alpha - The Star Trek Encyclopedia on Disk".

Here's how it works: from the DOS command prompt, simply type "MA".  An
opening screen (which can be cirumvented if the user so desires) pops up
showing the Federation seal from NextGen.  The program name appears,
followed by the PC speaker whistling a couple of bars from the original
Star Trek fanfare (I intended to add SoundBlaster and/or Adlib support in
future versions).

Using the pull-down menus, you can select browse or search options from a
variety of database files.  For example, the "Episode" file contains a
complete episode listing (original, movies, and NextGen) current to the
release date of the program.  It shows stardates, original air dates,
running times, etc.  Accessable from the "Episode" file (either by using
the pull-down menus, hotkeys, or clicking an icon) are the "Credits",
"Synopsis", and "Encyclopedia" files.  "Credits" opens a window showing
the prodoction credits for the episode, "Synopsis" gives a
60-lines-or-less description of what happened in the episode, and
"Encyclopedia" displays any new or interesting props, hardware, software,
people, places, or things used or mentioned in the episode.  Attached to
the "Encyclopedia" file (by menu, hotkey, or icon) is the "Illustrations"
file.  By simply clicking on an icon, you could get a VGA-resolution
picture of whatever the encyclopedia was describing (if applicable).

For example, there are nine different VGA-level resolution pictures
attached to the Encyclopedia entry on "Phaser": the phaser used in "Where
No Man Has Gone Before", the phaser rifle from the same episode, hand
phasers type one and two from Classic Trek, the phaser from ST-TMP, the
phaser used in ST2-4, and the three types of phaser seen to date in
NextGen. 

You can access any of the different datafiles at any time for search or
browse.  You can search by any number of criteria: episode name, air date,
stardate, item name, illustration name, a name in the credits of an
episode or movie.  "Memory Alpha" will come up with the closest match and
display it.

Memory Alpha will run on any MS-, PC-, DR-DOS computer with 256k of
memory, Hercules, CGA, EGA, or VGA graphics and a hard drive.  You'll not
appreciate the full quality of the graphics without VGA.

My father (realizing that I was serious about the project after I spent
last Thanksgiving scanning over 200 images with his handscanner) bought me
a Logitech ScanMan Plus for Christmas.  I now have several hundred
graphics files in the database.  They've all been meticulously "cleaned
up" and colored using PC-Paintbrush IV+.

Early this year, I was at a point where I had a working Beta-test copy of
Memory Alpha.  I decided it was time to contact Paramount about a
merchandising license.  After all, none of this work would do me any good
if I was unable to market the program.

I originally concieved of Memory Alpha as being marketed as Shareware.
For anyone who may be new to computing, Shareware involves the author
uploading a copy of their program to a computer bulletin board service or
mainframe (such as CompuServe).  The potential user downloads it, uses it
for some period of time, and if they find it useful or enjoyable, registers
it with the author.  Registration is usually a minimal fee.  In Memory
Alpha's case, I intended to set the registration fee at $20-$30.
Shareware has been responsible for such unqualified success stories as
PKWare (authors of the PKZIP compression programs), Buttonware (PCFILE,
PCWRITE, PCCALC), and Datastorm (PROCOMM).

When I contacted Paramount, I learned that a Chicago-based company -
Konami, Inc. - already held exclusive license to all Star Trek software.
However, the Paramount merchandising attorney with whom I spoke told me
that when he spoke with Konami, they were enthusiastic about the
possibility of making a deal with me to publish Memory Alpha.

I spoke with Konami representatives several times, culminating in a
meeting in which I gave them my beta-test copy of Memory Alpha for
evaluation.  I also signed a legal document which said that they wouldn't
steal my idea.

About three weeks of silence followed.  By talking with Paramount and a
couple of people at Konami, I discovered that until my program Konami's
sole focus had been game software.  I had recognized their name as one of
the largest producers of Nintendo games.  When Paramount gave them the
software contact, they assumed Konami would only be selling games.  Konami
assumed they could sell whatever they wanted to.  Paramount (and I) didn't
think Memory Alpha could really fall under the heading of "game", though
it is clearly recreational.  Paramount, therefore, wanted to negotiate a
whole new contact with Konami - which would involve another licensing fee.
Konami wasn't too keen on this idea.  They eventually compromised.  It was
a compromise I didn't like.

Konami claimed that their market research showed little interest in a Star
Trek database.  I claimed that if this was true, their market research was
flawed.  After all, Konami has a lot of expertise in selling Nintendo
games, but no experience at all in selling databases.  The two markets are
decidedly separate.  Nintendo games are played mostly by young kids and
teenagers, and Memory Alpha would be targeted at teens and above.

In any case, Konami's compromise with Paramount was that they would
continue under the current contract, but Paramount would recieve a new
licensing fee.  Konami was unwilling to pay that fee, ostensibly on the
basis of their market research.  They were willing to market Memory Alpha
if I paid the licensing fee.

The fee was $10,000.  That's slightly more than half of my total income
for 1990.  When I told Konami this, I was politely told they were no
longer interested, but I should see them again when I have a project that
doesn't require such overhead.

I didn't give up at this point.  What I needed was some kind of angle to
get around Konami's contract to market Star Trek software.  Since my
minimal legal experience tells me that 90% of the contract is in the
wording, what I needed to do was come up with a way to call Memory Alpha
something other than software.

I called it a hypertext document.  

In fact, the line between straight database and hypertext document was
already somewhat blurred, considering Memory Alpha's interface.  With a
little modification, I could make that line extremely hazy.  Hazy enough
to get me my own merchandising contract.

When I thought about it, I realized that there was no reason to limit
myself to publishing just this one hypertext document.  Theoretically,
there was no reason I couldn't ask for a license to sell ANY Star Trek
hypertext (or for that matter, straight-ASCII text) document, as long as
it remained in electronic form.  As far as I knew, it wouldn't interfere
with Pocket Books' contract to publish printed Star Trek material.

I pitched the idea to Paramount: I would start an electronic publishing
house, S3 Enterprises.  I would sell original Star Trek books,
short-stories, electronic artwork, etc.  I'd pay my authors.  Memory Alpha
would be the flagship of the line.  I worked up a couple of new story
concepts which would be indiginous to this line.  All this would be
marketed as Shareware, thus allowing Paramount an inroad to fan fiction.

Paramount was ecstatic about the idea.  The Paramount attorney had
expressed his dismay with Star Trek fans from producing fiction, artwork,
models, etc. all these years and not paying a licensing fee.  On one
memorable occasion, he was rather vulgar in his choice of adjectives about
Star Trek fans.  This seemed a somewhat short-sighted attitude, but as I
was in a business negotiation, I kept my mouth shut.

( Aside: At this point, some people are going to wonder whether or not
this attorney was Richard Arnold.  He was emphatically NOT.  I never met
with Richard Arnold and never spoke with him.  His name was never
specifically mentioned.  When we briefly spoke about how much creative
control Paramount would have over the projects, I assumed that Arnold
might be one of the reviewers that would be assigned to me.  It was never
specifically stated, and I didn't feel it was important to ask.  It is my
understanding, confirmed by my negotiations with Paramount, that Richard
Arnold's duties do not include the granting or denying of merchandising
rights. )

The Paramount attorney suggested I do a bit of test-marketing.  With that
in mind, I announced the project's intentions on America Online and sent
out a few flyers.  The response was immediate and very positive.  I
started getting story and article submissions immediately.

The idea was pitched to a larger body consisting of Paramount's
subsidiaries and sister companies.  This included Simon and Shuster, the
publishing firm that is the parent company of Pocket Books.

Simon and Shuster thought the idea of electronic publishing was good.
They thought the idea of anyone other than a Simon and Shuster firm
publishing them was bad.  Paramount's attorney reported to me that S&S
showed "HUGE" resistence to the idea.

That was that.  Maybe.

I contacted a Chicago copyright attorney and asked him if there was a way
I could publish Memory Alpha without violating Paramount's copyright.  He
felt that I'd definitely have to dump all the copyrighted graphics files.
That wasn't an insurmountable problem, because I could add a function to
Memory Alpha that would allow the user to add graphics files themselves.
If they happened to add copyrighted images to their own personalized
database for their own use, it wasn't my fault.

A Library of Congress search revealed a list of items as long as my arm
that are either trademarks of or copyrighted by Paramount.  These include
such esoteric things as the words "Captain James T. Kirk", "Starship USS
Enterprise", "Dr. Leonard 'Bones' McCoy", "Mr. Spock", "Star Trek", "Star
Trek: The Next Generation", etc.  The list of items I'd be forced to leave
out of Memory Alpha or face possible legal action was tremendous.

You should understand the implications of some of the copyrights Paramount
holds.  For example, any U.S. citizen named James T. Kirk (an unlikely
event, I grant you, but possible) who attains the military rank of
"Captain" would be in violation of Paramount's copyright.  Whether such a
suit could be won is doubtful.  Nevertheless, Captain James T. Kirk, USMC
would theoretically be in violation of Federal copyright statutes.

Similarly, if Dr. Benjamin Spock's son wishes to be addressed as "Mr.
Spock", he would theoretically be in violation of Federal law.

While wading through the complicated morass of copyright entanglements, it
occurred to me that this was a serious problem.  Copyrights were
originally intended to protect inventors from people or companies who
might steal their inventions.  They were intended to keep people from
getting hurt, and thereby encourage invention and innovation.

What happened is that large corporations such as Paramount (or Microsoft or
Apple) convinced the Federal government that corporations were the same as
people.  Since they were people, they should be allowed to hold
copyrights.  Hence Paramount's list of copyrighted/trademarked words and
the Apple/Microsoft "Look-and-feel" suit.

A corporation is NOT a person.  Allowing a coporation to hold copyrights
DIScourages innovation rather than ENcourages it.  I'd never risk writing
a GUI that "looks-and-feels" like the Mac for fear of being sued by Apple.
They'd slaughter me.  They're a billion-dollar-a-year company, and I'm a
$20,000-a-year employee.

The same is true of Memory Alpha.  Paramount can't be hurt if I published
it.  I'm not even using the characters in an innovative way.  I'm simply
reporting things that have already been seen on public airwaves.

I'll never risk publishing Memory Alpha because I don't have the resources
to fight a copyright suit from Paramount.  I'd be slaughtered.

If the Federal government wants to make copyrights work properly, they
should only allow the originators of an idea to hold the
patent/copyright/trademark.  This includes employees of large
corporations. 

Who came up with the underlying code behind Mircosoft Windows?  Bill
Gates?  No.  But he's the guy who makes the most money from the product.
Why?  Because Microsoft - not the inventors of Windows - hold the
copyright.  All they have to pay the people working on Windows is fifty to
a hundred k a year.

It's wrong.  It discourages innovation, invention, and imagination.

In my particular case, it means that I'm going to do one of two things
with Memory Alpha.  I'm not happy about either option.

1.)  Release it into the public domain with a request for donations. 

2.)  Forget about it.

As this point, I'm tired of the fight.  I'm inclined to forget about the
whole thing and move on to something easier.  The idea of making it
freeware galls me, because two years worth of hard work went into it, not
the least of which was learning a new computer language.

Additionally, I look like an idiot on America Online.  On the basis of
Paramount's suggestion, I asked for suggestions and submissions for an
idea I'll no longer be able to follow through on.

My next project is a nice integrated package designed for use in a
psychology practice.  My father (a clinical psychologist with his won
practice) is paying me to use it himself, and he seems to feel that I
might be able to cut into the integrated medical package market with it.
Most medical packages are overkill and overspending for psychology
practices. 

Most importantly, I don't have to deal with any legal restrictions.  The
idea and implementation is mine alone.



                           William Stone, III
                           137 Golfview Drive
                       Glendale Heights, IL 60139

                         FidoNet:   1:115/439.4
                        America Online:   WRStone

                        Data compiled by Scott Hollifield

What follows is a TNG reference compendium I've compiled which lists
all the planets, star systems, and other locations in the TNG universe
which have been named on the show.  I've tried to be as comprehensive
as possible, but if you notice any I've missed, please notify me.
This file is only updated through stardate 45208 ("The Game").  I
haven't had the time to compile similiar information from the newer
episodes. Later this season, I'll update this reference list.  Also,
the spelling of some of the locations is not Paramount-approved
beginning with the fourth season episodes, for which I had only the
shows to go by; I did try to be as phonetically sensible as I could.
Each listing is referenced by episode name; the notation "passim" means
that the listing can be found in a number of episodes.

Finally, this file is QUITE long; I expect it to stretch over five
100-line messages.  If you have no interest in reading or capturing
this list, please skip this message and the next four after it.



===PLANETS=======

 'aucdet Nine ("The Child")
 Acamar Three ("The Vengeance Factor")
 Achrady Seven ("Captain's Holiday")
 Actos Four ("Manhunt")
 Adelphus Four ("Data's Day")
 Alcyone ("Haven")
 Aldea ("When The Bough Breaks")
 Aldron Four ("Coming of Age")
 Alpha Centauri ("Elementary, Dear Data")
 Alpha Cygnus Nine ("Sarek")
 Alpha Leonis ("The Vengeance Factor")
 Alpha Onias Three ("Future Imperfect")
 Altair Three ("Encounter At Farpoint")
 Andor ("The Child")
 Angel One ("Angel One")
 Angosia ("The Hunted")
 Antede Three ("Manhunt")
 Antica ("Lonely Among Us")
 Archer Four ("Yesterday's Enterprise")
 Arloph Nine ("The Neutral Zone")
 Armus Nine ("Angel One")
 Asphia ("Angel One")
 Atlek ("The Outragous Okona")
 Aveda Three ("The Arsenal Of Freedom")
 Barzan Two ("The Price")
 Beltane Nine ("Coming of Age")
 Benzar ("A Matter of Honor")
 Beta Agni Two ("The Most Toys")
 Beta Delta One ("Evolution")
 Beta Lankel ("Redemption II")
 Beta Thoridar ("Redemption I")
 Betazed (passim)
 Betz Kupsik ("The Icarus Factor")
 Bre'el Four ("Deja Q")
 Brekka ("Symbiosis")
 Bringloid ("Up The Long Ladder")
 Browder Four ("Allegiance")
 Bynaus ("11001001")
 Canus Two ("Legacy")
 Cardelia ("Night Terrors")
 Cerberus Three ("Too Short A Season")
 Chalna ("Allegiance")
 Chandra Five ("Tin Man")
 Chaya Seven ("Booby Trap")
 Coltair Four ("We'll Always Have Paris")
 Cor Caroli Five ("Allegiance")
 Coridan ("Sarek")
 Daled Four ("The Dauphin")
 Delb Two ("The Drumhead")
 Delos Two ("Remember Me")
 Delphi Ardu ("The Last Outpost")
 Deneb Four ("Encounter At Farpoint")
 Deneus Three ("Contagion")
 Drema Four ("Pen Pals", "Family")
 Dulula Two ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 2")
 Durenia Four ("Remember Me")
 Dytalix-B ("Conspiracy")
 Earth (passim)
 Elidrel Four ("Darmok")
 Emila Two ("A Matter of Perspective")
 Ennan Six ("Time Squared")
 Evadne Four ("Clues")
 Farlet Three ("Silicon Avatar")
 Gagarin Four ("Unnatural Selection")
 Galen Four ("Suddenly Human")
 Galon Two ("Ensign Ro")
 Galor Four ("The Offspring")
 Galorndon Core ("The Enemy", "The Defector")
 Galos Two ("Darmok")
 Galvan Five ("Data's Day")
 Gamelan Five ("Final Mission")
 Gamma Eridon ("Redemption II")
 Gamma Hromi Two ("The Vengeance Factor")
 Gamma Tauri Four ("The Last Outpost")
 Gault ("Heart of Glory")
 Gemaris Five ("Captain's Holiday")
 Ghorusda ("Tin Man")
 Gonel Four ("Disaster")
 Gravesworld ("The Schizoid Man")
 Hali ("Heart of Glory")
 Harakis Five ("Clues")
 Haven ("Haven")
 Iconia ("Contagion")
 Icor Nine ("Captain's Holiday")
 Illicon ("We'll Always Have Paris")
 Iraatan Five ("The Most Toys")
 Isis Three ("Too Short A Season")
 Jarada ("The Big Goodbye")
 Jaros Two ("Ensign Ro")
 Jouret Four ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 1")
 Jupiter ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 2")
 Kabatris ("Angel One")
 Kaelon Two ("Half A Life")
 Kastel One ("Suddenly Human")
 Kavis Alpha Four ("Evolution")
 Kenda Two ("Remember Me")
 Khitomer (passim)
 Klavdia Three ("The Dauphin")
 Kling ("Heart of Glory")
 Klingon homeworld ("Sins of the Father")
 Koinoinia ("The Bonding")
 Konda Four ("Darmok")
 Laliah Four ("Galaxy's Child")
 Lappa Four ("Menage A Troi")
 Legara Four ("Sarek")
 Ligon Two ("Code of Honor")
 Lunar Five ("The Hunted")
 Lya Four ("The Most Toys")
 Lya Three ("The Defector", "The Hunted")
 M-Zed Five ("Heart of Glory")
 Magus Three ("Night Terrors")
 Malcor Three ("First Contact")
 Malkis Nine ("Loud As A Whisper")
 Manu Three ("Legacy")
 Marajeritus Six ("Manhunt")
 Mariposa ("Up The Long Ladder")
 Marishi Four ("Darmok")
 Mars (passim)
 Mazreldine ("The Icarus Factor")
 Melindi Seven ("Darmok")
 Melona Four ("Silicon Avatar")
 Micromius ("11001001")
 Minos ("The Arsenal of Freedom")
 Mintaka Three ("Who Watches The Watchers", "Allegiance")
 Miridian Six ("Future Imperfect")
 Mizar Two ("Allegiance")
 Mordan Four ("Too Short A Season")
 Mrinkus Five ("The Loss")
 Mudo Five ("Disaster")
 Nahmi Four ("Hollow Pursuits")
 Narendra Three ("Yesterday's Enterprise", "Redemption II")
 Nelvana Three ("The Defector")
 Novachron ("The Child")
 Oceania Four ("The Game")
 Ogus Two ("Brothers")
 Omicron Pascal ("11001001")
 Omicron Theta Four ("Datalore", "Brothers", "Silicon Avatar")
 Opraline ("Symbiosis")
 Orelious Nine ("Booby Trap")
 Ornara ("Symbiosis")
 Otar Two ("The Offspring")
 Pacifica ("Conspiracy", "Manhunt")
 Parliament ("Lonely Among Us")
 Peliar Zel ("The Host")
 Pelus Five ("11001001")
 Pentarus Five ("Final Mission")
 Pentarus Three ("Final Mission")
 Pentarus Two ("Final Mission")
 Persephone Five ("Too Short A Season")
 Practel Two ("In Theory")
 Quadra Sigma Three ("Hide and Q")
 Quazulu Eight ("Angel One")
 Ramatis Three ("Loud As A Whisper")
 Rana Four ("The Survivors")
 Rayna Six ("Q Who")
 Relva Seven ("Coming of Age")
 Ridal Four ("Half A Life")
 Risa ("Captain's Holiday", "Qpid", "In The Mind's Eye", "The Game")
 Romulus ("The Defector", "Redemption II")
 Rousseau Five ("The Dauphin")
 Rubicam Three ("Justice")
 Rutia Four ("The High Ground")
 Sarona Eight ("We'll Always Have Paris")
 Sarthon Five ("Qpid")
 Sarthong Five ("Captain's Holiday")
 Selay ("Lonely Among Us")
 Sentinel Minor Four ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 1")
 Septimis Minor ("The Ensigns of Command")
 Setlik Three ("The Wounded")
 Shantil Three ("Darmok")
 Shelius ("The Ensigns of Command")
 Sirrie Four ("The Most Toys")
 Solarian Four ("Ensign Ro")
 Soleis Five ("Loud As A Whisper")
 Streleb ("The Outragous Okona")
 Strnad ("Justice")
 Styris Four ("Code of Honor")
 Surata Four ("Shades of Gray")
 Tagus Three ("Qpid")
 Tanuga Four ("A Matter of Perspective")
 Tarella ("Haven")
 Tarod Nine ("The Neutral Zone")
 Tarsus Three ("11001001")
 Tarchannen Three ("Identity Crisis")
 Tau Alpha C ("Where No One Has Gone Before", "Remember Me")
 Tau Ceti Three ("Conspiracy")
 Tau Cygna Five ("The Ensigns of Command")
 Telaria ("Heart of Glory")
 Telenarius Four ("In Theory")
 Tethis Three ("Clues")
 Thalos Seven ("The Dauphin")
 Thandaus Five ("Loud As A Whisper")
 Theta Eight ("The Royale")
 T'llli Beta ("The Loss")
 Torona Four ("The Big Goobye")
 Tosma Five ("Darmok")
 Tra'nusah ("A Matter of Honor")
 Turkana Four ("Legacy")
 Vagra Two ("Skin of Evil", "Legacy")
 Valo One ("Ensign Ro")
 Valo Three ("Ensign Ro")
 Valo Two ("Ensign Ro")
 Vandor Four ("We'll Always Have Paris")
 Velara Three ("Home Soil")
 Ventax Two ("Devil's Due")
 Vulcan ("Sarek")
 Vulcana Regar ("Coming of Age")
 Xerxes Seven ("When The Bough Breaks")
 Zaldan ("Coming of Age")
 Zalkon ("Tranfigurations")
 Zedak Four ("When The Bough Breaks")
 Zeta Alpha Two ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 1")
 Zibalia ("The Most Toys")
 Zytchin Three ("Captain's Holiday")


===STAR SYSTEMS=======

 Alpha Omicron system ("Galaxy's Child")
 Argo system ("Silicon Avatar")
 Beta Cassius system ("Haven")
 Beta Magellan system ("11001001")
 Beta Renner system ("Lonely Among Us")
 Beta Stromgren ("Tin Man")
 Boratis system ("The Emissary")
 Braslota system ("Peak Performance")
 Calrabi system ("The Wounded")
 Cornelian system ("Where Silence Has Lease")
 Crucis system ("The Drumhead")
 Delos system ("Symbiosis")
 Delta Rana system ("The Survivors")
 Diamidian system ("Clues")
 Endicor system ("Time Squared")
 Epsilon Mynos system ("When The Bough Breaks")
 Gamma Origulon system ("Reunion")
 Garth system ("First Contact")
 Guernica system ("Galaxy's Child")
 Hayashi system ("Tin Man")
 Kazis system ("The Neutral Zone")
 K'Lon system ("The Nth Degree")
 Kleone system ("The Game")
 Kriosian system ("In The Mind's Eye")
 Lima Sierra system ("Loud As A Whisper")
 Maxia Zeta system ("The Battle")
 Memfa system ("Redemption II")
 Mira system ("Conspiracy")
 Nel Bato system ("The Most Toys")
 Obie system ("The Child")
 Omega Sagitta 12 system ("The Outrageous Okona")
 Omicron system ("Manhunt")
 Pegos Minor system ("We'll Always Have Paris")
 Pheban system ("A Matter of Honor")
 Praxillus system ("Half A Life")
 Quaayar system ("The Wounded")
 Rachelis system ("The Child")
 Rhemuvan system ("Night Terrors")
 Sigma Erani system ("The Most Toys")
 System J-25 ("Q Who", "The Best of Both Worlds Part 1")
 Theta 116 system ("The Royale")
 Triangulum system ("The Survivors")
 T-tauri system ("Clues")
 Xanthras system ("Menage A Troi")
 Zendi Sabu system ("The Battle")

===STARBASES=======

 Starbase 6  (The Schizoid Man)
 Starbase 12  (Conspiracy, Captain's Holiday)
 Starbase 14  (Code of Honor)
 Starbase 24  (Sins of the Father, Redemption)
 Starbase 36  (In The Mind's Eye)
 Starbase 45  (Too Short A Season)
 Starbase 67  (Disaster, The Game)
 Starbase 73  (Time Squared, Up The Long Ladder, Reunion)
 Starbase 74  (11001001)
 Starbase 82  (The Game)
 Starbase 83  (Q Who)
 Starbase 84  (Heart of Glory)
 Starbase 103  (Arsenal of Freedom)
 Starbase 105  (Yesterday's Enterprise)
 Starbase 112  (Identity Crisis)
 Starbase 121  (Hollow Pursuits)
 Starbase 123  (Tin Man)
 Starbase 133  (The Survivors, Remember Me)
 Starbase 152  (Tin Man)
 Starbase 153  (The Emissary)
 Starbase 157  (Best of Both Worlds)
 Starbase 173  (Measure of a Man, Q Who)
 Starbase 179  (A Matter of Honor)
 Starbase 185  (Q Who)
 Starbase 211  (The Wounded)
 Starbase 220  (Night Terrors)
 Starbase 234  (Redemption II)
 Starbase 268  (In Theory)
 Starbase 313  (Galaxy's Child)
 Starbase 324  (Best of Both Worlds)
 Starbase 336  (The Emissary)
 Starbase 343  (The Vengeance Factor)
 Starbase 410  (Clues)
 Starbase 416  (Brothers)
 Starbase 718  (The Neutral Zone)
 Starbase Zendi 9  (The Battle)
 Starbase 39 Sierre  (The Neutral Zone)
 Starbase Scylla 515  (The Samaritan Snare, The Final Mission)
 Starbase G6  (Hide & Q)
 Starbase Montgomery  (The Icarus Factor)


===STATIONS==========

 Argus Array ("The Nth Degree")
 Astral-Five Annex ("Booby Trap")
 Delta-05 science station ("The Neutral Zone")
 Darwin Genetic Research Station ("Unnatural Selection")
 Lya Station Alpha ("Ensign Ro")
 Nigala-IV Station ("Deja Q")
 Science Station 402 ("The Nth Degree")
 Star Station India ("Unnatural Selection")
 Station McKinley ("The Drumhead")
 Station Salem One ("The Enemy")
 Tango Sierra ("The Child")
 Tanuga Research Station ("A Matter of Perspective")


===OUTPOSTS==========

 Jupiter Outpost 92 ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 2")
 Krassner Outpost ("Suddenly Human")
 Norkan Outposts ("The Defector")
 Outpost Seran-T-1 ("Booby Trap")
 Sierra Six Outpost ("The Defector")


===STAR CLUSTERS=====

 Berusian cluster ("Devil's Due")
 Brectian cluster ("Silicon Avatar")
 Hromi cluster ("The Vengeance Factor")
 Idini cluster ("Too Short A Season")
 Lorenze cluster ("The Arsenal Of Freedom", "The Child")
 Zeta Gelis cluster ("Transfigurations")
 Pheonix cluster ("The Game")
 Pleiades cluster ("Home Soil")


===SECTORS & QUADRANTS==========

 Cardassian Sector ("The Wounded")
 Delta Quadrant ("The Price")
 Ficus Sector ("Up The Long Ladder")
 Gamma Quandrant ("The Price")
 Gamma Seven Sector ("Unnatural Selection")
 Kavis Alpha Sector ("Evolution")
 Menfa sector ("Redemption")
 Morgana Quadrant ("The Child", "Where Silence Has Lease")
 Oneamisu Sector ("Peak Performance")
 Onias Sector ("Future Imperfect")
 Romboi Dronegar Sector 006 ("Samaritan Snare")
 Sector 001 ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 2")
 Sector 30 ("The Neutral Zone")
 Sector 31 ("The Neutral Zone")
 Sector 63 ("Conspiracy")
 Sector 396 ("The Offspring")
 Sector 9569 ("Transfigurations")
 Sector 21503 ("The Wounded")
 Sector 21505 ("The Wounded")
 Sector 21947 ("Suddenly Human")
 Selcundi Drema Sector ("Pen Pals")
 Vega Omicron Sector ("The Icarus Factor")


===NEBULAE & SIMILIAR PHENOMENA=====

 Crab Nebula ("Manhunt")
 Gamma Erandi Nebula ("Menage A Troi")
 Ordek Nebula ("Allegiance")
 Outer Cometary Cloud ("Sins of the Father")
 Paulson Nebula ("The Best of Both Worlds Part 1")
 Proto-Star Cloud ("A Matter of Perspective")
 Mar Obscura nebula ("In Theory")
 Ngame nebula ("Clues")


===PULSARS & QUASARS=======

 Lonka pulsar ("Allegiance")
 Murasaki quasar ("Data's Day")


===ASTEROID BELTS & OTHER AREAS OF CHARTED SPACE=========

 de Laure Belt ("The Ensigns of Command")
 Deltived asteroid belt ("Deja Q")
 Denkiri Arm ("The Price")
 Galaxy M-33 ("Where No One Has Gone Before")
 Giles Belt ("The Most Toys")
 Neutral Zone (passim)
 Selimi asteroid belt ("The Offspring")
 Wolf 359 ("The Best of Both Worlds Parts 1-2")
 Icanian asteroid belt ("In The Mind's Eye")
 
                        Ken Aitchison's Acronym list
         Please Note: * denotes a very frequently used acronym or term.

     UNIVERSAL ACRONYMS:
  SF - Science Fiction               * ST - Star Trek
* YA  - Yet Another                  * <G> - I am Grinning
* :-) - Smiley face (Many variations)  BTW - By The Way
  LOL - Laughing Out Loud              FYI - For Your Information
  IMO - In My Opinion                  POV - Point of View
  FWIW - For What It's Worth           GMTA - Great Minds Think Alike
  IMHO - In My Humble Opinion          OTOH - On The Other Hand
  TTFN - Ta Ta For Now                 TTYL - Talk (or Type) To You Later
  TTYS - Talk To Ya Soon             * ROTFL - Rolling On The Floor Laughing
  YADAF - YA Douglas Adams Fan       * <GD&R> - Grinning, Ducking & Running

     COMMON TERMS (not acronyms) we use here:
* CANON - what Roddenberry/Paramount decides is "official" Trek.
  TEASER - The part of then episode before the opening credits.
  R'NOLD - (Derogatory) Richard Arnold, Paramount's "Research Consultant"
  SPOILER - Discussions of shows/movies that would "ruin the plot" for some.
  TRAILER - A preview or commercial for an upcoming episode.

     SERIES and MOVIES:
  TAS - The Animated Series            TFF - ST V: The Final Frontier
  TFS - The Film Series                TMP - ST: The Motion Picture
* TNG - The Next Generation          * TOS - The Original Series
  TVH - ST IV: The Voyage Home         TUC - ST VI: The Undiscovered Country
  TWOK - ST II: The Wrath of Khan      TSFS - ST III: The Search for Spock

     EPISODES:
  RI - Redemption                      RII - Redemption II
  UI - Unification I                   UII - Unification II
  EAF - Encounter At Farpoint          BOBW - Best of Both Worlds
  WNMHGB - Where No Man Has Gone Before (TOS)
  WNOHGB - Where No One Has Gone Before (TNG)

    OTHER TREKRONYMS:
* E - Enterprise (EA = 1701-A, etc.)   EX - Excelsior
  GR - Gene Roddenberry                PT - Photon Torpedo
  SD - StarDate                        WF - Warp Factor
  BOP - Bird Of Prey                   ILM - Industrial Light and Magic
  NCC - Naval Construction Contract    RPG - Role Playing Game
  SFX - Special Effect(s)              SSN - (Something wonderful)
  TNZ - The Neutral Zone               UFP - United Federation of Planets
  USS - United Space Ship              IDIC - ì Diversity in ì Combinations
  LLAP - Live Long And Prosper         TPTB - The Powers That Be (Paramount)
* YATI - YA Trek Inconsistency         IMOGR - In memory of Gene Roddenberry
  ROTBA - Reality On the Blink Again   TNGTM - TNG Technical Manual
  TGBOTG - The Great Bird Of The Galaxy (Roddenberry, RIP)

    TREKNOLOGY:
  c - Speed of light (3 x 10^8 m/s)    TS - Time Stream
  FTL - Faster Than Light              O&S - (Mike) Okuda & (Rick) Sternbach
  IDF - Inertial Dampening Field       SIF - Structural Integrity Field
  W10 - Warp 10 (Infinite speed)       FASA - FAntaSimulations Associates
  F**A - (Derogatory) Same as FASA            (they put out Tech manuals)
  VISOR - Visual Instrument and Sensory Organ Replacement



                    S T A R   T R E K   T E C H N O L O G Y
                                         by Leon Myerson

COPYRIGHT 1988 by Leon Myerson - permission to download and reprint this
essay for free distribution within the ranks of Star Trek fandom is hereby
granted provided the author's name and this copyright notice are retained.
This essay may be periodically superceded by revised versions uploaded to
Data Library 2 of CompuServe's Science Fiction Forum.

    DISCLAIMER SECTION:  None of the ideas expressed in this essay are
"official".  All concepts put forth are solely my own opinions and
speculations, and as such, might be completely contradicted by "official"
Star Trek material issued in the future.  I have drawn as much as possible
upon the filmed Star Trek episodes and features, and refer to such
"references" as the Franz Joseph blueprints and Technical Manual, and to the
"Spaceflight Chronology" book, when I have found it useful to do so.  At
other times, I made it up.  This material and any companion essays I may
upload, are for the sole purpose of having fan-fun with the Star Trek
universe.  I have no connection whatsoever with ST:TNG or with Paramount, I
just like to speculate regarding futuristic science. -Leon.

    Warp numbers do not directly refer to speed, but to power.  Warp 1 is the
power level required to enter the warp continuum, and is known as Threshold
power.  Warp 2 is twice that power level, etc.  Fractional warp is simply
less than Threshold power while the ship, though traveling via warp field
effect, is still "in" the Einstein space-time continuum at sub-light speed.
The unit of power between whole warp factors for a given vessel is one
"Impulse", as in the ST:TNG episode "Conspiracy" when Geordi answers Riker's
command to increase from Warp 5 to Warp 6 by acknowledging the addition of
yet another full impulse to the power already coursing thru the warp
nacelles.
    The formula relating the Warp number W to velocity in terms of C is not
the hopelessly inadequate V = W^3.  In Trek Classic's very first episode the
Enterprise was seen at the edge of our galaxy.  Even assuming this to be the
near edge reached by going perpendicular to the galactic plane, it is still
at least 1500 light years from Earth.  At a cruising speed of Warp 6 = 216 C,
the ship would have spent at least 7 years getting out there, then 7 more
back.
    Nor would that formula fit the size of the United Federation of Planets'
Treaty Exploration Zone mapped in the "StarFleet Technical Manual".  This zone
was pictured as being approximately 12,000 light years in radius, with both
the Klingon and Romulan empires located at the rim some 60 degrees apart.
Clearly, Enterprise did not require an excess of 50 years to reach the neutral
zone.
    In the ST:TNG episode "Conspiracy", Picard and Riker confront the parasite
mother creature in the guise of Lt.  Cmdr.  Remmick as he/it sends a beacon to
the parasite beings' homeworld via StarFleet's own CommNet.  The 3-D map of
that network on the wall behind him fits almost perfectly the Treaty
Exploration Zone of the Trek Classic Era.

    Instead of V = W^3, velocity is defined by the sum of an infinite series
known as the 3rd-order Cochrane function, which is applicable to Tertiary
warp effect fields such as are utilized by major Federation vessels from the
Tritium class onward.  The first term of this series is the familiar W^3, the
second term is the integral of the first term, W^4/4, the third is the
integral of the second, W^5/20, and so on, ad infinitum.  Each term is the
integral of the preceding term.  Thus the common mistake so often made is to
quote only the first term of the series as if it were the entire function.
   The behavior of this series is such that the terms rise in value at
first, then become increasingly smaller so as to converge on a definite
value.  This may be calculated by the equivalent formula:

                   V =  6 * { e^W - [ (W^2)/2 + W + 1] }

where V = velocity, W = Warp factor, and e = base for natural logs 2.71828..

    When calculated in this manner, this function gives the following values:

                    Generated              Uncorrected
                       Power               Warp Speed x C

                           1                      1.31
                           2                     14.33
                           3                     69.51
                           4                    249.59
                           5                    779.48
                           6                   2270.57
                           7                   6384.80
                           8                  17639.75
                           9                  48315.50
                          10                 131792.79
                          11                 358809.85
                          12                 976018.75
                          13                2653889.35
                          14                7214947.68
                          15               19613332.78

    For starship designers, these numbers seemed too good to be true, and
indeed they were.  From the earliest days of starship operations, warp
engines had always registered a small power loss as they were fed more than
Warp 1 power.  Defined as the difference between Generated Power and
Delivered Power, this drain was ascribed to the faintly conceived notion of
"continuum drag".  It was Delivered Power that determined actual velocity
according to the 3rd-order Cochrane function.  As the phenomena was still too
poorly understood for mathematical description, progressive increases in
power generation capability had to be matched empirically with increases in
Delivered Power via actual flight testing, and the term Warp Factor continued
to refer to Generated Power.
    The Dilithium breakthru made it possible to generate unprecedented
multiples of threshold power, and led to the Federation's investment in the
Constitution class vessels.  Able to safely generate and sustain Warp 8
power, these ships found the drag/drain worsening rapidly at the higher
levels.
    It was the USS Enterprise, under Christopher Pike, that first challenged
the "Warp Barrier".  After three month's total overhaul at the Terran Orbital
Shipyards personally supervised at every stage by Montgomery Scott, the ship
went on speed runs pushing her anti-matter reactors as high as Warp 13 for a
few seconds at a time.  The resulting measurements at last permitted Scott to
define the continuum drag equation:

                                   tan(A)
          CDF = G - ------------------------------------ + 10
                    (G-S) + (tan^2(A)+((G-S)^2)-1)^(1/2)

and thus
                                 D = G - CDF

    where D = Delivered Power; G = Generated Power; CDF = Continuum Drag
Factor; A = 5.1050881 radians; and S = 9.8658770244 (Scott's constant).  The
corrected table of Warp speeds is therefore:

                  Generated         Delivered      Warp Speed
                    Power             Power           x C

                      1              1T A 000            1.31
                      2              1.98354           13.91
                      3              2.96260           65.98
                      4              3.93509          230.94
                      5              4.89755          696.42
                      6              5.84370         1926.80
                      7              6.76140         4999.38
                      8              7.62571        12075.26
                      9              8.38615        26048.20
                     10              8.96633        46707.91
                     11              9.33067        67348.90
                     12              9.53548        82717.85
                     13              9.65322        93087.64
                     14              9.72615       100151.85
                     15              9.77477       105155.01
                  Old Warp          New Warp

    A graph of Scott's equation plotting Generated Power as X against
Delivered Power as Y, shows that at threshold power (Scott's equation and the
3rd-order Cochrane's function are not applicable below this point) X = Y = 1,
and the graph line proceeds at an almost 45 degree angle assuming equal
scales.  (This graph is available as WARP10.RLE in DL2 for those with IBM PCs
or compatibles.)
    But as Generated Power exceeds 8 times threshold level, Delivered Power
deviates ever more significantly and the graph curves sharply to the right.
The curve is half of a hyperbola, rotated by angle A, with the significant
asymptote line represented by the equation Y = 10, so that while the
Generated Power may go arbitrarily high, the Delivered Power will only
approach ever more closely but never equal 10.  The speed value for Warp 10
from the uncorrected chart, 131792.39 times the speed of light, is the
theoretical limit of the Tertiary warp effect, and can only be approached,
never equaled or exceeded.  This is also the velocity of such warp continuum
energy transmission phenomena as sub-space radio and the standard phaser
effect.  (The complete hyperbola is graphed in WARP_X.RLE, also in DL2.)
    By the time of ST:TNG, it had become standard practice to quote Warp
factors in terms of Delivered, rather than Generated, power.  This explains
the apparent discrepancy between the eras.  Overall Generated Power
capabilities are still crucial to military vessels, as even a few dozen extra
C's may mean the difference between success and failure when outrunning or
persuing an opponent.  Here then is the standard warp factor scale used in the
24th century:

                 Delivered      Generated         Tertiary
                   Power          Power               Warp

                     1         1.0000000000           1.31
                     2         2.0167653720          14.33
                     3         3.0383208502          69.51
                     4         4.0670614879         249.59
                     5         5.1072983806         779.48
                     6         6.1676537197        2270.57
                     7         7.2682459514        6384.80
                   7.5         7.8487197368       10628.50
                     8         8.4694304149       17639.75
                   8.2         8.7364919027       21588.78
                   8.4         9.0203187626       26414.32
                   8.6         9.3280961537       32310.48
                   8.8         9.6717993420       39514.34
                     9        10.0729838055       48315.50
                   9.1        10.3071067812       53422.73
                   9.2        10.5747605008       59067.65
                   9.3        10.8903152831       65306.85
                   9.4        11.2777216596       72202.80
                   9.5        11.7800905867       79824.61
                   9.6        12.4836439773       88248.61
                   9.7        13.5895662949       97559.17
                   9.8        15.7014109302      107849.55
                   9.9        21.8369448362      119222.79
                    10          INFINITE         131792.79

                 New Warp       Old Warp        Velocity x C

    To calculate the Generated Power corresponding to a given Delivered
Power level, use the formula:

                        ((D-10)^2*(tan(A)^2-1)-tan(A)^2
               G = S - ---------------------------------
                               2*(D-10)*tan(A))

    An interesting aspect of the 3rd-order Cochrane function is that Warp 1
is not C but 1.31 x C.  Taking the reciprocal of this number, 0.763, gives
what is known as threshold velocity.  Under fractional warp power, a starship
"accelerates" as the power is steadily increased.  At Warp .99999 etc., the
ship is traveling at 0.763 x C.  Transition occurs, an explosive event
accompanied by the hauntingly beautiful phenomena known as the Chromatic
Detonation, the optical analog of a sonic boom.  In the next micro-instant,
the ship is on "the other side", traveling through the warp continuum at 1.31
x C.  The ship is never observed at speeds 0.763 < V < 1.31 under normal
conditions.
    It should be noted however, that the boundary layer of the warp field
effect creates an envelope of 4 dimensional Einsteinian space-time within
which the ship travels.  Therefore, all the familiar physical laws of the
"ordinary" continuum still apply within the envelope.  From the outside, it
appears as though a space-time anomaly were manifested sequentially along a
linear path.  Fleeting, multiple images of the vessel in the center of the
anomaly are created at widely spaced intervals which grow more distant at
higher warp factors.  Light coming from within the envelope gathers at the
boundary layer until it reaches optical crossover threshold, at which point
it "pulses" through, thus re-entering normal space-time to project the image
of the ship.  This effect was nicely filmed for the climactic scene in
ST:TSFS when we see the Enterprise fleeing the detonation of the Genesis
Device.
    External light enters the envelope via complex optical interaction with
the warp field boundary layer.  The micro-instant lost for photons in front
of the ship's path to cross the boundary layer causes them to appear to
originate from directions shifted away from the line of motion in favor of
apparent origins perpendicular to the direction of travel.  While an optical
blind spot exists directly behind the ship along the direction of motion, due
to the superluminal velocity involved, the tear-drop shape of the overall
warp field minimizes the area so blanked out to a vanishingly small region.
    The overall effect is curiously symmetrical to that observed by vessels
approaching light speed in normal space-time.  Such a vessel would see its
3-dimensional field of view collapsed into twin circles of light in front of
and behind the ship, with a band of darkness around its mid-section.  A
vessel in the warp field traveling at superluminal velocities experiences a
tunnel-like effect in which the dark region consists of circles in front of
and behind the vessel, and its view of the universe is projected onto a
cylindrical tube which the ship appears to travel through.
    Of course, the ship's computers correct for this effect to present an
intuitively "normal" view upon the bridge and other viewscreens.  Windows
facing port or starboard reveal a relatively normal view without
sophisticated correction, others have internal holographic layers which serve
as the functional equivalents of corrective lenses to keep the view at least
intelligible, if not exactly accurate.
    Sometimes a foreign body, such as small pieces of asteroidal rock or
chunks of cometary ice are pulled into the forming continuum envelope as a
starship achieves transition.  Usually this is a harmless occurence, unless
the "dragger" is massive enough to damage the hull if it should collide with
the vessel.  If so, the ship will usually power down below threshold to
release the object, otherwise it can remain within the influence of the warp
field effect and go along for the5.84o the starship's scheduled
destination.  An unusually extreme instance of this effect occurs in ST:TMP
when the old Enterprise, bucking wildly from her imbalanced engines, pulled a
whole asteroid into the warp envelope formed around herself, and was forced
to pulverize it with a photon torpedo.
    Old space junk from various inhabited systems often gets distributed
about the galaxy in this fashion, centuries in orbit about their star of
origin affording plenty of time for a chance encounter with a transitioning
starship.  Some of places identifiable objects ultimately turn up can be
downright humorous.  Items too small to possibly damage a vessel thru its
deflector shield are usually ignored, especially when they have no possible
salvage value.
    An example would be the cryonics satellite found just prior to the
NCC-1701-D's recent visit to the Neutral Zone which originally WAS orbiting
Sol, minding its own business for centuries.  People in the future tend to
leave space junk that old alone, the objects most popular as tourist sights
actually being protected with "landmark" status.  A sleeper ship such as
Khan's would certainly have been detected, but the cryonauts registered NO
life signs at all, so no one ever knew what was in this craft.  Eventually, a
starship pulled it into its envelope and carried it thousands of light years
out to the vicinity of the starbase Enterprise was visiting for Captain
Picard's conference with StarFleet authorities regarding the apparent loss of
stations near the Neutral Zone.
    This is also now considered the most probable explanation for the early
1990's Voyager 6 probe having reached a black hole capable of sending it to
the "machine" planet, as various research ships have made many voyages
directly from the Sol system to known black holes since warp drive was first
employed.  Its return to the Sol system as "V'ger" prompted some talk
off a system wide clean up of old hardware, but nothing ever came of it.
    The relativistic time dilation experienced at Tertiary threshold
velocity is such that time passes at 64.6% per cent, or roughly 2/3's,
the "normal" rate of objects "at rest".  This time dilation factor goes
along with the ship as the warp effect envelope separates from normal
space/time in crossing over the threshold, and remains stable
thereafter, so that all the time spent under way at superluminal
velocities is discounted by 1/3 for those on the vessel vs.  those
staying behind.  The effect is rather conveinient for starship crews, as
it effectively cuts by 1/3 the travel time between stop-overs, and since
all Tertiary warp vessels experience it, there is no disadvantage in
reaction time against opponents.
    There are social aspects to the cumulative effect of a lifetime career
devoted to star travel, in that one's age starts falling behind that of
friends, family, and above all spouse's left behind.  In the 2nd, 3rd, and
4th feature films, we see James Kirk wearing four bars and three dots on his
sleeve, indicating 23 years service in StarFleet.  Yet his birthday
depression in ST:TWOK and the presence of the fully grown David Marcus all
point towards a 50th birthday.  Assuming Kirk graduated the Academy at the
normal age of 22, adding 23 years leaves a 5 year gap.  The gap is simply the
cumulative effect of the time he's spent cruising at warp speed.  For married
personnel, this "age gaping" becomes a serious problem over a lifetime, and
was a major factor in StarFleet's decision to allow families to go along on
its latest vessels of the ST:TNG era.
    A very important aspect of this effect derives from the behavior of the
threshold cross-over phenomena in the presence of intense gravitational
fields, such as would be found near stellar bodies.  The intense warping of
space/time already imposed upon the region of the continuum nearest the star
causes it to become more tolerant of extreme profile skewing than normal
space.  As a nearby ship accelerates, the threshold velocity is reached, but
cross-over does not occur, one has to increase the degree of skew with still
more power.  This means going nearer to lightspeed while still in the normal
continuum, thus the time dilation factor increases.  Since the time dilation
at cross-over remains in effect throughout the period spent in the warp
continuum's sub-space, it is possible to retard one's own rate of time
passage to an arbitrarily high degree to assist in making extremely long
voyages.
    Some of the early Federation exploration ships, such as the famous USS
Horizon, used this sort of maneuver on occasion, but more often avoided it
due to the detrimental effect upon shipboard reaction time it causes.
Merchant vessels sometimes tried it, but the extreme danger of maneuvering so
close to a star led first to uninsurability and finally to outright
regulatory prohibitions against the practice.  Ships full of colonists almost
always housed them in sleeper chambers, an old and proven technology dating
as far back as the late 20th century, leaving only the crew awake.
    One of the greatest scientific discoveries made by the original
NCC-1701 Enterprise was that if a ship went EXTREMELY close to an object
of stellar mass while in the normal continuum, then poured on maximum
power to force its way to threshold before putting significant distance
between itself and the gravity field of the celestial body in question,
then the effective threshold velocity could actually be slightly above
lightspeed, and the associated time dilation not only extremely large
but NEGATIVE.  This is the essence of time travel under what has become
known as the breakaway maneuver.
    The class of phenomena known as "time travel" are extremely complex
and remain poorly understood.  Most recorded incidents have involved
multiple effects which, in the absence of a fully developed theory of
time, are often difficult to untangle for separate description and
analysis.  The Enterprise's unintentional journey to the Terra of the
late 1960's began with an accidental encounter with an uncharted black
hole.  The unusual properties of this particular hole had attracted
their attention, resulting in the Enterprise making a low warp speed
sensor pass.  The anomalous readings prevented them from realizing the
nature of this object until it was too late.  The hole's intense
distortion of the continuum pulled the Enterprise out of warp, where the
ship was in iminent danger of being sucked into the hole itself.
    On Kirk's orders, Sulu applied full emergency power in a desperate
attempt to fight their way back to threshold so as to to re-enter the
warp continuum, but even as the mighty starship trembled under the
effort, the threshold power level was moving higher and higher as they
neared the event horizon.  With seconds left before the end, Mr.  Scott
in engineering surmised the nature of their situation.  Knowing the ship
could never make the rising tertiary warp threshold in time, he engaged
the emergency circuit breakers to take the tertiary booster coils
offline, and diverted 100% of the reactor output into what was now a
lower threshold secondary warp field system.  The collapse of the
tertiary field into a secondary one "collided" with the rapidly growing
overall power level, kicking the ship into the warp continuum with such
explosive force that she briefly left sub-space itself on a kind of
"ballistic arc" OVER rather than thru the warp-space she would normally
traverse.
    It would take Spock many weeks of theoretical study and analysis
before he would devise a tentative explanation for their seemingly
miraculous appearance within the Terran atmosphere.  Ultimately, his
explanation for their movement thru space as well as time rested upon
two major points.
    First, time travel does not permit violation of the conservation of
mass law.  One cannot simply send 200,000 metric tons of starship back
in time to coexist with an "earlier" copy of the same 200,000 tons of
matter without in some way compensating for the effect such functional
duplication of mass will have on the overall gravitational process of
the cosmos.
    Second, in this particular incident the mode of compensation took
the form of an exchange or displacement of the 20th century matter that
would one day be the Enterprise and her crew, this material swapping out
of the normal plane of existance to reside in the hyper-continuum the
ship had traversed to reach its destination.  Therefore, in a manner
related to the phenomena of "symmetry breaking", the cosmos "selected"
as the ship's re-entry point a location determined by the whereabouts at
that time of the raw materials which would one day be the Enterprise and
her crew.
    As most of this material would be found on Terra in the 1960's, that
is where the ship materialized.  Fortunately, not quite all of the
material constituting the Enterprise was of Terrestrial origin, or the
ship would appeared at the center of the Earth instead of 5 miles above
its surface.  That it wasn't 5 miles below the surface instead was
simply good luck as to the total net effect of the mass-origin location
factors.  When the Enterprise returned to its proper place in time, the
older version of her material constituents resumed their proper place in
the continuum as well.
    Later studies of the "breakaway maneuver" and its associated
parameters revealed that had this early incident not involved such
extreme conditions, the time traveling starship would have remained
"linked" to the net gravitational influence of the star used as the
initiator mass.  This would have caused the celestial body itself to
assume the role of adjusting its own impact on the expansion of the
universe to compensate for sending a vessel back in time, and would
permit such voyages thru time while retaining the ability to target
spatial destinations as well.  This type of controled temporal
translation was successfully demonstrated by the Enterprise via Sol
during the mission Kirk's log describes as "Assignment:  Earth", and
was later employed from a captured Klingon cruiser to solve the
"Whalesinger" crisis.
    Given the operational parameters of starship reactor systems, the
time it takes to build up power applied to generating the warp field
effect normally requires an initiator mass the size of a star or greater
to perform the breakaway maneuver.  A planetary mass is just too small
under most circumstances as the vessel will have already moved too far
from the center of its gravitational field before attaining threshold
power where the time dilation effects are manifested.  This does not
mean it isn't possible to use a planetary mass as the initiator, only
that the ship in question would have to bring up its power output in an
incredibly rapid surge to do so.  The only known means of doing this is
the all but suicidal technique of deliberate implosion to "cold-start"
completely shut down power systems.  Only one ship, NCC-1701, is known
to have ever survived this procedure.  Historians remained baffled as to
why the crew dubbed the gambit an "Irishman's Chance".
    Were you to travel back in time without triggering some form of
gravitational impact compensation for your mass, the continuum would
soon destroy you via an effect strikingly similar to the manner in which
a living creature's immune system destroys that which does not belong.
The unfortunate time traveler would experience progressive
disintegration as the particles of his/her body are randomly pushed back
to their own correct time.
    An advanced form of such compensation was an integral part of the
Atavachron, which functioned by actually forcing open "portals" between
times.  As Kirk, Spock, and McCoy went through the portal but bypassed
the compensation stage, they were in grave danger and had but little
time to return.  Sarabeth could not return with them unless they could
have learned to use the machine to compensate for her entry into their
era, but alas there was no time for that before the star in that system
went nova.

    Just as the 3rd-order Cochrane function is known as Tertiary Warp, the
1st and 2nd orders represent Primary, and Secondary Warp.  Primary Warp is
the function consisting of the sum of the infinite series begining with X
plus (X^2)/2 plus (X^3)/6 etc.  As with the 3rd-order series, it may be
calculated with the equivalent formula (e^W)-1.  This was the first type of
warp field effect propulsion system developed, and it is still in use on
later vessels as the Impulse Drive sub-system.
    When Secondary Warp drive systems were developed, governed by the
2nd-order Cochrane function consisting of the sum of the infinite series
begining with X^2 + (X^3)/3 +(X^4)/12 etc., equivalent formula:
2*((e^W)-(W+1)), it was learned that they, and all higher order warp fields,
were dangerously unstable at low fractions of threshold power.  This forced
the retention of some form of Primary warp drive, though it need not handle
enough power to go superluminal.
    All warp field effects are created via the use of superconducting
Cochrane coils, which are wound according to the complex topological patterns
defined by Impulsor Calculus, the branch of mathematics developed by Zephram
Cochrane to express the new kinematics and mechanics resulting from his
successful unification of gravity with the electro-strong-weak force of
quantum physics.  As this essay is intended for a 20th century audience,
ethical constraints place severe limits on the range of comments that can be
made on this subject, but the inference should be obvious that if theoretical
physics has mastered the unification of the primal forces of nature, it
becomes possible to use a force easily generated and controled, such as
electromagnetism, to manipulate phenomena normally governed by another force,
such as gravity.
    Cochrane's mechanics superceded Einstein's, as his in its time
supplanted Newton's.  Each is "true" or at least acceptably valid,
within its range, and may be thought of as a special case approximation
of its successor, which is itself regarded as a superset of its
predecessor.  The following clues to Cochrane's accomplishment,
paraphrased from the preface to his own textbook, are deemed safe for
20th century humans.
    The first is that while current attempts to build ever larger particle
accelerators will lead to the unification of the strong nuclear force with
the electro-weak force, this approach will not be successful with gravity.
The reason is that while accelerators of sufficient power approximate the
fantastic extremes of temperature and pressure found during the era
immediately following the Big Bang, it was not these aspects of the early
universe but rather the extreme curvature of space-time then in force which
wedded gravity to the other forces.  As space-time expanded, or flattened,
gravity was the first force to de-couple from the others.
    The second clue is that while Newton's mechanics were based upon the
Euclidean model of geometry, and Einstein's was grounded in 19th century
alternatives such as that of Riemann, Cochrane found the mathematical tools
he needed to join the probability functions of quantum physics to the
structures defined by distortions of space-time in the "strange attractors"
of Fractal Geometry's framework for the study of "chaos".
    The warp effect itself derives from Cochrane's advanced concepts of
gravitation under which the interaction between the mass of a physical body
and the surrounding space/time matrix defines a complex mathematical field
known as a continuum profile.  On a purely theoretical level, Cochrane was
able to establish a new understanding of the term velocity by demonstrating
an intriguing difference in the continuum profiles of moving objects versus
those stationary relative to the observer.  All objects having mass distort
the space/time continuum around them, but when an object is in motion
relative to the observer, the pattern of the this distortion, known as the
continuum profile, becomes skewed along the direction of travel.
    Space/time is not infinitely malleable, it takes a minute but finite
interval for gravitational distortions to be fully manifested upon newly
encountered regions.  Because of this propagation-time factor, the region of
space/time in front of a moving object at a given instant is not as distorted
as it would be had the object in question been excerting its gravitational
influence on it for an arbitrarily long period, and the region behind the
traveling body shows excess distortion because of the time it takes to flatten
back to its undisturbed state.  The concept of relative motion remains in
force, for the skewing of the continuum profiles of all objects in the
universe is measured from the vantage point of the observer's own comparably
skewed line of travel.  In measuring the velocity relative to himself, the
observer is actually noting the degree of continuum profile skewing relative
to his own, and an inertial frame of reference becomes one with a constant
degree of skew.
    In astrophysics, this effect is largely muted by the ability of
space/time to "remember" repeated transits, so that all cyclic motions, such
as the orbits of planets, literally "groove" their paths into the very fabric
of the continuum, diminishing the skewing effect to almost vanishing levels.
Also, such circular motions involve the interaction of mutually influencing
bodies, so that each experiences far more change in the direction of its
skewing factor than in its absolute magnitude.
    But for non-cyclic motions, such as that of spacecraft executing huge
linear translations thru the continuum, the effect is sufficiently pronounced
to impact observations made from onboard instruments.  Generations after
Cochrane, the ability of the space/time continuum to store such
information-laden "memories" would be used by Dr.  Carol Marcus to establish
the theoretical basis for the long suspected existence of morphogenetic
fields, and would lead her to attempt the exploitation of this phenomena via
the "Genesis" technology.
    In creating his unified field theory, Cochrane opened the door to
full-scale interaction/exchange between the primal forces of nature.  Using
the analytic tools of his carefully derived Impulsor Calculus, he has able to
map out complex yet stable forms of interwoven electro-magnetic fields which
would cross "the line" by manifesting part of their effect in the form of
gravitational phenomena.  He was then able to follow the conceptual trail
back to the actual design and contruction of field generating coils that
could transform his theories into useful technology.  In his first great
practicle success, he proved that if his coil systems were used to
reconfigure the continuum profile of a "stationary" object so that it
acquired the relative "skew" of a moving one, it moved accordingly.
    This led first to the developement of the long wished-for "jetless" space
drive, ultimately called "Impulse drive", in which designers no longer needed
to bother about reaction mass carried onboard only to serve as kinetic
exhaust.  Later studies revealed that the application of sufficient power to
the skewing field would produce a degree of skew effect so highly pronounced
as to be insupportable by the familiar Einsteinian continuum.  Attaining this
"threshold" level would so stress the ordinary continuum that a vessel and its
surrounding field envelope would literally be ejected into a higher order
continuum in which the speed of light was no longer relevant as a limiting
factor.  Cochrane himself visualized our familiar continuum as "floating"
above the larger realm, and so described the transition process as "dropping
into sub-space" rather than apply an upward linguistic bias and the overused
"hyperspace".
    A gentle, private, and in some respects almost old-fashioned man,
Cochrane lived far enough into his twilight years to see his work send
humanity to the stars, before he mysteriously vanished.  Some say that the
warp-driven space yacht presented to him by the greatful governments of
several worlds disappeared at the same time, fueling speculation that he
headed into unknown space on some final adventure.  While historians argue
over his ultimate fate, none dispute the enormity of his contributions,
without which the very founding of the Federation could never have occurred.
    Just as the 20th century's mastery of undreamed of natural forces such as
electricity produces technological wonders inconceivable to 17th century
minds, so did Cochrane's breakthru set the stage for a vast family of related
discoveries and devices that seem almost magical to residents of our time.
In the decades following the construction of the first "impulsor drives",
further experimentation and theoretical studies led to totally different,
often unexpected, applications of the basic Cochrane coil system.  The coil
itself would become as basic a concept to an entire branch of technology as
the "circuit" is to the field of electrical engineering.
    Physicist Alicia Chalmbers interwove two coils, one wound clockwise, the
other anti-clockwise, and sent twin currents thru them in opposite
directions.  The "Chalmbers" coil did not move, as its external effect upon
the continuum was balanced between opposite and equal influences, but within
the dual-coil itself a profound disruption of space/time took place.  Wave
like patterns of variation in the "topological gradient" or distortability of
space/time, went out equally in all directions.  A second Chalmbers coil,
though unenergized, reacted to the distortion pattern by converting part of
its energy content back into electricity.
    Of course, modulations in the current flow to the first Chalmbers coil
were echoed analog fashion in the current output of the second "receiving"
coil, giving birth to sub-space radio.  The effect propagates at the
theoretical limit of the warp effect, Warp 10, the actual speed depending on
whether the Chalmbers coils are of the Primary, Secondary, or Tertiary
variety.  All StarFleet, and virtually all modern civilian vessels, use
Tertiary Chalmbers systems, allowing communications at 131792.79 x C.
Passive listening for natural occurences of this phenomena, and the active
use of a form of sub-space radio in "radar" mode, constitute much of the
sensor technology of Starships.
    Another variation of the basic Cochrane device bends the coil away from
its "barber-pole" configuration, to double back on itself full circle, in
effect coiling the coil in a single loop.  The result is an artificial
gravity field projected perpendicular to the plane of the loop, in either
pull or push mode depending on the orientation of the windings and/or the
direction of current flow.  Within its housing, the loop coil is physically
anchored or it would simply spin in a warp driven circle rather than impart
its effect to the gravity field.  Such units are always paired so that the
torque from each cancels the other rather than be imparted to the vessel via
the structural elements holding them in place.
    Other variants of the Cochrane coil take the form of conical shaped pairs
of coils nested within each other facing in opposite directions.  The conical
shape causes the warp field's skewing effect to be projected away from the
coil system rather than centered upon it.  By using the two coils in tandem,
one can induce any desired combination of push or pull force up to the
system's operational limits on a distant object, moving it arbitrarily close
to the starship's hull and holding it there.  Known as a tractor beam, this
piece of equipment is indispensable for modern spacecraft operations, without
it sleek warp-driven starships would be reduced to reliance upon primitive
manipulator arms such as the one found on the 1980's space shuttle.  When
holding a derelict vessel via tractor beam, it is possible to apply the the
repulsive force against selected portions of the outer hull, concentrating
the attractive force thru the vehicles' center, so as to not only retrieve
and stabilize it, but provide artificial gravity as well for the comfort of
boarding parties.
    In man's first experience with interstellar combat, the technological
level of the participants had the vessels of both sides drop into sub-light
speeds to maneuver against each other in a tight volume of laser crossfired
space.  These primitive battles were analogous to the way in which late 20th
century fighter planes would reach a combat zone via supersonic travel, then
go subsonic for the actual dogfight.  The advantages of a weapon that could
unleash its effect at warp speed were so obvious that an all out technology
race to build such a device began even before the first Romulan War was over.
    Ultra high velocity missiles carrying powerful matter/anti-matter
warheads were already in use.  As the M/A anhilation produces a shower of
photons in the extremely high energy gamma ray portion of the spectrum, these
missiles were dubbed photon mines.  Though their highly developed fusion
thrusters could accelerate them at hundreds of G's, they were still so slow
compared to even the sublight capabilties of impulse driven starships that
one had to use them in the manner of depth charges, simply deploying them in
the expected path of the enemy ship and hoping for the best.  Attempts to
replace the fusion thruster with a warp engine enjoyed some success against
vehicles moving at sublight speeds, but against vessels traveling at warp
speeds what was needed was a weapon that could travel substantially faster
than any ship.
    The answer was ultimately inspired by the ancient submarine torpedo,
which used steam power pumped into the torpedo by the submarine rather
generated onboard the weapon itself.  The modern analog of the torpedo tube
emerged as an inside out warp engine coil which generated its field within
its own interior and imparted an enormous skewing effect on any object placed
inside.  The specially designed warhead pod would zip out of the tube at
extremely high warp speeds, having an unprecendented degree of skew, but free
of the mass of any onboard warp field generating equipment.  Though the
warhead pod is designed to retain its imparted skew as long as possible, it
does begin to decay immediately after leaving the tube.  As this takes at
least several minutes, the effective range is quite adequate for the tactical
role these weapons play.  Note that these devices have almost no steering,
only a slight course correction capability, and so must be carefully aimed.
The parallel to ancient submarine weapons was so close that the term "photon
torpedo" became permanently attached to these deadly implements of celestial
combat, which in the ST:TNG era are capable of as much as 10 to 15 minutes
travel at speeds approaching warp 9.9.

    Early experiments with Dilithium crystals found that two such crystals, a
mirror, a semi-reflector, and a light source made a marvelously efficient
laser, as Spock once demonstrated in escaping from Gestapo headquarters on
the planet Ekos.  When Science Officer Bruno Wilhelm placed a dilithium laser
setup inside a Chalmbers coil, the crystals synchronized so as to overlap the
coinciding lightwaves exactly out of "phase" making the light energy
effectively vanish from our continuum, only to reimerge as a uni-directional
highly intense disruption of the space/time continuum now known as the
"phaser effect".  Such synchronization of the crystals required a
super-luminal transfer of coordinating influences, and so was only possible
in the context of a coil-induced sub-space environment.  Within the coil, one
can reasonably construe the laser as being "in" sub-space.
    When fully powered, the phaser effect travels at the Warp 10 limit for
the type of Chalmbers coil used, be it Primary, Secondary, or Tertiary.
Naturally, StarFleet vessels are armed only with Tertiary phasers, anything
less would produce a "beam" literally too slow to catch a Tertiary warp
starship with Dilithium focused anti-matter reactors.
    However, hand phasers don't have access to quite enough power to energize
the coil component to its equivalent threshold power level.  The result is
that the phaser beam produced travels at a speed dependent upon the power
level applied to the coil.  Whereas a beam emitted from a coil at threshold
power would always move at Warp 10, with additional coil power just boosting
the intensity or striking power of the beam, at just below threshold power
the beam's speed is the reciprocal of Warp 10.  This is a mere 7.58766 x
10^(-6) x C, or approximately 7300 feet per second from a Tertiary coil,
therefore hand phasers use Primary coils so that the phaser effect
propagatation velocity is proportional to the reciprocal of the Primary warp
field's Warp 10 limit of 22025.47 x C.  The reciprocal value is therefore
approxiamately 8.45 miles per second.  At still less coil power, the speed
diminishes in direct proportion to the fraction of threshold power applied to
the coil.  Operational maximums for ST:TNG hand phasers take their coils to
about 1/3 of threshold velocity, so that the weapons full power effect moves
at roughly 2.82 miles per second.
    One can vary the proportion of coil vs.  initiating light energy levels
only so far without overloading the hand phaser, causing burnout or even
detonation.  Thus to moderate the phaser effect down to stun levels, the beam
in some models of hand phaser may travel as slowly as 200 or 300 feet per
second.  We've seen this effect quite clearly when Kirk once fired his phaser
set for stun at the metabolically accelerated Deela of Scalos, who simply
stepped out of the way.  Hand phaser on stun is definitely a close quarters
only weapon, where speed is not significant.
    Unlike sub-space "radio", which simply attenuates under an inverse square
law, phaser beams have a much shorter range due their propensity to "decay"
by losing their energy to the creation of visible spectrum photons all along
their path of travel.  This is what the observer sees, not the phaser beam
itself.  The actual phaser effect is one of micro-range random space/time
fluctuations in the topological gradient of the space encountered, imparting
warp impulses to the atoms encountered.  The effect tends to spread and
propagate thru solid matter, so that material objects are likely to
distribute the effect throughout their particularly shaped volumes.
    At high power, the effect is so severe that all molecular bonds are
snapped, and all of the particles are "impulsed" in random directions.  What
had been a solid object becomes an expanding cloud of particles moving fast
enough to penetrate other solid matter to an enormous extent.  A body so
"disintegrated" on a ship would pass right thru the hull like a burst of
gamma rays, but because the particles are traveling via impulse rather than
momentum, their behavior apes that of neutrinos in that they do almost no
damage to the matter they pass thru.
    Lower power simply streches the molecular bonds without breaking them,
their rebounding motions translating into simple heat.  In this manner, a
hand phaser may be used to heat rocks for warmth, cook food, or even act as a
very precise cutting torch.  At the lowest useful power, the jolting of
molecules is too slight to really impact inanimate matter, but does tend to
produce neurological shock as large numbers of synapses have their firing
threshold randomly raised or lowered.  The vast number of additional versus
inhibited synaptic firings causes a biological equivalent of "systems crash"
leading to unconsciousness, as the nervous system becomes hopelessly confused
and overloaded by spurious signals.  As no actual tissue damage is sustained,
the nervous system "reboots" itself eventually.  Somewhat higher power can do
permanent, even lethal damage to the nervous system however, and can cause a
seizure-like muscular convulsion.  This minimally lethal effect is not unlike
electric shock.

    To residents of the 20th century, the transporter is perhaps a more
incredible application of Cochrane's Unified Field Theory than superluminal
travel, since the later affords no real Terrestrial gauge for appreciating
the effect, whereas the wonder of instantaneously materializing elsewhere has
been part and parcel of Earth's mythology/magic belief systems for millenia.
    Building on the ability of the "looped coil" to project gravitational
fields, experimenters eventually learned to handle gravity d sues in ways that
parallel optical technology's capabilities with light waves.  Ultimately,
command of these techniques was sufficient to produce a gravitational wave
"hologram" in which the system literally captured the continuum profile of an
object down to the minutest detail of atomic constituents and molecular
bondings in the intersection between its stationary "reference beam" and the
rotating "scanning beam".  Sophisticated split beam techiniques permitted the
"projection" of a second "continuum profile image", which, depending on the
operational limits of the equipment, could be located at an arbitrarily
large distance and direction from the source.  These experiments were
originally conceived in pursuit of improved medical technology following the
progression of X-rays, ultrasound, nuclear magnetic resonance, and positron
emmision tomography, with the result enabling Dr. Crusher to obtain a clear
view of the parasite creature embedded in Admiral Quinn during the
"Conspiracy" period.
    The transporter breakthru grew out of experiments attempting to
manipulate matter via alterations of the continuum profile associated
with an object.  If a continuum profile projection were maintained long
enough, it began to fill itself in with atoms picked up from the
environment.  Eventually, it would recreate the original, though in the
meantime, if sufficient power was used to intensify the projection, this
profile construct could behave like the original, even appearing to be
solid matter, as long it remained within range of the projection radius.
At the same time, it was shown that changes in the profile of the
original were reflected in the original object as well in the
projection, establishing the real-time linkage between the two.  Early
attempts at matter manipulation were usually destructive, not until the
early 24th century would the raw computer power be available for such
things as the holodeck, where the projection could be based on computer
simulations rather than real life / real time models, but in these
pioneering efforts, the ability to project a profile back on its own
source object, while maintaining an independent second projection
elsewhere, was developed.
    Dr.  Janet Hester of the Deneva Research Station first conceived the idea
that if one reversed the "topological polarity" of the image projected back
upon the source, in effect FLATTENING the impression it made in space/time,
while simultaneously boosting the gravitational intensity, and thus the DEPTH
of the spatially projected image, one could create a situation in which the
probability of finding any given constituent of the source object at the
original location could be reduced to zero, even as the probability of
finding it at the projection's location went up to unity.  Every component of
an object, its atoms, the chemical bonds between them, even the ongoing
molecular processes, would cascade back and forth between the twin loci of
probable locations, finally coming to rest at the one brought to unity.  Of
all the marvels that have sprung from Zephram Cochrane's insights, none more
clearly demonstrate his success at unifying gravitational space/time
continuum phenomena with quantum mechanical probability functions.
    It would take another four decades of dedicated experiment and study
before Science Officer Winston of the USS Moscow became the first human to
transport across to the USS Tehran.  Still more work was required before the
ability of the tranporter to project a "virtual" yet functional copy of the
active components of the scanning and projection processes to envelope the
retrieval site would eliminate the need for physical hardware at both ends of
the transport linkage, and theb to learn to bend the projection around the
surfaces of planets using the natural gravitational field so that transport
could be free of line-of-sight restraints.  The depth of dense planetary
matter the transporter can penetrate is still limited, but the often
life-saving speed and conveinience of transport in general has proved well
worth the time, cost, and often sacrifice it took to perfect.

    The Secondary Warp field effect was originally achieved by winding a
second-stage "booster" coil around a specially designed Primary coil.  The
early versions of this system would energize the Primary coil first to
navigate at low percentages of threshold power.  Once clear of stellar and
planetary gravitational fields, they would engage the booster coil
reconfiguring their warp field into the 2nd order type.  When this was
accomplished, power would be steadily increased until the threshold level was
attained and transition to the warp continuum occured.  The Primary and the
booster together constitute the Secondary coil.  Should the booster fail
under operational stress, a fairly common occurence in the early days, the
Primary alone could be used and could operate above its threshold level to
take the ship to superluminal velocities.
    While later vessels retained the above system layout, experience proved
it far more efficient to energize the whole Secondary coil system as a single
circuit, and to navigate at very low power and speeds with an independent
miniature Primary system.  This became known as the Impulse Drive.  As it was
intended only for low speed operations, this system would not normally be
capable of handling the power load it would require to bring the vessel past
the threshold point.  However, engineers took advantage of this dual
propulsion system to split the vessel itself, letting each major sub-division
of the hull house one of the systems.  It became customary to place the major
living quarters in the hull with the smaller Impulse Drive, both to better
shield the crew from the higher radiation levels the more powerful Secondary
system created, and also with the idea of better accomodating the entire crew
should "coil burnout" force the abandonment of the other hull.
    The terminology of vessel design adopted the convention of referring to
the hull housing the Secondary coil system as the Secondary Hull, and
the other housing the Primary coil only Impulse Drive as the Primary Hull.
Tertiary drive systems simply wound yet another type of booster coil around
the Primary and Secondary stages nested inside it, but as there were still
only two drive systems and two main hull sections, the one with the large
engine system continued to be called the Secondary Hull.
    In the event of separation, the Primary Hull's Impulse Drive, freed of
the weight of the entire Secondary Hull and the even more massive main drive
engine nacelles, is usually large enough for superluminal propulsion.  This
has been shown quite clearly in ST:TNG during the initial encounter with Q,
when the Primary Hull found its way to Farpoint after the entire ship spent
some 10 minutes pushing itself to its operational limits while going in
exactly the opposite direction.  It is equally well implied by Geordi's
instructions to Engineer Logan to take the Primary Hull to a Starbase if
unable to re-establish contact with him after performing the saucer-sep
manuevar in the "Arsenal of Freedom" incident.
    The first three orders of warp field phenomena correspond to the first
three "generations" of warp drive technology in the "Spaceflight Chronology".
Logically, a "Fourth generation" designation should have waited for the
developement of Quarternary warp, the sum of X^4 + (X^5)/5 + (X^6)/30 etc.,
equivalent formula 24*((e^W)-((W^3)/6 + (W^2)/12 + W + 1)), but the impact of
Dilithium on power generation, and thus overall performance, was so great
that the "Fourth generation" label took hold for the Constitution class.  All
orders of warp field phenomena remain subject to the Warp 10 limit on
Delivered Power, but higher order warps produce greater velocity for the same
Delivered Power than lower orders.  (See Appendix for tables of Primary,
Secondary, and Quartenary Warp Factor Equivalent Velocities).
    The term "Fifth generation" is usually applied to the abortive attempt to
harness "Trans-Warp", a misbegotten application of the Interphase phenomena
first observed by the Enterprise NCC-1inguchurg the "Tholian Web" incident.
The abandonment of this dangerous system was made doubly disappointing by the
continued failure of Federation science to perfect a workable Quartenary warp
drive.  The seemingly insurmountable difficulties encountered in the early
attempts at Quarternary drive design were the prime reason for the costly
"Trans-Warp" interlude.
    However, in the intervening decades advanced theoretical studies have led
to vastly simpler, more reliable Tertiary drives which can be pushed, and
above all held, far closer to the Warp 10 limit of Delivered Power than the
original design multi-stage units.  These single stage "integrated" units
were first used in ship's of the NCC-1701-C's Ambassador class, and marked
the arrival of warp technology's "Sixth generation".  A highly refined and
advanced version of this type of drive serves as the main propulsion for
"Galaxy" class starships such as Enterprise NCC-1701-D.  Gone are the
inefficientcies of the nested, three coil approach, advances in Impulsor
Calculus theory and supercomputer simulation techniques having found a single
coil equivalent.
    As the early efforts at Quarternary warp floundered on the complexities
of a four level multi-stage approach, the success of the single stage
"integrated" approach for Tertiary warp has scientists of SF:TNG's era once
more confident of eventual success, and aggressively paced research programs
are again under way in the race for the Quartenary drive.  It should be noted
that the extra heavy warp nacelle mountings and overall structural strength
rating of the Galaxy class design should easily permit retrofitting of
Quarternary Warp engines when they become available.
    Montgomery Scott correctly predicted the crippling deficientcies of the
Trans-Warp system, but was unable to dissuade StarFleet from investing in it.
Rightly convinced that Quartenary warp would have to await improvements in
warp theory permitting "integrated" designs, he attempted to convince
StarFleet to allow him to challenge the Warp 10 Barrier itself.  Alas, Scott
was never able to secure StarFleet backing for his proposal, and only a
handful of ST:TNG era technical persons who've studied his original notes
even know what he had in mind.
    Realizing that the "SuperWarp" scheme was far too radical for his era,
Scott dedicated his leisure time engineering studies to the design of the
ship he felt StarFleet should build in place of more "Excelsior" class
vessels.  Yet this project also offered too many radical advances, as Scotleet s
vessels.  Yet this project also offered too many radical advances, as Scott
was allowing for upgrades to integrated Tertiary or even Quartenary main
drives in his huge dreamship.  But while the Galaxy class would ultimately be
larger and incorporate advances beyond his wildest imaginings, even a cursory
glance at Scott's old plans and drawings reveals the striking similarities
that mark the true lineage of these greatest of all StarShips.  NCC-1701-D's
operational status is the way Scott would most have wanted StarFleet
Engineering to acknowledge its continuing debt to its greatest practitioner.
    As for the mechanics of SuperWarp, the mathematically inclined are invited
to contemplate the significance of the other half of the hyperbola relating
Generated to Delivered power, which most Federation scientists dismiss as a
mere geometric curiousity.  Of course, scientists once thought that C itself
represented an impassable barrier, yet as Spock would say, "There are always
possibilities".
    Without giving too much away, I can offer the following clue, that the
Constitution class USS Enterprise NCC-1701 under James Kirk, once broke
through the Warp Barrier by accident, the result of her Captain's famous
propensity for taking desperate gambles in otherwise hopeless situations.
Students of warp physics correctly identifying the occassion are eligible to
win a scholarship to StarFleet academy, which, alas, may not be used until the
23rd century.

                                        -Leon Myerson; 72157,3432; 6/23/88


                COMMONLY USED ACRONYMS IN STAR TREK CONFERENCES

         c - The speed of light (186,000 miles/sec (300,000 km/sec))
         G - Grin
         LA - Laughing Aloud
         RA - Richard Arnold
         SD - Star Date
         ST - Star Trek
         WF - Warp Factor
         ;-) - Smiley face. There are many variations
         BJO - Bjo "Bee-joe" Trimble, author of Concordance
         BOP - Bird Of Prey
         BTW - By The Way
         FTL - Faster Than Light
         IDF - interial dampening field
         ILM - Industrial Light and Magic
         IMO - In My Opinion
         KHP - Klingon Home Planet (since TPTB refuse to give it a name)
         LOL - Laughing Out Loud
         MIE - main impulse engine
         NCC - Naval Construction Contract
         O&S - Okuda and Sternbach (authors of TNG Technical Manual
         POV - Point of View
         RPG - Role Playing Game
         SFA - Star Fleet Academy
         SFX - Special Effect
         TAS - The Animated Series
         TFF - The Final Frontier (Star Trek 5)
         TNG - The Next Generation
         TMP - The Motion Picture (Star Trek 1)
         TOS - The Original Series
         TUC - The Undiscovered Country (Star Trek 6)
         TVH - The Voyage Home (Star Trek 4)
         UFP - United Federation of Planets
         USS - United Space Ship
         W10 - Warp 10 infinite speed
         YAR - Yet Another Rumor
         FASA - FAntaSimulations Associates
         GMTA - Great Minds Think Alike
         IDIC - Infinite diversity in infinite combinations
         IMHO - In my humble opinion
         LLAP - Live Long And Prosper
         OTOH - On The Other Hand
         TPTB - The Powers That Be (usually referring to GR or Paramount)
         TSFS - The Search for Spock (Star Trek 3)
         TTFN - Ta Ta For Now
         TTYL - Talk To Ya Later
         TWOK - The Wrath of Kahn (Star Trek 2)
         YATI - Yet Another Trek Inconsistancy
         BOBW1 - Best of Both Worlds part 1 (Season Finale for third season)
         BOBW2 - Conclusion to Best of Both Worlds
         CANON - what Roddenberry/Paramount decides is "real" Trek. Gene has
                 already declared every novel (including the one(s) he
                 wrote) to be non-canon.
         IMOGR - In Memory of Gene Roddenberry
         ROTBA - Reality On the Blink Again
         ROTFL - Rolling On The Floor Laughing
         TNGTM - The Next Generation Technical Manual
         VISOR - Visual Instrument and Sensory Organ Replacement
         VISOR - VIsual Sensory Optical Reflector
         TEASER - the short scene that comes before the opening credits.
         TGBOTG - The Great Bird Of The Galaxy (Roddenberry)
         TRAILER - previews (commercials) for the next EXCITING episode.

                              IMPORTANT ADDRESSES

                Star Trek episodes
         Columbia House Video Library
         Dept. LK3
         P.O. Box 1112
         Terre Haute, IN 47811
         800 544-4431

                Star Trek Chess set
         The Franklin Mint
         2496
         Franklin enter, Pa. 19092-2496
         --
         $29.50 for each peice

                Star Trek uniforms
         Johnson Smith Co.
         4514 19th Court East
         P. O. Box 25500
         Bradenton FL 34206-5500.
         (813) 747-2356 for credit card orders

              Star Trek uniforms, books, posters, etc
         Intergalactic Trading Company
         P.O. Box 1516
         Longwood, Fl. 32752
         (407) 831-8344
         (407) 332-0142  FAX
         --
         Send $2 for catalog.

         Star Trek books and other merchandise. Write for a catalog.
         Intergalactic Trading Company
         PO BOX 1516
         Longwood FL 32752-1516

         Paramount Pictures
         5555 Melrose Avenue
         Hollywood, CA  90038-3197
         (213) 956-5000

                Writing to cast members
         Cast Member's name
         C/O Star Trek office
         Paramount Pictures
         5555 Melrose Avenue
         Hollywood, CA  90038-3197

         Creation Conventions
         145 Jericho Turnpike
         Mineola, NY 11501

                Books on diskette
         S3 Enterprises
         137 Golfview Drive
         Glendale Heights, IL 60139.

         Klingon Recipes
         1231 Garfield
         Havertown, Pa, 19083
         Book $6

         Tom's Sci-Fi Shop
         P.O. Box 56116 DPI,
         H. Hts, Il. 60656-0116
         --
         $3 for 75 page catalog. refundable on first order.

              Star Trek 25th aniversary game
         INTERPLAY
         3701 S. Susan, Suite 100
         Santa Ana, CA 92704
         (714)549-2411

              Star Trek Calander $5.98.
         The Science Fiction Book Club
         6550 E. 30th Street
         P.O. Box 6325
         Indianapolis, IN  46206-6325

              TOS, TNG, and all film scripts
         Hollywood Book and Poster Company
         6349 Hollywood Boulevard
         Hollywood, CA  90028
         (213) 465-8764 [voice]
         (213) 465-0413 [fax]

              Books, Scripts, etc
         Script City
         8033 Sunset Blvd.  Suite 1500
         Hollywood, CA  90046
         (213) 871-0707 for phone orders

              Collectibles
         Catch A Star Collectibles, Inc.
         1951 Old Cuthbert Road
         Cherry Hill, NJ 08034

              Star Trek: The Next Generation magazine
         Starlog Press
         c/o Star Trek: The Next Generation magazine
         475 Park Ave. South
         New York, NY 10016
         --
         $25 per year (4 issues)

              Pocket Books Press
         Pocket Books
         1230 Avenue of the Americas
         New York, Ny. 10020

              General Trek related items.
         Starland
         PO Box 24590
         Denver, CO 80224   (303) 671-8735

              Comics, Games, Fandom, etc
         Dan Keene
         c/o I'M GAME
         102 W. Pine St.
         Warrensburg, MO 64093

              T-Shirts, and general merchandise
         OVER THE EDGE
         1504 Country Ridge Lane
         Baltimore, MD.  21221
         410-687-0876
         --
         Write for a catalog.

              Assorted Trek items. Send SASE for catalog
         Greg Stone
         P.O. Box 508
         Lakewood, CA. 90714

                              SHIPS OF THE FLEET

         Enterprise America
         Suite 271
         12439 Magnolia Boulevard
         North Hollywood, CA  91607
         $12 payable to Jim Lyon

         Star Trek Fan Club of California
         P. O. BOX 7094
         COTATI, CALIF 94931
         --
         $8.00 YEARLY, 12  Newsletters,  Attends  3  or  4  Star  Trek
         Convensions  yearly,  and  has  tables at More than 2 con's a
         year..  Dues Payable to Chris Kren.

         Star Trek The Official Fan Club
         P.O. Box 111000
         Aurora. Co. 80011
         1 yr  $ 11.95/USA, $14.00/CANADA, $23.95/FOREIGN

         STARFLEET
         P.O. Box 430
         Burnsville, NC 28714

         STARFLEET ACADEMY/STARBASE XII
         Starfleet Academy
         P.O. Box 2312
         Evansville, IN 47728

         Data Entries: A Brent Spiner Newsletter
         1853 Fallbrook Ave,
         San Jose, CA  95130
         --
         Quarterly zine focusing on Brent Spiner  and  TNG.   $5/year,
         single  issues $1.50.  Edited by Jim and Melody Rondeau. This
         was the first regular TNG publication.

         IAAPS: The International Audience Alliance For Patrick Stewart
         1411 Colonial Ave #B-5,
         Norfolk, VA  23517
         --
         Patrick  Stewart  fan   organization.    $18/year   domestic,
         $20/year  Canadian, $22/year foreign.  Publishes "Stargazer",
         bimonthly, a zine dedicated to the career of Patrick Stewart,
         zine  reviews,  articles   and   other   information.    Very
         member-oriented.   Edited  by  Kate  Maynard  and  the  IAAPS
         Committee.  Checks payable to IAAPS.

         Imzadi: The Marina Sirtis Newsletter
         3084 Chastain Park,
         Atlanta, GA, 30342
         --
         Marina Sirtis  and  STAR  TREK  fan  organization.   $6/year.
         Publishes "Imzadi," three times/year, dedicated to fan input,
         talks  with Marina, current news and more.  Edited by William
         S. McCullars.  Very chatty, newsy fanzine.

         The Electronic Male
         7914 Creek Trail,
         San Antonio, TX  78250
         --
         Brent Spiner / TNG  review/update  zine.   SASE  for  current
         prices.   Pub-  lished  quarterly;  zine  features updates on
         Brent's career plus reviews and TNG nostalgia.  Edited by  K.
         Joyce McDonald.

         Beverlyophiles
         2116 W. Garfield Blvd,
         Chicago, IL  60609
         --
         Beverly  Crusher  / TNG correspondence zine.  $10/six months,
         $20/thirteen   months.     Published    monthly,    featuring
         correspondence     primarily     oriented     toward    Gates
         McFadden/Beverly Crusher, as well as  current  TNG  conversa-
         tion.  Edited by Kimberley Junius.

         Klingon Assault Group
         NasToj Squadron REC.DEPT.
         245 Citation Dr.
         Henrietta, NY 14467
         --
         I  don't  have  any information on this one. Send SASE

         The Michael Dorn Appreciation Organization
         P.O. Box 185,
         Ellicott City, MD  21043
         --
         Michael Dorn fan  newsletter.   $18/year.   Publishes  "Dorn"
         bimonthly;  zine  focuses  primarily  on  Mr.   Dorn  and the
         Klingons. Edited by Marc B. Lee.  Slick publication.

         Barbara Walker
         17 Gateway Dr.
         Batavia, NY. 14020
         --
         Leonard Nimoy's only  officially,  personaly  authorised  fan
         club. Send SASE to address above for flyer.

         The Picardian
         Contact Marilyn Wilkerson on Compuserve 72371.2517
         If  you know the address for this fan club, please post it so
         I may update  my  list.
         --
         Patrick    Stewart/Picard-oriented    newsletter.    $6/year.
         Published monthly, focusing on the character  of  Picard  and
         the actor, inclined toward the more fannish aspects.

         The Star Trek Welcommittee
         P.O. Drawer 12
         Saranac, MI  48881.
         --
         I don't have any information about this fan club. Send SASE.

         24th Century News
         RR #3 Box 4-B
         Port au Port, Nf. A0N 1T0 Canada
         --
         Atlantic  Canadian  NEXT  GENERATION  Fanzine. For info. send
         SASE.

         I.D.I.C.
         15 Letter Dail
         Cairbbaa, Lochgilphead, Argyl PA31 8SX, Scotland
         --
         IDIC ST CLUB: covers all TREK, bi-monthly  60-84  page  n/ls.
         SAE + $1 to Janet Quarton.

         UTOPE
         P.O. Box 1031
         Carthage, Tx 75633
         --
         The    United   Trekkers   Of   Planet   Earth   is   a   fan
         communication/news exchange group, dedicated to the  original
         crew. newsletter published monthly.

         Tribbles Fan Club
         P.O. Box 543
         Mendocino, Ca. 95460
         --
         Send SASE.

         Inside Trekkers Fan Club
         Edgar B Schodde
         5215 Powhattan St.
         Pittsburgh, Pa. 15224
         --
         Dues  $7. Make checks payable to Edgar B. Schodde. Membership
         includes Starship  diagrams,StarFleet  Officers  regulations,
         Club roster and membership card. Quarterly fanzine

         ASTAF
         c/o Gabriele M. Wrubel
         P.O. Box 365
         A-1211 Vienna
         Austria
         --
         Dues  Austria  AS 250, Europe AS 300, Ask for U.S. Membership
         rates. Monthly Fanzine. Everything is published in German.

         Trek Guide
         P.O. Box 2522
         Renton. Wa. 98056-0522.
         --
         Send SASE.

         East Coast Trekkers
         c/o Richard Brown
         2 Rowan Road
         Martham, Norfolk
         NR29 4RY England
         --
         Send SASE

         Star Trek Toronto Inc.
         Suite 0116, Box 208
         65 Front Street West
         Toronto, Ontario
         CANADA      M5J 1E6
         --
         Holds monthly meetings for members and mail  out  newsletters
         each month as well. Send SASE for more info.

         Continuum
         2753 Fourth Street
         Wyandotte, Mi. 48192
         --
         Here  is a Fanzine for all loyal Q fans. It is authorixed and
         recognized ny John "Q" Delancoie. Write for info. Please send
         SASE.

         3RD FLT HQ
         P.O. Box 710219
         Santee, Ca. 92072-0219
         --
         Starships of the Third Fleet $11 for 6 months.

         LASTASAM STELAL ROM'LNZ
         177th SINDARI
         R.R. 3 Box 107,
         Egg Harbor, NJ. 08215
         in care of Admiral Tomianus or Commander S'Letya.
         --
         Romulan Fan club $12.50 per  year.  $25  to  include  Tshirt.
         Make checks payable to Neil T. White.
                                  CONVENTIONS

         If yot want information about the following conventions. call
         (516) SHOWMAN.

         Los Angeles: May 16-17. Fango Weekend of Horrors. Hyatt Hotel
         with guest Dario Argenta.

         Minneapolis: May 16-17. Convention Center. (Tentative).

         Cincinnati: May 23-24. Convention Center with Gates McFadden.

         Valley Forge: June 20-21. Convention Center.

         Buffalo: June 20-21. Radisson (Formerly the Ramada
         Renaissance) with Gates McFadden.

         Manhattan: June 27-28. Ramada Hotel.

         Manchester, NH: July 11-12. Holiday Inn.

         Portland, Oregon: July 11-12. Holliday Inn Airport with
         Jonathan Frakes.

         Dearborn: July 25-26. Civic Center.

         Reno: Aug 8-9. Pioneer Center.

         Manhattan: Aug 29-30. Ramada Hotel. Annual Show.

                         IMPORTANT DATES FOR STAR TREK
                                  Birthdates

Jan 20  Deforest Kelley              Leonard (Bones) McCoy
Feb 2   Brent Spiner                 Data, Lore, Dr. Noonian Soong
Mar 3   James Doohan                 Montgomery (Scotty) Scott
Mar 22  William Shatner              Captain James T. Kirk
Mar 26  Leonard Nimory               Mr. Spock
Apr 1   Grace Lee Whitney            Janice Rand
Apr 20  George Takei                 Mr. Sulu
Jul 13  Patrick Stewart              Jean-Luc Picard
Jul 29  Wil Wheaton                  Wesley Crusher
Aug 12  Jane Wyatt                   Amanda
Aug 17  Harve Bennett                Star Fleet Chief of Staff
Aug 19  Diana Muldaur                dr. Katherine Pulaski
Aug 19  Gene Roddenberry
Aug 19  Jonathan Frakes              William Riker
Aug 28  Gates McFadden               Dr Beverly Crusher
Sep 8   Star Trek anniversary
Sep 14  Bruce Hyde                   Kevin Riley
Sep 14  Walter Koenig                Chekov
Oct 15  Mark Lenard                  Sarek
Oct 24  John Winston                 Transporter Chief Kyle
Oct 24  Gene Roddenberry's death 1991
Nov 24  Denise Crosby                Natasha Yar, Sela
Dec 9   Michael Dorn                 Worf
Dec 29  Nichelle Nichols             Lt, Uhura


                               TOS EPISODE LIST

No.  Date     Episode                          Brief desc
---  ------  --------------------------------- -------------------------------
  0          The Cage   (Pilot)                Enterprise to Talos IV

  1  1513.1  The Man Trap                      Salt vampire
  2  1533.6  Charlie X                         Teenage boy raised by aliens
  3  1312.4  Where No Man Has Gone Before      crew menbers become god like
  4  1704.2  The Naked Time                    water molecules acts on the brain
  5  1672.1  The Enemy Within                  Transporter Malfunction.
  6  1329.1  Mudd's Women                      Harry Mudd and three women
  7  2712.4  What are Little Girls Made Of?    Roger Korby and clone exp's
  8  2713.5  Miri                              Enterprise helps children
  9  2715.1  Dagger of the Mind                Kirk inspects penal colony
 10  1512.2  The Corbomite Maneuver            Kirk bluffs aliens
 11  3012.4  The Menagerie (Part One)          Spock faces court Martial for
 12  3012.4  The Menagerie (Part Two)          hijacking the Enterprise
 13  2817.6  The Conscience of the King        Kirk investigates an actors past
 14  1709.1  Balance of Terror                 Enterprise chases Romulan ship
 15  3025.3  Shore Leave                       McCoy killed by black knight
 16  2821.5  The Galileo Seven                 Spock commands shuttle & crashes
 17  2124.5  The Squire of Gothos              Kirk & crew held by Trelaine
 18  3045.6  Arena                             Kirk must fight the Gorn
 19  3113.2  Tomorrow is Yesterday             Enterprise thrown back to 1967
 20  2947.3  Court Martial                     Kirk faces court martial(Finney)
 21  3156.2  The Return of the Archons         Kirk and crew confront Landru
 22  3141.9  Space Seed                        Crew find Botany bay with Kahn
 23  3192.1  A Taste of Armageddon             Planets that war with computer
 24  3417.3  This Side of Paradise             Kirk Fights Spock to cure Spock
 25  3196.1  The Devil in the Dark             Crew fight the Horta on Janus 6
 26  3198.4  Errand of Mercy                   Organians stops Klingon Fed. war
 27  3087.6  The Alternative Factor            Lazrus fights his anti-mater twin
 28  3134.0  The City on the Edge of Forever   McCoy Kirk Spock go back to 1930
 29  3287.2  Operation - Annihilate            Kirk kills one celled aliens

 30  3372.7  Amok Time                         Spock to marry T'Pring
 31  3468.1  Who Morns for Adonais             Kirk meets alien Adonais
 32  3451.9  The Changeling                    Kirk destroys the probe NOMAD
 33          Mirror, Mirror                    Crew visit visit paralell universe
 34  3715.0  The Apple                         Crew find and destroy Vaal
 35  4202.9  The Doomsday Machine              Kirk fights planet killer
 36  3018.2  Catspaw                           Kirk & crew meets shape shifters
 37  4513.3  I, Mudd                           Harry Mudd on planet of androids.
 38  3219.4  Metamorphosis                     Zephram Cochrane and companion
 39  3842.3  Journey to Babel                  Sarek & Amanda aboard Enterprise
 40  3497.2  Friday's Child                    Kirk provides weapons to planet
 41  3478.2  The Deadly Years                  crew experience rapid aging
 42  3619.2  Obsession                         Crew fights a gaseous creature
 43  3614.9  Wolf in the Fold                  Scotty accused of brutal murder
 44  4523.3  The Trouble with Tribbles         tribbles on Station K-7 & ship
 45  3211.7  The Gamesters of Triskellion      Race of aliens bet on fights
 46  4598.0  A Piece of the Action             a planet modeled after a book
 47  4307.1  The Immunity Syndrome             Space amoeba that eats ships
 48  4211.4  A Private Little War              Klingons supply weapons to a planet
 49  4768.3  Return to Tomorrow                Three aliens take host bodies
 50  2534.0  Patterns of Force                 John Gill brings Naziism to planet
 51  4657.5  By Any Other Name                 Kelvans take over the Enterprise
 52          The Omega Glory                   Paralell of Earth with United states
 53  4729.4  The Ultimate Computer             Richard Daystrom invents M5 computer
 54  4040.7  Bread and Circuses                Captain Merik of the USS Beagle
 55          Assignment: Earth                 Gary Seven and Roberta Lincoln

 56  5431.4  Spock's Brain                     Spock's brain is removed
 57  5031.3  The Enterprise Incident           Kirk & Spock get Cloaking device
 58  4842.6  The Paradise Syndrome             Kirk looses his memory and marriage
 59  5027.3  And The Children Shall Lead       Children take over the Enterprise
 60  5630.7  Is There In Truth No Beauty?      Blind doctor with Medusan
 61  4385.3  Spectre of the Gun                crew have a gunfight at OK Corral
 62          Day of the Dove                   An alien that feeds on emotions
 63  5476.3  For The World Is Hollow,          Star ship run by computer Oracle
             And I Have Touched the Sky
 64  5693.4  The Tholian Web                   Thoians weave a web around ship
 65  5784.0  Plato's Stepchildren              Aliens with kinetic powers
 66  5710.5  Wink of an Eye                    Scalosians to kidnap men
 67  5121.0  The Empath                        An alien Empath named GEM
 68  4372.5  Elaan of Troyius                  Crew educate Elaan for her marriage
 69  5718.3  Whom Gods Destroy                 Donald Cory tries to take ship
 70  5730.2  Let That Be Your Last Battlefield Race of half white half black aliens
 71  5423.4  The Mark Of Gideon                planet of disease free aliens
 72          That Which Survives               Alien image that kills people
 73  5725.3  The Lights of Zetar               Mora Romaine and energy storm
 74  5843.7  Requiem for Methuselah            Flint an imortal being
 75  5832.3  The Way to Eden                   23rd century hippoes and Eden
 76  5818.4  The Cloudminders                  Troglites mine Zienite
 77  5906.4  The Savage Curtain                Kirk meets Abraham Lincoln
 78  5943.7  All Our Yesterdays                planet that is nearing supernova
 79  5298.5  Turnabout Intruder                Janice Lester takes Kirk's body

                               TAS EPISODE LIST

Order Air Date  PCode Stardate Title
===== ========= ===== ======== ===========================================
   1. Sep 15 73    3A  5373.4  Yesteryear
   2. Sep 22 73    7A  5371.3  One Of Our Planets Is Missing
   3. Sep 29 73    6A  5483.7  The Lorelei Signal
   4. Oct  6 73    1A  5392.4  More Tribbles, More Troubles
   5. Oct 13 73    5A  5143.3  The Survivor
   6. Oct 20 73    2A  5554.4  The Infinite Vulcan
   7. Oct 27 73    9A  1254.4  The Magicks Of Megas-Tu
   8. Nov  3 73   14A  5591.2  Once Upon A Planet
   9. Nov 10 73    8A  4978.5  Mudd's Passion
  10. Nov 17 73   15A  5577.3  The Terratin Incident
  11. Nov 24 73   10A  5267.2  Time Trap
  12. Dec  1 73   13A  5499.9  The Ambergris Element
  13. Dec 15 73   11A  4187.3  Slaver Weapon
  14. Dec 22 73    4A  5521.3  Beyond The Farthest Star
  15. Jan  5 74   16A  5501.2  The Eye Of The Beholder
  16. Jan 13 74   12A  5683.1  Jihad
  17. Sep  7 74   19A  6334.1  The Pirates Of Orion
  18. Sep 14 74   17A  7403.6  Bem
  19. Sep 21 74   20A  3183.3  Practical Joker
  20. Sep 28 74   18A  5285.6  Albatross
  21. Oct  5 74   21A  6063.4  How Sharper Than A Serpent's Tooth
  22. Oct 12 74   22A  6770.3  The Counter-Clock Incident

                               TNG EPISODE LIST

No. T  Date     Episode                        Brief desc
--- -- -------  ------------------------------ ---------------------------------
  1  1 41153.7  Encounter at Farpoint          Q puts the crew on trial
  2  1 41153.7  Encounter at Farpoint          Q puts the crew on trial
  3  1 41209.2  The Naked Now                  Narcotic.
  4  1 41235.25 Code of Honor                  Lutan abducts Tasha
  5  1 41386.4  The Last Outpost               Away team meet Portal
  6  1 41263.1  Where No One Has Gone Before   The Traveller
  7  1 41249.3  Lonely Among Us                Picard and energy beings
  8  1 41255.6  Justice                        Wesley held by the Edo
  9  2 41723.9  The Battle                     Picard and Star Gazer
 10  2 41590.5  Hide and Q                     Q gives Riker power of Q
 11  2 41294.5  Haven                          Wyatt Miller to wed Deanna
 12  2 41997.7  The Big Goodbye                First Dixon Hill appearance
 13  2 41242.4  Datalore                       Data meets his evil brother
 14  2 41636.9  Aangel one                     Crew to find survivors.
 15  3 41365.9  11001001                       Bynars hijack Enterprise
 16  3 41309.5  Too Short a Season             Jamison and youth drug
 17  3 41509.1  When the Bough Break's         Children kidnaped
 18  3 41463.9  Home Soil                      Silicon Life form
 19  3 41416.2  Coming of Age                  Wesley tests for academy
 20  3 41503.7  Heart of Glory                 Worf and fugitive klingons
 21  4 41798.2  The Arsenal of Freedom         All life on Mynos dead
 22  4          Symbiosis                      Drug addicts
 23  4 41601.3  Skin of Evil                   Armus kills Tasha
 24  4 41697.9  We'll Always Have Paris        Picard meets old flame
 25  4 41775.5  Conspiracy                     Little parasites (sick)
 26  4 41986.0  The Neutral Zone               People from the 20th century
 27  5 42073.1  The Child                      Deanna and Ian (Her son)
 28  5 42193.6  Where Silence Has Lease        Enterprise in void
 29  5 42286.3  Elementary Dear Data           Data portrays Sherlock Holmes
 30  5 42402.7  The Outrageous Okona           The life of a rogue
 31  5 42477.2  Loud as a Whisper              Riva the mediator
 32  5 42437.5  The Schizoid Man               Data meets Ira Graves
 33  6 42494.8  Unnatural Selection            Pulaski (Rapid aging)
 34  6 42506.5  A Matter Of Honor              Riker serves aboard the Pagh
 35  6 42523.7  The Measure of a Man           Data on trial
 36  6 42568.8  The Dauphin                    Wesley meets Salia
 37  6 42609.1  Contagion                      Crew discover Iaconia
 38  6 42625.4  The Royale                     Trapped in a cheap Novel
 39  6 42679.2  Time Squared                   Picard meets Picard
 40  6 42686.4  The Icarus Factor              Riker meets his father
 41  7 42695.3  Pen Pals                       Wesley and team save a planet
 42  7 42761.3  Q Who                          Enterprise and Borg (J25)
 43  7 42779.1  Samaritan Snare                Geordi held by Pakleds
 44  7 42823.2  Up the Long Ladder             Send in the clones
 45  7 42859.2  Man Hunt                       Lwaxanna looks for husband
 46  7 42901.3  The Emissary                   Worf meets K'Ehleyr
 47  7 42923.4  Peak Performance               Battle simulation
 48  7 42976.1  Shades Of Gray                 Riker relives his past
 49  8 43125.8  Evolution                      Wesley frees Nanites
 50  8          The Ensigns of Command         Sheliak
 51  8 43152.4  The Survivors                  Old people on destroyed Planet
 52  8 43173.5  Who Watches the Watchers       Primitive Vulcans
 53  8 43198.7  The Bonding                    Worf and Jeremy Aster
 54  8 43205.6  Booby Trap                     Geordi creates Leah Brahms
 55  8 43349.2  The Enemy                      Geordi and Romulan
 56  8 43385.6  The Price                      Wormhole for sale
 57  9 43421.9  The Vengeance Factor           The Gatherers
 58  9 43462.5  The Defector                   Admiral Jarok defects
 59  9 43489.2  The Hunted                     Crew hunts for war criminal
 60  9 43510.7  The High Ground                Picard and Beverly held hostage
 61  9 43539.1  Deja Q                         Q reduced to a mortal
 62  9 43610.4  A Matter of Perspective        Riker accused for murder
 63  9 43625.2  Yesterday's Enterprise         NCC 1701-C meets NCC 1701-D
 64  9 43657.0  The Offspring                  Data creates Lall
 65 10 43685.2  Sins of the Father             Worf before High council
 66 10 43714.1  Allegiance                     Picard held prisoner with 3
 67 10 43745.2  Captains Holiday               Picard finds the Tox Uthat
 68 10 43779.3  Tin Man                        Tam Elbrun rescues Tin Man
 69 10 43807.4  Hollow Pursuits                Barclay's Holodiction
 70 10 43872.2  The Most Toys                  Data Kidnaped by Fagio
 71 10 43917.4  Sarek                          Sarek unstable
 72 10 43930.7  Menage a Troi                  Troi, and Riker kidnaped
 73 11 43958.8  Transfigurations               Beverly and John Doe
 74 11 43989.1  The Best of Both Worlds        The Borg return
 75 11 44001.4  The Best of Both Worlds 2      Picard altered by the Borg
 76 11 44012.3  Family                         Picard visits his home
 77 11 44085.7  Brothers                       Data, Lore, and Soong
 78 11 44143.7  Suddenly Human                 Picard stabbed by Jono
 79 11 44161.2  Remember Me                    Beverly trapped (Warp Bubble)
 80 11 44215.2  Legacy                         Tasha's sister Ishara.
 81 12 44246.3  Reunion                        Worf, K'Ehleyr, and Alexander
 82 12 44286.5  Future Imperfect               Barash captures Riker
 83 12 44307.3  Final Mission                  Picard. Wes, and Dergo crash
 84 12 44356.9  The Loss                       Deanna looses her powers
 85 12 44390.1  Data's Day                     24 hours of Data's life
 86 12 44429.6  The Wounded                    Ben Maxwell starts a war
 87 12 44474.5  Devil's Due                    Picard faces the devil
 88 12 44502.7  Clues                          The crew looses their memory
 89 13          First Contact                  Riker hurt in mob
 90 13 44614.6  Galaxy's Child                 Geordi and the real Leah Brahms
 91 13 44631.2  Night Terrors                  Crew has mass hysteria
 92 13 44664.5  Identity Crisis                Geordi Metamorphosizes
 93 13 44704.2  The Nth Degree                 Barclay turned into computer
 94 13 44741.9  Q-pid                          Picard, Q, & Vash love triangle
 95 13 44769.2  The Drumhead                   Admiral Seti conducts a trial
 96 13 44805.3  Half a life                    Picard's risk to save scientist
 97 14 44821.3  The Host                       Riker lends his body to parasite
 98 14 44885.5  The Mind's Eye                 Geordi captured by Romulans
 99 14 44932.3  In Theory                      Data falls in love
100 14 44995.3  Redemption                     Worf regains honor
101 14 45020.4  Redemption 2                   Sela helps Duras family in war
102 14 45047.2  Darmok                         Picard with alien captain
103 14 45076.3  Ensign Ro                      Enterprise to save Bjoran people
104 14 45122.3  Silicon Avatar                 Dr. Mara destroys Silicon entity
105 15 45156.1  Disaster                       Deanna controls the Enterprise
106 15 45208.2  The Game                       Wesley stops addictive game
107 15 45233.1  The Unification, Part 1        Picard & Data search for Spock
108 15 45245.8  The Unification, Part 2        Unify Vulcan and Romulus
109 15 45349.1  A Matter of Time               Historian from the future
110 15 45376.3  New Ground                     Alexander to stay with Worf
111 16 45397.3  Hero Worship                   Data bonds with an orphan
112 16 45429.3  Violations                     Crew members put into Coma's
113 16 45470.1  The Masterpeice Society        Enterprise to save Utopia
114 16 45494.2  Conundrum                      Crew looses their memories
115 16 45571.2  Power Play                     Mutiny on the Enterprise.
116 16 45587.3  Ethics                         Worf injured, and wants to die
117 17 45614.6  The Outcast                    Enterprise to save Jeni shuttle
118 17 45652.1  Cause and Effect               Enterprise trapped in tome loop
119 17 45703.9  The First Duty                 Training accident at the academy
120 17 45733.6  The Cost of Living             Worf & Alexander have problems
121 17 45761.3  The Perfect Mate               A strange and unusual gift.
                                  WARP SCALES

                                TOS WARP SPEEDS

                    Warp 1              the speed of light
                    Warp 2      8 times the speed of light
                    Warp 3     27 times the speed of light
                    Warp 4     64 times the speed of light
                    Warp 5    125 times the speed of light
                    Warp 6    216 times the speed of light
                    Warp 7    343 times the speed of light
                    Warp 8    512 times the speed of light
                    Warp 9    729 times the speed of light

                                TNG WARP SPEEDS

                    Warp 1              the speed of light
                    Warp 2     10 Times the speed of light
                    Warp 3     39 times the speed of light
                    Warp 4    101 times the speed of light
                    Warp 5    213 times the speed of light
                    Warp 6    390 times the speed of light
                    Warp 7    652 times the speed of light
                    Warp 8   1017 times the speed of light
                    Warp 9   1506 times the speed of light

                               TRANSWARP SPEEDS

                    Warp 1              the speed of light
                    Warp 2     16 times the speed of light
                    Warp 3     81 times the speed of light
                    Warp 4    256 times the speed of light
                    Warp 5    625 times the speed of light
                    Warp 6   1296 times the speed of light
                    Warp 7   2401 times the speed of light
                    Warp 8   4096 times the speed of light
                    Warp 9   6561 times the speed of light


                                   ABOUT SSN

         Sub  Space  News is not affiliated with Paramount, nor any of
         the actors  within  Star  Trek,  and  Paramount  retains  the
         copyrights to any registered logo I may use.

         I   am   dedicating   this  publication  in  memory  of  Gene
         Roddenberry, and to his ideals for the future.

         SSN can be found on the following BBSs, and America Online.

              Granite Cities Best          Higher Powered BBS
              (612) 654-8372               (408) 737-9447
              St.  Cloud, Mn.              Sunnyvale, Ca.
              SysOp Christine Blount       SysOp Bob Jacobson

              Intelec  Online              The Rat Trap
              (516) 867-4447               (801) 561-5025
              Baldwin, NY.                 West Jordan, Utah
              SysOp Cliff Watkins          SysOp Marty Greenlief

              Strawberry Patch             America Online
              (606) 432-0879
              Pikeville, Ky.
              SysOp Terry West

              Cyber Space
              (206) 248-7647
              Seattle, Wa.
              SysOp Michael Brunk

         Live long and prosper.

                          HAILING FREQUENCIES CLOSED

