The sentence for K.Omori 
 
The sentence of the Hokkaido Pref office bombing case" has passed 
for Omori, 1:30pm, 15, July 1994 at the Supreme Court/Tokyo. 
Since the publishment of the judgement has notified within a month
just after the last oral proceedings has held in 6,June, the
defense counsel and Omori defense group have expected that the
bench won't examine hearing ignoring the entire tenor of the
oral proceedings. In consequence, the judgement for Omori was 
"dismissal of an appeal" which we firmly censure. 
 
It was revealed by the judgement that this trial was a "political 
trial" for judging one's thoughts. Despite K.Omori, in fact, was
not involved with the Pref office bombimg, he was convicted of
"one of the criminals" because he had thoughts of "Han-nichi
Bokoku"(anti-Japan/ruining the Japanese state). 
 
Prosecutors and the court authorities have fabricated numbers of
circumstantial evidences and invented eye-witness. Those "co-work"
were piled up and finally an innocent Omori is now in death row.
This trial could be one of the evil court precedents in the 
history of justice that court has convicted a person who has
never made any confession and without any evidences. Especially,
when this sort of injustice is going to be drove forward in 
"public security cases", the time will come  that police and
prosecution authorities have more possibilities for making
activists into "criminals" without any certain  evidence in the 
future. We confirm ourselves that this sentence forms a part of 
the state policy of public supression.
 
15. July, the day of the judgement, many people who's been
involved in defending Omori in the long trial, came to gather to
the Supreme Court. While they were on the queue for having
admission tickets, they unfolded banners apperaling Omori's 
innocence around the south gate of the Supreme Court. 
10 meters(33 feet) of long banner sorrounded along the fence of 
the Supreme Court. Red and black banner with the face of Omori
fluttered. Anarchists brought a black banner reads "Smash the 
supression!" "Death to the low!". A sax-player, Masa, played a
song from the movie "Sacco and Vansetti". A picture story show
was played on the street in front of the Sureme Court to appael 
Omori's innocnece. Neverthless cops were moblized to disperse,
people send cops back out from the street. 1 o'clock pm, people 
got tickets by lots, as only 47 admission tickets were prepared.
Some who lost number had to stay outside. 
 
Before opening a court, the audience has to stand up in general.
However, nobody has stood up at this court. Even press reporters
didn't in this atomosphere. Yes, we have no need to pay any 
respect to the bench. 
Omori was not allowed to attend to the court. The first thing 
the chief justice Katsuya Onishi said "an appeal was dismissed".
He immediately has gone away behind the door with 3 other judges. 
People in the gallary shouted and kicked chairs off. A folding fan
has thrown to the judges. All the hearers refused the order to
leave the court. The bench has gone already so that to give an
order to confine. Many bailiffs were mobilized and few  hearer
were expelled from the court. Even unit of riot cops were ready 
to operate inside the building. Anarchists shouted in chorus
"Free Omori!" "We shall win!" and marched from the court to 
outside. The shouts resounded inside the building.
 
After the injust judgement, the Omori Defense Group and activists 
have gathered at the hall and made speeches in succession 
impeaching the judge authorities. 
>From 6 o'clock pm, a meeting to report the judgement more in
detail and 40 ppeople took part in. People discussed how further
reopening of the proceedings should be made.
 
According to the Japanese juridical system, "the right of inerview
and correspondence" will be largely reduced for the inmate after
having death penalty. For Omori, his rights will soon to be 
reduced in the middle of August. We call on you to send your
messages to Omori. Even after a such reduction from the 
government, we send messages using some other way.
It is forbidden to write in foreign language, but we translate
it and send it to K. Omori. 
Write your message for Omori chosing your "true name" or "fake
name". Whichever is O.K.
You also can get in touch with Omori Defense Group: 
@@@@P.O.box 143  Mori o Mamoru kai , Ueno, Tokyo, Japan 

