Situationist Bibliography

DEBORD, guy
Comments on the society of the spectacle (verso, paper, 94pp)
$14.95
Guy Debord's 1988 self-critique of his classic work, bringing it with
surprising force into the 80s and 90s.

panegyric (verson, paper, 79 pp)
13.95
The first volume of debord's autobiography.

Society of The Spectacle (black and red, paper, 221 pp)
4.50
First published in france in 1967, this amazing work critiques society and
everyday life as "spectacle," stating that we are mediated not only from one
another but from our own lives by a social relation of images that serves to
dominate and discipline our lives; rather than living our lives, we "watch " as
passive spactators.  this book, along with vaneigem's Revolution of everyday
life and the pamphlet "On the Poverty of Student Life" served to galvanize
French students in the late 60s and had a direct impact upon the May 68
uprising.

The veritable Split In The International (Chronos, paper, 138 pp)
14.95
The publication that ended the Situationist International in 1972, this book
contains the "These on the SI and its Time" by debord and Sanguinetti, by then
the only remaining members.

KNABB, ken
The Bureau of Public Secrets (BoPS, pamphlets, 39pp)
2.00
The first issue of the california-based pro-situ journal from the early 70s.

The realization and suppression of religion (BoPS, pamphlet, 15pp)
1.00
A situationist critique of religion, including digs at the ego-maniacs in the
SI.

The relevance of rexroth (BoPS, paper, 88pp)
5.00
A situationist biographical examination of kenneth rexroth, the important
anarchist poet of the twentieth centurey.

Situationist inernational anthology (jBoPS, paper, 406 pp)
15.00
A massive collection of articles and excerpts from the full run of the journal
INTERNATIONALE SITUATIONNISTE, including pre-SI lettrist material and documents
from the May 68 uprising.

SANGUINETTI, Gianfranco
On terrorism and the state (Chronos, paper, 101 pp)
7.00
According to Sanguinetti, terrorism and the state are two sides of the same
spectacle, each complementing and reinforcing the other, with the state making
use of terrorism to strengthen its position of domination.


SITUATIONIST INTERNATIONAL
on the poverty of student life (dark star/rebel press, pamphlet, 32pp)
1.95
Classic pamphlet of the ;mid-late 60s in france that received direct
condemnation by authorities and fanned the flames of discontent among student
radicals.

VANEIGEM, raoul
the book of pleasures (Pending press, paper, 105 pp)
11.95
"All pleasure is creative if it avoids exchange. Loving what pleases me, I have
to build a space in life exposed as little as possible to pollution by
business, or i will not find the strenght to bring the old world down, and the
fungus among us will rot my dreams.  while the state is in disarray, strike
hard at business and its friends.  doing exactly what you feel like is
pleasure's greatest weapon, connecting individual acts with collective
practice; we all do it.  if rejecting survival made the l968 movement, taking
hold of life will open the era of universal self-management."

the revolution of everyday life (left bank/rebel press, paper, 216 pp)
11.95
the classic complement to debord's society of the spectacle, vaneigem examines
the minutia of power as "abstracted mediation and mediated abstraction" that
permeates everyday life and the means of seizing control of our lives and truly
living.

WOLLEN , Peter, et al
On the passage of a few people through a rather brief moment in time (MIT
Press, paper, 200 pp) 
14.95
This book contains essays by guy debord, greil marcus and thoman levin, as well
as original texts, photographs, comics, film still and color plates of the
situationist work organized in late 1989 and early 1990.  an excellent
compilation.

PLANT, Sadie
the most radical gesture:  the situationist international in a postmodern age


Perennial Books is John Petrovato and Chris Halls, with immense assistance from
Max "the Shadow" blechman.

the catalog is excellent and well worth sending john a couple bucks for costs.  

send orders to:  
Perennial Books, 
PO BOX B14
Montague, MA  01351

send 1.50 for the first book, and .25 for ea. additional book that you order.

