ANARCHYINALBION? -  Frater Nexhagus XXIII - part 1 of 4

Since the 23rd of May 5994 AM, the I.O.D and a varied assortment 
of other associates commenced conducting detailed research and 
documenting data concerning the cornucopia of coincidental 
connections and conspiracies involving the events surrounding the 
(then forthcoming) first ever ANARCHY IN THE U.K. festival in 
order to make the proposed week of @NARCHY, an unforgettable 
success for all the participants involved. On this very same day 
a campaign to recognise the existence of UFOs was presented to 
Parliament. This month is also the Month of The Goddess being so 
very sacred to FreeMasons - May`s Sons. Between this period and 
the 23rd of October 5995 AM, a now discontinued series of five 
bulletins were dispatched outlining various disinformation 
concerning prank paradigms designed for the disorganisors of this 
proposed initial anarcho-fest. [The 23rd is a has been noted by 
many as being a notorious day for UFO visitations (especially on 
ley-lines), and the chosen date for the 'levitation' came as no 
surprise to many UFOlogists as they somehow believed that the 
Space Brothers would arrive to aid in the ritual). The plain 
truth was that nobody at all knew what exactly would really take 
place at Westminster's sinister Palace!?!

The `Levitation of Parliament' was just one of the many instances 
of illuminated insurrection scheduled to take place, and one in 
which the I.O.D were thought to be the Prime Movers in concerning 
its inception and involvement and initiation. This may (or may 
not) be true, but many still believe that we were involved up to 
the hilt in this cunning conspiracy of chaos and confusion. 

The Palace of Westminster is a well-known building of 
bureaucracy, and thereby, of course, is a sacred Discordian 
shrine, because the Byzantine bureaucracy enshrined there helps 
to illustrate so wonderfully the basic Discordian sociological 
law enunciated in `The Gospel according to Fred`: "Imposition of 
Order = Escalation of Chaos". [All Members of Parliament also 
just happen to be honorary Discordian Saints, belonging to the 
Order of Order Order, also known as the Knights of the Yea & Nay. 
But, that forms the basis of an even longer topic which we won`t 
go into here...] An equally notorious building of bureaucracy is 
the highly controversial Canary Wharf Tower, a prize monument to 
nineteen eighties designer fascism and another holy-shrine to 
Discordians worldwide. A chaotic bureaucratic place constructed 
out of financial & business corruption of the highest disorder.)

It was predicted by some that Parliament would be levitated 500ft 
into the polluted Capital City`s air (the Yippies only wanted to 
achieve 300ft, but an extra 200ft was believed to serve 
sufficient to reach the all-important figure of 500ft (to 
complete Adam Weishaupt`s Law of Fives and the Discordian 23 
enigma). [Ideally, this extra amount of levitation space should 
have been 223ft, purely in order to reach the far more important 
cabbalistic/synchronistic number of 523. And to further fulfil 
and furthur the true Discordian legacy that is attached to that 
important figure of divine destiny - Please refer to the 
autobiography of Carl Gustav Jung or the musings of avant-garde 
art-director extraordinaire Ken Campbell for more information on 
this particular instance of perplexing phenomena].

Since these `Serious` buildings are purpose built propaganda for 
order and occupy sacred spaces we are left with no other options 
but to negate their conspiratorial control. The I.O.D realize 
that modern-day Britain is in a constant state of flux and aim to 
disconnect the closed-circuit of control that the holy trinity of 
architects, builders and inhabitants have possessed under their 
powers.

The I.O.D continued to be at the centre of a storm of controversy 
during the months leading up to the 'levitation'. It appeared 
that some individuals misunderstood our motivations for 
participation in the events during the so-called Autumn of 
Anarchy and claimed certain unfair allegations against us. These 
persons have now been correctly informed concerning our 
participation and intentions. Although, in some cases, certain 
individuals did decide not to participate in the `levitation' (or 
not to be involved with anything to do with the Anarchy in the 
U.K. festival at all). We must state however that our intentions 
were not politically motivated.(e.g. The proposed secondary 
target of `levitation' at Canary Wharf Tower was just as valid as 
the action that took place at The Palace of Westminster. If that 
alternative event should have occured at the time, it may well 
have been much easier to levitate as (like the Pentagon) it is a 
Five-sided figure (which always stands for evil in most world 
religions) and such figures can be easily made to `float` if 
surrounded by a circle of people (as demonstrated by the Yippies 
back in 1967). 

[It has also been suggested by a Discordian agent living in the 
shadow of the evil Five-sided pyramid`s powerful presence, that 
if an attempt to levitate this structure is made, the building 
may very well shoot up into space like a large rocket. Although, 
we can not confirm this, it should be noted that Canary Wharf 
Tower will be an ideal secondary choice for a number of reasons. 
{Apart from the odd occult football fact that Pele also has a 
plaque placed here, and the I.O.D acronym could also possibly 
stand for the `Isle Of Dogs`!?!}]

The comments levelled in certain quarters that the `levitation' 
and the whole `Anarchy in the U.K.' event was to be a 
"spectacle". This was an obvious understatement. The I.O.D aim to 
immanentize the illusion of everyday life and via such 
revolutionary actions the control processes that attempts to bind 
our daily lives together is shown up as the sham that it really 
is. In the initial disinformation concerning the proposed events 
which were dispatched over a year previous to the `Anarchy in the 
U.K.' events it was clearly stated that the festival was in fact, 
to be a SPECTACLE! This matter did not bother the I.O.D (or 
apparently the actual disorganisers of the Anarchy in the UK 
event) in the slightest, for even if it was purported to be a 
`Joke Jihad`, `Convergence of Chaoists" or conveniently filed 
away under any other irrelevant intellectual label... "the whole 
purpose of the charade is [was] to drown intelligent thought in a 
sea of empty slogans". This should have come as no surprise to 
anyone, and we will always be eternally thankful to all those who 
aim to publicise our intentions via their own popular brand of 
propaganda.

It also came to our attention early on in the proceedings of the 
preparations that the `anarchist' group mentioned in a newspaper 
clipping in one of the levitation updates was in fact a publicity 
stunt by the Jeremy Beadle Fan Club (based in Bristol). This was 
to draw attention to the current run of the arch prankster's 
popular TV shows and had no connection whatsoever with the 
Anarchy in the U.K. event. Furthermore, the JBFC President 
(J.S.Coventry) informed us to point out that they also have at no 
time had any affiliations with the Neoist Alliance or the London 
Psychogeographical Association).

However, the I.O.D do not hold any grudges or malice against 
these individuals, but hold out our hands in friendship for 
future collaborations yet to come. The I.O.D are neither left nor 
right, but above (as below) and beyond. We dismiss all ideology & 
dogma and criticize all religious and political beliefs. Nothing 
is sacred. Abolish Everything!

1. Abolition of monarchies and all ordered government.
2. Abolition of private property and inheritances.
3. Abolition of patriotism and nationalism.
4. Abolition of family life and the institution of marriage.
5. Abolition of all religion.

In order to carry out this ritual of ridicule and to participate 
in other assorted activities connected with O.M, we inevitably 
stumbled into the shadowy arena of politics and media both 
backwards and blindfolded. By monkey-wrenching the media to our 
own advantage, and never ever missing a chance to infiltrate (or 
infuriate) the mass media-machine with unfounded rumours, 
sensationalised scandalous stories, tremendously tall tales, and 
ludicrous lies we successfully managed to bypass their bullshit 
detectors and suprise them by actually going ahead and doing 
something that others usually only dream or imagine of 
accomplishing.

We have all been lied to by the mass media. We have been told 
that the media friendly concepts of hippie, yippie and punk are 
dead. In reality what has happened is that the `flower children` 
have grown thorns! This movement has no name, it cannot be 
categorised (even though THEY will try), the sole aim and slogan 
of this imaginative grouping of diverse individuals will be to 
"SUBVERTTHEDOMINANTPARADIGM!"

Many people have considered the idea that the 90`s are the 60`s 
upside down, and this analogy is not too far away from the truth. 
It is also widely known that the influential book that describes 
a fascist dominated society in `1984` written by George Orwell in 
1948 (which gained its title from a reversal of the year in which 
it was written) is much more prophetic when you realise the 
reversal of the year it was published is 1949 (=1994). Big 
Brother is now with us, as part of the Masonic Brotherhood`s 
Conspiracy).

Instead of being a pale carbon copy of the Yippies` Pentagon 
Levitation, it was necessary to plagiarise and erase certain 
aspects of that first powerful ritual held during the summer of 
love. Perhaps, the date chosen was the most appropriate time to 
re-enact and deconstruct this important symbolic act of 
Discordian dissent:

5967AM = 1967 = 1+9+6+7 = 23 = Thee Summer Ov L-Ov-E 
5976AM = 1976 = 1+9+7+6 = 23 = Thee Summer Ov Anarchy 
5994AM = 1994 = 1+9+9+4 = 23 = Thee Autumn Ov Anarchy

The Illuminati calendar is based on five seasons (due to Adam 
Weishaupt`s `Law of Fives`). The final of these fifth seasons, 
Grummet (Season of Aftermath) starts on the 20th of October and 
ends on the 31st of December. The age of Grummet begins with an 
upsurge of magickians, hoaxers, Yippies, Kabouters, shamans, 
clowns, and other Eristic forces. After the age of Grummet has 
passed, all authority has collapsed entirely. The calendar`s 
cycle then repeats itself...

Everything is dated from year 1 AM (Anno Mung), which is 4000 B.C 
in the Xtian calendar - the year that Hung Mung first perceived 
the Sacred Chao and achieved illumination. Thus Hassan I Sabbah 
founded the Sect of Hashishim in 5776 AM, Weishaupt reformed the 
Illuminati in 5776 AM, and therefore 1994 in the Xtian calendar 
is, to the Illuminati, 5994 AM, just as it is in the calendar 
used by Royal Arch masons.

The Illuminati date for anything is always a higher number than 
that in any other calendar, since the Jews (and, oddly, the 
Scotch Rite masons) date everything from 240AM, Confucians from 
312AM, Xtians from 4000AM, Moslems from 4580AM, etc. Only Bishop 
Usher, who dated everything from 4004 B.C (or -4 AM) produced an 
older starting point than the Illuminati. [According to The 
Chronologia Sacra (Oxford 1650) the 17th Century Archbishop James 
Usher of Armagh, Ireland, stated, "The world was created on the 
23rd October, 4004 B.C at 6 O'clock in the evening." However, 
some sources indicate that creation commenced on a Sunday morning 
at 9am on 23/10/4004 B.C. It is currently thought that Eris was 
personally responsible for this confusion! [It`s also 
Chulalongkorn day in Thailand. "Happy Chulalongkorn!"]

THE CONSPIRACY BEHIND THE CONSPIRACY.
The Conspiracy (in this particular instance the corrupt 
controlling powers that attempt to affect us all via the Mother 
of all Parliaments) was temporarily averted by the highly 
symbolic action scheduled to take place at the Palace of 
Westminster on the 23/10/5994 AM (forming a part of the ongoing 
long-term Discordian project known as "Operation Mindfuck"). The 
prime objective of this powerful ritual (entitled "The Great 
Mother versus The Great Mother Fucker") was intended to initiate 
the immanentization of the Eschaton. According to our chaotic 
calculations the fragile polarization of the political framework 
of the Disunited Queendom started to falter and crumble shortly 
after the ritual had taken place. [N.B The Tory Sleaze Campaign 
that occured during this period of time was entirely down to us!]

The agitational actions employed during the festival were 
particularly effective by highlighting well-deserving 
subjects/objects of ridicule and additionally represented both 
the current cultural conspiracies and political alternatives to 
capitalist and fascist domination. 

Representatives of the Neoist Alliance, the I.O.D and T.O.P.Y 
London carried out a clandestine meeting shortly after the 
Autumnal Vernal Equinox (23/9/5994 A.M) at a mystery location in 
the Capital where a powerful blessing ritual took place. This 
followed a preparatory planning meeting held at 2:30pm that day 
in which The Five met to conspire. The results of this congress 
have yet to be fully revealed...

[Following the publication of the penultimate bulletin dispatched 
by the I.O.D on the 17th of October 5994AM, agents of the I.O.D 
(together with other occult officials of the O.O.O and members of 
T.O.P.Y LONDON) took part in a re-enaction ritual during which a 
replica of the intended target was appropriately charged using 
occult means. This then set forth the required energies enabled 
to confront the evil edifice. The structure was surveyed and a 
mock model of Parliament was constructed to be `experimented` 
with. This was then be ceremonially burnt as an effigy, and the 
the ashes sprinkled on the site of the intended 'levitation' 
ritual in an act of sympathetic magick. This ritual was 
accomplished on the 17th of October in order to fit in with the 
correlation of the 17/23 enigma.]

