
DO YOU WORK FOR McDONALD'S?
ARE YOU SICK OF LOW WAGES?

Would you prefer a decent pay rise, guaranteed hours, overtime pay
and an end to humiliating "performance reviews"?

ARE YOU SICK OF SEEING PEOPLE INJURED?
Even McDonald's admit that burns, slips and falls etc are BIG
problems.

ARE YOU SICK OF BEING BOSSED AROUND?
Do you want RIGHTS, and freedom from being constantly watched and
treated like being in the Army? Do you want an end to harassment
and unfair dismissals?

ARE YOU SICK OF POOR WORKING CONDITIONS?
Do you want relief from continual pressures to work hard, to
'hustle', to cut corners with safety procedures? Do you want
decent breaks, and to smile when YOU feel like it?

ARE YOU SICK OF McDONALD'S?
Are you fed up with all the crawling to bigwigs from Head Office,
the company's inane propaganda, and their processed food?

DO YOU WANT TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT ?
Did you know that McDonald's spends well over one billion dollars
worldwide every year on ads and promotions to boost their image -
yet they can't, for example, find a single penny to pay overtime.
The aim is: get profits UP, and wage costs DOWN.

No wonder so many chuck the job in. But those who stay can fight
to improve things....See over for details of what you can do.


Phone 0171 249 8086

to contact the McDonald's Workers Support Group.


STANDING UP TO McDONALD'S

There have been disputes and strikes in a number of countries, and
in some the company has been forced to accept trade unions and
workers' rights. In Canada last year a 16 year old crew member,
keeping it secret from management, single-handedly signed up over
half of the workers in her store into a trade union.

Managers Arrested   -   at this moment in France, 5 Store Managers
are awaiting trial for refusing to recognize crew members' rights
and trade union elections in their stores. A strike has also taken
place there.

McDonald's On Trial At The High Court   -   The company's business
practices are currently under the spotlight in a mammoth libel
trial at the High Court in London (set to continue till December
1995). Two supporters of London Greenpeace are defending leaflets
criticizing McDonald's, including a whole section criticizing crew
pay and conditions.

35 ex-workers have come forward to help them by giving evidence of
what really goes on inside the stores. This will benefit all
McDonald's workers by forcing the company onto the defensive. So
now's the time to organize!

"Its their right to join a Union if they so choose."

 - Paul Preston, McDonald's UK President, in the High Court,
 5.7.94


WHAT YOU CAN DO

Obviously you'll need to be careful. But you can:

- copy these leaflets to give secretly to your mates, including at
other stores

- find out and demand your legal rights, and use company grievance
procedures

- anonymously tip off local press and others about in-store
conditions (including food quality and hygiene)

- refuse to play the 'hustle' game

- build up solidarity amongst staff by getting together in the
crew room, or better still by socializing together or organizing
meetings outside the store to talk about problems

- secretly join a trade union and get others to do so as well.


HOW WE CAN HELP - We're trades unionists and low paid workers like
yourselves who've clubbed together to set up the McDonald's
Workers Support Group. We can provide information on your legal
rights  - industrial tribunals, health and safety rights,
employment and anti-discrimination laws.

We can send you more of these leaflets (free), plus more detailed
ones. Also general advice on standing up to McDonald's - we've had
the same sort of experiences as you have! Most importantly we're
building up a nationwide support network to provide information
and to promote solidarity for all McDonald's workers wanting to
fight for their rights. We know that people gain confidence and
strength when they have back-up.

Some McDonald's workers have already contacted us about getting
involved. How about you and your workmates?  For more details
contact us at the address/phone number below. Send us your ideas
or grievances!  All info treated confidentially.

McDonald's Workers Support Group - Phone 0171 249 8086 (24hrs).

c/o Hackney Trade Union Support Unit, Colin Roach Centre, 10a
Bradbury St, London N16.



