
SEVEN DAYS THAT SHOOK THE CORPORATION

McLibel Support Campaign
c/o 5 Caledonian Road
London N1 9DX  UK
Tel/fax +44-171-713 1269

SEVEN DAYS THAT SHOOK THE CORPORATION--12th - 18th OCTOBER, 1995

	12th October 1995, the third anniversary of the death by
	electrocution of a McDonald's worker, was a DAY OF SOLIDARITY WITH
	McDONALD'S WORKERS in the UK.  

	On 16th October, there were
	INTERNATIONAL PROTESTS to mark the 11th annual WORLDWIDE DAY OF
	ACTION AGAINST McDONALD'S.  

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DAY OF SOLIDARITY WITH McDONALD'S WORKERS

12th October, 1995

Protests and leafletting at over 15 regional locations around the
UK took place on the third anniversary of the death of Mark
Hopkins, a worker electrocuted at McDonald's Arndale store in
Manchester.  During the McLibel Trial, Jill Barnes (McDonald's UK
Safety Officer) was challenged by the Defendants over a previously
confidential internal Report into Mark's death.  The Report had
not been disclosed at Mark's inquest and was only disclosed by
McDonald's to the Defendants days before Jill Barnes took the
stand.  The inquest had decided that Mark's death was an
'accident'.  But the McDonald's Report had catalogued a number of
company failures and problems, and had made the damning
conclusion: "Safety is not seen as being important at store
level".

Parents of Electrocuted Worker Demand New Inquest

Maureen Hopkins (Mark's mother) organised a picket at the Arndale
Centre store which 40 people attended.  The discovery of the
Report and other documents also not shown to the inquest jury has
lead the Hopkins' family to DEMAND THAT A NEW INQUEST BE HELD.
Legal action is now being prepared.

"I think the Report should have been put before the inquest.  It
may have made a difference.  It was horrendous to go to the
Arndale McDonald's but I needed to do it in Mark's memory.  I've
always known there was something wrong with the outcome of the
inquest into my son's death.  We haven't got peace of mind and
Mark can't rest in peace while this new evidence, which has come
to light during the libel trial, has not been seriously
investigated.  I won't give up.  We want a new inquest.  We're not
bitter against the company but we want justice for our son and I
won't rest until we get it." - Maureen Hopkins

Over 25 people joined a picket in Central London, organised by the
Support Network for McDonald's Workers.  The Network is run by a
group of trade unionists in Hackney, aiming to provide advice and
information, and to promote solidarity for all McDonald's workers
wanting to fight for their rights.  In addition, many other stores
across the country, and as far afield as Canada, were leafletted
with information about employment rights (particularly concerning
health and safety) by trade unionists and labour movement
activists and supporters.

"I want every McDonald's worker to stand up for their rights,
which is why I am backing this support campaign 100%.  In this
way, Mark's death will not have been in vain." - Maureen Hopkins

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

WORLDWIDE DAY OF ACTION AGAINST McDONALD'S  16th October, 1995

October 16th 1995 was the 11th annual Worldwide Day of Action
Against McDonald's (also UN 'World Food Day').  Many people around
the world handed out the "What's Wrong With McDonald's" or similar
leaflets, or protested against McDonald's in some other way on or
around that day.

UK - HALF OF McDONALD'S UK STORES LEAFLETTED

There was leafletting and protests outside of approx. half of the
600 McDonald's UK stores.  In addition to leafletting the public
with "What's Wrong With McDonald's" leaflets, at many stores
McDonald's workers were handed special leaflets expressing
opposition to low pay and exploitation, and offering solidarity
and encouragement to organise for their rights.  1.5 million
"What's Wrong With McDonald's" leaflets have so far been handed
out on the streets in the UK since the writs were served on the
Mclibel Two.  McDonald's attempt to suppress freedom of speech has
completely backfired.

McDonald's European Headquarters, London - This was recently the
scene of a residents' victory: McDonald's failed in their attempt
to obtain planning permission for an outlet at the HQ following
fierce local opposition to their plans.  At the demonstration on
16th, the 30 protesters included a person dressed in a 'litter
suit' made from discarded items of McDonald's packaging, and a
person dressed as a McDonald's worker, who was chained to a large
mock-up burger, symbolising McDonald's exploitation of workers.
Bags full of McDonald's litter were returned to the company to
highlight the problems of waste, pollution and litter caused by
the company's excessive packaging.

Greater Manchester - 20 to 25 of the 30 stores in Greater
Manchester were leafletted.  Some people cycled from one store to
another, and in Bolton an effigy of Ronald McDonald was hanged.


West Midlands - at least 15 of the 30 stores in the Black Country
were leafletted over 3 days.  In Wolverhampton town centre, people
flocked to a stall where activists were giving out free veggie
burgers, each one wrapped in a "What's Wrong With McDonald's"
leaflet.

Greater London - approx. 75 of the 150 stores were leafletted.


Scotland - there were pickets in Dundee, Glasgow, Edinburgh (a 40
strong demonstration), and Stirling.

USA & CANADA

There were several protests that we know of across North America:
in Chicago, State College (Pennsylvannia), Montreal, Denver and
Boulder (Colorado), Huntington Beach (California), Guelph
(Ontario),  Ashedille (North Carolina) and Keaau (Hawaii)

Rock 'N' Roll McDonald's, Chicago - the demonstrators were
demanding that the life-size statues of the Beatles in this outlet
be removed on the grounds that Paul & Linda McCartney have donated
money to the McLibel Campaign, and that both Paul McCartney and
George Harrison are vegetarians.

Guelph, Ontario - trade unionists, environmentalists and animal
rights activists (including ex-McDonald's workers) distributed
anti-McD flyers, information for the workers, and info on
vegetarianism for 3 hours outside a store.  The protesters lowered
the Canadian and McDonald's flags to half-mast to mark the third
anniversary of the death of Mark Hopkins and in memory of the
millions of animals slaughtered by the fast food giant every
year.

AOTEAROA (NEW ZEALAND)    Dunedin - 12 protesters made their
presence felt at the Dunedin store, and found support from
McDonald's customers and staff.  They passed out leaflets critical
of McDonald's global operations and called attention to the impact
of its operations in Dunedin, soon to be expanded with two new
outlets.

There were also protests in Auckland.

NORWAY    Oslo - 15 people demonstrated on 14th outside McDonald's
and handed out 4,000 leaflets.

Trondheim - On the opening day of the second store in Trondheim
(October 10th), 17 activists blocked the drive-thru with a big
banners saying "Boycott McDonald's" and "McDollars".  On 14th
October, a demo was held at Trondheim's other store.  A person
dressed as Ronald McDonald with a big "McProfit" poster on his
back.  He handed balloons painted with "McMurder", "McDollars",
"Boycott McDonald's" etc. to children, and flyers with information
about McDonald's to passersby.  There was also a protest in
Bergen.

FRANCE    Champs Elysees, Paris - 16 people picketted the Champs
Elysees McDonald's for 3 hours on 13th Oct with banners
highlighting the links between meat eating and starvation in the
third world, and the company's exploitation of workers.  The
managers were so incensed that they called the Chief Executive of
McDonald's France and threatened to sue the protesters!  They
handed out over 1,000 leaflets.  McDonald's are now planning to
erect fences around the store!

IRELAND    Dublin - 7,000 leaflets were handed out by activists
wearing "McGarbage" T-shirts outside the two main stores in the
city centre on 16th.  Local radio stations broadcast details of
the demonstration throughout the day.

AUSTRALIA    There were benefit concerts and protests in various
cities, including Sydney and Brisbane.

Other demonstrations that we know of occurred in:

Italy (Turin), Brazil (Sao Paulo), Portugal (Lisbon, Oporto,
Aveiro), Germany (Stuttgart, Munich), Netherlands (8 actions in
Amsterdam, Njmegan, Utrecht, Omlow), Greece (Athens), Belgium,
Denmark (Copenhagen), Spain (Madrid, Malaga, Valencia), Finland,
and various countries in Eastern Europe.

If you know of any further protests against McDonald's in October
(or at any other time), we would be grateful if you could let us
know about them.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. McLibel Support Campaign                              Press Office  
PO Box 62                                        Phone/Fax 802-586-9628
Craftsbury VT 05826-0062                    Email dbriars@world.std.com
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
http://www.interlog.com/eye/Misc/McLibel 
http://student.uq.edu.au:80/~s002434/mcl.html
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
To subscribe to the "mclibel" listserve, send email 

     To: majordomo@world.std.com
Subject: <not needed>
   Body: subscribe mclibel

To unsubscribe, change the body to "unsubscribe mclibel"


