The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

NEWS FROM GREECE

 Greek anarchists in Kavala have  been  much  involved  in  anti-
fascist  activity  over  the last year. A two day event attracted
some 50 people to discussion groups on the first day with numbers
quadrupling  the  second  day  largely  no  doubt  given the free
concert that was thrown in... linked in with this a group of some
7   anarchists   distributing   literature  in  the  town  centre
concerning anti-fascism and also calling for  the  liberation  of
Balafas,  Michou and Kiriakopoulos were arrested by police, taken
to the cop shop where the police set  about  trying  to  frighten
them  before  releasing  them  after  about  an  hour. This event
managed to get them some coverage on local radio.
 Another event to support the prisoners involved showing  a  film
'Brazil' which was followed up by a spot of graffitti in the town
leading to three  arrests.  They  were  charged  with  'polluting
public buildings'.

*

 Balafas is a 'social struggler' who, along with  his  girlfriend
Michou  and  his  friend  Kiriakopoulos, were charged, last year,
with 'terrorism' on spurious  grounds.  Unsurprisingly  the  main
reason for the authorities interest in him is the large amount of
anti-authoritarian activity he has been participating  in.  Their
trial  took  place  at the end of last year. They were given a 25
day prison sentence which was 'bought  off'  plus  a  three  year
conditional discharge.
 The  Kavala  group  (anarcho-pacifist)  is  now  organising  the
publication  of  a  bulletin about activity in Greece which it is
hoped will be circulated every other month.


 The Barcelona group  of  Solidaridad  Obrera  reports  on  anti-
anarchist oppression by the authorities in Portugal. The Judicial
Police  released  a  story  that  an  anarchist  group  had  been
responsible   for   the   abduction  and  torture  of  a  leading
industrialist which had as its aim to extort money. The basis for
the  allegations  would  seem to be that an 'anarchist manifesto'
was found in the house where  the  industrialist  had  been  held
captive  which  had  been  published  by  the  A  Hidra anarchist
collective. In disassociating themselves from the kidnapping they
released a communiqu from which the following is taken...

Anyone who knows anything about anarchism knows that  kidnapping,
emprisonment,  torture  etc.  are not properly speaking anarchist
methods but rather those  of  nazis,  religious  fundamentalists,
members  of  the  Irish  Republican  Army and other authoritarian
organisations... Could it be that the police simply  didn't  like
the  propaganda  that  anarchists  have been putting out recently
against the criminal activities of Nazi groups?

Information from Solidaridad Obrera No. 247.



