At War with the Truth
The True Story of Searchlight Agent Tim Hepple

This booklet is about a man of many possible faces and many possible 
allegiances. For the mainstream media and readers of the anti-fascist 
magazine Searchlight Tim Hepple was simply a member of the fascist 
British National Party who 'saw the light' and approached Searchlight 
asking if he could act as a mole for them. As such he seemed to follow in
the footsteps of other Searchlight moles, the most famous being Ray Hill 
who in 1984 in a blaze of publicity and a World in Action documentary 
'came out' exposing his former friends in the far right. 

In April 1994 in a dramatic World in Action programme Tim Hepple appeared 
on camera as a source helping expose the violent Nazi group Combat 18. 
However, at the end of April a pamphlet 'A Lie Too Far', exposed Hepple 
as an agent provocateur in the Anarchist movement. This pamphlet focused 
on the list of names and details  of C-18 thugs which Hepple encouraged 
Green Anarchist magazine to publish. The list contained many factual 
errors and  was composed with intention of getting Anarchists arrested 
and encouraging C18/BNP members to mount-counter attacks. However the 
list had another purpose. They had been designed to put Green Anarchist 
under attack on 3 fronts - arrested by the state, attacked by C18/BNP 
thugs and also by anti-fascists. This would come about because after 
Green Anarchist had published them Searchlight would 'expose' the lists 
as being supplied by Nazis. The resulting smears would open the target up 
to attack from the Left/anti-fascists. It was this third front of desired 
assault - by their own comrades on the Left - that points most clearly in 
the direction of list passing as being part of MI5's current battle plan.

Luckily O'hara was able to prevent Green Anarchist from publishing the
lists, but unfortunatly, unknown to him, Tim Scargill of the Class War
Organisation was also passed a copy of this list (by presumed
Searchlight assets still under investigation) and published himself. As
O'hara had predicted Scargill was immediately attacked as a being a
fascist. 

O'hara responded by working on with Green Anarchist and Tim Scargill to 
produce a pamphlet, A Lie Too Far (ALTF), to try repair some of the damage 
and to prevent such events happening again. In ALTF Searchlight magazine, 
it editor Gerry Gabble, Ray Hill and Tim Hepple were accused of 
implementing a plot to physically and politically subvert the Anarchist 
movement. Searchlight was plotting against the British left. Why? Some 
would answer that Searchlight is an arm of the secret state. This 
pamphlet certainly does. Many years ago Duncan Campbell in the New 
Statesman unearthed a document which incontrovertibly showed that Gerry 
Gable had spread disinformation on behalf of MI5. This 'Gable 
Memorandum' was recently published by Lobster Magazine (issue 24).

ALTF contains extracts from letters which Hepple wrote to Green 
Anarchist's editor, and this publication uses letters not disclosed in 
ALTF to prove beyond doubt that Hepple was an agent provocateur. It is up 
to you to decide whether you should continue to buy searchlight. If you 
do- remember Searchlight is a thoughly discredited organisation serving 
the secret states' agenda.

copies available from all good bookshops still standing and for 2 pounds 
in stamps or blank PO's from

BM BOX 4769, London, WC1N 3XX

or Green Anarchist Mail Order, c/o 151b London Road, Camberley, Surrey, 
GU15 3JY

