
McLIBEL SUPPORT CAMPAIGN

c/o 5 Caledonian Road, London, N1 9DX.  Tel/Fax  0171 713 1269


January 1995 Supporters Mailout

Dear friends,

It's now 6 months since the trial began on June 28th last year.
It is now scheduled to continue until the end of 1995 (on course
for the longest libel trial in British history).  It is proving to
be a detailed, complex, controversial case, and a highly
embarrassing experience for McDonald's.

TRIAL RESTARTS WED 11th JAN 2pm - Join the picket 1-3pm outside
the High Court, Strand WC2.

Part of the demonstration will be a caged battery chicken and a
chained McDonald's worker.

Putting The Corporation On Trial - So far the spotlight has been
on the junk food giant's business practices, in particular the
effects of packaging, diet and ill-health and advertising.  Helen
and Dave have questioned 29 witnesses so far, 18 for McDonald's
(including 8 executives/dept heads) and 11 for the Defense (mainly
experts).  Only 150 more witnesses to go!  The next major issues
are food poisoning and animal welfare, followed by over 60
witnesses on McDonald's workers' rights and conditions.
McDonald's witnesses have tended to be evasive but many have made
admissions or ludicrous statements under questioning.  The Defense
case seems to be going well.

Publicity Increases - This is an exhausting legal battle for Helen
and Dave, but it's an excellent opportunity to step up the
pressure and publicity against McDonald's at a time when the
public are interested and concerned about the issues in the case.
The first week of the trial was widely reported by the
establishment media, but coverage since has been patchy.
(However, the case was recently described in the Daily Telegraph
as 'the best free entertainment in London', and readers of The
Guardian last week nominated Helen and Dave for a 1994 'Role of
Honour'!)  Many alternative and left-wing papers have covered the
trial, and there has been growing publicity abroad.

Support Spreads - A wide range of organizations and groups -
green, civil liberties, trades union, socialist, anarchist, animal
rights etc. - have agreed to back the campaign.  But we mustn't
underestimate the power of McDonald's to swamp the country with
advertising and propaganda during and after the trial.  For this
reason, it's essential TO CONTINUE TO CIRCULATE AND DISTRIBUTE THE
"What's Wrong With McDonald's" LEAFLETS WHATEVER THE VERDICT AT
THE END OF THE TRIAL (#12 per 1,000 from 0115 9585666)  You can
help by getting it into group mailouts, conferences, marches and
meetings - as well as direct to the public on the streets.

Defying Corporate Censorship - As always, local protests continue,
including abroad.  In October, following two successful Days of
Action earlier in the year, there was a month of protest - at
McDonald's HQ (returning a mountain of their litter), at their
first UK store (spoiling their 20th Anniversary celebrations), at
100 local stores nationally and in many countries worldwide (on
Anti-McDonald's Day/Oct 16th), as well as a 500-strong march
through London.  There have been specific McLibel Support
Campaigns activities in Spain, Australia, USA, New Zealand,
Croatia and Italy.

Meanwhile, 3 major new initiatives were launched in 1994 (the
first two independently of the MSC):

- McDonald's Workers Support Group - a network providing advice
  and encouraging solidarity among their workers - c/o 16a Bradbury
  St, London N16 (Tel. 0171 249 8086).

- Kids Against Big Mac - all kids everywhere are encouraged to
  set up their own local KABM groups - PO Box 287, London NW6.

- Operation 'Send-It-Back' - to collect and send back company
  litter to their HQ or in protests at local stores - c/o 180
  Mansfield Rd, Nottingham NG1 3HW (Tel. 0115 9585666).

McDonald's has not only failed to shut their critics up, they've
made everyone angrier still!  This April is the Corporation's 40th
ANNIVERSARY.  Let's make it a highly memorable occasion for them.
Please support and prepare for worldwide protests.  PLEASE COPY
AND CIRCULATE THE FLYER OVERLEAF.

Every word in the available anti-McDonald's leaflet is true.  We
must not tolerate the truth being silenced by censorship or legal
thuggery.  In the face of mass defiance, McDonald's will be
helpless and their efforts will have totally backfired!  Other
corporations will then get the message not to follow in their
footsteps, and it will be a victory for all movements for
justice.

Best wishes from all of us.  

In solidarity,
McLibel Support Campaign

-------------------------------------------------------------------
APPEAL  APPEAL  APPEAL  The Campaign is almost out of funds.  The
Defendants need thousands of pounds to pay the fares of their
witnesses (many from abroad).  On top of this there are basic
photocopying and admin costs etc.  We ask for collections,
standing orders, sponsor-a-witness, affiliations, benefits,
donations etc. (checks to: 'McLibel Support Campaign').  Thanks!


Stop Press:  'Undercurrents' - alternative news video, including
special McLibel piece. #5.50 from us.

INTERNATIONAL DAY OF ACTION AGAINST McDONALD'S

on the day of their 40th ANNIVERSARY

PROTEST AGAINST 40 YEARS

of Junk Food, and the Exploitation of People, Animals and the
Environment.

EASTER SATURDAY

APRIL 15th 1995

CELEBRATE 10 YEARS

of Coordinated, International Protests, and Resistance by Workers,
Consumers, and Opposition Movements.

On 15th April 1955, McDonald's opened their first store in Des
Plaines, Illinois, USA.  Now they operate in over 70 countries and
have approximately 15,000 stores worldwide.  They are constantly
expanding, particularly at the moment into Eastern Europe and the
Baltic States.  McDonald's recently announced that they are to
open 50 more stores in the UK.  The exploitation of people,
animals and the environment, which they are responsible for,
increases.  But at the same time, opposition to McDonald's grows.
There is criticism and protest in every country in which they
operate.

On 15th April 1995, their 40th anniversary, let's make it clear
that there are many people who are angry about the devastation of
the Earth, deaths of billions of animals, exploitation of workers,
and advertising and hype.  At the same time, we will be
celebrating 10 years of international protests against McDonald's
and all they stand for.

For a society based on

health, ecology, human and animal liberation, real food and real
life.

PICKET LOCAL McDONALD'S STORES EVERYWHERE

Let's make this an Anniversary to remember.

McLibel Support Campaign, 5 Caledonian Road, London, N1 9DX.
Tel/Fax 0171 713 1269





