
The Anarchives: The Best Of Volume One.

Jay Terpstra

jterpstra@trentu.ca


Welcome to this year's final edition of The Anarchives. In this
issue you will no doubt find many more interesting stories,
provoking articles and imaginative ideas scattered through the
advertisement-free pages. There have been four issues of the
Anarchives, each one gaining bigger acclaim than the
previous.The acclaim is a tribute mainly to Jesse Hirsh, Noah
Dubreuil, Gregory Kalyniuk and myself, Jay Terpstra who with the
help of others concieved the life of an unexpected medium formed
out of a spontaneous reaction against the cesspool of dried-up
knowledge that was and still is drowning us all.

One of the original edicts of this paper was to provide a forum
for radical and alternative thinking. This shouldn't be
misconstrued as a political message. Rather it is instead
offering students a resource for the purposes of expressing
their own unique thoughts, something I have already discussed as
being repressed in the classrooms at Humberside. Independent
ideas are never wrong or right or simply left or right. They
just are. More importantly they are true expressions of raw
human thought without the restrictions of instruction or
guidelines. The reason The Anarchives has been so widely
recieved by various people and assorted cliques is  because this
paper is a direct reflection of actual true thought of people
with limited access to free expression. 

School fades the independent thinking mind. Too often the
content and structure of assignments are pre-concluded by
teachers. Teachers dictate what they expect and we dutifully
give them exactly what they want in order to make us all look
good while accomplishing very little. The Anarchives is not so
arrogant as to make any demands or restrictions on any writing.
We believe in 100% free speech not available in the school, the
Garnet, the mainstream media and most homes. The Anarchives
train does not roar through any tracks of material ambition or
ego trips. Quite the opposite the ride through this paper is
diverse, multifaceted and almost muddled like a typical teenager
or all of our minds when they are truly exercised. Anything that
is neither borrowed or regurgitated but is rather a product of
independent original thought can easily find a place in this
paper. Think what you will with a mind free of glut and sameness
and write it with the same style and rawness it started out as.
Quality is not something that can be defined or inserted into
guidelines. Quality is in the eyes of individual readers. Enjoy
the read.



DESTREAMING:  A REBUTTAL



by Jay Terpstra and Gregory Kalyniuk 



     Next year, high schools across Ontario will experience a
change in structure with the implementation of destreaming. 
Destreaming acts in the elimination of the three stream level
directions in grade nine, and as a one year continuation of
elementary school-like placement.  The quality of an elementary
school education may well determine which of these directions a
student is streamed into.  There are doubtlessly thousands of
students each year who are streamed into lower level courses
before realising their full potential.  In many cases, the
reason they do not realise their full potential is because their
elementary school failed to provide an environment in which
mental and social development were properly emphasised.  Indeed,
in many cases streaming is a negatively reprecussive fork in the
academic road for students who haven't yet realised what they
are capable of taking on in life.  Destreaming aims to integrate
students in the above situation with better adjusted students in
grade nine instead of immediately segregating them;  in essence,
giving them one more year to realise their potential in a more
hospitable learning environment.  

     In the November/December edition of the Garnet
(Humberside's official school newspaper), there appeared a
well-written article by Brian Gardner on the above topic which
unfortunately presented an elitist, condescending, poorly
thought out argument against the implementation of destreaming
in grade nine, an opinion which is all to common among many
narrow-minded Toronto students.  The rebuttal you are now
reading is in response to Gardner's ridiculously overblown
negative predictions for the effects of destreaming.  We intend
to expose this article for what it truly is:  a groundless
travesty of an analysis, concocted by a person who would have us
suppressed, never realising our full potential, rather than
growing in an environment in which mental and social development
is possible for all.

     Let us first make clear now that destreaming will only be
present up to and not beyond grade nine.  It is quite clear that
Gardner anticipates a life full of cut-throat hierarchies and
class systems after high school, but it is depressing to think
that he would want such principles to prevail in public schools
as well.  One strong argument for destreaming is the statistic
that shows an incredibly large number of young
minority-background children being dead-ended into the basic
level direction (that is, being placed in the lowest level
courses).  There are many junior-level students who have yet to
develop their minds and discover who they are and what life is
all about.  To stream students into near-irreversible directions
at such a young age shows a lack of effort and insight by the
system.  How many potentially bright children have had their
glimmer of potential stomped into oblivion by this inconsiderate
system upon entry into high school, or, more importantly, still
in elementary school, by ill-equipped elementary school
teachers?  Destreaming is not the catastrophic end to all as
Gardner arrogantly concludes;  it is simply a minor attempt at
solving a major problem.      

     Let us consider the phenomenon of dead-ended
minority-background children.  Various complex sociological
factors are at play in making their education of a poorer
general quality than the education of more privileged children,
language skills and life experiences being just two
possibilities.  Many less privileged children are streamed into
the basic and general level directions to go on to become our
future exploited prolateriats, performing menial tasks; 
certainly not the "alternative" artwork and craftswork that
Gardner seems to believe basic and general level students go on
to do.  Destreaming's objectives are quite simple and minimal: 
because there are fewer high schools than elementary schools,
high schools will have enrolled in them students from different
elementary schools and different backgrounds.  Destreaming hopes
to allow these students to integrate and benefit from their
mutual differences, over the course of one school year,  thus
allowing the less privileged to make the grade for advanced
level placement in the following year.  A slightly larger number
of minority-background students will successfully take the
advanced level direction because they are given one more year to
develop and realise their ability.

     Carola Lane, the Assistant Deputy Minister of Education,
has said that destreaming should never be construed as a program
in which "good students" help "not-so-good students."  However,
Gardner seems to bestow  these roles upon students in a
patronising and insulting manner.  After Gardner says that he
doesn't believe that "good students" should be forced to take on
the responsibility of "tutoring" "not-so-good students," he goes
on to say that enriched classes offer a special environment
where the students enrolled share common interests and goals,
and that a person having different interests and goals inserted
into such a class would destroy the learning environment.  For
someone who professes to write about the real world, Gardner
would seem to prefer being in an elitist atmosphere where there
is very little diversity of people and thought;  a perfect place
to build self-serving pompous attitudes.  He insults anyone who
has ever been involved in an enriched class when he says that
such students all think and work in the same way.  Such an
environment would be reminiscent of Nazi Germany, if not to the
dystopian vision of such science-fiction classics as Fritz
Lang's Metropolis.  For someone who obviously has a deep
interest in school, it is unfortunate that selective rewards are
Gardner's priority, leaving the desire to learn to be seemingly
lost.  Learning should not take on the form of a rat race in
which students are in continuous competition for recognition,
but rather it should be a process in which the student
stimulates his own mental/social growth through the successful
accumulation of useful knowledge.  We would certainly not expect
anyone believing in the former example to be capable of ever
understanding a topic as complex as destreaming.                
                 

     The day that grades one to nine symbolise the Olympics is
the day that the school system is truly defunct.  The Olympics
are a competitive institution of elite athletes who dedicate
their lives to attaining the gold medal.  We would think school
to be an environment in which individual growth and learning are
encouraged, especially in the early grades.  If Gardner prefers
a more competitive, selective atmosphere, we would advise him to
immediately transfer to U.C.C. or to a school in Japan, where
competitive schooling is so strong that "not-so-good" students
often commit suicide.  In a recent issue of the Globe and Mail,
freelance writer Scott Nesbitt revealed that thirty percent of
Japanese students are streamed out of academic courses by the
age of fourteen, their dim futures already written.  Both of us
agree that if we had been schooled in Japan, we would either now
be working low-paying, menial jobs, or we would have (and this
is a worst case scenario) already killed ourselves out of grief.
 Because we were given a chance in an unstreamed  elementary
school system, we benefitted from placement in a collegiate
school, and we can both look forward to post-secondary
education.  However, in Gardner's preferred world, both of us
would be denied future education because we would apparently
"not belong in the same classes as . . . future doctors and
engineers any more than a sumo wrestler would belong in the
national ballet," to quote our elitist counterpart.

     It is the insulting condescension of Gardner's article that
is most unfortunate.  He says that it "would be much better not
to mislead these people."  In other words, if an eight-year-old
boy has a difficult time articulating what he did on the
weekend, or cannot grasp mathematical equations as quickly as
another student, then the system should adopt the responsibility
of telling that child that he is of a lower intellect, and
streaming him accordingly.  Being streamed into a lower
direction will only reinforce this message, convincing him that
he could never cut it in university or even in a community
college.  But Gardner insists that this is a mere "alternative,"
something determined by a difference in strengths and weaknesses
in certain fields.  We would like to point out again that basic
level students do not predominantly go on to do artwork or
craftswork.  Such students go on to take the most demeaning of
jobs, being paid pittance and exploited for all they are worth. 
Would Mr. Gardner please care to explain how it is that students
with "different abilities" possess a certain "talent" to (for
instance) empty the contents of a trash can into a truck full of
trash?  Perhaps if he performed this task for a day he would
realise that it is not an "alternative," but a dead end. 
Perhaps one of Gardner's most ignorant pieces of pseudo-analysis
is the statement made that "the world does not function on
nuclear physicists and lawyers alone," right after setting forth
the opinion that not everyone should go to university.  Does he
really believe that universities only offer courses for future
nuclear physicists and lawyers?  Is university just another step
in Gardner's competitive world, the step that bridges the way to
the big career, and to the continued corporate rat race? 
Students whose ambitions include writing, visual arts, film,
journalism, educating and just plain accumulation of worldly
knowledge all belong in university.  It is our belief that
everyone should aim to go to university, not nessecarily to
learn a profession, but simply to evolve into more cultured
beings.  To sum up his article, Gardner says that "it is [the]
very fact that people are different that makes life
interesting."  We agree with this, but not with the underlying
message that Gardner has so craftily interwoven into this
ambiguous statement.  Gardner would prefer these different
people not to interfere in his Olympic-like ambitions, but
rather rank many levels beneath him in a class system,
disadvantaged in that they never reach their full potential. 
Gardner's attitude reminds us of Anglican Archbishop Findley and
his comments about homosexuals, how he has dined with them many
times but would never consider allowing them to work in his
church.  Yes, people are different;  but you, Mr. Gardner, want
this difference to dictate which social class we are streamed
into, and under your rules, both of us would rank many levels
beneath you.

     It is unfortunate that Gardner views grades one to nine as
a place to start building hierarchies in which various people
can be put into permanent ranks and roles.  We would prefer to
look at the interests and abilities of students as simply
different and without order of best to worst;  an abstract,
unmapped      -archy of roles and abilities, if you will.  In
other words, it is great that people are different, but that
should not mean that they should be segregated into social
classes.  In a classroom full of diverse opinions and interests,
the student will learn and develop more completely than
otherwise.  Perhaps the reason that it is so difficult for even
the most esteemed students of Humberside to grasp the concept of
and reasons behind destreaming is because of the high reputation
of our own school, with its complete range of advanced level
courses and handful of token general level courses (and the
absence of any basic level courses).  It is our opinion that the
elitist, condescending views and attitudes of people like Brian
Gardner are the exact reason why destreaming should be mandatory
up to and including grade nine. 



THINKING ABOUT HUMBERSIDE



"Schools teach you to imitate"

Robert M. Pirsig

by: Jay Terpstra

	Recently I was talking to a concerned parent who wishes he had
never sent his son to Humberside because, and I quote "He was
never provoked to think".  I found this an interesting statement
and, being a Humberside student myself, I struggled to think
about it.  I came up with certain reasons why Humbersiders are
easily programmed not to think.  One is the slave mentality
engrained in students from grade one, drastically affecting the
minds of students who have realized that the sole importance of
school is high grades with or without (often without) real
knowledge.  This mentality is upheld and maintained by teachers
who are unwilling or unable to put the emphasis of their courses
on education as opposed to information feeding.  Consequently,
open and thoughtful minds are narrowed to a repressive
subservience for the mainstream.



	I can remember being forced into senseless discipline in grade
school and thinking to myself that by the time I reached the
school where my brother and all the other big people went, I'd
be treated with respect and given freedoms.  I now realize how
naive I actually was.  One day last week I had a class that
ended a t 3:10.  The teacher said she was finished the lesson
but couldn't let us go because she was afraid we would disturb
other classes.  We, being mature OAC students, old enough to be
fighting a war as part of an army.  As I was waiting to be told
to line up in a quiet straight row I wondered if every other
class in the school was waiting impatiently for five minutes to
be up as they did nothing.  I realized after the teacher told us
to just sit till 3:15 that much of my school career has been
spent as if I were doing time for a crime.



	Since I wasn't allowed to leave and bang on other classroom
doors making funny noises, I decided to get out my agenda book. 
I had a maximum 500 word essay to write which demanded an
"extensive bibliography" even though there would be no room to
quote or make reference to practically all of the materials. 
Then I wondered what to do for an independent study project,
quickly realizing I should first read the seven page instruction
booklet so as to understand how I could independently do a
project so dependant on department guidelines.  After exiting, I
immediately related to expressions of other regiments of boredom
and exhaustion floating down the hall.



And one therefore learns self-confidence as a student only by
seeing that one's questions, not one's current store of
knowledge, always determine whether one becomes truly educated.

								Grant Wiggins

	It is depressing to reflect on what is actually valued at
Humberside.  Two events come to my mind.  One is the first day
of my high school career, four and a half years ago, when a
principal told a gym of small, scared and unsure teenagers never
to ask questions that weren't well thought out and at the high
school level.  My next memory is of the annual honours assembly,
honouring those who obviously asked only smart questions.  I use
these two images because they so vividly illustrate what is so
backward about Humberside.  First of all, the student is told in
no uncertain terms to only act on concepts they are absolutely
sure about thus creating a perfect environment for
close-mindedness.  The most common, convenient and
beneficial-to-grades class practice is to shut up and only dish
out what the teacher wants to hear.  I know from person
experience that a student can achieve high school success while
learning very little.  The grades are presented as the
all-mighty, dictating both intelligence and potential.  For
several hours every year those with high marks are used in the
administration's day of show and tell as shining cadets for
everyone to look up to and strive to emulate.



Grades really cover up failure to teach.  A bad instructor can
go through an entire quarter (term) leaving absolutely nothing
memorable in the minds of his class, curve out the scores on an
irrelevant test, and leave the impression that some have learned
and some have not.					-  Pirsig



	The majority of the courses I have taken at Humberside depend
solely on the grade to give them purpose.  Let's use an OAC law
course I have taken as a premier example.  After finishing this
course last year I was given a low mark and realized I had
wasted an entire year since I gained only trivial knowledge and
probably wouldn't use the course as one of my six OAC's for
University.  We spent the whole year obediently copying down
notes from the board that were directly taken from the textbook.
 At the end of each chapter we would have a monotonous quiz
testing factual memory.  My ISP was interesting but counted for
a very small portion of the final mark, leaving my fate to
multiple choice questions and fill-in-the-blanks.  I have to ask
what would that class have been without grades?  It would either
have been non-existent or unattended.  Looking back, I wonder
why the teacher didn't just tell us to read and memorize the
textbook at the beginning of the year and return to class in
December for the exam.  Again, this is a perfect example of how
Humberside generally fails to provoke thought or quality
education.



Unknowingly, children and young adults can be seduced into
believing they will climb to the top if they eradicate their
creativity.  Because they are unable to think or feel for
themselves, they fail to recognize the power drive that has
destroyed the teacher's creativity and is now destroying theirs.

								- Marion Woodman



	The student's mind should be respected and nourished with
freedoms and mediums for expression.  Imagination and creativity
are key to individual development and evolution.  To encourage
creativity, the school should allow and value more independent
work and less structured and narrowed assignments.  Teachers
should treat students as mature people and show the students
that she or he is interested in the subject and willing to
change or improve course structure and content.  Instead of
honouring grades to work that is not reflective of true thought,
the school should honour original work and creative
participation in the learning process.  Unfortunately, however,
competition and reputation-minded administrators will continue
to plague the system.  What needs to be realized is that the
public school system is the only relatively free institution
where the tools for education are available but severely misused.



	The only solution for students comes from a favourite quote of
mine from Mark Twain:  "I never let my schooling get in the way
of my education."





The Last Day of Consumerism



by Jay Terpstra

I wake up to the blurry vision of my saviour, a new bottle of
Roalids sitting on the top of the dresser. Gulping a couple down
to relieve the build-up from the Pizza-Pizza special I had the
previous night I lock my hands together and pray to my almighty
12 CD changing mega-booming stereo machine. After my morning
ritual I remote control some tunes and make my way down my
personal elevator to my kitchen table where my chocolate cereal
waits.

Once I'm dressed I enter my Ford Mustang and tell nobody in
particular that I have driven a Ford lately. Since I'm headed
east along the Gardiner I'm confronted by the uninvited sun. So
I place my Ray Ban sunglasses over my eyes and slap some
Coppertone sunscreen on my cheeks. Satisfied that I'm protected
from the evils of the sun I accelerate to 160 Km/h.

Once in my office I help myself to a cup of Taster's choice and
listen attentively to a colleague who just read on an article on
the new microwaves that can cook a meal in just under 2 seconds.
  A convenience not to be missed. After working all morning
formulating ideas for an advertisement of the new Toyota's I
check into the Y for my regular squash game with my friend Dan.
He is wearing new squash pumps from Nike that are made out of
material that fits every corner and curve of your foot. It kind
of molds around your toes right down to your heel for ultimate
comfort and protection. After the game we relax at MacDonalds
which just brought back their annual bacon, double cheese
special.

On my way home I shop for my son's birthday and get him some
full size Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles who kick and punch on
touch. In addition I got him a high-powered water machine gun
complete with back pack supply from Fisher Price. On my way out
of the "Shoppers Paradise Mall" I sweat with the burning heat of
the mid afternoon sun and gasp for air. Luckily I have an
instant cool air conditioner in my car and an air mask that I
put in myself when it was clear that since Brazil was gone and
forests became in serious danger of extinction that the air
supply would be a little lower. Back on the Gardiner, I tune in
to the CBC news and am comforted by the calm soothing voice on
the other end of my new Sony speakers. Unfortunately though, he
is telling me that the world has a maximum 4 hours left of
existence.

The news update is very interesting, full of experts and polls
and statistics. The broadcaster states that the exact time of
the world's destruction depends on whether the nuclear war
breaks out before the air supply runs out. Experts agree that
the threat of war is somewhat more immediate due to the fact
that it would only take a second to blow up the world whereas
oxygen tends to diminish a little more gradually. However a
proffessor from UCLA insists that its unrealistic to think the
middle East could attack the West. He ascertains that the air
supply in the middle East has most probably already dissolved,
leaving Washington as the only serious nuclear threat to the
world. However, a government spokesmean from the White House
assures the panel that the government has set a mandate for war
in the next 5 hours if officals from the Middle East doesn't
remove their specialized sattelites from the moon. "And after
all", boasts the spokesman, "we never back down on our
promises". I arrive safely in my driveway just as an ad comes
over the thinning air about the new microwaves going on sale
this weekand. You remember, the one that cooks a dinner in just
under 2 seconds.

Entering my home I'm suddenly filled with exhaustion from my
long day. Relaxing on my soft leather couch I turn on my wall
size Sony T.V. and am swept away by sensationalized soap operas
of unreal reality. Hours later when the news starts taking over
the soaps I suddenly remember the awful mess the world is in and
decide to get up for a drink planning to come back for a CNN
update. I open the fridge and to my relief there's one
recyclable Classic Coke can left, sitting majestically on the
top shelf. Opening the can to a heavanly hiss and an ocean spray
I become calm and comforted by the fact that whatever happens
there will always be Coke. What more do you need?



The Destructive Socialization of Males



by Jay Terpstra

The so-called 'gender war' has reached new levels of controversy
and heated battle as the movement towards equality of the sexes
is still tested everyday in North American society. The reason
for this is because no matter how much women's roles, ambitions
and desires change and evolve for better or worse, one thing has
not changed: men still rape and exploit women as readily as
could have been expected a century ago. First of all I want to
establish that no man is born a rapist. Rape is a conditioned
power-tripping sex crime that is encouraged by mainstream
soicety. Traditional feminism understands that men are at the
centre of the repression of femininity and women's rights. This
core influence can be reformed. Anti-feminism feminist Camille
Paglia, accuses feminism of "social constructionism". However
Paglia's idea that men are born wild animals oblivious to any
voice of reason is a statement of defeatism and denial. Paglia
arrogantly claims that "generation after generation, men must be
educated, refined, and ethically persuaded away from their
tendancy toward anarchy and brutishness". I for one resent the
idea that I would kill and rape if not for being "refined" by
others. Quite the opposite, I believe that brutishness and
aggressiveness are taught and ingrained into males by a society
I wouldn't consider "ethical". 

In her insightful book The Rites of Man, Rosalind Miles
documents how male babies are almost always favoured over female
babies and treated with more care and tenderness. For example
Elena Belotti, a professor of psychology found that a boy is
allowed to "attack the breast" for milk while a girl is
considered "greedy" for wanting more. Similarly boys are
encouraged to explore more freely than girls and are permitted
to play with their genitals, "a source of complimentary jesting,
pride and attention". Traditionally many mothers have comforted
male infants through sexual touch. Freud justified this by
saying that this offered a child "an unending source of sexual
excitation and satisfaction from his erotogenic zones". Men are
bred to seek satisfaction whenever they feel like it regardless
of the circumstances. Subsequently it is easy to understand why
sexual violations of women are the most common crimes. 

Not surprisingly a study done by UCLA found that 50% of 14-18
year olds thought it was acceptable for a man to rape a woman if
he was sexually aroused by her. In a survey documented by Naomi
Wolf in the shocking and important book, The Beauty Myth, 1 in 4
girls in grade 13 across our fine city of Toronto reported
having been raped. In a study done at UCLA in 1986, it was
discovered that 58% of college men would force women into having
sex if they could get  away with it. These educated men
obviously have no appreciation or care for women as anything
more than slabs of meat to be devoured. This is not genetic,
this is conditioned by patriarchal authorities.

A boy is taught early on in childhood that to become a real man
is to divorce himself from everything female which is translated
into everything soft, humane, dependant, weak and emotional.
Michael Kaufman, a writer and professor at York University says
that masculinity is in fact not biological at all. It is a
learned "reaction against passivity and powerlessness".
Masculinity is taught every day through sport and exercise where
children are encouraged to be brutally aggressive and taught how
to recieve and deliver pain. Many boarding schools around the
world still promote strong physical discipline to prevent boys
from growing up "weak". Most people know all too well of the big
brother beating up on the smaller and younger sibling for
purposes of toughening up the young one into being a strong
person and possibly a criminal.

The message to young males is clear; physical might is the way
to achieve power. Men have been socialized to repress emotion
and subsequently express their repressed emotion with their
fists. At a Toronto mandatted group for assaultive men almost
all of the convicted abusers used physical violence to counter
arguments with their wives that they felt inadequate to compete
with at a verbal level. Most men are taught to keep feelings
hidden inside because of the shame most would have to deal with
at not being the masculine man. Consequently and not
surprisingly many men express themselves through physical might
or intimidation.

Men must realize that the phony masculinity taught by parents,
schools and mass media is destructive and repressive. Men must
learn to embrace and express everything that makes them feeling
human beings. Men must learn to advance past the repressive,
primitive traits of masculinity. Institutions that promote
violence and sexism  must be transformed. Society must stop
promoting man as the hunter; the jock; the invincible barbarian,
while portraying women as the hunted; the fragile beauty; the
complacent victim of masculinity. Men have to stop limiting
their existence to the lonely and primitive football field and
should start appreciating sex as an equal wonder of nature
rather than an act of pride and cheap accomplishment like a
winning touchdown. 

Men in power are too outnumbered to achieve continued success in
fooling women and themselves. However, failure is far away when
you consider that the highest paying, most accessible jobs for
women are prostitution and modelling. As part of a controlling
strategy of fearfull institutions, women are trapped by constant
images of neccessary unhealthy beauty to achieve success in a
world where women are encouraged  to stop eating and aging.
Naomi Wolf points out that as a way of keeping women down,. they
are encouraged to take on careers but not at the expense of the
home and child-rearing. Repressed sexist men in power are
finding new and more decietful ways to keep women under their
masculine wrath. Men continue to destroy themselves through
conditioned masculine madness while women continue to fall
victim, despite gains made by the feminist movement. It's time
to start communicating and sharing with each other so that one
day we can all join together as whole human beings.



Expressions of the Unconscious



by Jay Terpstra

Suddenly aware of brutish advances

I gaze darkly around the moon

stars me as I ride far down

mourning and boring through cozy

field levels of blue grass



Tapering aware into the darkness

lighted bu unknown allies of doom

I trap and crawl away to the sun

Far far hey far off beyond you



The sunsetted distance is grinding away

crying with tingles of amazement

gone through the depths of oceans

oceans gone sour with human salt



Come over away through suns of

carrageen faucets of creel of

mud of whore of cooked by

heating suns of guitar guitar

unworded by mice and more mice

going to round and fired down

by seas shore of positive archives



Moonshined speakers blaring love

through the tones of speaker

through to the doorstep of

mind my obliterated and

cringed with undoubtless obstacles

of fantasy storming reality

in around through and inside

mirrors of truth locked and

matured with grooving treads

of unadulterated cryings over

love, me , she, T.V. the sun the moon

the school the bank the dark

flowers of roaming hills

far and beyond my mourning

obstacles obstacles obstacles



Rhythmic vibrations strike deep

causing eruptions of impulse

weaving in and out of matter

flying around circles of stars

crying driving diving flying

gazing deep deep beyond

the flowers buried deep underneath

the crusted sick looking soul

far past the decaying bones

rotten rotten rotten

rotten with time



Bugging into phony flesh

gazing deep into dirt pools of shallolw truth

beyond the fields of growing grass

beyond the mountains of soft stone

beyond the stars of dazzling light

beyond the crying storms of summer

the silent lakes of no-voice



Overtly undone by sanctuaries of reason

and starred visions of matrimony

drumming in and around fire blown

star lit moonshines driving

and as coming of days of glisty

flying through the hymns of

darkness- darkness everywhere

down and far away beyond far way

over the mountains



Flying fingers of no surrender

prounce and perform without care

caring over and around by rocks

of catastrophe tapering with ice flows



Ice flows of mind sink

deep under far cries of what it was

over my size of tranquility 

you can feel the sun of the heat flying by

going for a run by down at the suns

moonshine forth comes the calls

of mortal and ultramontane

tarantula-like far going around



Zeroed into submission

fearing emptiness demands new soil

craved by dawns of indifference

Nothing is whatever 

something can't be

Something is nothing

returned with something

         /-/\-\      The Anarchy Organization      |
        / /  \ \     Free Minds For Free Lives   ( | )
     --|-/----\-\--  yakimov@ecf.utoronto.ca      \|/
       \/      \/    jterpstra@trentu.ca         `_^_'


