MEANDER QUARTERLY 
Newsletter of Evolutionary Anarchists 
@ Liberty, Equality, Cooperation, Respect for Nature @ 
Vol. 5, No. 4 February 1994 

Electronic Version 
Transmitted to anarchy-list at cwi.nl 

>>>>>> IMPORTANT T - PLEASE NOTE <<<<<< 
Desperately Seeking New Editor/Publisher: No one made a firm offer to take 
over responsibility for our newsletter for the next year. I I will keep on 
doing it until someone volunteers, but I would really like to pass it on ASAP. 
For more info: Ed d Stamm, PO Box 1402, Lawrence KS 66044 USA. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

SKINHEADS PROTEST STEREOTYPING 
According to the media, all kids into the Skinhead style and subculture are 
Queer-bashers and racists. The e media is not concerned about the truth, but 
rather with selling papers and air-time. Certainly, quite a few kids who call 
themselves Skinheads are ignorant and subscribe to racist and homophobic 
ideology, BUT NOT ALL OF US! 
(from "Black and Red") 

MOLDAVIAN ANARCHISTS 
Tamara Burdenko and Igor Hergenreorder, who were victims of what was 
apparently a government organized harassment campaign, have had "their case 
resolved" according to an article in "Anarchy" magazine. I I am assuming this 
means the harassment has ended. 

IMPRISONED POLISH DRAFT RESISTER RELEASED 
Roman Galuszko has been unconditionally freed, according to "Anarchy" 
magazine. 

E-MAIL ANARCHISM DISCUSSION LIST 
To subscribe send a message to: 
ANARCHY-LIST-REQUEST at CWI.NL 
About 250 people are currently on this international list. 

TOURISM BOYCOTT CALLED AGAINST CHATTANOOGA, TENNESSEE 
The Concerned Citizens for Justice of Chattanooga are asking you not to visit 
their city in order to put economic pressure on the local government to clean 
up its act. Charges s against the city include police brutality; tolerance of 
Klan and other racist violence; racial discrimination and political 
blacklisting with regard to jobs, housing, business loans and community 
development grants; voter fraud; and police harassment of activists. For more 
info: CCJ, , PO Box 1066, Fed. Courthouse & PO, Chattanooga TN 37401. (from 
"Black and Red") 

E-MAIL DISCUSSION OF INDUSTRIAL DEMOCRACY & SYNDICALISM 
To subscribe send the following one line message to LISTSERV at LEVER.COM: 
SUB 1-UNION your_first_name your_last_name 
This one line message should be sent in the text of the message - leave the 
subject line blank. Send only the one line message - no signature. Send d your 
message from the system you will receiving messages at - your address is taken 
from the mail header. 


DUPLICATION WORKERS NETWORK 
All workers in the quick-copy industry are invited to join the new duplication 
workers network in order to facilitate union organizing in our industry. 
Duplication n Workers Network, c/o Philadelphia GMB-IWW, 4722 Baltimore Ave, 
Philadelphia PA 19143 phone (215) 747-0855. 
(from "Industrial Worker") 

ANARCHIST SENIORS VIDEO DELAYED 
There has been a delay in obtaining funds to complete this project. At t the 
time the announcement was made, it appeared funding would be quick, however 
the IWW General Executive Board declined to invest in the video and sent it 
instead to the members for a referendum. 
(from "Industrial Worker") [I'll keep you posted. Ed] ] 

GRAND JURY INDICTS AIDS ACTIVISTS 
On January 14, 1992 a group of AIDS activists outraged by the Catholic 
church's homophobic and AIDSphobic policies draped plastic bags bearing the 
word "AIDS" over tombstones in a Catholic cemetary. Their r message painted a 
picture of what a cemetary will look like in the not-so-distant future if the 
Catholic church continues to oppose the use of condoms to prevent the spread 
of HIV.... Great care was taken to ensure that no harm was done to any 
tombstone. Eight months later, on the eve of the Pope's arrival in Denver, a 
grand jury handed down indictments against ACT UP members Madrid St. Angelo, 
Lorna Wheeler, and Taylor St. John, charging each of them with two felonies 
and two misdemeanors related to the cemetary action. If f convicted of these 
charges the "Denver 3" could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison.... A 
legal defense fund has been set up to aid these three individuals with legal 
costs: Freedom Defense Fund, c/o ACT UP/Denver, PO Box 9752, Denver CO 80209 - 
ph (303) 643-4386. (from m <anarchy-list>) 

NEW ANARCHA-FEMINIST ZINE PLANNED 
An anarcha-feminist zine is being planned, in association with the Bloomington 
Women's Health Collective. It t would include stories, photos, and info on 
alternative medicine. If interested contact Sarah Bortt, PO Box 3207, 
Bloomington IN 47402-3207, 
or by Email <sbortt at silver.ucs.indiana.edu>. 

CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS 
A book of essays is being compiled, which will appear in the summer of 1994. 
Topics s may include, but are not limited to, food production/consumption, 
housing, neighborhood/campus organizing, health and self-defense, women's 
issues, DIY art/music/media, time/service banks, pirate radio, hostels, 
reading rooms, study groups, bikes, free university, and contacts/resources. 
"We are concerned with finding new ways to invigorate the Anarchist presence 
in North America through a detailed investigation of practical strategies for 
organizing alternative social & cultural relations." Contact t Chuck Munson of 
"Practical Anarchy" or joseph average c/o BAU, po box 3207, bloomington in 
47402. (from "Practical Anarchy") 

ANARCHIST COMMUNITY CENTER 
The Autonomous Zone is an indoor community space sponsored by radical 
community activists and anarchists in Chicago. Located d at 1726 W. Division, 
they have many projects in the works, including health, food, media, 
education, support groups, and social activities for all ages. They encourage 
you to visit and check it out. Phone e (312) 384-2991 or (312) 384-9129. (from 
<anarchy-list>) 

NEWS 

ANOTHER WITNESS JAILED IN ANIMAL RIGHTS INVESTIGATION 
Kim Trimiew was jailed on contempt charges for refusing to testify before a 
federal grand jury in Spokane, Washington. Kim m appeared when summoned, but 
refused to talk about alleged actions of the Animal Liberation Front. Jonathan 
Paul and Rik Scarce have also been jailed by the Spokane grand jury. Other r 
grand juries are operating in Oregon, Michigan, Utah, and Louisiana. 
(from "Industrial Worker") 

SAN FRANCISCO TEMPORARY WORKERS HIRING HALL FACES SETBACK 
The temporary workers hiring hall has closed, and hopes to reopen soon. 
Apparently y the volunteer-run service was too hard on the volunteers, and 
they hope to try again soon with a paid staff. (from "Industrial Worker") 

ACTIVISTS ARRESTED FOR FEEDING HOMELESS AND UNEMPLOYED 
There have been 185 arrests of "Food Not Bombs" members in the San Francisco 
area this Fall and Winter for feeding the growing numbers of hungry people on 
the streets. San n Francisco mayor Frank Jordan is trying to keep the homeless 
and unemployed out of sight. Over 700 homeless people have been arrested for 
napping in public, loitering, begging, etc. and over 2000 citations have been 
issued. FNB B continues to serve vegetarian food between the Civic Center 
Plaza and the eastern edge of Golden Gate park however. (from "Industrial 
Worker" and <anarchy-list>) 
[There is talk about a nation-wide crackdown on the homeless and other 
"vagrants" (i.e. the unemployed). Unfortunately, it is not the kind of 
full-employment, medical treatment and affordable housing crackdown that is 
needed. Ed] ] 

HIGHWAY PATROL KILLS MOTORIST ON KANSAS TURNPIKE 
On Tuesday, November 23rd, a 19 year old from Elgin, Illinois was killed by a 
Highway Patrolman after a scuffle outside their cars. According g to press 
reports 
Jon Paul Chiopelas stopped at the entrance to the Kansas Turnpike and tried to 
pay his toll in advance. When he was told he could not, he drove on without 
taking a toll card. Highway y Patrolman Gary Haak was dispatched to stop him. 
Chiopelas was stopped one mile west of Lawrence. He e asked the officer if he 
was going to be ticketed. The officer told him no, but asked Chiopelas to step 
out of the car since he had his left hand in his pocket. Chiopelas s complied. 
The officer asked Chiopelas to take his hand out of his pocket, and Chiopelas 
complied, but then put his hand back in his pocket. The e officer asked him 
again and Chiopelas complied again, but put his hand back in his pocket. The 
officer grabbed Chiopelas' arm and pushed him against the patrol car. The e 
two got into a scuffle. Chiopelas tried to stab the officer unsuccessfully 
with a pocket knife, although he was able to shove the officer somehow. When n 
Chiopelas "charged at" the officer, the officer shot and killed Chiopelas with 
one bullet. The incident was video taped by a camera mounted on the officer's 
vehicle, but the tape has not been released to the public. The e Douglas 
County district attorney, Jerry Wells, ruled on January 7th that the killing 
was in self-defense and cleared the patrolman of any possible criminal 
charges. 
A few years ago a truck driver was shot and killed at a road block after he 
ran the toll gates when he exited the turnpike. The e officers involved 
claimed they were aiming for the truck's radiator. The authorities here take 
their toll collections seriously, and I suggest you bypass the Kansas turnpike 
to avoid any fatal misunderstandings. 

THE MYTH OF PLASTIC RECYCLING 
In just one month this year, the U.S. sent over 23 million pounds of plastic 
scrap to Asia. Once e in Asia, the wastes are sorted and, to a limited extent, 
reprocessed. For example, in Indonesia, the owner of a recycling company 
estimates that up to 40 percent of the imported waste is directly landfilled 
at the local dump. The e remaining wastes are processed in dangerous 
facilities which pose severe threats to the workers and the local environment. 
In unsafe conditions, and without any protective gear, women and children 
operate the machines which transform our plastic garbage into more disposable 
consumer items. There e are no fume collection systems, respirators, or even 
gloves which will protect the workers' health in these overseas processing 
facilities. The local environment is impacted by the untreated waste waters 
which are disposed of into the sewer, if there is one, or allowed to percolate 
into the ground. (from m "Practical Anarchy") 

DARRELL RINGER (1953 - 1993) 
Darrell Ringer, an activist in the American Agriculture Movement, was killed 
on Tuesday, December 7 when the tractor he was operating rolled over and 
crushed him. He e was pronounced dead at the scene, six miles north of 
Quinter, Kansas. Ringer organized protests at farm forclosures in an attempt 
to help farmers keep their farms, and lobbied legislators. In n 1983 he lost 
his own farm to the bank, and was working for another farmer at the time of 
the accident. (from "Lawrence Journal-World") 

POLICE SHOOT MOTORIST IN MILWAUKEE 
On September 27, Leonard Young was pulled over by Milwaukee, Wisconsin police 
near the corner of 24th and Brown. When n Young emerged from his car he was 
shot 4 times by Officer Mark Beutow. Police claim Young had a cassette tape in 
his hand that was mistaken for a dangerous weapon. The e District Attorney 
ruled the killing was a justifiable homicide. An angry crowd overturned a 
police car at a demo following the killing. (from m <anarchy-list>) 

ANARCHISTS UNDER ATTACK 
On March 27, 1993 five men wearing balaclavas and carrying baseball bats (one 
spiked with a nail) burst into the Freedom Press Bookshop in London. Over r 
L5000 of damage was done. Then on June 3, Freedom Press was firebombed, 
destroying their print-shops. 
On August 5, the Black Rose Anarchist Bookshop in Sydney was firebombed, 
causing $10,000 of damage. Fascists s are suspected in both attacks. (from 
"Kick It Over") 

CHILD LABOR VIOLATIONS 
A 1988 study by the New York State Dept. of Labor found that half the teenage 
workers they questioned had been injured on the job, had experienced a 
violation of minimum wage laws, or had experienced a violation of hours 
restrictions. 130 0 U.S. children died on the job in 1990 according to NIOSH. 
The American Journal of Public Health reports that 300 children aged 19 and 
under are killed annually in farm accidents. (from m "Industrial Worker") 

PRISONER DIES AFTER JAILHOUSE BEATING 
A Johnson County, Kansas inmate died January 3rd while being moved to another 
cell. Kenneth h Tolon, 36, refused to come out of his cell and was placed in 
handcuffs and leg irons. Johnson County Sheriff Fred Allenbrand said Tolon was 
being moved to isolate him from the other prisoners because of habitual 
misconduct. Tolon n "lost consciousness for some reason" and an ambulance was 
called about 11:20 am. He was pronounced dead shortly before noon at the 
Olathe Medical Center. Tolon's s mother received a call from another prisoner 
at the jail who said her son was beaten by guards. Dr. Jill Gould performed 
the autopsy and ruled that Tolon had died from asphyxiation. He e had been 
hogtied, his legs and arms bound behind his back, and laid face down on the 
cell floor by seven Sheriff's deputies. They "applied pressure" to his back 
and a "pressure point". 
Johnson County district attorney Paul Morrison said the method of subduing 
Tolon was not unusual and cleared the deputies of any wrongdoing. "I do not 
believe in any way, shape or form that Mr. Tolon was beaten, or improper force 
was used in this case," Morrison said. 

UPRISING IN MEXICO 
A group of hundreds of peasants calling themselves the Ejercito Zapatista de 
Liberacion Nacional (EZLN) or Zapatista Army of National Liberation, rose up 
on January 1 and took over several towns near Mexico's southwestern border 
with Guatemala. The e group's stated goals were the overthrow of the Mexican 
government, the abolition of capitalism, and the formation of a new, freely 
and democratically elected government. Some of the grievances of the rebels 
are the problems of poverty, peasants/indians being pushed off the land, and 
the "free-trade" agreement with the U.S. and Canada which will make things 
even worse. Fighting g in Chiapas state took place for several days, with 
about 100 people killed. When large numbers of Mexican troops moved into the 
area, and aerial bombardment began, the rebels withdrew into the forests. 
There e have been large anti-government demonstrations. Emiliano Zapata was a 
peasant leader during the revolution of 1910-1920. Zapata a once wrote, "The 
people have seen that with elections and without them, with suffrage and 
without it, with the dictatorship of Porfirio Diaz and with the democracy of 
Madero, with the press gagged and with the press given the fullest liberty, 
always and in all circumstances it has still to chew the cud of its bitter 
lot, to endure its miseries, to swallow humiliations that know no end." 

DISCUSSION 

Dear Mr. Stamm, Sometimes s I basically have to stand on my head to see the 
topsy-turvy world of other bipeds that walk this earth. Please explain why you 
state, "We need to show people there is more to life than possessing things"? 
What, , prisoners aren't people in your books? Why do you holler yourself 
hoarse about theft, if you say that there are more important things in life 
than "possessing things"? I I mean, if I would say that I didn't care about 
the mere possession of "goodies" as you said, then I wouldn't care much about 
theft. 
I guess the folliessophers have a different and deeper insight than such poor 
mortals as I, because they would much rather steal basic necessities - 50kg 
bags of beans or rice, cumbersome boxes of shit-paper, etc. - when I, ignorant 
as I am, would see an advantage in taking smaller and less burdensome valuable 
items, which I could more easily sell or trade over an extended period of time 
to keep me sound in my basic needs. 
Isn't it ironic that you want people to view you as being different than what 
the word anarchist is commonly understood as meaning by the uninformed, and 
that you do not want to be associated and agglutinated with other people that 
you feel have stained the word anarchist and anarchism; yet, you want to turn 
around and associate and agglutinate me with child killers, rapists, and 
others that I feel are low life forms? I I don't call myself a criminal; I 
don't even call myself an anarchist, a communist, or any other political 
theory. If you cannot fathom addressing someone with no fixed political 
theory, then you can call me a heartist... which is a person who does and 
believes as his heart dictates to him/her. And d know one thing; the more that 
I learn, and the more that I experience in this life, the more that my heart 
will evolve and dictate a better and more advanced understanding in my views 
and in my actions... 
My argument with you came about because you were trying to form a consensus 
against prisoners, you were trying to turn the views of the more knowledgeable 
people who help and bring new ideas and new ways of living to prisoners, you 
were trying to make others view prisoner issues in your narrow-minded vein.... 
Each prisoner is an individual and the crime that... society has accused or 
convicted him of is singular in nature. There e is always a cause and a reason 
for it. As for me, I have always done what I thought was right even if others 
may think that I was wrong. Perhaps s now, I would react differently to 
certain perplexing situations, and to certain living conditions that 
confronted me in the past, but this is only because I have further expanded my 
universe by many of the things that I have learned in recent years.... 
Mr. Ed D'Angelo: To o begin with, I didn't say that you personally should 
applaud, or at least sympathize with the L.A. riots, and even with common 
criminals.... people that were involved in the riot most probably don't give a 
flying flop if you sympathize with them, or if you don't, and since I wasn't 
there because I was here, I care even less. The difference between you and I 
is that I accept what happened in L.A. as being the natural course that 
flagrant living conditions and inopportunities bring about. You u don't have 
to sympathize with anyone that you don't want to, and if you are suspicious of 
me, well, know that I am ten-fold suspicious of you, but this is only because 
my living experience has taught me to be very wary of all bipedal creatures, 
who(se treachery, cruelty, hatred, bitterness, etc.) I have seen close at 
hand. But it is impossible for a person to live all of his life in fear of 
being screwed over by everyone.... 
And before I forget, you sound kind of fixated by the idea of prison rape, and 
rape in the streets, so I suggest you seek out one of those Baptist churches 
that is giving out those notes of promise of virginity until marriage, and 
then, if you ever find yourself harried by a bunch of sex fiends, you can show 
them the note and put the curse of GOD on them if they touch you.... In all 
the years I've been in prison, I've never seen a prison rape, and I'ver heard 
of very few happening, especially nowadays, because of the fear of AIDS. 
"To be an anarchist it is not enough to recognize that anarchism is a 
beautiful ideal - in theory everyone would agree, including sovereigns, 
leaders, capitalists, police and I imagine even Mussolini himself - but one 
must want to struggle to achieve anarchism, or at least to approximate to it, 
by seeking to reduce the power of the State and of privilege, and by demanding 
always greater freedom, greater justice." Errico o Malatesta 
Seeking a card carrying virgin, Jaime E. Baxter, #88410-012 F.C.I., 8901 S. 
Wilmot Rd, Tucson AZ 85706. 

[Theft is violation of a person's right to be left alone. I I think when 
someone is robbed, what pisses them off the most is the violation of their 
personal space, not the loss of their possessions. I'm sure you've heard of 
stories where victims put up a fight for $20.00 and get seriously beaten or 
killed. Once e you've been robbed, you can get some faint idea of what it is 
like to be raped. It's the violation of your dignity and personal security 
that is so enraging to the victim, not fear of consensual sex. Greg g Hall 
pointed out that "the oppressed must be their own example". 
The reason I don't want to see this publication get heavily involved in 
prisoner issues, and why I don't want to bust the budget with free 
subscriptions to prisoners, is because in most cases prisoners are imprisoned 
for anti-social acts. I I realize there are people in prison who do not 
deserve the label "criminal", but honestly Jaime, they are a small minority, 
don't you agree? If an anarchist society is ever going to exist, it depends on 
the ability of individuals to refrain from commiting anti-social acts, acts 
which may seem justified to the individual, but which objectively cause harm 
to other members of the community. It t will be hard enough to convince 
non-anarchists that a stateless society is feasable without us becoming 
spokespersons for people who have repeatedly violated the rights of their 
fellow humans beings. Most prisoners evade any responsibility whatsoever for 
their acts. I I agree, however, that most people in prison never really had 
much of a chance to live a straight life since most of them were raised in 
physical, moral, emotional and intellectual poverty. I sincerely believe that 
in a healthier, more just society there would be much less crime. People e are 
not born bad. Restless, maybe, but bad, I don't think so. I I do not have any 
desire to heap additional punishment on prisoners, but I don't want to embrace 
them collectively either. Almost every other anarchist publication 
uncritically supports prisoners, with no apparent compassion for their 
victims. Ed] ] 

****** 

Dear Ed, Greetings s in the struggle to liberate all people from oppressive 
social conventions. First, I'd like to say thanks for providing your 
evolutionary anarchist publication free to those of us who are locked away 
behind the walls of this world's closed and secretive prison heirarchies. 
[Actually, , I usually don't, but you sounded like you had a real interest. 
Ed] 
Since I am currently incarcerated and cut off from the battle to eliminate the 
oppression of the state and bring about a society without government, church, 
or other structures of authority, I enthusiastically read every anarchist 
publication that I'm fortunate enough to receive. Anarchist t literature helps 
me turn my attention to general questions concerning revolutionary theory and 
strategy. This is very important to me, because the battle I face at this time 
is primarily one of ideas, and I'm always seeking to gain any new perspectives 
on how to bring about a revolution for universal personal freedom, so that all 
people might be liberated from oppressive social conventions. 
During the course of my studying the principles of anarchism, I've embraced 
and then abandoned many variants of anarchist philosophy. But t one thing has 
remained throughout, my anti-authoritarianism and my dedication to liberty 
have been constant. But through the years, I have allowed myself to be 
self-critical and have tried to allow my understanding of these anarchist 
philosophies to evolve. My y belief is that if you are not willing to allow 
your thoughts to evolve, then your ideas and strategies become rigid and 
mechanistic. Our basic assumptions should always be challenged. 
I have to admit that after reading the "Meander Quarterly", I was unable to 
gain any new insight into the theories and techniques explaining how to bring 
about any society without the harmful constraints of laws and customs. But t I 
personally found the article reprinted from Autonomy, on the "Thesis for 
Discussion of Anarchist Organization" very interesting. But in my individual 
opinion, there are a couple of aspects that I do not entirely agree upon. 
Number r 3 of this thesis, "There can be no transitional stage between the 
present coercive order and the free anarchist order. Anarchy must be realized 
here and now, however incompletely, for it to arise at all..." I I myself 
believe that the formation of revolutionary collectives is one of the best 
ways to create the necessary bridges between the totalitarian society we live 
in today and the free society we are working to build tomorrow. Collectives 
are small, efficient means of organizing that provide practical examples of 
counter-institutions that are egalitarian. This s type of bridge is needed 
because it will allow people to experience a true alternative that encourages 
them to organize their lives themselves, instead of by some authoritarian 
structure. Anarchist struggle must be built from the ground up in a 
non-hierarchical, democratic manner, and the only way this can be realized is 
through a transitional stage of this current society.... 
I also do not agree with your protest against the tactic of using force to 
topple the existing social order. Why y do we as anarchists argue about 
peaceful methods of resistance versus confrontational tactics, just as the 
anarchists argued at the turn of the century. Why haven't anarchists evolved 
in this capacity? What's s wrong with encouraging tolerance of a variety of 
methods of achieving liberty, instead of protesting and condemning those who 
are driven to some violent expression, even at the sacrifice of their own 
lives, because they cannot passively witness the misery and suffering of their 
fellows. If you wish to protest anyone's tactics, the blame for such acts must 
be laid at the door of those who are responsible for the injustice and 
inhumanity which dominate the world. I I think all methods should be left to 
individual capacity and decision. 
At this point I will say that I advocate violence in the name of anarchy. As s 
an anarchist political prisoner, I have persisted in demanding and fighting 
for the rights of individual prisoners within these walls. I've spent the last 
7 years of my life incarcerated because I chose to resist and tried to bring 
attention to the repression that this government carries out in countries such 
as El Salvador. I I received 40 years... for kidnapping a general in this 
government's army. I did not harm him; I only used him as the means to get 
needed attention of the fascist tactics of this capitalist system. I I do not 
feel that I committed any crime, because I will not hold myself bound to any 
law in which I have no voice or representation. I did what I felt was 
right.... 
What is wrong with anarchists believing that it is essential to resist 
wherever and whenever possible?.... 
And even if violent methods are not acceptable to everyone, we must realize 
that the motives behind these acts will always be correct. We e can claim to 
be anarchists, but our actions will ultimately validate what we really are.... 
Power concedes nothing without demand. Peace e and anarchy, Mike Kelly 
#493005, Clements Unit, 9601 NE 24th Ave, Amarillo TX 79107. 
P.S. ....Maybe e one of your readers can help answer the problem of bringing 
about our mythical anarchist society.... I really like your idea about getting 
anarchists together in one community. One e of my dreams has been to buy an 
abandoned oil rig in international waters and start an anarchist community on 
it.... We could be about as free as it's possible to be in this world. I I 
might sound crazy, but people set up pirate radio stations, etc. on these 
rigs, and they do not have to follow the laws of any country. Could this work? 
We e would be isolated though, 15 miles or so in the ocean. But if it worked, 
it would be a model of true anarchism, to show the world. Who o knows? Take 
care Ed and keep up the struggle. 

[We have to coordinate our stategies or else we will find ourselves working at 
cross-purposes and sabotaging one another. If f one group says, "Let's start 
an insurrection" and another says, "Let's organize a union" and another says, 
"Let's form a community" and another says, "Let's build up a mass movement", 
you can see how muddled it can and has gotten. Since we seem to be unable to 
reach an agreement, we each pursue our own strategies. This s is not a good 
state of affairs though. And though it's unfair, we are all judged as a group 
by the actions of anyone acting in the name of anarchism. For r example, when 
Leon Czolgosz assasinated President McKinley in the name of anarchy, he 
provoked a crushing reaction against the entire anarchist movement in the U.S. 
The movement was starting to reach the people, but many dropped out after that 
and few new people were attracted. As s a result of that one individual's act 
back in 1901, until today no foreign anarchist can legally immigrate to the 
U.S. But fascists can immigrate as long as they aren't wanted for war crimes 
and weren't in leadership positions during the period around WWII! 
As Benjamin Franklin once said, if we don't hang together they'll hang us one 
at a time. If f you're trying to avoid trouble, and one member of the group 
decides she can no live like a coward and lashes out, she endangers the entire 
group. I'm sure the government would like nothing better than an excuse to 
crack down on us, since we're starting to reach people. My My philosophy is 
"Don't fight if you can't win", unless of course you have reason to believe 
they're going to shoot you anyway. I don't think it's to that point yet in the 
U.S. 
On the oil rig, yes I've thought about stuff like that too. After r we get a 
community going in a relatively easy environment (outside jobs, no 
harassment), perhaps we could try something more difficult. Ed] 

****** 

Dear Ed, Hi! ! Sorry I haven't contributed recently to the interesting 
ramblings taking place in the Meander.... I I don't have any comments about 
the discussion currently in the Meander, except that I was interested to read 
the obituary of the Yiddish anarchist [Leah Feldman]. Actually one of my main 
interests now is the interplay between Jews, Anarchism and Anti-semitism. I I 
eventually hope to put together a chapbook on this and I welcome all 
comments/suggestions. 
As far as other thoughts about anarchism in general, I am really curious as to 
how much of human nature is innate and learned and how we can best foster 
development of people to live without government coercion. One e person I'm 
debating with points to the work of Konrad Lorenz to prove that humans 
naturally want to follow or take control. I haven't followed this up yet 
though. 
Otherwise not much is new here, except that I was able to meet and hear Murray 
Bookchin, who did a lecture at a school near here. That t was interesting. 
Imagine, Andrew Wertheimer 

[There is a lot of material on anarchism, jews, and anti-semitism since there 
are, and have been, many ethnically jewish anarchists, and since the 
anti-semitism charge is sometimes leveled at us as a political ploy by 
Marxists. 
In a hierarchical society, you only have three choices: lead, follow, or 
drop-out. Maybe e that is why it seems like this is human nature, when it is 
just an adaptation to circumstances. Ed] 

****** 

"And now, I think, the meaning of the evolution of civilization is no longer 
obscure to us. It t must present the struggle between Eros and Death, between 
the instinct of life and the instinct of destruction, as it works itself out 
in the human species." 
Sigmund Freud, "Civilization and its Discontents" 
(thanks to Clif Bennett for this quote) 

****** 

- "America - love it or leave it!" 
- "And become a victim of our foreign policy?" 

****** 

"NON-PROFIT CORPORATION PROMOTES SOCIAL INNOVATION 
Finding better ways of operating our planet is the keystone of a community 
developing under New Civilization, which started as a letter exchange among a 
group of open-minded thinkers. For r a decade they have been moving toward 
putting their ideas of a new civilization to the test. In 1993 they became a 
"human way" non-profit business corporation with 9.5 wilderness acres in Oak 
View, California. 
Their concept of community goes well beyond just the place where people live. 
It t includes a network of associated businesses, some of which may not be in 
close proximity to the rest. 
Among the members are, or will be, FoodCo, HealthCo, LearnCo, InsureCo, 
BankCo, and ThinkCo. These e provide services for one another and for people 
who can benefit from the linkage. Their exchange system will not be with 
Federal currency but on Time Money, a local currency based on the number of 
hours put in serving members. Their r goal is not just to form a community but 
to be a model from which other communities can franchise elements to solve 
their specific local problems. 
Unlike our current economic system, New Civ will place people before profits 
and design all elements of the community so members can do well by doing good. 
For r a free six-page brochure describing its programs, write New 
Civilization, 16255 Ventura Blvd Ste 605, Encino CA 91436-2354 USA; telephone 
(818) 788-1136." 
(from press release) 

[Sounds interesting, but the corporate model and business language put me off, 
especially the parts about "operating" the planet, "franchising" and "doing 
well by doing good". I I wonder if all the members get the same credit for the 
time they put in, regardless of the work they perform? Do child-care aides get 
the same credit per hour as the BankCo director? Do o the community members 
control these enterprises, or are they merely employees and consumers? Ed] 

****** 

"The way the debate on schools and education is controlled by the 
political/education establishment, subserviently supported by most of the 
media, public discussion rarely comes close to facing three fundamental flaws 
in our government school system: forced d attendance, forced funding and 
forced content. Whether in outward action or inward repression, people 
instinctively rebel against force. Our r authoritarian, monopolistic school 
system mocks any sense of democracy. Moreover, the way most schools operate 
runs contrary to most everything we know about the way children learn. 
Although h those in control of education can call on the full force of 
government to back them up, their means of control is in programming the 
general public and getting children at the earliest possible age to gratefully 
embrace, or at least become addictively dependent on our government school 
system." Gene Lehman (from "LUNO") 

****** 

"The terrifying breakdown of social cohesion in the American city, in spite of 
intense institutionalized police surveillance equipped with every 
sophisticated aid to public control, illustrates that social behavior depends 
on mutual responsibility rather than upon the police." 
Colin Ward (from "Practical Anarchy") 

****** 

I really do appreciate very very much being on your mailing list. Please e do 
keep me on. 
Violence is getting worse here at the moment and with the build up to the 
general elections on April 27 next year, I forcast that things will really get 
hot. Think k of us. Next time I'll send you some newspaper clippings. 
B., South Africa 

****** 

"It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong." Voltaire 

****** 

"U.S. military and National Guard personnel have been undergoing training and 
exercises for several years for house-to-house searches (presumably for drugs 
or guns), for crowd control, and for domestic "counter-terrorism measures". 
Roadblocks s are being randomly set up on highways around america by local, 
state, or federal officials to conduct drivers' license checks or warrantless 
spot checks of cars or their occupants for drugs, liquor, or firearms; local 
or state police or military helicopters are, with greatly increased frequency, 
overflying cities, towns, neighborhoods, and individual houses at low levels, 
looking for drugs, for surveillance, or for intimidation purposes. 
In late 1991, an "urban warfare training exercise" by the U.S. Marines brought 
a dozen military helicopters swooping down low over San Francisco rooftops, 
prompting hundreds of frightened calls to radio stations and the local police, 
who denied any knowledge of the exercise. Hundreds s of military vehicles 
(black and with no markings) are being seen in various parts of the U.S., in 
many instances manned by personnel in black uniforms (with no insignia). 
Denial of any knowledge of these helicopters, vehicles or personnel from 
local, state, and federal officials almost always follows frightened inquiries 
from citizens. 
(from "Alter or Abolish") 

****** 

"The Crime Control Act of 1993 redefines Illegal Search and Seizure while 
eliminating an innocent citizen's right to sue government officials and agents 
for damages. The e excuse this time is an attempt to thwart "terrorism".... 
When first examined, (the Act's) "terrorist" provisions are misleading for 
they give the impression they are after agents of a foreign power wishing to 
do americans harm. However, , the Trojan Horse in this Act is that anyone in 
the United States committing an undefined violent act or attending an assembly 
can be charged with terrorism." 
This Act will allow the government to use against its citizens illegally 
seized evidence... The e "Exclusionary Rule", which ordinarily precludes the 
use of illegally obtained evidence, will be modified to allow admissibility of 
evidence obtained by "objectively reasonable" search and seizure even in the 
face of a faulty warrant." 
(from "Alter or Abolish") 

****** 

"Is your church ATF approved? Contact t the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco & 
Firearms at 1-800-CONFORM for our Guidlines" (from "Alter or Abolish") 

****** 

ANARCHIST NEIGHBORHOOD POLL: I I would like everyone who is interested in 
forming a loosely organized anarchist neighborhood, on the model of an ethnic 
neighborhood, to send me your choice for a location, and your runner-up 
choice. I'll send in the results for the next issue of "MQ". If f you don't 
plan to participate, or have no strong preference, please abstain. 
NOAM CHOMSKY: spoke e at the student union of the University of Kansas on 
November 12 on the topic of "Manufacturing Consent: Media Manipulation in 
Modern America". The e ballroom was filled, and many people were turned away. 
He traced the use of propaganda and public relations from the Wilson 
administration's successful campaign to get the U.S. involved in WW I, to 
anti-labor and anti-social welfare propaganda, to the NAFTA agreement. He's s 
an excellent speaker, much warmer in person than his writings would suggest. 
He captivated the audience for about two hours, so I'll try to boil his 
comments down to a bare minimum. He e believes the capitalist class is engaged 
in conscious warfare with the working class, and that the capitalist class 
controls the government. In some societies military terror is used to maintain 
control, but in the wealthier industrialized nations, controlling public 
opinion is the means of staying in power. He e said the ruling elite can vary 
from a liberal wing, which lets people see what the government is doing while 
resisting any attempt by the people to exert democratic control, to a 
reactionary wing which doesn't even let the people know what it is doing. He 
said this elite strives to maximize its control over any societies it can, 
with the conscious intention of looting them and impoverishing and enslaving 
their people through the use of unethical economic and military intervention. 
He e said the policies of this elite have created widespread destruction and 
misery in much of the world, and that a blind eye is turned to glaring double 
standards that should be apparent to even a ten year old (like criticizing 
human rights violations of regimes the U.S. opposes while ignoring them in its 
own sphere of influence). 
While in general agreement with Dr. Chomsky, I think he confuses 
authoritarianism with totalitarianism. An n authoritarian elite does not 
interfer excessively with people's personal lives as long as they keep quiet 
and don't threaten the system. Only those who challenge the system are 
intimidated, imprisoned or killed. In n a totalitarian society, the elite 
tries to mobilize all citizens for whatever purposes it pleases. Mere consent 
is not enough. All l citizens are expected to do, and even believe, whatever 
the elite wants them to. Anyone who disagrees, even in private, risks 
intimidation, imprisonment, or execution. I I agree with Dr. Chomsky that 
there is a social class that is trying to impose a capitialist system on the 
world, and that it tries to control public opinion. I agree that in some 
countries the local sub-elites can be authoritarian, and in rare cases even 
totalitarian. When n he compares the capitalist forces to Nazis though, he is 
confusing authoritarianism with totalitarianism. The Nazis actually kept 
subject populations at gun point, exterminated sectors of society that did not 
openly oppose them, and sought out and destroyed those who even dared to 
question their authority. This s is not the case with capitalist 
authoritarianism, even in the developing nations. Latin American death squads, 
although linked to their governments, do not go after their citizens on the 
same scale as a full-blown fascist regime. Their r victims are labelled as 
subversives or sympathizers linked to armed revolutionary movements, even if 
this labelling is the result of paranoid delusions. And the U.S. cannot even 
be truly called authoritarian, although it is definitely undemocratic and 
oppressive. Most t types of opposition short of armed opposition are tolerated 
(with the exception of property rights violations like Animal Liberation). 
Those who openly defy various laws are arrested and imprisoned, but no one is 
arrested for free speech (including publication), political activity, peaceful 
assembly or even legal possesion of firearms and explosives. One e place in 
our society which does deserve Dr. Chomsky's label of "fascist" is the 
corporate environment. Although the element of physical violence is usually 
lacking, any opinions or activities that are deemed out of step with 
management's can result in "termination", and an environment of fear pervades 
the organization. You u literally survive from day to day at the whim of those 
in control, who demand that you not only perform your job, but that you also 
parrot theirtheirt eirt . 
I also question his "foreign investment equals exploitation" argument. I've e 
got enough class consciousness to understand that workers are paid less than 
they're worth, and that this is where profit comes from. No argument there. 
But t I've been unemployed, and I much prefer being exploited to being 
unemployed. As long as you can quit, a bad job is better than no job. I I 
don't see how workers are worse off for voluntarily taking jobs they would 
otherwise not have. Sure, this disrupts the traditional society, but living as 
a serf in the power of a landowner is a bad life too, and the individual can 
decide which is worse. Not t much of a choice, but not totalitarian either. As 
Kent Winslow pointed out in "Dream World", Mexico is an authoritarian country, 
but outside of politics the atmosphere among the people seems much more 
relaxed than the atmosphere in the U.S. due to the absence of an uptight 
public morality and control fetish. It t doesn't take very much at all in the 
U.S. for the authorities to feel a situation is out of control, like an 
intoxicated pedestrian, an unmowed lawn, or a driver without a license. 
Dr. Chomsky didn't say he was an anarchist, but he certainly sounded like one 
at times (even though his radical leftism would lead to the seizure of power 
by Leninist hardliners in my opinion). He e said he grew up in an immigrant, 
anti-statist Zionist environment, and I wondered if he or his family were 
involved with "Freie Arbeiter Stimme". 
"FREEDOM IS A LIGHT FOR WHICH MANY MEN HAVE DIED IN DARKNESS": This his 
inscription, from a monument to unknown soldiers of the American revolution in 
Philadelphia, made me think about how anarchism is like an elusive light in 
the distance. We can get closer and closer, but each step is a struggle and 
our progress is painfully slow. Many y anarchists have come and gone. Some 
have been lucky enough to catch a fleeting glimpse of what could be, but most 
struggled on with little hope of seeing the fruit of their labor. What t kept 
them going was the knowledge that their efforts moved us all a little closer 
to the goal (which each one perceived somewhat differently) - freedom from 
fear and poverty, freedom to be ourselves, freedom from loneliness and 
isolation, freedom from competition against one another. They strove for 
teamwork, fairness, tolerance, kindness, honesty, and community. Some e 
anti-authoritarians sneer at the idea of morality or ethics, but these are 
humanity's attempts to describe the light we are striving to reach. Although 
these ideas are often appropriated and twisted by politicians and religious 
leaders for their own purposes, the ideas themselves are still valid and worth 
pursuing. 
Ed Stamm, PO Box 1402, Lawrence KS 66044 USA 

NEWSLETTER BUSINESS 

NOT PUBLISHED 
(Send a self-addressed, stamped envelope and copies of the items you request 
will be mailed to you.) 
-Poem by Dan Wilcox. 
-Poem, satire, and humorous flyer from Clif Bennett. 
-Poem by Tashunka Raven. 
-Poems by Martha Thomas 

FINANCIAL STATEMENT 

Many thanks to the following people for their donations: Andrew w Wertheimer, 
Miranda Edison, 
Clif Bennett, Jaime Enrique Baxter, sample copies, 
Ed D'Angelo, Erik Riese, Camille V., Jeff S., 
(If making a donation by check, please make it payable to the current 
publisher). 

-88.00 Balance e before V5N3 
======= 

-70.00 Printing g V5N3 (100 copies) 
-4.48 8 Sales Tax 
-14.75 International l Postage (air mail) 
-36.40 Domestic c Postage (first class) 

-213.63 Balance after V5N3 
======= 

35.37 7 Donations received after V5N3 
2.00 00 Paid advertisements for V5N4 

-176.26 Balance before V5N4 
======= 

I will liquidate the deficit before I pass MQ on to the next publisher. A A 
special thanks to all of you who sent in material and/or donations. I really 
enjoy this zine, and I hope we can keep it going. It's s the only regularly 
rotating anarchist publication that I know of, and one of the few that is 
financed by donations. Ed Stamm 

PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED 

ABAPA Freer, PO Box 759-MQ, Veneta OR 97487. Unedited forum 
about boosting freedom, esp. in favorable locales. 
Alter or Abolish (formerly "Urine Nation News"), Digit 
Press, PO Box 2149, Roswell GA 30077. 
Advocate for legal rights of individuals. 
Alternative Press Review, c/o C.A.L. Press, PO Box 1446, 
Columbia MO 65205-1446. "Your r Guide Beyond the 
Mainstream". 
Anarchist Studies, c/o White Horse Press, 1 Strond, Isle of 
Harris, Scotland PA83 3UD. Received d flyer 
advertising this new scholarly journal. 
Anarchy, c/o C.A.L. Press, PO Box 1446, Columbia MO 
65205-1446. "Journal l of Desire Armed". 
Black and Red, c/o Hill, 160 Lefferts Ave, Brooklyn NY 
11225. Newsletter r of the Anarchist Caucus of the 
Committees of Correspondence. 
Corre@ [don't use name of publication on envelope], N. 
Mendez, Casilla 25, Fac. Ingenieria, UCV, Caracas 
1040, VENEZUELA. Spanish h anarchist publication. 
Discussion Bulletin, PO Box 1564, Grand Rapids MI 49501. 
Non-market, anti-statist, libertarian socialists. 
Drug Test Survival Guide, c/o Digit Press, Dept 4 Box 2149, 
Roswell GA 30077. How w to beat a drug test. 
The Fire Fly, 700 Pearl St, Wallace ID 83873. Alternative 
zine with emphasis on family and environment. 
Free Society, PO Box 7293, Minneapolis MN 55407. Anarchist 
zine linking radical scholarship and activism. 
Freethought History, Box 5224, Kansas City KS 66119. 
Scholarly atheist newsletter. 
Global Mail, PO Box 597996, Chicago IL 60659. Networking 
zine with mailart, pen-pals, zines, tapes, etc. 
The Guillotine, c/o EMO, Binghamton Univ., PO Box 6000, 
Binghamton NY 13902. Libertarian n student tabloid. 
Industrial Worker, 1095 Market St Ste 204, San Francisco CA 
94103. Monthly tabloid of the IWW. 
Kick It Over, PO Box 5811 Station A, Toronto ON M5W 1P2 
CANADA. Politically y correct anarchist quarterly. 
Little Free Press, 714 Third St SE, Little Falls MN 
56345-3510. For r a moneyless, volunteer economy. 
LUNO, Gene Lehman, 31960 SE Chin St, Boring OR 97009. 
Newsletter concerning education reform. 
National Coalition News, PO Box 15036, Santa Fe NM 
87506. Alternative e schools support group. 
People's Culture, Box 5224, Kansas City KS 66119. 
Scholarly leftist cultural newsletter. 
Permafrost, PO Box 339, Seattle WA 98111-0339. 
Thoughts and life of Karl Myers. 
Practical Anarchy, PO Box 173, Madison WI 53701-0173. 
Eclectic anarchist quarterly with many contacts. 
S.E.T. Free, Box 10491, Oakland CA 94610. 
"The Newsletter Against Television". 
The Shadow, PO Box 20298, New York NY 10009. 
Tompkins Square anarchists' bimonthly tabloid. 
Shenandoah Newsletter, 736 W Oklahoma St, Appleton WI 54914. 
"Newsletter for Native-Nation people". 
The Solar Age Hemp Paper Report, Box 610, Peterstown WV 
24963. Pro-hemp p for the environment and economy. 
TRANET, Box 567, Rangeley ME 04970. "A bi-monthly digest for 
the Alternative and Transformational movements." 
Understanding the Libertarian Philosophy, Libertarian Party, 
1528 Pennsylvania Ave SE, Washington DC 20003. 
Informational flyer. Overlooks s entirely the 
coercive power of property owners and employers. 
Western Review Institute, Box 806, Chino CA 91708. 
Philosophical musings of Robert Sagehorn. 

ADVERTISEMENTS 

Display ads of about a 1/4 of a page (2" x 4") will be accepted at the rate of 
$4.00 per issue. Written ads are 5 cents a word. Some e ads appear free, as a 
public service or on an exchange basis. Circulation is about 85. If f paying 
by check, please make it payable to the current publisher. 

****** 

Flunk the DADS of Ph.D. Socialism. A free leaflet. Write e DDEC, P.O. Box 
3744-MQ, Grand Rapids, MI 49501-3744. 

****** 

"A Garland of Forest Flowers" by Swami Nirmalananda discusses the thoughts of 
this "enlightened anarchist" on the teachings of the most spiritual 
personalities of many different cultures. Available for Rs. 75.00 from Viswa 
Shanti Nikethana, B.R. Hills - 571 441, Karnataka, India. 

****** 

"El Anarquismo en America Latina" is a spanish language history of the 
anarchist movement in latin america. The 218 page prologue and the chronology 
are by Angel Cappelletti. Carlos s Rama edited this collection of texts and 
did the footnotes. The total length of the book is 708 pages, including the 
index. Colectivo o Circulo A, who publish "Corre@", are willing to ship copies 
of the book at cost to those interested. The book costs $21 paperback and $26 
hard cover, plus $8 packing and shipping. Send d well concealed cash or a 
check or money order made out to Nelson Mendez P. from a bank with a branch or 
agent in Venezula. Send to: N. Mendez, Casilla 25, Fac. Ingenieria, UCV, 
Caracas 1040, VENEZULA. Due e to the size of the book, they can only send one 
copy at a time. (Anyone headed that way interested in taking an extra 
suitcase?) 

****** 

Mothers and Grandmothers of Disappeared Children is a support group for women 
who have had their children removed from their homes by the state. We organize 
to make the public aware of the way the system abuses poor mothers and 
children and destroys families. Linda a Ray (414) 383-9459. 

****** 

The Libertarian Book Club, one of the oldest surviving anarchist groups in the 
U.S., has just published a new, comprehensive anarchist book list. The 20 page 
booklet was compiled and annotated by Bob Erler, and is available for $4.00 
from: Libertarian n Book Club, 339 Lafayette St Rm 202, 
New York NY 10012. 

****** 

The War Resisters 
League has produced 
a new video, "It's 
Not Just a Job", as 
a counter recruit- 
ment video to 
inform people about 
the military. 
339 Lafayette St, 
New York NY 10012. 

****** 

The AFFINITY GROUP 
OF EVOLUTIONARY 
ANARCHISTS 
(formerly AGMA) 
is an address 
exchange network 
linking individuals 
who favor education 
and self-organiza- 
tion as the pre- 
ferred methods of 
achieving a volun- 
tary, egalitarian 
and cooperative 
society. To be 
listed write: 
Ed Stamm, PO Box 1402, Lawrence KS 66044-8402 USA. email: <stamm at 
ukanvm.bitnet> or <stamm at ukanvm.cc.ukans.edu> 
