 Hi Everyone,
                 Here`s a very quick report back of the Northern 
anarchist Network conference, held in Leeds last weekend. Please note 
this is a subjective viewpoint. 
 
 The conference started off with a short plenary which set the tone of 
the conference as decided at the last get together, i.e. it would be based 
more on skill sharing and practical work than on theory, although the two 
are relatively inseperable.

 The first workshop was on everday struggles and  was introduced by 
Albert Meltzer. The workshop covered the idea of solidarity centres which 
anarchists should set up, where the community could have a place to 
organise and get advice about their everday struggles in the workplace 
and the community. The workshop then moved on to how to spread the 
message of anarchism in the wider community. The need to link up single 
issue struggles together to try and offer a more universal outlook was 
covered as was the need to spread the anarchists message more widely and 
to attempt to escape from the political ghetto. 

 The second workshop was based around Anarchist Black Cross, and 
supporting political prisoners. This took the form of addressing the 
practicalities for supporting prisoners for people who may not have 
written before i.e. what to say to break the ice, how not to jeprodise a 
prisoners liberty, and basically a reminder to put the prisoner first and 
to ask for what _they_ want. The workshop then moved on to what could be 
acheived by the network in terms of joint protests in the region of 
Northern England. The workshop also looked at the possibility of 
organising coaches and mobilizing for national demonstrations.

 This workshop was then folowed by a short video of the women in the 
EZLN, which provided a useful insight as to how political upheaval and 
armed struggle has affected the women involved in the EZLN in Chiapas. 
The women explained that if they had not joined the movement they would be 
a lot less free, and would have much less equality to the amount they 
have in the EZLN.
 The video was followed by a short discussion introduced by a Workers 
Solidarity Movment member from Dublin. The debate touched on the politcs 
and organisation of the EZLN and recent developments in the struggle. It 
also covered how this relates to anarchism, and whether people support the 
EZLN or not.

 In the evening there was a social and an excellent quiz organised by 
 people from Leeds Anarchist Group. This was really good in my opinion, 
as it had an imaginitive presentation, including an electronic 
scoreboard, name that tune, question categories, silly costumes and even 
dancing at the end!!

 The second day began with a discussion on developing the network. This 
involved sorting out the details of future work, and discussed methods 
that different anarchist groups in NAN could work together on. It was 
also decided that the next conference would be held in January.

 After lunch there was a speaker from a local solicitors who have been 
involved in a number of defence campaigns, as well as suing the police 
etc. This covered legal rights (or lack of them) on demonstrations, what 
tricks the cops like to pull and how to operate in custody. It then 
covered examples of when it is possible to sue the police and the 
likliehood of winning the case.

 The final session was a contraversial debate on Sexuality. Which looked 
at sexuality and the role it plays in society, how the state restricts 
and opresses it the state of sexual politics and the lack of rights that 
stil exsist for a large number of people in society.
 The role of the issue within the anarchist movement was then covered, 
with a wide range of opinions. 

 Althought the turn out was lower than expected, the people that did come 
were serious class struggle activists and a lot of concrete plans and 
suggestions came form the weekend. It would appear that the network is 
truly beginning to take shape, with this conference hopefully being a new 
start for anarchists up North to work together, aiming higher for bigger and 
better actions.
                          Doug.
