Tear Down the Walls - Campaign For Solidarity And Support

     Nightcrawlers Anarchist Black Cross (ABC) is a prisoner
support group working in the New York/New Jersey area. We are
initiating this campaign to build support for Political Prisoners,
Prisoners Of War, and Prisoners of Social Conscience in the New
Jersey prison system who are not currently being supported.
     There are revolutionaries locked down in prisons across the
country who have struggled to change our society and continue to
do so from behind the walls. Because of their continued activity,
many of these dedicated fighters are placed in control units,
prisons within prisons. Most of these prisoners have been abandoned
in captivity and receive little or no support or communication with
the rest of their communities. We cannot allow the state to silence
them.
     Prisoners need our solidarity and material aid to keep their
struggles alive. Without our aid it is difficult for prisoners to
have many of their basic needs met. Providing them with food
packages, stamps and reading materials is part of the support they
need. The other aspect is communication, via correspondence and
visiting. This type of support is crucial to ending their
isolation, and in maintaining a flow of information about what is
being organized on the inside, and on the outside. To make real
change, everyone must be involved. In the words of New Afrikan
Prisoner of War Ojore N. Lutalo, "Any movement that does not
support its captured combatants is a sham movement."
     There are a lot of prisoners who need solidarity and support.
There are many simple things you can do to aid prisoners and build
the prisoner support movement. For more information, please fill
out the form below, and return it to Nightcrawlers. Thank You.
----------------------------------------------------------------

_ I'd like more information on Tear Down The Walls.
_ I'd like more information on prisons and control units.
_ I'm interested in supporting a prisoner.
_ I'd like to contribute food, stamps, money or other material aid
for prisoners

Name:
Address:
Phone:

Please return to:

Nightcrawlers ABC
P.O. Box 20181
New York, NY
10009 USA





