IWW BINGO STRIKE WINS CONTRACT

But Management still playing tricks as fate of Bingo Hall remains
uncertain...

(Allentown Pennsylvania)     Bingo Hall management agreed June 22
to a contract with IWW (Industrial Workers of the World)
employees.  Grievance procedures, work rules, discipline, work
standards and seniority were negotiated up front as part of the
last minute settlement.  In addition, all of the old wages and
benefits are to remain in effect for 90 days to allow time for new
contract language negotiations.

    The agreement was reached just hours before deadline set for
Administrative Law court trial which would have heard NLRB charges
against management.  PASCAL and Allied Air Force, the Bingo club
owners, both agreed to reinstate all fired workers and pay nearly
$25,000 back wages.

    Boulevard Bingo became the target of IWW organizing drive June
1992, after 10 workers were fired for protesting unfair work
rules.  The fired workers joined IWW and began a campaign of
pickets, direct action, and NLRB charges. After being re-instated,
then fired again, the workers filed a second set of charges
including a Section 10(j) injunction ordering hall to stop illegal
labor practices.

BANKRUPTCY ATTEMPTED
    In late May, Bingo manager and PASCAL President John Havassy
filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors, thus
delaying the Administrative Law trial which had been scheduled
June 1.  Despite fact that bingo hall takes in half a million
dollars a year, Havassy claimed lawyer fees and back wages were
too much. Havassy also told bankruptcy court that IWW workers were
maliciously attempting to drive PASCAL out of business, and asked
that no IWW workers be re-instated until after the business was
re-organized.
    Bankruptcy Court ordered NLRB proceedings delayed for 3 weeks.
At June 10 Bankruptcy hearing, the judge said he wouldn't issue a
ruling until the following Tuesday to allow time for a settlement
to be reached.

POINTS OF NEGOTIATION
    With this deadline, bingo management realized it was fighting
a losing battle. PASCAL's attorney contacted IWW with settlement
offer -- PASCAL was willing to re-instate 8 fired workers, but
insisted on excluding 2 workers who are strong Union supporters.
    The IWW--IU630 Job Shop promptly rejected this offer and
proposed instead that all 10 workers would be re-instated and the
IWW would be given voluntary recognition as the collective
bargaining agent for the workers. The IWW was willing to make
concessions on back pay, but only in return for a signed Union
contract.  Both PASCAL and Allied rejected this provision.  The
Bankruptcy judge then rejected PASCAL's request for an injunction,
and ordered the NLRB trial to proceed on June 22.

TRIAL DEADLINE FORCES AGREEMENT
    Once in court, the Administrative Law judge offered both sides
a chance to try and reach settlement before trial began. Once
again, sticking point was contract recognizing the Union, and the
judge bluntly stated that if an agreement was not reached by that
afternoon, the trial would start next morning.
    Faced with threatening deadline, management agreed to the
    contract as described above.  Although we didn't get
    everything we wanted, the Wobblies consider it a tremendous
victory. We have stuck together and fought for over a year against
the bingo management's illegal practices and legal maneuvring --
AND we finally compelled a man (John Havassy) who once swore that
there would never be a Union in his bingo hall, to recognize the
IWW and sign a contract with it.  The contract is favorable on all
of the issues which provoked the strike -- work rules and
disciplinary procedures.
     The IWW extends its congratulations to the bingo workers on
their victory.  Your courage and fighting spirit are an
inspiration to all, and serves as an example to workers in small
shops throughout the Lehigh Valley and across North America.

IT AIN'T OVER
    July 2 Update:  Bingo workers reported that scabs, hired
during the strike, were on the shop floor -- sometimes as part of
management, sometimes not.  At times, there have been more
"management" personnel on the floor than the number of workers.
An IWW worker was told by Havassy not to report to work on Monday
July 5, because the place was going to be run by all volunteers.
Meanwhile, an unconfirmed report said that Boulevard's license had
been revoked, presumably by state authorities, and the hall would
not be allowed to open on that date.
     While a promise of back pay has been made, no payment has
     been received as yet.


INDUSTRIAL WORKER ---THE CUTTING EDGE OF INDUSTRIAL DEMOCRACY
Subscribe $15/yr.
NEW RED & BLACK IW  * STICKERS *  NOW AVAILABLE $1 EA.!!!  BE THE
FIRST IN YOUR LOCAL ORDER TODAY ---  Industrial Worker, PO Box
4217 Stn E, Ottawa ON K1S 5B2



