This is the fourth edition of the Anarchist Yearbook - Phoenix Press 

Introduction 

The Yearbook is an introduction to the anarchist movement in Britain today.
There are lists, supposedly comprehensive but no doubt there are omissions of
periodicals,publishers,organisations, and titles brought out since the last 
Yearbook. (if you spot any omissions or other mistakes write in so they can be
put right for next year's edition.) Because the Yearbook is trying to give an
overview of the differing viewpoints within it, the intention is to let people
speak for themselves and, as far as possible,not comment on them. this means the
Yearbook is pretty well unable to comment on current events or debates within
the anarchist movement. To bad. for the particular viewpoint of any grouping,see
their publications. In the same way, having rejected a narrow definition of
anarchism, the Yearbook gives space to groupings perhaps more accurately
described as libertarian rather than anarchist. It seems better to include too
much than too little. 

Most of Britain's anarchist movement is included in the following pages. if you
don't like the articles that appear in the anarchist press,write better ones and
send them in. If you don't like the titles brought out, then write better ones
and ask the publishers to bring them out. If the periodicals don't print your
books, publish them yourselves. If,rather then act as an individual,you want to
combine your efforts with those of others, details of the various anarchist
organisations are included in the following pages. 
In addition to the national groups there are various organisations,plus all the
periodicals and publishers listed elsewhere in the Yearbook. 

The Anarchist Black Cross were written up in detail in last year's Yearbook.
Their national contact address is:-PO Box 3241,Saltley,Birmingham,B8 3DP. 
The Kate Sharpley Library is an archive of anarchist material. 



Bookshops

There are several shops in London which should be mentioned because they have
reasonable stocks of anarchist books. 

   Freedom Press Bookshop - are covered in the list of publishers. 
   121 Bookshop - is at 121 Railton Road,Brixton, London SE24 (Tel071 274 6655)
   and is open 1 - 5 Wednesday and Thursday,2 - 5 Friday, 1 - 5 Saturday and 3 -
   5 Sunday. 
   The 56a Infoshop - is at 56 Crampton Street, Elephant and Castle, London SE17
   and is open Monday, Thursday and Friday from 3 - 7. 
   Housmans Bookshop - is at 5 Caledonian Road,Kings Cross, London N1 9DX 
   Compendium - is at 234 Camden High Street,London NW1 8QS. 

Next year's Yearbook will have a comprehensive list of shops outside London that
have decent anarchist sections. 


Publishers

There are several mail order services for those of you who can't get to the few
shops that sell anarchist material. AK Press are listed under publishers, as are
Freedom Press and DS4A. Counter products are listed under Aporia Press in the
publishers section. All of these mail order services do a catalogue. Send them
an SAE or a couple of IRCs or your lifesavings or what ever. See the anarchist
press for details,nearer the time. 

The Anarchist Distribution Service sends out free material to class struggle
groups around the country once a month or so. With a bit of luck this fills in
some of the gaps between thethree national groups. Send them a hundred copies of
the leaflet you want sent out,plus a fiver for the postage. Class struggle stuff
only.
Their address is PO Box 446,Sheffield,S11N 

Moving outside the anarchist ghetto there are the Anti-Nuclear Network, a direct
action group whose address is c/o 265 Seven Sisters Road.Finsbury Park,London N4
2DE. 
Another directaction group is Anti-Fascist Action whose address is BM Box
1734,London WC1N 3XX. 

Would any other groups whose aims are progressive and who practice direct action
get in touch with the Yearbook to see if we'll include them next year. 

The entries that follow are written by the publishers themselves. If you have
difficulty in getting any titles you're interested in from local shops then try
going direct to the publisher in question or write to AK PRESS. 

ACE EDITIONS
c/o 84b Whitechapel High Street 
LONDON E1 7QX
Published by the Anarchist Communist Federation. The pamphlets cover specific
areas and continue a long British tradition of presenting popular and in depth
arguments in a cheap format. Each pamphlet discusses and extends
anarchist-communist ideas which will help bring about the anarchist revolution. 
Titles:
Manifesto of Libertarian Communism,
The Myth of Labour's Socialism,
Marxism and Its Failures, 
The Role of the Revolutionary Organisation,
Basic Bakunin. 

AK PRESS
22 Lutton Place
Edinburgh
EH8 9PE
031 667 1507
AK Press publishes books and Pamphlets on a wide variety of
anarchist,situationist,libertarian and related themes. Everything from poetry to
parapolitics. Other active service units of the AK empire included AK Press mail
order for individuals. Our current catalogue has around 4,000
books,magazines,political tapes and sexy sportswear. Ask us for a copy of the
catalogue 

APORIA PRESS
308 Camberwell New Road
London 
SE5 ORW
Tel 071 274 9009 
Aporia publishes the series of 17th century "Tracts & Rants" the bedrock of most
libertarian and political thought. Works by Winstanley,Coppe, the Diggers and
more extreme sectarians are complemented by contemporary anarchic essays by John
Moore and others. All titles distributed by Counter-Productions, POBox 556,
London SE5 ORL (send SAE for free descriptive mail-order catalogue of home-grown
and imported publications.) 

ATTACK INTERNATIONAL
No information received 

C.G.H SERVICES 
Ceased operations, all titles out of print. Feel free to reprint any titles you
like! 

B.M CLAUDIA
No information received 

DERRICK A.PIKE
No information received 

EXITSTENCIL PRESS 

DS4A 
Box 8,Greenleaf Bookshop 
82 Colston Street 
Bristol BS1 5BB 
We started publishing punk fanzines (Read IE) of a class struggle nature, and
started to press pamphlets. Our first was a repressing (Last of the Hippies) but
we intend publishing new titles this year in conjunction with Class War. We have
also started releasing records/CDs (Blaggers ITA) 

FREEDOM PRESS 
84b Whitechapel High Street 
LONDON
E1 7QX
071 247 9249
Publisher of Freedom, The Raven and some fifty anarchist books and pamphlets.
Bookshop open Monday to Friday 10.30 to 6.00,Saturday 10.30 to 5.00,closed
Sundays and Bank Holidays. Send for free book list. During 1992 wrecked by
Combat 18 and later subjected to an arson attack,which closed the bookshop for a
few weeks, but publication and mail order kept going. 

IRATE PRESS
address not yet sorted out
Important works produced cheap, open to suggestions particularly anti Stalinist.
Not single issues more into class struggle than anarchism. 

Kate Sharpley Library (KSL)
BM Hurricane
London
WC1N 3XX
The Kate Sharpley Library exists as an archival centre covering anarchist
publications from the 19th century on. Were print voices from our movement that
are rarely heard as well as providing a source of information,discussion and
contention. It holds thousands and thousands of papers,books and
journals,magazines and pamphlets, as well as private letters and memories. Our
bulletin is 50p, 2.50 for a year's subscription. Use us - and support us with
donations of archive material 

BM MAKHNO
No information received 

PHOENIX PRESS
PO Box 824
LONDON
N1 9DL 

PIRATE PRESS
PO BOX 446
SHEFFIELD
S1 1NY
Produces anarchist pamphlets cheaply. Mixture of class struggle serious stuff
and more situationist,but we print whatever takes our fancy. Didn't publish
anything in 93 but should be back in full flow in 94 

REBEL PRESS
Box R
84b Whitechapel High Street
LONDON
E1 7QX
081 558 7732
Publishers of a number of key situationist texts(eg Revolution of Everyday Life)
as well as other titles around the anarchist/feminist/individualist theme. 

SOLIDARITY
no information received 

SPECTACULAR TIMES
Box 99
84b Whitechapel High Street
London
E1 7QX 
Pocketbooks with a situationist inspired critique of the 20th century. Since the
death of Larry Law,author/compiler of the series,these titles have been brought
out by A Distribution. It is intended to get all the titles back into print(13
are currently available) 

UNPOPULAR BOOKS
Box 15
136 Kingsland High Street
London E8 2NS
Purveyors of proletarian literature since 1983. Peculiarly pertinent portrayals
of proletarian pressure to usher inouternational notions that negate normal
ideological identifications in a no nonsense way. In particular,publishers of
London Psychogeographical Association material along with such gems as Black
Mask and Asper Toms Open Creation and Its Enemies 

YEAR MINUS ONE PRESS
PO Box 71
Hastings
E Sussex 


Periodicals

The following descriptions are written by the periodicals themselves. Where no
information has been sent, this is recorded. If we think that a magazine no
longer exists we don't just put "no information received", we delete the entry. 

ANARCHIST BLACKCROSS BULLETIN
121 Bookshop
121 Railton Road
London SE24 OLR
072 274 6655
is published roughly quarterly, costs 25p and subscriptions are as follows
5.00/3.00 individuals,waged/unwaged 10.00/5.00 organisations, large/small. The
ABC Bulletin covers the cases of working class prisoners,whether imprisoned for
resistance to capitalism, framed by the police or fighting the prison system. It
also covers prison resistance,news,views and writings by prisoners, and
attacksprisons from a class perspective. The ABC is an active prisoner
solidarity network. 

BAD ATTITUDE
121 Railton Road
Brixton
London SE24 OLR
071 978 9057
Bad Attitude. Got it? Be positive about negativity girlz! From some of the
people who brought you Shocking Pink and Feminaxe, here is the only radically
national womens newspaper lashing back at the backlash and doing other things.
Bimonthly,subscription 5.00(10.00 boys). The unacceptable face of feminism 

BLACK CHIP
Ceased publication. If anyone wants to revive it,feel free to do so! Also,
people can reprint old issues,articles etc 

CLASS WAR
PO Box 772
Bristol
BS99 1EG
0850 393975
The agitational paper of the most widespread anarchist/communist current in
Britain, with groups in most towns and cities. On the ball news and views
coverage of events in Britain and abroad. This is more than just comment,this is
a campaigning paper and movement to change the world. 

CONTRAFLOW
c/o 56a Infoshop
56 Crampton Street
London SE17 

COUNTER INFORMATION
Pigeon Hole CI
c/o 11 Forth Street
Edinburgh EH1 
CI newsheet reports social struggles world-wide,worker's community, women's,
prisoners' struggles, resistance to racism,environmental destruction.... and
more! We encourage self organisation, collective direct action, and the
generalisation of resistance, leading to the revolutionary over-throw of all
oppression and exploitation. SAE brings sample. Bundles available for free
distribution(12,000printed!) Donations,news,exchanges welcome 

DIRECT ACTION
PO Box 574
Brockley 
London
SE4 1DL
Has'nt appeared for some time as the energies of the Direct Action Movement are
going into their three industrial networks,education, public sector and
transport. However,Direct Action should reappear in 94. 

ECHANGES ET MOUVEMENT
BM Box 91
London
WC1N 3XX
A network of comrades and groups exchanging information and discussions on class
struggle, trying to escape the traditional sectarian opposition of ready made
theories,learning from class actions against capital. Quarterly bulletin in
English and French and pamphlets.
Presentation text and publications from above address or from BP 241,75866
Paris,Cedex 18. 

EDUCATION WORKER
no information received 

FLUX
Box A,Rainbow Centre
180 Mansfield Road
Nottingham
Aiming to question old dogma and ideas in a constructive and non sectarian way.
Covers a range of issues relevant to libertarian socialism today. 

FREEDOM
(In Angel Alley)
84b Whitechapel High Street
London E1 7QX
Tel 071 247 9249
Fortnightly, 8 pages A3, 50p. For subscription rates,send for a free specimen
copy. Comments on world news from ananarchist view point. Anarchist movement
news. Expositions and discussions of anarchist ideas. Reviews 

GREEN ANARCHIST
Box ZZ
111 Magdalen Road
Oxford
OX4 1RJ
Uk's quarterly primitivist paper, 20 A3 pages 75p. Forum for international
network or Earth First! animal liberationists,anti-fascist and other autonomous
groups. Challenging range of publications via GA mail order c/o 151b London
Road,Camberley GU15 3JY including 
Titles
Green Anarchism: Its Origins and Influences, 
City Death, 
A Lie Too Far, 

THE HEAVY STUFF
PO Box 467
London
E8 3QX
0850 393975
New look and emphasis have been given to the thoughts of Class War activists.
Every edition will put our ideas to the front of struggles and help create a
real revolutionary movementthat is not afraid to muck in, rather than snipe from
the rear. Our day will come. 

HERE AND NOW
No information received 

INSIDE INFORMATION
No information received 

Lib ED
170 Wells Road
Bristol
BS4 2AG
Since the mid-sixties,Libertarian Education has been actively promoting freedom
in education by publishing books, pamphlets and magazines and organising
meetings, conferences and other events. For full information and a free copy of
Lib ED magazine, send a large (A4) stamped, addressed envelope. 

NEW ANARCHIST REVIEW 
c/o 84b Whitechapel High Street
London
E1 7QX
Review of anarchist titles currently in print and available in the UK. 2 to 4
issues a year. Delivered free. Available to individuals for a small
subscription. Its publishers run the annual Anarchist Bookfair in London in
October. 

ORGANISE!
Anarchist Communist Federation
c/o 84b Whitechapel High Street
London
E1 7QX
50p. Every three months. ORGANISE! is the national magazine of the Anarchist
Communist Federation. It is a quarterly theoretical and discussion magazine
which is published in order to develop anarchist communist ideas. As well as
discussing contemporary issues, it initiates debate on areas not normally
covered by agitational journals. 

OUR DAY WILL COME
PO Box 467
London E8 3QX
Republican,class struggle, anarchist football fanzine with neat ideas,
music/magazine reviews, letters, smashing fascists, free adverts column, and
issue 11 carried a page on the Class War Federation. It's listed in When
Saturday Comes,reaching parts others dream of..... 

PUBLIC SECTOR WORKERS' NETWORK
PO Box 73, Norwich NR1 2EB
PO Box 29, Manchester M15 5HW
PO Box 1681, London N8 7LE
Free publication of militant public service workers promoting workers' self
management and revolutionary change in society. Aim to network widely with like
minded workers, regardless of union affiliation, in public services, whether
state,voluntary or private sector. Won't waste time trying to reform existing
unions. Donations,subscriptions,bulk orders welcomed. 

THE RAVEN
84b Whitechapel High Street
London E1 7QX
Tel 247 9249
Quarterly,96 pages (sometimes more),3.00 post free. Each issue consists of
articles related to a particular topic of anarchist interest. All back numbers
available. 

SPANNER
No information received 

SUBVERSION
Dept 10
1 Newton Street
M1 1HW
Subversion is a small revolutionary group based in the north of England but with
an internationalist perspective! Wepublish a regular free bulletin with analysis
of the classs truggle and political comment,plus occasional pamphlets - the last
two on Ireland and the Labour Party. Membership open to all agreeing with our
basic principles and committed to collective work. 

TRANSPORT WORKER NETWORK
PO Box 7
Norwich NR! 2E
Launched two years ago by bus,rail and road haulage workers. Produce regular
bulletins,plus leaflets etc, on all that affects workers in our industry.
Propose anarcho-syndicalistorganisation as alternative to present ineffective
trade unions. also work to make RMT,TGWU etc, stand by workers andfight attacks
by employers. TWN members retain trade unionmembership whilst TWN presently
consist of numerous individuals, and groups in some cities. TWN is for active
solidarity, workplace control and real participative democracy. 

TROTWATCH
c/o Box NDF
72 Radford Road
Hyson Green
Nottingham NG7 5FT
Very occasional anti lefty journal, analyzing the antics, ideology and anti
proletarian practice of supposedly'revolutionary' British left: from the rump of
the Bennite labourist left to the hardcore leninist partyist fundamentalists.
Carry on recruiting! a pamphlet length studyof the Socialist Workers Party
(SWP), will be jointly published with AK Press in the autumn. Trotwatch issue
two should appear in the winter of 93/94. 

WORKERS SOLIDARITY MOVEMENT
Workers solidarity movement
PO Box 1528
Dublin 8
Ireland 75p, sample copy free. Quarterly A4 20 page magazine packed with
anarchist news,views, analysis and reviews from Ireland. The WSM also
publish,pamphlets including Parliament or Democracy(50p) The Spanish Civil
War:Anarchism in Action(1.50), and Ireland and British Imperialism, which deals
withthe partition of Ireland,sectarianism, the civil rights movement,loyalism
and republicanism (1.50) 

   Introduction 
   Bookshops 
   Publishers 
   Periodicals


NB:
Note The New Title and Extracts from The Monument (SPGB history) have not been
included mainly because I have done enough typing today. If you are interested
these appear in the hard copy version of the Anarchist Year Book 1994 ,which can
be bought from Phoenix press for 1.50. 


Phoenix Press

After the revolution money will either be abolished or will grow on trees, I
forget which. In these decadent,pre-revolutionary times, however, printers want
to be paid for their work. So if you want to see more anarchist books inprint
and don't mind putting your money where your mouth is, Phoenix Press has a loan
system whereby money is collected in small sums until enough has been got to pay
for the printing of a book. Ten books have been printed using this system. The
basic sum of money being asked for as a loan is currently 40.00 (It used to be
less but that's inflation for you.) This sum has been chosen because it's
slightly less than a full week's dole and therefore within the reach of most
people. For the 40.00 loan you'll get a copy of the book for which the money was
lent, plus a copy of the current Anarchist Yearbook. When enough books have been
sold you'll be offered your loan back. (Remember Phoenix is asking for loans,not
gifts.) This takes ages and of course you'll be asked to continue the loan for
another book. 

The Phoenix loan system means you can help anarchist publishing without having
to put up the full cost of a book(at least 2,000.00, a sum beyond the reach of
most people). So if you think anarchists publishing is worth supporting, and can
afford it, send a 40.00 loan the 
Phoenix Press at PO Box 824,London N1 9DL. 
Try and remember to include your name and address since there come in useful
when sending you the book. the book for which loans are currently being sought
is PitSense versus the State by Dave Douglas. this is an important working class
document giving an insider's account of militant working class activity(the
miners' picketing in 84/85), not the usual middle class outsider's one. Attacks
the lefties who criticised from the outside without knowing what was going on!
Sounds good? Please help. 


