The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

JAPAN (PART II)
 Some further information gleaned  from  the  Japanese  anarchist
press   (thanks   to   those   comrades   who  have  helped  with
translation). Libara Volo (esperanto for Free Will  (?))  is  the
monthly  journal  of  the Japanese Anarchist Federation and began
publication in the late 80s. At a meeting last year there  was  a
call  for  unity  and  action  - apparently the movement there is
dogged by the problem not unheard  of  elsewhere  of  individuals
being  reluctant  to  make  compromises for the sake of concerted
action. The Federation is not a large body and  describes  itself
as  not  a  pyramid  or  even  a  union  of groups rather it is a
gathering of "Free Wills" (as in journal's name) who  hold  ideas
in  common. Decisions are only taken unanimously and in principle
members contribute 1% of income - a minimum of 1000 yen  (approx.
6.50)  - permonth. Although in practice the amount is left to the
individual to decide  upon.  At  the  same  meeting  an  activist
reported  from  a demonstration in Tokyo against the detention of
foreigners by the police (an important issue in Japan see Freedom
30/4/94)  during  which  membership apparently doubled! There was
also a debate on how the linked forces of the state, the military
and  industry  dominate  society. Anti-war activity was seen as a
way of dissolving the state but  there  are  disappointingly  few
active comrades...

Freedom Press has also received another publication called Actual
Action.  This  is published by a group of 'left-wing radicalists'
(not clear if their leaning is specifically anarchist)  that  has
been  going for a year. Despite publication problems they profess
themselves 'full of confidence in revolutionary hope and volition
of  solidarity'. They seemingly have regular contacts with German
anarchists and sound like a cuddly bunch  of  people.  Here's  an
extract  with  some  help  with their English (far better than my
Japanese):

The  globe  and  the  consciousness  of   existing   questionable
'internationalism'

To be honest, we are fed up with the 'internationalism' which has
been  preached  by  leftists all over the country and at the same
time their 'isolationism'. We share their views on the  state  of
opposition  movements  in this country. We realise that by merely
protesting we run the risk of  being  dubbed  simply  'negative'.
This  is  something we never want to be. We call for revolt and a
struggle against  the  Japanese  state  and  have  launched  this
publication  as  our first step. The aim of our publication is to
contribute to the struggle not only domestically but  also  world
wide.

Furthermore we would  like  to  influence  movements  from  their
beginning,  to  help  form their substance. Our perspective is to
overtake real internationalism based on 'actual action'.

One  of  the  greatest  reasons  for  the  piling  up  of  social
struggles, is that from their conception they were limited to the
field of what we revolted against and fought in this country.  It
is this very thing which has produced a substantial isolationism.
We want to present another perspective realising that  the  field
of  what  we  fight  and revolt against is, in short, the 'world'
itself and inside the borders which form  states  separeting  the
world.  It  is  our strategy to fight against the ideology of the
world versus Japan and Japan versus the world.

We hope to bring you further news from  Japan  particularly  next
year with the anniversary of the first nuclear holocaust...


























































