ANARCHYINALBION? -  Frater Nexhagus XXIII - part 3 of 4

From: John.C.S.Quel <John@fnord.demon.co.uk>

It is an established fact that the Occult Establishment have been 
indoctrinated into accepting the `Beast` system (one of the ways 
of immanentizing the New World Order). This has been perpetuated 
by their fascistic process of domination and control (information 
pertaining to the `Beast` system being incorporated into barcodes 
can be obtained from the previously mentioned issue four of HOAX! 
magazine.) Two of the most important sigils that are used to 
support this system of control and order are said to be the 
number 666 and the `Swastika` symbol. 

The swastika is an ancient symbol that has been around for 
thousands of years as either a religious sign or as a decorative 
emblem. It has been found in Ancient Egypt, India, China, and Mu 
and is thought by some scholars to have been first used as a 
representation of the sun (and additionally represents the cyclic 
nature of the seasons). It appears on ancient Greek coins, on 
artefacts of early Roman Xtians and in Celtic and Scandinavian 
settlements. The swastika has also been found among native 
peoples of North and South America, where it was used to 
represent infinity (and was also used to ward off evil spirits. 
The name swastika comes from the Sanskrit Svasti, meaning `well-
being' or `good luck'. Contrary to popular belief, the direction 
in which the arms of the sign point holds no significance for 
black magick. The symbol used by the Nazis was the same as that 
used by Hindus or Buddhists (The anti-clockwise variety is used 
in the worship of the goddess Kali). If shown in a clock-wise 
motion it symbolizes life and fertility, while in an anti-
clockwise motion it denotes death and decay. Hitler`s interest in 
the occult therefore made the clock-wise swastika his chosen 
symbol in the hope that this would provide beneficial powerful 
influences. The Nazis adopted the swastika as their symbol 
through the mistaken belief that it represented their ideal of 
Aryanism, a link with earlier Scandinavian and Germanic peoples 
and the idea of racial superiority.

The swastika ultimately represents an enigmatic and evocative 
powerful divine energy. There are few symbolic marks so widely 
distributed over the Earth. It is a primal symbol which denotes 
the centre of the universe, a symbol of being and 
creation/destruction.

"In the swastika we see the Victory of the idea of our creative 
work." - Adolf Hitler.

"The leftward-spinning swastikas spin into the unconscious; the 
rightward-spinning ones spin out of the unconscious chaos." - 
Carl Gustav Jung.
 
At dawn on the Summer Solstice of 1914 (the beginning of World 
War I) Dr. George Watson MacGregor-Reid was head of the Druid 
Order. Although he had previously stood for Parliament as one of 
the first Labour Party candidates, he was also an advanced 
Magickian. It is frequently cited that the Sect of the Druids 
were responsible for conducting human-sacrifices, but this fact 
pales into insignificance when in the same year a huge, mad, 
ritualistic blood sacrifice swept Europe. Dr. MacGregor-Reid, the 
`Anointed Chosen Chief`, sternly defended the tradition of a 
Druidic ceremonial rite at Stonehenge on Midsummer morning, and 
declined all requests by the authorities to desist in carrying 
out the ancient ceremony. He was then forcibly ejected from the 
sacred site (as have many others since). It can be clearly seen 
from the photo provided that Dr. MacGregor-Reid wore a sigil of a 
Swastika whilst at Stonehenge (due to it`s solar aspects and in 
no way connected to it`s later Occult use as adopted by the 
Nazis). Dr. MacGregor-Reid is in fact the great-uncle of 
anarchist artist Jamie Reid. Jamie Reid, punk plagiarist and arch 
anarchist artist designed the popular punk band `The Sex Pistols` 
graphics and produced the original `Anarchy in the U.K.` artwork. 
In his autobiography "UP THEY RISE: The Incomplete Works Of Jamie 
Reid" his poignant picture of Parliamentary power incorporates 
potent imagery of Swastikas instead of a clock-face on Albert 
Tower. (This artwork has also appeared on the back-cover of VAGUE 
#21 and the front-cover of Heartbreak Hotel #4). Perhaps, this is 
an unintentional subconsciously inherited aspect of his 
ancestor`s past coming back to haunt him as prophecy?  

[Yet another prophetic `coincidence` connected to the levitation 
is that of a picture of the Albert Tower being in flight over the 
Thames as shown on the back-cover of Nocturnal Emissions `Songs 
of Love & Revolution` album. This recording also features the 
vocals of Ian Bone (a prime mover in instigating `Anarchy in the 
U.K.`) on the track "We Are Everywhere". When Nigel Ayers of the 
group was approached for a copy of this intriguing artwork, the 
original had mysteriously (suspiciously?) disappeared... ]

Discordians possess a myriad of mystic signs (just like the 
Masons and everybody else). One of them has been blandly lifted 
from good old Tory warmonger Winston Churchill; it was the V-for-
Victory motif that Winnie had used throughout World War II. To 
the Discordians it has many special meanings: the V, being the 
Roman numeral for 5, illustrates the Law of Fives. The way the 
sign is made, with 2 fingers up and 3 bent down, exemplifies the 
hidden 23 within the Law of Fives. The fact that this sign is 
also used by Catholic priests in blessing and by Satanists in 
invoking the devil illustrates the essential ambiguity of all 
symbolism, or the Cosmic Giggle Factor. [It has also been 
suggested that this gesture was a powerful cabalistic sign 
intended to dilute the lethal potency of the ancient swastika, 
which had been adopted by the Nazis. Churchill is said to have 
decided upon this particular retaliation after secret 
consultations with the magickian Aleister Crowley.]

The V-sign has subliminally infiltrated the whole counter-culture 
via prolonged exposure to sacred Discordian texts, such as, the 
Principia Discordia. Therefore, at the Parliament demonstration 
it should be no surprise to witness hundreds of thousands of 
protesters utilizing this potent hand-signal. The odd part will 
be that virtually nobody using this gesture will probably be 
aware of its significance.

The V-sign reversed and used as an insult, originates back to the 
battle of Agincourt. This potent hand-signal is formed by raising 
the hand in front of the body, with the palm turned towards the 
gesturer`s face. The forefinger and middle finger are extended to 
form a V shape. The remaining fingers are fully bent. The hand is 
then jerked upwards in the air two or three times (five maximum).

The dominant meaning for this gesture is `victory`, although, 
it`s older role was initially interpreted as an obscene insult. 
The true origin has been the subject of much debate. Even today 
its primary derivation is still in doubt, this being due to the 
strong taboo associated with the gesture (its public use has 
often been heavily penalized). The idea of the Churchillian 
Victory sign, introduced during the Second World War, was 
deliberately reversed (a magickal technique which Crowley was 
very fond of), so creating an insult. As the Churchill version is 
performed with the palm facing outward, away from the face of the 
gesturer. By rotating the hand through 180 degrees, it has been 
suggested that it was possible to create an insulting distortion 
of the original message. In other words, the reversal of the hand 
posture reversed the original meaning of the sign - from victory 
to defeat. Instead of saying "I wish you Victory", the gesture 
now said "I wish you defeat:, rather in the way that K.O is the 
opposite, both in form and meaning, of O.K.

The modern usage of this hand-signal was initiated by a Belgian 
lawyer named Victor De Lavelaye (inspired perhaps by his own 
forename?) on January 14th 1941. De Lavelaye was unhappy about 
the use of the letters R.A.F as a resistance graffito (this being 
before those letters re-emergence as the logo for resistance 
fighters the Red Army Faction in the heady Seventies). These 
initials were being scrawled on walls in Belgium by the 
underground, as a method of insulting the Nazis, but in a foreign 
language they lacked clarity and he was looking for something 
simpler which could be more universally understood. The idea of V 
for Victory not only exploited the English word (and paid homage 
to his own name), but also fitted the Flemish vrijheid and the 
French victoire. After his initial broadcast, proposing the V, 
the BBC mounted a highly successful propaganda campaign employing 
the morse code symbol for V (dot-dot-dot-dash) and the opening 
bars of Beethoven`s Fifth Symphony (Weishaupt`s Law of Fives 
again, due to Beethoven`s connections with the Illuminati). It 
was after this that Churchill adopted the sign and used it 
publicly at every opportunity. Nazi propagandists became so 
alarmed at the success of the symbol, that they started their own 
counter-project, V for Viktoria, but it was too late. The Allied 
V-sign had already swept occupied Europe, and was indelibly 
associated with the anti-Nazi movement.

The earliest record of the insult V comes from the 16th Century 
writings of Francois Rabelais. In 1532 he described a gestural 
`duel` in which an explicit copulation sign is made by a 
stretched out forefinger and middle finger held asunder and 
thrust upwards. In 1611, George Chapman, in his comedy May Day, 
has the following line: "As often as he turns his back to me, I 
shall be here V with him." This passage is quoted in late 
Victorian times to illustrate that `to make V`, as it was called, 
was a `derisive` gesture. 
 
Coming nearer the present day, the insult V was used by the crowd 
at football matches to a marked degree, before the advent of the 
first World War. Further evidence shows that the insulting 
version is the original version and the Victory version is a very 
late arrival. There is much evidence that indicates that 
Churchill was unaware of the existence of the rude, palm-back 
form, and he originally used this version in error on certain 
occasions. There is early film of him unwittingly making the rude 
V-sign at his troops and thereby inadvertently telling them to 
`get stuffed`, instead of wishing them victory in battle. Since 
all later film records show him performing the gesture palm-out, 
it seems certain that someone must have taken him on one side and 
gently explained the problem, so that the final and surviving 
form of the Victory sign became fixed and distinct from its 
unsavoury predecessor. (Even today, however, not all politicians 
have learnt this lesson. Conservative leader Margaret Thatcher 
was frequently photographed making a palm-back V-sign at moments 
of electorial triumph, whilst under the mistaken assumption that 
it was the V-for-Victory sign.

Other theories postulate the V-sign being a variation of the 
Cuckold sign (with the forked fingers representing the highly 
symbolic Cuckold`s horns); an altered version of the ancient 
Roman phallic finger-jerk insult, digitus impudicus (now known as 
the middle-finger jerk, done with that digit alone erect. e.g. 
"Sit on this!"); a slight variation of the last theory, but the 
two forked fingers representing, not one enlarged penis, but two 
separate penises (e.g. `one penis for her vagina and one for her 
anus.`); representing the fingers themselves inserted into the 
vagina during sexual foreplay (the spreading of the forefinger 
and middle finger into the V shape then represents an attempt to 
provide maximum vaginal stimulation by stretching the passage as 
widely as possible.); another interpretation indicates the 
female`s legs (or the genital`s labia) spread wide, ready to 
engage in copulation; an eye poking gesture; and the Hippies 
`Peace Sign` which was used as an covert insult by being 
sufficiently ambiguous to prevent the authorities taking any 
action, as it could be continually rotated, thus giving a veiled 
form of the phallic finger "Up Yours!" gesture. [The symbol `V' 
in the ancient inscriptions of MU, the Motherland (Empire of the 
Sun), stood for "The Eye Closed By Force, Forced Down".] The 
ancient & archetypal V-sign has been reckoned to be too salacious 
by the dominant patriarchal male-god worshipping society who have 
decided that it should be suppressed because of its strong 
undercurrent of Goddess symbolism.

The ritual was scheduled to commence at approximately 2.00 PM. At 
this precise time all the participants had already gathered 
around the assembly point at Jubilee Gardens and started to march 
towards the intended target. All preparations, conjurations and 
incantations took place at the Palace of Westminster, with the 
desired climactic result occurring between 2:23 -> 2:30 (It 
should also be noted that Parliament meets during the week at 
2.30 PM.)

An exercise of exorcism to expel these spiritual squatters 
commenced at 2:23 PM. The invocational words "Out, Demon, out!" 
were chanted, starting out as an inaudible whisper and slowly 
developing into a chaotic crescendo of speaking in tongues, 
ritual chanting, etc. The ritual was then followed by an 
appropriate banishing ritual (by employing the magickal act of 
using an emotional device such as laughter to prevent the evil 
spirits causing more chaos than that which it was hoped would be 
conjured during the invocation). The expected outcome of this 
auspicious occasion successfully kick-started a karmic domino 
effect in the cosmic game of life.

The ritual act of `levitation' was almost thwarted at one point 
by some specially deployed masonic police officers who tried to 
employ a secret anti-levitational technique. There was no 
absolutely no fear of creating a negative vortex which might have 
caused serious damage to the ozone layer (as was suspected might 
happen when the Neoist Alliance carried out their levitation in 
Brighton in 1993).

Many reports neglected to mention that the levitation actually 
took place at all (before, during, or after) and suppression of 
these facts will now result in an I.O.D magickal action directed 
against these mass media manipulators. Some reports even 
suggested that the building did not even start to rise and stayed 
fixed on terra firma. 



