THIS IS GREEN ANARCHISM
=======================

CIVILISATION IS EXPLOITATION

Mass society is too complex to work without specialisation. 
Specialised division of labour alienates us from each other 
and creates a hierarchy needed to co-ordinate production. 
Hierarchy divides society into the powerful and powerless.
The powerless are treated as objects to be exploited.
Exploitation on grounds of class, gender, ethnicity and 
sexual preference is intrinsic to mass society. Mass society 
cannot be reformed. It must be replaced.

SMALL IS BEAUTIFUL

Mass society must be replaced with communities small enough
for each person in them to be respected as an autonomous 
individual. In small communities, self-determination would 
replace hierarchy. You can't fight mass with mass. If our 
means and ends are to be consistent, we must organise in 
networks of autonomous small groups to replace mass society.

LAND OR DEATH

Mass society alienates people from the Earth. By controlling
the Earth's resources, the State controls society. We must 
end our dependence on the State by taking back the land and 
living self-sufficiently. By re-establishing our relationship
with the Earth, we undermine the hierarchical thinking that 
is destroying it.

REVOLUTION ON THE PERIPHERY

Mass society needs resources from across the planet to survive. 
Those most exploited by it are those that work the land in the 
Third World, only to have the fruits of their labour exported 
to profit the rich. They have nothing to lose by taking back 
the land at the expense of mass society. As less resources are 
imported from the Third World, mass society won't be able to 
come up with the goods in this country. Self-governing, self-
sufficient small communities will be more needed and easier to 
establish as the State loses control of the rest of the planet.

AUTONOMY NOW

We must support the revolution on the periphery by making our 
own here. We must share the skills needed to survive without 
the State, create a culture of resistance to free us from the 
alienation of mass society, live free of exploitation by 
boycotting banks and multinationals, building an alternative 
green and black economy and defending ourselves and the Earth 
by taking direct action against military bases and labs, 
developers and industry, exploitation and bigotry.

Green Anarchist, BCM 1715, LONDON, WC1N 3XX

*SECURITY*

If you want to get in touch with us green anarchists, remember 
that the State thinks we're subversives and regularly monitors 
our mail.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR OWN SECURITY
When writing to us, use a false name or your forename only, 
and a PO box or c/o address if you want a reply. Payment by 
postal order or cash is safer than poxy cheques. This is not a 
free country, so be warned - carelessness over security can get
you blacklisted or worse!




