               V O I C E   F R O M   T H E   H I L L S

               Number 1           *          Sept. 89.


      * from Upper Main Arm (nr Mullumbimby), NSW, Australia *


          * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


Voice From The Hills
--------------------

  We don't recognise the rule of european law over this country. We 
accept only the law that has guided people's lives in this land for 
the last 40,000 years. Although we all have european origins, we 
don't see the colonial government of australia as being in any way 
representative of our needs or desires.

  We, or our ancestors, were brought to this country to serve the 
greedy and selfish ends of the european ruling class, either by 
force or by trickery. (Most migrants are brought here as little more 
than slaves - although most of them don't know it.) We don't have, 
and never have had any desire to take land from the original people 
of australia. We want to live in harmony with them and with the 
land. In fact, we see the aboriginal struggle and our own as being 
closely related and inextricably linked.

  We are picking up the tradition of struggle against the european 
colonizing class. In britain this has been going on for 2000 years 
(longer in other parts of europe) and we have been systematically 
cut of from it on being brought to this country.

  We aim for a society of self-determination, freedom and equality. 
Not a society where everyone has to conform to the rules of the 
powerful few.

  We want to see an end to commercialism, greed and money. And we 
are totally opposed to the desecration of this land and the 
exploitation of all people living on it.

  We also see ourselves as part of an international movement against 
hierarchy, patriarchy, racism and colonization.

  We choose to live in the bush because we feel we can live more 
productively in that environment. While we acknowledge the validity 
of struggle in australian cities, we believe that life in these 
cities is like a straightjacket which keeps us constantly struggling 
for survival without ever being able to effectively strike back at 
our oppressors. We need to breathe and relax and think clearly about 
the best way to take the fight beyond our daily one for survival. 
The city is the heart of the control structure and as such may seem 
the best place to hit back at it from. But it's also the place where 
its effects are the most powerful. We have not just come here to 
vegetate, as some of our friends in sydney and melbourne would like 
to think. (We can do that just as easily in the city!) We've come 
here for survival.

  The "guerilla war" starts in the hills!


 
                            @   @   @



Rich Land Leeches Evict Poor Scum (as ususal!)
----------------------------------------------

  Looking out around me I see the views of Mt. Chincogan and the 
hills for miles. As the morning sun rises I can't see the land 
boundaries that exist to separate the rich from the poor and I'm 
saddened to know that they're there.

  Recently the holy dollar and the game of money again won out over 
the needs of the common person, and a little house on Kohinur was 
evicted. Set in a valley, the house was cold and damp in winter, hot 
and steamy in summer, and little more than a shed to the rich scum 
who find satisfaction in turning our homes into 'art' studios.

  Kohinur is a large area of land which is 'owned and operated' by a 
group of yuppies who bought up quickly and cheaply during the 'hippy 
era' of the 70's. How soon their ideals and thoughts for others 
changed in the vicious game of land and money.

  A shack with no amenities becomes a money making entity, although 
the yuppie scum have seen it all of six times in two years (in 
between trips O.S.?) and have done sweet fuck all towards its 
upkeep. Why should they bother, they 'own' it!

  As the house has no real amenities the buck was passed to the 
'Boring Shire Council' who are supposidly using this as a feeble 
excuse to rid the valleys of Main Arm and surrounds of people who 
aren't fortunate enough to own their own land. Any house in the area 
that is not council approved is heading for destruction if they get 
their way.

  What about those people who were evicted? Well, they're survivors. 
When you don't have you can't lose much, THEY TAKE IT FROM YOU!

  As survivors of many situations such as this, in Melbourne and 
Sydney, they have learned to take it as it comes. They rely more on 
instinct and and much prefer good health and sanity to vast 
ammounts of money and power. They're not and won't be part of 
someone else's petty game of monopoly.

  They don't care who has the most land and money, but would hope 
that the rich scum that do would one day share it without their 
selfishness and greed!


                               @  @  @


Smack and Piss
--------------

  Some people we know in Sydney recently decided they didn't want 
alcohol or pissed people in their house. One of their regular 
visitors, who's a heavy drinker objected to this on the grounds that 
they use heroin and don't mind people hitting up round there.

  Strange! we thought, how do they justify that?

  "The worst thing most people using smack are likely to do is 
throw up." One of them said. "And they're not likely to do this in 
the middle of your lounge room like pissheads usually do! Apart from 
that, the next worst thing they'll do is nod off.

  "We used to have people coming round with piss all the time and 
using this house for their own parties. They get loud, obnoxious and 
sometimes violent. They fall over a lot and smash the fuck out of 
your furniture. On top of that, I've got a bit of an alcohol problem 
myself and i don't want to be encouraged to get pissed. Give me 
smack any day!"

  Weird, eh? Maybe it's the wrong drug that's legal!



                                @  @  @


DRUG USERS...
-------------

HOW DO I AVOID OVERDOSING?

*If you are going to inject, BUT haven't for a while, USE A SMALLER 
AMMOUNT THAN YOU'D NORMALLY TAKE. This is because:
-Your tolerance will be low.
-You will not know the quality of dope.

*Remember mixing different drugs makes you more likely to overdose, 
even 6-8 hours later (ie heroin, pills, alcohol, speed and cocaine).

*Try to be in the company of others when you use.

THIS COULD MEAN THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN YOU GETTING STONED AND 
OVERDOSING.


DISPOSE OF SYRINGES SAFELY.

*Not down toilet, gutters and drains, because they wash up on 
beaches.

*Don't throw syringes away in public places, e.g. footpaths, 
playgrounds, parks or near schools, beaches.

REMEMBER TO ALWAYS USE THE CORRECT METHODS OF DISPOSAL!!


SPREAD THIS MESSAGE TO YOUR FRIENDS!!



                            @  @  @



Stop The City
-------------

* Break the silence and begin to rebuild our communities *

STOP THE CITY is an annually held direct action protest taking place 
in sydney since 1985. But you can join in wherever you are. it is an 
ongoing project to highlight the diversity and disatisfaction with 
the society we live in today.....or at least parts of it.

The protest each year aims to unite all individual/group activities 
into a strong, loud call for change. As individuals we are all aware 
of the things that need changing, but our options and energies can 
only be stretched so far when dealing in such demanding channels.

Through solidarity and direct action change can come about.....

A small protest here and a small protes there can be effective for 
our own quest, but for effective reaction we need numbers, action 
and a whole new enthusiasm to continue the fight against this 
capitalistic disease.

Whether your chosen cause deals with sexism, racism, the environment 
or one of many other exploitive facets which surround us, we cannot 
bring about wholesale change without each other. We have the numbers 
to at least become recognised, our cries of despair will be heard, 
and our singular issues will no longer be lost in the corridors of 
power.

On this day, or the evening before we ask you to join the growing 
ranks of the discontent, to take the actions necessary to support 
your particular cause.

                             * * *

ORGANISE PICKETS.....DEMONSTRATIONS.....LETTERS OF PROTEST...

SMASH THE TOOLS OF CAPITALISM...

Multi-national corporations think purely of profit and gain, take a 
look as one such company..UNILEVER..a close look at the goings-on 
reveal just about everything that is wrong with human prticipation 
in this world today, including the exploitation of animals, third 
world forests, and its people, chemical wastage, pollution, dietary 
intake, and an endless list of dirty deeds which line the pockets of 
these ..successfully.. managed corporations.

                             * * *

WE HAVE MAINTAINED A SILENCE CLOSELY RESEMBLING STUPIDITY
Now is the time to be seen or be heard (preferably both)
...ACT NOW...

For those people interested in further discussion, idea swapping, a 
pre-protest get together will be happening on THURSDAY 12th 
october... at 6 o'clock onwards at the Sandringham hotel, king st, 
newtown.................

THIS DEMONSTRATION IS A LEADERLESS, THUS BLAMELESS PROJECT.
organised by yourselves, for the sake of others, 
Anarchistic in its set up, yet, realistic in its aims.

LETS TAKE BACK WHAT IS OURS, EDUCATE AGITATE AND ORGANISE, ITS UP TO 
YOU AND ME.

DIRECT ACTION GETS THE GOODS........DIRECT ACTION GETS THE GOODS


                         @  @  @


Herbal Abortifacts
------------------

  It is not the intent of this article to dispense medical advice or 
to prescribe the use of herbs as a form of treatment. There are many 
experts in the field with wildly varying views. In the event you use 
this information without your doctor's approval you are prescribing 
for yourself, which is your right, but the publisher assumes no 
responsibility.

  This information is culled from 20 books on herbal rememdies and 
from talks with herbalists and women in the States and Europe. It is 
not all that exists on abortifacts but the most persistant.

  Any use of these herbs must be done in a careful way. Read the 
article thoroughly; be cautious. These herbs can be very potent. do 
not use them in larger quantities or more often than specified. All 
work best in the first month of preganancy or as soon as pregnancey 
is suspected. The herbs usually work approximately 40% to 45% of the 
time.

  These methods are best used in a situation where you can have 
access to a medical abortion as a backup. Complications are possible 
with any miscarriage. There is the danger of an incomplete 
miscarrieage or hemorrhaging. It is also possible that an herbal 
concoction which does not produce the intended miscarriage still 
damages the fetus.

1. This method is the best tried and proven. It is easily available 
and cheap with no know side effects: VITAMIN C. Dosage is 6 grams 
for 3 days. It should be taken in small quantities, e.e: 2 grams 3 
times a day for 3 days. Vitamin C can be taken immediately after 
unprotected intercourse to prevent fertilization or as soon as 
pregnancy is suspected. It seems to work best if taken when, or just 
after, tperiod is due but it has been effective into the first month 
of pregnancy. Basically the sooner it's taken the better.

  The 3 day treatment can be repeated, but there is no known 
information on how often it can be repeated safely. Because no one 
really undersatnds how or why it works, we limit it to two trials. 
It ususally takes 2-1/2 to 3 days after the first dosage to work. 
Wait 4 or 5 days from the last day taken before repeating if there 
is no blood after 3 days. Blood flow is slow at first. There may be 
some cramps. It may not work for women who take doses of Vitamin C 
regularly. NOTE: It should not be taken by women with kidney 
problems as it puts stress on the kidneys in the elimination process.

2. An alternative to Vitamin C which may be used together with t 
(more effective) is PARSLEY - fresh only, in the vagina. Change ever 
24 hours but it should work (if it's going to) within 12 to 15 hours 
after insertion. It may get smelly of hard to take out, but it's not 
dangerous. Method: take fresh parsley (a handful), wrap it lightly 
in gauze and roll like a tampon. A string can be sewn on to make 
removal easier. Insert overnight preferable. This can be repeated 
without danger but usually works quickly if it's going to.

3. These are the most common herbal abortifacts, in decreasing order 
of effectivenenss:

BLACK COHOSH - causes uterine contractions

BLUE COHOSH - stimulates contractions and helps to slough off 
uterine lining

PENNY ROYAL - stimulates release of oxytocin in the brain which is 
the hormone which induces contractions

MUGWORT, GINGER, YARROW - helps to slough of lining of the uterus

SAFFRON, RUE, COTTON ROOT BARK - stimulates contractions

TANSY, SOUTHERNWOOD, SQUAW VINE, GOLDEN RAGWORT - stimulates 
contractions

  Any of these can be taken individually or in combination and may 
cause contractions and subsequent bleeding. They are most effective 
in combination. They are all 'emmenagogues' but have a different 
function in the body. That's why it's best to combine them, eg. one 
to slough off, one to stimulate contractions and one to tone etc. 
The general recipe for any of these is an infusion (tea) of one 
teaspoon herb per cup of boiling water. Steep 20 minutes. Drink one 
cup of tea 4 times a day for 5 days.

  A recipe that has worked best for women in Montreal, and has also 
been used in San Francisco and New York is:

1 tablespoon Penny Royal (fresh not oil)
1 tablespooon Blue Cohosh
1 tablespoon Yarrow
1 tablespoon Rue

  Boil 3 cups of water. Add blue Cohosh. Allow to simmer 10 minutes. 
Add other herbs. Remove from flame and allow to steep 30 minutes. 
Drink 1 cup every 4 hours for up to 5 days.

or (not together and is less effective):
Saffron - 1 gram per 1 litre of water. Steep 30 minutes. Makes 8 
porions. Drink 1 portion every 2 hours for 1 day. Period may appear 
at the end of the day. If not do not repeat.

or American Indian recipe: Penny Royal and Brewers Yeast - 1 
teaspoon Penny Royal per cup of boiling water. Steep 20 minutes. Add 
Brewers Yeast. Drink 1 cup every 4 hours for 4 days.

  The first recipe is the best. The others have worked, but not as 
consistently. The herbs are potent. What may work for one woman may 
not work for another. If a woman starts to feel sick, she should 
stop taking the tea. Some cramps and any normal pre menstrual 
feelings and aches are not dangerous, but feeling 'sick' is not 
okay. If the herbs are going to work, they usually do so after the 
first try. Two dosage periods are okay for all the recipes except 
for the Saffron, but the dosages are not recommended more than twice 
and then only in the early stages, up to 8 weeks. (The herbs have 
worked for some women a bit later, this depends on the woman.)

NOTE: If any of these herbal remedies are unpalatable, any mint teas 
may be added to the recipe. Do not add more water, just the mint. 
Women should eat very lightly when taking the teas - vegetables and 
tea. Oil of herbs is much more potent and concentrated than dried of 
fresh herbs. All of these recipes are for dried herbs. Do not 
substitute oils for fresh.

  "If I suspected I was pregnant, I would start with Vitamin C, and 
then go on to the herbal concoction. I would do the Saffron last, 
and probably not try any of it after 8 weeks, unless I was sure of 
getting a mechanical abortion if the herbal abortion didn't work. 
I'd do the Vitamin C and the herbal recipe twice before the Saffron 
and then I'd give up in favour of a medical abortion. I'd do 
everything I could to get a medical abortion, even if i was trying 
the herbal recipes. The appointment can always be cancelled. Keep in 
mind that these herbs, if the work to induce abortion, could also be 
potentially damaging to the fetus. Only use these herbs if you are 
sure of having options other than continuing with the pregnancy if 
they don't work."


                              @  @  @


DIRECT ACTION

SAVE THE WASHPOOL WILDERNESS


How To Get There
----------------

At Baryugil go west onto Lionsville Road. This becomes Washpool Road.
Continue into Washpool National Park where you will find the camp 
ground on the left before you cross Washpool Creek.

For further infor contact: N.E.F.A. on (066) 213278



                              @  @  @



Whos Land
---------

    "The land lords put the 
    fences up a long time ago,
    The robbed us all,
    as many of us know."
                          Poison Girls


  So another chapter in the noble art of land leeching. The act of 
land exploitation has been reasonably short lived in this country. 
Since the so called 'colonization' or blatant theft of this land a 
mere 200 years ago, assorted claims have been made regarding the 
'ownership' of 'properties'.

  The whole practice of land ownership here is probably more 
blatantly a case of those who have no right to the land in the first 
place giving, selling or leasing it under totally false pretences to 
others. In this way our land has been passed down or sold off by a 
form of elitist scum known as the 'Land Owner'.

  I'm not saying all those who own land are fucked. I don't think 
anybody should be denied the right to a piece of land on which they 
can live. What i do see as being wrong is that in order to receive 
this bare necessity one is expected to take out a loan and wast the 
major part of their working lives, working towards giving more money 
& power to those who already have too much, and are using it for all 
the wrong things. (ex. land, people + animal exploitation)

  What i see as being doubly fucked is that a person can have in 
their possession several such pieces of land with which they can 
demand payment for the use of. Usually a major part of the 'tenants' 
earnings for any set time.

  Most of the choice is being a slave to the Banks and Bosses, or 
slave to the dreaded Land Leeches. Not much choice at all really.

  Surely the time has come to stop playing the Land Leechs game. 
Lets make a game of our own, we'll call it 'Lynch the Land Leech'. 
Let the land owner scum say "it's our land", but be sure to remind 
them, IT'S OUR FUCKING LAND TOO.


                               @  @  @


Fight Your Landleech!
---------------------

  HaVing trouble with your landleech? The want to evict you? Here's 
a guide to the New South Wales Landlord and Tenant Act to help you 
make it as hard for the bastards as possible.

1) If you're given notice to quit verbally, do not respond, but 
***at the end of the notice period*** tell the landleech that notice 
to quit is not valid unless given in writing. (This means they have 
to give you notice to quit again - which gives you twice as much 
time!)

2) At the end of the period specified in the written notice to quit, 
DO NOT MOVE OUT. Tell the landleech that under the NSW Landlord and 
Tenant Act they must go to court and get a possession order. Any 
attempt to evict you in any other way is illegal and they will be 
prosecuted by the NSW Housing Dept, who have an Illegal Lockout 
Section for this purpose. The police know about possession orders 
etc and will help tenants - not landleeches - if there isn't one.

3) The landleech gets a court date for the eviction hearing and you 
get a summons. Don't worry, this is only a Civil Law hearing and you 
should go. At this point you must have someone there who knows about 
Possession Order procedures. This can get the case postponed and 
possibly drag it out for several months.

4) However, eventually the court will grant a possession order. You 
can ask for it to be suspended for up to a month. But if not, the 
normal police procedure is to come round with the Warrant for 
Possession about 14 days after the Order is issued (usually after 
the court date) and help the landleech throw you out.


                               @  @  @


An Evening Of Diversity
-----------------------

Call it an ethical night club......

On the friday night closest to the moons fullest, at Kohinur 
Community Hall - Upper Main Arm - people have been gathering 
together - feasting, jammin, dancing, laughing and groovin out....

Motivation for such a venue came about one dark winterz evening when 
a group of us vegan headz were perched at home pondering the thought 
should we go to the gig or stay at home - Unimpressed with the local 
tavern and similar vulgar haunts - reminiscent of foul food 
ridiculous cover charges, alcohol swilling creatures and other such 
nasties clouded any further thoughts.

Being a vegan to begin with is an extension of vegetarianism for 
those who wish to avoid the use of anumal products of all kinds. 
Vegans do not consume eggs, dairy products, honey. Vegans also 
reject the use of leather, silk wook and fur as well as cosmetics 
and other products derived or tested on animals.

So we put our heads together and the idea came to life. So far there 
have been two vegan feasts and Kohinur hall - costing about $4 - to 
cover hall hire & food costs. We cooked steaming vegetable soups & 
pudding & custard. Other yummo treats. They've been pretty enjoyable 
nights so far... i must say.


                               @  @  @



Can't you see the symbols,
Why don't you understand?
Try and use your larynx
And not your fucking hands!

Your hands of petty violence
Hands of Government rule,
The hands of petty systems
Of which you are the tool!

See a house upon a street
Then try and make it home,
The LAW comes round to toss you out
Then tells you you're the scum!

Right now I'm on the streets 
And homeless once again, 
Try thinking of my problem
And how it all began!



           * * *


COMPOST
-------

We're the compost of your lifestyle
The shit upon your streets,
The people you can laugh at
When you feel you need a lift.
Your petty greed is shitful,
Though you insist it's right,
You deny me home and comforts
Cause i speak out and fight!

A thousand people homeless
Striving just to eat,
You say you'll solve the problem
While we're living on the streets!
Squatting's one solution
Your government deplores
Just because we're squatters
Our situation is ignored!

DON'T BLAME US FOR THE MESS YOU'RE IN
THAT EXCUSE IS WEARING THIN!
EXCUSES HERE, EXCUSES THERE
PEOPLE TALK BUT THE JUST DON'T CARE!



      *   *   *



I Cry For My Crusties!
----------------------

Once i was a berserk animal
But they cured me.
So now i'm a rug
And people walk all over me!



                             @    @    @



shoplift, SMASH EXPENSIVE SHOP WINDOWS, refuse to pay, SABOTAGE ON 
THE JOB, call in sick, PICKET, leaflet, DRESS UP, go crazy, DESTROY 
SURVEILLANCE CAMERAS, make love, GO ANYWHERE, be outrageous, BURN 
DOWN PARLIAMENT, strike, WORK TO RULE, loot, BOYCOTT, rip up the 
streets, GRAFFITTI, help someone who needs it, STOP TRAFFIC, take 
over the streets, PLANT SOME TREES, stand up to your boss, GLUE 
LOCKS, stuff up lifts, SMASH TELEVISIONS, talk to people everywhere, 
BE OPEN, give someone something, SWIM IN FOUNTAINS, lose important 
papers, STOP AND LOOK AROUND, eat some different food, LAUGH, sing, 
CRY, dream
and have FUN!

all this and more

oct 19th

NO BUSINESS AS USUAL


<from: Stop The City Kollektiv, Sydney>




