ANGRY BRIGADE COMMUNIQUES

First Communique

BROTHERS & SISTERS: 

We expect the news of the machine-gunning of the Spanish Embassy in London on 
Thursday night to be suppressed by the bourgeois Press... It's the third time
over the last month that the system has dropped the mask of the so-called
`freedom of information' and tried to hide the fact of its vulnerability. 

`They' know the truth behind the BBC the day before the Miss World farce; `they'
know the truth behind the destruction of property of High Court judges; `they'
know the truth behind the four Barclays Banks which were either burned or badly
destroyed; `they' also know that active opposition to their system is spreading.

The Angry Brigade doesn't claim responsibility for everything. We can make
ourselves heard in one way or another. We machine-gunned the Spanish Embassy
last night in solidarity with our Basque brothers and sisters. We were careful
not to hit the pigs guarding the building as representatives of British capital
in fascist Spain. If Britain co-operates with France over this `legal' Iynching
by shutting the truth away, we will take more careful aim next time. 

SOLIDARITY & REVOLUTION
LOVE
Communique, The Angry Brigade 

Communique 1

Fascism & oppression
will be smashed
Embassies (Spanish Embassy machine gunned Thursday)
High Pigs
Spectacles
Judges
Property

Communique 1
The Angry Brigade 

Communique 2

Success
Min. E. & Prod. 

Communique 2
The Angry Brigade 

Communique 3

(Only extracts of Communique 3 are available from l.T. 94 and l.T. 95) 

The statement claims the bombing of the Department of Employment and Productivity
Wages Council Office. They described it as part of `a planned series of attacks on
capitalist and government property'. It ends `we will answer their force with our
class violence'. 

Communique 4

Robert Carr got it tonight. We're getting closer. 

Communique 4
The Angry Brigade 

 Communique 4  Communiques  Communique 6
     Contents 


Communique 5

We are no mercenaries. 

We attack property not people. 

Carr, Rawlinson, Waldron, would all be dead if we had wished. 

Fascists and government agents are the only ones who attack the public -- the
fire-bombing of the West Indian party in South London, the West End cinema bomb.

British democracy is based on more blood, terror, and exploitation than any
empire in history. 

Has a brutal police force whose crimes against people the media will not report.

Now its government has declared vicious class war. 

Carr's Industrial Relations Bill aims to make it a one-sided war. 

We have started to fight back and the war will be won by the organised working
class, with bombs. 

Communique 5
The Angry Brigade 

 Communique 5  Communiques  Communique 7
     Contents 


Communique 6

FELLOW REVOLUTIONARIES... 

We have sat quietly and suffered the violence of the system for too long. We are
being attacked daily. Violence does not only exist in the army, the police and
the prisons. It exists in the shoddy alienating culture pushed out by TV films
and magazines, it exists in the ugly sterility of urban life. It exists in the
daily exploitation of our Labour, which gives big Bosses the power to control
our lives and run the system for their own ends. 

How many Rolls Royce... how many Northern Irelands... how many anti-Trade Union
bills will it take to demonstrate that in a crisis of capitalism the ruling
class can only react by attacking the people politically? 

But the system will never collapse or capitulate by itself. 

More and more workers now realise this and are transforming union consciousness
into offensive political militancy. In one week, one million workers were on
strike... Fords, Post Office, BEA, oil delivery workers... 

Our role is to deepen the political contradictions at every level. We will not
achieve this by concentrating on `issues' or by using watered down socialist
platitudes. 

In Northern Ireland the British army and its minions has found a practising
range: the CS gas and bullets in Belfast will be in Derby and Dagenham tomorrow.

OUR attack is violent... 

Our violence is organised. 

The question is not whether the revolution will be violent. Organised militant
struggle and organised terrorism go side by side. These are the tactics of the
revolutionary class movement. Where two or three revolutionaries use organised
violence to attack the class system... there is the Angry Brigade.
Revolutionaries all over England are already using the name to publicise their
attacks on the system. 

No revolution was ever won without violence. 

Just as the structures and programmes of a new revolutionary society must be
incorporated into every organised base at every point in the struggle, so must
organised violence accompany every point of the struggle until, armed the
revolutionary working class overthrows the capitalist system. 

Communique 6
The Angry Brigade 

 Communique 6  Communiques  Communique 8
     Contents 


Communique 7

COMRADES! 

Two months ago we blew up Carr's house. Revolutionary violence through the high
walls of English liberalism. 

Apart from a short communique we remained silent since... Why?... who is the
Angry Brigade... what are its political objectives... a lot of criticism was
directed toward vague directions... they called us the Special Branch, the
Front, Anarcho-nuts, Commies, Bomb-mob, the lot... we believe that the time has
come for an honest dialogue... with any comrade who cares to address us...
through the Underground Press... through anything. Look around you brother and
sister... look at the barriers... don't breathe... don't love, don't don't
strike, don't make trouble... DON'T. 

The politicians, the leaders, the rich, the big bosses, are in command... THEY
control. WE, THE PEOPLE, SUFFER... THEY have tried to make us mere functions of
a production process. THEY have polluted the world with chemical waste from
their factories. THEY shoved garbage from their media down our throats. THEY
made us absurd sexual caricatures, all of us, men and women. THEY killed,
napalmed, burned us into soap, mutilated us, raped us. 

It's gone on for centuries. 

Slowly we started understanding the BIG CON. We saw that they had defined `our
possibilities'. They said: You can demonstrate... between police lines. You can
have sex... in the normal position and as a commodity; commodities are good. You
can rally in defence of the TUC... The `leadership' is wise. 

THEY used confusing words like `public' or the `National Interest'. Is the
Public some kind of `Dignified Body' which we belong to, only until we go on
strike? Why are we reduced then to dreaded scroungers, ruining the country's
economy? Is `National Interest' anything more than THEIR interest? 

Lately we started seeing through another kind of con: There is a certain kind of
professional who claims to represent us... the MPs, the Communist Party, the
Union leaders, the Social Workers, the old-old left... All these people people
presumed to act on our behalf. All these people have certain things in common...
THEY always sell us out... THEY are all afraid of us... THEY'LL preach towards
keeping the peace... and we are bored... poor... and very tired of keeping the
peace. 

THE ANGRY BRIGADE BECAME A REALITY we knew that every moment of badly paid
boredom in a production line was a violent crime. We had rejected all the senile
hierarchies and ALL the structures, the liars, the poverty pimps, the Carrs, the
Jacksons, the Rawlinsons, the Bob Hopes, the Waldrons... 

To believe that OUR struggle could be restricted to the channels provided to us
by the pigs, WAS THE GREATEST CON. And we started hitting them. 

January 12 was important... we shattered the blackouts of the yellow Press...
hundreds of years of Imperialism... millions of victims of colonisation were
breaking up... all the suppressed frustration, all the glow of unleashed energy
was blowing our minds... Carr was totally unimportant... he was just a symbol...
we could have killed the bastard... or Powell or Davies... or any pig. 

Then we were scared... like any newly born baby opening our eyes to a gigantic
glow -- we got frightened... every knock, every word became a menace... but
simultaneously we realised that our panic was minute compared to the panic of
the Mirrors and the Habershons AND IT FLASHED: WE WERE INVlNClBLE... because we
were everybody. 

THEY COULD NOT JAIL US FOR WE DID NOT EXIST 

We started daring out into the open, talking to friends, to neighbours, to
people in the pubs, in football games... and we knew we were not alone... WE
WERE ALIVE AND GROWING ! 

COMRADES! 

Brothers and sisters we hardly know have been picked up, framed, intimidated,
harassed. The McCarthy's, the Prescotts, the Purdies are all INNOCENT. The pigs
need scapegoats. 

Our Power is the 6 Conservative Offices petrol bombed on January 13, the
Altringham generator which was blown out are all answers of the Revolutionary
movement to our call . 

We are certain that every single day that these comrades stay behind bars will
be avenged... Even if it means that some of the Pigs will lose their lives. 

Three weeks ago we nearly blew up Jackson's headquarters. We knew he had to sell
out. We wanted to hit him BEFORE he did the damage. But inside us we carry the
remnants of liberalism and irrationality... burdens of our past we have tried to
shed. He beat us to it... HE SOLD OUT ... Let the working brothers and sisters
be our jury. 

This time we knew better: it's FORD TONIGHT. We are celebrating the hundred
years of the Paris Commune. We are celebrating our REVOLUTION which won't be
controlled . 

Our revolution is autonomous rank and file action -- we create it OURSELVES. We
have confidence now... we don't have to wait for them to dangle something
tempting like a Powell, a Bill, or a bad apple in front of our faces, before we
jump like rabbits. We don't clutch desperately at the illusion of FREEDOM. Our
strategy is clear: How can we smash the system? How can the people take Power? 

We must ATTACK, we cannot delegate our desire to take the offensive. Sabotage is
a reality... getting out of the factory is not the only way to strike... stay in
and take over. We are against any external structure, whether it's called Carr,
Jackson, IS, CP, or SLL is irrelevant -- they're all one and the same. 

WE BELIEVE IN THE AUTONOMOUS WORKING CLASS. WE ARE PART OF IT. AND WE ARE READY
TO GIVE OUR LIVES FOR OUR LIBERATION. 

POWER TO THE PEOPLE 

Communique 7
The Angry Brigade 

Communique 9

WE are getting closer.

We are slowly destroying the long tentacles of the oppressive State machine...

secret files in the universities
work study in the factories
the census at home
social security files
computers
TV
Giro passports
work permits
insurance cards.
Bureaucracy and technology used against the people...
to speed up our work
to slow down our minds and actions
to obliterate the truth.
Police computers cannot tell the truth. They just record our `crimes'. The pig
murders go unrecorded. Stephen McCarthy Peter Savva, David Owale -- The murder
of these brothers is not written on any secret card. 

We will avenge our brothers. 

If they murder another brother or sister, pig blood will flow in the streets. 

168 explosions last year. Hundreds of threatening telephone calls to govt,
bosses, leaders. 

The AB is the man or woman sitting next to you. They have guns in their pockets
and anger in their minds. 

We are getting closer. 

Off the system and its property. 

Power to the people. 

Communique 9
The Angry Brigade 

Communique 10

JOHN DILLON'S IN; WE WON
BATTY AND HIS TRANSFORMER'S OUT; WE WON AGAIN
PUT THE BOOT IN
BOGSIDE -- CLYDESIDE
SUPPORT THE ANGRY SIDE SPREAD THE WORD
POWER TO THE PEOPLE 

Communique 10
The Angry Brigade 

 Communique 10  Communiques  Twelfth Communique
     Contents 


Communique 11

DAVIES IS A LYING BASTARD 

He hides the deliberate rundown of heavy industry, the rundown of investment in
the traditionally depressed areas, that's never been much anyway, by saying that
the closures at UCS are just the result of bad management. And the bloody
management won't suffer anyway. The conditions he's made for the new company are
tough only for the workers who have to sign once and for all a contract they
can't fight according to the Industrial Relations Bill. 

Davies `courageously' says the government won't support lame ducks. Yet 2 weeks
ago the government put a massive investment in Harland and Wolff. A political
move to keep capitalism going at any cost in the face of the people's uprising. 

VICTORY TO THE WORKERS ON THE CLYDESIDE.
We'd like to say to you to watch out for all the vultures who'll be flying to
Clydeside to tell you what to do. The same people who signed the productivity
deals that started the redundancy ball rolling are now trying to feed off your
struggle. If there's going to be an occupation it's got to be for real. Take the
yards from the bosses and keep them. The Labour Party, the Unions and their
minions, the CP with its productivity craze, the same bastards who always sell
us out, will try to fob you off with gestures like one day strikes and one day
occupations, petitions, etc., which will achieve bugger all. 

YOU ARE YOUR OWN LEADERS. HAVE YOUR OWN TACTICS. CONTROL YOUR OWN STRUGGLE --
SOLIDARITY 

BOGSIDE, CLYDESIDE, JOIN THE ANGRY SIDE 

Communique 11
The Angry Brigade 


Twelfth Communique

Over 5,500 refugees, 2,000 homeless, over 20 dead in 2 days, 230 imprisoned
without charge or trial, the six occupied counties of Ireland are terrorised by
the gunmen in khaki. This war of terror is carried out in the name of the
British people. THIS IS A SLANDEROUS LIE. The British Imperialist Campaign in
Ireland is waged only to safeguard the fat profits of a few rich pigs and power
crazy politicians. 

We warn all unemployed brothers and sisters. 

Do not be fooled by the army recruiting campaign. An army career isn't fun in
the sun and learning a useful trade, if you join you'll be trained in Belfast,
Derry and all the other working class ghettos in Northern Ireland to murder and
brutalise ordinary working class people. The training will come in useful when
the boss class sends the troops into Clydeside, Merseyside, Tyneside,
Birmingham, London and all the working class districts throughout Britain. To
any unemployed worker thinking of joining up we ask you one question: 

-- WHICH WAY WILL YOU POINT YOUR GUN WHEN THE OFFICERS ORDER YOU AGAINST THE
PEOPLE OF YOUR OWN TOWN?.. 

Who will you shoot when your parents, brothers and sisters are in sight of your
gun? 

The British boss class has lined its pockets with the accumulated profits of 700
years of exploitation of the Irish working people. 

Now they are killing to defend these profits. 

THE ANGRY BRIGADE ADVISES THE BRITISH RULING CLASSES TO GET OUT OF IRELAND AND
TAKE THEIR PUPPETS (LYNCH, FAULKNER, ETC) WITH THEM. 

ANGRY BRIGADE
MOONLIGHTER'S CELL
POINT YOUR GUN 


Thirteenth Communique

The Angry Brigade bombing of Chris Bryant's home in Birmingham has brought
attention to the activities of the Bryant building combine. 

For two weeks workers on a Bryant site have been on strike demanding a flat rate
of one pound an hour and the end of `the lump' -- a pool of self-employed
non-union men available for hire. 

The blast badly damaged the front of Bryant's six bedroomed house but as with
other AB bombings, didn't hurt anyone . 

Capitalism is a vicious circle. 

People's sweat and blood is used and exploited. They make us produce shit...
they give us next to nothing while their class pockets huge profits... the
ruling class... the Bryan of this world. 

Then, when we put the overalls aside, we clean up the muck from our faces and we
take the boring bus or train home and they suddenly transform us into consumers.
In other words when we are not working they make us buy... the same shit we
produced. The miserable wage packet they gave us they make us spend on useless
food, on machines specially designed to break down and on houses we know look
and feel like prisons. 

Prisons we helped build. And paid (more specifically promised to pay over the
next twenty years for we never have enough dough to pay for a house or a car or
anything for that matter -- they have to exploit us even more by making us pay
interest) for them. We build the prisons and then we live in them. We produce
shit and then we eat it. 

Producers of shit -- consumers of shit. 

There are many of our brothers and sisters inside. An old revolutionary once
called prisons `an occupational hazard'. A hazard which may hit any person who
chooses to take a action. But to lose a finger, a limb, your lungs -- any
accident at work -- this too is an occupational hazard. Look at the safety
precautions on Bryant's sites -- none at all. Not only a limb but your life. So
what's the bloody difference? 

Chris Bryant made £1,714,857 profit last year -- a 25 per cent rise on 1969. He
does it by a cocktail of high society, high finance and a lot of corruption. He
has clinched his deals for the redevelopment of Birmingham on the golf courses
of Solihull with Corporation Councillors. The Councillors oblige by charging
high rents on the Council estates -- like Chelmsley Wood -- to pay high prices
to Bryant for his contracts. Now he's buying up land around Solihull to sell to
the same Council who will give him the contracts to develop it, with our money.
No one should be conned that the Birmingham Mail is anything other than the
Bryant broadsheet either. A man who lives in a mock Tudor village ('Windways',
Jacobean Road, Knowle) doesn't have to worry about the next HP installment,
doesn't have to nick a can of paint from work to make his house look decent,
doesn't have to worry about draughts. (But today... did we say Windways?) We'll
hit million for million... We'll follow him from Tudor village to Tudor village.

25 years we've waited in Birmingham for a building strike. Bryant hit us and
bullied us with the lump. By hitting Bryant we're hitting the lump too. The
Woodgate Valley stands for class solidarity and Revolution. The Workers have
taken their stand. Sabotage in the place of work is a reality. The bosses are
beginning to feel the undiluted power of the people. The people are hitting
back. 

The Brigade is hitting back. 

Now we are too many to know each other. 

Yet we recognise all those charged with crimes against property as our brothers
and sisters. The Stoke-Newington 6, the political prisoners in Northern Ireland
are all prisoners of the class war. 

We are not in a position to say whether any one person is or isn't a member of
the Brigade. All we say is: the Brigade is everywhere. 

Without any Central Committee and no hierarchy to classify our members, we can
only know strange faces as friends through their actions. 

We love them, we embrace them as we know others will. Other cells, sections,
groups. 

Let ten men and women meet who are resolved on the lightening of violence rather
than the long agony of survival; from this moment despair ends and tactics
begin. 

Power to the people. 

THE BRIGADE IS ANGRY 

