POLLOK FREE STATE lives wild and free!

by faol-chu

Despite recent national press reports Pollok Free State lives on. 
The struggle to stop the environmental disaster that is the M77 
has moved on to a new offensive phase for which both Wimpey and 
Strathclyde Regional council are ill prepared. The tree felling 
operation has taken over 8 weeks putting the road behind schedule 
and eating into Wimpey's' profits.

The last major action on the Barrhead Road site was on Wednesday 
22, March. It took Wimpey and Strathclyde police 12 hours to cut 
down 36 trees but not before they had to arrest 16 people (2 
women 13 men and 1 juvenile taken by the social services). They 
didn't get all the trees they require for the route with Jack, a 
gentlemen in his 50's, remaining in a Scots pine for the whole 
day. Strathclyde had deployed the 'infamous' V squad who really 
weren't much good and had to resort to 'snatch squads' as the day 
drew to a close.

The children from the local communities were locked in their 
schools all day preventing them from coming to the free state and 
taking action to save their future. This shows how scared the 
state is of people taking an interest in their future and 
standing up for their rights. But with the school holidays fast 
approaching the children of Pollok will have ample opportunity to 
take control of their own destiny again.

Wimpey now has a compound beside the free state, extending onto 
the road bed and sadly Carhenge. This has provided Pollok with 
its first zoo. The main exhibit being 'The Spineless Yellow Back' 
(Securitus gardus ) who like nothing better than a Golden Shower 
and a mouldy cabbage tossed from on high in the beeches.

Visitors and new residents are always very welcome as are 
donations of: Money, clothing, tools camping equipment, water 
proofs, ropes, chains, locks, new faces and energy. But please 
don't feed the animals.

Wimpey makes most of its money from building houses so Earth 
First! are now targeting Wimpey show homes across the globe. If 
you find yourself with nothing to do one afternoon please 
photocopy our handy cut out and keep leaflet, get a few friends 
and visit your nearest Wimpey show home, see below for locations.

Recently Earth First! were the first visitors to Wimpey's' new 
show home complex in Old Kilpatrick. The complex had to close 
down as soon as it opened and Wimpey failed to sell a single home 
that weekend, failing to meet their target of 3 sales and wasting 
a 4 figure sum on radio advertising!

Wimpey actively encourages the public to visit their show homes 
so you have every right to be there. After a while they may call 
the police, if you don't wish arrest it's best to leave the home 
if you are occupying it but you can continue to leaflet the 
public outside and express your views on Wimpey's environmental 
record. Happy home hunting!

Starting in May the campaign is planning Operation Roadblock, 
where each day a group of 50 protesters will stage an action to 
stop construction of the M77. This will send the security costs 
through the roof and could very well be the beginning of the end 
for Wimpey's planet killing aspirations. So we are currently 
looking for volunteers and ideas for Operation Roadblock. Prizes 
will be given for the most original and entertaining action 
ideas. If you wish to get involved in Operation Roadblock or wish 
to tell us of your home hunting antics please contact us. 

Live wild or die!

Wimpey Show Homes

Wimpey advertises in the property pages of local and national 
press giving the locations and phone numbers of developments in 
your area, isn't that nice of them! You could also try their 
helpful Hotlines.

West 0141 772 6406East 0131 317 2345

No M77 Contacts

Glasgow Earth First!
PO Box 180
Glasgow
G4 9AB

Pollok Free State
Barrhead Road
Pollok
Glasgow
G53 5AE

Contacts 0141 636 1924 or 0141 946 2700

Pollok Free State mobile 0860 728 244

