REPORT FROM THE CONFLICT ZONE IN CHIAPAS, MEXICO

January 20, 1993

I just returned from San Cristobal de las Casas in the State of Chiapas,
Mexico. I was invited by the Coordinadora del Pueblo Maya en Lucha por su
Liberacion-COLPUMALI.  This is an grassroots Indian organization
representing Tojolabal as well as Zeltal and Zotsil peoples.

We visited conflict areas and new refugee camps in a caravan organized by
the NGO Coordinating Comittee of San Cristobal de las Casas--a coalition of
Human Rights and Humanitarian organizations.  So far, over 3,000 Maya are
refugees in the 13 towns serving as refugee camps.  Major centers are Las
Margaritas, Comitan, La Floresta and Velustiano Carranza.  The refugees
were terrorized into fleeing by cross-fire between the Mexican armed forces
and Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN) guerillas.

We also visited several Fincas--giant ranches ranging from 500-4,000
hectares owned by wealthy whites and mestizos.  Indigenous people are
employed there--living in near-slavery conditions. They typically earn two
to three dollars a day.

People we interviewed in the refugee camps are very scared and hungry. Some
are sick. The camps lack food and warm clothing. The Maya refugees are
accustomed to warm weather but the camps where they are staying are very
cold.  Most families have between five and eight children.

The refugees expressed concern about the future.  Many people joined the
Zapatistas, and the communities have become divided between those who
support the Zapatistas and those who don't. Refugees often denounced that
the Mexican army has been kidnapping, torturing and intimidating indians.
The army has established a telephone line where people can call to identify
Zapatistas from their communties.  Such tactics are being used to carry out
a "witch hunt" in the communities. Everyone in the camps is frightened.

 Roger Maldonado, spokesman for the Coordinating comittee of NGOS's in San
Cristobal reports that over 200 people are being held in the jail inTuxtla
Guiterrez--the state capital. The authorities are not allowing anyone to
visit them and are moving prisoners constantly from one jail to another.
He says that many communites have been bombarded and neither media nor
human rights groups are allowed to visit the areas.

The Zapatistas have taken cover in the Lacondan rainforest. Although
temporarily halted, the Mexican airforce was heavily bombing several areas.
Each bomb destroys about 150 square feet of forest where it falls. For this
bombing, the Mexican airforce is using helicopters and other weapons
provided by the US army for the purpose of combatting drug traffickers.
The airforce has been using these helicopters to kidnapp Indigenous people.
The  military then threatens villagers that they will throw people from the
helicopters.

Mr Maldonado stated that over 300 death certificates have been issued in
Ocosingo, at the conflict's center. This contradicts the government's
official estimate of 100 deaths from the conflict.

On January 13th, the EZLN issued two comuniques accepting the government's
cease fire offer. Negotiations between the EZLN and the government may
start in the next few days.

Indigenous people and campesinos are actively responding to the conflict
and are organizing themselves.  From  January 11-14th over 500 Indigenous
people and other campesinos representing 138 grassroots organizations from
the state of Chiapas met to make a peace proposal demanding respect for
human rights, a solution to land ownership conflicts, and an end to violent
intimidation by wealthy landowners, politicians and police.

On January 21-22nd, these representatives will meet again to form the
coordinating body of indigenous people for the state of Chiapas. They have
invited the Continental Indigenous Commission (CONIC) to participate as a
witness and provide support for the process. Representatives from
indigenous organizations in North, Central and South America will be
travelling to San Cristobal to support the struggle of indigenous people in
the state of Chiapas.

What you can do:

Write or call Mexican president Carlos Salinas de Gortari to express your
concern over the situation in Chiapas.  Demand that the military allow
prisoners to be visited and that the conflict areas be opened to visits by
human rights workers, also that the army stop tactics aimed at terrorizing
and dividing Indigenous communities. Ask that the Mexican government grant
the Chiapan Indigenous organization's just demands.

Carlos Salinas de Gortari, President Presidencia de la Republica Palacio
Nacional Colonia Centro
 06067 Mexico, DF Mexico Telephone:  525-515-0528 (542-8070) Fax:
525-271-1764

To send humanitarian aid, contact:  Coordinacion de los Orgnismos
No-gubermentales de San Cristobal de las Casas por la Paz.  San Cristobal
de las Casas, Chiapas, Mexico.
 Tel/fax: 967-80697

To support the struggle of indigenous people in Chiapas, please contact:
Coordinadora Indigena de Estado de Chaipas c/o COLPUMALI phone:
52-967-85460 (81515) fax: 52-967-80055

Nilo Cayuqueo Director, South and Meso American Indian Information Center
(SAIIC)


