

The Struggle Continues...

The situation today is very different to that of the late sixties and early
seventies. New comrades are taking up the struggle, which has spread to that of
attacks on NATO installations and nuclear power stations as well as other
manifestations of the increasing militarism in Europe and the US and Canada. There
are no structures today that correspond to the old RAF, Action Directe, the Red
Brigades as they once were, or other forms of fairly structured armed groups. The
signatures and emblems are still used, but the comrades using them have hardly any
direct relationship with others doing the same. What is apparent is that there is a
will to act against the new and old forms of repression, and in doing so, to also
criticise the old forms of organisation. It is in this light that we see the
following communiques that have appeared in this country over the past three years.
Another opening towards armed struggle appears on the horizon. It finds its roots
in the mass illegality of the present, and seeks to go further in terms of creating
a new specific revolutionary armed attack. It is time to take a position and to
act. 


Getting Angrier!

(Communique sent to the Conservative Party, 1983)

WE PLANTED the small bombs in your northern headquarters at at Manchester and
Leeds as a reminder to you of the active resistance which exists in this
country. 

We have had enough of you ruining our lives. You commit the worst forms of
violence in our society and you don't care. We are thrown out of work, abused by
the DHSS and the police, deported and exploited -- and still it's not enough for
you. Every day we are subjected to greater repression; police powers are
increased, more racist laws introduced, 20 years of gains by women are eroded in
three, the organised labour movement is under attack, and now we see a policy of
summary execution. 

You think you can crush us, but you're wrong. We will not remain silent in the
face of this onslaught -- we are fighting back. So far our actions have been
aimed at property and not people, but our patience is wearing thin. 

WE ARE GETTING CLOSER. 

ANGRY BRIGADES
RESISTANCE MOVEMENT
IRSM 


(Feb 1983)

  "Overcrowding in the prisons, general repression and the murder of Barry
  Prosser earlier this year by screws in Winson Green Prison are some of the
  reasons given by a group calling itself the `Angry Brigade Resistance
  Movement', for the bomb attack on property belonging to the Prison Officers
  Training College in Wakefield.
  ...... One London-based ATS officer is reported to have said that it was
  unlikely that the Angry Brigade had reformed.
  ..... it is not possible for the Angry Brigade to `re-form'. It wasn't an
  organisation, nor was it a single grouping -- but an expression of the anger
  and contempt many people up and down the country had for the State and its
  institutions. In this sense the Angry Brigade is with us all the time (the
  man or the woman sitting next to you?) -- it neither appears or disappears
  (or re-forms) but is the natural manifestation of revolt when that revolt is
  directed at the heart of all that causes suffering: the State." 

Black Flag Vol V11 No 2 Feb 1983 

Angry Words

(1984)

We decided to plant the explosives on the electricity pylon north of Maltby in
order to damage the pylon, disrupt the Supergrid link from the Midlands to the
North East, and to show that the system is vulnerable. 

We see the State employing here the techniques of repression developed and
practised against the people of Ireland. But we too have learnt lessons from the
Irish struggle. 

As we move towards open CLASS WAR, you will not find us unprepared! 

VICTORY TO THE HIT SQUADS. Teeside, Humberside, join the ANGRY SIDE. 

ANGRY BRIGADES
RESISTANCE MOVEMENT
IRSM 

