
"But while anarchism is a broad river, it is possible to discern a number of
distinctive currents.  What principally divides the family of anarchists
is their different views of human nature, strategy and organisation.  The
mainstream is occupied by the social anarchists, but the individualists
form an important part of the flow.  Amongst the social anarchists, there
are mutualists, collectivists, communists, and syndicalists, who differ
mainly on the issue of economic organization.  Some may be grouped
according to their strategies, like pacifist anarchists.
	The social anarchists and individualists often work together but
bear differing emphases.  The individualists see the danger of obligatory
cooperation and are worried that a collectivist society will lead to the
tyranny of the group.  On the other hand, the social anarchists are
concerned that a society of individualists might become atomistic and that
the spirit of competition could destroy mutual aid and general solidarity.
Such differences do not prevent both wings coming together in the notion
of communal individuality, which attempts to achieve a maxim um degree of
personal freedom without destroying the community."

Peter Marshall, 'Demanding the Impossible', page 6

"In the absence of a professional police force, communites are quite 
capable of maintaining public security for themselves and have done so 
for centuries."  

Peter Marshall, 'Demanding the Impossible', p645
 


Anarcho-capitalists are against the State simply because they are
capitalists first and foremost.  Their critique of the State ultimately
rests on a liberal interpretation of liberty as the inviolable rights to
and of private property.  They are not concerned with the social
consequences of capitalism for the weak, powerless and ignorant.  Their
claim that all would benefit from a free exchange in the market is by no
means certain; any unfettered market system would most likely sponsor a
reversion to an unequal society with defence associations perpetuating
exploitation and privilege.  If anything, anarcho-capitalism is merely a
free-for-all in which only the rich and cunning would benefit.  It is
tailor-made for 'rugged individualists' who do not care about the damage
to others or to the environment which they leave in their wake.  The
forces of the market cannot provide genuine conditions for freedom any
more than the powers of the State.  The victims of both are equally
enslaved, alienated and oppressed."
Peter Marshall in "Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism"
