- ------------------------------------------
the following paper came up ca. January 1995
- ------------------------------------------


WHAT THE HELL ARE CHAOS DAYS?

- - a question you possibly ask. But WHERE THE HELL did YOU have your eyes 
and ears, when the CHAOS DAYS of '94 made headlines everywhere!? When 
stupid punk rockers met in Hannover, terrorized old people and innocent 
babies and left a whole town in ashes!
Perhaps some of you start to remember now, and, too, start to LIKE it! 
We also had much fun on this because most of the events described by the 
media NEVER happened - only in the heads of some so-called ~journalists~ 
and police officers.
We assume that some of you REALLY want to know what's going on at CHAOS 
DAYS, and so we will tell you...
CHAOS DAYS are no invention of the 90's but have a long tradition! Yes, 
folks, we won't sell you Punk as the next hot wave, because it's a real 
IDEA, and, from the early beginning, because of this German punks always 
liked to meet in the public. We had some big meetings from '80-82' in 
DUISBURG and WUPPERTAL where every month hundreds of punks made a big 
party in the shopping area of the city. Of course, police and business 
people did not like these "punk conventions", and again and again they 
tried to prevent the meetings, often with the well-known police 
brutality.
However, in 1982 punks did their first CHAOS DAY in Hannover, where more 
than 1000 came to protest against a card index especially for punks, 
which was a nice idea of the police to get control over the scene but 
only initialized the history of CHAOS DAYS...
Also many skins joined the meeting, and so the CHAOS DAYS of 1983 were 
intended as a big UNIFICATION of Punks & Skins. This time more than 1500 
punks and skins came and made headlines, but a big group of Nazi skins 
managed to divide the groups.
The next year, nobody wanted to know anything of a big "unification", 
but, of course, the CHAOS DAYS took place again in Hannover, and that 
time it was a real EUROPEAN meeting instead of a German one. More than 
2000 punks & friends made the biggest CHAOS DAYS until then - you could 
meet punks from almost every west European country.
However, it ended with big resignation because in the evening and the 
whole following night there was a big battle between police and punks at 
a youth center where most of the punks went to see a punk concert. It 
was a stupid fight between a brutal police and a crowd of drunken and 
brainless punks who also started to destroy the youth center. During the 
whole night, more than 1000 punks could not leave the place, were 
encircled by the police, imprisoned this way - some say in a modern 
German concentration camp...
That was the end of the CHAOS DAYS and also the begin of the decay of 
German punk. Many punks left the scene, and a part of them put their 
ideas into the involving hardcore scene.
But all over the years until today the idea of CHAOS DAYS never died 
finally. Every year there were small CHAOS DAYS, mostly in small 
villages and towns, with 50-100 punks. Not dead but also not alive, and 
nobody ever imagined to see a  big meeting as the ones of the eighties 
again, now called "legendary"... 
Nobody knows how it came together, but in the beginning of 1994 sheets 
and flyers came up, and this time it was not any Chaos Days, it was T H 
E   CHAOS DAYS OF HANNOVER again. It had a little smell of a big revival 
of "Woodstock for punk rockers", but it never happened this way
The CHAOS DAYS have never been anything where anybody could make money 
or something. It is no meeting of record collectors or all-time 
protesters, not organized in any way, but a meeting where you can find 
MANY street punks - the guys who keep punk alive not in the record 
stores but on the streeets, in the public!
So the jokes some people made about the new CHAOS DAYS could not prevent 
that more than 1000 punks met in Hannover last year, and also the media 
COULD NOT BELIEVE IT but saw it with their own eyes, cried: WE SAY THAT 
PUNK IS DEAD FOR ALL THE TIME! YOU MUST NOT EXIST! WHERE THE HELL DO YOU 
COME FROM? WHY DO YOU START TO DISTURB OUR LIFE AGAIN?????
Yes, the CHAOS DAYS are BACK WITH A BANG, and the hysterical media are 
the guarantee that they will happen AGAIN EVERY YEAR! And because they 
made it known to EVERYONE, this year we expect more than 5000 punks and 
friends from all Europe.
Now the CHAOS DAY virus has reached America where will be the CHAOS DAYS 
OF SAN FRANCISCO! Hey, where are the CHAOS DAYS ASIA/TOKYO, CHAOS DAYS
AUSTRALIA/MELBOURNE and CHAOS DAYS AFRICA/NAIROBI? Not to forget CHAOS 
DAYS ANTARCTICI Who knows?
However, we hope to have the biggest punk meeting ever, hope to meet YOU 
there! Come with  your band, fanzine and all your ideas to make a CHAOS 
the way WE understand it. They can't prohibit PUNK - and also not our 
CHAOS!

COME TO HANNOVER! COME TO SAN FRANCISCO! CHAOS DAYS AUG. 4th-6th, 1995



- --------------------------------------
CHAOS DAYS NEWS (Date: 06/30/95)
- --------------------------------------
Some CHAOS DAYS News: Some people saw the bands NO FX and TERRORGRUPPE 
wearing CD-shirts on some of their gigs. Seems that they made the shirts 
on their own...///// BAD RELIGION told the press guys about CD in some 
interviews and did a CD shirt for their ongoing tour /////  some weeks 
ago a newspaper from Hannover printed a story about CD, and there you 
could see very well what these blood-wanting arseholes have in their 
mind: they say punks want to have the  "biggest streetbattle of the last 
10 year", and that their parole is "Kill all cops!". Of course, they 
DON'T say that these words are from a FUN paper that is meant as a 
parody of last year's headlines and is marked with the words 
"falsifikate!" ///// July issue of MAXIMUM ROCKROLL will have a 5 page 
story about CD  ///// In its July issue, the Germany Music Magazine 
VISIONS did a big editorial about CHAOS DAYS ///// 3000 Punks came to 
see the last game of the German Soccer Club ST. PAULI. Also there the 
new ST. PAULI Fan-Magazine was sold, including several CHAOS DAYS flyers 
///// Now also CHAOS DAYS Flyers from the German Rap scene are 
circulating ///// US punk band TOTAL CHAOS announced its "personal 
appearance on Chaos Days" (ahem). Seems that they will also play 
somewhere near or in Hannover ///// Also italian punk band DEROZER is 
trying to prepare a gig at CHAOS DAYS ///// A documentation is out with 
a collection of 90 (NINETY!!!!) different flyers for CHAOS DAYS. Flyers 
from Italy, Lithuania, Russia, Denmark, Netherlands, Belgium, Poland, 
France and, of course, Germany. If you want to have a copy of the 
documetation, or if you want to contribute your own flyer, contact Karl 
Nagel 100605.2242@compuserve.com ///// The same weekend with CHAOS DAYS 
in Hannover and San Francisco, english punkswill start their PUNK PICNIC 
in Edinbourough (Aug. 4-13). Seems that the first weekend in Augsut will 
becomee a real worldwide punk weekend! ///// Also the German 
Skinhead/OI!-scene is spreading flyers and calls for CHAOS DAYS ///// 
Everyone here in Germany expects the German mass media to start with 
lies and ugly stories about punks and Chaos Days with the end of July. 
Perhaps some of it will switch over the borders to your newspapers. 
Don't believe a word about "German Nazi punks" and punks who come to 
Hannover to rape old housewifes...!



- ------------------------------------------
the following paper came up ca. September 1994
- ------------------------------------------

THE CHAOS DAY CHAIN LETTER! AUG. 4th-6th 1995 CHAOS DAYS IN 
HANNOVER/GERMANY!

After 10 years of deep sleep the  biggest Punk-meeting lives again! With 
a Big Bang,  Punk found its way back into the media. More than 1000 
punks and friends made clear that the next year's CHAOS DAYS will be THE 
cult event!  Supported by the hardworking media: They had totally gone 
mad and spread their stupid lies. However, everyone had fun reading news 
like "Nazi-Punks came to destroy Hannover", because it has NOTHING to do 
with reality!  Perhaps it's THEIR reality, but WE are preparing the next 
CHAOS DAYS. And it will be Anti-Nazi as alwaysl
Now that one half of the world knows the CHAOS DAYS 95 will break every 
record, we care to make the other half know. From Alaska to Uganda 
everyone must know:
From August 4th-6th 1995 in Hannover/Germany there will be the biggest 
punk-party ever! 5 000-10 000 punks, Skins & friends from the 
Netherlands, England, Poland, Italia, France, Scandinavia, Germany etc. 
(sorry, but it's impossible to name every country of the world...) will 
transform the shopping area of Hannover into a punk paradise.
So let's start TODAY to tell it to your own scene: Translate this letter 
into your own language, make your own flyers and let your own ideas grow 
to make the CHAOS DAYS an event nobody will ever forget!

IF THE GERMAN POLICE DOESN T LIKE OUR IDEA:   .
At the CHAOS DAYS 94 the police was shocked so hard by the amount of 
punks, so they tried to get everyone who looked like a punk into their 
dirty fingers and forced them to leave Hannover. But the most of us 
found ways to get into the city...

THAT'S WHY THE POLICE WILL TRY TO TRICK US OUT IN EVERY POSSIBLE WAY...
Some examples:
VERSION 1: A prohibition of the meeting! Just don't care, because we 
don't meet to demonstrate for this or that it just a CHAOS DAY! The day, 
punks like to visit Hannover as a normal tourist. And of course, they 
can't prevent to see other punks in the city, just because they're 
there...
VERSION 2: They try to fool us!
Someone could make big posters and preparations for a big concert with 
the best punk bands in the world, admission free... And, of course, it 
takes place outskirts of the
town! They would hope the people would go to this place instead of the 
city. Don't let them fool you! And every band that cooperates with them: 
Fuck you!! At the CHAOS DAYS concerts have to happen in the city or at a 
green space near the inner city!                             VERSION 3: 
Prevention! The cops could check the trains to Hannover and could force 
you to leave the trains. Who cares? You can use the tickets FOUR DAYS, 
so you can interrupt your travel as often as you like. So just take the 
next train and you're again on your way to Hannover! It's absolutely 
legal ! Besides, don't tell the cops you're on the way to the CHAOS 
DAYS! You're just a normal tourist, nothing else! But you should know 
that it is better NOT to leave the train at the Main Railway Station of 
Hannover. It's better to do this at some suburbs and take one of the 
many busses or trams. And if the police tries to force you to leave 
Hannover, resist! After that, it could happen that they arrest you, but 
you have done no crime! They just bring you to the other punks they have 
arrested, and | that's a nice travel to the biggest mass arresting after 
World War II! A mass arresting we will transform into a big jail party! 
That s our idea: If the police starts with arresting people just for 
being punk we'll encourage them to take everyone of us! Just consider: 
this will have NO CONSEQUENCES  because the German law just allows them 
to take you to "prevent crimes". But because you have done nothing, they 
also can't judge you!!! So we will do our party in a football stadium or 
in a camp they have to build. So don't fear, but help us to FOOL THEM! 
And consider again: To plan it this way makes the police consider NOT to 
do these mass arrestings. They know the bad memories they would wake 
upagain this way...
VERSION 4: Suckers! Some hippies or political activists could come and 
tell their sympathies for the poor punks, who are badly persecuted by 
the gouvernment etc. blabla... Suddenly there are 20.000 other monkeys 
and start to "organize" it, founding comitees and little parliaments, 
doing press conferences and the Big Speech, fighting for the "rights of 
the Punks~. Now THEY are the CHAOS DAYS, and every punk who doesn't like 
to do what they have in mind, would be closed out. The Result: The CHAOS 
DAYS in the strong hands of some polit-professionals, somewhere on a big 
green
place, the total shit! Hey, suckers, we tell you: If you just TRY to get 
our meeting into your slimy fingers, we will kick your asses! Get off! 
Your politics make us sick!

HOW COULD THE CHOAS DAYS TAKE PLACE?
As you know, it is impossible to lock a whole town - so you should try 
to get into the city in a tricky and inconspicious way - and in time! 
Try to be invisible before the meeting itself starts! The cops should 
not be able to prevent our meeting, so the first meeting takes place 
Friday, 4.8. 4.00 p.m. PUNCTUALLY. It should be our goal to let the 
meeting happens exclusively in the shopping area  of the city itself, 
not in other areas of the city! REMEMBER: AT THE CHAOS DAYS 95 WE WILL 
OCCUPY THE INNER CITY OF HANNOVER!  There's our meeting, nowhere else! 
!! Here we are protected well against brutal police attacks because 
there are thousands other citizens, and of course journalists and TV 
teams to report of the craziest punk-party ever!
If the police starts to arrest people for no real reason, remember: WE 
WILL NOT LEAVE THE CITY, AND WILL WlLL NOT  MEET IN OTHER PARTS OF THE 
CITY!
Remember also: Everyone who fears to be arrested because of this 
behaviour shouldn't care: You can be sure that this will NOT bring you 
to the court because you're  arrested only because of your outlook! 

SOME OTHER IDEAS TO MAKE  THE CHAOS DAYS BIGGER: 
FANZINE WRITERS: Tell your readers about the CHAOS DAYS! Use your 
contacts to bands and other people to spread the idea! What do you think 
of the idea to do a big international meeting of fanzine publishers?
BANDS: Write on your posters, records and tapes, that there will be THE 
BIGGEST PUNK
MEETING OF ALL THE TIMES! Tell it to your audiencel Consider 
possibilities to make your own gig at the CHAOS DAYS. The German band 
WIZO did it in 94 from a big van!
EVERYONE: Spread this chain letter around the whole world. Create your 
own flyers and posters, prepare your own activities!  Tell everyone 
about it - at gigs, on the streets etc.!

1000 ACTIVITIES AND 1000 DIFFERENT FLYERS F\R THE CHAOS DAYS 951
THE MOST GIGANTIC PUNK PARTY EVER - IN THE HEART OF HANNOVER! OR IN A 
STADIUM.
TRANSSCRIBE, TRANSLATE & COPY! SPREAD IT AROUND THE WHOLE WORLD!
TRANSCRIBE, TRANSLATE & COPY! SPREAD IT AROUND THE WHOLE WORLD!


- ------------------------------------------
the following paper came up ca. February 1995
- ------------------------------------------


"THE 2nd CHAOS DAY CHAIN LETTER"

"Transcibe, translate and copy! Spread it around the world!"

It's halftime! Six months have passed since the Chaos Days 94, and an 
enourmous number of fanzines with reports of the CHAOS DAYS have been 
published. Now we shouldn't talk about the PAST any longer - there's 
something to do for the FUTURE! After all, it has spread like a 
wildfire, that MANY punks want to make it a REAL BANG in 95!
Everything what we know today seems to make clear that we can expect 
5.000 - 10.000 punks & friends from all of Europe, and some sensation 
sucking media freaks already sweat the whole time. We expect HUNDREDS of 
these lunatics running thru the city to get their story. They will start 
to sweat a lot more when they will know that the 
CHAOS DAYS in HANNOVER/GERMANY 
will take place the same time with the 
CHAOS DAYS in SAN FRANCISCO!
 8/4 - 8/6 95

THIS IS NO JOKE! The American punks too, have been infected by the CHAOS 
DAY fever. They already spread flyers and appeals for the CD Kalifornia, 
to invite punks from all of America (North & Sounth) to San Francisco."
That means that on the first weekend in August 95 the BIGGEST PUNK 
EXPLOSION OF HISTORY will happen! On two continents at the same time, 
punks will meet in a number nobody EVER seen before! If you start to 
save money now you can live BOTH meetings. Just fly from Hannover 
Airport at Saturday evening to San Francisco and because of the time 
change you will arrive there without a time loss...
For US it should mean that now we must take finally to make ALL European 
punks get knowledge of the CHAOS DAYS and also COME TO HANNOVER!
And even it is still 6 months till then, we don't have all the time in 
the world. It takes some time for the flyers to reach the last village 
and because we know of some guys who wanted to make their own sheets and 
translations, but never did (you lazies...), you should consider the 
following: We only can make the CD 95 a PUNK EXPLOSION, if YOU don't 
wait that "someone" "something" "sometime" does. "Somebody" does 
NOTHING, and it will not work without YOU, and also not in the last 
moment! The CD are no TV program somebody puts into your hands that you 
only have to use your remote control!"
Okay, a nice evening with a Coke and a hamburger is not that hard work - 
we are all lazy dogs, we know. But exactly NOW is the right time for you 
to make YOUR OWN flyer, to write many letters to all your friends in 
every country, to tell it to the people at a local gig. Don't start to 
do this in three months but TODAY or NEXT WEEK to make the news run on 
it's own, faster and faster!
Make new flyers again and again, in every language you eventually 
master. Spread your OWN ideas for the CD, write about it in your 
fanzine. That's the way we can make clear that punk lives from the BASIC 
and not because any "big" guy" tells the people what to think and where 
to go!
It's the punk of IDEAS and INITIATIVES, the punk of the STREETS - not 
the one MTV tries to sell us only to make us record buyers and 
consumers!"
Some words to the BANDS: Your records are travelling over the whole 
world, and you're doing gigs, some in foreign countries. YOU are the 
ones to reach people who never read a fanzine, who live outside of 
information structures of the punk scene. You are the ONLY ONES to tell 
these people of the CD, to make it known in MUCH MORE places and 
countries!
Did you ever think about doing your own show at the CD, the same way the 
german band WIZO did in 94? Just come with your van, unload your mini-PA 
and instruments at any place and start to play! There should take place 
as many gigs as possible, to make the CD an unforgettable event. And 
again, it won't work without YOU!
And to all the others: Speak to the bands who maybe never get this 
chainletter into their hands, to give them a chance to join the 
wildfire!
Besides, that would be a good chance also for dome "big" bands with 
punk-roots (Bad Religion, Green Day etc.) to show they did not forget 
these roots - amongst all these record promotions, tours and 
interviews...

FUCK THE CHAOS DAYS!
Perhaps some of you are a little sceptical, because, on the one hand you 
don't like to run through the city in a big crowd, and, on the other 
hand don't want to get in trouble with police.  That's no problem: It's 
not the intention of the CD to make a big "demonstration" or to involve 
you in a never ending bloody battle with the police. Just come to 
Hannover to make YOUR punk, however it may look like! Just grab yourself 
a nice Greek punkboy, look in the eyes of a russian girl - and then go 
to one of the many green parks of Hannover and let yourself be told of 
the secrets of punkrock...
Do anything else, but come to Hannover, because noone will force you to 
join anything you don't like. Its just important to see as many punks as 
possible in Hannover - the way you want and the place you choose!

THEY CANN NOT STOPS US!
Perhaps others ask themselves, if it's possible at least to reach 
Hannover, because it could be impossible to cross the borders. NO! THEY 
CAN NOT MANAGE THIS! At last we live in the European Community, with 
OPEN BORDERS! This means if you're in ONE country of the E.C. you can 
cross the borders without control. Even if they TRY to control the 
borders, they don't have the personnel to do this perfectly! If you 
really WANT to come to Germany,  you can manage it! And if you have 
problems at one border station, take another one!!
The same way you should behave at the rest of your way to Hannover. 
Don't start too late, and you don't have to take the biggest roads! 
Hannover itself is, if you see the traffic net, a real open town. You'll 
find uncountable roads to Hannover!
If you come by train, read this: If the police takes ou out of the 
train, don't lose your faith: You can use your tickets 4 DAYS, and you 
can interrupt your travel as often as you like! Just take the next train 
and you will reach Hannover! Your destination should NOT be the main 
railway station of Hannover - take a train to the suburbs and take one 
of the many busses and trams!
Nevertheless, if some cops try to stop your way, just be a very friendly 
and understanding person. Say YES to everything they want, but DO the 
things you WANT to do! That worked perfectly at the CD 94, and will work 
again in 95! For all our foreign guests it also means: Of course you 
don't understand neither German nor English...
If the police don't let you fool them as an exceptiojn, don't let them 
make you travel home, even if the police says "Go home or go to jail!"! 
Our parole is "Go camp", because it's better to make a big jail party 
with thousands of punks instead of watching everything at home on a TV 
screen! You should know that your behaviour will have NO LEGAL 
CONSEQUENCES, because you'll have done NOTHING! They only can take you 
in to "prevent crimes"...
It will be IMPOSSIBLE for the police to make Hannover a locked fortress, 
and they KNOW that. So we think you will have no real problems to reach 
Hannover. The only exception would be a total media terror, followed by 
an exclamation of state of emergency, with tanks and troops and barbed 
wire. You know what to thik about such an idea..."
If we talk about MEDIA TERROR: Again the media will spread uncountable 
lies and fairy tales against the CD. You will know that punks eat little 
kids and always like to smash up every weak grandmother. We can not do 
ANYTHING against it, because the media are in THEIR hands. But we CAN do 
something to make them cry the way WE WANT! As an example, some people 
want to take rubble and ashes to Hannover and spread it over the city, 
because in 94 the police and media told the people we intended to "leave 
Hannover in ashes". After the desruction of Grosny/Chetchnia and the 
earthquake in Japanwe should demonstrate OUR version of that police 
lie... Join this initiative, so we REALLY will leave Hannover in ashes 
this time!
Some words aboutto the CD itself and it's "organization"!
As mentioned earlier, we DON'T intend to make a big mass performance 
(like a Michael Jackson concert...), with people running through the 
city led by a "central command", doing the things the "organizers" want 
them to do. There will be NOTHING organized! WE DON'T WANT TO HAVE A BIG 
CONCERT. but would like to see 1000 small gigs on every possible street 
corner! There will be many people following their own ideas, and you, 
too, should not not come with an expectation to find any "program" or 
"offers". It will happen what must happen, because it's the CD!
The same things we have to tell the "other side", to tell all the guys 
and groups who believe they can use us for THEIR targets. CD are NO big 
demonstration or an appeal to start the "big fight" against this or 
that, but just an INVITATION to Hannover to make everyone who comes 
there do his/her OWN thing! A whole city as get-together to meet people 
that NEVER would cross your ways otherwise. It's a start for 
initiatives, may they be political or absolutely not, accompanied by 
music or screams, beer or mineral water.
You see: To make the CD an unforgettable event you must do something ON 
YOUR OWN! Get out of the your cinema place and turn on your fantasy! And 
that's much more political as EVERYTHING they try to feed us with or 
want to make us pray. Against ALL REGIMENTATION, from which side ever!
The last item: The experiences from all CD up to now made clear that it 
is very stupid to let the big meeting take place in other parts than the 
inner city! We EXCLUSIVELY meet in the city, near the main railway 
station, and NO BIGGER ACTION should take place in parts of Hannover 
where people LIVE! Besides, these are the places where most of the CD 
guests will sleep! It is YOUR responsibility to care for the keeping of 
this settlement, that EVERYONE does!
So it's YOUR turn to make the CD great! If you're still sleeping, we 
never want to hear you talking about "good old times" and "nothing 
happens".

"There IS something happening - THE BIGGEST BANG OF PUNK ROCK! PAROLE: 
GO CAMP! THE MOST GIGANTIC PARTY EVER!"

"CHAOS DAYS  EVERY YEAR: 8/2-8/4 96  8/1-8/3 97  7/31-8/2 98  8/6-8/8 99  
8/4-8/6 2000!!!"

