The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

BASQUE COUNTRY

   Yet another person has been  charged  and  imprisoned  in  the
French  part of the Basque country - the 70th. Karim Chakroun was
arrested, brought to court and sent down on 7th March  this  year
having  fallen  foul  of the laws relating to irregular residence
and criminal association relating to terrorist activities.
   This latest arrest reveals the willingness  of  the  state  to
keep  up  the  pressure  on those  who have shown solidarity with
political prisoners not recognised as such by  the  state.  Today
the  Mitterand/Pasqua  system have the Basques in their sights in
the same way as they had the Kurds not so long ago.
   Criminalise and terrorise are the objectives of the judge  who
decorated  by  the Spanish government for his contribution to the
anti-terrorist struggle.  Now  we're  not  idiots.  There  is  no
documentary  evidence.  The  arrestees  are not the 'bloodthirsty
terrorists' portrayed by those in power. To the great  regret  of
the  legal  system those in the dock are simply Basque militants,
who, since their rights to assylum were taken away, sought to  go
underground  rather  than  risk prison and torture in post-Franco
Spain and the irony is that  the  locals  freely  gave  of  their
support.  There  will  be  more Karims! It was the same in May 93
when 20 locals were accused of drinking coffee with or lending  a
bicycle to these terrible members of ETA.
   Since Karims arrest a support group has been set up which  has
issued a press comuniqu, the essence of which is as follows:

So long as the national Basque liberation movement  is  met  with
torture and oppression as a response to its demands its militants
are forced into exile... This latest arrest reveals that  despite
their  desire  to  criminalise  opposition the French and Spanish
states will not succede in breaking the  solidarity  that  exists
between  the  people  and  active  individuals...  The  number of
arrests demonstrates  the  political  dimension  of  the  affair.
Taking  account  of all these aspects, we reaffirm our solidarity
with Karim and with all those in the same  position...  and  call
for their immediate liberation.

Contact: CSNIDA 17, rue Paul-Bellamy, 44000 Nantes.

Le Monde Libertaire 27/4/94















