
                 HAUDENOSAUNEE

    MOHAWK - ONEIDA - ONONDAGA - CAYUGA - SENECA -  TUSCARORA

    Mohawk Nation Kahnawake Branch
    Kanien'kehaka A'onakerahsera
    via Box 645
    Kahnawake, PQ
    Canada J0L 1B0

    To:  Jean Chretien, Prime Minister of Canada
          Premier Mike Harcourt, British Columbia
          Premier Mike Harris, Ontario

    Be advised this date, September 7, 1995, that:

    -  Any further violence committed against our sovereign
       Turtle Island Brothers and Sisters of the Shuswap
       Nation, at Gustafsen Lake, British Columbia, or Stoney
       Nation at Ipperwash Park, Ontario, will be answered in
       kind.

    -  Those directly and indirectly responsible for the
       murders of our brothers (one a fifteen year old boy) at
       Ipperwash, Ontario, will be identified and held
       accountable for their actions.

    -  Those directly and indirectly responsible for the
       beatings of our women and children at Ipperwash,
       Ontario, will be identified and held accountable for
       their actions.

       We have remained silent for some time now in the hope
    that your governments could finally come to terms
    honorably with our rights to sovereign control of our
    lands and destiny. You have always said that all you
    needed was just a little more time - as if 500 years is
    not enough. And what have you given to our people with
    that little more time? You have given to us more guns,
    more bullets, more violence, more threats, more empty
    fascist rhetoric about your law and order, all at the
    expense of justice for our people.

       Even your self-government packages and policing
    agreements drip with the venomous intentions you have
    towards our people and their sovereignty. They are not
    silent on our rights. They scream out your intention to
    extinguish us. They are Dr. Kevorkian's tools for assisted
    suicide, that will kill us as surely as your guns and
    bullets.

       And so, we remain silent no more. And so, we advise
    you that we will not stand idly by while you continue to
    brutalize our people.

       For the civilized record: First comes truth. Then comes
    justice. Then comes the mutually nourishing strength
    that leads to a living law and order. Only in a brutally
    repressive fascist state does law and order stand alone -
    like police state tanks and bullets.

       The latest victims of your fascist state are:
           Dudley George, shot in the back;
           Nicholas Cottrell, 15, unarmed, executed with a
                           bullet to the head.

    Rotiskenakateh
    Mohawk Nation
    Six Nation Confederacy
    Kahnawake Territory


