* * * * EL ACRATADOR * * * *

Counter-information bulletin #52          April - May 1996


ATENEO LIBERTARIO
Apdo. 3141
50080 Zaragoza
Spanish State/ Spain

Centro Social Libertario
Coso #186, bajos

E-mail cual@maser.unizar.es

Phone +34-(9)76-383673
Fax   +34-(9)76-255298

El Acratador (periodical publication) D.L.:Z-174-93 Issues: 2500
AntiC We recommend its loaning and total or partial reproduction citing the
source. This publication only compiles information and articles gathered
from different sources. The editorial staff does not necessarily identify
with the contents nor are they responsible for the same.


1- Acratorial
2- Zaragoza City
3- Worker's struggle
4- Brutal Insumision
5- From Germany ...
6- Haunted houses ...
7- Fascism? No thanks
8- Civil Society?
9- Briefs
10- With Itoiz, against the dam
11- Announcements



*** ARATORIAL ***

INTOLERANT MANIFESTO

New hordes of enraged young people have come out of the depths of villages
and cities. We're fed up with the prevailing stupidity, with putting up with
those who step over us, those who molest and oppress us, and tired of
turning the other cheek. We call on you to join our struggle.
We are very intolerant of: fascism and ultra right wing neonazi gangs,
corrupt politicians, the jet-set, the new and old rich, worldly aristocracy
and the royal families. We're intransigent with: the JASP, yuppies, JASPs
and yuppies disguised as progressives in the subsidized NGOs, the priest and
nun apprentices that naively beg Big Brother for the 0.7 when the banks are
full of money, the "tolerant ones" who call intolerants all those who that
do not think like them and on top they sick their cops on them to get
pounded on. Those who condemn violence from one side only, those that wear
the blue ribbon and forget the imprisoned insumisos.
We deeply hate Nieves Herrero, Lina Morgan, Ana Obregon, Encarna Sanchez
(even after death), Carrascal, Olga Viza, Ussia, Pedro J., Jimenez Losantos,
Jesulin de Ubrique, Rociito and the cop, Luis M. Anson, Chiquito de la
Calzada, Sanchez Drago, Raffaela Carra, Lobaton, Emilio Romero, Victoria
Prego, Victor Manuel y Ana Belen, Luis del Olmo, Jose Ma Garcia, Bertin
Osborne, El Padre Mundina, Alfredo Landa, Elias Yanes, Sex Pistols
(reunified), Mario Conde, Concha Velasco, Emilio Aragon, Javier Alvarez,
Ruiz Mateos, Jesus Gil and other shitty vaudeville that comprise the
alienating "establishment" of x-panish society.
We do not have the slightest respect for those who wear LIBERTO thinking of
liberty, the rebelliousness of Radical (Fruit), Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Max, for
the two dozen "creators of opinion" that appear at every hour and always in
the same newspapers, radio and TV programs and tell us how millions of
stupified good citizens must think.
We don't tolerate the habitual excesses of the security forces, temporary
work companies, the junk contracts, savage entrepeneurs, neoliberal politics
that condemn us to misery and those who destroy nature without the least
scruples for a handful of dollars. If you equally hate black Spain and
"positive" Spain, Take That, the tunas and those who beat the drums in
religious parades - you are one of us.
Against the dictatorship of mediocrity, against the boring empire of
tediousness, against the culture of condominiums and the game show "Enough
bullfights and football" use your brain, move your grey matter in a way
independent of the dictatorship of the Society of the Spectacle. Self
defense against the cretin state. The right to leisure, work or dole, the
right to drink, to fuck, to think and to dream. Join Intolerant Youth.


*** ZARAGOZA CITY ***


MARCH 8TH

This past March 8th had better attendance than in previous years: some 1500
women and plenty of men seconded the gathering which was not very lively,
but at least served to demonstrate that the feminist movement is not as dead
as it appears in our city. After the demo there was a party until the wee
hours of the night.


CAMPING AGAINST THE BELT

On March 22, 23 and 24 there was a camping against the Third Belt,
celebrated on a field next to Colegio L'Estonnac in Torrero, with more than
100 tents and attended by hundreds of people.
During the camping there was a concert in wich 10 groups played for free and
also a rehearsal of the defense of the pine grove, preparing for the day
when the big machines come to cut down the trees.
At the same time the Coordinadora Vecinal is carrying out a campaign to
godfather 5000 trees that will be cut down to build this road, and which
will happen without the mayor having the courtesy of receiving the neighbors
to ask for their opinion.


POPULAR EATERY

A new alternative space has been inagurated at 3 Ave. America: a vegeterian
popular eatery where at a very low price you can enjoy two dishes and
dessert every sunday morning. We recommend it since it is an alternative
form of self-employment as well as a newly liberated space.


TO HIDE THE POVERTY

It looks like Zaragoza's City Hall doesn't like to display poverty, even
though it exists in good measure in our city. This is why one of the latest
orders from the mayor is to remove musicians and peddlers off our streets,
in charge of which is the municipal police. The traditional flea markets are
also under threat of dissappearance, as usual due to pressure from
Zaragoza's merchants. This measure, like the previous one, only achieves the
sharpening of poverty and marginalization, particularly for minorities such
as the gypsies that don't have any other sources of income, or the hundreds
of people who make a living thus.


NEW COLLECTIVE

The Committee of Solidarity with Euskalherria has been formed in Zaragoza to
present a different image of basque reality than the habitually manipulated
one that we get. For now the publication of propaganda material has started,
as well as periodic meetings showing the other side of what the official
media tell us.


LIBERTARIAN CAMPING

The 16th Libertarian Camping took place in Villalagua, as usual organized by
the Comite Regional de Aragon of the CNT, with the attendance of close to
200 people from different parts of the state who enjoyed several days of
anarcholiving together.


PABLO SERRANO

Libertarian political prisoner Pablo Serrano enjoyed his second three-day
furlough from prison, though it should have been 6 days, from March 22 to
the 25. At the moment we're waiting for a third furlough, although he should
by now be placed in third degree, so that he only has to go to the prison to
sleep.


SOCIAL CENTER ACTIVITIES

Our place, Centro Social Libertario, is going well at last.Right now it's
open everyday from 18 to 21 hours at least and every saturday we open the
bar. The counter-info cafe is already working, with a wall covered with
alternative publications that you may peruse, a small library and video
shows every saturday at 17 hours. We've also started to work the issue of
alternative distribution, with the self-production of tee shirts made by the
comrades from FIJL, books, magazines and music.
During the months of March and April there have been two concerts with Dirty
Youth from Burgos and a crust festival with Proyecto Terror from Zaragoza,
OBNI and Uprising from Barna, besides several parties, a dinner in support
of Radio Topo and a gore film marathon.


*** WORKER'S STRUGGLE ***


BUS KIDNAPPED

Members of the unemployed collective Eraiki kidnapped an urban
transportation bus in Donostia on February 29. The action was in protest
against the extra hours worked in the municipal transportation company.
Between 20 and 30 unemployed people took the bus at the start of the route.
There were no passengers, and the driver was force to head for City Hall.
There the unemployed tried to meet with the councilman in charge of traffic.


HISTORICAL MEMORY: VITORIA 76

March 3rd 1976, in the midst of a strong popular worker's movement of a
self-managed assemblary character, thousends of workers held a gathering in
Vitoria during a general strike inside a church. The police threw smoke
canisters thru the church windows and as the workers ran out they fired with
anti-riot ordnance and real fire. Five workers were assassinated by machine
gun fire. The ultimate responsible was Manuel Fraga, then minister of
interior of franquism and a while later PP (Partido Popular - right wing
party T.N.) mentor (which 20 years to the date has been the political party
with most votes).
The Plataforma Electoral 3 de Marzo called for a demonstration in memory of
the five workers killed with the slogan "March 3rd 1976-1996 the same
reasons to fight for". 3000 people took part in the demonstration, among
them many workers who lived directly those tragic events of our recent
history, often silenced or forgotten.


FASCIST FOREMAN

(Llar) On February 29 the trial of Manuel Rodriguez, foreman at Hunosa and
founder of Fuerza Nueva in Asturies, took place. He was charged with sending
anonimous threats against Primitivo and his family. A report from the
forensic brigade of Madrid Police recognized the handwriting of the threats
as that of the accussed. The judge took into consideration the testimony of
two expert witnesses for the defense and suspended the trial until a report
from the Guardia Civil is made.
More than 100 people gathered at the courthouse in Oviedo in support of
Primitivo. The prosecution asked for 8 months and 100,000 ptas fine. Note
that this is the same judge that had no qualms in sentencing Primitivo to
jail despite the testimony of 12 miners who said they were working with
Primitivo when the attack took place.
Jose Primitivo is a syndicalist miner from Corriente Sindical de Izquierdas
(CSI) that was sentenced to 4 years in proson accussed of assaulting an
engineer, spent several months in jail and at the moment is in conditional
freedom awaiting an appeal to the Constitutional Tribunal.


TRIAL OF YOUNG PEOPLE IN SOLIDARITY

(Llar) Three young people have been sentenced to 6 months accussed of taking
part in the mobilizations of the Naval workers from Gijon. The sentence for
attempted assault to the forces of law and order was rigged. There was a
gathering of workers and friends in support of the defendants. During the
incidents (May 95) the reactionary press in Asturies criminalized the young
men that fought alongside the workers, connecting them with JARRAI and
alleged urban guerrilla training camps.


LIKE UNDER FRANCO

This past April 12 the judge at courthouse #28 in Madrid showed up at the
headquarters of the National Committee of the CNT in Magdalena St (Madrid)
to demand a copy of a communique sent to the press in 1993. As the present
syndicalists asked for an explanation the judge ordered the anti-riots in
the purest franquist style to attack the union local, which they did
arresting the 12 people that were in the premises at the time, among them
the whole National Committe of the union.
The arrestees were released the next day and the CNT has started a campaign
to denounce and protest and they ask to send letters to the President of the
Government, Complejo Moncloa, to the Ministry of Justice at 62 San Bernardo
St. and the ministry of labor at 4 Agustin Bethencourt St, all in Madrid.

*** BRUTAL INSUMISION ***


ILL TREATMENT

Insumiso Javier Aguado suffered a new degree regression in March, being put
back inside the prison by an officer nickmaned "Mejillon", who tried to
force him to strip, as Javi refused the first thing this thug did was hit
him in the stomach, and in the presence of another three officers hit him
against the wall and threatened him repeatedly. After this he was taken to
isolation where  he was forced to do flexions naked and on top he has
received a disciplinary sanction.
This human garbage has already performed other actions against insumisos
whom he seems to particularly hate, and he is well known for his enjoyment
of inflicting ill treatment and for habitually carrying a gun, a clear
signal of how peaceful his conscience is. We ask you to write letters in
support of Javi and to be ready for a response campaign.
On the positive side Luis Merin was finally released in conditional freedom
from the first gallery where he was in second degree.


INSUMISO ENCOUNTERS

The V Days of Total Insumision took place in Barcelona, organized by CAMPI
with the participation of antimilitary collectives from all over the state.
>From April 5th to the 7th there were wide ranging debates about how much
insumision has at stake during the next few months with the change in the
Penal Code, the consolidation of Prestacion Social Sustitutoria and the new
models of defense and the army imposed by the international situation.
New strategies were also outlined and there was talk about the message to be
sent and the different situations that the new Penal Code will generate. To
read the depositions presented by CAMPI-Aragon come by our place (Coso 186)
and those collectives interested in more information may write to CAMPI,
Aptdo 6129, 50080 Zaragoza.


INSUMISO ASSEMBLY

We are beginning to reactivate insumiso assemblies throughout Aragon, as a
way of empowering the Insumision Movement and at the same time to avoid
insumisos from not belonging to any collective and remain isolated and to
get to know each other a little better and help ourselves when faced with
the possible problems and doubts that may arise. To establish contact you
may come by any Antimilitary Collective or the information service about
conscientious objector of the Consejo de la Juventud de Zaragoza, Po.
Pamplona 17.


INSUMISOS ARRESTED

Insumiso under search and capture Kike Mur was arested in Zaragoza while he
was in a boarding house, since they give their lists of clients to the
police. Kike remained over a month in preventive imprisonment until his
trial, which took place on April 15, as a personal revenge by the (female)
judge who has had several insumisos not report to their trial.
On the other hand, two insumisos from Bilbo under search and capture chained
themselves on monday march 12 to the door of Bilbo's courthouse to provoke
their arrest and consequent jailing. Two other people chained themselves
together with the insumisos and thus impeded a lot of people's access to the
building. Right away four ertzainas (basque police) appeared and cut the
chains and after identifying the antimilitarists arrested the two insumisos.
One of them, Ricardo Barriuso, after being taken to the police station he
was transfered to Basauri prison. The other insumiso, Alvaro H. Perez,
"Tuti" was set free by order of the judge.


INSUMISO'S FAST

Insumisos imprisoned in 2nd degree at Irun~a prison fasted again from march
7th to the 9th to protest against dispersion and prison in general.
The Pamplona insumisos stage a protest on the 8th of every month after the
8th of September 1994 when eight imprisoned anitimilitarists were transfered
to different prisons throughout the spanish state. In this ocassion the
jailed insumisos wanted to relate their protest to Working Woman's Day. They
also denounced the situation in which Navarra's female prisoners live, all
of them being forced to serve their sentences away from their places of origin.


ATTEMPT AGAINST EUROFOR

An explosive device was deactivated when the fuse was aligth on March 7th in
front of the barracks at Florence (Italy) which is the headquarters of
Eurofor, an inmediate response force for the Mediterranean comprising Spain,
Italy, France and Portugal. The attempt was vindicated by radio with a "Long
Live Anarchy", they also claimed responsibility for the attempt on February
28th in front of the Ministry of Aeronautics in Rome and denied the claim by
the Nucleos Comunistas Combatientes.



*** FROM GERMANY ***


DEMOSTRATION IN BERLIN

On January 14th over 10,000 people demonstrated in East Berlin in homage to
Rosa Luxembourg and Karl Liebkeneck, outstanding fighters in the revolution
of 1919 and assassinated by the army. This demonstration attended by a
motley crew of all ages takes place without incidents and ends with a
placing of flowers in the cemetery where they rest. This year the police
charged several times against the demonstration, venting their fury on the
antifascist block and the turkish and kurd groups. They arrested several
people and once at the cemetery everything was peaceful again, but the
police charged again and tried to arrest more people, with new clashes and
incredible police violence.


MASSIVE RAIDS

The indiscriminate and massive raids and searches in homes, locals, okupied
houses belonging to the antifascist, autonome and libertarian movements
continue in Germany. Two people have been arrested and charged with
belonging to Antiimperialist Cells, an armed organization that never before
had suffered arrests until now.


RACIST STATE

(Llar) Germany's Federal Police tore away two children, 2 and 6 years old,
from their parents arms at Stuggart airport on January 2nd. The parents,
kurdish political refugees, had spent all their savings to pay for their
children's trip. The police, by virtue of a law that does not authorize
family reunions, returned the children to Turkey.


1,300 KURDS ARRESTED

The kurdish community living in Germany organized, on March 16, a gathering
for the peaceful resolution of the kurdish problem. The demonstration,
previously authorized, was declared illegal hours befor its start. The
police stopped more than 50 chartered buses from different cities in roads
and expressways. In spite of this many kurds evaded the police controls and
arrived at Dormunt. There were incidents and over 1,300 arrests. There were
clashes in the expressways with the kurds travelling in the buses. A police
car was incinerated. Two weeks before in Bonn the police charged against a
kurd demonstration due to the display of PKK (Kurdistan Worker's Party)
flags and the 2,000 demonstrators answered the police aggression with stones
and potatoes. The PKK initiated, over ten years ago in Kurdistan, the armed
struggle against the genocide by Turkey that they suffer. Germany
collaborates by selling weapons to the turkish government which are used to
massacre kurdish villages. The large kurdish community residing in Germany
has almost 50,000 PKK militants. Germany's justice system outlawed the PKK
in 1993, and now Germany's justice does not consider the PKK a "clandestine
organization" but a "terrorist group". On the other hand a group of european
politicians, among them a senator from the PNV (Basque Nationalist Party
T.N.) that were trying to visit Kurdistan were arrested by the turkish
police who did not allow them to visit the area.



*** HAUNTED HOUSES ***


SOS C.S. DAVID CASTILLA

Social Center David Castilla, okupied since December 1993 in Madrid's Tetuan
neighborhood is currently one of the most active projects in Madrid. They do
many activities (theater, library, gym, dining room, flamenco, labor
advisory...) and is a place of reference for different collectives. At the
moment they're under threat from the owners (a well know especulating
enterprise) that demands 3,000,000 ptas to start a judicial proccess that
will allow the social center to remain alive for two more years. The
attorney for the social center thinks it's possible to lower the bond to
500,000 ptas. They urgently ask for support from all the collectives, it's a
matter of days, any help in any amount is welcomed. Deposit in : Cajamadrid
2038.1093.8 F.M. Martinez c/c 3003156248. For more information C.S. David
Castilla 46 Villamil St.28.039 Madrid.


SEARCH AND CAPTURE

Two okupas from Casal la Murtra in Barcelona, evicted and demolished in 1994
have been tried by a judge. He sent the summonses to the vacant lot where
the house used to be and this meant imprisonment for a female defendant and
search and capture with preventive imprisonment for the other defendant
until the trial takes place.


FASCIST HARRASSMENT

On February 10th an attempt to okupy  a house in Santa Coloma resulted in
the arrest of two okupas. On the 15th it was reokupied, hours later
boneheads and fascist neighbors showed up armed with clubs. 25 nazi-skins
threatened to burn down the house. Later 60 people came up in defense of the
okupas and the nazis dissappeared. The police came and the house was evicted.


GAVILUETU IN THE STRUGGLE

(Llar) Social Center Gaviluetu of Aviles (Asturies) has problems with the
Town Hall. On February 23rd municipal workers and municipal police entered
the okupied house without permission and removed 50 meters of electrical
wiring and two lampposts (belonging to the fishermen's brotherhood). The
mayor in person showed up during the cut off of electrical energy. A
municipal police car remains in front of the house 24 hours a day
controlling the okupas and preventing them from reconnecting the
electricity. That same afternoon 500 people took part in a demonstration of
protest in front of the Town Hall and the PP's headquarters. On February
28th several members of the okupa assembly took over the stairs inside the
Town Hall, while a gathering in support was taking place outside. The
municipal police kicked out the okupas and one of them was arrested and
beaten in a room. They confiscated a banner which read :"If there are
evictions there will be disturbances". On March 2nd in the asturian
municipality of La Felguera a house belonging to Iberdrola was okupied.


SQUATS IN NAFARROA

On saturday March 9th a house belonging to the archbishop, located in
Etxarri-Aranaz (Nafarroa), was okupied by the Gazte Asanblada. The house had
been abandoned for four years and to date there haven't been any problematic
visitors.
In addition, during the festivities in Tudela the recently created
pro-gaztetxe assembly of that town okupied a large house where alternative
parties were quickly organized and during which a good sum of money was
collected for their activities.
Unfortunately, shortly after the festivities ended the house was evicted,
but this has not diminished their spirits to continue moving forward.
At the last minute we've received news of the okupation of an abandoned
factory in Portugalete (Bizkaia) by a large group of young people on April
13. The goal of the okupation is the creation of a social center, due to
repeated refusals from City Hall to give them a place.


SQUATS IN FRANCE

On January 20th in Paris a hundred people okupied an apartment building at
37 Rue Bonnet (Moskowa district). The initiative came from the neighbors,
with the support of many groups. The building, in good condition, was to be
demolished, but now it will be inhabited by the poor people of the neighborhood.
Since February a political squat has been opened in Nantes. Named Le
Courtois, it's a few steps from the well known City of Congresses. Their
goal is to demonstrate that an antiauthoritarian collective can help a group
of individuals claim ownership of an empty house in the center of the city
and to reject the charity system. In Nantes, the ancient worker's
neighborhoods are being destroyed, displacing the inhabitants to the
outskirts. The okupas are already preparing activities: language courses,
self-defense, a vegeterian restaurant, concerts.
Le Courtois is located at 10 Rue de Bitche. Another squat, Le Local is at 16
Rue Sanlecque.


DID YOU KNOW THAT ...?

According to a report on the urban situation by the United Nations the
spanish state is the european country with the most empty houses. 500,000
houses are empty and are perfectly inhabitable.

*** FASCISM? NO, THANKS ***


ANTIFAS TRIALS

This past March 20th two trials against two antifascists took place. In the
first one the prosecution asked for several days in jail against a young man
accused of administering a blow with a mug to a fascist. Finally he was
acquitted and it was clear that the arrest had been done at random by the
secret police, as usual.
That same morning another trial took place with the prosecution asking for 3
years for another antifa accused of attacking Miguel Angel Gutierrez "Moro",
a well known nazi from Zaragoza, as he rode his motorcycle in March 1995.
The identification of the accused antifas, one of them insumiso in rebellion
that wasn't even in Zaragoza and who didn't show up at the trial, was done
with name, address and a previous knowledge of their ideology and without
them having taken part in the attack.
Several well known Zaragoza neonazis attended the trial: "Karrakas"
(rent-a-cop at the University), Cesar Gil Carreras (implicated in attacks
against homeless poeple), Francisco Javier Bueno, Jonathan Abizanda, a
certain Valera (close friend of Baeta), "Stuka", etc.
Finally the only defendant present has been sentenced to a year in jail
although at the trial it was clear the intent to implicate the antifascist
in the events no matter what, given that the declarations of the nazis were
totally contradictory and they put their hooves in their mouths several
times even as to the date when the attack took place. Another wholly unjust
sentence which demonstrates the fickleness of justice that punishes nazis
with a month's arrest with more evidence and for more serious aggressions
while the antifas are judged with a different yardstick.


AGGRESSIONS IN ZARAGOZA

= After the demonstration of March 8th, a young man was assaulted by nazi
Manuel Navarro, aka "El Rubio". In answer to the attack a group of people
attending the demo administered a corrective to that element and he has
accused without evidence a member of P.A.Z. based in a photographic
identification with illegal police records. History repeats itself: baseless
accusations supported by the police, with the goal of neutralizing the
emerging antifascist movement in Zaragoza.

= A member of JJLL (Libertarian Youth T.N.) was attacked by a group of nazis
the night of March 16th in the Leon XIII district, receiving a brutal
beating that sent him to the hospital, where they had to sew several
stitches and administer other emergency care. The young man has filed
charges, which we hope will stick.

= A young man coming out of an assembly of Colectivo Delicias received a
blow with a chain, he managed to escape in time.

= During the weekend of March 29-31 there were several aggressions among
which we note the stoning of El Arrebato, headquarters of the Rebel
Collective, where the bartender was injured in his eye and others suffered
less serious injuries.

= That same weekend several antifas stoned Bar La Croqueta again as well as
an all-terrain (vehicle) in which several nazis were making their rounds
controlling antifascist people, which was destroyed with the nazis inside.


AGGRESSIONS IN THE STATE

A young man of brasilian nationality was stabbed twice in the chest in
Barcelona this past March 21st by a group of nazis. As he tried to escape
crossing the street he was run over by a car resulting seriously injured. He
was hospitalized and had to have surgery and is still recovering from his
wounds.


NAZIS SENTENCED

The five nazis that killed Guillem Agullo, SHARP member assasinated in
Montanejos in September 1994 have received sentences that go from 25 to 28
years. The sentences, though pretty harsh, fall short since Valencia's
fascist organization came out clean during the trial, as we anticipated in
our bulletin #49 and some of the media have portrayed the case as a "tribal
fight" with a tragic end. We must clarify that four of the nazis are members
of the ultra soccer club Yomus and had contact with Accion Radical. They had
attended a concert for the race organized by A.R., they wore fascist emblems
and after assassinating Guillem they left the area singing "cara al sol"
(fascist anthem T.N.). In spite of all this the judge has not found any
relation between the defendants and fascist groups.
During the trial the private accusation made by the catalanist association
Maulets was fined 100,000 ptas for attempting to clarify the common
responsibility of Valencia's fascists as a whole and as a protest there was
a gathering and other actions.
On the other hand, Valencia's court condemned nazi Juan Jose R.E. to 13
years in prison for attempted homicide, injuries and damages for the
stabbing of four young people on November 18th 1994 and 10 days in jail for
an accomplice.


DOWN WITH CULTURE !

This phrase by Foreign Legion founder Millan Astray could very well apply to
his legionnair gentlemen who, after the murder of one of them at the hands
of a reserve soldier, came out to "avenge the affront" attacking the
magrebhi population of Ceuta
as well as the businesses they run. The image of the benevolent blue helmets
that help the unfortunate bosnians crumbles when confronted with the reality
of an armed force such as the Legion with a XIX century colonial mentality
and the appalling racism that is fostered within its ranks.


YNESTRILLAS IN CATALUNYA

The presence of ultra-right-wing Ricardo Saenz de Ynestrillas in Catalunya
to inagurate two headquarters of the extreme right wing Alianza por la
Unidad Nacional (AUN) in Barcelona and Vendrell caused serious protests. On
February 25th the ateneos libertarios and antifascist groups of different
Tarragona towns organized a concentration in  El Vendrell (Tarragona) where
Ynestrillas was opening up the headquarters. 400 people took part in the
antifascist demonstration. The only people that attended Ynestrilla's
meeting numbered 50, more than half of them neonazi skin heads. A large
deployment of anti-riot Guardia Civil protected their comrade Ricardito, who
had to leave the meeting by a side door. The naziskins came out marching
with their arm raised. Two of AUN promoters in El Vendrell will be tried on
April 2nd for attacking an insumiso from Reus at the end of an
antimilitarist demonstration.


NAZI BIKERS

In Barcelona the police disbanded the Centuriones gang, motorcycle buffs
linked to drug traffic, possession of weapons, contract beatings, illicit
association and other crimes. They had front businesses and even a yatch.
Their mafioso criminality and organized delinquency is flavored by neonazi
ideology and symbology. 34 people were arrsted, 25 of whom will come under
the court's jurisdiction, of whom 14 went to prison and the rest are in
provisional freedom. In Zaragoza a similar body called Templarios is active,
in october '95 their members assaulted a bar patronized by alternative
people causing one serious injury.


BURNED ALIVE

Two beggars that slept in the streets of Paris and another city in northern
France were sprayed with flammable liquids and burned alive making this one
of the most worrisome fascist murders in the last few years in the
neighboring state because of its cruelty and because there haven't been any
arrests to date.
The increase in ultra right wing crimes in France is very high due primarily
to the tacit support that the perpetrators of all kinds of ultra aggressions
get from the state through the ultra right wingers "democratically elected"
from Le Pen's National Front.


NAZI PSYCHOPATHS

In Merano (Italy), on March 1st a germanophile racist sheperd that had
assassinated five people died in a gun fight with the police. A policeman
killed in the shooting becomes the sixth victim. The racist man was a member
of a radical seccesionist group of german speaking italians. The motive for
the crimes was racism, since the victims spoke italian. According to
investigations the sheperd was mentally ill.
Another crazy nazi is Thomas, 27 years old who killed five people in Renania
(Germany) obeying orders from god Odin, nordic divinity of war enshrined by
the nazis. He killed a nazi ex-colleague, a young female worker, an african
inmigrant, a young lady wearing an antifascist patch died of 91 knife
wounds. The murderer is well known in ultra-right-wing circles for his
militancy in different neonazi groups.
These two cases are not exceptions, many nazis not well in the head (you
can't be too sane to be a nazi) commit horrible crimes. Remember last year a
french adolescent, worshipper of Hitler who killed 14 people in his village,
among them all his family, or two nazi brothers in the USA that killed
several people among them their parents. All of this without mentioning the
Oklahoma bombing, the work of ultra rightists linked to the Michigan Militia
that caused near 200 deaths. Since a large part of psycopaths arrested for
multiple assassinations profess ultra right ideas it's fitting to ask
whether to be a nazi one must first be a psychopath, or whether to be a
psychopath one must first be a nazi.


FASCIST SECTS


A new case of members of an ultra right wing sect that barricaded themselves
happened between March and April. A sect who calls itself "Free Men"
bunkered down in a Montana ranch, after the arrest of two of their leaders,
armed to the teeth and remained under siege by the FBI for more than two
weeks until they were arrested. The members of the sect were very well
armed, declared themselves racist and did not recognize the US government.
The incident, besides not being the first one, is not an isolated one. In
the USA this type of openly ultra right group proliferates, combining at the
same time religious fanaticism and enjoying a certain tolerance on the part
of the authorities and the police, some of whom are self-confessed members
of these organizations.


BRIEF ANTIFAS

- March 5th 500 people demonstrated in Langreo (Asturies) to protest the
threats sent by fascists against high school students.

- In March, the well known nazi Baeta, suffering from a terrible
degenerative mental desease, went back to Daroca jail for two weeks.

- The Supreme Court has confirmed the 52 year sentence for Civil Guard Luis
Merino and 24 years for his other three accomplices for the murder of
dominican inmigrant Lucrecia Perez. The nazis pretended to lower the
sentence alleging manslaughter. The court ruled it was murder.

- Sergio Soto and Sergio Duran are two nazis that have been tried in
Barcelona for making the apology of genocide after making fascist, racist
and xenophobic declarations in TV. The prosecutor asked for three years for
this pile of shit.

- On february 21st a bomb exploded at the headquarters of the National Front
in Marseilles. The place suffered much material damage. That day was the
first anniversary of the assassination of an inmigrant by members of the
National Front.

*** CIVIL SOCIETY? ***


Lately from different pulpits, tribunes and communications media the current
party system (partyocracy) is being critiziced for kidnapping democracy, for
the lack of citizen's participation etc. They talk of regenerating democracy
and the participation by civil society in the decision making proccess.
>From a libertarian point of view we would have nothing to object to these
claims and even from a more possibilist point of view we could even make
common cause in defense of direct democracy. But beware! behind these
beautiful words there's a poison pill.
Those who speak of a civil society do not talk about an organizing and
associative movement, social movements, unions, neighborhood and worker's
associations, consumer associations etc. They don't want the performance by
the man on the street, rather that the new directors be "independent" well
known figures. The civil society they want to sell us is that of the
oligarchies that are outside the political power: televangelists, bankers,
judges, academics, tycoons that faced with the wearing out of the political
party system want to take the reins of power. Civil society are the
Trevijano, Pedro J, Conde, Gil y Gil, Ruiz Mateos ... in the USA opposite
the bipartisan system this type of civil society is represented by
archmillionaire Ross Perot.
Some candidatures have these claims in their agendas (democratic
regeneration, citizen's participation, open lists, civil society, cut back
on the parties' power ...). One of them is Foro Democratico, headed by
ex-centrist E. Punset and financed by someone as honest and philanthropic as
Mario Conde. A similar program is proposed by Plataforma de los
Independientes de Espan~a (PIE). In the latest municipal elections the
candidature from this group in Madrid was headed by Matanzo, in Huesca it
was a franquist ex-councilman. Both ex-councilmen from PP (Partido Popular -
right wing party T.N.) had been expelled from this party for being ultra
reactionary. In Vilaseca (Tarragona) the candidature was composed of people
close to the well known catalonian ultra rightist Gomez Rovira.
Then there is Iniciativa por la Sociedad Civil (ISC) that publishes a paper
Iniciativa por la Libertad de Expresion (ILE) that tries to make a dent
especially in the Universities. Although they have very progressive
articles, it is financed by businessmen linked to Opus Dei and carries
advertisements for major multinational corporations. In Zaragoza this group
was coordinated by a Law professor that quickly went from being a habitual
presence in the November 20th (Franco's death) celebrations to being a
progressive. This group, among whose more visible heads you'll find Javier
Esteban (linked to Bases Autonomas - another right wing party T.N.) has
organized talks by republican Trevijano throughout the state. In one of
their issues they noted the italian Francesco Cossiga (Minister of the
Interior during the bloody repression of the "lead years" in the 70s, with
more than 10,000 political prisoners) as an example of honest and
incorruptible politician.
Related to this theme is the ultraliberal current that claims the title
"libertarian" (in english the words liberal and libertarian have similar
meaning) for example the Libertarian Party in the USA goes against the power
of the state and wants the smallest state possible, total abolishment of
taxation, total privatization of the public sector and total absence of
social aid and services (health, unemployment, retirement ...). The goal of
these "libertarians" of the right is to destroy the state to install a
savage capitalism. In Europe this current is testimonial, but both
conservatives and social democrats apply economic policies more and more
liberal.
Watch out for these "desinterested" defenders of civil society and the
"right wing libertarians" since they only lead to personalism,
follow-the-leader-ism and populism. They're all recycled forms of
neofascism. If they fight against the power of the political parties is
because they don't want grass roots organizations, the system, the
bureaucracy that might control or limit the excessive personal power that
these self-nominated leaders of civil society want.



*** BRIEFS - BTRIEFS - BRIEFS - BRIEFS ***



RAPIST POLICEMEN

The prosecutor of Oviedo's court has asked for 73 years in prison for a
civil guard accused of sexually assaulting and raping 7 women.
A brasilian woman charged that she was raped in a Bilbo police station by 4
policemen after being illegaly arrested.


PRO-LIFE PUNKIES

The feminist collective Mujeres Castellanas de Burgos asked for a boicott of
a group called Derrame Zerebral that spread anti abortion themes and label
the women that have abortions as "selfish assassins". Curious coincidence
with the most integrist catholicism.


PROBLEMS WITH H.B.

Bilbo's Libertarian Youth (JJLL) has sent us a long letter to inform us of
the problems they are having with members of Herri Batasuna (basque party
T.N.) over the elections of March 3rd. JJLL-Bilbo pasted posters in favor of
abstention with the visible heads of the main political parties. The poster
team of H.B. covered these posters one by one, the libertarians were
insulted, threatened, endured anonimous phone calls and graffitti in their
local. JJLL remind us that in 1993 they took part, together with JARRAI and
HB, in a platform for the freedom of expression, denouncing the "idea
cleansing" practiced by the municipal street cleaning brigade who covered up
graffitti, posters and billboards.


GIL'S MARBELLA

In Marbella not everything is super rich people roasting in the sun, luxury
yatchs and a fascist and mafioso mayor. Recently a social center has been
created in this city and they tell us of the gathering they had this past
march against Gil's policies and the abuses perpetrated by the police in
Marbella, attended by over 200 people, although according to Gil there
weren't more than 12 from Marbella, a few from a nearby town (where his
party does not hold the mayor's office) and a gang of kids between 14 and 15
years old.
More than 100 charges of torture and ill treatment have been awarded to
Gil's police in only 5 years. The accusations are in large part from people
that have been stopped for simple traffic violations or for surfing outside
of the allowed hours and who have been beaten to a pulp, arrested,
threatened or vexed. This level of accusations for these circumstances is
much greater than that of the majority of the cities in the state and it is
assumed that they're only a part of the abuses carried out by a police force
that, according to Gil's very own words will be rewarded every time the
prosecutor initiates investigations against them for these reasons. Gil has
also prohibited the dissemination of pamphlets or leaflets and has dedicated
insults to the left and Marbella's young people such as slimy and lice-ridden.


ANTI BULLFIGHT ACTIVISTS ARRESTED

On February 15 there was an antibullfight gathering in front of a portable
bullring in Elche (Alicante) where a bullfight took place. The police acted
without consideration against the peaceful act organized by
Comite-Antitauri, made up of people from several collectives, the people
gathered limited themselves to carrying two banners and singing
antibullfight slogans. The police charged against the demonstrators and
arrested two of them. Four activists had to be treated at the hospital and
have pressed charges. The police's performance has originated a great
polemic in the city and numerous associations, unions and parties (even
Socialist Youth) have denounced the events and have called for a clarification.


ILL-FATED ANNIVERSARY

This month of April marks the 10th anniversary of the Chernobyl nuclear
disaster. To this date the exact number of people that died during the first
days is unknown and it's estimated at over 60,000 the number of liquidators
(people that worked in isolating the reactor and putting out the fire) that
have already died as a result of radioactivity. Another 100,000 could die in
the next few years and the rate of carcinogenic diseases among the
population that was near the plant at the moment the dome broke up is almost
50%. Even the grandchildren of the so called "Chernobyl children" could
continue to suffer the effects of radiation.
In spite of it, three of the plant's reactors continue to function and many
people have returned to the area and cultivate the land with concentrations
of radioactive strontium and iodine much higher than tolerable. Where will
the next "unfortunate accident" occur? Perhaps in Garon~a. This plant, like
the majority around the state, has a completely obsolete technology and is
located in an area of high population density right next to the Ebro river,
from where it takes water for its cooling, only 200 Km away from Zaragoza.
On saturday March 23rd 2,000 people demonstrated in Burgos against Garon~a
nuclear plant, on the 20th anniversary of its inaguration.


FUCKING ERTZAINAS

(UPA) In Oiartzun (Guipuzkoa), in answer to the arrest of several youths, on
February 28th several objects were thrown against the Batzoki (bar and
meeting place of the basque nationalist party PNV). At that moment several
vans of the Beltzas, anti-riot division of the ertzainas (basque police
T.N.), arrived with antiriot gear and entered a bar, harrassing and beating
the customers and throwing them out in the street to identify them. Once in
the street some clients asked for explanations and the badge number of the
Beltzas and as an answer they received blows with helmet-clad heads, blows
with clubs and kicks in the testicles. A municipal guard came to ask for an
explanation, getting the same treatment as the others, in addition to
insults such as "asshole, you're nothing, fucking little cop" directed at
the force he belongs to such as the major and other members of the municipal
government.
At last they arrested the municipal guard and insumiso Xolomo Sorondo, who
was under search and capture, being then taken to their base in Orereta and
later to the emergency room to obtain medical assistance. On February 29th
Xolomo went to prison and the guard was released. There was a gathering in
Oiartzun which was disbanded by the police and Oiartzun Town Hall and its
workers filed charges at the ertzaina and at the courthouse against these
performances and there was a strike and lock-in at the Town Hall.


SERIOUS CHARGES

Three castillian youths, members of UPC and JRC have been released after
declaring on April 15th in the National Court. The three were charged with a
crime of "collaborating with an armed band" for the possession of several
letters from different political prisoners that were addressed to the
magazine _Castilla Libre_. The letters didn't have any criminal content but
were a denounciation of the prisoner's situation. In addition two others
from JRC had to declare in the National Court for alleged "injuries to the
king" as they were considered responsible for a poster in memory of the last
people executed in Burgos in which they reminded the world that Juan Carlos
I was a king imposed by Franco. You can no longer say the truth.


THREE YEAR SENTENCE

(UPA) Madrid's provincial court has ruled against the defense appeal in the
case of two young people sentenced in connection with incidents against the
municipal police in the summer of 1991 during a campaign of protest against
the eviction of the then okupied Centro Social Minuesa (see Acrat #49).
Pedro Luis Perez had been sentenced in a first trial in July 1995 to 1 year
in jail for attempts against authority and Luis Moles to 1 year for attempts
against authority and 2 years, 4 months and 1 day for injuries.
The ruling by the Provincial Court upholds the sentences of 1 year for
attempt for Pedro and Luis but reduces Luis' sentence for injuries to 1 year.
The events go back to august 1991 when three people complained of having
been beaten by the police when they were hanging a banner in Puerta de
Toledo. Hours later the municipal police went to C.S. Minuesa, beating
people who were distributing leaflets and arresting Pedro and Luis. At the
beginning the trial was for misdemeanors and was suspended several times as
the police did not show up. In another trial, four municipals were sentenced
to 5 days and 100,000 ptas in damages to one of the arrestees for
aggressions. Two and a half years later in a new hearing a municipal
policeman appears with a medical report that says he lost 10 teeth when a
bench was hurled at him. The court reassesed the facts and it became a
felony. The court has to decide whether the defendants have to go to prison
or get conditional liberty.



FIES ON STRIKE

Since March 4th, inmates of the special departments in several prisons are
on courtyard strike. The FIES (Ficheros Internos de Especial Seguimiento)
collective demands the inmediate application of article 60 (the release of
the seriously ill) to all prisoners  with AIDS and other incurable diseases,
mental illness, cancer, paralysis and better medical assistance and food for
the HIV positive. Also the creation of establishments to house sick inmates
and respect for the dignity of men and women about to die on the part of the
administration. The FIES are prisoners subjected to extremely harsh living
conditions many times because of their fighting attitude against injustices
in the prisons.


SUICIDE

Several prisoners have filed complaints in court about the beatings,
vexations and humiliations received by Juan Luis Sanchez, 22 years old drug
addict, by the prison officials in Jaen jail the  20, 21 and 22 of november
1995. He was found hanging in his cell on the 29th.
Several social groups have organized a campaign, made difficult by hermitism
and fact-hiding. Why wasn't any action taken about the allegations submitted
on the 20, 21 and 22?. These associations had to make contact with the
deceased's relatives in an extraofficial way. Instituciones Penitenciarias
refused to provide the family's address and neither did it inform the family
about their right to appear at the procedures. Several human rights
associations have appeared in Jaen's Court to press charges.


CONTRABANDA SILENCED

This past January 19 Barcelona's free radio station Contrabanda FM was
literally swept off the dial by Barcelona Radio, a new municipal
broadcaster. This silencing happens after five years of uninterrupted
broadcasting on 91.0 FM, covering the whole city and part of the
metropolitan area. Most significant is that it isn't completely clear that
this other radio station has a license, but it so happens that it has a lot
to do with certain elements of P$OE.
At the moment Contrabanda FM transmits provisionally on 91.3 FM and is in
the midst of a campaign to recover their slot. The station has the public
support of collectives, unions (even the news people's) and they're sending
letters to collectives from different places that have or have had relations
with free radio stations.


CLARIFICATIONS

In the previous issue we informed of the censoring of El Acratador on the
Internet. There were some inaccurate facts that could lead to confusion.
The Red Iris is not only an Internet site but also the organism that
administers the university's electronic network connected to Internet in the
spanish state. The University of Zaragoza had nothing to do with the closing
of SPIE, the order came directly from Red Iris. Accusations by fascist
Manuel Morillo didn't have a direct bearing on the closing of the SPIE
server. Red Iris forced the closing of the site granted by the University of
Zaragoza to the SPIE (Servidor Popular de Informacion Electronica) project,
dedicated to NGO's and alternative groups. This site was used as a server by
this bulletin and other alternative collectives of this city. Red Iris, due
to economic reasons, or perhaps because of censorship, only allows the
Universities use of the Internet connection for matters exclusively related
to research.


POKED FULL OF BULLET HOLES

Jose Berges, better known as doctor death, was the victim, on April 5th in
Argentina, of an attempt by ORP (organizacion Revolucionaria del Pueblo).
Berges has 20 bullet holes but for the moment is alive. Two hospitals
refused to assist the wounded man. A few days after the attempt the hospital
where he is suffered another attempt, the ORP claiming responsibility.
Berges, the "Argentinian Mengele" was a torturer during the military
dictatorship. He was in charge of setting the pace of the torture sessions
to make them more painful, always with his face uncovered and enjoying it,
in a sadistic and refined fashion. He would steal children born to women
political prisoners  in concentration camps and give them to military
personnel without children, later the mothers were murdered. The total was
500 children. Berges was sentenced in 1986 to six years for torture and
child stealing. He was released in 1987. The ORP has announced new actions
against the impunity enjoyed by torturers and genocides that live in freedom.


ENCOUNTER AT AYMARE

Aymare (France) was a self-managed collective that received men and women
exiled after the Civil War, many of whom continued to fight fascism during
WWII. The collective lasted until the beginning of the 60's. Many french
young people who didn't know Aymare want to remember and pay homage to the
spanish anarchists and their ideas of antifascist solidarity, fraternity and
mutual support. The Aymare encounter (El Lot) will take place on June 15.
For information and registration: C.I.R.A.S. 61 Rue Pauly. 33130 Begles
(France) phone 56.49.46.48.


SUPER BRIEFS

* Action at the Italian Consulate at Pamplona-Irun~ea, on February 28th a
group of people gathered and put up a poster against the trial of four
italian anarchists (see Acrat #51).

* Libertarian Days-Segovia Resists. They took place march 19-24 with talks,
videos, food, rock. These days are another example of the continued growth
of libertarian groups in different areas of the spanish state, even small
villages and cities. For more info: Asamblea Insumision-Alternativa
Libertaria . Apdo 324 // 48080 Segovia.

* Boletin Unidad. Deals with reviews and contacts, bimonthly and free. Their
object is to serve as a channel for contacts for people and fanzines,
distributors, groups etc... It is sent by mail just for the asking. J.I.H.A.
Apdo: 41.019  28080 Madrid.

* Cultural Association Eliseo Reclus has been created, formed by people
linked to the libertarian movement, they have deep knowledge and give talks
about biological agriculture, renewable energy and naturopathy. Contact
Apdo: 1226  02.0890 Albacete.

* In March, 9 Civil Guards were tried in Bilbo accused of tortures that took
place in 1980. Despite having taken 16 years for the allegations to bring
the defendants to the bench, they used a legal trick to suspend the trial on
a technicality.

* The publishing of Jake Libertario, organ of the FIJL (Frente Iberico de
Juventudes Libertarias) goes to the group Sense Reverencies de Castello.
Apdo: 560 // 12080 Castellon.

* Zarata Irriata is a free radio from Pamplona that returns to the air after
6 months without broadcasting due to reestructuring. They ask for
collaboration and information. Zarata Irriata Apdo: 3272 // 31080 Pamplona.
Phone/FAX (948)277900.

* Tabloid Cepas Resistentes calls for a proposal on multimedia art about the
theme "the fallacy of the call to electoral participation" and is soliciting
articles (doesn't matter if they're in spanish) and all kinds of formats of
visual work before June 20th to David Thorne, P.O. Box 153b, Glover VT 05839
USA.

* To hell with a certain elemnt from Hamburg that says his name is Oliver
who stole money in the Ateneu Llibertari Estel Negre from Mallorca taking
advantage of the natural anarchist kindness.

* On March 3rd in Brussels thousands of students and professors took part in
a mobilization against an education decree that would mean the loss of 3000
jobs. In the European Union's capital there were violent street clashes
between the police and the demonstrators.



*** WITH ITOIZ, AGAINST THE DAM ***

On April 6th, around 7AM a group of 8 people, after subdueing a security
guard, climbed up the cables that transport the concrete carts for the
construction of Itoiz Dam and proceeded to hacksaw them, letting the load
fall to the ground.
The sabotage was done with  machinery rented from one of the enterprises
that are building the controversial dam and caused losses valued between 900
and 1500 million ptas, according to estimates, besides provoking a stoppage
that will delay the works 5 to 6 months.
The authors of the sabotage, done without any violence, except against
machinery, taped it and gave it to the police who arrested them and beat
them repeatedly besides making them lie down on the ground handcuffed.
Later they were taken to the Agoitz courthouse where they could not make
declarations since there were no esukera translators so they were jailed
until tuesday when they finally were able to give their declaration and went
to pr6ison again to this date. They all have filed charges for ill treatment
including the dam's security guards.
The press and the official establishment got busy since the day of the
action by the Solidarity with Itoiz hurling lots of accusations against the
ecologists in the habitual line: close to HB, destroyers of jobs, violent
people ... The acting minister Perez Rubalcaba went as far as to say in
public declarations that Itoiz would be built above all and we've heard the
most barbarous things.
What hasn't been said so much is that the macrodam at Itoiz, which tried to
flood one of the valleys with most ecological riches in all Euskadi, had
been reduced by order of the Supreme Court to a simple lake of 9.7  cubic
Hms capacity instead of the planned 418. The court ruled that it's not clear
what the usefulness of that amount of water would be.
That is to say, these works so strongly  supported were illegal since March,
in spite of which more than 300 workers were kept at the site. Workers that
in addition had to be recruited in other areas since the locals refused to
work in them. Taking into account the dam's illegality, the jobs were not
absolutely guaranteed (they only had to wait for the application of the
ruling) and besides it's fitting to ask what's more important: a few months
of work for 300 people or the change in living conditions of thousands of
people, besides the destruccion of dozens of hectares of forest.
The Coordinadora de Itoiz has claimed for a long time that the only reason
for the dam is the personal enrichment of certain UPN and P$OE officials,
since it was doubtful that the irrigation of 57,000 Has was possible, and
that land is at the moment producing an excess that can't even be sold.
For the moment the main promoters of the dam, councilmen Urralburu and
Aragon are in jail accused of corruption and illicit profiteering which
makes the dam clearly illegal.
As protest for the treatment given the arrested ecologists and to demand
their freedom and a stop to the works at Itoiz there have been dozens of
actions throughout the state and principally in Euskalherria, among which we
must note the gathering that took place in Zaragoza on tuesday April 16 at
Plaza Espan~a with a large attendance.
Now we can only wait for a judicial resolution minimally just for some
people that have acted in a non-violent manner in defense of everybody's
interest and against the murky Itoiz project, that only benefits the great
corporations and Navarra's local oligarchy of bosses.
Bank account to support: Caja Laboral account # 05811015383, Pamplona.


***ANNOUNCEMENTS ***

Come and meet us
Centro Social Libertario
Coso 186, local
Everyday from 18 to 21 hrs.
Library, videos, talks, concerts, distributors


SUBSCRIBE TO EL ACRATADOR
500 ptas = 10 issues
-Deposit in Caja Postal c/c 00-19.860.916 payable to E. Gracia and send a
copy of the recipt.
- In mail postage, 11 ptas denomination (Apdo. 3.1414)

HELP US WITH YOUR DONATION !


Listen to El Acratador
Radio Topo 102.5 FM - thursdays 20-21 hrs - phone 29-13-98
Radio La Granja 103.0 FM - tuesdays 19-21 hrs - phone 38-43-09


