
World Smash a Computer Day of Action       -by A.F.R.O.D.I.S.I.A.C
------------------------------------
24 Feb         24 Feb         24 Feb


(Taken from: The Future Now, issue 9, June 1994 - published in 
Brisbane, Australia)


 Almost everything we touch, eat and do nowadays is affected in some 
way by computers. It gets harder and harder to resist the 
techno-onslaught in our lives. Time to turn off the terminal, crush 
computers and stop dating your data.

 It's not that computers stress people out in their jobs. It's not 
that our technologies rule our society, and is only getting worse as 
years pass. It's not that we have elevated computers from the ranks 
of absurdity, to novelty, to necessity. It's not that there is never 
any public debate over whether we want our society to be completely 
transformed by the latest technology. It's not because of the 
bulldozers levelling our homes to make way for the coming 
information super-highway. It's not because the manufacture of 
chips, printed circuit boards, magnetic media, and other high-tech 
products uses some of the most dangerous materials known to 
humanity. It's not that the magnetic fields found within a radius of 
about two feet from the terminal is causing operators to die from 
cancer. It's not that computers distort reality. It's not that 
computers are dangerously impersonal. It's not that computers are 
actually antithetical to information sources that traditional 
societies use: personal observation, sensory interaction, historical 
and geographic contexts, and teachings about the human-wildlife 
relationship that have been passed down from previous generations. 
It's not even that computer errors can be catastrophic.

 It's all of this. It's that this is sold to us as a leisure, even 
Paradise. It's that we sell our lives every day to build this 
network which is aimed like a pistol at our hearts. That we daily 
build our own prison, our oh-so-modern hell.

 EVERY FACTORY A PRISON! EVERY OIL TANKER A SPILL! EVERY T.V. 10,000 
VALIUM! EVERY OFFICE A MORGUE! AND EVERY COMPUTER A TIME-BOMB AT 
YOUR FINGERTIPS.


FUCK CAPITALIST ORGANIZATION
FUCK COMPUTERS  FUCK DEATH

