The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

GRENADA - SOUTHERN SPAIN Repression follows strike action.

   Nine members of the Spanish CNT-AIT  have  been  charged  with
various  offences after their participation in the general strike
of  27th  January.  Having  avoided  various   suspended   prison
sentences, called for by the government, three of them still were
kept in prison for 23 hours, after having  been  arrested  during
the strike.
   Accused of violent activities and violations of public  order,
the  anarcho-syndicalists  included the editor of the publication
CNT, Jos Luis Garcia Rua and an English comrade  whose  expulsion
was narrowly avoided.
   The regional federation of the CNT has organised a  solidarity
campaign.

CALL FOR INTERNATIONAL SOLIDARITY EXTREMADURA

   After  a  series  of  actions  taken  by  peasant  groups   in
Extramadura  there was a number of arrests. Most of these were at
a demonstration but one comrade was arrested  at  his  home,  two
days after the event... maybe because he was an anarchist?
   The legal process is moving along, most of those arrested have
been  freed,  apart  from  two,  one of which is our comrade, Jos
Paredes.
  Now his lawyer is asking for money to continue working  on  his
case  and  his  trial  is imminent. We believe that those charged
will be  sentenced  for  their  opposition  to  the  agricultural
policies of the local government.
   This is why  the  collectives  Paideia  and  Los  Adelfas  are
calling  for  solidarity from anarchists and anarcho-syndicalists
to help defray the costs of the legal expenses and  so  that  our
comrade  should  not  have  to  pay the personal cost of a prison
sentence.
   You can  send  donations,  for  example  international  postal
orders to:

Collectif Paideia, apartado 133, 06800 Merida, Spain.

LML 27/4/94

















