IWW 1995 Calendar Features Women Workers

     The 1995 IWW Labor History Calendar is a very up-to-date
source of information about the labor movement.  The first inside
photo shows women in South Africa on strike against the
multinational corporation, Kentucky Fried Chicken.

     This year's calendar is subtitled:  Women Workers: The
Struggle Continues.  It features thirteen excellent photographs of
women workers marching, striking and organizing as far back as
1912 and as recently as 1993.

     Hundreds of historic events are listed on the calendar.
Almost every day of the year is filled with at least one
significant event in the labor movement.  Check your calendar to
find out what happened before your time, and to remind yourself of
recent victories and violations.

     For example, did you know:

     -- 20,000 female garment workers struck in 1909?

     -- 96 GM plants were shut down by a strike in 1945?

     -- Union activist Karen Silkwood was killed while trying to
     pass on information about
nuclear safety violations, in 1975?

     -- Who said, "I'm not a lady, I'm a hell-raiser!"?

     Many fellow workers are here remembered: names like Lucy
     Parsons, Rosa
Luxembourg, Emma Goldman, Meridel LeSueur, Kate Richards O'Hare,
Florence Reese, Fannie Sellins and many other women and men who
made their contribution for workers rights.

     In these times when the working person's rights are under
attack, this calendar reminds us of the richness and depth of the
roots of the movement.  Every day is a reminder of those who did
their part, and knowing how they struggled inspires us to do our
part.  When the going gets rough, a glance at the IWW Labor
History Calendar is enough to fill you with pride and renew your
spirit.

	  The Calendar is attractively and professionally
	  designed.  It has all the
holidays, both cultural and official including U.S. and Canadian.
The IWW Labor History Calendar is a must for every household and
office!

     Order your Calendar from IWW-HLF, Box 204, Oak Park IL
60303.  Prices are $7.50 each;  five or more, $4.50.



