
On Labor Day, the following flyer was placed on approximately 500 front doors,
car windshields, and telephone poles in well-to-do residential sections of 
Morgantown, WV.

                           It's Time To Reflect

            It's Labor Day once again.  Today you are permitted to
       do anything you want.  This token day is given to you by your
       employers "to honor your hard work and dedication."  They're
       making this investment of one day's lost labor, confident
       that you'll return to work tomorrow feeling refreshed,
       grateful, and submissive.  You probably will.
            Today, you will wallow in the by-products of your
       captivity.  Like a rabbit eating its own droppings, you will
       spend the day buying back the very same commodities that you
       and your labor-force partners have created.  How many times
       are you going to eat your own shit before you start to
       question the people that are serving it up?
            Can you remember the day that you decided you wanted to
       spend your life as a laborer?  Of course you can't.  Society
       doesn't present work to you as an option.  It presents work
       as your destiny.  It's no wonder that you bought into it.
            But you do have options.  Your body, your mind, your
       time, and your life are all rightfully yours.  You are free
       to reclaim any or all of them whenever you want them.  There
       can be so much more to life than producing products and
       buying them back.  But unless you are brave enough to step
       out of the line, you will die as a slave to this self-
       perpetuating cycle.
            Your employers have given you today off to pacify you.
       They are hoping that giving you one day back will blind you.
       They don't want you to realize that they stole the other 364
       from you.  Are you going to fall for it again this year?
            We don't want you to buy our newspaper, or come to some
       discussion, or join our organization.  We don't even have an
       organization.  We are just a group of individuals who
       are outraged that our lives have been hijacked by this futile
       and endless cycle that society has adopted.  We are hoping
       that Morgantown will wake up and refuse to take part in this
       pathetic Spectacle.
            So here you are, branded by society as "labor." Yet,
       despite the subjugation that the word implies, you wear no
       manacles.  You are always free to do anything you choose.
            Tomorrow, the fate of your body, your mind, your time,
       and your life will be in your hands.  Are you going to excuse
       yourself from the table, or order yourself up another plate
       of shit?
            We implore you to reclaim your life.   When your alarm
       goes off tomorrow, pick up the phone and call your boss.  Let
       him know that you won't be coming into work.  If he wants to
       know why, just tell him that it's Labor Day.
            If you have any questions, call 296-0041 any morning 9-
       10am or 291-9433 during regular business hours.

                        We Invite You Back To Life

The phone numbers at the bottom of the page reach the Editorial Opinions desk
at The Dominion Post (a local newspaper), and the "Morgantown A.M." radio talk
show at a local radio station.  The next day, the paper printed a front page 
story on the flyer, insisting that they had nothing to do with it, and the 
radio program issued a similar disclaimer.

