Anarchist gathering in Hiroshima 
 
The anarchist gathering will be held in Hiroshima on 6th August 1994.
There are 2 important meanings to have this gathering.  
First, 6th August is the day when the first atomic-bomb was 
dropped in 1945, and it was a clue to bring the defeat of 
Japanese imperialism. However, now, the Japanese state drifts 
toward re-invasion while the government send overseas its own 
full-armed forces called Self-Defense Force/SDF, in the name of 
"international contribution" by United Nations. 
Hiroshima still remains its roll as the city of military base as
it was before the atomic bomb has dropped.
When Japanese people talk about the war, they always talk like
"no more Hiroshima and Nagasaki", putting their place as  
"a suferer of the war", not as a assailant of the war which 
caused massacre in many asian countries.
We have to determine ourselves that how we should cope with this
matter, as an anarchist.  
Second, we must focus on "the problem of anarchist co-working or
co-operation". We anarchists have minor influence in this 
society and losing attraction gradually while some anarchists 
are being separated as a "traditional manner" of Japanese 
anarchists. That is the one of the main obstacles that prevent
making our existence effective to the society.
We should respect several different perspectives, influences and
tendencies of or among the group as long as coming toghether  
under the thought of anarchist perspective. 
We hope this gathering could be an opportunity for the anarchist
deep and fruitful discussion. For instance, 2 different factions
from IWA-Japanese section will take part in this gathering. 
We have been dedicating many of our time and vigor for the  
success of this gathering.
We are planning to have the lecture, video playing and discussion 
at the moment now.
If you are interested, your participation is always welcome.
Or send us your message for the gathering to our liaison address. 
That is also appreciated. That can be a proof of anarchist  
solidarity over the state-borders.
In solidarity,
 
ARP 
P.O.Box 57, Sakyo, Kyoto, 606, JAPAN
E-mail;arpresist@igc.apc.org

