PROPOSAL FOR A DECENTRALIZED COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK TO LINK
AUTONOMOUS GROUPS AND INDIVIDUALS

What you are reading is a first draft proposal written mainly by
one person (Sprite) with only a little outside input so far.  It
is doubtless full of errors, inconsinstencies, and in some cases
redundant.  I am hoping to get lots of feedback from others so
that it can be added to, edited, and developed into a nice,
beautiful proposal that will lead to actual organizing and
ultimately to a social revolution by oh, say christmas.  So get
to work, kidz!

In the wake of the split in the Love & Rage Network, we see the
chance for a truly decentralized, bottom-up, organic network for
communication & mutual aid.  To a large extent, this network,
however small and scattered, already exists and functions.  We
would like to see it become more organized, and develop into a
full spiderweb of interconnected autonomous groups.

Much of our ideas for this proposal are based on the European
Counter Network (ECN), the Spinnennetz, the Infoshop Network, and
your average activist phone tree.  For more info on these, we
suggest contacting the 56a Infoshop (ECN)/56a Crampton Rd./London
SE 17/UK, or reading the article in Clash #8 on Spinnennetz and
the article in Slingshot #48 on Infoshops.

This proposal for the actual organization of this network is
really rather simple, and is based on a few assumptions:
1) Electronic networking (e-mail, bbs's, irc's, etc.) is
currently the quickest and easiest means for communication and
the transfer of news & information, altho all mediums (...)
should be used.
2) the current situation of the N. American
anarchist/autonomist/anti-auth. movement is that there are
several regions that pretty much have their shit together (NY,
Philly, Twin Cities, SF, Chicago, Toronto, etc. etc.) and for a
network to start, the seed would best be planted in those areas,
where it can grow and stretch out to others.

Reasons For Communication
There so many reasons such an infoexchange is desirable...
1) To provide an alternative media, which would counter the lies
and illusions of the capitalist media.  To create a forum for our
own voices and analyses to be heard, debated, and acted upon.
2) To break down the isolation, to promote communication, so that
small, poorly-financed, or regionally isolated groups can still
participate fully in the movement and connect with all other
areas of the movement.
3) To encourage solidarity work and mutual aid.  Today's
technological advances allow quick transmission of data, thus
allowing us to react promptly and be increasingly effective.
4) The exchange of information produces consequences. 
Infoexchange helps create alternative communication structures
and promotes a mutual learning effect where we can draw from each
other's experiences as well as develop internal dialogue for
change.
5) Data communication supports personal communication. 
Interaction will help unify our movement as well as draw us
closer to each other personally.

The Proposal
To create a network of communication, using all available means:
electronic/e-mail/bbs's, phone, fax, mail, infoshops, pirate
radio/tv, papers, hotlines, etc.  This network would be
decentralized, non-hierarchical, non-partisan, and dedicated to
the exchange of information.
  To start:
1) We get together at least one
collective/infoshop/group/whatever in each currently active area
who will take up responsibility as a communication-info-exchange
node/nexus/crosspoint (Node) for their area.  These Node groups
will preferably be groups that have access to internet as well as
other resources that would allow them to transfer info to and
from many groups.
  The Node groups will basically serve as an exchange point. 
They will keep contact (lists) with all their local area groups,
as well as all the other Nodes.  Likewise, local groups will keep
contact primarily with their area Node, but also the other Nodes.
  The functioning is rather simple: Say a local group has an
incident where they want other groups all over to take action on
that week.  They either contact all nodes across the land, if
they have the resources, or if they don't, they take it to their
area Node, who transmit it to the other Nodes for them.  When
Node X (an example) at the other end of the continent gets the
info, they disseminate it to their local area groups, using all
means appropriate & necessary.  The other Nodes do likewise. 
Thus, info gets out to all groups in contact with the web fairly
quickly, and without a lot of work by one group.

POINTS TO PONDER
o Contact lists should be kept by all the Node groups that list
their local groups and what mediums of communication they have
access to.

o Node groups should have internet access, because at the present
time it is the easiest & fastest way to transfer info.  This will
help accelerate the pace of solidarity/mutual aid work, as well
as making the transfer less of a burden.  If possible, Nodes
should have more than one internet account.

o When Node groups disseminate info, they should utilize all the
appropriate mediums.  Of course, this will also depend on the
specific Node group and what resources they have.  

o A primary focus on disseminating info should be given to other
groups that will help spread the info further.  For example,
pirate radio/tv, frequently published papers, infoshops, hotline
numbers, etc.

o There are basically 3 aspects to disseminating info.  First,
there is time-sensitive info, usually solidarity work, that needs
to be gotten out in a quick way (phone banking, faxing, etc.). 
Then there's regular news that can go out in periodic updates
(papers, zines, flyers, mailings, free radio/tv, hotlines).  Then
there's having space where people can come and find information
(infoshops, archives, bbs's).

o The Node groups and their contact numbers should be distributed
widely, to as many groups as possible.  Not only will this
increase the amount of news/info fed into the network, but it
will provide local groups with the info necessary to contact
other Nodes should their area Node fall apart, suffer from
repression, or act discriminatorily.  Thus the elimination or
inapppropriate actions of one Node will not be debilitating to
the web, as the rest of the structure will fill in the gap.

o Obviously, there is going to be a large burden taken up by Node
groups.  They should not take up the responsibility lightly.  For
obvious reasons, groups that already have info-exchange apparati
in place, like groups that publish papers, etc. would be best
suited for the job.  However, as these groups are usually
overburdened already, an option is for a less busy group who
wants to take up the Node responsibility using the facilitities
that more resourced groups have.  This might make things a bit
crowded and hectic in some places, but the leeching group could
also focus on developing the resources of the group they leech
from, or otherwise develop a symbiotic relationship.

o  A lot of hoopla gets made about developing National Projects,
on the supposition that such projects will be stronger and more
effective when supported nationally.  While this is true, it is
also true that such projects tend to detract significantly from
work done on the local level.  This network, once enacted, will
hopefully solve this problem.  Instead of focusing on National
Projects, calls can be put out over the Web, which will
undoubtedly be taken up by groups so inclined all over.  The
beauty of this is that each locale will work on the call/project
as much as they see fit.  Coalitions can be built, actions done,
etc., all on the level that local group want to put into it.  

o  The idea of a national/continental anarchist paper has also
been raised often, one which would report on and be a resource
for the entire @ movement, yet it is my opinion that at this time
such a project is too ambitious, both because our movement is so
small and because papers are an incredible work-money effort. 
Considering also that there are already several @ papers with a
local bent but national+ distribution (WCF, Slingshot, Profane,
5th Estate, Shadow, to name a few), it also seems unnecessary.  I
would rather we encourage nodes or other local groups to develop
similar publications for their area....  Consider also that such
papers can be posted in electronic form and widely distributed to
other Nodes.

o  Some people feel that networks like this should be based on a
mutual set of agreed upon principles. Again, i feel that because
we are starting with groups that do agree on basic things like
self-management, non-hierarchy, anti-capitalism, etc., that the
network will organically reach out to other like-minded groups. 
Thus any formal statements of principle, political statements,
etc. ad nauseum, can be chucked out the door.

o  There is, of course, the danger that Node groups will not be
impartial in their dealings with other groups.  To a certain
extant, this cannot be avoided, and is a struggle to be dealt
with at the local level.  However, it is important that this
should not become a hindrance to the network, and so bypasses are
needed.  First and foremost, is that each group in the network
know of and have contact with other Node groups.  Secondly, this
kind of divisive and sectarian behavior should be actively
struggled against, and pressure should be brought upon those
groups that act in this manner.

o  The interconnectedness is also beneficial, not only as a
bypass, but also in the case of groups breaking up, slowing down,
or facing repression.  Their absence will be taken up and filled
by other parts of the web.

o  It is hopeful that this network would extend beyond @ groups
to other autonomist, anti-authoritarian, and non-authoritarian
groupings.  Frankly, this kind of diversity can only serve to
liven up the variety of input and bounce more ideas off of each
other, not to mention sharing of experiences, thus leading
towards more change and understanding of each other.  Some people
fear that this openness will lead to infiltration and disruption
by authoritarian groups and the like.  However, considering that
no group in the Network should (theoretically) ever develop too
much power (as long as groups remain interconnected), and that
disruptive elements can be easily bypassed, or even pressured by
other network groups into changing or else...this should not be a
problem.  I actually see the network naturally just connecting
@/a-a/non-a groups because those groups gravitate towards each
other, so authoritarian groups should not often be a problem.

o  This network, unlike a national organization, should not
detract from a local emphasis.  In fact, it should actually aid
in the development of counter-institutions, as it will support
both infoexchange and mutual aid, without taking away time &
energy from local work.
  
o  A major focus of this network should be on expansion.  First,
the areas that are not covered by the web need to be reached,
helped into developing their own institutions, and brought into
the network.  Second, an effort needs to be made to get the info
out of the activist ghetto, to jane & joe average on the street. 
This outreach could fall as a task to be taken up by the
infoshops, free radio/tv, papers, etc.  It is a crucial aspect
that should not be glossed over.

o  This ties in with another focus i feel this network should
have: creating counter-institutions.  Obviously, the network
itself is all about creating an alternative & oppositional media,
but i feel it should also work towards helping the development of
community-based counter-institutions, particularly
infoshops/community centers, but also all other areas that are
both helpful & essential: medical, food, housing/shelter,
clothing, cooperative work, transportation, education, childcare,
etc. etc.  This stems from my philosophy that info & theory &
education help alter people's mindsets, but usually only actual
EXPERIENCE causes people to change themselves radically, which is
what we need.  I feel we need to work on developing counter-
institutions that will reach out to people and give them those
experiences (collective work, mutual aid, self-determination,
non-hierarchy, etc. etc.).

o  To facilitate the growth and change of this network, it has
been suggested that yearly conferences/gatherings could help
bring it together.  However, i feel that considering the area we
are covering and restraints that keep people from travelling far,
regional gatherings would be more democratic and productive, and
they already go on anyway!  Also, Node groups, since they have
internet access, can regularly conference via IRCs, or other
internet mediums (MUDs, etc.)

o  In terms of info-exchange, a clear source and time-effect for
information is important as the context of the info's source is
invaluable in deciding how to react to/integrate it, and the time
restraints in organizing solidarity/aid are crucial.

o  Exchange is encouraged to be as personal as possible.  Rather
than recreating the capitalist media, which produces info for
consumption, we want the info to have a consequence.  Thus we
want to promote the exchange of ideas about long-term
perspectives and actions like discussion papers, background info,
theoretical works, and political/practical education.

o  While we use computers because of their effectiveness, we must
be clear about the problems they pose:  privacy, hacking, lack of
personal creativity/expression in computer text, all the way to
the seperation of concepts from reality.

o  A good form for reports is like this:
  1) Background: story of politics and practices of group.
  2) Situation: political and tactical concept of action/event,
expectations.
  3) The Event: what happened, where & when, what didn't happen,
details, expectations fulfilled or not.
  4) Reaction: how to react?  own activities, expectation to the
audience.
  5) Consequences: discussions that followed, other events
  6) Practical Info
  7) Future Perspective

o  Security is also an issue, and security precautions should
always be taken, especially in terms of phone and mail contact. 
Encryption (pgp) should be used when appropriate for electronic
transactions (and pgp keys should be verified!).

o  Another goal for the network could be the establishing of
autonomous electronic info-mediums, such as bbs's.  Quite a few
underground bbs's today are linked together into their own small
nets.  An autonomous info-net, complete with bbs's linked to
infoshops linked to papers and pirate radio-tv would just give me
orgasms.

o  We would of course, need some kinda hot sexy name for this
network-web-linkage thang.  "Spiderweb" is too cheesy for us. 
The only other suggestion so far is "the Matrix".  yeah, we're
goofy cyberpunx, so there.
    

Getting Started
So to get this network going, we need to start by having several
groups volunteer to be Nodes for their areas.  If necessary, we
can come up with some sort of validation procedure, like getting
endorsed by 10 local groups or some such.  Anyways, once we have
groups who will be Nodes, they need to start developing contact
lists as well as ties with their local groups (gee, imagine
that!).  Then, as info comes out, the exchange should begin, and
i figure it will develop organically from there.
  A major hurdle we face is expanding the web into areas that are
currently "dead".  Most areas just need some impetus to get a
little more organized.  Hopefully once an area is contacted and
jacked into the info-web, the flow of info-ideas will help spark
some action & development...but we might need to think farther
than this.
  One suggestion is to re-inact the early 1900s Wobbly program of
sending out organizers into areas that are ripe for things to
happen.  These organizers would move in, and for a long time
(several months), just get accustomed to the situation.  Listen &
observe.  Then, when they have a solid grasp on things, they get
involved, and start organizing.  When things are standing on
their own feet in the area, they pack up and move on.  Obviously,
a long-term project not to be taken lightly.  And this is just
one idea...

All in all, this network will be what we make of it.  It can only
function if many different political groups and collectives take
part in its structure.  We have an opportunity to create a
healthy, living, network organism that can unite us and support
our interaction while retaining our autonomy.  It's all up to us.

We hope to hear criticisms and ideas people have.  Please direct
your comments to us by one of these mediums:
c/o WCF, P.O.Box 81961, Chicago, IL 60681, U$A
(312) 455-0707  (fax also available, call first)
email: thak@midway.uchicago.edu



