McDonalds, McProfits, McLibel

Conceived 40 years ago, trash food giant McDonalds has achieved a 
notoriety previously reserved for international tobacco, oil, 
mining, pharmaceutical and weapons manufacturers.

As annual turnover exceeds $28 million, the corporation 
ruthlessly maximises profits despite widespread concern about the 
effects of the company's advertising and the impact of its 
operating practices and food products on the environment, on 
millions of farmed animals, on human health, on the Third World 
and on the burger chain's own staff.

With this corporate culture it will come as no surprise that Mrs 
Thatcher chose to open McDonald's British Headquarters. Not that 
her former election agent is on charge of the Communications 
Department and that her former press secretary, Sir Bernard 
Ingham, is a non-executive Director.

McDonald's have claimed that the wide-ranging criticisms of their 
operations contained in a leaflet produced by London Greenpeace 
have defamed them. So they launched a libel action against two 
people involved in this group, Dave Morris and Helen Steel.

Just before the start of the case, McDonald's issued a leaflet 
calling their critics liars. Helen and Dave took out a counter 
claim for libel against McDonald's and this will run concurrently 
with McDonald's libel action.

Helen and Dave have been denied a jury trial, at McDonald's 
request. They also have no right to Legal Aid and so are forced 
to conduct their own defense against the corporation's team of 
expert libel lawyers.

McQuotes

The following quotes, most from the McLibel trial transcripts, 
indicate the extent of the cynical deception practised at 
McDonalds.

"I can see [the dumping of waste] to be an environmental 
benefit, otherwise you will end up with lots of vast, empty 
gravel pits all over the country" - Edward Oakley, Chief 
Purchasing Officer and Senior Vice President of McDonalds UK and 
Ireland.

"Foods that contain nutrients", Edward Oakley when asked what 
"nutritious" meant in the "nutrition guides" he is responsible 
for and which are currently available in McDonald stores.

"Provides nutrients and can be part of a healthy balanced 
diet" Mr David Green, the corporation's Senior Vice President of 
Marketing when asked the same question. He admitted this could 
also apply to a "a packet of sweets".

"McDonald's line that their food can be eaten as part of a 
balanced diet is meaningless. You can eat a roll of sellotape 
as part of a balanced diet." Dr. Tim Lobstein, co-director of 
the Food Commission.

"McDonald's should attempt to deflect the basic negative 
thrust of our critics... How do we do this? By talking 
'moderation and balance'. We can't really address or defend 
nutrition. We can't sell nutrition and people don't come to 
McDonalds for nutrition." Internal Company Memo, March 1986.

"A diet high in fat, sugar, animal products, salt, and low in 
fibre, vitamins, and minerals, is linked with cancer of the 
breast and bowel and heart disease." McLibel defendants quoting 
the London Greenpeace Fact Sheet on McDonald's.

"If it is being directed to the public than I would say it is 
a very reasonable statement." Dr. Sydney Arnott, McDonalds 
Expert witness on cancer.

"When you see the Golden Arches, you're probably on the road 
to the Pearly Gates." Dr. William Castelli, director of a major 
work on heart disease.

"It is our objective to dominate the communications area... 
because we are competing for a share of the customers mind." 
Alistair Fairgrieve, McDonald's UK Marketing Services Manager.

"On any given day, McDonald's serves less than one half of one 
per cent of the world's population. That's not enough. We're 
like Oliver Twist, we want more." Michael Quinlan, Chief 
Executive of McDonald's quoted in "The Independent" (27/4/94).

"One of our tactics is to reach families through children." 
John Hawkes, McDonald's UK Chief Marketing Officer.

"Children are often the key decision-makers concerning where a 
family goes to eat." Offering toys is "one of the best 
things... to make them loyal supporters." Birthday parties are 
"an important way to generate added sales and profits". 
"Ronald loves McDonald's and McDonald's food. And so do 
children, because they love Ronald. Remember, children exert a 
phenomenal influence when it comes to restaurant selection. 
This means that you should do everything you can to appeal to 
children's love for Ronald and McDonald's." Extracts from the 
corporation's official and confidential "Operations Manual".

"I brainwashed youngsters into doing wrong. I want to say 
sorry to children everywhere for selling out to concerns who 
make millions by murdering animals." Geoffrey Guiliano, the 
main Ronald McDonald actor in the in 1980's who quit and publicly 
apologised.
 



