YOU CAN'T REHABILITATE AN ANARCHIST
MOSCOW, JAN.10,1994
 
  Almost 73 years after the slaughter of the Kronstadt rebels, Moscow
has decided that they were the victims of political repression.
  As yet another part of an assinine flow of symbolic gesture against
the legacy of the communist past, President Boris Yeltsin has decided
to officially "rehabilitate" the participants in the 1921 Kronstadt
uprising. This includes restoring full legal rights to all those
repressed. Thanks a lot, Borya.
  At a press conference held today, Alexander Yakovlev released
documents that proved that the Kronstadt uprising was a rebellion
against Bolshevik power and not a rebellion supported by the Whites
and Western imperialists. No shit Alex - tell us something we didn't
know. Yakovlev stressed that the lesson of the Kronstadt rebeliion is
that political repression did not begin with Stalin. "Stalin just
continued doing what Lenin was already doing."
  (We hope that historians of the future will draw the same
conclusions and figure out that Zhirinovsky was just a continuation
of Tsar Boris.)
  It is important to note that this rehabilitation is merely part of
a sophisticated ploy carried out by Yeltsin to make him seem morally
superior to all things associated with the Soviet government. The
important thing is not historical accuracy, but discrediting Soviet
power down to the very foundation, as one can discern from Yakovlev's
statement that, "It is important to remember Kronstadt now, when
people are becoming nostalgic for the old days". Yeltsin, has taenkg
an unprecendented number of moves against the symbols of the past and
has lamented the tragedy of communism mostly in effort to drum up
public sentiment against his opposition. We think it's funny that
someone who himself sends the army against a rebellion should label
the same thing "political repression". If the anarchists of Kronstadt
were alive today, they'd probably have their guns pointed at you
Boris Yeltsin!
  We want you to know, Boris Nikolayevich, that you have more
opposition than just those commie and fascist hacks. You can shove
your rehabilitation up your ass - down with all political repressors
and tyrants! Death to the dictators, to those that take power through
coup d'etats after making speeches upon armoured vehicles. We have
your number Yeltsin, you pig scum. You ain't no better - blood is on
your hands.
  Yeltsin plans to erect a monument in Kronstadt, to the victims of
the events. I think he should put one up around the White House.
  If he only knew that the spirit of Kronstadt lives on, he wouldn't
erect a monument.
  You can't rehabilitate an anarchist.
 
FIND YOURSELF SOME OTHER MARTYRS! ANARCHISTS HATE ALL TYRANTS-
INCLUDING YOU, YOU MOTHERFUCKER! LONG LIVE THE SPIRIT OF KRONSTADT!
