>From *Profane Existence*:

A MESSAGE TO "ANARCHIST" MEN, AND THEN SOME
by Molly Tov

        So they say a womyn's work is never done, and here I am writing an
article that a man should be writing, and I'm starting to believe it.
        Wimmin have been looked over, talked over, pushed back, laughed at,
been shut up, used, abused, and raped all by our "brothers" self titled
anarchist men and proclaimed revolutionaries.  All the anti-sexist men
quick to jump on someone else's sexist remark when around an anarchist
crowd, but will let it slide when around his not so "P.C." friends.  The
men who vocalize their aggression against rapists, but when THEIR lovers
say no, coercion is simplke, and its not rape, because he's ANTI-SEXIST. 
There are men who use anti-sexist talk to pick up wimmin.  The men who
challenge others to call them on their shit and when someone does, on goes
the defense mode and he's appalled that someone could say HE was fucking
up, instead of actually thinking about the situation and to start working
on it.
        We already know all men are sexist, just as all white people are
racist because of our society, white people still having privilege over
people of colour and men still have privilege over wimmin, and once born
into this process its incredibly hard to break it, especially when you
forget to look at yourself.  Once men slap "REVOLUTIONARY" on themselves,
they think once they know a problem exists, that they are no longer a part
of that problem, which they are.
        As always before and now, sexism is a second hand term.  It seems
everything is being laid out in order of importance, made by who?  Its like
"first we'll fight racism, cos' we already  know how to beat up nazis, then
maybe we'll think about sexism, capitalism, or homophobia, whichever least
affects our privilege.  After that if there's time, and no more beer, we
can read about speciesism, ageism, or ableism.  if we're really cool we'll
learn a little about it all to improve our social skills for the next
gathering."
        Whatever happened to fucking equality?  How did some isms become
more important than others you ask?  Its called "How to be cool in the
political scene, and keep as much privilege as possible" (look for it at
your local corporate bookstore).
        It's sad when it comes to the point where we don't want to think of
anyone but ourselves or the P.C. status quo.  Which brings me back to the
conclusion of all these "feminist" men, who care so dearly about wimmin (or
at least fucking them), until it affects their privilege, they care.  Which
I challenge SELF-PROCLAIMED anti-sexist men to really think about, how far
the words they speak so well, go maybe try asking your best friend or lover
just how anti-sexist you are.
        Has this article offended you yet?  Do you use your knowledge of
others oppression to make a change or to just make a good impression.  Do
you feel challenged when a womyn speaks?  Ever assumed its ok to touch
someone?  Ever feel bothered when a womyn asks you to confront sexist
bullshit?  well fuck you, you choose the term revolutionary not me.
        Unless we can start seeing ourselves as the problem, and until we
can actually start talking and listening to each other about our problems
and work on them, revolutionary change will always remain a distant dream.
        So the last question being, how many articles does it take until
men start working on their shit?  Aren't you tired of hearing and reading
about it (if they even took the time)?
        Maybe Smith and Wesson do a better job??
        At least stop considering yourselves revolutionaries,  YOU'RE NOT
MY COMRADE.

