Snagged from the SF Chronicle

Twelve people were arrested and one man was ordered to remove a giant carrot
from his head during another round of Food Not Bombs demonstrations yesterday
in San Francisco.

The arrests, primarily for handing out onion bagels without a permit, occurred
on the front steps of the hall of justice and city hall.  Following the arrests,
police officers stepped on the illegal bagels and formed a protective cordon
around them [!].

More than 40 officers were assigned to the demonstration, which began at the
hall of justice, where Food Not Bombs leader, Keith McHenry, 37, was scheduled
to go on trial on assault charges.  His supporters filled the third floor
courtroom, after being instructed to remove all Halloween costumes and check
them at the door.

The carrot was removed, as well as masks and witches' hats.  One woman was told
to rub off a dab of green paint from her nose.

The trial was postponed for one week, a court proceeding that took less than a
minute.  The supporters then filed out, reclaimed their costumes and followed
McHenry downstairs to the front steps of the building where five people were
arrested for serving bagles.

The demonstrators, who never numbered more than 50 and who were frequently
outnumbered by the police, then marched to city hall.  On the way, two more
were arrested for jaywalking.

At city hall, McHenry handed out Halloween candy at the Polk Street entrance 
while dozens of officers looked on.

"Hey, we're giving away Tootsie Rolls!" McHenry shouted.  Let's get some more
cops out here!"  The Tootsie Rolls evoked no wrath but when a large bag of
day-old onion bagels was produced and offered to passer-by, the officers took
McHenry and four more demonstrators into custody.  McHenry said it was his
94th arrest.

Police chief tony ribera defended the large police presence, saying that 
protesters "are quicker to leave the site of a demonstration than cops are." [?]

Food Not Bombs, an activist group that hands ou tfree food in city parks, often
serves lunch across the street from city hall beneath the office window of
mayor frank jordan.  The group has frequently criticized the mayor's
controversial Matrix programme, which is intended to crack down on so-called
nuisance crimes.

-30-

all typos marc's

