
THE CLINTON VISION
Noam Chomsky
ISBN 1-873176-92-9
CD 56 minutes
$12.98
Orders to:
AK Press
POB 40682
San Francisco, CA 94140-0682
U.S.A.

Contact Patrick Hughes
(415) 923-1429

For those among you who have had the  pleasure  of  hearing  Noam
Chomsky fire one of his critiques at the rule of capital, this CD
will give you the opportunity to enjoy and learn once again.  For
those  who  haven't  heard this anarcho-syndicalist Doctor Who of
the Academy, here's your chance to listen to him as he blows  the
media  smoke away from the Clinton Presidency, while he holds the
mirror of logic to the face of lesser evil.

How does he do it?

Being a world renowned expert in the field of linguistics  helps.
But  don't  let that scare you.  Chomsky is as easy to understand
as a clear blue sky.  He follows his usual method here. By taking
quotes from the most "respectable" of sources--the  "Wall  Street
Journal",  the  "New  York Times", U.N. statistical documents and
Bill Clinton's own speeches--he is able to expose  the  smell  of
burnt  human  flesh  underlying the cost-efficiency ethics of the
ruling class chefs--in this case their Chief Executive Officer in
the State apparatus.

So, what is the Clinton Vision?

Listen to this CD as Chomsky makes it stand up on its three  hind
legs--the  globalization of capital, the replacement of bourgeois
democracy with corporate totalitarianism, and the gulagization of
unproductive (of profit) members of the proletariat.

The globalization of capital has and is being ratified in various
international  trade  agreements:   NAFTA,  GATT  and  the  Asian
Pacific Agreement.  Noam chooses  to  illustrate  this  by  using
Clinton's visit to the Boeing complex to sign the APA.  According
to  the  Clinton Vision, Boeing sets an example for the future of
U.S.  capital in the New World Order.  Boeing,  a  company  whose
stockholders  enjoy immense State subsidy in the form of research
and development costs via the military, is that hybrid of current
successful market competitiveness.  Little did you know that when
you hopped that jet to Newark, you  were  riding  in  a  modified
bomber  design.   The  mingling  of  the State and capital is the
model of the Clinton Vision, whether it is Boeing, Cray  Computer
or  the nuclear power industry in the U.S.A..  That this model of
capital is being ratified in agreement after agreement on a world
scale shows that other ruling classes realize  the  same  vision.
Needless  to say, Chomsky makes it clear that their interests and
ours are not the same.

Linked to this notion for  the  need  to  ratify  corporate/State
capital's  dominion  over  the world market by "agreement" is the
corollary need to distance control over political decision making
from the unwashed masses.  As if the distance  were  not  already
great  enough,  agreements  like NAFTA, the APA and so on tend to
have clauses embedded in them which  prohibit  national  entities
from   passing   laws  which  conflict  with  their  "agreed"  on
positions.  Thus the governing model of  the  Clinton  Vision  is
more  and  more  closely  aligned with the totalitarian operating
structure of the modern corporation and less and  less  with  the
republican   form   of   government  initiated  by  the  American
revolutionaries of the 18th Century.

Connected to both the international agreements and the increasing
attraction of the corporate power pyramid as a means of political
rule, is the answer to that age old capitalist question--"what to
do with the unemployed?".  The Clinton Crime Bill and the billion
dollar prison construction plans  are  no  accident  of  history.
We're  not rebuilding the infrastructure here; we're constructing
the gulag of the future for those who, according to Chomsky, have
no value to the privileged elites of the U.S.A..   "Human  beings
have  value  only in so far as they contribute to profit making."
Seems  to  be  the  prime  directive  of  the  modern   bourgeois
"Enterprise".

This lecture provides us  with  both  a  lesson  in  contemporary
political  economy  and an example of how to cut through the crap
of  media  mystification.   The  "Clinton  Vision"   demonstrates
conclusively that relying on the lesser evil is not the solution.
The hard truth is that we can only depend on ourselves, organized
as One Big Union.

Mike Ballard

This review is from the pages of the "Industrial Worker", newspaper
of the Wobblies.  Send $15 for a 1 year sub to:
Industrial Worker
PO Box 2056
Ann Arbor, MI 48106
U.S.A.



