                  V E G A N   D E M O N   T I M E S

                       issue 1  *  august 1989



           Main Arm (Mullumbimby), New South Wales, Australia


Vegan Feasts at Kohinur
-----------------------

On Friday July 21st we put on our first Vegan Feast at Kohinur Hall. 
There was pumpkin soup, dhal and rice and a selection of home-made 
cakes, with chai and fruit punch to drink. Most of the music was 
from tapes, but later on in the evening some members of Earth Reggae 
turned up and played us a few songs.

We lit a big fire outside, and inside the atmosphere was more like a 
cafe than the usual Kohinur hall feel. And all this for just three 
dollars!

These vegan feasts will be happening on the nearest Friday to every 
full moon, with the next one on the 18th of August. That will be a 
special Rainforest night and we'll be showing a video on the fight 
to save the forests of the Penan, called "Blowpipes and Bulldozers."


Why Vegan Food?
---------------

You might think it's pretty weird that we're serving up food with no 
animal products in it. But we believe that in our society it's not 
possible to justify eating animal products, for two main reasons:

Firstly, the earth cannot support a diet based on animal products. 
It's pretty obvious that using vegetables to feed animals is a 
really inefficient way of getting that vegetable protein into our 
bodies. So vast areas of land are destroyed to breed animals for us 
to eat. If that land was used for producing vegetable protein, only 
a fraction of it would be needed to produce the same ammount of food.

Secondly, we look at the disgusting abuses of living beings that are 
used to make food. Battery hens squeezed into a space not much 
bigger than their bodies and fed on chemical shit in 
artificially-lit factories is just one example out of many. How can 
eggs that have been produced under these conditions possibly do any 
good to the person eating them?

Politics of non-exploitation MUST include animals. And you can't 
fight environmental destruction while you continue to eat meat or 
dairy products. If you really want to change the world, you have to 
start with your own diet. It's easy!

                             @ @ @

Vegan Food at Dance Theatre Show
--------------------------------

Kids Off The Streets put on two performances of the Aboriginal and 
Islander Dance Theatre at the Civic Centre in Mullumbimby. It was a 
great performance, with hundreds of people coming along to the 
afternoon and evening sessions. 

But we reckon the biggest achievement was the food. KOTS Catering 
provided a great selection of snacks and meals. And it was all vegan!

The menu included lasagne, pizza, falafel rolls, samosas and Terry's 
amazing cakes. It all went down really well, with lots of good 
feedback. "Most people probably didn't realise they were eating 
vegan food." said one of the caterers, "But we proved there's no 
need to use animal products for anything - ever!"


                              @ @ @


DON'T FORGET
------------

Vegan Feast at Upper Main Arm Community Hall (Kohinur).

Friday 18th August              6pm                $4=

Good food..............Video..............Entertainment


                             @ @ @


V E G A N   R E C I P E S


Vegetable Lasagne
-----------------

Tomatoes        mushrooms           spinach or
onions          capsicum            silver beet
kidney beans    zucchinis           mixed herbs
garlic          lasagne sheets

Quantities don't matter much - just do it by feel, or according to 
what you've got.

Fry onions, garlic and herbs. Add tomatoes and cooked (or tinned) 
kidney beans and cook a bit more. Combine this with the vegetables 
and lasagne sheets in layers in a baking tray. (Don't forget to boil 
the lasagne if it's not the instant stuff - it's not very nice 
crunchy!)

Oops, almost forgot the seed cheese! The ingredients and method of 
making this follows, but you put some of it in each layer and a lot 
on the top.

Put it in a fairly hot oven and cook till it's ready.



Seed Cheese
-----------

ground sunflower seeds         tofu
soya milk     turmeric         tahini
avocado       mustard seeds    lemon juice

Mix together all the ingredients except the soya milk. Then add 
equal quantities of soya milk and hot water until you get a thick, 
creamy texture. Then use it in the lasagne recipe above or anywhere 
else you'd normally use that horrible congealed cow mucus.

If you make this and it tastes horrible, come to one of our Vegan 
Feasts and try the real thing!


