ANARCHIST CONGRESSES AND CONFERENCES

On the 25. and 26. of May (1994) took place the 6th congress
of the "Confederation of Anarcho-Syndicalists" (KAS) in Moscow.
Participants came from Moscow, Omsk, Tomsk, Irkutsk and Donetsk
(the Sewersk-branch delegated their votes to Omsk). Guests were
the "Group of revolutionary Anarcho-syndicalists" (GRAS), one
anarcho-populist and German and French anarchists.

The congress voted for the expulsion of the groups in Petersburg,
Twer and Tula (At least one of them cooperating with fascists-DA).

The participants heared the reports about the local groups
activities. The Moscow delegate statet that from the the organisation
in the capital "Only survived a redaction collective". There are
no real forces for founding a 'Confederation of Labour'".
The Omsk and Tomsk delegates reported about their local
syndicalist activities, the Donetsk group about their local
activities. The information about the founding of a syndicalist
initiative "Wolja" (initiated by GRAS) and about an ecological
action in Tscherepowets, about the activities of a inpedent
medical health care group during the coup-de-etat in October
1993 have been heard. Questions of information-exchange have been
discussed.

Concerning the discussion about the future perspectives the
differences between the leftists (GRAS, Donetsk), the "centrists"
(Moscow, Omsk) and the "rightists" (Irkutsk, Tomsk) became
obvious. The "centrists" propagated their concept of "exploiting-
less market economy" and rejected libertarian communism, on the
other hand made a call for the cooperation of all anarchists
(among them GRAS and IREAN) in order to publish a common magazine;
the "rightest" were strictly against this idea.

The "Confederation of Labour" was proclaimed, real syndicalist
initiatives only exist in Siberia - in Omsk and Tomsk-Sewersk.

The "Donbass Federation of Anarchists" (FAD), supported by
GRAS tried to set up a new, revolutionary programm of the KAS,
this discussion about this topic beeing rejected by the
"centrists" and the "rightists". The same occured in
respect to an orientation along the IWA.


ON THE WAY TOWARDS FOUNDING A SECTION OF THE IWA IN THE EX-USSR

In May 1994 there was a fusion of the "friends of the IWA" in
Moscow (the anarcho-syndicalist wing of IREAN and the "group of
revolutionary anarcho-syndicalists - friends of the IWA" (GRAS)).
GRAS started systematic propaganda work in favour of anarcho-
syndicalism. It published two issues of "Pryamoye Deystivye"
(Direct Action) paper (circulation between 1.000 and 1.500 copies).
GRAS distributed leaflets calling for the revolutionary
syndicalist self-organization of workers, against nationalism
and fascism. It acquaints workers with experiences and methods
of direct action. Members of the GRAS participated in an
ecological protest camp in Cherepovets (summer 94) and in the
activities of the society for defense of human rights "Memorial".
In October 94 GRAS organizes systematic information pickets
in front of Moscow factories. It also organized actions within the
trade union protest days (10-27 and 11-7).

Members of the GRAS work in an independent syndicalist iniciative
in the sphere of information, culture and science "Wolya" (Liberty).
Beeing initiated by members of GRAS it works as an agitation
group and as society for mutual aid. In autumn 94 Volya put
forward its 8-point-program (it includes such social-economic
demands as full compensation for price rising since march 91,
establishment of the sliding scale of wages and social payments,
garanties against unemployment, protection of workers right etc.)
Now Volya propagates these demands among trade-union members,
workers organizations and collectives.

The GRAS aims to create a new revolutionary anarco-syndicalist
organisation as section of the IWA in the Ex-USSR. It is
negotiating with several local anarchits, syndicalist and
workers groups in the preparation of a founding congress of
the future "Confederation of the revolutionary anarcho-
syndicalists" (CRAS) in 1995. The GRAS and the Gomel group
of the "Federation of anarchits in Bjelorussia" created the
organisational comitee of CRAS in september 94. It continues
the contacts with the "Federation of Anarchists of Donbass"
(FAD), which left the KAS in october 94 and created the
Ukrainian RCAS.


The "AS-INFO" is published as "bulletin of anarcho-syndicalists
in eastern and central Europe". There is a Russian and English/German
edition.

Contact:
Vadim Damier
Pereleuk Alymova 13
KV. 24
107258 Moscow

(Please dont mention organisation or bulletins name on the
 envelope).

An e-mail edition is planned starting in autumn 95.
