RESIST AND EXIST 1996
                           June 26-30 1996
                           Eugene, Oregon

WHAT THIS IS ALL ABOUT: Resist and Exist is intended to be a large,
eclectic gathering of punks and activists from all different "scenes" and
walks of life. The focus of this gathering is on unifying the punk and
anarchist
community for positive change through music, cooperation, and activism.

THIS IS NOT A DRUNKEN CHAOS FEST!!!!!

As with any other anarchist/anti-authoritarian functions, the law is going
to be breathing down our necks and going out of their way to find the
smallest justification for shutting us down. Please be respectful and
keep your alcohol, drugs, and violence away from our activities.


BANDS CONFIRMED AS OF 5/1/1996:(my "official" list was lost in the flood,
so this list is not complete, but rather what I can pull off the top of
my head. If you are playing and are not on the list, pounce on me so I
can add you....sorry...)
Naked Angels(nc), The Rickets(or and wa), Deface(ca), Republic of Freedom
Fighters(bc), Riff Raff(ca), Pummeljerk(id), anti-man(tx), Portrait of
Poverty(wa),
Hilt(tx), Absence(mi), Apeface(ca), Terminal Disgust(tx), Orange 42(wa),
Flux of Disorder(co), Brother Inferior(ok), Submission Hold(Vancouver
BC), Defiance(or), Dystopia(ca), Whorehouse of Reps(wa), Resist and
Exist(ca), Divisia(ca), Bristle(wa), Decay(mi), working stiffs(ca),
Lowdowns(ca), Filthy drunks(ca), Rash of Beatings(ar), Free verse(ks),
Carsgetcrushed(ca), 4Q(or), The Fanatics(co), PayNeuter(az),
Christdriver(wa), ungrateful(ky), Pawn(oh), The Skandals(or), No
Class(wa), The Impossibles(az), Mickey and the Bigmouths(ca),
The Coathangerkids(ca), Fury 66(ca), SKAVEN(ca), Armistice(ca), Subject
Mad(az), Not My SON(tx&wa), LeadfootBroadcast(ca), Reform Control(co),
Shitbastard(az), Laughing Stock(ca), The Obliterated(or), Heckle(?),
Black Label(ca), The Readymen(or), Bob of Tribes(ok), Subincision(ca),
Static(ca), The Whatnots(ca), Subincision(ca) and Atomkinder(?)
there are probably 15 more I spaced, but you get the basic jist of it.

We also have workshops planned on subjects like Central american
Solidarity, Prison support, scams, EARTH FIRST!, The Chiapas Rebellion,
pressing records, silkscreening, stenciling, Food Not Bombs, pirate
radio, active resistance, veganism, copwatch, bike repair, internet
literacy, first aid, cultural defense, squatting, cheap travel, radical
resistance, homebrewing, and whatever else anyone wants to bring up at
the time...


There will also be men's and women's groups, as well as daily anarchist
discussion groups. Of course there will also be mass "shopping sprees",
punk soccer games, picnics, swimming, parties, and other fun things to do.


The gathering itself is totally free, although many of the shows will
have door prices to cover expenses(never more than $5, usually $2) and it
is entirely all ages.


We are suggesting that interested folks apply for food stamps here.
Besides needing only two pieces of id, you can get them in three days.
They are legal tender most everywhere in the city and come highly
reccomended by the locals.

Because of the size of Resist and Exist in relation to the city, housing
for everyone will be next to impossible to provide for everyone. However,
cheap motels and good places to camp abound, and, in addition, there
should be a tent city/@-zone established by the time R and E actually
rolls around. also, one of the wings of Eugene FNB has a big farm out in
the woods 30 miles south of town and they are more than willing to let
people stay out there.

WHAT TO BRING: Sleeping bag, other camping stuff you may want, records,
zines, patches, a bowl and spoon, t-shirts to screen on, your friends,
stencils, spray paint, a good attitude, screens, a big smile, books,and
whatever else you think you might possibly need. We are also in desperate
need of additional foodstuffs(rice, beans, produce, grains, etc) to feed
everyone, so any donations would be much appreciated.

HOW TO GET HERE:Eugene is right on I-5, smack dab an hour from the
Pacific and an hour from the mountains, easily accessible by car, bus,
train, or plane. Take exit 194-B off the 5. Then exit at Exit two,
following the signs to "downtown/U of O". Then exit at the 99W exit(which
will say "downtown/hult center". This will be 6th Ave. Take 6th about 13
blocks down to Blair Blvd and take a right(there's a 7-11 on the corner
of 6th and Blair). Three blocks down Blair on your left is Icky's
Teahouse, the central venue for the gathering. If you get lost, call
345-3019 for directions

OTHER THINGS YOU MIGHT WANT TO KNOW:

Oregon is one of the biggest environmental hotspots in the country, and
consequently, we have a very well developed Earth First! that would be
more than happy to have more people involved in their direct actions
against big corporations' attempts to rape the last stands of old growth
we have in this nation. If hanging out in the woods and smashing the
state and corporate rule sounds fun, there are daily shuttles up to the
action.

Please be respectful to the locals. Most of the people in the
neighborhood where this is gonna be held are poor, working class, and
generally super nice. If you want to get drunk and smash shit, do it
somewhere else(any local can point you in the right direction).

Please keep booze well away from our shows, 'cause one beer inside or in
the parking lot can get our venues shut down permanently. We will not
tolerate irresponsibility that threatens the viability of this gathering.

Please be nice and respectful to the people around you, 'cause we're all
here for the same reasons. If you wanna be a macho drunk fuck,
Lollapalloza is only a few hours away.


We always need help cooking, serving, and cleaning for Food Not Bombs.
Just ask us at the servings what you can do...

Hope to see you all in June!!!



For more info call the Antipathy Collective/Eugene Food not Bombs
@(541) 302-1838

or write:

POB 11703
Eugene, or 97440
tac@efn.org



Orange County/LA Peace Fest. July 3-7 in LA

Lots of bands and workshops and stuff. Should be fun. Call Frank @AGC
(213) 721-7395

RAinbow gathering in the Ozarks somewhere in Arkansas July 1-7. I haven't
a clue who to call 'bout this one, but tons of punks go to these...

Food Not Bombs int'l gathering in Atlanta July 19-Aug 4. lots of fun
stuff all centered around the olympics. e-mail for more info

Active Resistance Counter Convention Aug 21-31 call 312 278-0775





