Z A G I N F L A T C H    # 6,
a unique and interesting newsletter from the territory inhabited by southern
Slavs

PETITION FOR FREE ABORTION
Organized by several women's organizations, a petition to enable Croatian
women easier access to abortion was signed over 8000 during the first few
days it went out. This in a time when the Croatian Population ,Movement is
pushing hard for government demographic programs to repopulate Croatia with
Croatians. The breeding enthusiasts are pushing for unnatural and unhealthy
population growth. Beyond the state's demographic programs, they are
attempting to push through legislation against "Violent Breaking of Pregancy"
as the law is now called. The law would obligate women to pass several tests
and talks with pyschologists , doctors , social workers and clergy before
being legally able to undertake an abortion. Also the legal 15 weeks after
conception during which abortion is legal would be down to 10. Women are
portrayed by  state propaganda to be violent and murderers, which has a
strong impact on the way women are treated by society, pushing many into
illegal and dangerous ba!
ck alley style abortions. Killings of newborn children have increased in this
atmosphere. A strange and eerie example of this sort of maniacal power of
breeders could be made of a 12 year old girl who recently gave birth to a
child under close surveillance by state media who happily wrote her up as
shining example for other young women to take after. The Croatian Population
Movement other than being completely unecological, manipulative and
reminiscent of similar programs pushed by Hitler is rapidly posing a bigger
and bigger threat to women's control of their bodies and should be fought.
Contact B.a.b.e (Be Active Be Emancipated)Petreticev Trg 3, 10000 Zagreb
Croatia, e-mail : babe_zg@zamir-zg.ztn.apc.org



PROJECT PAKRAC is interested in collecting volunteers for work. Volunteers
would stay in Pakrac for three weeks and work on social and other
reconstruction. Most important are local volunteers who can speak some
english. Pakrac is a city which was badly destroyed by the war. It was split
in half with Croatians on one side and Serbians on the other until the recent
action dubbed "Flash" by the Croatian Army to regain territory in Western
Slavonia. 16.000 Serbs had lived in this region during Serbian military
occupation; during which time not many Croatians lived there. During the
first two days after "Flash" 12500 Serbs fled , 2500 chose UNPROFOR's (United
Nation Protection Force) advice to stay of which 100 - 150 of these are
leaving weekly. Presently somewhere between 1000 and 1500 are left in Western
Slavonia. 13000 Croats are registered to return to their previous homes which
they fled from during Serb occupation. Project Pakrac is being checked out by
Financial Police whic!
h possibly might not go so well. Get in touch: Project Pakrac, Hrv. Velikana
11, 43550 Pakrac, Croatia, tel/fax: + 385 43 83435. E-mail:
Pakrac_DA@Zamir-zg.ztn.apc.org  For more info contact:
goran.bozicevic@Zamir-zg.ztn.apc.org



SOROS FOUNDATION have been kicked out of Serbia. Their expulsion is
apparently based on accusations of working against Serbia. In Croatia, Soros
is also in bad standing with state officials in Croatia for helping fund free
press as well as many projects, organizations and individuals going against
the grain. Recently Soros put down the money for a record project "Over the
Walls of Nationalism and War" featuring bands from Serbia and Croatia.



MOBILIZATION IN SERBIA AND CROATIA
Serbs with connections to Croatia or BIH (Bosnia) in their papers have been
taken off the streets and checked to verify whether they can prove residency
in Serbia. Refugees or people having fled their home territories since the
war are mobilized to join Serb forces on the front lines in Krajina where
Serbian military is excepting Croatian attacks.

 In Croatia was mobilised more then 100.000 people in a few days. Usualy
military pigs are caming into houses in 4 AM. They gives 10 minutes for pick
up the things. Lots of people are sleeping into another places. There was
also lots of searching into the streets and apartments. Many of people
expecting a court punishment for they didn't bean at apartments when soldiers
are came.


ACTION WITH GREEN ACTION
In the first joint meeting with Green Action and ZAP, an action was planned
against the removal of several trees in a square in central Zagreb. We
decided to act fast, Green Action talked with the rest of their group and the
action went down beinning Saturday morning , May 21. After invading the
square between bulldozers digging up rubble, banners were hung between and on
trees with pictures and messages demanding the trees stay. A petition was
started revieving 700 signatures the first day, an info table set up and we
recieved much positive reaction from passer bys. Many people upon seing our
table were skeptical, appreciating our efforts but with the attitude that
"they'll cut them down anyway". We also were somewhat sceptical about the
results, but after more and more signatures and encouragement, a feeling of
success overcame us. We decided to climb the trees and squat them when the
tree killers showed up. Another day more people turned up, some bringing
trumpet, guitars a!
nd drums. The party had started. Some participants sectioned off the area
with paper bands marking it as a free zone for the endangered trees. All the
trees were given names. The protest went on for four days after which the
petition was handed in to the city now with 7000 signatures all collected at
one table. The city succumbed to our enormous pressure, changing the plans
for the square, only cutting down two sick trees, removing some saplings and
leaving the rest.
ZAP wants to build a better structure to mobilize people for similar actions
. We want to find people who will come to actions or demonstrations. To get
on our phone list for actions write ZAP or call 422 -495.
Last news: Bastards kill the trees after few months anyway. There was
response of the angry people who are permanently sabotage the equipment,
putting the sand into the fuel tanks, cut the electric instlations from the
bulldozer.



ANGRY PEOPLE BURN FERAL TRIBUNE
June 26th on Split's People's square unidentified people furiously burned
copies of Feral Tribune, a satyrical weekly critical of politics. Paper's
were stolen from Kiosks and snatched out of the hands of street vendors and
burnt in a ritual fashion. The day before it happened again , but in smaller
quantities. Police didn't react to the mailcious thievery, but the media
responded dutifully to the calls of the paper burners. Feral Tribune had
gotten tips that their paper was about to be shut down, already having been
subject to a ridiculous porn tax, a draft notice/hassle for the editor and
sevral court cases.



FIRST DIY NON PROFIT ANARCHO PUNK RECORD IN CROATIA
The bands Nula and Bijes Zdravog Razuma split LP and tape + booklet
First DIY independent vinyl release in this area. Musically , 46 minutes of
fast punk hardcore with hard riffs and yeah, sometimes it's melodic. Includes
a 32 (that's 23 backwards) page booklet including lyrics, thoughts, graphics
and photos. Get it from ZAP for $10 for the LP , the tape is $3 postage paid
outside of Croatia. (Inside Croataia they run 30 kuna LP, tape is 15 kuna +
postage) or from the band directly: Vedran Meniga, V. Ruzdijaka 8, 41000
Zagreb, Croatia



ACTION AGAINST CIRCUS EUROPA
Recently a Circus came to town with colorful clowns, circus tents and over
200 animals. Shortly before the Circus came to town, posters were sabotaged
with "CANCELLED" messages pasted over them. Also a flyer circulated titled
CIRCUS EUROPA - THE REAL TRUTH which condemned the use of imprisoned animals
for he use of entertainment using exceprts of the Jack London book Michael -
Jerry's Brother which discusses the cruelty involved in training circus
animals; also the leaflet encourages people to boycott Circuses and to
explain the cruelty animals suffer to children.



HOURS OF CHAOS IN VRAPCE June 10
A group of people broke into an empty restaurant, turned on the electricity
held a concert on the terrace to a turnout of about 70 people. A table with
fanzines was present. Bands who played included Zagreb's 5 Minutes to Steve,
Verbalni Delikt, and SKZ who had their first song interrupted by a sudden pig
presence. The police, however were cleverly convinced the organizers had the
necessary permits , permission for the show to continue till 11 was granted
and they took off thereafter. next played Javna Bruka, DobriCine and followed
by a chaotic spontaneous jam session. By 11.30PM people left contentedly.



BOSNIA IN BLOOD
Tragedy in Tuzla 25 of May - A shell hit the city of Tuzla and killed 70
young people, mostly celebrating the ex-Jugoslav Day of Youth also Tito's
birthday. Tuzla is surrounded by Serb forces , though it's possible to enter
and leave.
SARAJEVO - For over a thousand days Sarajevo has been under siege. Over
30,000 Muslim and Croatian soldiers have undergone maneuvers to break the
grip by Serb forces. Sarajevo is inhabited by around 400,000 people.
Humanitarian Aid has been blocked by Serb forces for around a few months now.
The city is shelled frequently. 10  people were killed while waiting in line
for water ne day, the next day 6 people in the same line were killed, next
day 6 continuing day by day. 29.08. from serbs granate 37 people was killed
and more then 80 are seriously wounded on the market-palce. One year before
on the same market-place were more than 60 people are kiled. Parts of the
town are under control by Serb forces matched with sniper fire from all
sides. Serb forces have the distinct advantage over Muslim forces wreapon
wise , having recently retaken their weapons previously under UN control. The
safety zone around sarajevo no longer exists. NATO has bombed Serb positions
several times. Serb!
 forces have captured 300 UNPROFOR soldiers who they use as human shields,
placing soldiers on possible NATO targets. UN , very worried about their
soldiers and America , very worried about an American pilot shot down.
Western propaganda has put these 300 UN soldiers and 1 American pilot in
front of hundreds of thousands of civilian women childrfen and men whjo die
daily and are constantly struggling to survive. Well fed UN soldiers are the
only "victims" which the west are worried about.
So far Sarajevo has seen 10,000 people dead of which 2000 are children.
Sarajevo has been under Siege for three and a half years (1200 days). A one
kilometer long and 1.5 meter high tunnel under the airport makes entering and
leaving the city occasionally posibble , providing you have the appropriate
papers and can afford the fees.
Other cities in Bosnia which are under total Siege include Srebrenica (pop.
40,000), Zepa (20,000), Gorazde(60,000), Bihac/Cazin western Bosnia
(200,000). Prices in these places are several times higher than western
Europe. In Bihac , for example, 50 kilos of flour costs 500 DM, 1 kilo of
sugar runs 22DM , 1 liter of cooking oil 45DM. A few days ago a few people
died of starvation, 1 of which is a three year old child weighing only 7
kilos. The Bihac needs 2000 tons of food a month to survive , but UNHCR (UN
High Commission for Refugees) can only provide a meager ten procent of this.
In Sarajevo cultural life has not died. The festival Sarajevska Zima
(Sarajevan Winter) is continuing despite the war. The alternative independent
radio station  Zid (Wall) also is continuing and helps many young bands.
Bands play around , but there are many problems obtaining equipment. Bands
active in Sarajevo : Sikter Band(rap core) , Beastly Stroke, Bed Bag, Protest
(HC), Grafit (alternative rock), Ornamenti, DNK, Moron Brothers, Green
Cheese, Cvrkut Lesinara, AP Sound(techno), Blago Ludima Blago Gluhima, Gnu
(punk rock), Pessimistic Lines(HC) and noise veterans SCH and Lezi Majmune.
Concerts are organized in fallout shelters. A compilation CD titled "ROCK
UNDER THE SIEGE" was put out January 95. Aside from ZID the station ISV works
on the paper LIBERO (an independent paper in the style of ARKzin) . The
International Peace Center is another group from Sarajevo who publish
Dialogue, the Publication for Philosophical Questions, as well as the English
language human rights ma!
gazine WHY. (fax: 387 71 663 626)
IN TUZLA , March of 94 a concert took place to a crowd featuring various
local hard core, metal and punk rock bands.
(new: both these two cities have fallen to Serb military since the starting
the translation of this article. There was a mass exodus to Tuzla from
Srebrenica which led through areas of fighting. Many were raped and-or killed
during this. From Zepa civilians and soldiers fled for cover of the nearby
hills. Currently there is a heated battle over Bihac which very possibly
could cause the war to erupt through all of Croatia)
RADIO SAIGON  radio_saigon@zamir-tz.ztn.apc.org
Last from Bosnia - Srebrenica and Zepa are in serbian army hands. There is a
possibility of mass killing of people. Bihac area are not under the siege
anymore.

PONIKVE CONCERT July 15
An open air concert took place in a field outside of Zagreb. The event
started with a clean up action of the surrounding forest at noon during which
two large trucks were filled to the brim with trash. When the show itself was
to begin rain interfered , delaying and adding much confusion,  also fucking
up the vegan food which was being prepared for bands and concertgoers. A
number of bands from around Croatia and Slovenia eventually played late into
the night. T-shirts , zines and tapes were sold.



NEW RELIGION AND ETHICS CLASSES IN HIGH SCHOOLS
Another success of the clergy since the Pope came to town and the
popularisation of church and church promoted laws are the new Ethics and
Religion classes which have become part of the high school curriculum. The
HDZ , the Christian Democratic oriented ruling party, has the parliament
majority and therefore the power to push through legislation which suits
their politics. Since the "moral" priorities have come to focus on wartime
atrocities and killing, a climate has been created which makes the creation
of these laws a relatively uncontroversial thing. When people are being
killed in war , how can one put their energy into fighting small things like
this, goes official and popular sentiment.



MCDONALDS
The Multi national burger vendor now has two new restaurants in the planning
stages. Besides Zagreb. now Split andVarazdin are looking at new restaurants
to be opened soon.

In Ljubliana Nazi skinheads attacked
American basketball players who were in town playing against a Slovene teams.
While walking through Ljubliana's main square the basketball players were
confronted by boneheads shouting racist abuse. One of them was hit in the
head by a skin during the confrontation. When the police intervened the
boneheads were checked for identification and released without hassles. The
American team broke off their tour of Slovenia.


AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL
The Croatian AI chapter have been collecting petitions , one against the
visit of the Indonesian President to Croatia (apparently both countries are
quite good friends). Banners and posters denounced Indonesia's massacres in
East Timor.  Although the action was refused a permit by police, AI went
ahead with it , but were driven away by pigs after a few hours. In the past ,
AI has organized press conferences, shown videos , organized forums ,
collected petitions and put out lots of written material on political
prisoners around the world. email: AMNESTYH_ZG@ZAMIR-ZG.ZTN.APC.ORG , or
snail mail c/o ARK



NEW FROM THE CROATIAN FANZINE MARKETPLACE
BOLAN #2 I MINORITY#1 (split fanzin) Jadranko Kerekovic, VeslaCka 14 b,
FECAL FORCES #4 & WARHEAD# 13(split fanzin) Goc i Kukac
I DON'T THINK SO #6/7, Dejan JeliCic, Vukovrska 1, 41312 Klostar Ivanic;
PIGVINOVE RUKE NA FOTOAPARATU#1,#2, Josip Mickovic, Krajiska 8, 10000
Zgb;P.S. NOTHING #3, Ivan MuCnjak, MarkusevCka 157, 10000 Zagreb; SPARK #3;
Aleksandar Hadzi-Veljkovic, Drziceva 64, 10000 Zagreb; P.S.NOTHING + SPARK,
#4 split zine; LUNATIC #1 + tape (No Coment, Why Stakla, Sumski, Zoambo Zoet
...); 20 kn + pp; Darko Prolic, VinkovaCka 53, 58000 Split. PINGVIN JE BIO
FRAJER #1 april 95, Romanijska 7/7, 18000 Nis, YU; KLAUSTROFOBIJA#3 Darko
Slivar,GotovCeva 8,58000
Split; IN MEDIAS RES #7, and INFINIT ONION and IN MEDIAS RES split fanzin;
Marko Strpic Rakusina 3, 10000 Zagreb



MOSTAR
We recieved a long fax from Mostar , a city split between Muslims and Croats
detailing the situation there. The Muslim side is completely devastated while
the Croatian side is nicely rebuilt with electricity and nice cars. Although
it's technically possible to visit either side , it's made difficult , both
sides being separated by a river with no bridge left standing. A copy of the
Croatian language fax is available upon request. It will appear in a future
issue of Comunitas.


E-MAIL SCHOOL
E mail has been a good source to communicate with areas in Serbia and Bosnia,
Serbia has no telephone connections with Croatia and mail is problematic.
Bosnia has a phone link to Croatia , though mail is equally a problem at
times. Local human rights computer nerds held a sort of succeful training
session for cybernewcomers.

COMUNITAS
Finally after two fucking years a new issue of Comunitas is out. Feel free to
send articles for future issues. Comunitas is a Croatian language magazine
published by ZAP with what one might call an anarchist slant. Also out is
Infinite Onion issue 11 which is a now traveling English language zine but is
also available from ZAP permanently.



MONTE PARADISO 28th and 29th of July in Pola is the name for the best
PunkRock concert which can be seen on this area. It goes every year, this was
the third time. Monteparadiso is a big castle with lots of space for
sleeping, infoshop, koncerts etc. People in Pola editing also zine, tapes and
video from and about this gathering.




YOUTH CLUB SHUT DOWN IN SIBENIK
The autonomous youth club MZ in Sibenik on the Croatian coast was shut down
by police . Shows can go on till 11.30PM and the club was fined for violating
this law. Once? How about 20 times, and to our knowledge not  paid the
bastards once.



SHORT PREVIEW OF THE SERBIAN SCENE


Kraljevo:
MORTUUS/Death-grind-core: Mikric Nikola, TopliCka 12, 36000 Kraljevo,YU.;
TOTALNI PROMASAJ/UK-C: Kasabasic Milan (Sime), Mkedonska 13, 36000 Kraljevo,
YU;
SEDATIV/punk-core: Cirovic Goran, Mila Marica7/4, 36000 KV;
SMUDOS, HOCU? NECU!: co Popadic, Rada Vilotijevica I/6, 36000 KV;
RADiO SUFFER/Jevremovic Miladin, Skopljanska 33,36000 KV

Smederevo:
ANARHIST/zine: Milan Djuric, Milosa Velikog 12/10,11300 Smederevo;
SKatezINE: Jeremic Mihajlo, Vuka Kradzica 6/12, 11300 SD, tel. 00
981-26-222-768;
RESUME TAPES/INNER StrUGGLe/Hol-C: Lazic Miroslav, Kradjordjeva 34/28, 11300
SD, 00 981-26-226-018

LuCani :
HARD TO THE CORE/zine: Jankovic Dejan, JNA 14/12,32240 LUCANI;
APOLONIA/hard-rock: Spasojevic Radovan, JNA bb, 32240 LuC;
SUNBURN/hc : Glisovic Zoran, Omladinska 2/a, 32240 LuC.
U.K. (Ubudjali Klitoris)/noise-fun;
ODJEK/anarchist group (discussion, communication and small actions);
BUDI SVOJ (MEJNSTRIM)/ zine: Mijailovic Milan Omladinska 2/c, 32240 LuCani

Kragujevac:
JOHANBEEN/alter-noise : Kita, tel.00-981-11-339-693, 00-981-34-216-104;
BOMBASKI PROCES/HC: Marko, 00-981-34-212-408;
ALAN FORD/punk: Karis,  00-981-34-510-306;
BONG/garage: Gotivac, 00-981-34-65-782;
PROPAGANDA/alter;
DEAD JOKER/death: Miki,  00-981-34-211-687;
ZVONCEKOVE BILJEZNICE; TRULA KOALICIJA: kontakt Vuja;
KBO/punk-HC Cesnjak/rec. studio, Vujic Sasa - Vuja, Svetozara Markovica 47,
34000 Kg. tel.  00-981-34-47-979

Sombor:
SEX COMPLEX after PSIHOFONIJA/punk-HC;
OGINO KNAUS/punk;
IGRA MLADOSTI/alter;
PROVOKATOR/grind, fuck-shit noise;
TORMENT/death;
ANTI-TALENTI/punk;
NEM' POJMA/punk;
AGITATOR/hc;
FANTESTIC KISELI BEND/jazz-alter;
SUBHUMANS/zine;
A in YU/zine;
FORMALIN/zine-
kontakt VujCic Ljubomir, Prizrenska 20, 25000 Sombor



Macedonian Anarchist Federation has organized grafiti, pamphlets . They've
established contacts with underground radio station Kanal 103. Also produced
2 shows (Dosie and Gerilla)  aired on 2 independent television stations. They
can air just about anything without risk of censorship and are in need of
materials to air. They also produce the fanzine Terorist (Bartling Andrej,
Ul. Volgogradska 2/4-7, 91000 Skopje , Macedonia) in English as well Factory
Smog Is A Sign Of Progress (Cvetkoski Ile , Ul. Egejska Br. 40 , 97500 Prilep
, Macedonia). Bands in Macedonia include New Police State (NPS, Kostovski
BorCe , Ul. Borkatalevski 603/4, 91000 Skopje, Macedonia) ,Brigade OD (Darko
Blazo OrlandiC , 4 B 91000 Skopje) and Morbid Joker (no address).

Prison Riot in Macedonia
Around 400 prisoners built barricades, liberating one part of the prison.
Holding out for four days without food or water, the prisoners hung banners
demanding better conditions in the old and detriorating prison. Approximately
1000 special police units attacked unarmed prisoners and beat many heavily in
front of TV cameras. Little is known about this here , though foreign
stations broadcast coverage of the brutality. Lots of them were wounded, some
hospitalized and one prisoner had their spine broken by pigs.




Ethnic cleaning with the "STORM"
Statement from Anti-war campaign concerning military action "storm"

The chance of peaceful reintegration involving the inhabitants of former
"Krajina" has been lost. The concept of an ethnically clean state, whit which
the conquest of some parts of Croatia was heralded, is now turned into a
completed reality from the Croatian side, through military action the
Croatian Army has estabilished an ethnically cleansed stste on nearly the
whole of the territory. This military action "Storm" formed the preconditions
for the return of a few hundert thousands displaced Croats to their homes,
their four years long suffering nearing an end. The action however included
Croatian citizens of Serbian nationality only in the sens of securing their
evacuation. From 1991 till now more then 70% of Serbs have left Croatia.
As the last Serbs are leaving "Krajina" the counter brunt has already begun -
the expulsion of Croats from Vojvodina and Bosnia - 30.000 are expected to
leave during the next months. The expulsion of Serbs from Croatia is
inseparably linked to the expulsion of Muslims and Croats from Bosnia.
Because of the four years of war in Bosnia and Croatia hundreds of thousands
of people have been killed, 4 million have been expelled, material and
cultural wealth has been destroyed and the feling of security whithin our
multinational community has been shattered.The war conducted here,has taught
people that there is no other solution save flight.We are standing at a
decisive point in the war.After the military success by Croatia the
establishment of other ethnically cleansed states wiill follow.This does not
help create a lasting and just peace, but contributes to greater political
instability.
Even if they do not share responsibility for the beginning of the war, all
the sides involved in the conflict share responsibility for its results -
ethnic cleansing.This includes the so called mediators - the international
institutions and world powers.As usual world powers stand on the side of the
more powerful.When Serbia was stronger they supported their actions.When
Croatia is stronger they support theirs.
Croatian citizens have to accept shared responsibility for the tragedy.All of
us have the responsibitiy to ensure for everybody in this country security
and human rights,in order to prevent the formation of an ethnically
"cleansed" and intolerant state.We do not want to be privileged because we
are born as Croats.
That is why during the "victory celebration" we want to give the reminder
that in the past the record of this state is that it has not even been able
to control its armed representatives from comitting violence and violating
the rights of citizens in peaceful times.
We protest that during the action in "Krajina" representatives of
international institutions, media and observers had their freedom of movement
restricted.Croatian authorities therefore can not be freed from the suspicion
that they tolerated or did nothing to prevent the looting and burning of
houses of fleeing civilians.
The declared will of Croatian authorities in accepting Croatian citizens of
Serbian nationality from "Krajina" will be taken seriously only if programs
for the return of refugees are presented and implemented, as was promised in
Western Slavonia.
It is both necessary and an obligation for the Croatian authorities and
international organisations to ensure the permanent presence of international
institutions as monitors and active creators - in planning, financing and
implementing return programs and following the human rights situation in all
parts of Croatia.
Peace organisations gathered in the Antiwar Campaign Croatia will continue
contributing to social and material reconstruction, supporting the return of
displaced people and refugees and the establishing of international and
intereligious tolerance in the republic of Croatia and in the wider Balkan
region.

Antiwar Campaign Croatia, The netvork of pece nd womens organization, humn
rights protection grups, civic iniciatives and projects.


We still need your help in distributing and coping tis newsletter-we are not
that rich to do it on our own. There's no need to send any money for this but
please make copies and spred it or use informations from it for your
publictions.Thanks!

July/August 1995.

ZAGINFLATCH / NECEMO  I  NEDAMO
TkalCiceva 38, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.
E-mail ZAP_ZG@zamir-zg.ztn.apc.org

tel. +385 1/ 422-495, fax +385 1/ 271-143, +385 1/ 335 230


***************************************
       Anarhija je Sloboda
Z A P / Zagrebacki Anarhisticki Pokret
      / Zagreb Anarchist Movement
Tkalciceva 38, 10000 Zagreb, Croatia.
tel ++385 01 422495,
fax ++385 01 271143.
****************************************
