The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

BELGIUM

 The visit to our country of Pope John-Paul II next May will  not
be greeted unanimously, far from it.
 The influence of the pope on opinions and social practices seems
extremely  dangerous to some, in particular the ideas and slogans
he  wheels  out  on  matters  sexual  and  contraceptive   (total
condemnation of the later despite the AIDS epidemic).
 That is why voices in opposition, individuals  and  associations
have united into the Group for People's Autonomy.
 For the occasion of the papal visit four  associations,  members
of  the  Group  (Alternative  Libertaire,  Act  Up-Brussells, The
Cercle du Libre Examen (Brussells) and the  Association  for  Art
and Free Expression of Toulouse) have published and circulated to
several  thousand  people  a  humourous  poster  calling  for  an
effective fight against AIDS. The poster carries a picture of JP2
kissing the ground and with the  caption  'Use  a  condom  not  a
skullcap  to  fight  aids'  (only slightly more funny in French -
trans.) and the addresses of the signatories.
 Last January, it would seem that the poster was stuck up  inside
as  well  as  outside  the premises of  the nunciatory in Woluwe-
saint-Pierre.
 It would have to be said that M. Boccardi,  first  secretary  to
the nuncio, didn't see the joke, and made a complaint against the
editor responsible, Roger Nel  -  alias  Babar  -  for  'symbolic
defamation of a head of state'
 Babar had a hearing on Tuesday 14th  March  at  a  cop  shop  in
Brussells.  We  await  to  see if the complaint will be upheld...
Alternative Libertaire,
 Act Up-Brussells, The Cercle du  Libre  Examen  (Brussells)  the
Association  for  Art  and  Free  Expression of Toulouse Le Monde
Libertaire 30/3/94

ALTERNATIVE LIBERTAIRE

  Babar, mentioned in  the  above  article,  has  helped  in  the
creation  of  Alternative  Libertaire,  a  journal  of debate and
conviction since the 70s. The paper aims to  bring  together  all
those  proposing  an anlysis of the new social questions within a
Belgian  framework  where  the  anarchist  movement  was   poorly
represented  and  organised.  Since  its beginnings the paper has
provided a unifying focus point for the anarchist  movement..  In
1977,  Babar was at the head of an initiative made by the Belgian
Free Radio movement which culminated in the setting up  of  Radio
Air  Libre  in  Brussells which started clandestine broadcasts in
1978.
 From 5th July to 25th October 1982, Babar  was  in  Jaruzelski's
Polish  jails  for  having smuggled in radio transmitters for the
opposition movement. He was only freed  thanks  to  a  solidarity
campaign in Belgium and elsewhere...

Bertrand Dekoninck LML 30/3/94




