
KIERAN KNUTSON'S TRIAL DELAYED FOR FIFTH TIME

The trial of longtime Twin Cities anti-racist activist Kieran Frazier 
Knutson, accused of two felony accounts and facing up to ten years in 
prison and $20,000 in fines for an incident in which he defended himself 
from a neo-nazi, has been delayed yet again.  The new trial date, the sixth, 
is January 30, 1995.

The reason for the delay is the same as the last three delays:  evidence the 
prosecution thinks is vital for its case against Kieran is still delayed in 
court.

Two of the prosecution's subpoenas that are being challenged in court, both 
by the University of Minnesota student newspaper The Minnesota Daily.  In 
one subpoena, the prosecution is trying to get a former Daily reporter to 
testify against Kieran.  The reporter, Jesse Rosen, covered the October 22, 
1993 anti-racist demonstration where, six weeks later, Kieran was charged 
with assaulting a neo-nazi.  Rosen has so far refused to accept the 
subpoena.  The Daily lawyers who are defending Rosen argue that he is exempt 
from testifying because of Minnesota's Shield Laws, which supposedly protect 
journalists from testifying in court for events they covered.  However, the 
Minnesota State Court of Appeals recently ruled that Rosen is not covered by 
the Shield Laws because he gave a statement to the police two weeks after 
the demonstration.  The Daily has 30 days to decide whether or not to appeal 
the decision to the State Supreme Court.  Although the Daily swore to take 
this case "all the way to the Supreme Court if necessary" a few months ago, 
they have not yet filed an appeal and will only tell the Minneapolis 
Anti-Fascist Defense Committee (the support group for Kieran) that they 
"haven't decided yet" whether or not they'll appeal.

In the second subpoena, the prosecution is attempting to get from the Daily 
unpublished photographs of the demonstration to use against Kieran.  The 
Daily has so far refused to hand over the photographs.  This case was heard 
in the State Court of Appeals on November 29 (the same day Kieran's trial 
was supposed to begin), but the judges have 60 days to make a decision.  In 
the past, decisions about these subpoenas have taken 45-60 days. 

The Anti-Fascist Defense Committee, a non-partisan group created to support 
Kieran politically, have expressed support for the Daily, not for the 
Daily's politics (it is a weak center-liberal student paper) and not because 
they fear the photos or reporter's testimony will hurt Kieran's case.  
Kieran acted in self-defense, and no photos or testimony will refute that.  
However, we agree with the Daily that this case could set a dangerous 
precedent: if the prosecution wins, any time the state wants to, they can 
get a photograph from anyone's camera, press photographer or bystander; or 
they can force a reporter to testify in any case they want.  This will 
effectively make journalists an arm of the state in the state's unjust and 
racist "war on crime."  

The AFDC also believes the prosecution's desperate attempts to get evidence 
against Kieran proves the political motivations behind the trial.  Militant 
anti-racist demonstrations and organizations at the University of Minnesota 
challenge the squeaky-clean liberal reputation of the University (and 
Minnesota) as a place for the free exchange of ideas and in which hateful 
ideas or organizations do not have any social power. After the October 22 
demo, the state found a scapegoat in Kieran, whose name was provided by the 
nazis he defended himself against that night.  The nazis, Daniel Simmer and 
Amy Foreman, were released that night and are not being prosecuted, despite 
the fact that police found brass knuckles (an illegal weapon) in Simmer's 
possession that night.  Six weeks later, Kieran was charged.  His plea 
bargain was ridiculous (six months in the workhouse), forcing a trial.  
This,the delays, and the desperate attempts for evidence show that not only 
is the prosecution scrambling to make a credible case, they are also trying 
to suppress a militant anti-racist movement, on campus and elsewhere in the 
Twin Cities, by forcing activists to spend their time defending Kieran 
instead of organizing.    

The original trial date was April 12.  It was delayed by the 
prosecution due to "scheduling conflicts."  The next date, June 20, 
was also delayed. The third,fourth and fifth dates, August 2nd, October 3rd, 
and November 29, respectively, were delayed at the prosecution's request.
  
The appeals over evidence could force the trial to get delayed for a sixth 
time; however, Kieran's lawyer Keith Ellison from the Legal Rights Center 
believes there is a good chance the trial will actually take place in 
January.  The AFDC will be planning variou actions in support of Kieran and 
to put pressure on the County Attorney's office (the prosecution).  We will 
keep you informed of specific actions you can help with.

The courtroom was literally packed with Kieran supporters on November 29, as 
it has been for every trial date.  The AFDC organized to pack the courtrooms 
and gave everyone "Fight Racism" buttons to signify support for Kieran.  
They also organized security for the event.  No nazis or nazi sympathizers 
showed up.  

We will need people to pack the courtrooms for January 30.  If 
you can make it, please get in touch so I can arrange housing for you.  

If you cannot make the trial, we could still use your support.  
Please continue to send petitions, letters, and postcards to the 
Hennepin County Attorney Mike Freeman's office, demanding that all 
charges against Kieran be dropped.  Also, keep on calling their 
office and making the same demands.  Ask to speak to Mike Freeman. 
[phone number and address listed below.]

Also, the AFDC could use financial support.  We have been organizing 
around this since January 1994 (we thought it would be all over in 
April!), and our finances have been getting stretched tighter and 
tighter with each trial delay.  Make checks payable to "Love and Rage 
Supporters."  Thanks.  

If you would like any information on the details of the case, please 
do not hesitate to write.  

Thanks for your support; the AFDC and Kieran really appreciate it.

Fight Racism,

joel for the AFDC

Anti-Fascist Defense Committee
PO Box 7075
Mpls, MN 55407
jolson@polisci.umn.edu

County Attorney Mike Freeman
C2000 Hennepin County Govt. Center
300 S. 6th St.
Minneapolis, MN  55415
(612) 348-5550



