The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

ANARCHIST OPPOSITION IN THE NEW YUGOSLAVIA

For about five months now several Serbian cities  have  seen  the
emmergence  of  young  people  turning to anarchist traditions of
cultural and social action. In December last  year  the  town  of
Smedereska Palanka saw the formation of CRNI GAVRAN (Black Raven)
whose appeal we publish below. January this year saw the  TORNADO
group  being formed in Smederevo. More groups are being formed in
Luciani, Kovin, Sombor and even Belgrade. These groups are  in  a
process  of  self-education  and self-preparation. They could use
our help...

We are a group  of  young  libertarian  persons.  Our  group  was
constituted  in  December  93  with  the aim of showing people an
alternative way of life in authentic liberty. CRNI  GAVRAN  is  a
social  subject:  it  is  neither a party nor an organisation. We
have no fixed programme to tell the people what to do and how  to
behave  because  we are not an authoritarian organisation. We aim
to strengthen human aspirations  to  self-organisation,  to  help
people  to  organise  as social registers. Modus operandi: we are
firmly opposed to any form of violence. To us, the state  is  the
origin  of violence, and violence cannot be defeated by violence.
We are aware that there is no basis as yet for  a  social  revolt
leading  to  a  free  life,  with no government and no authority.
Therefore our activity will be limited for the  present  time  to
information  and  education. Love is our weapon! Knowledge is our
instrument!

How to help us

In the first place we badly need anarchist litterature. During 45
years  of  Marxist  Communist  domination,  no attention has been
given to anarchism. We need books that we  can  translate,  print
and  sell  or  distribute  to  the people, including books of any
anarchist theorist who wishes his work to be published  in  these
areas.  We  have decided to print our own paper. At first it will
be in English, with articles on the situation in  Yugoslavia;  we
would  be  happy  to  publish  it  monthly.  First thing, we need
distributors all the world over prepared to help us. You can help
us  by  writing  support  letters, to let us know that we are not
alone and that what we are doing is not wrong. You  can  help  by
telling  us  your  ideas and experiences, and also criticising us
when we write anything 'silly'.

Contact: CRNI GAVRAN, c/o DRAGAN  MARKOVIC  Filipa  Visnjica  10,
11420 SMED, Palanka, Jugoslavia.  Fax: 00381 - 31036










