	  INDUSTRIAL UNIONS in the IWW

     These are the Industrial Unions (IU) and Departments in the
     IWW.  This chart helps
to visualize the practical method for all workers of the world, of
all occupations, to unite into one great organization of the
working class.
     The IWW is more than a simple federation of Industrial
Unions.  All are members of, and participate directly in the mass
organization. Within this One Big Union, workers are grouped
according to the affinity which arises from having a common
industry and common workplace. In all cases the dividing lines are
based on what is most practical. Members can transfer freely from
one IU to another when they change jobs. Many people work in more
than one industry at the same time.
     The Job Shop or local General Membership Branch is free to
make its own decisions and bylaws, as long as these do not
conflict with rules made by the IU or the IWW. The Industrial
Union is free to make its own decisions and bylaws, provided they
do not violate the IWW constitution.

 100    Dept. of Agriculture and Fisheries
    IU 110  Agriculture Workers
		  farms, ranches, orchards, & plantations
    IU 120  Forestry Workers
		  logging, lumber milling, harvesting of bark,
		  sap, forest herbs and plant products, trapping
		  and hunting, arboriculture, silviculture,
		  foresters and forest stewards.
    IU 130  Fishery & Aquatic Workers
		  fishing, shellfishing, pearl coral & sponge
		  harvesting, hatcheries, divers, water research &
		  conservation
    IU 140  Horticulture Workers
		  nurseries, flower growing & arranging, gardens,
		  greenhouses, silk cultivation, floral essence
		  products

 200    Dept. of Mining and Minerals
    IU 210  Metal Mine Workers
		  metal and mineral mines, refineries, ore
		  smelters, metal mills, stone and rock quarries,
		  crystals & gems
    IU 220  Coal Mine Workers
		  coal, coke, briquets
    IU 230  Oil Workers
		  oil and gas fields, refining and processing

 300     Dept. of General Construction
    IU 310  Way and Viaduct Construction Workers
		  construction and repair of docks, railroads,
		  highways, streets, bridges, tunnels, sewers,
		  subways, canals, pipelines, irrigation systems
    IU 320  Ship Builders
		  building and repair of ships, boats, harbor
		  craft drydock workers
    IU 330  Building Construction Workers
		  construction and repair of houses and buildings

 400      Dept. of Manufacture and General Production
    IU 410  Textile and Clothing Workers
		  producing cloth from natural or synthetic
		  fibers, assembly of clothing
    IU 420   Furniture & Wood Workers
		  making furniture and wooden articles
    IU 430   Chemical Workers
		  producing drugs, paint, rubber, plastic,
		  explosives, synthetic fiber, cosmetics
    IU 440   Metal and Machine Workers
		  rolling mills, making machinery, motor vehicles,
		  engines, locomotives, bicycles, air and space
		  craft, instruments, tools, jewellry and watches
    IU 450    Printing and Publishing Workers
		  producing printed matter, desktop publishers,
		  writers
    IU 460    Food Processing Workers
		  flour mills, canneries, beverages, breweries,
		  herb and spice products, frozen foods, dairies,
		  fruit drying
    IU 470    Leather Workers
		  shoes, luggage, tack and harness makers,
		  tanneries
    IU 480    Glass and Ceramic Workers
		  glass, chinaware, pottery, tiles, bricks,
		  microchips
    IU 490    Paper Workers
		  pulp and paper mills, paper and cardboard
		  products

 500     Dept of Transportation and Communication
    IU 510    Marine Transport Workers
		  crews of ships, barges, tugboats, ferries,
		  freight handlers and workers in docks and
		  passenger terminals
    IU 520    Rail Workers
		  long distance rail freight and passenger trains,
		  repairing locomotives cars and rails, workers in
		  freight and passenger depots
    IU 530    Motor Transport Workers
		  long distance trucking, bus drivers, workers in
		  freight warehouses and bus terminals
    IU 540     Municipal Transport Workers
		  all workers in short distance transportation
    IU 550     Air Transport Workers
		  flight crews, airport workers
    IU 560     Communications Workers
		  telephone, telegraph, radio, television
    IU 570     Electronic Data Workers
		  computer information storage and retrieval,
		  electronic communications

 600    Dept. of Public Service
    IU 610     Health Care Workers
		  hopital and clinic staff, doctors and nurses,
		  therapists, holistic healers
    IU 620     Education Workers
		  teachers, tutors, students, school staff,
		  daycare workers
    IU 630     Entertainment and Cultural Workers
		  musicians, performers, theatre workers,
		  nightclubs, amusement galleries, arcades and
		  parks, artists, playgrounds, circuses,
		  campgrounds, sports and recreation facilities
    IU 640     Restaurant, Hotel, and Building Service Workers
		  kitchen, dining, room service, cleaning staff
    IU 650     Street and Highway Maintenance Workers
		  maintaining sidewalks, streets, roads, traffic
		  control, parking lots and meters
    IU 660     General Distribution Workers
		  wholesale and retail distribution facilities,
		  buyer co-ops
    IU 670     Public Service Workers
		  public service departments, agencies, and
		  institutions, museums, libraries, security
    IU 680     Home Service Workers
		  housekeepers, household workers, nannies,
		  interior decorators
    IU 690     Sex Trade Workers
		  erotic services

     TAKE YOUR PLACE IN THE INDUSTRIAL UNIONS TODAY - JOIN THE IWW
  IWW General Headquarters, 1095 Market St. #204, San Francisco CA
  94103 (415) 863-WOBS        E-mail:  iww@igc.apc.org

