TOP TEN WARNING SIGNS OF WHAT IS CALLED "NORMAL"  

by Janet Foner
Support Coalition co-coordinator & psychiatric survivor

10. COOL: You're cool, you hold everything in and always put "a 
good face on it" -- you never cry or laugh much, or show emotion 
in any way, certainly not in public. Your psychiatric label is 
"tearlessnicity."
 
9. SERIOUS: You always do the proper thing -- never anything 
unusual, playful, spontaneous, "different," wild, or creative, if 
you can help it. You believe playing and being silly is beneath 
your dignity and only for children. You have a psychiatric label 
of "stiff upper lippity." 
 
8. NICE: You always act nice even if you can't stand the person 
to whom you're talking. You never say what you're really 
thinking. Your diagnosis: "inappropriate smiling."
 
7. ALWAYS RIGHT: You always do everything right -- wear the 
"right clothes," say the "right thing," associate only with the 
"right people"-- you know there is only one right way, and it's 
your way. You are diagnosed as "conformity prone."
 
6. BORING: Your conversations, life and living space are dull 
and boring, and your lawn is always manicured no matter what. In 
the more advanced stages you have much inner "lifelessness" and 
"flat affect" -- in other words, you are one of the "walking 
dead." Your psychiatric label is "hyperinactivity."
 
5. OBEDIENT: You always try not to offend anyone, especially 
those in authority -- your security seems to depend on that. So 
therefore you are willing to put expediency ahead of principles. 
Your psychiatric label is "adjustment prone/adjustment reaction."
 
4. GULLIBLE: You believe that the doctor always knows best, that 
the media is telling the truth (major newspapers always print the 
facts, right?), and that the medical model of "mental illness" 
has been proven scientifically. Your diagnosis is "normal naivete 
disorder."
 
3. AVOID FEELINGS: You are out of touch with yourself, with the 
natural world, and with what is going on with other people. It 
has become too hard to face how others are being oppressed, so 
you choose a more comfortable path. TV starts to look very, very 
good. You are labelled with "severe blinderitis."
 
2. DON'T TRUST YOURSELF: You learned in school that it's 
important to always pay attention to those in charge and not to 
trust your own thinking. You learned to "play the game," and you 
are still doing that. You believe your own lies. You have an 
advanced case of "schoolmania," which, if not stopped in its 
early stages can lead to severe overwork and, in advanced stages, 
"corporate asskissingitis." 
 
1. INDOORISM: You lost touch with the wildness in nature. You do 
not rebel against ecological destruction. Label: "Tame."

DON'T PANIC! 

If you have two or more of these signs, within any lunar cycle, 
you probably only have "residual normality." No case of 100% 
normality has ever been discovered. So it's not too late! Join 
SCI, read Dendron News, support one another, get out into nature, 
and especially take action to stop psychiatric oppression before 
serious persistent "normality" sets in. 
 
Heal Normality Naturally!

Join the Heal Normality campaign! SUBSCRIBE to the free HEALNORM 
mailing list. Here's how:

Send e-mail to "majordomo@efn.org" with just the words "subscribe 
HEALNORM" in the message body.

Snail-mail: Support Coalition / POB 11284 / Eugene, OR 97440-3484 
U.S.A. Membership is at least $15. Sample $2. Add extra if 
outside U.S.A.

NORMALS ARE DESTROYING EARTH!
 
 



