ANARCHYINALBION? -  Frater Nexhagus XXIII - part 2 of 4

The I.O.D helped to herald in the Season of Grummet (Season of 
Aftermath) which started on the 20th of October 5994AM and ended 
on the 31st of December 5994AM. As already stated the age of 
Grummet always begins with an upsurge of magickians, hoaxers, 
Yippies, Kabouters, shamans, clowns, and other Eristic forces. 
After the age of Grummet has passed, all authority collapses 
entirely, but then the calendar`s cycle repeats itself... unless 
it can be bypassed via the current ov Chaos.

[Therefore, the first magickal action to prevent this from 
occurring was initiated by the I.O.D on the 1st of January 1995 
(1st of Chaos 5995AM) when in conjunction with the K FOUNDATION 
and other unknown forces they organised a celebratory rave at 
Buckingham Palace.]

The morning before the 23rd the clocks shifted one hour precisely 
according to the Greenwich Meridian. The great bell known as `Big 
Ben' which is housed in the Albert Tower at the North West face 
of The Palace of Westminster was adjusted to accommodate this 
annual event to mark the Autumnal Equinox, thereby marking the 
end of British Summer Time. [Unnerving time-shifting experiences 
at Westminster on this date have already been reported - see 
HX!#4]. Greenwich Mean Time (which dictates the regulation of the 
principal clocks in London at the Stock Exchange and Big Ben) and 
also Universal Time (dispensed from Greenwich until fairly 
recently, when it was decided to send the time signal direct from 
France!?!) Domestic time-signals in Britain are still dominated 
by the `Six-Pips' (originally `Five-Pips') which replaced the 
familiar chimes of Big Ben when first introduced to signal the 
end of 1923. GMT the standard single prime meridian for all 
nations was adopted on the 22/10/1884 at Washington D.C (a city 
whose structure is built on a Masonic framework). Based on a 
solar day, it was gradually replaced by Universal Time; the basis 
of the time employed for both domestic and scientific purposes 
all over the world. 177 years earlier on the same day, the task 
of `finding the longitude' was sought after a disastrous accident 
at sea in the Scilly Isles on the 22/10/1707 when 3 ships 
containing 1,200 men sank, leaving only one body that could be 
retrieved (which now lies in one of the largest and ugliest tombs 
in Westminster Abbey). Two other ships also struck rocks there 
that day, but managed to sail away. However, later one of them 
became badly holed and sank, leaving only 23 survivors. No 
records of the Board of Longitude has survived, the earliest 
meeting for which minutes exist being 23 years after its 
establishment.

An astounding body of research work has already been conducted by 
the London Psychogeographical Association, who have disclosed 
information regarding the ley-line links to the Royal Observatory 
at Greenwich and the formation of the Isle of dogs into being the 
Omphalos of the British Empire. A multitude of other persons have 
also realized the significance of this area, such as The Temple 
of Isis, who attempted to turn Canary Wharf into a Temple. 
Needless to say, the Establishment quickly turned down their 
offers and thwarted any other occult groups from taking control 
over the metropolis from this prime location. At the present time 
the British Nationalist Party have been attempting to use their 
amateur Nazi mind-control techniques in order to impose order and 
rule Britannia. However, compared to the powerful Adepts who run 
the British Establishment, the more they proceed with their 
occult nightmare of ritualistic sadism, the more they become 
victims of Masonic mind-control. Due to the evil experiments of 
these misguided descendents of the Freemasonic Fraternity, the 
Island is being used as a crucible of sadistic social 
engineering. The role of race riots as a tool to support the 
decadent Masonic system is already in force. Across the river, 
Greenwich now holds the record for the highest number of racist 
attacks in Britain. And by the end of September 5994 A.M, a total 
of eight national newspapers were being produced from the Canary 
Wharf Tower situated in London`s decaying and decrepit Docklands. 
Totalling over 1,000 journalists ensconced the tower. [Further 
information regarding the occult history of Canary Wharf can be 
found in the Newsletters of the LPA (available from Box 15, 138 
Kingsland High Street, London. E8 2NS)

WHY INCORPORATE ALEVITATIONINTO THISRITUAL?
A levitation is connected with `the number of coincidence` as 
Isaac Newton was 23 years old and a student at Cambridge (where 
the LPA also have a unit) when he witnessed an orblike apple fall 
down to the earth (probably thrown by Eris). Albert Tower where 
the great bell Big Ben is housed also has a clock face 23ft in 
diameter. (The huge wooden beam from which this bell hangs comes 
from the Welsh town of Aberhonddu - one of the last places in 
Britain to be converted to Greenwich Mean Time). Also it is 
highly significant that an anagram of ERIS = RISE. (No more than 
23 different words can be constructed from the combination of 
these letters... SIRE!)

[Newton`s mathematics provided a wealth of data from which 
Astronomers at Greenwich based their calculations concerning the 
cosmos. Edmond Halley (who discovered the comet) when holding the 
title of Astronomer Royal at Greenwich in 1723 discovered that 
every 18 years 11.3 days, the so-called eclipse or Saros cycle of 
223 lunations (intervals between New Moons), the motions of the 
Moon relative to those of the Sun repeat themselves. Therefore, 
for the next 18 years he measured these 223 lunations in order to 
predict the Moon`s positions at Longitude Zero.]

On the 23/10/1882 the American state Department dispatched a 
circular letter to all their representatives abroad asking for 
their opinions on an international conference to discuss the 
foundation of a common Prime Meridian for time and longitude 
throughout the world. Just under two years later, on 22/10/1884, 
Greenwich was chosen due to having the highest percentage of 
ships passing by using its calculations. The proposal for the 
adoption of an universal day resulted in the resolution being 
accepted by 23 to nil, Germany and San Domingo abstaining. 
(Alternative suggestions for siting the Prime Meridian were the 
Great Pyramid and the Temple of Jerusalem). A global time-zone 
system (International/Universal Time) with Greenwich as its 
centre began in 1884.  [Previously, the difference between London 
(St. Paul`s) and Greenwich time was 23 seconds (slow) before GMT 
came into existence.] Britain`s time-signals now no longer 
emanate from Greenwich, but from Paris (the Eiffel Tower began 
the regular transmission of time-signals on 23/5/1910). 

A significant shift in the bourgeoisie`s organisation of Time & 
Space was expected to occur shortly after the ritual. The full 
ramifications of this magickal manipulation have yet to be fully 
realised, but it is likely that the intended effects (and 
possible side-effects) will soon start to affect us all by the 
onset of the Millennium.

Many events are historically connected with the date of the 
levitation. Many of these significant dates relate to battles; 
the Battle of Edgehill, Warwickshire 23/10/1643, and 300 years 
later to the day, the Battle of El Alamein occurred. On this day 
in 1707, the first Parliament of Great Britain (excluding 
Ireland) sat in Westminster. The new Parliament incorporated 
Scotland for the first time. [To those interested in 
Football/Occult theories it is also interesting to note that 
Pele, the Brazilian footballer was born on this date in 1940 and 
was also involved in a war-film `Escape to Victory` which brings 
us to an interesting strange-loop concerning occult battles 
connected with this date.]

The government ended their recess and commenced parliamentary 
proceedings on the 17/10/94. Although this then meant that it was 
too late to disrupt the annual ceremonial opening, it also meant 
that the usual heavy presence of security forces was caught 
totally unawares and were unable to prevent the levitation from 
taking place. 

A year previous to the `levitation' at Westminster, an act of 
levitation by the Neoist Alliance in Brighton, was almost 
thwarted by members of Thee Temple Ov Psychick Youth, who 
employed a secret anti-levitational technique. At the time it was 
feared that the Neoists might have created a negative vortex 
which would create serious damage to the ozone layer. [The I.O.D 
were also concerned that the Ozone layer might be irreparably 
damaged should the baroque building of political pollution rise 
into the putrefied air and took sufficient precautions to prevent 
the occurence of these poisons contaminating the populace]. In 
fact, many reports suggested that chairs inside the auditorium 
were visibly shaken by the experience and started to rise, even 
if the building stayed on terra firma. T.O.P.Y warned the public 
in a leaflet entitled "Keeping Buildings On The Ground (and not 
floating above our heads)" and threatened in no uncertain terms 
that if the Neoists had their way it could be YOUR house next. 
The I.O.D find it most appropriate that they then proposed to 
levitate the most common house of all... The House of Commons. 
The ritual which was employed at Parliament was a variation on 
this theme and has also proven to be extremely successful when 
unhindered by counter-psychic-attack. In a recent letter from 
Temple Press, some T.O.P.Y affiliates confirmed that the 
levitation of the House of Commons would be harder - to stop, 
that is! All this being due to the high quotient of hot air 
trapped inside. But then, perhaps T.O.P.Y are always crying wolf?

Information regarding ley-lines on the axis that were affected by 
this time-change have yet to be fully researched. [A diagram and 
a wealth of further information regarding some of these London 
ley-lines was presented on pages 69-73 in HX!#4. Such as the 
revelation that a large majority of pubs and toilets also fall 
along these legendary ancient lines].

The ley-lines in the surrounding area were dramatically affected 
by this time-change and the powerful magickal ceremony that 
occurred. The Llandin - Bryn Gwyn Ley which terminates at the 
Hermitage, and forms a psychic triangle wielding tremendous 
magickal power was the recipient of a massive amount of psychic 
activity around this time. (NB. all triangles are capable of 
being energised with excessive amounts of power, hence the 
Illuminati`s use of the `Eye in the Triangle` sigil.) The 
triangle of leys consists of the aforementioned Llandin ley (at 
Parliament Hill) which runs to Bryn Gwyn (situated at The White 
Mound of the Tower of London). The axis then runs to Tothill 
(based at Westminster itself) which then carries on at another 
axis to terminate back at The Llandin once more.

Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin, one of the original architects 
associated with designing the building died insane in the year 
that it was completed (1852). This was due to possession of evil 
spirits. There is strong evidence that suggests that the building 
houses many devious demons who have corrupted the powers based 
there (both political & spiritual). Such beings include Choronzon 
and Yog-Sothoth...

If one stands on the bottom step of the Albert Tower, there are 
333 steps to be climbed. This number is linked to Choronzon, the 
Guardian and "Dweller in the Abyss" (Demon of Dispersion) = 333 
(Noznoroch). Aleister Crowley called him "the first and deadliest 
of all the powers of Evil", sole inhabitant of the Abyss, capable 
of assuming any shape, the very Lord of Chaos. In 1909 Crowley 
and Victor Neuberg did battle with him on a mountain-top in 
Algiers, thus making Neuberg a "secret chief". The reason he is 
so deadly is that his force is the opposite of Magick and he is 
therefore a special threat for the Magickian who has to grapple 
with him on his own. Choronzon`s open sesame to Hell is: "Zazas, 
Zazas, Nasatanada, Zazas!"

An exercise of exorcism to expel the Demon, Yog-Sothoth (Avatar 
of the Great Lie) will commence by chanting, the words, "Out, 
Demon, out!" These words will start out as an inaudible whisper 
and slowly develop into a chaotic crescendo of speaking in 
tongues, ritual chanting, etc. [In the mythos of The 
Necronomicon, this is the most repellent of all of the semi-
entities which haunt the infamous 11th Pathway. H.P Lovecraft 
aptly referred to him as "the noxious Yog-Sothoth who froths as 
primordial slime in nuclear chaos beyond the nethermost outposts 
of space and time." Yog-Sothoth is the key and guardian of the 
gate. Past, present, future, all are one in Yog-Sothoth. The 
Magickian Kenneth Grant describes his colour as a gangrenous 
shade of green and has drawn a parallel between the entity 
Choronzon and Yog-Sothoth. The "soul-eater", Yog-Sut-Thoth, 
Kenneth Grant believes, is the Ibis of the Yesodic lunar Abyss, 
the sentinel of the between-worlds Doorway, the very portal 
itself, in fact, and the link between the Firmaments, above and 
below. He has no upper skull at all, merely a bloated and foetid 
mess that is his maggot-festering, naked brain. A madly gazing, 
giant`s "Cyclops" eye beringed by octopoidal palpi stares out of 
a face slimy and writhing with entrails over fierce shark teeth 
below. His gross, warty body rises tyrannosaurus-like out of the 
primordial muck. His nauseating undulations suggest a monotonous 
and blasphemous coitus, he is in fact the "Aeon" or "Yuga", i.e., 
the monstrous, forbidden union of Set and Thoth. Further sexual 
intercourse between Choronzon & Set forms a doorway between our 
world and the Hell of the Demons. Yog-Sut-Thoth (333) and 
Choronzon (also 333), moreover, are summoned by the same voice, 
for they are reciprocal aspects of one another. Locked together 
in an embrace of sodomy, the two form The Beast, 666. The "Beast" 
is really an historical occurrence, rather than a mere entity. It 
is a counter-swirl in the Ether, following in the wake of 
positive creation, that allows atavistic manifestations by 
default. Yog-Sothoth is clearly linked by H.P Lovecraft to places 
of power, and it may well be the case that Yog-Sothoth is a 
`guide` entity enabling sorcerers to access intense states of 
consciousness.]


