
Fight The Power!
Party Hard!


The Criminal Justice Act is bad news. That's clear. The government 
wants to make the rest of society as 
boring as they are! It attacks our freedom to 
party and protest. There's only one thing left for us to do. Kill 
this act by partying and protesting! Its up 
to us, no one else will do it for us.

While claiming the C.J.A. is to protect us, its 
clear that all it does is protect rich landowners, bosses and the 
state against the few "civil liberties" remaining for 
us. Most of the Act is concerned with criminalising all 
direct action and unauthorised demonstrations, particularly 
against pickets, hunt sabs and road protesters -
even hillwalkers. Its main aim is to give the police 
even more power - the right to stop and search anyone, 
an end to the right of silence, the introduction 
of plea bargaining, exclusion zones, "aggravated trespass" 
and paranoid "anti-terrorist" laws. The only 
freedom it protects is the freedom of power to do 
exactly what it wants....

We must recognise the C.J.A. for what it is, a piece 
of class based legislation for and by the rich and 
powerful. It was never just about targeting squatters, 
hunts sabs and ravers. It's a direct attack on all 
working class people. Liberal protest ain't going 
to work. Only direct action gets the goods. Why 
else is the C.J.A. trying to ban it?

Remember this is just the latest in a long series 
of attacks on our class. We need to link up all our 
struggles and fight to win. By fighting isolated 
struggles we can be picked off one by one. But by 
uniting together we can win. Just look at the Poll Tax. 

Our fight so far has some great features in it. Unofficial 
mass demos where we took over the streets and 
made them ours. D.I.Y. gigs, raves and parties which 
have raised lots of money and awareness for the fight 
as well as providing many a good night. Excellent 
pickets and solidarity marches. Over the country a 
network of mutual aid and support is spreading, a 
network of angry people who know how to party! 

We must organise and make all this stronger. By 
doing this we can make this act unworkable. By mass 
defiance, direct action  and solidarity we can win. 
So let's party and protest. We don't need boring speeches 
to tell us what's wrong or what to do. Its OUR 
lives, OUR liberties. We need to organise ourselves 
to take the power back. No one else is going to do it. 
No one else can. The only parties we need are the ones with 
loud music. The ones we organise ourselves. The ones 
that play OUR tunes. 

Let us experience the freedom of protest and party hard 
until the C.J.A. lies along side the Poll Tax in the 
dustbin of history. 

"If I can't dance then its not my revolution"
Emma Goldman, anarchist.
 



