The Pollok Free State

by

C. Berry

In Glasgow Pollok Free State has been established in opposition
to the half begun M77 that is due to tear apart Pollok Estate.
The Pollok Estate was intended by its donor for the use of the
"citizens of Glasgow" but now, despite a huge amount of
objections at the public enquiry stage, that right is to be
denied them.

The 79 million pound M77 plan is typical of the unthinking attitude to
transport and environment that prevails amongst those in power.
The presenting of rational arguments from a huge number of
community groups has not stopped their crazy roads road plans so
now the remaining rational argument of physical opposition is
being used.

The defiant protest of local Colin McLeod who spent ten days up a
tree that was due to be cut down drew others to the current site
of the Earth First! (Anti)M77) Camp. The vast majority of camp
members are from Glasgow and their wee vision of an anarchist
society has been receiving constant and generous donations and
support from neighbouring housing estates.

The Earth First! camp is an open group that holds a public camp
meeting every Wednesday at 7.30pm. The camp has achieved amazing
architectural feats; building the houses, totem poles, creating
stone carvings. The gravel from the road has been taken and
scattered into the words "NO M77" on the exposed earth of the
road foundations. 

The camp occupants have been working hard to create publicity,
raise money and live together collectively under the pressurised
circumstances of living in a space which anyone can walk into and
is due to be destroyed. On the 24th of September they will be
marching from the centre of Glasgow to the "Free State" in
protest at one more bit of environmental suicide. 

Contact 041 636 1924 / 041 887 8990 for more information on whats
happening.

Editors note : 

"Auto-struggles : The developing war against the road monster" is
an important and interesting discussion on the anti-roads
struggles going on in England. Its in issue 3 of Aufheben, 
2 pounds from 
Aufheben, c/o Prior House, Tilbury Place, Brighton, BN2 2GY.

