Via NY Transfer News Collective * All the News that Doesn't Fit

from "el Diario/La Prensa," a Spanish-language newspaper published
in New York City.  Translated and edited by Toby Mailman.

MEXICO

ZAPATISTAS' ANSWER, IN BRIEF

They will reveal the results of the discussions on the government's
proposals.

The Zapatista rebels, who took up arms in the Mexican state of
Chiapas, said on May 5 that in "a few more days" they will reveal
the results of discussions taking place in the communities under
their influence on the government commitments to achieve peace.

In a joint communique signed by the Zapatista National Liberation
Army (EZLN), mediator Bishop Samuel Ruiz, and the government peace
commissioner, Manuel Camacho, it was reported that the rebels
"reactivated their discussions," which had been suspended after the
assassination of the government party's presidential candidate,
Luis Donaldo Colosio, on March 23.

If the government's 32 promises are accepted, according the
agreement, in a second round of dialogue a peace accord will be
signed to put an end to the armed conflict which began on January 1.

In the communique, read by Ruiz in San Cristobal, the parties
revealed some details of the seven-hour meeting which they held on
May 4 in Zapatista territory, but did not report the date or the
place where the second round of peace talks will be held.

Camacho, Ruiz and ten EZLN delegates, among them Sub-Commander
Marcos, met on May 4 in a location near the town of Guadalupe
Tepeyac, under Zapatista dominion.

In the first round of talks, which took place in San Cristobal from
February 21 to March 2, the commissioner presented the EZLN with 32
government promises in order to achieve peace, which were to be
discussed in the indigenous communities under rebel influence.

After Colosio's assassination the EZLN, seeing that it might be
accused of the assassination, went on "red alert" and suspended the
discussions, which have now begun again.

In the joint communique Bishop Ruiz expressed his concern about the
events which could represent obstacles to the peace process, and
with "joy stated that the will for dialogue not only continues but
is reactivated with the initial purpose of seeking a democracy
based on justice."

Camacho said in the joint communique that in the May 4 meeting with
the Zapatistas he "reported on the advances for the fulfillment of
the government promises," and that everything is ready to begin
their immediate application.

The key point, said Camacho, "is an action of peace in Chiapas,
which will provide tranquility for the whole country," and said
that the parties committed themselves to maintain communication
during the next few weeks.

Camacho, who was present at the reading of the communique, told the
press that his meeting with the rebel leaders took place in a cabin
which the EZLN prepared for the interview.

The May 4 meeting is the first held by the parties after the first
phase of dialogue was completed last March. (el diario/La Prensa
5/6/94 from AFP)

                               -30-
--
+ 212-675-9690      NY TRANSFER NEWS COLLECTIVE     212-675-9663 +
+           Since 1985: Information for the Rest of Us           +
+            GET INFO from ftpmail%transfr@blythe.org            +
+ e-mail: nyt@blythe.org                   info: info@blythe.org +


