Anarchy: a journal of desire armed. #37, Summer 1993.
ON GOGOL BOULEVARD

@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
                     Neither East nor West:
               Some History and Reasons for Being
                         By Bob McGlynn

 On Gogol Boulevard (named after a hangout for Moscow's
counterculture) is the infrequently published zine of Neither East
Nor West-NYC (NENW-NYC). NENW-NYC networks alternative oppositions
in East and West for mutually supportive solidarity (though we're
open to anything and also work with the 3rd world and 4th world
land-based peoples). OGB also has had sections published in the
former Torch and until recently, Love and Rage. (Love and Rage can-
celed us and we're fighting to get back in.) Anarchy is now running
a 4-pager from us and our section will also appear in Amor Y Rabia
(a Love and Rage Spanish edition being published autonomously in
Mexico). Fifth Estate ran one section as will the Anarchist Youth
Federation Bulletin and Profane Existence.

 NENW-NYC has its roots going back to 1980 with the formation of
Poland's Solidarity free trade union. Individual anarchists and
members of the Workers Solidarity Alliance along with the (now
defunct) Revolutionary Socialist League hooked up while doing
Solidarity support. In 1983, with Soviet exiles, this crew and
others formed the New York Trust Group, a sister group to the
Moscow Trust Group, a semi-above ground and much persecuted anti-
nuclear organization. (Some in the group were also members of the
New York-Anti-Nuclear Group and the Brooklyn Anti-Nuclear Group.
These two groups helped pioneer putting the struggles of the
subjugated in the Russian empire on the anti-nuclear agenda.)

 New York Trust Group work culminated on Aug. 3rd, '86: After
months of secretive preparation, members of the New York Trust
Group and Brits from U.K. Trustbuilders were accompanied by the
Moscow Trust Group in a post-Chernobyl (and symbolically timed for
the Aug. 6 anniversary of the Hiroshima bombing) anti-nuclear
leafletting at the entrance to Moscow's Gorky Park. The team was,
as expected, busted in 5 minutes and detained by the KGB. The
action garnered page 2&3 coverage in major dailies worldwide. One
week later two people from the U.K. Greenham Common Women's Peace
Encampment repeated the action at the Moscow Zoo, without getting
detained. Glasnost was beginning to flower (unknown to many is that
it began with Chernobyl) and savage repression against the Trust
Group had abated. Sergei Batovrin, its rep abroad in New York,
concluded that the special support work could then be put to rest.
(One reason for the "Mission to Moscow" was to solidify the umbrel-
la of protection Western anti-nukers had provided the Trust Group
against complete annihilation at the hands of the KGB.)

 Months later, many of those involved above plus others formed
NENW-NYC to continue the work but with a greatly expanded agenda:
mutual solidarity with all the people in the East. That is, not
only did we picket for imprisoned draft resisters in Poland, but
Poles were asked, if they could, to support struggles here. And
yes, they did, for instance with petitioning in favor of NYC bike
messengers fighting (and winning) against an attempted ban of bikes
in a grid of midtown Manhattan. In the Fall of '87 we published our
first issue of OGB (6 to date). It was an immediate hit - nothing
like it was being published anywhere.

 The rest is a lengthy and notable history -  we've scored and
helped score one success after another (in freeing prisoners etc.).
Our unique work pioneered a certain worldwide networking that
continues to this day, and is expanding.=20

 We're thriving and gaining members. This might seem odd to some
who think such work is now pass=82. But current events in Russia with
Communists again in the open ought wake people up. We've never
wavered in our belief in the continuing validity of our organizing.
Unlike other East/West projects, we've seen no reason to stop or
even shift gears to any great extent. We're hardly about to abandon
our Eastern friends - they'd never consider doing the same to
us....

 Confusion over the East remains though and so below are some notes
justifying our stance of keeping-on, keeping-on RE: "Communism is
no more/The East is no more/There's no more East vs. West":

 "The Soviet empire is dead. Long live the Russian empire." -
graffiti in Dushanbe, capitol of Tajikistan (an ex-USSR colony)

 --The East exists geographically in part, with a shared history
and shared present, no matter that the mode of production is
supposedly switching (often with seeming impossible difficulty,
e.g. Rumania, one of the East states most closely resembling
classic Nazism); All the East problems we worked on in the past
still continue, i.e., conscription, political prisoners, pollution,
censorship, etc., and of course nothing has changed here - as part
of what we did/do was/is get Easterners to work on problems that we
face here. The fact that some of the East is going the Western
route makes joint activism all the more relevant as we'll share the
same enemies/problems. And now that communication has been greatly
freed up that means it's time to really get organizing, and not to
quit; Still, Communists remain entrenched in power positions
everywhere in the `Ex' countries:

 "But I think that behind each breakaway movement is a breakaway
demagogue who will set up his breakaway demagogue government. In
many breakaway countries the governments now say, on paper, that
you are free to be an entrepreneur. Well, that's great if you have
the cash to invest. But who has the cash? The party bosses who were
there before are the new entrepreneurs. Guys who got thrown out of
office wound up buying restaurants, hotels or factories. The drones
who were wandering around the streets are still wandering..."
-Frank Zappa, Playboy, Apr. '93 (Zappa, a hero of the Czech
underground stated, "In Prague, I was told that the biggest enemies
of the Communist Czech state were Jimmy Carter and me. A student I
met said that he was arrested by the secret police and beaten. They
said they were going to beat the Zappa music out of him." Vaclav
Havel appointed Zappa to be a special cultural ambassador, but
nixed it when caving into pressure from former Secretary of State
Baker.)

 So, many Communists are overnight capitalists and are often
changing their stripes to `democrat' or nationalist or fascist. In
Slovenia, the most Western of the 6 former Yugoslav republics,
Communists hold all key government positions. In Croatia an ex-
Communist general, Tudjman, is in power. Serbia has the Communist
Milosevic at the reins. Communists are in power in all the 5 former
Russian colonies of Central Asia. In Ukraine and Byelorussia the
Communist nomenclatura (the Communist administrative apparatus) are
firmly in control. `Reformed' Communists were voted back into
control of the Lithuanian parliament and the ex-general secretary
of the Lithuanian Communist Party, Brazauskas, was voted in as
president. (Lithuania was perhaps the most fiercely nationalistic
and anti-Communist of all the lands on the Russian periphery.) And
Russia?: Gorbachev, Yeltsin, the lot; all were loyal Party hacks,
and the Russian parliament is full of unreconstructed Communists.
(At press time the tug of war between a dictatorial Yeltsin and a
dictatorial parliamentary opposition is still unfolding.) At best,
even where obviously the Communists put on a heavy democratic act
with real liberalization, their authoritarian manner bleeds thru.
And at worst, it's open repression, just as before.

Some examples of `liberalization':

 Uzbekistan: "Uzbekistan is like the old days," Izmetullaev [an
opposition leader of the Birlik party] said, "If you want to know
what things were like in the Soviet republics, you have come to the
right place. We are not allowed to hold meetings in the open.
Birlik cannot be a normal party. Two of our leaders were beaten by
[president] Karimov's men and must be in exile in Moscow. Several
others are political prisoners." -Andrew Kopkind, The Nation, Jan.
18,'93

 Ukraine: "It's back to square one," lamented Dora..."After the
putsch in Moscow in '91, only one person was removed from the
government, and now he is back and has a high position. It's the
same old people doing the same old thing. Not only that, but the
same old people now have more power because they are not under
Moscow's control." -Ibid

 Lithuania: "There is restrained freedom of peaceful meetings [and]
associations...Correspondence with foreign countries is controlled
and registered. Telephone conversations are listened to. From the
very beginning of the creation of democratic parties and movements,
the agents of the KGB carried out their destruction, split them,
and if they didn't succeed, created alternative organizations of
the same name...[The] government gives subsidies to the parties,
movements, and publications which are disposed to it and frustrates
economically the others...Our organization is not an exception -
KGB agents are permanently libeling our activists, and threatening
and persecuting them...Now they are seeking to evict us from our
premises...."=20

 -May '92 letter from the Social Movement Mutual Assistance to the
Berlin May '92 conference "Extreme Poverty, Democracy, and Human
Rights in Europe"

 Poland: "We do not recognize the legality of the existing order
of law in the Republic of Poland, because the government has
continued to utilize the legal order [Communist constitution] of
the Peoples Republic of Poland. In essential spheres the Stalinist
constitution of 1952 rules. Key positions at the highest levels
continue to be occupied by the co-workers of the UB, SB [Communist
security agencies] and foreign intelligence agencies [Soviet GRU
and KGB]." -from the platform of Poland's Freedom Party=20

 Serbia: "The current Serbian regime allows certain, albeit
limited, freedom of the media and functions in conditions of formal
democracy...[But] the real nature of Milosevic's regime is
predatory or piratical, as are the regimes which existed or are
still existing in South America and Africa. In spite of the fact
that these regimes are frequently formerly democratic, elections
can never remove those who hold it from power." -Branko Milanovic
in Borba, Nov. 1, '92

 Czech Republic: Anarchists and environmentalists are being busted
under a severe riot law held over from the Communists.

 Results of a Poll: Hungary's Szonda Ipsos institute polled
Hungarians, Poles, Czecho-Slovakians, Russians, and Ukrainians as
to their satisfaction/dissatisfaction with the state of human
rights in their countries as of April '92. With 0=3Dvery dissatisfied
and 100=3Dvery satisfied Hungary came in with a high of only 44 and
Ukraine with a low of 27.=20

 --We still have North Korea, Indochina, Cuba, Pol Pot, Shining
Path, armed stalinist movements in Kurdistan, Guatemala, the
Philippines and elsewhere. Leninist parties proliferate in the West
and 3rd World. China anyone???

 --A reversion to closed centralized despotism in the East, however
archaic, is an option as a buffer to increasing internal and
external economic decay. There's some populist support for this in
Eastern countries.=20

 --The current competition between Yeltsin and the hardline
parliamentarians has revealed what is open talk in Russia of what
they call their `hard-right' or `national-Bolsheviks' coming to
power. This crew is a mixture of Communists, monarchists, anti-
semites, Russian Orthodox Church members, czarists, military
higher-ups, and Russian nationalists. It's called the
Red(Communist)-Brown(fascist) alliance. There is a literal intermix
of them working/demonstrating together.

 As an example you have the newly formed Russian Communist Party
electing an old style Russian nationalist, Gennadi Zyuganov, as its
leader in mid-February. Zyuganov is also a leader of the far-right
National Salvation Front (NSF). Also from the NSF is Stanislav
Terekhov, who heads the Officers Union. The union could become the
NSF's military arm. A power vacuum in the military is opening to
the advantage of the communists/nationalists: with widespread draft
evasion, deferments, and thousands of young officers who fear being
thrown out into the civilian economy. The armed forces are now
regarded to neither be an effective fighting force nor to have any
cohesive order under a central command. The Officers Union rejects
the Start-2 Treaty and calls for the restoration of the USSR.
Reportedly they've organized secret cells in the military and they
openly call for a military dictatorship.

 At the demonstrations of the reds/browns Soviet hammer and sickle
flags fly next to portraits of Stalin and anti-Semitic placards. If
they get into power the East will be the East again, and then some.
The above are anti-American in the crude sense - and will have
nukes. It won't be pretty. Russia is again selling arms to the
Chinese and ties between them are increasing. A second cold war
could make the first look tame. And you can bet the above wants the
empire back.

 --The East is becoming the category war. War is raging throughout
ex-Yugoslavia and the ex-USSR (Tajikistan, Georgia, Moldavia, Arme-
nia, and Azerbaijan). Armed conflicts and preparation for the same
are reported elsewhere in the ex-USSR. Civil war is openly talked
about within Russia. Russia's Muslim area of Chechnya has declared
independence for instance. A myriad of violent conflicts may be
just around the corner including all of the East countries plus
Germany, Austria, Turkey, and Greece. There's no lack of ethnic and
territorial scores to settle: Bulgaria and/or Greece seeking ex-
Yugoslavia's Macedonia; friction between Armenia and Turkey;
friction between Hungary and Slovakia over a joint dam project
Hungary canceled and Slovakia is continuing and problems with the
formers' large minority in the latter; Germans seeking territory in
western Poland lost after WW2; nationalist forces in Austria and
Germany seeking resolution for the Sudeten Germans who were first
forced to become Czechoslovakian citizens after WW1 and then after
WW2 were forcibly expelled to Germany; competition between Rumania
and Hungary over the formers' Transylvania with its large Hungarian
population; Albania at war with Serbia over Serbia's heavily
Albanian Kosovo republic. And what will happen with the US and
Russians taking opposite sides vis-=85-vis Serbia? The list goes on.
Improbable? One would hope. Impossible? No.=20

 --With the 3rd/4th World simply being written off, with technology
on the way to for all intents and purposes relatively eliminating
the working class as we know it, violent Stalinist insurgency =85 la
Shining Path may be an increasingly chosen option. Futuristic
portrayals (in many films etc.) of a worldwide fenced-in decay into
wholesale barbarism and self-cannibalization/ preying on ones own
for the vast majority, alongside a teeny shielded elite, a shield
enforced by a super high-tech police state, is not just a simple-
minded apocalyptic prediction. As the world is sliding towards
this, Nazism/Stalinism may be attractive. Communists turning
nationalist/Nazi is well known now.=20

 --Time stands relatively still in isolated and enclosed Soviet-
type societies. The Communism of the Russian empire and China were/
are simply modern versions of centuries old centralized despotisms
(albeit with the ideological fever of a `communist' veneer). The
pricking open of these political black holes have and will continue
to unleash profound upsurges in many forms from mass strikes (huge
ones in the last year in Poland and the ex-USSR hardly mentioned in
the US press), to Tiananmen Square massacres, to ethnic/civil wars,
to possibly WW3. Over a quarter of humanity is emerging out of a
time warp. Lookout....
=20
 --Post WW2 is a world with no Nazi movements in power. Yet anti-
Nazi/fascist groups and initiatives proliferate. Today of course
there are literal threats. But vigilance always must be maintained
vis-a-vis Nazism. Why should Communism be treated any differently?
Is the East/Communism passe?? Ask an Easterner....

 Those are some of the reasons for our continued relevance.

 We'll need subsidies to mail the other mags carrying us to send
to the East/3rd World. Please make checks to the Aspect Foundation
and mail to us: Neither East Nor West-NYC, 528 5th St. Brooklyn, NY
11215. THANKS! And if you'd like to see us get back into Love and
Rage please drop us a note. See you on Gogol Boulevard!

HERE WE GO AGAIN

 One of the big campaigns in Poland in the '80s was the fight for
"alternative service," i.e. civilian service work for those who
refused to be forced into mandatory military duty. The fight was
mainly fought by Freedom and Peace, Polish anarchists, and
supporters abroad, including Neither East Nor West-NYC and others
who helped form Love & Rage.

 Poles eventually did win the fight, but it's been a battle ever
since having it implemented. And now they have imprisoned draft
resisters once again: Roman Galuszko, 1=AB yrs.; Piotr Krzyzanowski,
and Piotr Dawidziak, both 1 yr.

 The Polish Anarchist Federation, Amnesty International, the Green
Federation, Association `Objector', Freedom and Peace, and the
Helsinki Committee have had rallies, letter writing campaigns,
demos, and concerts for them.

 This is a major anarchist campaign and international aid is being
requested, just as in prior years.

 PLEASE HELP FREE POLAND'S NEW POLITICAL PRISONERS.

 LETTER WRITING CAMPAIGNS OFTEN WORK - IT IS NOT A WASTE OF TIME!

 Please send protest letters demanding the release of the prisoners
and an end to forced military training to:

 Lech Walesa, Wiejska 10, Warszawa, Poland.
(Actions at Polish embassies/consulates are called for also.)=20

 For more info: Association `Objector', 50-040 Wroclaw, Ul.
Pilsudskiego 15/17, pok. 15, Piatki godz. 17-19, Poland, Tel: 44-
46-51 / Jacek Sierpinski, Info Office of Polish Anarchist Feder-
ation, c/o An Arche, Uniwersytet Slaski, Bankowa 12, 40-007
Katowice, Poland.

`ZAPO' - NEW ANARCHIST GROUP IN CROATIA

Dear Friends,

 We are a group of people from Zagreb, Croatia. We have recently
formed an anarcho-pacifist organization called ZAPO (Zagabrian
Anarcho-Pacifist Organization). Although we've worked together
before, we didn't have any place to work together until Dec. '92.

Things we did before:

 -We've organized anti-war and anti-politics demonstrations. It
wasn't allowed by police and only 20-30 people showed in June of
'91.

 -We made the first issue of the anarcho-pacifist fanzine called
Comunitas. About our first issue: In the article `Anarchism' we
wrote of anarchist basics and eco-anarchism. We took some ideas
from old anarchists (Bakunin, Kropotkin, Proudhon) and also from
eco-anarchist Murray Bookchin. Of course we put forward our own
ideas too. In the `Pacifism' article we gave our opinion about the
war and its senselessness, which we felt personally though we
weren't directly involved (we didn't serve in the army and we
refuse to). We also had articles about ideologies opposite to anar-
chism (nazism and racism). Of course we wrote about them in a
negative context.
Things we are doing now:

 -We are making a new issue of Comunitas together with people from
the Anti-War Campaign Croatia.

 -We're trying to contact as many more people as we can to exchange
material, ideas etc.

What we plan to do:

 -Further work on the zine.

 -Making posters, stickers, etc.

 -Organizing protest meetings.

 -Other things connected to anarchism.

We need any kind of help from organizations outside Croatia. That
help is needed 'cos we work in very hard conditions. (It's still
war here. Average income is low. There's also enormous inflation.)

 If you would like more information about us, or get materials from
Croatia, please write:

ZAPO c/o ARK, Tkalciceva 38, 41000 Zagreb, Croatia, Tel: 041-422-
495, Fax: 041-335-230.
                              Many warm regards, Vanja Goldberger

PARTIAL VICTORY FOR NIGERIAN ANARCHISTS
By Bob McGlynn

 Anarchist/revolutionary syndicalist political prisoners from
Nigeria's Awareness League (AL)  - Udemba Chuks, Garba Adu,
Kingsley Etioni, and James Ndubuisi - won some reprieve Jan. 29th
when they were conditionally released on bail (they must report to
the State Security Service each week). Arrested seven months ago
during a wave of worker/student unrest protesting IMF/World Bank
imposed austerity plans, they were detained under the notorious
"Decree #2" - a catch-all "preventative detention" law.

 At a Calabar court hearing Jan. 25th their lawyer, Ifeanyi
Nnajiofor, demanded a grant of bail. On hand were 100 AL members
plus (according to a Feb. 1 AL communique) "scores of journalists,
activists, members of the Nigerian Bar Association, and interested
members of the public."

 Then on Jan. 29th "we won our greatest legal battle yet...[when
for] the first time we would set our eyes on them in seven months.
They looked badly emaciated, weak and sick." Setting a legal
precedent poking a hole in Decree # 2, the judge granted bail, and
set the next court appearance for Feb. 18th. Then as the four left
court "there was an attempt to have our colleagues re-arrested out-
side the premises, but this was stoutly resisted by the crowd."
They were then promptly hospitalized and advised to have a two week
stay.

 The AL has info that the military may try to have the men re-
arrested once again. This would not be uncommon in Nigeria where
the judiciary and the military are constantly at odds.

 In our last letter from the AL Feb. 28, the four have had their
bail extended but must report to the State Security Service each
day. One of them still remains hospitalized. The AL says "Judgement
in the main suit is not expected before the end of April, 1993."
The central suit maintains that the states action in detaining the
4 without charge was illegal, and that Decree #2 against them
should be dropped.

"We thank you immensely for your solidarity so far in our struggle
to free our four colleagues. We can only ask you not to relent in
your efforts." -From AL letter Feb. 28
 The U.S. Workers Solidarity Alliance (WSA) and Neither East Nor
West-NYC (NENW-NYC) have successfully spearheaded a worldwide cam-
paign for the AL. A week of protests at Nigerian embassies was
called for Feb. 22-26 with confirmations of actions by anarchists
in Moscow, Rio de Janeiro, Dublin, NYC, London, Berlin and Hamburg.
(Anarchists were ready to demonstrate in countries like Bulgaria
and Norway but they lacked Nigerian targets.) Petitions and protest
letters have been received from Argentina, Japan, Turkey, South
Korea, Russia, Italy, Brazil, Canada, Estonia, India, Norway,
Ireland, Holland, Spain, Poland, the U.S., South Africa, Bulgaria
(almost 700 names on petitions!), Germany, and the U.K. Anarchist
publications worldwide have covered the story. Special thanks to
Love and Rage newspaper who mailed an international appeal for AL,
and the International Workers Association and Spain's National
Confederation of Labor for sending $500 each to AL for legal fees.
The question of money is of special priority. Ifeanyi Nnajiofor,
the AL's lawyer, must travel 1000 kilometers from Lagos to Calabar,
Nigeria. As of last Dec. the AL had a $12,000 debt for legal and
other fees. Ifeanyi is being extremely thoughtful and generous
according to the AL, but his expenses are obvious and he must be
paid. WSA and NENW-NYC know that over $1000 has been received by AL
from anarchists abroad, and since that helped keep Ifeanyi afloat,
it's no exaggeration to claim that the international campaign
played a part in AL's bail victory, possibly saving the lives of
these men (you don't get fed in Nigerian jails).
International Money Orders or U.K. Bank Checks can be mailed
directly to: Awareness League, c/o Samuel Mbah, POB 28, Agbani,
Enugu State, Nigeria.

 Foreign currency goes a long way now in Nigeria with $1 equaling
a third of a months wage - and it costs a third of a months wage to
mail a letter out of Nigeria! As a fundraising effort for AL, their
communiques will be made available for a contribution sent to:
NENW-NYC, 528 5th St., Brooklyn, NY 11215, U.S. (Of course AL's
letters are in the public domain and are available for a $1 worth
of postage and xeroxing fee, but please try to send more.)
For more info: WSA, 339 Lafayette St. Rm. 202, NY, NY 10012, U.S.,
Tel: 212-979-8353

RAPE IN EX-YUGOSLAVIA
By Manuella Dobos

 In July, 1992, the US media reported on Serb detention camps for
non-Serbs in Bosnia-Herzegovina. Soon after, the European and US
press brought the story of mass gang-rapes of overwhelmingly
Muslim, but also Croatian women of all ages by Serb troops. Many
people resisted what might be media manipulation to get people to
take sides. By January, '93, however, many authenticated reports
(from, among other sources, special investigative bodies from the
European Council, Amnesty International and Helsinki Watch) showed
there was mass rape in towns and villages taken by the Serbs in
detention camps and in special brothel-camps. This sexual abuse was
often in towns and villages taken by Serbs, public, sadistic and
ending in death for the women. They also reported the deliberate
incarceration of impregnated victims so that they would no longer
be able to get abortions upon release.

 Women's groups in both Serbia and Croatia also brought the news
out as these victims turned up in refugee centers. The war in for-
mer Yugoslavia then became real for many women in the US and
Europe. That old war crime, rape, was again being used by one side
of warring males against the other. Women have begun to mobilize.

 However, there are problems with how to respond: although there
is evidence that Croatian and Bosnian/Muslim soldiers have sexually
abused Serb women, all the information indicates that mass rape,
along with starvation and massacre is a part of Serbian "ethnic
cleansing" of non-Serbs from vast areas of Bosnia-Herzegovina. This
has been the purpose of Serbian aggression against unarmed
civilians. Serbia, with the fifth largest army in Europe, supplies
the Bosnian Serbs while Bosnian Muslims are under an arms embargo
on the whole region imposed by the U.N. back before the war
started. It is this fundamentally unequal situation which has led
to 100,000 deaths and an expected 200,000 more before the end of
the winter. Already over a million of the original non-Serb
population of Bosnia-Herzegovina, 44% of which was Muslim, are
refugees. The right-wing nationalist Croatian government has also
taken advantage of this situation to carve out an ethnic Croatian
enclave in Bosnia-Herzegovina. On the other hand, some feel that
directing all protest against the Serbs is playing into the hands
of the Croatian or Bosnian male nationalists who aren't great
champions of the human rights of women.

 Serbian aggression and genocide are winning because the U.N., the
European Community and the US do not want to stop aggression and
genocide. Consequently many women feel that the issue of rape must
mean taking sides.

 Nevertheless, women can move together. Women's groups in ex-
Yugoslavia are asking for help from US feminists.

 For US feminist groups involved contact: Network of East West
Women, Sonia Jaffe Robbins, Dept. of Journalism, NYU, 10 Washington
Pl., NY, NY 10003, Tel: 212-998-7966, Fax: 212-995-4148.

 Ex-Yugoslavia contacts:

 The Autonomous Women's House in Zagreb, Croatia cares for rape
victims--C/O ARK, Tkalciceva 38, 41000 Zagreb, Croatia,=20
Fax: 38-41-271-143.

 The SOS Helpline serves women and children who are victims of
violence--C/O Center for Anti-War Activities, Kralja Petra 46,
11000 Belgrade, Serbia, Tel: 38-11-322-226, Fax: 38-11-635-813.

 Women in Black is a prominent group that holds anti-war vigils--
C/O Stasa Zajovic, Dragoslava Povica 9/10, 11000 Belgrade, Serbia,
Tel: 38-11-624-666.

 Wanna throw a benefit for these groups? Contact: Neither East Nor
West-NYC, 528 5th St., Brooklyn, NY 11215, Tel: 718-499-7720.


