     ***     EXTREME BOOKS CATALOG     ***
                       SUMMER 1994

     Time for another update as the Extreme Empire grows again. We have added quite a few new titles, with more to come. All books listed are currently in stock, and you can expect your order within six weeks even if we should suddenly run out of an item. Generally, orders are shipped within 24 hours of receiving them!
     If you enjoy this catalog, please check out Extreme Books BBS at (503) 288-3960. Parameters are 8N1, transmission speeds up to 28.8 Kbps accepted. It's an online alternative community center for the Northwest and beyond, with free chat areas and local e-mail, plus low-cost Internet e-mail and Usenet news.
     Note: You can automatically receive our latest electronic catalog by sending an Internet e-mail message to catalog@mailer.extremebooks.com.
     We can also fill special orders, including searches for rare or out-of-print books. These can take some time, of course, but we enjoy the hunt and promise reasonable prices where the item in question is reasonably priced to us. 
To initiate a search, ask questions about books in our catalog, find out more about our on-line bookstore, etc., feel free to call us at (503) 249-8090 or send us E-mail via the Internet at sschultz@extremebooks.com or mwaltz@extremebooks.com.
     We accept checks and money orders - make them out to Extreme Books -but not Credit Cards. Send cash at your own risk (and well-wrapped). Please be sure to include postage with your order in the amount of $3.00 for the first item and .50 for each subsequent book (don't worry about postage if the extra items are pamphlets). If you are ordering from overseas, please make that $2.00 per subsequent book - postage will probably cost us more than that, but it's close enough. 
     Mail your order to: Extreme Books, PO Box 11704, Portland, OR 97211
		
     Thanks! -- Steve Schultz and Mitzi Waltz, proprietors


RE/SEARCH BOOKS

Angry Women	(RE/Search #13) 	$18.99
Essays from, and interviews with, the likes of Karen Finley. Angry young post- and neo-feminist stuff.

The Atrocity Exhibition    
J.G. Ballard  	 $13.99
A gorgeously-illustrated, annotated reissue of one of science fiction's strangest classics. First edition hardback was pulped by request of the publisher.

Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist
(RE/Search People Series 1)     $15.99
Probably the most disturbing of the REsearch series to date: these pictures and stories are not for the squeamish. Flanagan is a poet, performance artist and dedicated masochist whose unusual response to pain is probably very helpful as he battles cystic fibrosis, the incredibly painful disease he's afflicted with.

The Confessions of Wanda Sacher-Masoch
Wanda Sacher-Masoch     $13.99
The true story of the wife of the man who gave a name to "masochism." 

Freaks: We Who Are Not as Others
Daniel P. Mannix     $13.99
Pictures, interviews and more about fascinating human oddities. Great book! However, when it was first published it was pulled from bookstore shelves after just a month.

Incredibly Strange Films	
(RE/Search #10)     $17.99
>From "Nude on the Moon" to "Plan 9," including Herschel Gordon Lewis and Russ Meyer interviews. A must for every psychotronic film fan.

Incredibly Strange Music, Vol. 1   
(RE/Search #14)     $16.99
RE/Search's latest, a look at some of the weirdest music ever made. Interviews, discographies, album-cover art etc.

Industrial Culture Handbook    
(RE/Search #6/7)     $13.99
Seminal stuff. Industrial music, aesthetics and thought in one beautifully designed package.

J.G. Ballard	(RE/Search #8/9)     $14.99
An entire volume with interviews, bibliography etc. about the great science-fiction writer.

Modern Primitives
(RE/Search #12)     $17.99
Must be seen to be believed. Piercing, tattooing, cutting, binding and other interesting ways people modify their bodies. Lots of pix, fascinating interviews.

Pranks!	(RE/Search #11)     $14.99
Some of these people came up with much better pranks than you could. Downright inspirational.

William S. Burroughs, Brion Gysin, Throbbing Gristle
(RE/Search #4/5)     $12.99
>From the granddaddies of dark literary experimentation to the 1980s industrial group.


FERAL HOUSE PRESS

Apocalypse Culture
Adam Parfrey, ed.     $12.95
The seminal book for the millennium, featuring non-fiction on all sorts of odd goings-on. Parts will amuse you, parts will repulse you, but it will definitely get a reaction! Disagreements about the appropriate reaction have been known to break up marriages - watch out!

CAD: A Handbook for Heels
Charles Schneider, ed.     $12.95
Lovingly assembled collection of 50s cheesecake - nostalgia for the hep playboy. Another book that has been quietly pulled off bookshelves for not being PC .

Cosmic Retribution: The Infernal Art of Joe Coleman     $22.95 
Frighteningly beautiful stuff. Gore, violence, sex - not for the kiddies or the squeamish. Another winner from Adam Parfrey's press.

The Devil's Notebook
Anton Szandor LaVey     $10.95
An original collection of LaVey's darkly humorous essays. Readers will note similarities to H.L. Mencken - and P.T. Barnum - in America's most famous satanist's approach.

I Cried, You Didn't Listen: The Story of America's Incarcerated Children
Dwight Edger Abbot with Jack Carter     $10.95
Another true tale about an unwanted kid who was OK before he was sent to the California Youth Authority jails for being a wanted kid. The sort of book one usually calls "a scathing indictment."

Nightmare of Ecstasy: The Life & Art of Edward D. Wood Jr.
Rudolph Grey     $14.95
The definitive bio of the "world's worst filmmaker," Ed Wood, director of gems like "Plan 9 From Outer Space" and the autobiographical "Glen or Glenda?" Recently inexplicably confiscated by Customs in Canada. Soon to be a Tim Burton film starring Johnny Depp!

Rants & Incendiary Tracts
Bob Black and Adam Parfrey, eds.     $9.95
Some of biggest mouths of the last hundred years run amok, from the Luddites to Wilhelm Reich to Meir Kahane.

The Satanic Witch
Anton LaVey     $9.95
LaVey's manual for "satanic" self-help for women: surely an interesting alternative to playing victim, if not for everywoman. LaVey expounds on some semi-crackpot body and personality type theories within, but the advice on how to manipulate men and get what you want out of life is actually pretty much on the mark, if you're calculating enough to want to try it.

Secret and Suppressed
Jim Keith, editor     $12.95
What a collection of paranoid fact and fantasy! Disinformation, mind control, cults, subliminals, millenialism, secret weapons, big conspiracies and more, from a variety of political viewpoints. Fun reading for those not inclined to believe everything they read: those who do will end up mighty confused by this disparate set of ideas. 

The Secret Life of a Satanist
Blanch Barton     $12.95
The authorized and very funny biography of Anton LaVey, head poohbah of the Church of Satan, ex-carney and most amusing character. "A great yarn," says Steve.

Tales of Times Square
Art Friedman     $12.95
Raunchy, bawdy, hilarious, a little sad at the edges: this book of true tales from the Times Square sex industry is written in a style reminiscent of 60s men's magazines. Inside stories, with compassion for strippers, sex workers and even sleazeballs. Highly recommended.

Tortures and Torments of the Christian Martyrs
Rev. Antonio Gallonio    $25.00 (out of print, but we've got a few left)
There's a reason that so many S&M practitioners are Catholics, and it's stories like these. Lovingly detailed descriptions of the sufferings of the early saints, more explicit than the Lives Of the Saints books your grandma kept around. And with illustrations from "contemporary artists and loathsome criminals," including S. Clay Wilson, Charles Manson and Crispin Glover.


AMOK PRESS

AMOK Fourth Dispatch	$12.95
Disguised as a catalog, this "reading list from Hell" (sez John Waters) presents a laundry-list of strange literature. 400+ pages of fun! But remember, most$60.00
Beautifully prepared art book of some of the most incredible art, theatre, anti-political/cultural rants, and music ever. Laibach, the industrial group, is the best known ambassador of this Slovenian (ex-Yugoslavian) cultural collective, creating a state of art in opposition to the State. "It's the best damn art book I've seen." - Steve. By special order only.


BLAST BOOKS

The Drug User
John Straudbaugh and Donald Blaise     Blast Books     $10.95
Stories from inside and outside of the drug world, both personal and academic.

Grace Beats Karma: Letters From Prison 1958-60
Neal Cassady     Blast Books     $12.95
If you've never read any of Cassady's stuff, these letters, written to his family and wife from San Quentin, are really much more interesting than his more self-conscious efforts at being a "real" writer. If he had had an education, we'd probably all call Jack Kerouac "you know, Neal Cassady's sidekick" instead of the other way around. 

Guillotine: Its Legend and Lore
Daniel Gerould     Blast Books     $14.95
Lore of the guillotine examined: Everything you've wanted to know about the guillotine but were afraid to ask !

Mr. Arashi's Amazing Freak Show
Suehiro Maruo     Blast Books     $10.95
Manga graphic novel of an innocent orphan who falls in with a sinister freak show, complete with the obligatory eye-sucking scenes. This is out there and twisted, really twisted (see also Paranoid Star).

Moravagine
Blaise Cendrars     Blast Books     $9.95
Fiction from a French writer who got enthusiastic praise from Henry Miller, comparisons to Celine from others.

Panorama of Hell
Hideshi Hino     $9.95
A graphic manga novel: Hello Kitty meets the Marquis de Sade and loses big time.

Venus in Furs
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch     $9.95
These bizarre erotic fantasies were translated into music by the Velvet Underground, into life by the author.


AUTONOMEDIA/SEMIOTEXT(E)

The Aesthetics of Disappearance
Paul Virilio     Semiotext(e)     $9.00
Steve says all Virilio is god, therefore you must buy this book. Next on his reading list. Seems to have something to do with the meaning of consciousness and unconsciousness.

Columbus and Other Cannibals
Jack D. Forbes     Autonomedia     $10.00
A very interesting book, which takes as its thesis that aggression, violence, rape, imperialism, etc. are the manifestations of disease. Forbes is a professor of Native American Studies at UC Davis and one fine writer. How can this disease be healed? Some ideas on that are here too. I've never read anything else like this.

The Damned Universe of Charles Fort
Louis Kaplan     Autonomedia     $10.00
You could call this a "best of" Fortean science. Charles Fort was the eccentric collector of weird scientific data, such as self-combustion, rains of frogs and poltergeists. 

A Day in the Life: Tales From the Lower East Side
Alan Moore & Josh Gosciak, editors     Autonomedia     $7.95
This anthology of writers from New York's vibrant lower east side neighborhood ranges from the '40s to the '90s, from Herbert Huncke to Richard Hell to Gary Indiana.

File Under Popular
Chris Cutler     Autonomedia  $10.00
Subtitled "Theoretical and Critical Writings on Music," this is a defense and simultaneous shredding of pop music, illustrated by some slightly academic but still interesting essays on subjects like the late Sun Ra, the Residents and Phil Ochs.

Friendly Fire
Bob Black     Autonomedia     $6.00
Friendly? From Bob Black? Well, alright, I was there when he allegedly tried to torch Processed World, says Steve, but I don't hold that against his writing. (Everyone I know says he's an asshole but a damn good writer.)

Gone To Croatan: The Origins of American Drop-out Culture
Ron Sakolsky & James Koehnline, eds.     $12.00
We've had this all of a month, and already had to re-order twice. Suppressed history of America's multiethnic, tribal, counterculture past, as illustrated by groups like the midwest's Tribe of Ishmael, maroon societies, "Indian" tribes that may not be and more. You'll stay up all night to read this one, then tell all your friends to buy it too.

The Lost Dimension
Paul Virilio     Semiotext(e)     $10.00
Time, space, terrorism - I must admit, Virilio's a bit deep for me. But Steve thinks his books are grand. ("Hell, they're god!" was the actual quote.) Call and ask him what this is about, will you?

Magpie Reveries: The Iconographic Mandalas of James Koehnline
Autonomedia     $10.00
Collage art from the guy who does all those cool designs for Autonomedia, the Moorish Science Monitor and others. 

Midnight Oil: Work, Energy, War, 1973-1992
Midnight Notes collective     $12.00
Talk about reweaving to reveal hidden patterns I this book explores the themes that unify coal-strikers in Appalachia, Iraqi rebels, Nigerian oil-facility saboteurs; MOVE in Philadelphia and the ANC in South Africa; ripped-off household servants in Saudi and angry Italian housewives. Interesting commonalties are exposed, along with possible avenues for New World Order-busting.

On An(archy) and Schizoanalysis
Rolando Perez     Autonomedia     $8.00
A book on recognizing and combating the fascism of everyday capitalist life. Perez gets into Neitzsche, psychology, our shared experience of pop/consumer culture and more, without making his points impossible to understand.

Popular Defense and Ecological Struggles
Paul Virilio     Semiotext(e)     $6.00
>From Semiotext(e)'s Foreign Agents series comes this informed commentary on the military's new self-appointed role as global eco-cop. As the war machine seeks to spread beyond national borders, struggling to become the totality of human existence, how can we resist? Philosophy with a purpose.

Radiotext(e)
Neil Strauss and Dave Mandel, eds.     Semiotext(e)     $12.00
Wow! The latest from Semiotext(e) ranges from early Berthold Brecht opinions on radio as a revolutionary medium to the current state of sabotage and piracy. Big, cram-packed with amazing stuff.

Remarks on Marx
Michel Foucault     Semiotext(e)     $6.00
Another Foreign Agents volume based on an interview with the French philosopher, touching on his early Communist days, his opinions on various philosophical schools and personalities, views on the actions of May '68, and more. Steve says "Foucault is god too - OK, so I'm pantheistic."

Scandal: Essays in Islamic Heresy
Peter Lamborn Wilson     $8.95
Islam's "dark side": the hashish-fueled Assassins, religious eroticism, holy intoxication and pederasty, Islamic Satanism and more, with an extensive bibliography. Wilson's scholarship is impeccable, but his style is always very readable.

Semiotext(e) SF
Rudy Rucker, Peter Lamborn Wilson and Robert Anton Wilson, editors     
Autonomedia     $10.00
Cyberpunk old (William Burroughs) and new (Bruce Sterling), with several extremely excellent SF stories. John Shirley, J.G. Ballard, Philip Jose Farmer, more.

Semiotext(e): USA
Autonomedia     $12.00
So full of stuff this thick book is bursting at the seams. The theme this time is psychotopography: to those not into big-word-ese, personal geography. That means stories about physical places and places in the human psyche, all according to these writers and artists. Plus you get addresses for all the contributors and a big classifieds section too.

Speed and Politics
Paul Virilio     Semiotext(e)     $6.00
The winner of a nuclear war no longer grabs territory or resources. Instead, the winner is the person who gets the furthest away from the territory. This is a fundamental change in war strategy. Speed is now highly important. Exploring the new front of warfare: controls on motion, movement and time itself. Steve says "Virilio is the Clausewitz of our age."

Still Black, Still Strong: Survivors of the U.S. War Against Black Revolutionaries
Semiotext(e)     $6.00
Dhoruba Bin Wahad of the Black Panthers, Mumia Abu-Jamal of the Black Panthers and MOVE, and Assata Shakur of the Panthers and the Black Liberation Army, tell their stories and give inspiring accounts of how they survived all-out war with local and federal law enforcement, imprisonment under the most hostile conditions, and the dispiriting deaths and conversions of friends and comrades. Bin Wahad and Abu-Jamal are both US political prisoners, Shakur is in exile in Cuba.

T.A.Z.: The Temporary Autonomous Zone, Ontological Anarchy, Poetic Terrorism
Hakim Bey     Autonomedia     $6.00
A series of essays from one of modern anarchism's more interesting thinkers. Bey always takes things to the logical extreme, as evidenced in this volume of "poetic terrorism."

The Touch
Michael Brownstein     Autonomedia     $6.00
A novel on sex, AIDS, therapy and more with some pretty hot scenes. If Kathy Acker says it's "disturbing," it's probably worth a read to many of you.

This is Your Final Warning!
Thom Metzger     Autonomedia     $6.00
Anarchistic sci-fi that seems all too frighteningly plausible, and by a fellow Moorish Orthodox feller to boot.

Trotskyism and Maoism: Theory and Practice in France and the United States
A. Belden Fields     Autonomedia     $10.00
It's rare that anyone attempts objective history where these Marxist heretical tendencies are concerned. Explains the buzzwords, identifies the adherents, and provides hours of unintentional fun for those who like to drag present-day ideologues of the SWP, RCP et al. through the mud for past idiocies and schisms.



LOOMPANICS UNLIMITED

The Abolition of Work (and other essays)
Bob Black     $9.95
This collection of classic rants takes the whole world to task in fine style.

The Heavy Duty New Identity
John Q. Newman     $10.95
You never know when you might need a book like this. How to become someone else, without getting caught.

How To Beat Honesty Tests
Sneaky Pete     $5.95
With ever more bosses forcing honesty tests, "attitude evaluations" and polygraphs on prospective or current employees, this book is essential info.

Might is Right
Ragnar Redbeard     $7.95
The book that tells it like it is. Is it the real deal or satire on the current state of robber-baron capitalism? You be the judge. Supposedly written by an anarchist from New Zealand in the latter part of the 19th century as a parody.

The Occult Technology of Power
The Society for Illuminating the Sources of Power     $6.95
A capitalist's instruction book for his heir apparent: where power (social, political and economic) really comes from, and what secret knowledge can bend it to your will.

SCRAM: Relocating Under a New Identity
James S. Martin     Loompanics    $12.00
Jimmy Hoffa could've used this one - or maybe he did! Written by an attorney, it covers all the basics: obtaining a new identity, covering your trail, pitfalls to avoid. Very well-written and up-to-date, with good legal and personal advice.

The World Power Foundation: Its Goals and Platform
Thomas, Harold, ed.     $7.95
This volume presents the goals of the shadowy World Power Foundation, a group dedicated to bringing back slavery and dictatorship - with themselves at the helm. " The social darwinist quotes throughout the book are well worth the price of admission " - Steve.


DIGITAL SUBVERSION

This new section will be beefed up with a number of new titles in the very near future, especially with the practical info for daily subversion you've been asking for, like books on mastering the art of Internet navigation. Call us if you're looking for something that isn't listed!

The Anarchist's Guide to the BBS
Keith Wade     Loompanics     $8.95
An excellent primer on joining up with the international electronic underground. Basic technical info and more, all from a counterculture viewpoint.

Culture Jamming
Mark Dery     Open Pamphlets Series     $4.00
"Culture Jamming, Hacking, Slashing and Sniping in the Empire of Signs," is the descriptive subtitle on this nicely laid-out pamphlet. A study on billboard alteration, "subvertising," media hoaxing etc., with a special section on extending the practice to the electronic frontier.

Cyber-Psycho's A.O.D.     $4.00
The editor goes to some lengths to say this isn't a cyberpunk zine, but it does have some of that edge flavor to it. Band interviews with Pigface, Crash Worship and others of that ilk, a Nick Zedd interview, some fiction, and a set of rather warped "pain trading cards."

Happening Digitali Interrattivi
Tommaso Tozzi, coordinator     Wide Records     $20.00
A zine/diskette/CD compilation in a plastic box, verbiage in Italian but graphics and music enjoyable by all, on cyberpunk themes. Contributors include Trans XXX, Radio Gladio, Gaiani and other bands/writers you want to know about. In MS-DOS format, includes Euro cyberanarchist contact info and BBS numbers!

Metanetwork 2000 #1     $4.50
A floppy-disk cyberzine that's unfortunately in Italian, a far as we can make out. Includes stuff on the Electronic Freedom Foundation, Bruce Sterling, artificial life. PC format, looks good! Includes graphics and animation.

Public #7     $15.00
The theme is "Sacred Technology," and featured items include everything from a Foucault essay to an investigation of the sociopolitical implications of ultrasound scans in pregnancy. More a book than a magazine, with interesting photoillustrations.

Reign of Toads     Spring 1993     $4.00
A middle-of-the-road cyberzine. Good interview with freeware guru Richard Stallman, Internet guidelet, excellent comix and reviews, much GenX angst, and Negativland too.


POLITICS & DIRTY TRICKS

ABC of Anarchism
Alexander Berkman     Freedom Press     $5.00
An anarchist classic, and one that has dated little. An excellent exploration of the possibilities for and within a governmentless society.

Abyss of Reason: Cultural Movements, Revelations & Betrayals
Daniel Cotton     Oxford     $5.99
Using the (sometimes) conflicting visions of spiritualism and surrealism as a frame, Cotton dissects contemporary social and cultural movements and their predecessors.

African Fundamentalism: A Literary and Cultural Anthology of Garvey's Harlem Renaissance
Tony Martin, ed.     The Majority Press     $14.95
An interesting collection of works, including political writings, literary criticism, reviews, poetry, anti-war writing, drama and film. Well-known authors whose work is featured are Marcus Garvey, Zora Neale Hurston and more.

An American Adventure in Bookburning
James J. Martin     Ralph Myles     $6.00
Right-wing social history of government book-banning during WWI's anti-German scare.

Anarchy & the End of History
Mike Gunderloy and Michael Ziesing, eds.     
Factsheet Five/Lysander Spooner     $9.00
An excellent collection of anarchist essays, many of them from Instead of @ Magazine. Issues include the basics (what is an anarchist? what is the anarchist vision?) to how anarchist societies might deal with the inevitabilities of crime and conflict, and meeting the challenges that face the anarchist movement.

Anarchy In Action
Colin Ward     Freedom Press     $7.50
Mutual aid, not top-down government, is a more natural and just situation, Ward argues, with historical examples to back him up. Decentralized power, individual empowerment, an end to compulsory education, marriage and work: all are part of anarchy in everyday action.

Anything Can Happen
Fredy Perlman     Phoenix Press     $10.00
Collection of short-ish pieces from Perlman, many reprinted from Black & Red, that range from his early days as a Marx-inspired student insurgent in '68 Europe to his later libertarian-anarchist, anti-industrial ideas. Accessible and hopeful.

Bakunin & Nechaev
Paul Avrich     Freedom Press     $2.50
A tale of true revolutionary intrigue, in which the old radical is first smitten by, then spit upon by, the untrustworthy young fanatic.

Beyond Jonestown
Ed Dieckmann Jr.    $7.95
Ex-cop explores the alleged role of thought-control techniques in the Jonestown massacre in Guyana. Hard to find information!

The Bigger Tory Vote: The Covert  Sequestration of the Bigotry Vote
Nick Toczek     AK Press     $4.00
Well-documented book on how British fascists (National Front, etc.) have infiltrated the ruling Tory Party's far right wing, and how their hidden influence helped it hold power through the Thatcher years. 

Black Mask & Up Against the Wall Motherfuckers: The Incomplete Works of Ron Hahne, Ben Morea and the Black Mask Group
Unpopular Books     $11.00
Unpopular's first in a series of reprints of little-seen rad stuff, this is a collection of late-60s rants, raves, news stories, polemics and graphics from NYC-based Black Mask, a situ-, surrealist- and anarchist-influenced group that sought to meld the radical possibilities of art and action. Black Mask metamorphosed into the Motherfuckers, an underground revolutionary group. "Some of the best '60s radical shit I've ever seen." - Steve.

Black Swine in the Sewers of Hampstead
Thomas Boyle     Viking     $3.98
A great big hardback. Ammunition for fighting those "crime epidemic widening" stats, and funny, too. All about crime and sexuality in real Victorian England (as opposed to the PBS version).

The Bonnot Gang
Richard Parry     Rebel Press     $13.50
Did you know it was a gang of anarchist robbe The book's fun too.

Called To Serve
Bo Gritz     $29.95
Ramblings from the "populist" presidential candidate and survival entrepreneur.  600+  pages of Bo-Bo at his best.

Catechism of the Revolutionist
Sergei Nechayev     AK Press     $1.00
Over 100 years old, but still good advice for the aspiring revolutionary. Nechayev's timeless advice includes one of the first descriptions of and guidelines for cell-based ("leaderless") organization, 

Civil War & Civil Peace: Libertarian Aragon 1936-37
Graham Kelsey     The Anarchist Encyclopedeia, Monograph 1     $1.00
Well-written chapter on the little-known history of agrarian anarchism during the Spanish Revolution in the province of Aragon. A good buy - about 60 pages of material that you won't find elsewhere.

Class War: A Decade of Disorder
Ian Bone, Alan Pullen and Tim Scargill, eds.     Verso     $17.00
A retrospective on these self-styled working class heroes, full of "kill the rich" propaganda that you will enjoy. Anti-yuppie, anti-poll tax, anti-royal. We especially like their sports section (some of the best bits are included here).

Columbus, the Indians & Human Progress
Howard Zinn     Open Magazine Pamphlet Series     $3.50
A brief alternative history, eminently readable, from our favorite historian. Zinn has the great researcher's knack of putting everything in new perspective by going direct to the source and ferreting out "suppressed" information, such as the thoughts and actions of common people in addition to those of the ruling class.

Communism With the Mask Off
Joseph Goebbels     $4.00
Pre-war speech by Hitler's PR man, lays the blame for "international Bolshevism" at the feet of the Jews, a theme that's still an undercurrent in modern conspiratorial history. 

The Complete Manual of Pirate Radio
Zeke Teflon    See Sharp Press     $3.00
Your basic manual on setting up your own extra-legal radio station. For informational purposes only, of course.

Decline and Fall of the American Empire
Gore Vidal     Odonian Press     $5.00
Vitrolic and totally true stuff, culled from several of Vidal's recent speeches and essays. Al Gore's least favorite cousin goes to town on religion, political systems, the military and the "national security" establishment, all with the historical references you expect. Snappy and easy to read, part of Odonian's new "Real Story" series.

Down Below
Leonora Carrington     Black Swan Press      $4.95
Surrealist pioneer Carrington's account of her adventures in Spain and in the realm of insanity. With great collage illustrations by Chicago surrealist artist Debra Taub.

Drug Testing at Work
Beverly A. Potter, Ph.D. and J. Sebastian Orfali
Ronin Publishing     $17.95
For both employees and (dastardly) employers. How tests work, how to set up a testing program (urp), how employees can beat tests or defend positive results.

Dynamite: A Century of Class Violence in America
Louis Adamic     Rebel Press     $12.50
Exploitation, massacre ... and violent reaction. The story of America's early industrial union movement. Coxey's Army, Debs, the Wobblies, sabotage.

Ecodefense
Dave Foreman and Bill Haywood     Abbzug Press     $20.00
It's back - the classic book for would-be defenders of our lovely planet. A monkeywrencher's bible, with special attention paid to evading detection and preventing harm to humans. You'd be amazed what common items like sand, a hammer, a pair of wirecutters and a working brain can do. New, updated edition.

The Ego and Its Own
Max Stirner     Rebel Press     $18.50
A fine tirade against the tyranny of mass movements and organizations. Stirner, writing at the time of Marx (and often in reaction to the latter's work), steadfastly held individual self-determination as his highest value. A basic work that has been very influential on theorists and practitioners of both left- and right-wing politics.

Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Anarchism But Were Afraid to Ask
Black Sheep/Dark Star/Rebel Press     $2.50
The past year has probably heard the word "anarchy" misused more often than any other. What's it all about, really? A simple primer from England.

Failure to Quit: Reflections of an Optimistic Historian
Howard Zinn     Common Courage Press     $10.95
Zinn brings a radical historian's perspective to bear on struggle, war, higher education, Plato and more.  An interesting collection, all written with verve and wit.

Falsehood in Wartime
Arthur Ponsonby     $6.95
Remember that Kuwaiti girl telling Congress heart-rending stories of babies thrown from their incubators by evil Iraqi soldiers? Remember that she turned out to be a fake? Phony atrocity stories have always been in favor with any business interest or government that's trying to justify a war. This book is a classic (1928) exploration of how and why it's done. Might help you readjust your bullshit detector.

French Marxists and Their Anthropology
Pierre Clastres     C.P.     $1.00
Rabid critique of Marxist ethnology, which all-too-often reduces human relations to commodity and labor exchange mechanisms. This pamphlet is good reading and superb ammunition for taking bogus academics and their confining ideas to task.

Friendly Fascism: The New Face of Power in America
Bertram Gross     South End Press     $17.00
An American fascism could take many forms - theocracy a la Father Coughlin or Pat Robertson, a classically fascist state under a charismatic "populist" leader, or the more-likely scenario Gross envisions here: a collusion of Big Business and Big Government that manages affairs for the powerful few with Big Media to put a happy face on the whole mess (what did you say? we've already GOT that??). Luckily, the last chapter of this book is hopeful and provides some possible antidotes.

The Gemstone File
Jim Keith, ed.     IllumiNet Press     $14.95
You think you've read it all on the Kennedy assassination conspiracy? This collection of theories, stories and possibilities will blow your mind. The best version of "Gemstone" samizdat we've seen.

The German Guerilla: Terror, Reaction and Resistance
Cienfuegos Press/Soil of Liberty     $4.00
A history of terrorism in West Germany. Should make extra-interesting reading now that the Stasi (East German secret police) affiliations of many RAF types have been exposed.

Granddad's Wonderful Book of Chemistry
Kurt Saxon     Atlan Formularies     $24.95
A good basic chemistry book for the "home chemist," if you get our drift. Saxon explains how to, um, AVOID explosive combinations, now NOT to create poisons and other harmful or caustic compounds. With instructions for an easy-to-make, infinitely useful and inexpensive chem-lab you could set up in your basement - how to make your own beakers and stuff, too.

History of the Mahknovist Movement
Peter Arshinov    Freedom Press     $13.50
First-hand account, translated by Fredy Perlman, of the Mahknovist movement in revolutionary Ukraine. Rebelling against both the Czarists and the Bolsheviks, Nestor Mahkno (and his wife, a prominent feminist organizer in her own right) helped the agrarian workers claim and hold their own land for years through until finally overthrown by the Communist state's forces.

The Hoax of the Twentieth Century
Arthur R. Butz     Institute for Historical Review     $6.00
Revisionism 101: an examination of the Holocaust that's sure to provoke. Banned in Canada due to its political stance.

How it All Began: The Personal Account of a West German Urban Guerilla 
Bommi Baumann     Pulp Press     $5.95
Baumann was a member of the June 2nd Movement. This is an interesting account of an avowed anarchist who still  falls for the far left's programme, admiring Manson, doing drugs, and becoming a terrorist.

Imperium
Francis Parker Yockey     Noontide Press     $8.00
File this with Spengler's "Decline of the West" as an impassioned call to defend "Western"/European culture.

Individualism Reconsidered
Joe Peacott     B.A.D. Press     $4.50
A brief introduction to the ideas of individualist anarchism (as opposed to the collectivist varieties) from a member of the Boston Anarchist Drinking Brigade. (As anarchotribe names go, I still think Revolutionary Anarchist Bowling League, the infamous RABL, wins hands down.)

It's a Conspiracy!
The National Insecurity Council     EarthWorks Press     $9.95
Not the most complete conspiracy book, but which one is? It might be one of the funniest, however: Although the information is as serious as a heart attack, there are also plenty of laughs in the presentation. I guess it's the "if I didn't laugh I'd have to cry" syndrome. From JFK to Elvis to Malcolm X.

The Idle Warriors
Kerry Thornley     IllumiNet Press     $10.98
Why is Kerry crazy? Because he was Lee Harvey Oswald's Marine-era roommate, and wrote a book about it - before the Kennedy assassination! This is that book.

Intervention 20 (LeftRight) 10.00 
Australia's version of Semiotext(e), this is mostly about deconstructionism, post-modernism etc. A must-have for  Semiotext(e) readers."I give this zine-book two thumbs up" - Steve

Intervention 21/22 (Flesh)    $10.00 
This issue's theme centers around the concept of the body and its role in this "post-modern" age of ours.

Juice is Stranger Than Friction: Selected Writings of T-Bone Slim
Franklin Rosemont, editor     Charles H. Kerr     $8.95
T-Bone Slim was a writing hobo and seaman, an IWW man who penned some grand old Wobbly songs, pungent one-liners, funny stories and amusing propaganda of the highest order. Terrific slogans to laugh with and live by.
    
Message to the People: The Course of African Philosophy
Marcus Garvey     The Majority Press     $9.95
Black Muslim theology, Black separatism, Rastafarianism all share one common factor: the teachings of Marcus Garvey. Garvey preached  self-reliance, led an American-based back-to-Africa movement, and the lectures collected here were the core of a course in community organizing and self-preservation that is still of value today.

The Myth of the Twentieth Century
Alfred Rosenberg     $19.00
Nazi philosophy, attempts to prove that "Aryan"/Nordic and Jewish folks will forever be locked in spiritual and intellectual conflict because of their allegedy different moral values.

Naskapi Independence and the Caribou
Alan Cooke     35"
An oddity for this catalog, perhaps, this little pamphlet delves into the destruction of a spirited, self-sufficient Northern Indian tribe by traders of the Hudson's Bay Company.

On the Mass Bombing of Iraq and Kuwait, Commonly Known as "the Gulf War"
Tom Leonard     AK Press     $4.50
British take on the recent unpleasantness in the Middle East, media manipulation, etc. with "Leonard's Shorter Catechism," a Mencken-like dictionary flaming the even more obscurantist Brit equivalents of terms like "smart bombs."

On Organization
Jacques Camatte and the Invariace group     50"
A somewhat Stirnerite meditation on how political groups invariably become representative in nature. Not a good plan if it's false schemes of representation you're opposing! The group that produced this pamphlet dissolved itself shortly thereafter.

Poll Tax Rebellion
Danny Burns     AK Press     $10.00
What is they gave a tax and nobody came? This book, which landed our pal the publisher in deep hot water, provides the answer. Most Americans are blissfully unaware of the poll tax (an equal tax on every person, regardless of income or age) perpetrated on Scotland in 1989. The plan was to to test it there first, then expand it to the rest of the Motherland. But the proles refused to pay, and the taxman was faced with a Revolting spectacle. 

The Poor Man's James Bond, Vol. 2
Kurt Saxon     Atlan Formularies     $24.95
You were expecting to find the Anarchist Cookbook somewhere in here? Fat chance - it's full of misinformation and we'd hate to see anyone get hurt, now wouldn't we?  You never know what fool might want to build homemade bombs, play with improvised munitions or build grenades on the kitchen table. We recommend simply READING about such things. This book should satisfy your curiosity.

The Poor Man's James Bond, Vol. 3
Kurt Saxon     Atlan Formularies     $24.95
More stuff for weapons buffs, from a full basic gunsmithing course to homemade silencers, booby traps, blowguns and knife-making.  Absolutely fascinating (don't try this stuff at home, kids - for informational purposes only.)

Progress Without People: In Defense of Luddism
David F. Noble     Charles H. Kerr     $15.00
"Luddite" is generally thrown as an insult, meaning someone who opposed technology without reason. The original Luddites had plenty of reasons to raise a ruckus, however - they were trying to save their reputation for high quality, not to mention their ability to set their own woking conditions. Noble brings these ideas into the age of computers, robots, "Total Quality Management" scams - and Microserfs with an bad attitude.

Race First
Tony Martin     The Majority Press     $10.95
This comprehensive history of Marcus Garvey's Universal Negro Improvement Association includes an excellent bibliography for students of early African-American history, including information on as-yet-unexplored archives. Plus it's well-written, and includes background information on splits in the movement that reverberate to this day.

Sabate: Guerilla Extraordinaire
Antonio Tellez     Elephant Editions     $6.00
Compelling story of the Spanish anti-fascist, guerilla fighter and bank robber, his life and times.

Sabotage In the American Workplace
Martin Sprouse, editor     Pressure Drop Press     $12.00
This is one fine book, full of anecdotes of screwing those who've screwed you (many of them by friends of ours, I might add...) From computer logic bombs to petty theft, it's all here in hilarious detail, and in perspective.

Secret Societies and Psychological Warfare
Michael A. Hoffman II     $6.95
Hysterical volume laying out those alleged links between the Masons and various caonspiracies. This volume offers much entertainment and, who knows, maybe even some actual education.

The Secret Screen
Art Tinnitus     $4.00
A compendium of articles from the monthly newsletter of San Francisco's Cacophony Society, a group of urban wildpeople dedicated to creating Fun.

Seige
James Mason     Storm Books     $20.00 ( signed)
Hot - very hot - off the presses, this is a strange, interesting, provocative, outrageous book from a follower of both Hitler and Manson. Mason writes about Armed Struggle with capitol letters for a reason. Excellent reading for those who want to know the extreme radical right's strategy, including urban warfare plans. "It's the most interesting  political theory I have read for a long while, he's well-read, smart , and just  happens to be a  nazi." - Steve.

Shrink Resistant: The Struggle Against Psychiatry in Canada
Bonnie Burstow and Don Weitz, eds.     New Star Books     $11.95
This hardbound volume is a collection of writings by current and former inmates of psychiatric institutions, talking about psychiatric abuse and practice in Canada, including electroshock, horrible drug therapies, the CIA-funded LSD experiments of Dr. Alan Cameron, psychiatric abuse of indigenous peoples, and more. All first-person and absolutely compelling, includes international anti-psychiatry resources.

Stefano Delle Chiaie: Portrait of a Black Terrorist
Stuart Christie     Black Papers No. 1     $13.25
Delle Chiaie is a neo-fascist Italian terrorist linked with numerous outrages, including the 1980 Bologna railway station bombing that took 85 innocent lives. This book outlines his links to the neo-fascists. Author Stuart Christie tried to  assassinate Franco in the 1960s at the age of sixteen.

The Survivor, Vol. 4
Kurt Saxon     Atlan Formularies     $24.95
Saxon is a down-to-earth survivalist with intimate knowledge of what he's talking about. His anti-religious stance is a refreshing change from the usual Xtian/"prepare for the Rapture" crap in other survivalist books. Basically, this thick, large-format volume lays out instructions and tools and processes for  stuff like wind generators, making sauerkraut, making bricks, building and using a simple loom and even making toys. He's a fan of 19th-century technology as well as newer discoveries. Fun or essential to read, depending on if you expect civil war to erupt next week.

Syndicalism
Earl C. Ford and William Z. Foster     Charles H. Kerr     $7.95
An excellent starting point for studies in radical labor history. The syndicalist movement influenced on not only anarchism and conventional labor organizing, but fascism as well. 

The Teenage Liberation Handbook
Grace Llewellyn     $14.95
Subtitled "how to quit school and get a real life and education," this hefty book is filled with realistic alternatives to boring high school crap, from farming to science. Good for grown-up slackers in search of a life, too!

Terrorizing the Neighborhood
Noam Chomsky     AK Press/Pressure Drop Press     $6.00
Chomsky's take on the origins, goals and implications of US foreign policy since WWII, right up to the "New World Order" of today. Written like a good lecture from an excellent and easy-to-understand professor, which pretty much sums up Chomsky himself.

Towards a Citizen's Militia: Anarchist  Alternatives to NATO and the Warsaw Pact
1st of May Group     Cienfuegos Press     $4.00
How can people protect themselves without creating a standing military, complete with hierarchy and the danger of coups? This slender book provides ideas and concrete plans for organization, tactics and more. For all irregular warfare fans.

Unfinished Business: The Politics of Class War
Class War Federation     AK Press     $11.00
Damn fine reading, good ale required whilst enjoying. Mitzi read this in the parking lot of the Christian Patriots bookstore in Boring to ward off evil spirits while Steve filled out his Christian Identity book collection. Politics of everyday revolution stuff, calculated to inspire thought and, perhaps, action. 

The Wandering of Humanity
Jaques Camatte     Black & Red     $2.25
Essays that aim for a new critique of capitalism, taking ideas from and criticizing in turn sources as disparate as Marx, Valerie Solanas and Foucault.

We Build the Road as We Travel
Roy Morrison     New Society     $16.95
For all those who wonder what the new world could look like. This is an examination of the Mondragon cooperative movement in Spain's Basque region, which has created 21,000 jobs with good pay in worker-owned co-ops, with an aim of abolishing wage-labor. With how-to info as well.

Without A Trace
"Moriarty"     HMSO     $4.00
Written with British street insurgents from the anarchist, anti-nuke and animal rights movements in mind, this interesting pamphlet details ways such people avoid capture and detection. Includes sections on fingerprints and other traces sometimes left behind, surveillance techniques, spotting the plainclothes and how New Scotland Yard works. Certainly of academic interest to many.

Zenanarchy
Kerry Thornley     IllumiNet Press     $9.98
"...a book to teach and create, in the guise of a work intended to amuse and delight." - Mike Gunderloy. OK, so Kerry's crazy. But some of his stuff is worth reading.


SITUATIONIST THEORY ETC.

An endless adventure Ian endless passionI an endless banquet
Iwona Blazwick, editor     Verso     $18.95
The infamous Situationist scrapbook with the sandpaper cover - it destroys all your other books, and we're just talking about the contents I Kindly wrapped in plastic.

Best of Biff
Chris Garratt/Mick Kidd    Impact Books     $10.00
Extremely funny Brit comic that parodies those godawful romance comics that all us girlz remember so unfondly. These are single-frame funnies that originally appeared as cards, suitable for refrigerator posting. Reads like it's Situationist-inspired, even if it isn't.

The Book of Pleasures
Raoul Vaneigem     Pending Press     $12.00
A book about the positive use of doing exactly what you feel like, and the political implications thereof. Ways of getting beyond your identity as worker/consumer.

Bureau of Public Secrets 1
Ken Knaab, ed.      Bureau of Public Secrets    $1.50
Situationist-inspired essays on society, "theory," women, detournment, etc.

Comments on the Society of the Spectacle
Guy Debord     Pirate Press     $4.75
Debord's take on the progression of spectacular capitalism, written in 1988. Especially concentrates on the role of secret societies, assassination and secret governments. First published by Verso, this is a cheaper edition.

Enrags and Situationists in the Occupation Movement, France, May '68
Ren Vinet     Autonomedia/Rebel Press     $10.00
Insider's day-by-day account of the events of May '68, from the most radical groups involved. Songs, graffiti, comics.

If I Wasn't Alexander I Would Like to be Diogenes
Roberto Ohrt     Left Bank Books     $2.00
An essay exploring the links between Lettrism and the situationists, with emphass on examining the role of Guy Debord.

None Shall Escape: Radical Perspectives in the Caribbean
Fundi     $2.75
Info on events in Grenada and Jamaica from the point of view of a Jamaican situationist. With color map.

The Realization and Suppression of Religion
Ken Knaab     Bureau of Public Secrets     $1.50
Situ pamphlet on the spiritual/religious impulse and what to do with it in a revolutionary context.

The Reproduction of Daily Life
Fredy Perlman     Black & Red     $1.75
Perlman's work was always consistently good - this is one of his best-known essays in pamphlet form. An excellent explanation of commodity fetishism, modern capitalism, and what they're doing to our lives.

The Revolution of Everyday Life
Raoul Vaneigem     
Left Bank Books/Rebel Press     $12.00
With "Society of the Spectacle," the book that instigated the events of May 1968 in France and created a new critique of consumer society (and how to end it). You may have to wait a little longer to receive this than usual. We are waiting for a brand-new, retranslated edition with additional material - it's at the printer as of March 1994.

The Right to be Greedy: Theses on the Practical Necessity of Demanding Everything
For Ourselves     $6.95
An American Situationist classic, this egoist manifesto is both hilarious and thought-provoking.

Situationist International 1
Extreme Press     $4.50
The first volume of essays from the American branch of the SI  - and our own first publication. This thick pamphlet is full of juicy stuff, including critiques of McLuhan, genetic engineering, the theory/action problem and more.

Situationist International Anthology
Ken Knaab, ed.     Bureau of Public Secrets     $15.00
An excellent starting point for those interested in the Situationist critique.

Society of the Spectacle
Guy Debord     Black & Red     $4.50
The basic situ text from one of the SI's founders.

Society of the Spectacle and Other Films
Guy Debord     Rebel Press     $12.00
The full texts of Debord's first five films.

Ten Days That Shook The University
Situationist International     $2.00
Probably the most widely-known situ text. Originally titled "On the Poverty of Student Life," it documents the anger and boredom among French students that led to the near-revolution of 1968.

Vague #16/17     $8.50
Not strictly political but definately situ-inspired, Vague is one of the coolest (and hugest) Brit underground zines of the past two decades. This is the Psychic Terrorism issue with "If..." revisited, Angry Brigade, Psychick TV, Tom Vague's Xmal Deutchland European tour diary, the usual very fabulous graphics.

Vague #20      $8.50
Televisionaries issue with terrorism & alternatives to terrorism, Spectacular Times, great graphics and comix.

Vague #21      $8.50
The Cyber-punk issue with Jon Savage interview, Blade Runner, gratuitous comix, Class War.

Vague #22      $8.50
Media sickness issue. Paris '68, Jamie Reid interview, Situationism (one of the better articles on the subject).

Vague #23     $9.00
The "God Told Me To Do It" issue. Tom writes his own wild Twin Peaks diary. Interesting (and glossy!) comix section, a "history of Vague," Stewart Home stuff, more.

The Veritable Split in the International: Public Circular of the Situationist International
Situationist International     Chronos Publications     $14.25
End documents of the group convened precisely to create and encourage that moment at which capitalism begins its final collapse. This book includes some official obituaries, which serve equally well as birth announcements.

Zapatistas: Spreading Hope for Grassroots Change
Marc Cooper     $4.00
Curious for the straight dope on what's up in Chiapas, Mexico? Cooper cuts through the corrupt Mexican government's PR campaign to explain the roots of this indigenous rebellion. Includes full text of rebel communiques, suggestions for was to support the Zapatistas from here. An Open Magazine pamphlet.


SPECTACULAR TIMES

We love these little books and you will too. They will love you back with subversive ideas about the phony work time/"free" time dichotomy, encouraging you to take revolution not just to the streets but to where you work and play. 

Animals
Spectacular Times     $2.50
On animal rights and human rights: how the factory farm and spectacular production mesh.

The Bad Days Will End
Spectacular Times 12     Pocketbook Series     $2.00
Feeling vaguely pissed off, ripped off, isolated and angry? It's hard not to in a society that treats you like a disposable diaper. This little volume offers hopeful thoughts of how we could transform our lives.

Bigger Cages, Longer Chains
Spectacular Times     $1.00
Isn't that what most "leftists" are really asking for? Is it what you really want? An exploration of possibilities of freedom.

Fin de Spectacle?
Spectacular Times     $1.50
A pocket-book of situationist theory, slogans, cartoons and general subversion. Nice to keep nearby at work : )

Images and Everyday Life
Spectacular Times 1&2     Pocketbook Series     $1.75
Word/picture collages that illustrate the problem and potential solutions.

The Media
Spectacular Times 3     Pocketbook Seres     $2.00
Yup, there's a reason they call TV shows "programs" I ST presents some musings on the nature of the mass-media spectacle and its use as an instrument of control.

More of the Shame
Spectacular Times     $1.75
Another taste o' situ ideas from these Brits.

Revolutionary Self-Theory:  A Beginners' Manual
Spectacular Times    $2.50
A pocket book on thinking for yourself, creating your own revolution here and now. Subversive and mind-expanding.

The Spectacle: A Skeleton Key
Spectacular Times     $1.75
An excellent mini-primer on situationism in collage, text and graphic form.

Spectacular Times: Cities of Illusion
Larry Law     Spectacular Times     $1.50
A pocket book of evil-tasting mind candy. Put it in your lunchbox.

A True Historie & Account of the Pyrate Captain Mission 
Larry Law     Spectacular Times     $2.00
A historical account of an early libertarian-anarchist society on the island of Madagascar, pocket-book size.


SPIRITUALITY, RELIGION & HIGH WEIRDNESS

African Origins of the Major "Western Religions"
Yosef A.A. ben-Jochannan     Black Classic Press     $24.95
Historian and Egyptologist ben-Jochannan provides the reader with an examination of the history, beliefs and myths that are at the root of Christianity, Judaism and Islam, bringing the seminal contributions of Africans and African spirituality into the conversation.

FUTHARK: A Handbook of Rune Magic
Edred Thorsson     Samuel Weiser Inc.     $8.95
Of interest not only to Nordic types and magicians, but also to calligraphers, tattoo artists and students of ancient European history. Fascinating stuff: for instance, did you know that the heart symbol (as in "I [heart] stun guns") is actually a runic representation of female genitals and buttocks?

Mad Farmer's Jubillee Almanack
Winter 1993     $4.00
The last issue of MSM (see below), and a new beginning. It features a number of alternative calendars, new holidays for your enjoyment, psychic weather reports, and communiques from Dreamtime Village.

The Moorish Science Monitor #7     $3.00
The lavishly-illustrated 'zine of the Moorish Orthodox Church, an amalgam of real history, fantasy, play and humor. Wa salaam!

The Moorish Science Monitor, Grand Jubilee issue     $3.00
"Wake up and dream" is the theme of this collage-and-text zine. Includes an interesting ethnographic history lesson on the "Black Irish," or celtic moors, if you will, from the  MOC-allied Blackthorn League.

The Moorish Science Monitor, Vol. V, #1 (Winter 90/91)     $1.00
More anarcho-sufi stuff, this issue concerning the concept of hygiene. Slim yet satisfying.

The Moorish Science Monitor, Vol. V, #2 (Summer 91)     $1.00
An anarcha-feminist critique of the family from Hakim Bey, with which Mitzi does not wholly agree. But it's a good read and thought-provoking. Other stuff on the same subject, too.

The Moorish Science Monitor, Vol. V, #3 (Spring 91)     $1.00
A manifesto/rumination on Immediatism, which is NOT (repeat, not!) an art movement.  And an examination of the GOD/DOG concept from Hakim Bey's peculiar Islamic point of view.

Principia Discordia (or, How I Found the Goddess and What I Did To Her When I Found Her)
Greg Hill and Kerry Thornley     $6.95
A religion disguised as a joke, or a joke disguised as a religion?  Or both? With an introduction by Robert Anton Wilson. The first printing of this was run off on New Orleans DA Jim Garrison's mimeograph machine in the late 1950s, conspiracy fans.

Radio Sermonettes
Moorish Orthodox Radio Crusade Collective     The Libertarian Book Club     $3.50
A zine-style volume on the Moorish Orthodox Church, a hipster-fueled outgrowth of Black Islam that, inexplicably, is still going strong.

Santeria: A Practical Guide to  Afro-Caribbean Magic
Luis Manuel Nunez     Spring Publications     $16.00
You could call this a Santeria primer, Santeria being the much-maligned religious system of many Caribbean people. Mixing elements of African religion, Catholicism and probably what's left of Carib spirituality, it's immediate, passionate and multifaceted.

Santeria: African Spirits in America
Joseph M. Murphy     Beacon Press     $14.00
More of a sociological look at Santeria and how it "works," but written by an academic of the participant-observer school. Fascinating inside account filled out with history and more.

Three-Fisted Tales of "Bob"
Rev. Ivan Stang, Ed.     Simon & Schuster     $10.95
A companion volume for your "Book of the Subgenius" - more from America's favorite homegrown "religion."

[See also, listings for Feral House Books, Autonomedia, Politics]


SEX, GENDER & RELATED ISSUES

ACT UP, The AIDS War & Activism
George M. Carter     Open Magazine Pamphlet Series     $3.50
This pamphlet includes a brief history of ACT UP, the basics known to date on AIDS, addresses and phone numbers for more info, and a wealth of info on what's up in the lives of those living with the disease, including alternative treatments, funding, housing and insurance issues.

Against Separatism
Joe Peacott, ed.     B.A.D. Press     $3.00
One of the more controversial anarchist pamphlets of the 90s, this is a collection of writings in opposition to feminist and queer separatism. Equating gynocentrism and heterophobia with nationalism is an interesting position, and the boys and girls of B.A.D. back it up well, championing individual liberation and an androgynous sexual outlook.

Body Play and Modern Primitives Quarterly	
Vol. 1, No. 4     $10
A mag for the piercing set with some neato tattoos, branding, instructions on waist cinching and other body modification stuff. If you're into it, this is interesting. Fakir Mustaphar (who you might have seen in REsearch's "Modern Primitives" book) is the editor.

The Lesbian S/M Safety Manual
Pat Califia    Lace Publications     $7.95
A good S/M manual that's not just for dykes. One of the best '80s how-to books on any subject. How to play it safe, both physically and emotionally (the latter is left out of many straight S/M books).

Macho Sluts
Pat Califia, editrix     Alyson Publications    $9.95
Erotic fiction anthology with an S/M edge. A little earth mama goddess shit but not too much. Plenty of humor with the sex,  lots of original (ahem ...) situations.

SCUM Manifesto
Valerie Solanas     $4.00
There's more belly-laughs in this book than in most comic's stand-up routines. Of course, Solanas took this "Society for Cutting Up Men" business seriously...  she tried to off the he-man Andy Warhol. Recommended reading, and not just for lesbian separatists or Bobbittizers. 

Susie Sexpert's Lesbian Sex World
Susie Bright     Cleis Press     $9.95
Susie Bright, the On Our Backs editor and increasingly well-known lecturer on pornography, safe sex and fun, This book was her tour of the lesbian nation, profiling its little subcultures and mining out bits of info. It's extremely funny, such as the part on how she unknowingly simulated oral sex on a Lutheran minister when demo'ing dental dams.

Susie Bright's Sexual Reality: A Virtual Sex World Reader
Susie Bright     Cleis Press     $9.95
It's fun, it's lighthearted, it's everyone's favorite vibrator saleslady turned erotic missionary. Bright's anti-censorship, pro-good sex attitude is refreshing. A dyke Dr. Ruth with something of value for straights too.  The "virtual" in the title means, yes, there's stuff on phones, computers and other safe-sex technologies.

Urban Aboriginals: A Celebration of Leathersexuality
Geoff Mains     Gay Sunshine Press     $14.95
An insider biologist's examination of gay S/M culture as an impromptu tribal-bonding thing and as a way to work out issues of oppression, anger and social roles.

Zeitgeist		
Issue Four     $17.95
Lotsa pix and stories about English folks who are all tied up and ready to stay where you put them. Nice rubber clothes in the fashion shoots.

(See also, Art & Comix, Fiction, REsearch and other sections)


"ART" AND COMIX

The Art of Anarchy
Flavio Costantini     Black Flag     $10.00
Illustrations of famous moments in early anarchist history. Constantini's style is sometimes reminiscent of stained glass, or collage, or even photorealism. All profits go to the Anarchist Black Cross, which helps support political prisoners and old anarchists (a good cause, sez us).

The Assault on Culture: Utopian Currents From Lettrisme to Class War
Stewart Home     AK Press     $13.00
Any book that can range from the French avant garde to our favorite wannabe revolutionaries can't be all wrong. It's actually quite the good read, this collection of essay-like bits on Bauhaus, the SI, punk, mail art etc.  "An A-1 fake book for  intellectual hipsters like you" - Mitzi.

Betty Page: Queen of Pin-Up
Taschen     $9.99
Like all Taschen art books, this one includes text in English, German and French. Great shots of Betty Page, the queen of the bondage pin-up and Irving Klaw's favorite subject. Page is absolutely adorable, and everything is in innocent fun. Collectors and pin-up fans will enjoy.

Blab! #7		$8.95
Comic magazine, this time featuring strips from Joe Coleman, Spain Rodriguez, Mark Trujillo, more. Hilarious take on H. Ross Perot by Mark Freidman.

Confessions of a Rat Fink: The Life and Times of Ed "Big Daddy" Roth
Howie Kusten     Topper Books     $12.95
Basically this is a stream of consciousness true life story, straight from the master of hot rods and funny-car art and silly comix. Lots of very cool old illustrations, of course, neat cover by Mitzi's ex-bandmate (and Roth's current "Rat Fink" artist), R.K. Sloane. Buy it so Rick can pay the bills,  he deserves it.

The Education of Desire: The Anarchist Graphics of Clifford Harper
Anarres Cooperative     $11.50
This is just a really fine book. A retrospective of Harper's work in a variety of media, not just the woodcut-like drawings for which he is best known. With lengthy (and very interesting) interviews that cover three decades of working and living the radical life in Britain.

The Festival of Plagiarism
Stewart Home     $5.50
Home is a proponent of the artist's version of "sampling." An account of several plagiarized-art shows, plus theory. Funny and interesting.

Hajime Sorayama
Taschen     $9.99
Sorayama could be described as a Japanese Olivia - these are detailed, realistic renderings of fantasy girls in alluring poses, including some (for you cybersex fans) that are rather metallic and/or robotic. There are pop-art elements as well that add another dimension to his work.

HR Giger ARh+
Taschen      $9.99
All in English. A excellent - and very inexpensive - retrospective of Giger's work, with a book-length interview. If you thought the sets for Alien were awesome you will love this.

Jeanloup Sieff Posterbook
Taschen     $8.99
Like Helmut Newton, Sieff's black-and-white images walk the tightrope between fetish and fashion. Sieff's photos have a kinder, healthier, non-misogynist focus, however.  These classy, frameable prints would add something to any underdecorated room.

Jeux de Dames Cruelles 1850-1960
Serge Nazarieff     Taschen     $9.99
Lots of silly spanking photos, certainly a find for the aficionado, and poster designers, those looking for cool stuff to scan for a collage or screen saver design etc. will doubtless enjoy these. Some very artistic shots, from French postcards to Irving Klaw.

Jeff Koons  postcard book   
Taschen   $4.99
A small retrospective, from the silly to the sublime, of this pop artist's kitschy work. Printed on 30 postcards that you can mail to friends or enemies, depending on what you think of his stuff.

Joel-Peter Witkin: Forty Photographs
SF Museum of Modern Art     $20.00
Culled mostly from Witkin's 85/86 exhibition, this is the least expensive  collection of his photos currently available. These are dark, disturbing tableaux-like arrangements that combine live (and occasionally dead) models with animal parts, religious icons and collage-like elements. Witkin is one of the art world's biggest jerks, but his work is undeniably interesting and compelling.

Kustom Kulture
Von Dutch, Ed "Big Daddy" Roth, Robert Williams & others
Laguna Art Museum/Last Gasp     $29.95
Companion volume to the landmark 1993 exhibit that finally gave these outsider artists their due. From hot rods and custom bikes to those cool Rat Fink models and "fine art" pieces, these guys combine industrial design with surrealism, color and plain old insanity to create new artforms. Coolest coffee-table book you could ever put on display.

Neoist Manifestos/The Art Strike Papers
Stewart Home     AK Press     $13.00
One of the UK's more dashing cultural terrorists, speaking about "art" now that the strike is over. Didn't know there was an art strike? Read this to find out why.

Paranoia Star
Suehiro Maruo     Kawade Personal Comics     $19.75
An unusual Japanese "manga" (comic) book. Violent, gory, surreal. Combines horrific imagery with concentration camp and Nazi photos. Text in Japanese (but don't let that stop you), imagines Axis takeover of US. Disturbing. Same guy who did Dr. Arashi's Amazing Freak Show.

Pierre et Gilles
Taschen      $9.99 
Their artwork is hard to describe. Some of this two-man team's influences are Catholic kitsch, Hindu kitsch, Soviet realism and surrealism, with a strong of homo-eroticism meets 3-D postcards meets the Thunderbolts and old kids' shows from the 1960's. For example, Boy George was their model for Shiva.

Sexy Dreams
Taschen     $9.99
A collection of artistic modern pin-ups in a variety of styles, from science-fiction/fantasy to cyberpunk to more traditional. The subjects are all lovely and come in all races, some with tattoos, various cute outfits etc. Contributions from many different artists, including Olivia and a number of Japanese erotica specialists.

Tom of Finland
Taschen     $9.99
Bargain price for  a nice set of Tom's homoerotic art. Not the same as the "retrospective" collection, although there is considerable overlap.

Tom Of Finland  postcard book
Taschen     $4.99 
Tom does it again with those big , we mean  BIG,  men on  30  little postcards. Just be aware that you might experience trouble sending these through the postal service.

Tom of Finland Posterbook
Taschen     $8.99
Six 31 x 44 cm posters, suitable for framing. Cover is a sexy Santa Claus - maybe this would make a good Xmas gift for someone you know?

Tom of Finland Retrospective No. 1
London Press     $27.50
Something to give the OCA fits, and you might like it too. Tom's gay erotica leans toward the leather/uniforms set, all the guys are more developed than anything seen in real life ever. This book includes drawings from 1946 to 1987.

The Tradition of Constructivism
Stephen Bann, ed.     Da Capo Press     $3.98
Heavy-duty history of this revolution-inspired art movement, the first time many writings have been available in English. Thick trade paperback includes chronology, illustrations, extensive bibliography. "A great read!" - Steve.

The Unknown Deserter: Nine Drawings by Clifford Harper
Working Press     $4.00
A story in pictures of a British deserter executed in WWI. A good little book.

Variant #14     $11.50
Britain's best art magazine , this issue is mostly about video artists, and a little about the whole cyberpunk thing and its relation to viddies, etc.

Views from a Tortured Libido
Robert Williams     Last Gasp     $24.95
A showcase of 60 of Williams' wacky oil paintings, which combine psychedelic visions with American pop-culture iconography. 

Visual Addiction: The Art of Robert Williams
Last Gasp     $24.95
Williams mixes all-American elements like pin-up girls, tattoo art, influences from Big Daddy Roth, advertising and collage to come up with an original strange brew. Illos in both black and white and color. "I have to admit to liking Williams' titles better than his art, but I know that nearly all my buds think his stuff is great. " - Mitzi.

Wild Wheels
Harrod Blank     Pomegranate  Press     $25.00
If you loved the movie (or didn't get to see it), you'll really love this book. Great shots and stories about wacky "art cars" created by both "folk" and "serious" artists. Coffeetable-quality hardback, includes Portland's own "Our Lady of Perpetual Combustion" car.

Zombie Mystery Paintings
Robert Williams     Last Gasp     $24.95
The subtitle, "40 masterpieces that are morally insolvent and grossly artistic," pretty much says it all about this newest Rob't Williams collection. With pseudo-art-crit commentary that's really funny.


MUSIC THAT MATTERS

Black Words on White Paper: Clock DVA
Contempo International      $20.00
Complete with a CD of unreleased industrial meanderings, this small, sealed book looks like essential reading and looking for fans.

Einsturzende Neubaten
Stampa Alternativa      $17.40
Visually arresting book that includes bilingual (English/Italian) interviews with the German masters of industrial music, plus biographies, discographies and lyrics. Also includes a Mini-CD of unreleased material.

Hawkwind: The Never Ending Story of the Psychedelic Warlords
Materiali Sonori Exports     $17.40
Slim bilingual book with photos and an unreleased CD recorded live in 1990. Songs include "TV Suicide" and "Hi Tech Cities" - book (which is sealed) surely contains some good, weird stuff on this influential band.

Rhythmajik: Practical Uses of Number, Rhythm and Sound
Z'ev     Temple Press     $17.95
Equal parts magic book and music book. Z'ev's work is usually categorized as "industrial," although the underlying framework that uses is anything but. This volume lays out his methods for linking sounds with alchemical, astrological, magical and mathematical equivalents to create compositions that he believes are powerful on more than one level.

Sonic Life: Inside Sonic Youth
Materiali Sonori Exports     $17.40
Bilingual biography, interviews, photos, complete discography and lyric sheets from this New York-based cult favorite.With a bonus 7" single of unreleased music.

Tape Delay
Charles Neal     SAF Publishing Ltd.     $19.95
Interviews and essays and photos on all sorts of noise-oriented bands. Steve says it's great music writing - and he HATES music (or so he claims). Einsturzende, Psychic TV, Sonic Youth, Laibach, New Order, Test Dept. etc.

Uncle Willie's Highly Opinionated Guide to The Residents
Ralph America     $13.95
There's never been anything like a Residents show for combining music, costumes, sets, insanity and surreal/seemingly accidental comedy. Not even Devo (although the comparison could be made). This fairly thick book includes everything from album art to interviews with The Masked Ones themselves.

(See also Art, REsearch, Autonomedia and other sections.)


LITERATURE & OTHER STUFF

Steve thinks that maybe in this section you might be browsing by favorite author, so we arranged it differently. Hope you don't mind.

J.G. Ballard
War Fever
$3.99
Short stories in a speculative fiction vein, with the usual Ballard surrealism, humor and apocalyptic subject matter.

William  Burroughs   
Electronic Revolution  
Expanded Media Editions  ( German Import)     $8.50
As always, prescient commentary from one of the 20th Century's few masters.

William Burroughs     
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
Expanded Media Editions  ( German Import)     $11.50
In English and German, with very interesting illustrations. A transcription of a Spaceship Earth-themed speech by Burroughs plus a related interview, with far-reaching ruminations on human destiny and outer space, evolution, virus theory, etc.

William Burroughs     
Naked Scientology/Ali's Smile
Expanded Media Editions   ( German Import)  $9.50
Burroughs' infamous rant on Scientology ("no body of knowledge needs an organizational policy,") plus a short story with a Scientologist theme.

William Burroughs   
Painting & Guns  
Hanuman Books     $5.95
Wanted to buy this adorable little book but the ones at the bookstore had been fondled to death? There's a lot of interesting stuff packed into its 3" by 4" format. All about how Burroughs creates those art pieces with doors, paint, guns, explosives etc., plus his general philosophy of art.

Buzz Callaway     
Specimen Tank
Manic d Press     $9.95
A kinda sick story about a couple of losers who end up as drug-test subjects in New Jersey. The writing's good, the material's provocative, and there are laughs and pathos.

Creation Press sampler
Cease To Exist
Creation Press     $9.95
Stories from several writers, including Rollins, James Havoc and Aaron Williamson. Mostly about sex and death, obsessive, disgusting stuff.  "Mitzi hates it, I ain't made up my mind yet" - Steve.

M. Gilland     
The Free
Attack International     $7.50
Fiction that could inspire a revolution. When Linda whacks a nun, her freedom - and the world's - has just begun.

Brion Gysin
Dreamachine Plans
Temple Press Limited     $6.00
This pamphlet, now distributed by the Temple Ov Psychick Youth's publishing wing, lays out instructions and includes templates for building one of the most low-tech devices for altering your consciousness without drugs. Note: avoid if you're prone to seizures.

Brion Gysin     
Morocco Two
Inkblot Publications     $6.00
Apparently a film script for a dramatic and funny film set in exotic locales.

Richard Hell
Artifact: Notebooks from Hell 1974-80
Hanuman Books     $6.00
Richard Hell was Mitzi's most-lusted-after punk rocker of the 70s, with his brooding eyes, gorgeous lips, tight black jeans (pant pant pant). Plus he wrote great poetry, and put it to rockin' music. This teeny tiny book is jam-packed with stuff that reads like diary entries from a troubled and brilliant boy.  Drugs, sex, NY punk scene insider tidbits, and well-written to boot.

Stewart Home     
Pure Mania
Polygon     $20.00
This is the closest thing to punk/skinhead pulp you can find (at least until Mitzi finishes her novelI). Vegan nazis and anarchists run amok in London's East End, lotsa sex and violence. It's an import, hence the price, but you'll like it so much you'll want to share it with a friend. We promise!

Herbert Huncke
Guilty Of Everything
Hanuman     $6.00
A great little book by the street hustler who gave Bill Burroughs his first taste of junk. Huncke retells those great stories about New York in the forties and fifties. Yeah, he was a junkie who ripped off his friends , but fuck, that's what junkies do, he at least is amusing about it.

G.X. Jupiter-Larsen     
Raw Zed & the Condor
Bloodprint Press     $10.00
An experimental novel that has a very stream-of-wigged-out-consciousness feel to it. Having to do with motorcycles and highways.

Comte de Lautrmont	
Les Chants de Maldoror
New Directions     $11.95
No, it's not in French: the title means "songs of Maldoror." The first proto-surrealist classic, it's by a Uruguayan author of whom no pictures or other information exists. Tres macabre: everything from the joys of maggots to shark sex.

Jon Longhi     
Bricks and Anchors
Manic D Press     $7.00
Stories, rather strange ones. Very short, most of them. Mixing subjects from personal narrative, all a bit stream of consciousness. Character sketches, unfinished fragments.

Lydia Lunch     
Incriminating Evidence
Last Gasp     $12.95
Since the gal never shuts up, it's surprising that La Lunch still has anything left to say. Lots of rants, printed in capital letters just so you get the point. Also some sexy photos and some kinda creepy illustrations by Kristian Hoffman. And what seems to be transcripts of conversations. Sometimes Lydia is tiresome and sometimes her stuff is compelling.

Portable Lower East Side: V. 8 #1: Live Sex Acts     $7.00
A magazine/mini-book with contributions from several of New York's finest, including Richard Hell, Krzysztof Wodiczko, Annie Sprinkle and Herbert Huncke. The accent, obviously, is on sex. Vivienne Maricevic's  series of interviews with porn performers is especially interesting and revealing (and not just in the obvious way.)

Thom Metzger
Drowning in Fire
Signet     $5.50
No, not THAT Metzger - this one is a sci fi/horror writer. In this volume, he tries his hand at hard-boiled crime fiction, and it ain't bad. Two young adults come to terms with the legacy of their mobster father, and it doesn't look like the  good guys necessarily win out in this thriller.

Thom Metzger
Shock Totem     $4.50
A strange child protagonist makes this medical thriller all the more interesting. As his powers grow he becomes deadly, feared and hunted. Looks like good reading.

John G.H. Oakes, editor     
In the Realm of the Unreal: Insane Writings
Four Walls Eight Windows     $12.95
Steve loves this "wonderfully happy" anthology of short works by people who have been committed. Plus 16 pages of Adolf Wolffi, cool crazy artist guy. Most of the writers are unknown - great in spots.

Rollins    
Art to Choke Hearts & Pissing in the Gene Pool
2.13.61     $15.00
If you haven't seen Henry Rollins do his spoken-word thing (or if you have and loved it) this book is a good substitute. Even includes some erotic interludes. Sensitive stuff from the guy who cold-cocked an ex-bfriend of Mitzi's for saying hello some years ago . We are amazed. I guess his oversized neck isn't the only muscle he's been developing.

Amy Scholder and Ira Silverberg, editors
High Risk: An Anthology of Forbidden Writings
Plume Books     $10.00
All your faves are represented, from Burroughs to Mary Gaitskill. Subjects include S&M, prostitution, drug use, transsexuality and everything else that ain't sugar & spice. Good stuff, one of the better short story collections out.

Benjamin Zephaniah     
Inna Liverpool
AK Press     $3.50
Poetry in patois from a rastaman in Liverpool. The rhythm is like reggae, these could be song lyrics but they're free verse. Fun to read, also thought-provoking.  Reminiscent of Linton Kwesi Johnson.

                              ***
###   ***   GRAY DISTRIBUTION   ***   ###

                    ALTERNATIVE VIDEO

We are including this list of videos from independent local videographers because we think many of our customers will be interested. Please send any video orders to:

Gray Distribution
4006 NE 11th
Portland, OR 97212

All videos are priced at $20 plus $3 for postage. For more information, call Gray Distribution at (503) 284-3928.

Alternative Independent Music Festival Part 1
Pamela Chipman
Check out the bet of the now world-famous Portland music scene live under the bridge from 1992. Includes footage of Big Daddy Meatstraw, Nervous Christians, Tony Green, Roger Nusic, Hazel and Gashdig!
2 hours VHS

Alternative Independent Music Festival Part 2
Pamela Chipman
More from the 1992 AIM Fest. Bands include Oblivion Seekers, the Spinanes (a cool two-piece with a fab "buzz clip" now on M-TV, and spare, punky sound), Sprinkler, 20 Foot Man, Calamity Jane, Tony Green and Stella, Gashdig and the Dharma Bums.
2 hours VHS

Bare Bottom Spanking For Salvation, Vol. 1
Earnest Truely
This 17-minute ROCK-YOU-DRAMA depicts the early stages of Earnest Truely's infamous spanking show, with the entire Salvation Squad. Produced in Portland in 1993.

Gypsy Caravan
Pamela Chipman
This contemporary bellydance troupe from Portland brings together neo-tribalism and the ancient art of middle-eastern dance, with terrific musical accompaniment. 
1/2 hour VHS

Other Side
Pamela Chipman
A collection of works on video exploring issues of family and despair.
1/2 hour VHS

Kiken Chin
Pamela Chipman
A modern dance performance with sound by Daniel Menche.
1 and 1/2 hours VHS

Lookin'
Adam Dowis
A modern fable of one man's search for contentment through harmony with nature.
1 hour VHS

Speaking Subjects
Prostin Foster
Spoken word segments by some of Portland's finest poets. Includes material from Leanne Grabel, Brian Hamilton, Blake Nelson and Matthew Hattie Hein.
1 hour VHS

Spirit of '76
Jacob Pander
Artist Tom Cramer takes off on a commando raid to various gas stations in Oregon to interview people about the Gulf War in this 1991 short.
1/2 hour VHS

Stupid Europe
Adam Dowis
The story of a teenage couple, a kiss and a continent (or two). Will bathe your heart in a lovely shade of mush. A major underground hit in PDX!
1 1/2 hours VHS


