
" . . . to achieve Anarchy we have to unite, and fight together . . ." 

ZAPO 

In the beginning (3-4 years ago) we were a small group of punx who, in spite 
of drinking, smoking grass, listening to loud music and other hedonistic 
activities, got the idea of changing the normal life and existing system , 
which we thought was going to ruin our world . . . 

In the first time, we did A.L.F. (Animal Liberation Front) actions, because 
the meat and fur/leather industry kills much more animals than they have to. 
we concentrated our activities on fur/leather shops, because still live off 
meat (quite unnecessarily I would have to add - ed.) , but fashion stuff made 
of fur and leather are completely unnecessary. Our activities were small 
diversions, like breaking shop windows , glueing locks, writing 
anti-fur/leather graffiti , and so on . . . 

In time , after the elections, it became obvious that war is imminent, if 
someone doesn't do anything against it. We decided to organize ourselves into 
a kind of organization which would connect ideas and principles of Anarchism 
and Pacifism (we are not pacifists by all means, but there was a lot of 
violence and destruction around us) because we thought that was the best idea 
for the following time. Other reasons , not less important was to educate 
people on the real meaning of anarchism. For that reason , we made a few 
posters, just to tell people to start thinking with their own minds. 

By that time, war in Slovenia started, and we decided to organize a 
demo-meeting. We asked for a permit to organize it , but we didn't get one. 
Even though we didn't get it, we went on. First it was to be meeting against 
war, army , politicians and nationalism, but we spread it to an anti-police 
demo. It was a small meeting (around 30 people showed) but pretty successful. 
We made common people interested in our work. There were few police officers , 
but they didn't cause any problems for us, except some private security guards 
did. 

A month or two later , the war erupted in Croatia. It forced us to stop our 
work for a while (frequent air alerts and weeks of black-outs). Till August 
1992 we didn't do a single thing (we are ashamed of it) but then we decided it 
was enough "sleeping". In August we published the first issue of "Comunitas" 
zine, in which we described Anarchism (roots, aims, etc.), Pacifism (history, 
... ) and in opposite nazism and racism. 

That first helped us contact people of Anti War Campaign. They let us work in 
their office and also use their equipment. At first , our work was collecting 
anarchist literature and publications, making contacts with other anarchists 
all over the world, and of course, further work on "Comunitas" zine. 

After we got possibilities to work in better conditions, we finished a new 
issue of "Comunitas" zine Nr. 2/3. Most of the copies we've sent by mail to 
individuals and organizations, or just have given to other people. Only few 
were sold. That's a bit of a problem cos we don't have constant money income 
(the situation in Croatia is very bad and members cannot give money for 
expenses of printing, because they don't have enough money for basic living 
needs) and the only money we've gotten was fro our comrades from Italy (around 
500 DEM) and from comrades from Germany (100 DEM), which was mostly spent on 
last issue. We have about 250 DEM left, which we'll spend on the new issue. 
It'll probably be also a double nr. 4/5. The new "Comunitas" will be on A4 
format, and written in both English and Croatian language, because of big 
interest in other countries. 

At the moment we plan our further activities. We plan to write a pamphlet on 
our stands about the war which is lasting in ex-Yugoslavia (relations of this 
war with New World Order Connection and international capital which use 
ex-Yugoslavia as an experiment). We'll write it also in English/Croatian 
version. Our work is pretty slow 'cos we make our decisions by consensus and 
not by false parliamentary, like outvoting. 

This is our short story about ZAPO. If you can or would like to help our 
struggle in any way contact us! 

FAX: available 24 hours a day +3841/335-230 
PHONE: Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays after 8:00 PM +3841/422-495 

Z.A.P.O. 

PLEASE NOTE ! 

We're not begging for money, but small donations would be very helpful. For 
further information, contact us. 

