
                A Brief History of Government
                        by Brian Crabtree (1992)

               Thousands of years ago, people were free.
               What happened?  Well, here's the story...

        A certain group of similarly narrow-minded guys with similarly 
ridiculous ideas got on a power trip, and decided to use force to impose their 
own thoughts, morals, and customs on everyone else.  These people also decided 
that instead of everybody sharing, it would be easier to control them if they 
were made to pass around money, which only the government could make.

     "The government is best which governs not at all and when men are 
    prepared for it, that will be the kind of government they will have."
                         - Henry David Thoreau

        These two factors, authority and property, created crime.  Instead of 
everyone owning everything and nothing at all, people with less money had to 
steal and kill for it, in order to feed their starving families.  People were 
even forced to pay a portion of their hard-earned wages to this evil and 
corrupt government, so that the government could afford to keep ruling them. 
All of this was done in the name of the 'Public Good'.

                    Much Madness is divinest Sense-
                    To a discerning eye-
                    Much Sense, the starkest Madness-
                    'Tis the Majority.
                    In this, as All, prevail-
                    Assent, and you are sane-
                    Demur, you're straitway dangerous-
                    And handled with a Chain.
                    DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
                    Emily Dickinson, c. 1862

        Eventually, someone had a pretty good idea, if it would have worked.  
The idea was that if everyone got an equal vote, everyone's views would be 
represented.  Of course, by this time, the government had brainwashed so many 
people into thinking as they did that the tyranny of the majority was just as 
terrible as the tyranny of the original rulers.  Why should the minority obey 
the mindless majority?  Now you must see the problem with democracy.  Another 
thing 'rule by the people' led to was plutocracy, rule by the rich.  The more 
money you had, the more power you had, and the less money and power someone 
else had.  There was, and is, tremendous poverty under capitalism.

        Communism, as it currently exists, doesn't work either.  The idea is 
for everyone to be enployed, be paid equally, and for everything to cost the 
same.  This was a good idea also, but to do this requires government control 
over almost every aspect of society.  Not only does the government control 
the citizen's life, but all of the industries are state-owned.  This causes a 
problem we've all experienced.  Where are the longest lines?  Not at fast-food 
places or supermarkets; the longest lines are at the post office and the 
Department of Motor Vehicles, state-operated institutions.  The reason is that 
there's nowhere else to go!  If you want a driver's license, you have to go to 
the D.M.V.  In the Soviet Union, people had to wait many times longer than 
that just to buy food.  Also, money is still a problem.  If you need an 
example, just look at Russia, and how unbearable conditions were under Soviet 
rule.
        There are many other totalitarian systems in which the ruled have no 
representation whatsoever, but you can see for yourself how unfair they are.

        "As man seeks justice in equality, so society seeks order in 
        anarchy.  Anarchy - the absence of a sovereign - such is the 
        form of government to which we are every day approximating."
                         - Pierre-Joseph Proudhon

        Anarchism is the political perspective which regards all government as 
evil and unnecessary.  Money and property are instruments used by the 
government to control people.  Crime is merely the product of a society based 
on property and authority.  Only in a society free from the coercive power of 
the state can there exist true freedom and liberty.
          
    "There will be a qualitative transformation, a new living, life-giving 
  revelation, a new heaven and a new earth, a young and mighty world in which 
     all our present dissonances will be resolved into a harmonious whole."
                            - Mikhail Bakunin
