Open Eye, PO Box 3069, London, SW9 8LU.
or Open Eye, BM Open Eye, London, WC1N 3XX

Open Eye issue three is out now.

It includes 

MI5 after cold war.
Noam Chomsky: Free Trade Myths
The treat from GATT: interviews with Tim Lang, author of 'The New 
Protectionism', and Vandana Shiva, author of 'Staying Alive -Women, 
Ecology and Development'
The bombing of Judi Bari: the US government campaign against Earth First!
What future for MI5?
Attila the Stockbroker's 'Zen Stalinist Manifesto'
In defence of Ecstasy
Reviews: ecosocialism, New Age and armageddon, ecology and industrialism
Winona LaDuke: American Indian activist interview
Columbus, American Indians and Progress
Mid Wales: green politics in power
Microwave weapons experiments

and much more.

Please send 1.70 pounds to Open Eye, PO Box 3069, London, SW9 8LU.
Cheques payable to Open Eye.

Open Eye can be contacted by phone on 0956 250 654

Articles from issue two can be found in Spunk Press archive.

Other Open Eye Publications include:

The Inevitable War; strategic and ideological factors ensuring that Iraq 
and US would fight for control of the Persion/ Arabian Gulf (80p).
by Open Eye

Plunder and Blunder; the immediate ideological, economic and political 
causes of war with Iraq (80p)
by Open Eye

The Situationist International: Its Art, its Theory, its 'Practice' (96p)

The Green movement: should it be human centred or nature centred? (56p)
by Open Eye

Refutation of all judgements whether in praise or hostile which have up 
till now been brought on the film "The Society of the Spectacle", by Guy 
Debord (1.20 pounds)

Secret Agenda of Falklands and Gulf Wars, by Joe Vialls (88p)

Nagaland, Tears behind the blindfold by David Ward (56p)

Riotous responses: The Media in Meadowell by Tom Jennings and Sue Brent(32p)

Politics of Plutonium in UK, Lecture in Japan, Nov 91, by Dr David Lowry 
(1.28)

The Happy Retirement by Antony Verney. The full story of how an old 
couple's idyllic retirement cottage was turned into a torture chamber, 
and who might have been responsible (featured in Open Eye 2) (1.20)

Postage included but please send a self addresses envelope.

Open Eye, PO Box 3069, London, SW9 8LU.

or 

Open Eye, BM Open Eye, London, WC1N 3XX




