NEWS FROM JAPAN

Two convicted murderers were hanged on 1,December, juridical
sources said, the first executions since those of four men in 
November 1993.
They were also the first executions carried out under the 
administration of Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayanma, who assumed
the premiership in June.
Kazumi Sasaki, 66,was executed at a prison in Sendai,the sources
said. Sasaki was given the death penalty in 1985. Though his
lawyer appealed through the courts, Sasaki himself withdrew the 
appeal. 
Sasaki was convicted of stabbing to death the owner of a
Japanese-style inn and a company employee in Aomori Prefecture
in September 1984.
The other murderer, Yukio Ajima, 44, was executed at a Tokyo
prison, the sources said. He was sentenced to die in 1978, and
the Supreme Court upheld that decision in 1985. 
Ajima was found guilty of stabbing to death his fiancee, her
sister and aunt in Gumma Prefecture in April 1977 after the 
woman's parents and others opposed their marriage.
Executions in Japan are carried out hanging.
Juridical authorities have not pfficially announced the two 
executions. 
Seven men were executed last year-the four in November and three
men in March. 
Justice Minister Isao Maeda, a Liberal-Democratic Party 
parliamentalian, said in his inaugural press conference in June 
that he intended to deal with the capital punishment issue
carefully and fairly on the basis of the law, respecting the
judgement of the courts. After news of the executions came out
1.December, Prime Minister Murayama told reports that "the
justice minister is the proper person to handle" the execution
issue.
Some politicians and human rights groups have strongly urged
that capital punishment be abolished in Japan.
A nonpartisan league of more that 100 Diet members opposing the 
death penalty petitioned Murayama in early November to suspend
the execution of criminals on death row.
According to one citizens group, there are 59 inmates on death
row in Japan. 
A government survey released last week showed that almost three 
out of four pollees supported capital punishment, while only
13.8 percent thougt it should be abolished. 
 
SOURCE-Mainich Daily News/3. dec. 1994
 
 

