From: Jimmer Endres <jimmer@bawdy.slip.cs.cmu.edu>

THE NOAM CHOMSKY ARCHIVE

Introduction

Noam Chomsky is an Institute Professor and Professor of Linguistics
and Philosophy at MIT, where he has revolutionized linguistics twice
since the fifties.  He is also one of the most prominent dissidents
writing in the United States today, a severe, impassioned and
consistent critic of US foreign policy.

The Noam Chomsky Archive is a public collection of files (articles,
interviews, lectures, reviews, etc.) by and about Noam Chomsky.  (At
the moment it only contains ``political'' material; the science half
of his work is not represented.)  I have collected everything that I
was able to find that was publicly electronically available, edited
it, (began to) cross-reference it, and basically made it easy to get,
read, and print.  Now here it is, all in one place.

CONTENTS

articles/	Essays and articles by Noam Chomsky
interviews/	Published or transcribed interviews with Noam Chomsky
lectures/	Published or transcribed lectures by Noam Chomsky
quotes/		Excerpts from larger works and sound bites by Noam Chomsky
reviews/	Reviews, commentaries, or summaries of works by Noam Chomsky
etc/		Miscellaneous files (bibliographies, images, etc.)

Please keep the headers attached to these files if you distribute them
so that others can find out about the Archive.

HOW TO ACCESS THE ARCHIVE

1. via the World Wide Web.  If you have a browser, it is much
   friendlier to access the Archive at

http://www.contrib.andrew.cmu.edu:/usr/tp0x/chomsky.html

2. via anonymous ftp.  If you would rather ftp to the Archive
   directly, you can

ftp ftp.cs.cmu.edu

   log in as ``anonymous'' or ``ftp''; then send your address (e.g.,
   jimmer@bawdy.slip.cs.cmu.edu) as the password.  Then

cd user/cap/chomsky

   (note that there is no slash at then beginning of the pathname).
   From there, use the ftp commands ls, cd, and get.

3. via afs.  Users with afs access can

cd /afs/andrew/usr/tp0x/chomsky/

   and browse.

CONTRIBUTING TO THE ARCHIVE

I know that this collection is far from complete.  If you have access
to a file that is not included, please email it to me.  There are a
heap of errors and omissions that I know about; many more are certain
to be there.  If you catch even a minor one, PLEASE contact me at the
address below.

HELPING WITH ARCHIVE MAINTENANCE

As usual, I bit off more than I could chew with this project.  If you
would like to help with some of the dogwork involved, especially if
you have experience with proofreading or hacking LaTeX, please get in
touch with me at the address below.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Thanks go to many contributors, notably Dan Epstein, and especially to
Harel Barzilai, co-moderator of misc.activism.progressive, and Tom
Gray of Peacenet for immeasurable help.  Tom Price and Amy Cooper
kindly contributed computer resources; Chris Paris provided computer
resources and boundless expertise and patience.

REAL SOON NOW

Some improvements soon to come:

1. conversion of more files to LaTeX, PostScript (and maybe other) formats
2. more consistent and thorough keywords and cross-references
3. a million more ideas I'm sure I'll have

I will make announcements (among other channels) to
alt.fan.noam-chomsky and misc.activism.progressive (both recommended).
Meantime, do please send along any ideas . . . as well as your
suggestions or comments.  I would very much appreciate any feedback.

last modified: 26 July 1994
Jimmer Endres / jimmer@bawdy.slip.cs.cmu.edu

