NEWS FROM MEXICO (Sept 95)


Last year, young anarchists members of a group called JAR
(Anti-authoritarian Revolutionary Youth) demonstrated in front of a
McDonalds, protesting against the anti-immigration campaign and in support
of hispanic
workers in the USA. The demo ended with the McDonalds grafittied and its
windows and machines broken. Some days later, some members of JAR were
arrested by
police.

Last April anaction by transport union Sindicato Unico de Autotransportes
R-100 (SUTAUR) was declared illegal by the courts. The union, which has
links with various popular organisations amongst which would be included the
Movimiento
Proletario Independiente and which is listed by the government as 'radical',
gives legal support to its members and contested the action. Many workers
have been threatened, beaten up and
imprisoned. Of the 12,000 unionised workers, less than 1,000 have accepted
an out of court
settlements, the rest are holding out for more.

In support of the workers at SUTAUR members of the 'radical' group within
the student union,
Consejo Estudiantil Universitario, siezed a number of lorries and kept them
under guard on
university campus. However, under pressure from the rector, police and other
student groupings
they were forced to return the vehicles a few days later.

This years May day independent unions march, fronted by members of 
SUTAUR, saw dozens of workers and students throwing rocks and sticks
at the police, who came to defend some of their undercover agents. 19
people, some were minors, were imprisoned while trying to burn the
Govenment Building front door. Many of them were beaten up and some are still
in jail. Many anarchist organisations and colectives participated in the march.

Anarchists painted the walls and broke the windows of the organization
called Pro-vida
(Pro-life), which openly speaks out against abortion and the use of
condoms. Pro-vida in known for being formed by many right-wing and
conservative groups.

During June 17 campesinos were assasinated in Guerrero - they were members
of OCSS, an
organisation which was organising a peaceful protest in a nearby area.
According to the official
version at first it was claimed that the victims had been armed and had
attacked the police but
this was refuted by eye witnesses. The state govenor, Ruben Figueroa, held
talks both before
and after the massacre with a member of the opposition within the council.
These conversations,
according to the councilor, revealed that the govenor was fully aware of the
plans of the police.
The govenor told her: 'Some campesinos are going to demonstrate and will
have to be
stopped... they want war and they are going to get it'

The government in Mexico City has implemented a social security plan in
which it states openly
that 'people who appear suspicious' are to be detained and there will be
stop checks on cars
and random raids. Popular human rights organisations, political opposition
parties and civil
groups have demonstrated against the plans. On July 1st plain clothes
policemen beat up and
detained a number of young people and on July 6th people were searched in
the red light area
and arrested if in possession of a condom on a charge of 'soliciting'.
Throughout the month of
July there were numerous complaints against the police for violence, threts,
robbery etc. Finally
on the 28th the police got an 80% pay rise.

Friday 14th July saw the release of Gloria Benavides who had been acused of
membership of
the EZLN under the codename 'subcomandante Elisa'. Benavides was arrested on
February 8th
and thretened so that she might denounce various people and link them to the
Zapatistas. On
being released she called for the release of those other prisoners who were
being held accused
of membership of the EZLN.

On July 28 the fifth stage of the peace talks between the EZLN and the
mexican government ended. There was no agreement. The government rejected a
zapatista proposal dealing with militar withdrawal and threatened to withdraw
their own proposal if the zapatistas didn't accept it. The EZLN complains
about the strongarm tactics and the threats of the government. Meanwhile,
hundreds
of people are gathering to organize the National Poll called for by the
EZLN, it's supposed to happen on August 27. The International Poll is taking
place right now and many organizations from all around the world have voted
already.

Facts about the government of Zedillo:

In the first seven months of Zedillos' administration, 97 oposition members
have been killed; 1,663 citizens have been imprisoned for their
incomformity; 75 people have been kidnapped; 254 social leaders have
detention orders against them; there has been 932 people injured in many
represive actions; 36 journalists have suffered attacks and 138 members
of democratic organizations have been threatened.

Taken from: "Proceso" magazine, "La Jornada" newspaper, or seen with my own
eyes.




