PREAMBLE AND CONSTITUTION
of the 
INDUSTRIAL WORKERS OF THE WORLD


PREAMBLE

     The working class and the employing class have nothing in common.
There can be no peace so long as hunger and want are found among millions
of the working people and the few, who make up the employing class, have all
the good things of life.
     Between these two classes a struggle must go on until the workers of
the world organize as a class, take possession of the means of production,
abolish the wage system, and live in harmony with the Earth.
     We find that the centering of the management of industries into fewer
and fewer hands makes the trade unions unable to cope with the ever-
growing power of the employing class. The trade unions foster a state of
affairs which allows one set of workers to be pitted against another set
of workers in the same industry, thereby helping defeat one another in wage
wars. Moreover, the trade unions aid the employing class to mislead the
workers into the belief that the working class have interests in common with
their employers.
     These conditions can be changed and the interest of the working class
upheld only by an organization formed in such a way that all its members in
any one industry, or in all industries if necessary, cease work whenever a
strike or lockout is on in any department thereof, thus making an injury to
one an injury to all.
     Instead of the conservative motto, "A fair day's wage for a fair day's
work," we must inscribe on our banner the revolutionary watchword,
"Abolition of the wage system."
     It is the historic mission of the working class to do away with
capitalism. The army of production must be organized, not only for everyday
struggle with capitalists, but also to carry on production when capitalism
shall have been overthrown. By organizing industrially we are forming the
structure of the new society within the shell of the old.
     Knowing, therefore, that such an organization is absolutely necessary
for emancipation, we unite under the following constitution:

ARTICLE I
Name and Structure

     Section 1.  This organization shall be known as THE INDUSTRIAL WORKERS
OF THE WORLD.
     Sec. 2.  The Industrial Workers of the World shall be composed of
actual wage workers brought together in an organization embodying Job
Branches, Industrial Union Branches, General Membership Branches,
Industrial Unions, and Industrial Departments.

Departments

     Sec. 3(a).  An Industrial Department shall be composed of Industrial
Unions in closely kindred industries appropriate for representation in the
departmental administration, and assigned thereto by the General Executive
Board of the Industrial Workers of the World.
     (b).  An Industrial Department shall consist of two or more Industrial
Unions aggregating a membership of not less than 20,000 members. The
Departments shall have supervision over the affairs of the Industrial
Unions composing same, provided that all matters concerning the entire
membership of the IWW shall be settled by a referendum.
     (c).  The Departments shall be designated as follows:
          1 - Department of Agriculture, Land, Fisheries, and Water
                   Products.
          2 - Department of Mining.
          3 - Department of Construction.
          4 - Department of Manufacturing and General Production.
          5 - Department of Transportation and Communication.
          6 - Department of Public Service.

Industrial Unions

     Sec. 4(a).  Whenever a membership of 25 has been attained in any
industry, they shall be issued an Industrial Union charter upon request. 
     (b).  Industrial Unions shall be composed of actual wage workers in a
given industry welded together as the particular requirements of said
industry may render necessary.
     Sec. 5.  Component parts of the IWW may set up such coordinating
bodies as they wish, provided their cost shall be defrayed by the sections
setting them up, and further provided that they shall not void rank and
file control.
     Sec. 6.  No legislation conflicting with the constitution of the IWW
shall be passed by any subordinate body.
     Sec. 7.  All charters of local bodies shall be issued by the GEB. In
industries where the IWW includes a functioning Industrial Union, charters
shall be issued only on recommendation of its General Organizing Committee.
In other industries it shall be permissible for local General Membership
Branches to organize and administer local bodies of workers in any industry
until they apply for and are granted Industrial Union Branch charters. In
localities where there is one or more Industrial Union Branch(es) and a
General Membership Branch, it shall be locally optional either to set up a
delegate council to handle matters of common concern (such as educational,
defense, and social activities) or to leave these to the General Membership
Branch, with the sharing of financial obligations to be arranged between
them. Where no General Membership Branch is chartered, it is expected of all
members of the IWW to arrange for occasional meetings at which any and all
members, whether they are members of Industrial Union Branches or not, may
meet together to plan local joint activities. Charters shall be issued to
GMBs or to IUBs only if the GEB finds it feasible for their members to meet
together. More than one GMB in the same city or area shall be chartered
only when the GEB finds language, transportation, or other practical
reasons warrant it.

ARTICLE II
Membership

     Section 1(a).  It is the aim of the IWW to build world-wide working-
class solidarity. No wage or salaried worker shall be excluded because of
race, sex, nationality, creed, color or sexual preference. Membership is open
only to wage or salaried workers except as provided in section 1b.
Membership can be denied to those wage and salaried workers whose
employment is incompatible with the aims of this union. 
     (b).  No unemployed or retired worker, no working class student,
apprentice, homemaker, or prisoner shall be excluded from membership on the
grounds that s/he is not currently receiving wages. Such workers may take
membership in the Industrial Union for the industry in which they last
worked, or for which they are now training, or at which they work part-
time, or in the case of students and homemakers in Educational Workers I.U.
620 or Household Service Workers I.U. 680 respectively as may seem most
practical, provided that no person under 18 is initiated on any basis other
than industrial employment as a wage worker. This provision shall not deny
to any Industrial Union or Industrial Union Branch the right to limit vote
on strictly industrial matters to those actively engaged in their industry.
     Workers employed in co-operatives democratically run by their
employees are welcome to membership. Members who become temporarily self-
employed may retain their membership or apply for withdrawal cards, which
are issuable also to those who must withdraw when they become employers.
     (c).  No member of the Industrial Workers of the World shall be an
officer of a trade or craft union or political party.
     Branches may allow IWW members to become officers of trade or craft
unions as long as these exceptions are reported to the General
Administration and no IWW member receives significant pay (more than dues
rebate and expenses) as a result of being an officer or official in a union
that does not call for abolition of the wage system.
     Exceptions may be made by the branches to allow unpaid officers of
political parties to become members.
     Sec. 2.  All applicants shall agree to abide by the Constitution and
regulations of the IWW and diligently study its principles and make
themselves acquainted with its purpose. This obligation shall be printed
on the application blank.

Job Branches

     Sec. 3.  Whenever there are five or more members on the job, they
shall constitute themselves a shop or a job branch, and elect a shop
committee and a job delegate to attend to urgent matters between business
meetings. No member should serve permanently on a committee. At each
meeting a new committee should be elected. All members should take their
turns at serving on committees.

Quorums

     Sec. 4(a).  Not less than five members, not including the paid Branch
Secretary, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
     (b).  No paid official of any part of the Industrial Workers of the World
shall be permitted to vote in Branch meetings.

ARTICLE III
General Officers

     Section 1.  The General Administration shall consist of the General
Secretary-Treasurer and the General Executive Board.
     Sec. 2(a).  The term of office shall be for 1 year and the same shall
commence on January 1. Officials, after having served their first term of
office shall be eligible for two more terms only,  except as specified in
Section 3 (c) and (d).
     (b).  The General Executive Board shall set the wages of all general
organization employees and organizers.

ELECTIONS
General Administration

     Sec. 3(a).  The General Secretary-Treasurer shall be a member for 3
years, and 18 months in continuous good standing immediately prior to
nomination. The General Executive Board shall consist of seven members, all
of whom have been members for 18 months, and 12 months in continuous good
standing, immediately prior to nomination.
     In the event that no nominee for General Secretary-Treasurer meeting
the 3 year membership requirement can be found, then the 3 year
requirement shall be reduced to one of 2 years membership with 18 months
in continuous good standing prior to nomination.
     A person elected to office must remain in continuous good standing
until assuming that office or forfeit the right to hold the office.
     (b).  Nominations for General Secretary-Treasurer and members of the
General Executive Board shall be made at the General Assembly of the IWW
or through the mail with nominations closed by the adjournment of the
General Assembly. In either event, election shall be by general referendum
ballot as provided for in Article IX, Sec. 2. The ballot shall include space
for write-in candidates. Either a verbal acceptance on the floor of the
Assembly or a written acceptance addressed to the General Secretary-
Treasurer must be received from each candidate whose name is placed on the
ballot. No member shall be a candidate for or be permitted to hold more than
one General Administration office at a time.
     (c).  The three candidates receiving the highest number of nominations
for General Secretary-Treasurer shall have their names placed on the
ballot. Members who have served three or more consecutive terms as General
Secretary-Treasurer shall not have their names placed on the ballot,
except in the event that three qualified nominees cannot otherwise be
secured. When this is the case, the names of the nominees who have served
three or more consecutive terms may be placed on the ballot, but the ballot
shall clearly state the number of terms in succession previously served by
such a candidate. All write-in candidates who meet the requirements of
Article III, Section 3(a) are considered qualified nominees. The one receiving
the highest number of votes on referendum being elected.
     (d).  The 21 candidates receiving the highest number of nominations for
General Executive Board member shall have their names placed on the ballot.
Members who have served three or more consecutive terms on the General
Executive Board shall not have their names placed on the ballot, except in
the event that 15 qualified nominees cannot otherwise be secured. When this
is the case, the names of the nominees who have served three or more
consecutive terms may be placed on the ballot, but the ballot shall clearly
state the number of terms in succession previously served by such a
nominee. A write-in candidate must receive a minimum number of votes equal
to 5% of the IWW members in good standing. All write-in candidates who
receive the minimum number of votes and meet the requirements of Article
III, Section 3(a), are considered qualified nominees. The seven nominees
receiving the highest number of votes on the referendum shall constitute
the General Executive Board.
     (e).  The General Executive Board Chairperson shall be the alternate
to the General Secretary-Treasurer. Alternates to the General Executive
Board shall be the remaining nominees in the order of votes received.
     In the event of a vacancy on the General Executive Board, with all
duly elected members or alternates already serving or being unavailable,
the General Secretary and the GEB Chairperson shall appoint a board member
until another shall be elected by referendum.
     (f).  No official of the General Administration shall be permitted to
hold other office in, or become a paid employee of any Industrial Union of
the Industrial Workers of the World.

Duties of the General Secretary-Treasurer

     Sec. 4(a).  The duties of the General Secretary-Treasurer shall be to
take charge of all books, papers and effects of the office. S/he shall
conduct the correspondence pertaining to his/her office. S/he shall be the
custodian of the seal of the organization, and shall attach same to all
official documents over his/her official signature. S/he shall furnish the
committee on credentials, at each General Assembly, a statement of the
financial standing of each Industrial Union. S/he shall have a voice, but no
vote, in the governing bodies of the organization.
     The General Secretary-Treasurer shall close his or her accounts for
the fiscal year on the last day of June. S/he shall make a monthly report
to the General Executive Board and the general membership. S/he shall also
make a complete itemized report of financial and other affairs of his or her
office to each General Assembly.
     S/he shall prepare and sign all charters issued by the General
Executive Board. S/he shall receive all moneys for charters from Industrial
Unions and Industrial Departments. S/he shall receipt for same, care for
and deposit all moneys as instructed by the General Executive Board, in
some solvent bank or banks, which shall be drawn out only to pay
indebtedness arising out of due conduct of the business of the
organization, and then only if bills have first been duly presented by the
creditors when a check shall be drawn by him/her in payment thereof.
     S/he shall employ such assistants as are necessary to conduct the
affairs of his/her office, remuneration for such employees to be fixed by
the General Executive Board.
     (b).  S/he shall publish a monthly General Organization Bulletin
containing his/her monthly report as well as that of the General Executive
Board; together with official notices, referendum ballots, monthly and
annual financial reports, and other organization business. The Bulletin shall
also include letters from IWW members on current referenda and elections,
organizing campaigns, and other union business. The GST shall publish all
submissions received by the published monthly deadline, deleting only
epithets and/or personal attacks against other members (except that
members shall have complete freedom to criticize the conduct of union
officials without censorship subject to the provisions of By-Laws Article
III Section 6a).

Duties of the General Executive Board

     Sec. 5(a).  The General Executive Board shall elect its own chairperson
from its own number.
     The General Executive Board shall have general supervision over all
affairs of the organization between conventions, and shall watch vigilantly
over the interests throughout its jurisdiction. It shall be assisted by the
officers and members of all organizations subordinate to the Industrial
Workers of the World. It shall appoint such organizers as the conditions of
the organization may justify.
     (b).  The General Executive Board shall not appoint or cause to be
appointed any delegate or organizer against the protest of, and without
first notifying, the General Organizing Committee of the Industrial Union
which has jurisdiction in the territory in which the delegate or organizer
is to operate.
     All organizers so appointed shall at all times work under the
instruction of the General Executive Board. All organizers and General
Executive Board members, while in the employ of the Industrial Workers of
the World, shall report to the Chairperson of the General Executive Board
in writing, on blanks provided for that purpose, at least once each week.
     (c).  The General Executive Board shall have full power to issue
charters to Industrial Departments, Industrial Unions, Branches, and
Industrial District Councils.
     (d).  The General Executive Board shall have full power and authority
over all IWW publications and guide their policy.
     (e).  The members of the General Executive Board shall have power to
visit any subordinate body of the IWW and have full authority to examine and
audit all accounts of such body; and also to enforce the use of the uniform
system of bookkeeping as adopted by the Assembly of the IWW from time to
time.
     (f).  The General Executive Board shall meet on the call of the
Chairperson or majority vote of the General Executive Board.
     (g).  All matters pertaining to organization shall be settled by the
entire General Executive Board by mail or wire when absent from
headquarters. It shall take a majority vote to settle any question.
     (h).  The General Executive Board shall have power to appoint a
Secretary of the General Defense Committee whenever they deem it
necessary.
     (i).  The General Executive Board shall issue a monthly report of their
activities.

Charges Against General Officers

     Sec. 7(a).  Charges against any of the General Officers shall be filed
in writing with the G.E.B. or the General Assembly, at the option of the
person filing charges. Also, in the case where a member of the Union who is
not a General Officer is accused of exercising the authority of the GEB or
GST without their approval, such charges shall be filed in writing with the
GEB or the General Assembly, at the option of the person filing charges.
     If the charges are filed before the G.E.B., they shall at once have a
copy of the charges sent to the accused, together with the notice of the
date of the hearing of the charges. Charges filed before the General
Assembly must be sent to the General Secretary at least 30 days prior to
the date of the convening of the assembly.
     On receipt of the charges the General Secretary will forward a copy
of the same to the accused and notice to appear at the convention for
trial.
     (b).  Any decision of the G.E.B. on charges tried by them shall be
subject to appeal to the next General Assembly and from the General
Assembly to the general membership. The decision of the General Assembly
on charges can be appealed to the general membership. This appeal must be
filed with the General Administration within ninety (90) days from the
adjournment of the General Assembly.
     The cost of appealing to the general membership shall be borne by the
party taking the appeal. If the vote on appeal results in the favor of the
party taking the appeal then the General Organization shall refund the cost
of the appeal.

ARTICLE IV
Clearing House

     Section 1(a).  The General Headquarters of the Industrial Workers of
the World shall function as a Clearing House that will automatically settle
all debts between Industrial Unions and General Headquarters.
     (b).  All credentials authorizing members to initiate members or to
collect dues shall be issued by the General Secretary-Treasurer. He or she
shall issue such credentials on his or her discretion, on the recommendation
of the local or industrial union officers, and must do so on the instruction
of the General Executive Board. Those so credentialed shall have been
members for 6 months, except that newly organized groups may elect one of
their members to serve in that capacity. All such credentials shall bear a
distinguishing number, and shall empower the bearer to initiate members or
collect dues in all industries.
     (c).  All job delegates or others bearing such credentials shall record
all fees, dues, assessments, etc., collected on the forms provided by the
General Secretary and shall identify receipt both on the page of the dues
book and on top of the stamps with their credential number and date, and
shall report at least monthly to the General Secretary by submitting this
record together with all signed applications for membership, and all fees
and dues money received; provided, any Industrial Union or Industrial Union
Branch, or General Membership Branch, through which the delegate operates
may require that this report be transmitted through it, to record the
information in its own files and to retain such portion of moneys as this
constitution and pertinent by-laws permit.
     (d).  The Chairperson of the General Executive Board shall countersign
all checks issued by the General Secretary-Treasurer. At the same time as
the General Executive Board selects its chair, it shall also select a non-
board member to be designated check co-signer. The co-signer will have the
same eligibility requirements as a Board member.
     (e).  Job delegates working out of the general office shall remit all of
initiation fees and dues, whether for employed or unemployed members.
Secretaries of chartered branches shall remit one-half of same to the
general office and retain the other half in the branch treasury.
     (f).  The General Secretary-Treasurer shall be the custodian of the
funds of a General Membership or Industrial Union Branch only upon its
request, but s/he shall be the custodian of the funds of each Industrial
Union, except operating funds for which the organizers or officers are, in
accordance with the by-laws, held responsible. The General Administration
cannot use the funds so entrusted to it without the consent of the
Industrial Unions or other bodies owning such a fund, so long as these
bodies continue.
     (g).  Supplies issued delegates and branch secretaries on behalf of
Industrial Unions shall be charged to the Industrial Union.
     (h).  Reports with remittance for dues, etc., paid during the month
shall be sent to the General Secretary not later than the 10th day of the
following month. Should any branch or Industrial Union fail to do so, further
supplies to it shall be withheld until these reports are received.

ARTICLE V
Duties of Branch Secretaries and Delegates

     Section 1.  Except as provided otherwise in Branch or Industrial Union
by-laws, branch secretaries shall be the responsible custodians of all
branch records, funds and supplies; shall issue such supplies to delegates
in their branch and receive reports from them; shall maintain such records
of these transactions as by-laws or organizing programs require; shall
report all such business to the General Secretary-Treasurer at least
monthly; shall also transmit to the General Secretary copies of all minutes
of meetings and of his or her own monthly financial report to his or her
branch; shall endeavor to keep all members in good standing and aware of all
referenda. S/he shall also report at least monthly to the General Secretary
on the activities and prospects of his or her branch.

ARTICLE VI
Assemblies

     Section 1(a).  Each year the IWW shall hold a General Assembly of the
Union, the date and venue of the next Assembly to be set by the Assembly
in session before its adjournment.
     (b).  The General Assembly of the IWW shall not remain in session over
10 days. Prior to the General Assembly the General Executive Board shall
issue an agenda to the delegates to the General Assembly specifying the
time limit on each question. All resolutions, wherever possible, shall be in
the hands of the G.E.B. 10 days before the opening of the General Assembly.
Copies of all resolutions shall be furnished to all delegates.
     Sec. 2.  The General Assembly of the IWW is the legislative body of the
union and has the power to expel any member for violation of the IWW
constitution, by-laws, or principles. The Assembly's enactments are of legal
force, provided they are approved by general referendum. Referenda to
approve assembly motions shall be issued according to the provisions of
Article IX, sec. 2.

Representation

     Sec. 3(a).  Representation at the General Assembly of the IWW shall be
mass membership and delegate on the basis of one member one vote.
     (b).  Delegates can have more than one vote only on issues on which
they carry written instructions from the member or body that instructed
them.
     (c).  When two or more delegates are representing an Industrial Union
in the Assembly, the vote of such Industrial Union shall be equally divided
between the delegates.
     (d).  The expenses of delegates to the General Assembly, including
their mileage, shall be borne by the body they represent.

Credentials

     Sec. 4(a).  On or before July 1 of each year the General Secretary-
Treasurer shall send to the Chairperson of the General Organization
Committee of each Industrial Union credentials in duplicate for the number
of delegates and alternates they are entitled to in the convention.
     (b).  The Chairperson of the General Organization Committee of the
Industrial Union shall properly fill out the blank credentials received from
the General Secretary-Treasurer and return one copy to the General Office
not later than August 15. The other copy shall be presented by the delegate
to the Committee on Credentials when the convention assembles.

Temporary Session

     Sec. 5.  The General Executive Board shall draw up a list of delegates
against whom no contest has been filed at the General Office. The General
Secretary-Treasurer shall call the convention to order and read the
aforesaid list. The delegates on the said list shall proceed to form a
temporary organization by electing a temporary Chairperson and a Committee
on Credentials.

Delegates' Eligibility

     Sec. 6(a).  Delegates to the General Assembly from the Industrial
Unions must be members of the IWW for 1 year and in continuous good
standing for 60 days immediately prior to nomination.
     (b).  The general administration officials shall be delegates at large,
with voice but no vote. All paid officials and employees must be off the
payroll 90 days prior to the convening of the General Assembly to become
eligible as delegates. Any member who has not been on the payroll 10
consecutive days in the 3 months immediately prior to the convening of the
Assembly, shall be eligible as a delegate. No delegate shall cast more than
one vote when voting on the seating of a contested delegate or delegates.
No delegate shall have more than one vote on the expulsion of a member.
     (c).  Delegates to the General Assembly shall not serve for two
consecutive terms.

Records of Delegates

     (d).  The Clearing House shall forward a complete record of each
delegate elected to the General Assembly of the IWW to the Chairperson of
the G.E.B., and to the Secretary-Treasurer in order to facilitate the work
of the Credentials Committee of the General Assembly.

Joint Delegates

     Sec. 7.  Two or more unions, with a total membership of 500 or less,
may jointly send a delegate to the Assembly, and the vote of said delegate
shall be based on the representation hereinbefore provided for.

Indebtedness

     Sec. 8.  Industrial Unions that are indebted to the official organs or
the publishing bureau controlled by the organization, having sufficient
funds to pay their indebtedness, shall not be entitled to representation
in the General Assembly.

Auditing Committee

     Sec. 9.  A general membership meeting shall be advertised and called
in Chicago 30 days prior to the General Assembly for the purpose of
electing an Auditing Committee from the floor of said meeting, to audit
headquarters' books and supplies. Any member who has not been out of office
for 90 days will not be eligible for Auditing Committee.

Resolutions

     Sec. 10.  Resolutions for the General Assembly shall be acted upon by
their Industrial Union convention, and if the Industrial Union has no
convention, then the branches acting on same must send them to their
Industrial Union G.E.B. or G.O.C. Chairperson to be segregated; and each
resolution shall be on a separate sheet of paper and duplicated. No
resolution sent in by an individual shall be considered by the General
Assembly.

ARTICLE VII

Label

     Section 1.  There shall be a Universal Label for the entire
organization. It shall be of a crimson color and always the same in design.
The use of the Universal Label shall never be delegated to employers, but
shall be vested entirely in our organization. Except on stickers, circulars,
and literature proclaiming the merits of the Industrial Workers of the
World, and emanating from the General Offices of the Industrial Workers of
the World, the Universal Label shall be printed only as evidence of work
done by IWW members.
     When the label is so printed it shall be done by the authority of our
organization, without the intervention of any employer.
     Whenever the Universal Label is placed upon a commodity as evidence
of work done by Industrial Workers, it shall be accompanied by an inscription
underneath the label stating what the work is that Industrial Workers have
done, giving the name of Industrial Department to which they belong and the
number or numbers of their unions; and the Universal Label shall never be
printed as evidence of work done without this inscription.

Seal

     Sec. 2.  Each Union and Branch shall be provided with a seal by the
General Secretary-Treasurer, which shall bear the number of the Union, and
all official papers from the union or branch must bear an imprint of this
seal, and none will be legal without this impression.

ARTICLE VIII

Revenue

     Section 1.  The revenue of the organization shall be derived as
follows: Charter fees from Industrial Departments shall be $25.00 and for
Industrial Unions $10.00. Industrial Union Branches shall pay $2.00 for seal
and charter.

Initiation Fees & Dues

     Sec. 2(a).  The Industrial Unions shall have autonomous right to set
their own initiation fees, dues and assessments, other than General
Organizational assessments. It is the policy of the IWW to put no financial
barrier to prevent any worker from joining. Accordingly, initiations shall
not exceed $12.00 nor monthly dues exceed $12.00. All Industrial Unions shall
charge sufficient dues to meet their obligations. No part of the initiation
fee or dues mentioned above shall be used as a sick or death benefit, but
shall be held in the treasury as a general fund to defray the legitimate
expenses.
     (b).  The G.E.B. is authorized at its discretion to waive initiation fee
or reduce it to a nominal fee when incorporating previously organized
workers or in organizing campaigns among especially distressed workers. The
G.E.B. is further authorized to waive dues payments in the event of a strike
or lockout.
     (c).  All dues stamps for all Industrial Unions must be of the same
design without the price printed on them.
     (d).  A page shall be provided in the credentials fully stating the
initiating fee and the dues charged by every Industrial Union for the
information of delegates and branch secretaries.
     (e).  For members in North America the initiation fee shall be $5 for
workers earning less than $800 per month, $9 for workers earning between
$800 and $1700 per month, and $12 for workers earning more than $1700 per
month provided that 50 cents shall be used to defray the cost of providing
each member with a copy of the One Big Union pamphlet. Dues shall be $5 per
month for workers earning less than $800 per month, $9 per month for
workers earning between $800 and $1700 per month, and $12 per month for
workers earning more than $1700 per month. Sub-minimum dues of $3 per
month may be paid by members in poor economic circumstances. Dues of
members in the subminimum category who belong to organized branches shall
be apportioned as follows: $2 to the General Administration, $1 to the
branch.
     In Great Britain, initiation shall be 50 pence and dues shall be 50
pence per month.
     (f).  For areas outside of North America (including Guam), the British
GOC, and the Scandinavian Organizing Committee, the initiation fee shall be
$1.00, and monthly dues $1.00 (rounded off to the nearest convenient amount
in local currency), until such time as General Organizing Committees with
authority to set their own dues rates are constituted in those areas.
     (g).  The General Executive Board is authorized at its discretion to
allow 50% of the dues and initiations collected to be retained by those
involved in an organizing campaign provided the delegates involved report
on the progress of such campaigns to the General Executive Board monthly,
and account for all money received and spent.
     (h).  Service fees collected in shops where the IWW has a contract that
includes an agency shop clause shall be split between the branch and the
General Administration on a 50-50 basis.

ARTICLE IX
Amendments, Etc.

     Section 1(a).  All proposed amendments to the Constitution and By-
Laws shall clearly state the article, section and paragraph to which the
amendment applies. New articles and sections shall be so stated. Each
clause to be amended shall be on a separate sheet.

Conflicting Parts

     (b).  All parts of the Constitution conflicting with amendments ratified
by a referendum vote are hereby declared null and void.

Referendums

     Sec. 2(a).  A referendum on any organization question, including
constitutional amendments, may be initiated by the General Executive Board,
or by a petition of 15 members in good standing.
     (b).  Referendums shall take place three times yearly, as close as
possible to the following schedule: Notification of the referendums shall be
made to the members in the first G.O.B. on or after September 30, January
31, and May 31, respectively. Notification on a measure may not be given
unless the motion or petition is printed in a prior or concurrent G.O.B.
Ballots will be mailed first class on or as soon as possible after November
1, March 1, and July 1, provided that at least one G.O.B. has appeared since
notification. Ballots will be due within 30 days from the date of mailing.
Ballots to members outside the U.S. will be sent via air mail. Election of
officers and resolutions of the General Assembly that must be sustained by
referendum will be included with the November ballot. If for any reason a
properly initiated referendum question misses the notification deadline or
the appropriate ballot it will automatically be carried over to the next
scheduled referendum.
     (d).  The returns of the referendum shall remain in General
Headquarters in sealed envelopes until the ballot committee meets. The
ballot committee shall meet immediately on expiration of time set for return
of ballots. The General Secretary-Treasurer shall notify Industrial Union
or body initiating referendum of date set for count of ballots.
     (e).  The ballot committee to count the votes on the referendum shall
be composed as follows: Three members in continuous good standing for 1
year prior to their election on committee shall be elected by the Industrial
Unions in the city in which Headquarters is located. In reporting through
the monthly bulletin the returns of referendums and elections, the General
Secretary-Treasurer shall give the names of the ballot committee together
with their card numbers and the Industrial Union of which they are members.
     (f).  The Industrial Union or body initiating a referendum shall pay the
expenses of its own delegates on ballot committee unless the referendum is
carried, in which event the expenses shall be borne by the general
organization.
     (g).  Referendum returns from any Industrial Union cannot exceed its
paid up membership for the 3 months prior to the vote on the referendum in
question.
     (h).  Ballots shall be prepared in such a way as to assure complete
secrecy in voting and shall be in duplicate form to allow the member to
retain a record of his or her vote. To ensure complete secrecy, all IWW
referenda will use the two-envelope system. The ballot will be enclosed in
the inner envelope and will contain no information identifying the ballot
with the member who sent it. All information pertaining to the member's name
and standing will be enclosed in the outer envelope. Once the ballot is
approved by the ballot committee, the innner envelope will remain sealed and
be secured separately from the member's identifying information. All ballots
must be numbered. Ballots not numbered, not sealed, or from members in bad
standing will not be considered valid ballots. Any members whose ballots
have been invalidated shall be notified by first-class mail within seven (7)
days of the decision by the Ballot Committee, explaining the reason his or
her ballot was invalidated.
     (i).  All constitutional changes ratified by a general referendum ballot
shall take effect January 1, unless otherwise decided by the General
Assembly.
     (j).  Any part of this General constitution may be suspended or set
aside for 1 year if so approved by a general referendum, initiated as
provided for in Section 2(a) of this Article.

Recall

     Section 3.  The General Administration Officials shall be subject to
recall upon a referendum, initiated as provided for in Section 2(a), Article
IX. They shall continue in office during the recall referendum.

ARTICLE X
Transfers, Craft Cards, Etc.

     Section 1.  There shall be a free interchange of cards between all
organizations subordinate to the Industrial Workers of the World, and any
Industrial Union shall accept, in lieu of initiation fee, the paid up
membership card of any recognized labor union. 
     Sec. 2(a).  Members of an Industrial Union who cease work in that
industry and are working in another industry for 30 days or more, must
transfer to the proper Industrial Union. No member is allowed to transfer
unless actually working in the industry s/he wishes to transfer to.
     (b).  Any member of chartered unions when working in another Industrial
Union over 30 days and who fails to transfer shall be considered a member
in bad standing.
     Sec. 3.  Members in arrears in dues and assessments cannot transfer
from one Industrial Union to another. Delinquent delegates cannot transfer.
     Sec. 4(a).  All delegates upon transferring a member from one
Industrial Union to another shall immediately send the record of transfer
to the Clearing House.
     (b).  Any member of the IWW who has attended any I.U. Conference or
convention, with voice and vote 90 days prior to the convening of the
General Assembly, at which action was taken on resolutions to be presented
to the General Assembly, or at which delegates to the General Assembly
were elected, shall not have voice and vote at any other I.U. Convention or
Conference prior to the General Assembly.

Withdrawal of Cards

     Sec. 5.  On application, members who cease to be wage workers shall
send their cards to the Secretary-Treasurer of the Clearing House who
shall enter date of withdrawal on transfer page of membership book,
together with his or her official signature, and return same to the
withdrawing member.
     Sec. 6.  Any member in continuous good standing for 10 years, and
found, after proper investigation by the Branch of the Industrial Union to
which s/he belongs, to be incapacitated for life, the Industrial Union shall
issue him/her a special membership card carrying the privilege of having a
voice under "Good and Welfare," but with no voice on the business of the
Branch.

ARTICLE XI
Charters

     Section 1.  The number of signers required on an application for a
Charter shall not be less than 10.
     Sec. 2.  The charter of a union or branch shall be surrendered when
membership falls below 5.
     Sec. 3.  Upon a union surrendering its charter, the General Executive
Board shall appoint a representative of the Industrial Workers of the World
to take charge of the charter, supplies and property and funds of said
union. Members or officers of said union refusing to deliver charter,
supplies, property or funds of union surrendering its charter to the
authorized representatives of the Industrial Workers of the World shall
be expelled from the organization.

ARTICLE XII
Unemployed members

     Section 1.  Except where Industrial Unions provide otherwise, any
member whose income for the preceding month has been less than $800.00
shall be entitled to pay dues for that month at the minimum rate of three
dollars per month, this to include students working part-time. If a member
pays more than one month in advance and later the member's income changes
to above $800, that member must pay the difference in dues with respect to
the new income beginning with the month that it changed. Special minimum-
income stamps shall be issued by the Clearing House, and shall be entered
separately in all accounts.
     Sec. 2.  Members with minimum income dues stamps are entitled to full
rights and privileges; representation at Assemblies shall in no way
discriminate between the two types of dues; except as otherwise provided
those paying minimum income dues shall be required to pay all assessments
due from employed members.

* * *

GENERAL BY-LAWS
ARTICLE I

     Section 1.  Unions shall have the power to enact such laws for their
government as they may deem necessary, providing they do not conflict with
the Constitution and By-Laws of the Industrial Workers of the World.
     Sec. 2.  A majority vote cast shall rule in the general organization
and its subordinate parts.

ARTICLE II
Defense

     Section 1.  The General Defense Committee shall be composed of the
members of the G.E.B. and Secretary-Treasurer, and they shall be empowered
to hire any help necessary. All local defense committees shall submit
monthly financial reports to the General Defense Committee.
     Sec. 2.  General Defense Locals may be organized within counties,
cities, municipal subdivisions, college campuses, or wherever a sufficient
community of interest prevails. Membership in General Defense Locals shall
be open to non-members of the Industrial Workers of the World who
subscribe to the principles of the Industrial Workers of the World and of
the General Defense Committee. A General Defense Committee Local shall
consist of five or more members in good standing.
     Sec. 3.  No expelled member of the IWW shall be eligible to membership
in any of the General Defense Committee Locals.
     Sec. 4.  The General Defense Committee shall be known as the General
Defense Committee of the IWW and shall be so stated on membership cards,
literature and letterheads.
     Sec. 5.  Initiation fees for membership in the General Defense
Committee shall be $1.00 and dues shall be $1.00 per quarter. Members of
General Defense Locals shall have the same rights of transfer and
withdrawal as specified in Article X of the Constitution of the Industrial
Workers of the World.
     Sec. 6.  General Defense Committee Locals may retain 50% of dues and
initiations collected for defense work.
     Sec. 7.  The membership of the General Defense Committee may
requisition funds from the central General Defense Committee treasury by
means of a general referendum of the entire General Defense Committee
membership, said referendum to be called by a petition of 15 GDC members in
good standing; or by a chartered local making official petition; and balloting
to be conducted by the office of the General Secretary-Treasurer. Funds
also may be requisitioned by a majority of the chartered GDC locals.
     Sec. 8.  The General Executive Board shall conduct an election of the
GDC membership - including ex-officio members and dues-paying GDC members
- to select a chairperson to serve a one-year term commencing on January
first.
     Sec. 9.  There shall be three levels of GDC support. The first level
shall entail publicity in the Industrial Worker and other IWW publications.
GEB approval is not required for such support. The second level entails
statements of support, fund-raising, organized support activity, and the
issuance of literature. Such support requires approval of either the GEB
or Assembly. The third level of support, where the GDC acts as primary
defense committee, is restricted to members of the IWW and GDC. Assembly
or GEB approval is required for such support.


ARTICLE III
Charges

     Section 1.  Whenever charges are filed by a member of one Industrial
Union against a member of the same Industrial Union, they shall be in
writing, setting forth the facts, together with the names of witnesses and
their statements regarding the offenses with which the accused member is
charged.
     The charges shall be read in the Industrial Union Branch at the next
regular meeting, at which time five members shall be elected from the floor
of the meeting to act as a charges committee. The accuser and the accused
shall have no voice in the election of the charges committee, nor can either
of them act on same.
     The committee shall furnish the accused with a true copy of the
charges either by registered mail or by personal delivery in the presence
of a witness. The charges committee shall set a date for a hearing and shall
collect all evidence both for and against the accused, and at the end of
their hearing they shall submit their findings together with the charges and
evidence to the next regular meeting of the branch, at which time the
membership will accept or reject their findings.
     If the findings are accepted by both parties the decision shall at once
be sent by registered mail to the headquarters of the Industrial Union. If
either party so desires, an appeal may be taken within 30 days to the
Convention of the Industrial Union, and to the general membership of the
Industrial Union for referendum.
     Sec. 2.  Whenever charges are filed against a member of another
Industrial Union the member preferring the charges shall present same to
the branch of which the accused is a member if there is a branch in the city
or industrial district where the alleged offense was committed. If charges
are preferred against a member of another Industrial Union for an alleged
offense in a city or industrial district where there is no branch of the
Industrial Union of which the accused is a member then the charges may be
tried by any IWW branch in the city, provided, however, if there are two or
more IWW branches in the city the trial branch shall not be the one to which
the accused belongs.
     Sec. 3.  It shall be optional for each Industrial Union to make by-
laws permitting the filing of charges direct with the Industrial Union
Convention.
     Sec. 4.  Appeal may be taken from the Industrial Union Convention to
the General Assembly by either side.
     Sec. 5(a).  No member's card shall be taken up without the action of a
regular business meeting, conference or convention.
     (b).  No publicity shall be given in our papers on any suspension until
same has been acted upon by the I.U. Convention or General Assembly. The
I.U. Convention or General Assembly shall then order whatever publicity is
necessary on the case.
     Sec. 6(a).  The circulation of accusations by one member against
another, unless substantiated by charges filed according to these
provisions, shall be grounds for expulsion of member circulating such
matters.
     (b).  No member of the IWW shall be suspended for more than 90 days.
All charges must be finally disposed of, and members so charged either
expelled or reinstated within that time.
     Sec. 7.  When the member charged does not belong to an IUB or GMB that
can provide for his/her trial, the GEB shall provide arrangements for a fair
trial, and shall seek agreement between the charged and charging parties on
these arrangements.

ARTICLE IV
Employees

     Section 1.  All employees hired by the IWW shall be members of the IWW
when possible.

Expelled Members

     Sec. 2.  The general organization and Industrial Unions shall be
prohibited from employing expelled members until such members have been
reinstated and placed in good standing by the union or unions from which
they were expelled.

ARTICLE V
Delinquency

     Section 1.  Monthly dues are payable the first of each month. Members
whose dues are 60 days in arrears (60 days from the first of the month
when dues were payable), shall be in bad standing and shall not be entitled
to any rights or benefits in the IWW until such dues have been paid. After
6 months in bad standing members cannot take part in business meetings.
     Sec. 2.  Delinquent delegates are members in bad standing. Delinquency
of delegates shall be defined by the Industrial Union to which the delegate
belongs.
     Sec. 3.  All G.O.C. travelling delegates and branch secretaries when
issuing credentials shall mark in delegate's membership card the number of
the credentials issued with the date,and by whom issued; and when a
delegate's account is cleared, the Clearing House shall issue her or him a
clearance stamp to be affixed on his or her membership card.

ARTICLE VI
Supplies, Etc.

     All subordinate organizations of the Industrial Workers of the World
must procure and use such supplies as dues books, dues stamps, official
buttons, labels and badges from the General Secretary Treasurer. All such
supplies are to be of a uniform design.

                           ARTICLE VII
                     Speakers and Organizers

     Sec. 1. No members of the IWW shall represent the organization before
a body of wage earners without first having been authorized by the General
Executive Board or a subordinate part of the IWW.

     Sec. 2.  No organizer for the IWW while on the platform for this
organization shall advocate any political party platform.

ARTICLE VIII
Intoxication

Repealed


ARTICLE IX
Declinations

     Any member who accepts nomination for an official position and
declines after his or her name has been placed on the ballot, shall not be
eligible for any office for 2 years, unless good cause is given such as
sickness or being in jail.

ARTICLE X

     No publication that is entirely controlled by the IWW shall accept paid
advertisement in any form.

ARTICLE XI

     Section 1.  Each Industrial Union shall have power to make rules
relating to agreements between its job branches and the employers.
     Sec. 2.  No agreement made by any component part of the IWW shall
provide for a checkoff of union dues by the employer, or obligate the
members of the union to do work that would aid in breaking any strike.

ARTICLE XII

     No clause of the General By-Laws in the General Constitution shall be
considered valid unless carried by referendum vote and inserted in the
General Constitution and By-Laws. 

ARTICLE XIII

     No officer or member of the Union may seek a private interview with
an employer in the event of a strike or during contract negotiations.

* * *

SELECTED RESOLUTIONS
Political Parties & Discipline

     Whereas, the primary object of the Industrial Workers of the World is
to unite the workers on the industrial battlefield; and 
     Whereas, Organization in any sense implies discipline through the
subordination of parts to the whole and of the individual member to the
body of which he or she is a part; therefore be it
     Resolved, That to the end of promoting industrial unity and of
securing necessary discipline within the organization, the IWW refuses all
alliances, direct and indirect, with existing political parties or anti-
political sects, and disclaims responsibility for any individual opinion or
act which may be at variance with the purposes herein expressed.

Cooperatives

     Resolved: That non-wage earners in producer cooperatives may join
the Industrial Workers of the world, provided that those co-ops are not
exploitative and do not undermine wages.

Organizing Campaigns

     Resolved: That the following policy be adopted on organizing campaigns:
     1. Delegates attached to General Membership Branches shall obtain the
approval of the Branch before beginning an organizing campaign. The Branch
will be held responsible for seeing that the campaign is carried through as
effectively as possible. 
     2. Delegates not attached to a GMB shall obtain the approval of the
appropriate regional General Organizing Committee, or the General Executive
Board, before beginning an organizing campaign. They will be expected to: (a)
Have knowledge of the job and industry in which they plan to organize; (b) Be
able to guarantee, beyond a reasonable doubt, that they will be able to
remain in the area until the campaign is concluded; (c) Have a workable plan
for financing the expenses of the campaign; (d) Report regularly to the
Regional Organizing Committee or the GEB on the progress of the campaign.
                                                                  
                     FUNDING FOR ORGANIZING

     1(a). Any IWW Branch, Job Shop, Group, or Delegate may request funds
for organizing by submitting a clearly written proposal to the
Clearinghouse. This proposal shall include, but will not necessarily be
limited to, the following information; person or group requesting funds;
budget request (including stipends, phone costs, supplies, travel, etc.). This
budget request shall also include a proposed monthly disbursement schedule;
description of organizing drive; timetable for organizing drive.
     (b). The Clearinghouse, upon receipt of the proposal, will send copies
of the proposal to General Executive Board members immediately.
     (c). The GEB shall have a maximum of 45 days (from the postmark on the
proposal) to vote on the proposal. If the person(s) submitting the proposal
requests a phone vote for expediency, the GEB must vote by phone. A
proposal can only be accepted by a majority vote of the GEB.
     2(a). Immediately after a proposal is approved, funds will be
distributed on a monthly basis to the delegate, group, job shop, or branch
requesting the funds.
     (b). Monthly reports shall be sent to the Clearinghouse explaining the
progress of the organizing drive. These reports shall include a financial
report and appropriate receipts. Funds will not be disbursed without
monthly reports.
     (c). Funds can be suspended at any time by a majority vote of the GEB.
If this occurs, the balance of funds not yet spent must be returned to the
Clearinghouse promptly.
     3. Any GEB decision can be appealed to the general membership via a
referendum (see Article IX of the Constitution).

                          TRANSLATIONS

     The GST may authorize the expenditure of organizing funds necessary
to translate and reproduce IWW literature for organizing purposes, into any
language requested by a GMB, Job Shop, IWW Group, or Delegate.

                           RESOLUTIONS

     Resolutions to be voted upon at General Assembly must be presented
to the membership through the GOB at least two months before the Assembly
convenes to allow proxy votes to be gathered on the issues involved.
Resolutions submitted to the Assembly that have not been published in the
GOB as described above must only be voted on if the convention body
determines through majority vote that their content is of such an
emergency nature that it would effect the operation of the union.

                          EXPENDITURES

     Expenditures exceeding $5,000 can be authorized only by member
referendum.

                                
                    LIST OF INDUSTRIAL UNIONS
To Be Used for the Information of Delegates in Initiating New Members

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AND FISHERIES  No. 100
     Agricultural workers IU 110: All workers on farms, ranches, orchards,
and plantations.
     Lumber Workers IU 120:  All workers in forests. All workers engaged in
logging operations, in saw and shingle mills, and in preparing wood for fuel
and manufacturing purposes. Bark and sap collection.
     Fishery Workers IU 130:  All workers in fishing pursuits on oceans,
lakes and rivers. Oyster and clam bed keepers. Workers engaged in collecting
pearls, corals, and sponges. Workers in fish hatcheries.
     Floriculture Workers IU 140:  All workers in nurseries, flower gardens,
green- and hot-houses. Cultivation of silk. Distribution of floral products.
    
DEPARTMENT OF MINING AND MINERALS No. 200
     Metal Mine Workers IU 210:  All workers engaged in mining all metals and
minerals. All workers in refineries, smelters, mills, and other reduction
works. All workers in stone and other quarries.
     Coal Mine Workers IU 220:   All workers engaged in coal mining and the
production of coke and briquets.
     Oil Workers IU 230:   All workers in oil and gas fields, refineries and
processing facilities. All workers engaged in distribution of the products.

DEPARTMENT OF GENERAL CONSTRUCTION No. 300
     General Construction Workers IU 310:  All workers engaged in
construction of docks, railroads, highways, streets, bridges, sewers,
subways, tunnels, canals, viaducts, irrigation canals and pipelines.
     Ship Builders IU 320: All workers engaged in building and repairing
ships, boats, and small harbor craft. All drydock workers.
     Building construction Workers IU 330:  All workers engaged in erection
and construction of houses and buildings, and in delivery of materials.

DEPARTMENT OF MANUFACTURE AND GENERAL PRODUCTION No. 400
     Textile and Clothing Workers IU 410: All workers engaged in producing
cloth from natural or synthetic fibers. All workers engaged in manufacturing
wearing apparel.
     Furniture Workers IU 420:  All workers in planing mills and furniture
factories. All workers engaged in producing wooden containers.
     Chemical Workers IU 430:  all workers engaged in producing drugs,
paint, rubber, explosives, medicines, chemicals, plastics, synthetic fibers,
and other chemically-based products.
     Metal and Machinery Workers IU 440: All workers in blast furnaces,
steel mills, aluminum plants, etc. All workers engaged in producing
agricultural machinery, cars, locomotives, engines, automobiles, bicycles,
air craft, and various instruments. Tool makers, jewellery and watchmakers.
     Printing and Publishing House Workers IU 450:  All workers engaged in
producing printed matter.
     Foodstuff Workers IU 460:   All workers except agricultural and
fishery workers, engaged in producing and processing food, beverages, and
tobacco products.
     Leather Workers IU 470:  All workers in tanneries and factories
producing leather goods, luggage, boots, and shoes.
     Glass and Pottery Workers IU 480:  All workers producing glass,
chinaware, pottery, tile and bricks.
     Pulp and Paper Mill workers IU 490:  All workers in pulp and paper mills
engaged in making pulp, paper and paper containers.

DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION AND COMMUNICATION No. 500
     Marine Transport Workers IU 510:   All workers engaged in marine
transportation. All workers on docks and in terminals.
     Railroad Workers IU 520:  All workers engaged in long distance railway
freight and passenger transportation. All workers in locomotive, car, and
repair shops. All workers in and around passenger and freight terminals.
     Motor Transport Workers IU 530:  All workers engaged in hauling
freight and passengers by truck, bus, and cab. All workers in and around
motor freight sheds, and bus passenger stations.
     Municipal Transportation Workers IU 540:  All workers engaged in
municipal, short distance transportation service.
     Air Transport Workers IU 550:  All workers employed in air service and
maintenance.
     Communications Workers IU 560:  All workers engaged in telephone,
telegraph, wireless, radio and television operation.
     Data Storage and Retrieval Workers IU 570:  All workers engaged in
electronic communication.

DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SERVICE No. 600
     Health Service Workers IU 610:  All workers employed in hospitals and
health restoration services.
     Educational Workers Iu 620:  All workers in educational institutions.
     Recreational Workers IU 630:  All workers in playgrounds and places
of amusement and recreation. All professional entertainers.
     Restaurant, Hotel, and Building Service Workers IU 640:  All workers
in facilities for public accommodation. All building service workers.
     Park and Highway Maintenance Workers IU 650:  All workers in
cemeteries and all workers engaged in street and highway maintenance.
     General Distribution workers IU 660: All workers in general
distribution facilities, wholesale and retail. 
     Public Service Workers IU 670:  All workers engaged in public supply
services and other institutional services.
     Household Service Workers IU 680:  All workers engaged in performing
services in the home.
     Sex Trade Workers IU 690: All workers employed as dancers and models,
telephone sex workers, actors and other workers who use sexuality as the
primary tool of their trade (excluding all agents of the boss class able to
hire or fire, or possessing equivalent coercive or punitive power).
                                                               

                        ORDER OF BUSINESS
1. Opening and Calling Meeting to Order.
2. Reading of Minutes.
3. Reading of Applications for Membership.
4. Reports of committees, Standing and Special.
5. Reports of Delegates and Officers.
6. Reading of communications and Bills.
7. Monthly Report of financial Secretary, including reading of receipts and
expenses.
8. Unfinished Business.
9. New Business.
10. Nominations, Elections, and Installations.
11. Good and Welfare.
12. Adjournment.
