
"On the other hand we know that most of the so-called intellectuals are,
by reason of their education.... their class prejudice... tend to want the
subjugation of the masses to their will."
 
		- * -

"We accept the intellectuals with pleasure and without suspicion when they
fuse with the working class, when they join the people without the
pretensions of command.... but with the open mind of someone coming admit
brothers and sisters to repay them a debt they have contracted in educating 
themselves, which in most cases is at the expense of the children whose work 
has produced their means of labor." 

		- * -

"Human societies, if they are to be communities of free (people) working
together for the greatest good of all, and no longer convents or despotisms
held together by religious superstition or brute force, can not be the
artificial creation of an individual or of a sect.  They must be the
results of the needs and the competitive or divergent wills of all their
members who by trial and error find the institutions which at any given
time are the best possible, and who develop and change them as circumstances
and wills change.... One may, therefore, prefer communism or individualism or
collectivism, or any other system, and work by example and propaganda for
the achievement of one's personal preferences; but one must beware, at the
risk of certain disaster, of supposing that one's own system is the only
and infallible one, good for all (people), everywhere and for all times,
and that its success must be ensured at all costs, by means other than
those which depend on persuasion, which spring from the evidence of facts....
What is important and indispensible, the point of departure, is to ensure
for everybody the means to be free."  

		- * -

"The police and army are there to keep a brake on the people and assure 
the landowners's tranquility.  But if they have guns and cannons, there's 
no reason why we have to fight empty handed.  We know how to use guns 
too, and can get hold of them with astuteness and courage.  (These and 
other "incendiary materials" are) tools which if in the hands of the govt 
serve to hold the people in slavery, in the hands of the people will 
serve to conquer freedom.  The revolution can hardly be achieved with 
holy water and the litany."

		- * -

"Organisation, far from creating authority, is the only cure for it and the 
only means whereby each of us will get used to taking an active and conscious 
part in collective work, and cease being passive instruments in the hands of 
leaders."

		- * -

"The anarchist organisation must, in their constitution and operation, be in 
harmony with the principles of anarchism, that is, they must in no way be 
polluted by the spirit of authoritarianism; they must be able to reconcile 
the free action of individuals with the need and pleasure of co-operation 
and help to develop the awareness and initiative of their members."
 
"the individual members can express any opinion or adopt any tactic which 
does not contradict the accepted principles and does not harm the activity 
of other people."


