ANARCHYINALBION? -  Frater Nexhagus XXIII - part 4 of 4


The irony involved in all of this is that the I.O.D never ever 
stated that the `levitation' was a straight-forward levitation. 
Although, the building did rise to a considerable degree, we were 
far more interested in attempting to `sink' it. Our prophecy that 
if the levitation were to go wrong, The Albert Tower could end up 
being an unique tourist attraction (like the leaning Tower of 
Pisa!) was proved to be entirely correct and confirmed only a few 
days after the event. This method successfully worked to our 
advantage as reports eventually leaked out a week later that the 
buliding had in fact sunk (but was somehow mysteriously 
attributed to a newly developed Austrian tunnelling method that 
was also deemed responsible for the collapse of a tunnel being 
built at Heathrow Airport on the day of the `levitation').  

[The proposed secondary target of levitation at Canary Wharf 
Tower will be one of our many future objectives in our on-going 
campaign against The Conspiracy provided that we are unhindered 
by further counter-psychic-attack attempts by the Masonic Mass 
Media Mind-Controllers based within that structure. - See the 
article "The Hoax HOAX! Bomb Hoax Hoax!" in the third issue of 
GROUNDLEVEL magazine which chronicles one of these instances).

The combined psychic powers of all those present at The Palace of 
Westminster was redirected in order to exorcise the demons. 
(Obviously, this then meant that the psychic charge that could 
easily raise the building was more usefully made to intiate the 
immanentization of the Eschaton.) Although, some may think that 
it was rather underhanded of us to (ab)use the psychic energies 
of `innocent' others in order to cause chaos to corrupt the 
control process, at least it was all in a good cause! It would 
have been unwise of us to reveal our actual occult intentions to 
everyone, as then it would almost be certain that no-one would 
have wanted to participate in the `levitation`. Such tried and 
tested techniques of psychic deception are legion in occult 
matters, and even the noted magickian Dion Fortune in her tome 
`Psychick Self-Defence` commented that "To find one has been 
successfully hoaxed by a lunatic is a humiliating experience." 
This is not to say that the I.O.D are lunatics (even though we 
are all affected by certain aspects of the lunar cycle); we are 
simply following on in the grand traditions of a long-line of 
psychic charlatans, sham shamans, and magickal tricksters.

Don`t let THEM immanentize the Eschaton!

This ritual of ridicule was a psychic attack on the Mother of all 
Parliaments. Unlike many of our contemporaries we did not treat 
the `levitation` of Parliament as a `joke'. [The problem with 
political jokes is that they sometimes get elected!] And as 
Ambrose Bierce succinctly put it (before mysteriously 
disappearing); "The idiots are always the largest and most 
influential political party in any society."

Into the Belly of the Beast, an unruly revolution of ridicule 
culminated in a holy communion of Chaos at the House of Commons 
to taunt and taint authority. There were no leaders, heroes, or 
organisers. Everyone was warned prior to the event that they 
should beware of all structure-freaks. "Don`t let anyone lead 
you, but yourself!"

A parade took place prior to the ritual. All manner of 
provocative costumes were worn (nudity was also acceptable): John 
Major clones, Cosmic Clowns (with water pistols filled with LSD), 
Salman Rushdie, psuedo Policemen, Martians, Bugs Bunny, Daleks, 
Skyclad Witch-Queens, Elvis look-a-likes, esoterrorists, Neoists, 
Pearly Kings, Drag Queens, etc, etc...

Various large banners were unfurled proclaiming many sentiments 
to mark the occassion: "Total Disarmament Now!", "KILL THE BILL", 
"FUCK C*NS*RSH*P!", "We demand the freedom to stand around and do 
nothing", "Never mind the theory, here`s the slogans!", "It`s not 
just taxes that are going to be raised this autumn!", etc.

The area surrounding Parliament - which sits like a cancerous 
tumour on the bank of the tortured Thames, The Citadel and nerve 
centre of the blighted British Empire - was reclaimed and 
declared a Temporary Autonomous Zone (for more details of this 
phenomena read Hakim Bey`s book of the same acronym). Mind-
blowing incense drifted up to fill the Ozone layer. A cosmic 
consummation of divine union ensued between the Sky God and the 
Earth Mother and a supreme act of consecrated conjugal coitus 
commenced. Many chants were repeated over and over again, until 
they metamorphosed into an amazing magickal mantra.

"Ring a Ringo aroundo Parliamento,
 A pocket fullo Prankos,
 Twenty-three MPos,
 Deserve none of our thankos,
 All the evil spiritos
 Start to tumble outo,
 Now democracy`s overo, 
 We all begin to shouto!"

This was `backed-up` by a strong presence of ritual drummers and 
specially invited guest-speakers with megaphones from that day`s 
"Speaker`s Corner" held at Hyde Park Corner who helped to 
entertain and prepare the crowds for the ritual proceedings. We 
had investigated the possibility of having the legendary Fortean 
drunkard and wizened wizard Tony `Doc' Shiels to be one of the 
many Masters of Ceremonies at the invokation. He had confirmed 
that he would try his very best to rise to the occasion and be in 
attendance on the 23rd. The good Doctor stated that "The Magick 
has begun. I hope that you understand that I (plus certain 
trusted members of the Nnidnid Cabal) are on the case. That is to 
say, the great game is afoot and we are detecting in a shamanic-
Sherlockian sense. Sometimes soapings happen..." [We were also 
hoping to get Guinness breweries to sponsor Doc`s trip over from 
the Faerie Isle, but then again we thought that they would most 
probably tell us to Puck off!] But, as the Great Hare (aka the 
Spooky Pooka) once said in a Warner Brothers Cartoon, "What`s UP 
Doc!?!" (Obviously, a veiled prophetic reference to his 
predestined calling to be at the levitation?) To this day it is 
still uncertain whether Doc Sheils was actually there... many 
unconfirmed sightings were given, but no definite evidence has 
been forthcoming as of yet!

It also came to our attention that the acid-rock band Hawkwind 
would (probably!?!) be in attendance to play (perhaps, "I`ve got 
levitation" by the 13th Floor Elevators!?!) on the day... They 
didn't!!!
 
Since it was almost impossible to form a circle of people around 
Parliament in order to counteract its malign influence, or to 
even get access to the evil edifice at all, it was deemed 
neccesary to inform a number of authoritarian bodies by warning 
them that ths sacred symbol would be held under siege. 
Applications for permits were sent to the mandatory governing 
bodies in order for the ritual to be carried out at Sinister 
Westminster. Heathrow Airport even wrote a terse missive to the 
`Anarchy in the U.K.' HQ warning all concerned not to infringe 
their airspace, as they were unprepared to postpone any flights 
on the day. [An action which they no doubt later regretted with 
hindsight when they discovered that part of their main terminal 
building had `unexpectedly' collapased into a partially completed 
transport tunnel!]  

At which point it was suggested that the `sacramental gesture` of 
urinating on Parliament would take place. This noble act would 
signify all of the times that Parliament has pissed all over the 
people it controls under it's territories. To take advantage of 
ludicrous loop-holes in the urinating laws, it sounded fairly 
feasible to be able to pour bottles of urine on Parliament (and 
get away with it!) This method also suited those people who 
wished to "piss on Parliament" but were unable to do so, due to 
such reasons as bladder retention, gender restrictions, or an 
unwillingness to parade their privates in wintry weather (It was 
also feared that representatives from Thee Temple Ov Psychick 
Youth that had genital piercings might also suffer from the 
notorious `sprayback effect` which would also affect their aim). 
Therefore, it was recommended that plastic bottles containing 
urine were to be used (or containing a potion of `OV` in TOPY`s 
case!) By doing so, if the authorities were to get pissed off by 
our `pissing` (or rather, pouring) on Parliament, we could 
exploit the loophole in the law by claiming that we had not 
actually physically urinated in the street (but instead offered a 
libation to the Gods and Goddesses!)

[It should also be noted here that urine is not bad, it is good. 
Recently, this fact was brilliantly pointed out by the liberated 
sex siren and perverted pop queen Madonna who remarked to shocked 
American audiences on David Letterman`s live talk-show, "Did you 
know it`s good if you pee in the shower? Peeing in the shower is 
good, it fights athlete`s foot. I`m serious. Urine is like an 
antiseptic. It all has to do with the enzymes in your body." 
Typically, this was treated by a mainstream Amerikan audience as 
yet another example of crude lewdness by the first lady of lust, 
but by golly she was right! It is also fitting that urine was to 
be used in this ritual as not only does it provide a nice 
metaphor and prevent nasty fungal infections, but originally it 
was nature`s very own territorial mark which was used by man 
before he learnt how to denote territory by the mark of the 
secretions of ink from a pen on paper, and then tied the boundary 
up with an impassable barrier of red tape. At least now we can 
reverse the territory by devolving them to their original state 
and also cleanse the area with an antiseptic solution!]

We were fully aware that the Government were not going to let us 
defy the law of gravity because they will not let us defy any of 
the other several million Draconian laws of this corrupted 
country. The enemies of Enlightenment are always vigilant, but 
historically Chaos always reigns. Chaos will always corrupt 
control. 

Previous attempts to tamper with the government have made 
history. Although Guy Fawkes is sometimes credited with being the 
only person to enter Parliament with the right intentions, it was 
in fact Christine Keeler`s pussy that brought down the government 
more effectively. (It is also interesting to note that the 
cunning callgirl called Christine was paid 23,000 by the News of 
the World for her disclosures concerning the John Profumo 
scandal.) 

The Media Machine needs a Who-What-When-Where-and-Why scenario in 
order to go about its business of devious diversions and 
distortions. By placing a banana skin in the works of its 
corrupted cogs and turning the machine on overload we can 
sabotage the system. Even if we put truth serum in the reporters` 
drinks it is still inevitable that they will not "tell the whole 
truth and nothing but the truth". Everyone is liable to be a 
hostage to the hostile press. Such activities that propagate as 
many peculiar paradigms as propagandada (as [im]possible) will 
attract/distract the attention of the media. We can use and abuse 
this privilege by providing as many true lies as possible in 
order to create as much media mayhem and chaos as possible. Who`s 
conspiracy is it anyway!?!

This day may well have been one of our very last chances to 
present the general public with a proclamation of political 
parody against the MotherFucker of all Parliaments.

As anarchs of the new paradigm, the I.O.D hoped that this 
Eschatological event in the `Autumn of Anarchy` would help to 
prove that the Discordian version of surrealism is truly becoming 
a new apolitical reality.

The barricades of the mass media can always be effectively 
ramraided by generating sufficient advanced publicity (free of 
charge - by word of mouth, or by whatever means at hand... The 
development of media outrage and coverage are actively encouraged 
can be fully exploited. Anonymous tip-offs, "loose-talk", etc. 
can be combined with ancient concepts such as the likes of 
Chinese Whispers to prove to be one of the greatest assets 
available to a disinformationist's disposal and a 
Propagandadaist`s dream. (e.g.. A rabbit will be ritually 
sacrificed at Parliament... When in fact the only rabbit taking 
place in the ritual will be a trained occultist participant 
dressed in a rabbit costume.)

The acts of insurgent festivity that took place included 
subversive intervention of "official" (serious) culture, public 
events and (cyber & territorial) space, pranks combining 
agitational propaganda, ontological anarchy, contagious play, and 
involve schizoversive transgression of behavioural codes and 
dogma. Intense spontaneity is inherently unpredictable. Trust and 
good communication can conjure up challenging unforgettable 
adventures. the "logic of the game" into commercial and corporate 
space, introducing satirical and surrealistic strategies as 
seditious salacious surprises. A single symbolic act can cause 
chaotic ripples on a once still pool of `normality'. Pranks, like 
Magick are a pure form of experimental art. The universal nature 
and scope of pranks defy simple (or logical) explanations. Chaos 
cannot be known, it can only be experienced. By fusing our dreams 
with reality we can dissect the separation of art and life. 

Those who desire further disinformation concerning any of the 
many activities planned by the I.O.D and other assorted occult 
occurances are advised to contact the following address (with a 
S.A.E and suitable donation where applicable):-

THE I..O..D, BM INDEFINITE, LONDON, WC1N 3XX.

This dissertation compiled on 23/5/5995 A.M. by Frater Nexhagus 
XXIII, and ably assisted by Aderyn Fawr, Paul 777, James Eden, 
Pope Nai Enob, Karen Eliot, Soror Scoobie Doo O and various 
other unknown allies ov thee I.O.D.
EWIGE BLUMENKRAFT!
FNORDS?  Prffft!       IO CHAOS!!   OM!!!      -><-     KALLISTI!
Hail Eris!! All Hail Discordia!!!



