Anti-Fascist Action

10 Years On

  Ten years ago 300 people met in a Central London hall to discuss

setting up a new anti-fascist organisation. The result was the

formation of Anti-Fascist Action, "to oppose racism and fascism

physically on the streets and ideologically."

  Since the Anti-Nazi League was closed down by the Socialist

Workers Party in 1981, there was no national organisation to co-

ordinate anti-fascist opposition, despite the increasing number of

racist attacks and on-going targeting of left-wing activities.

There were small groups of anti-fascists around the country, but

they were isolated and coming under increasing pressure from the

police. AFA was formed to end the isolation and draw in larger

numbers to the anti-fascist movement. Initially the alliance of

'liberals' and 'militants' in AFA achieved results, certainly anti-

fascism was put back on the public agenda, and victories over the

NF at Stockport (1985) and Bury St Edmunds (1986), followed by the

successful campaign to finish of the NF Remembrance Day parades in

Central London, showed our ability to disrupt the fascists and gave

anti-fascists increasing confidence.

  One thing that AFA has learnt is that effective anti-fascism

doesn't mean rigidly applying a set formula; tactics and strategies

need to adapt to changing circumstances. By 1989 AFA started to

define itself as the militant wing of the anti-fascist movement. We

moved away from protest actions and calls for the government and

police to lead the fight against fascism. We made it clear that we

were not fighting fascism to defend the status quo but because

fascism is reactionary, ultra-conservative, and anti-working class.

  AFA's objective was to clear the fascists out of working class

areas and create the space for a progressive alternative to be

built. Armed with this new strategy AFA started to grow rapidly,

and the successful campaign against the BNP's "Rights for Whites"

campaign in East London (1990-91) Was soon followed by significant

victories in the North West of England, Scotland, and then the

Midlands.

  Once AFA had defined itself as 'militant anti-fascist' it was

important to give the militants an independent voice. The AFA

magazine, Fighting Talk, was launched to do this (1991) and the

hard-hitting AFA video, also called Fighting Talk, was shown on

BBC's Open Space in 1992, clearly showing the class nature of

fascism and the need for militant opposition.

  However 1992 also saw the arrival of 'the Left' into the anti-

fascist arena, with the launch of the ANL, YRE, and ARA. Despite

having abandoned anti-fascism for over 10 years, these groups now

decided they would 'lead' the movement. Their access to large

amounts of money, and sections of the media, allowed them to 'flood

the market' for a while, but in traditional 'left wing' style, once

the money and recruits dry up, they jump onto another bandwagon.

They have done considerable damage, though, for where AFA

challenged the traditional 'left wing' stereotype (both politically

and physically) they have simply presented soft targets and soft

politics. Their support for Labour' in places like East London

where Labour has presided over the area's decline for years, while

not promoting any challenge from the Left, has merely helped the

BNP present themselves as the 'radical' alternative.

  The inability of the BNP to stage public events without severe

disruption - from Burnley (1993) to Bloxwich (1994), St Andrews Day

(Glasgow 1991) to St George's Day (Birmingham 1994) - has led them

to declare that there would be "... no more marches, meetings,

punch-ups..." (1994 Spearhead). This change of tactics by the BNP

has presented AFA with a new challenge, for if the fascists have

withdrawn from the physical arena, new forces need to be created to

challenge them politically. The space that AFA has made hasn't been

filled, and if it isn't filled by the Left, it will be filled by

the Right.

  While the BNP adopt a low-key electoral strategy at present, the

threat of fascist violence has been taken up by C18. The exact

nature of this threat remains to be seen, but they have recently

taken control of the nazi music organisation Blood and Honour.

Blood and Honour tried to operate openly but were smashed by AFA at

Hyde Park Corner (1989) and the famous Battle of Waterloo (1992),

and so now their gigs are highly secretive and therefore less

effective. AFA has also used music to spread the anti-fascist

message, initially with Cable St. Beat, the Unity Carnivals (1991-

93), and more recently the club-based Freedom of Movement.

  C18 is also involved in recruiting at football, and this

challenge is being met by AFA, with supporters at Celtic, and then

Man. Utd., giving a lead. European links are growing with the

Hamburg club St. Pauli and Athletico Bilbau. AFA had developed

international contacts with many groups, especially in Europe and

North America, and is actively involved in ending the isolation of

militant anti-fascist groups - this task being more urgent since

the German state's attempts to criminalise and destroy the

militants from Gottingen.

  AFA is well organised, has experience and ambition, and above all

a plan. Join us.

