Interview with Buenaventura Durruti, by Pierre Van Paasen from the Toronto 
Daily Star, Madrid, 1936:

"For us it is a question of crushing fascism once and for all.  Yes, in spite
of government.

No government in the world fights fascism to the death.  When the bourgeoisie
sees power slipping from its grasp it has recourse to fascism to maintain
itself.  The liberal government in Spain could have rendered the fascist
elements powerless long ago.  Instead it temporised and compromised and 
dallied.  Even now at this moment, there are men in this government who want
to go easy with the rebels.  You can never tell, you know - the present 
government might yet need these rebellious forces to crush the workers'
movement...

We know what we want.  To us it means nothing that there is a Soviet Union
somewhere in the world, for the sake of whose tranquillity the workers of
Germany and Spain were sacrificed to fascist barbarism by Stalin.  We want
the revolution here in Spain, right now, not maybe after the next European
war.  We are giving Hitler and Mussolini far more worry today with our
revolution than the whole Red Army of Russia.  We are setting an example
to the German and Italian working class how to deal with fascism.

I do not expect any help for a libertarian revolution from any government
in the world.  Maybe the conflicting interests in the various imperialisms
might have some influence on our struggle.  That is quite possible.  Franco
is doing his best to drag Europe into the conflict.  He will not hesitate
to pitch Germany in against us.  But we expect no help, not even from our
government in the last analysis.

[Pierre Van Paasen interjects:  'You will be sitting on a pile of ruins if
you are victorious.']

We have always lived in slums and holes in the wall. We will know how to
accomodate ourselves for a time.  For you must not forget, we can also build.
It is we who built those palaces and cities here in Spain and America and
everywhere.  We, the workers, can build others to take their place.  And
better ones.  We are not in the least afraid of ruins.  We are going to
inherit the earth.  There is not the slightest doubt about that.  The
bourgeoisie might blast and ruin its own world before it leaves the stage
of history.  We carry a new world, here in our hearts.  That world is
growing this minute."


