Via NY Transfer News Collective * All the News that Doesn't Fit

from "el diario/La Prensa," a Spanish language newspaper published
in New York City. Translated and edited by Toby Mailman.


Mexico

NEW STEP TOWARD PEACE:
Resignation of Chiapas Interim Governor Facilitates Negotiations
with Rebels

The resignation of the interim governor of Chiapas, Elmar Setzer,
increased the possibility of a political solution to the armed
conflict in that state and is seen as a new step by the Federal
Government in the search for peace.

Setzer, who replaced deposed minister of government Patrocinio
Gonzalez Blanco Garrido since January 4, 1993, had been questioned
for his ties with the previous governor and for his management of
the internal situation in Chiapas.

The crisis broke out on January 1 when the Zapatista National
Liberation Army (EZLN) burst on the scene, taking over four towns
and declaring war against the current government. During his 12-
month term Setzer was the main instigator of the expulsions of
indigenous people from the region of San Juan Chamula for
religious reasons, and was considered to be a staunch supporter of
Gonzalez Blanco.

The Chiapas state government headed by Setzer was the first
official agency questioned by the armed actions of the EZLN,
although the EZLN never specifically asked for his dismissal.

Following Setzer's resignation the Chiapas state congress named
Javier L"pez Moreno, a native Chiapaneco and an indigenous Tzotil
from Tenejapa, as governor, which can be interpreted as a
concession to the millions of indigenous people living that in the
state.

According to newspaper reports Setzer's government had information
about guerrilla groups in the area since last May, but did not
foresee the explosion of the armed conflict.

L"pez Moreno is descendent from the Tzotil, one of the main
indigenous ethnic groups in Chiapas, and was minister of education
and culture in the state government of General Absal"n
Castellanos, who was kidnapped by the EZLN.

Hours before Setzer's resignation became known the presidential
peace and reconciliation commissioner in Chiapas, Manuel Camacho
Sol!s, had confirmed that for the pacification of the state the
unity of the Chiapanecos and political recomposition were
necessary.

Setzer's exit is considered to be a new action by the government
in favor of a peaceful solution to the conflict which is now at a
point of political solution after 11 days of confrontations which
left, unofficially, over 200 dead.

The first conciliatory actions by the government were the naming
of Camacho as commissioner, a unilateral ceasefire, the
announcement of amnesty for those involved in the conflict and an
increase in investments to combat poverty.

When he took over the governorship L"pez Moreno announced his
intention to work in Ocosingo, where the bloodiest confrontations
of the conflict took place, and pointed out his indigenous
origins.

"I come from a family like many Chiapanecos which has had no
brilliance or lineage, but neither meanness nor rancor. My blood
has never demanded special consideration or privileges," he said
in Tuxtla Gutirrez.

Regarding the participation of indigenous people in the
government, a point on which the EZLN has put emphasis in order to
assure that theirs is an indigenous movement, L"pez repeated, "The
indians will be involved in the definition and the fate of
Chiapas; as things go with them, so they go with everyone." (ED-LP
1/20/94 from EFE)

                               -30-


DEFENSE MINISTER EXPECTS GUERRILLA ATTACKS

The Mexican minister of national defense indicated in a military
communiqu on 1/20/94 that he has "knowledge that in the next 24
hours criminal groups (guerrillas) are planning to carry out armed
attacks against he towns of Yajal"n, Sabanillas and Venustiano
Carranza," in the southern state of Chiapas,

The Zapatista National Liberation Army (EZLN), which on January 1
launched a "declaration of war" against the Mexican government and
army, has maintained a truce since January 13 in response to a
ceasefire previously declared by President Carlos Salinas.

The minister of national defense did not give out any more details
on the plans of the EZLN guerrillas, who in statements to the
national press have accused the air force of bombing the mountains
of Chiapas.

The military communiqu also indicated that "accusations have been
received from residents of the region (of Los Altos de Chiapas)
that a group of 20 armed individuals with covered faces stole a
number of cattle from a ranch located between the towns of
Copainala and Coapilla on January 17."

It added that "To date federal army soldiers continue guarding the
towns of Altamirano, San Crist"bal, Ocosingo and Las Margaritas,
among others.

In San Crist"bal U.S. senator Joseph Kennedy met with a number of
priests in order to familiarize himself with the situation in
Chiapas and is preparing a tour of the zones of conflict. (ED-LP
1/20/94 by AFP)

[To date no EZLN actions as mentioned by the defense minister have
been reported.]

                               -30-

+----------------------------------------------------------------+
+ 212-675-9690      NY TRANSFER NEWS COLLECTIVE     212-675-9663 +
+           Since 1985: Information for the Rest of Us           +
+ e-mail: nyt@blythe.org                   info: info@blythe.org +


