The information in this file was recently published in FREEDOM  -
the fortnightly anarchist journal published by FREEDOM PRESS:

FREEDOM PRESS (IN  ANGEL  ALLEY)  84B  WHITECHAPEL  HIGH  STREET,
LONDON E1 7QX GREAT BRITAIN

Do write for a sample copy or for  a  copy  of  our  booklist  of
publications.  We will be putting more of this information out so
watch this spot...

NEWS FROM AOTEAROA

THE COMMITTEE FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF CIVILISATION

The Anarchist Alliance of Aotearoa is a loose  network  of  small
activist  groups  around  the country, who have agreed to a brief
statement of aims and objectives. At present there are 12  groups
in  Wellington,  Auckland, Hamilton, Christchurch and Motueka and
individuals in other centres. Several of the groups are comprised
of   Anarchist   women,   who  also  network  separately  as  the
Anarchist-Feminist Federation of Aotearoa.  These  groups  formed
after the 1990 conference, when it became obvious that women were
not attracted to  the  Anarchist  movement  as  it  existed.  The
Anarchist  movement  in  Aorearoa  (Aotearoa  is  the name of the
country, it was re-named New Zealand by Europeans) is small,  but
it  has  been steadily growing in numbers and in its influence in
wider political movements.

We are engaged in a number  of  activities  in  our  attempts  to
spread  anarchist  ideas,  and encourage people to organise in an
anarchist manner. The Auckland group runs a bookshop 'Books  from
the  Black  Lagoon'  and also operates a mail order book service.
Anarcha-Fem theatre groups exist in Auckland  and  Wellington.  A
group  of  people  in  Takaka  are  experimenting  with  a  rural
collective.  Magazines  are  produced  by  both  the  Anarcha-Fem
Federation  ('Sekhmet') and the Anarchist Alliance who are hoping
to revive  their  journal  ('The  State  Adversary')  this  year.
Conferences  and  meetings  of people from around the country are
held from time to  time,  the  last  major  conference,  held  in
Wellington,  attracted  about  120  people, another conference is
planned for Easter '95.

In addition to activities  in  strictly  anarchist  groups,  many
anarchists  are involved in other political movements, working on
specific issues, especially the Peace  Movement,  the  Unemployed
and  Beneficiaries  Unions, environmental groups, Community Radio
and in international solidarity groups such as East Timor  Action
and Friends of Tibet.

GENERALLY SPEAKING...

The  movement  has  been  through  a  process  of  reorganisation
recently  as  it  evolves  from its roots in the Punk sub-culture
into a wider more 'political' movement. It is now a varied mix of
young  punks,  old punks ('punks' includes a number of people who
have  left  the  urban  sub-culture  and  headed  off  for  rural
alternative  lifestyles, who would probably once have been termed
'hippies'), people who have come in from other leftist  movements
(mostly the peace movement which we have quite a bit to do with),
a few academic types and an increasing  number  of  older  people
whose  existance we are slowly discovering, or who have stumbled,
often much to their amazement, across  us.  Yes,  we're  a  happy
little bunch of non-conformists down here, in fact the movement's
so small we haven't even had a split yet,  and  all  the  various
tendencies are on speaking terms with each other!



































































