                   Anarchists in Czechoslovakia

A-Kontra is a Czech anarchist paper with international
reporting as well.

They aren't limited just to coverage of anarchists. They see
themselves rather, as a medium for various left and Roma
initiatives. A Roma paper is also produced in their offices.

Their emphases are on anti-fascist work, as well as the
struggle against the unsocial politics of the conservative right
government.

Through the demogogic anti-communist and anti-left propaganda
of the right wing parties, the general public supports
nationalist and racist currents. Even militant fascists receive
recognition, sympathy and often direct support from the
population.

At times there is the feeling of a pogram against Cubans,
Asians and above all, Romas. There have been a number of deaths.
Leftist groups are under massive pressure from all sides.

A-Kontra, as an important part of the counter-publicity is
under pressure. The newspaper's office has been destroyed a
number of times and the people threatened.

Incomplete Chronology

14.10.89

The first demo against military service in Prague takes place.
This is the very first appearence of anarchists in Czechoslovakia
since the 1920s.

10.5.90

In reaction to the budding activities of fascist skinheads, the
CAS (Czech Anarchist Federation) holds a concert in Prague
against racism and violence attended by 2000 people. This is the
very first public action drawing attention to the danger of
fascism and racism in the CSFR.

17.11.90

Anarchist procession through Prague (600-700 participents). The
anarchists block the main street in order to prevent President
Bush from driving through. Thus his public appearence was delayed
for 40 minutes. On the same evening, a solidarity demo took place
for the squaters in Mainzerstrasse Berlin.

14.1.91

Anarchist groups hold the first demo in Prague against the Gulf
War. About 300 protested in front of the American and Iraqi
embassies.

14.8.91

15 Skinheads storm the offices of A-Kontra. They threaten the
editing staff and damage the computer.

14.9.91

About 1,000 people gather on the Old City Ring in Prague to
demonstrate against racism and militarism. (This is the first
demo in which the Roma National Congress, RNK, takes part). This
is followed by a procession through Prague and a concert in the
evening in which Roma and Punk bands play. An attempt by
skinheads to storm the concert is prevented by anarchists.

28.9.91

P.R.A.K. (Prague Radical Anarchist Group) demonstrate for
animal rights at the doors of the Prague zoo.

11.91

Racist attacks on Roma increase (an echo of similar acts of
violence in Germany.) On 24 November 1991 Prague skinheads held a
fascist demonstration "White Power." CAS, LA, and RNK organize a
counter demonstration (700 participents). The anarchists stress
that the increase in racist and fascist tendencies is a result of
the worsening social and political situation in the CSFR.

10.12.91

LA and CAS organize a demo against the "Millionaires Ball." The
anarchists pelt the ball guests with rotten fruit, which led to
heavy collisions with the police. 600 members of anarchist groups
as well as 600 sympathizers (older people as well) participated
in the action.

28.3.92

Termination of A-Kontra's lease. Since then they are in their
offices ilegaly.


A-Kontra
Valdsteinska 14
11000 Praha 1
Czechoslovakia

Roma = a people often falsely refered to as gypsies ed.

Mainzerstrasse = A street of squats in Berlin violently evicted
in November 1990 ed.

>From Interim Nr.184/185, 19 March 1992

Prague Opera Disrupted

Prague (AFP)- The Prague Opera was repeatedly disrupted on
Saturday evening. More than 100 members of anarchist groups and
the "alternative left," including skinheads, demonstrated with
fireworks and alarm whistles against the high ticket price. One
ticket cost as much as an average month's wage, $125. "Shame"
yelled the demonstrators, when a taxi made in the West drove by.

The "Black Sheriffs" hired by the theater management couldn't
prevent rotten fruit from being thrown at the evening's dress.
While witnesses deplored the "return of the German aristocracy,"
they also complained that the police did not intervene.

>From die Tageszeitung 10 Feb 1992
