        Towards An Ecology of Information
             The Immediast Approach
 
0. Participating in the proliferation, crosspollination,
and consolidation of counter-commercial print, audio,
visual, modem, activist, and correspondence media.
 
1. Documenting the basic sources, dynamics, and effects
of corporate and State media control.  Exposing methods
of mind control, behavior modification, and image
embedding.
 
2. Openly discussing tools and methods that strengthen
immunization and freedom from deceptive, disinforming,
and subliminal media exposures.  Upgrading public media
literacy to decode, produce, and broadcast in all
communications media.
 
3. Open cultural expressions, education, networking, and
resistance.
 
4. Reclaiming public sovereignty of the airwaves.
 
5. The liberation of all public space from government,
corporate, and business messages.
 
6. Public takeover of all airborne commercial
broadcast media and the creation [of] public
production libraries.
 
7. Liberation as glasnost: the emergence of democratic
public communications and media networks.
 
 
 
 
"The Immediasts envision liberating changes in public access
and cultural freedom.  We draw from the powers
of public domain and personal freedom to counter the
systematic penetrations of commercial media into
individual privacy through public space."
 
 
 
 
        Creating Public Production
                Libraries
 
        An Immediast Project
 
If literacy measures people's ability to read and write,
people living in information societies are media illiterate--
unequipped to decode the effects of media on intelligence
and intimacy and unable to write in the language of broadcasting.
While the media's ecology of coercion assuages public
desire to participate in the media by emphasizing the bottom-line
significance of public polls, Gallop & its pathetic epigones
merely totalize a few public neurons into the status
of a collective brain. How many of your comrades and kin have ever
participated in a Gallup poll, anyway?
 
Public seizure of all commercial broadcast media establishes
what public production libraries nurture: liberation from
advertising, the decommodification of public attention, the
upgrade of public intelligence, the development of media
literacy, the documentation of public productions, facilitated
cultural expression, the termination of covert State
action, violence, propaganda, and media control, and the
inviolable ground for a public media and open state.
Such are the aims of all Immediast plans and projects.
 
Public production libraries will be built in sisterhood with the public
libraries that now exist. Within each production
library will be the facilities to produce print, audio,
visual, and database material.  "Librarians" will serve as technicians,
maintenance, and repair people.  Production libraries
will give people a larynx through which to speak.  The
media seized, corporations silenced, and the State
under relentless scrutiny, we will reconnect and
celebrate who we are.
