

"We are obliged to say that the Russian anarchists remained in their
circles and slept through a mass movement of paramont importance."
[the Makhnovists, Ukranian anarchist movement 1918-21]
"But at the same time we discover that this deplorable situation
is not accidental, but that it has very specific causes, which we 
will now consider.
The majority of our anarchist theorists have their origins in the
intelligentsia.  This circumstance is very significant.  While
standing under the banner of anarchism, many of them are not able
to break altogether with the psychological context from which
they emerged.
Very few amongst the isolated anarchists found themselves the
necessary sensitivity and courage to recognise that this movement
was the one anarchism had been anticipating for many years - those
who rushed to join it.
An even more important aspect of this helplessness and inactivity
of the anarchists is the confusion in anarchist theory and the
organisational chaos in anarchists ranks.
Thus many anarchists devoted their energies to the question of whether
the task of anarchism is the liberation of classes, humanity or of
the personality.  The question is empty, but it is based on some unclear
anarchist positions and provides a broad field for abuse of anarchist
thought and practise.
An even greater field for abuse is created by the unclear anarchist
theory of individual freedom.  Those who do not know the passion of
the revolution, who are most concerned with their 'I', understand
this idea in their own fashion.  Whenever the question of practical
anarchist organisation or the question of organisation with a 
serious intent is posed, they hang on to the theory of individual
liberty and using this as a basis oppose all organisation and escape
from all responsibility.  The ideas and actions of anarchists are thus
pulverised to the point of derangement.
For dozens of years the Russian anarchists have suffered from the 
disease of disorganisation.  Thus when the mass movement rose from
the depths of the people, the anarchists showed themselves completely 
unprepared, spineless and weak.
In our opinion this is temporary.  Anarchism is not mysticism: it is
not a discourse on beauty; it is not a cry of despair.  Its greatness
is due, above all, to its devotion to the cause of oppressed humanity.
It carries within itself the truth, and the aspiration of the masses,
and is today the only social doctrine the masses can count on it their 
struggle.  But this is not enough.  Anarchism needs to go to the masses
and merge with them"

HISTORY OF THE MAKHNOVIST MOVEMENT by Peter 
Arshinov.  (Freedom Press) 5.50



"The chaotic conditions in the region[Ukraine] nurtured another
anarchist leader, Maria Nikiforova, who exercised a substantial
influence upon Makhno from the very beginning of their acquaintance. A
member of a local anarchist group, she was engaged in terrorist
activities in the years 1905-06, which led to a sentence of death,
later commuted to life imprisonment. She served part of her sentence
in the Petropavlovsk prison in Petrograd, and in 1910 was then exiled
to Siberia, whence she escaped, first to Japan, and then to the United
States. In the summer of 1917, she returned to Oleksandrivs'k, where
she soon organized a combat detachment and began to terrorize people
in the city. She especially hunted army officers and landlords,
killing them. Later she moved to Elysavethrad, organizing and
commanding a combat regiment "Black Guard" which fought each
succeeding regime, including the Germans and Denikin. Her main goal
was the destruction of all state institutions. In August 1917, she
seized and robbed a military storehouse at the station of Orikhiv.
Subsequently, she attacked the regiment in the town, disarmed and
dispersed it, executing all captured officers. Part of the confiscated
spoils she delivered to Makhno."

from "The Anarchism of Nestor Makhno, 1918-21" by Michael Palij.

