Re: ANARCHIST COOKBOOK

Everybody,

     If you have any interest in Anarchism, DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK!  If
you already have a copy, throw it away.  This book has nothing to do
with Anarchism, and it is dangerous in several ways.  Let me identify a
few for you...

1) The guy has no idea what he's copying in the bombs/explosives
section.  He copies from a number of sources, so you get hilarious (not
hilarious for the people who get injured, I guess) contradictions- on
one page a particular explosive will be described as stable and safe,
and two pages later it will be listed among unstable or unsafe
explosives.  
2) The book contributes to the popular misconception that Anarchists are
just bomb-throwers.  There is nothing of Anarchist philosophy.  There is
nothing about community organizing.  There is nothing about helping
fellow human beings.  
3) When the chemistry gets complicated, the author has even less of an
idea what's going on.  The drug section is a mess.  He has copied things
from weird sources, and he has copied them incorrectly.  Often, he omits
really important information.  The LSD "recipe" is the worst of the lot.
4) The lists of Anarchist publications contains NO EXTANT PUBLICATIONS.
Every one of them is defunct.  Also, NOT ONE OF THEM described itself as
an Anarchist publication back in the days when these publications
actually existed.  Now, _The Match_ has been published continuously 
since before the _Cookbook_ was written.  Yet _the Match_ is not 
mentioned in the _Cookbook_.  Hmmm.  And _The Match_ calls itself 
an Anarchist periodical.  It always has.  

The _Cookbook_ causes problems for the publishers of Anarchist 
newspapers and magazines in the following way... Any time one of these
publishers brings copies of one of these publications into a bookstore
to be sold, the newspaper or magazine will be put on display, and then
the _Cookbook_ shows up next to it.  This discredits the other
publications, since the _Cookbook_ is such a piece of shit.  Please, if
your local bookstores are decent enough to actually carry Anarchist
publications, take the time to go in and explain to them that the
_Cookbook_ does not represent Anarchists.  Ask them not to put this book
on display next to Anarchist publications.  Ask them to put up some kind
of warning that states that the book is dangerous (because of the
recipes, which could get you killed) and that it is not in any way
Anarchist.  Consider typing up your own warning and inserting it into
the books.  

If you ARE interested in explosives, there are much better sources, with
accurate and complete instructions on how to make, pack, shape, and
store explosives.  

I would like to ask, if you are interested in blowing stuff up,
that you not bother with Anarchism.  Anarchists have to be concerned
with building structures which can effect positive social change, and
which have real grassroots control without any hierarchical structure.
Yes, Anarchists must be able to defend themselves, and yes, Anarchists
must be able to present a credible threat- power concedes nothing
without a demand- but blowing stuff up and killing a cop here or there
will not help anyone.

It has been suggested that the _Cookbook_ is a product of American
Counterintelligence or Law Enforcement.  I think this could be true.
Whether or not the FBI is involved, the _Cookbook_ serves their needs.
It discredits Anarchism by perpetuating the common myths about
Anarchists.  This only helps the Authoritarians.  

If you REALLY want to buy a true Anarchist Cookbook, write to 
Food Not Bombs and ask for their handbook.  It contains a lot of 
information on how to start and maintain a food recovery program and 
how to deal with police harassment, among other things.  It contains 
vegetarian recipes for feeding large numbers of people.  There are no
bomb recipes, but there are guidelines for setting up a program which
can actually help other people.  
Food Not Bombs can be reached at 
3145 Geary  #12, San Francisco, CA  94118
Telephone (415) 330-5030
 
Is there a FAQ?  There really ought to be something about the _Cookbook_
in it if there is...

--Mark aka John Brown
  :-b
-------------------------------------------
Much Madness is divinest Sense-
To a discerning Eye-
Much Sense- the starkest Madness-
'Tis the Majority
In this, as All, prevail-
Assent, and you are sane-
Demur- you're straightway dangerous
And handled with a Chain-

--Emily Dickinson 
-------------------------------------------

