
           ==(((((((((( ==    Z*MAG/A\ZINE ATARI ONLINE MAGAZINE
           =========(( ===            September 10, 1991
           =======(( =====                Issue #196
           =====(( =======    ----------------------------------
           ==(((((((((( ==    Copyright (c)1991, Rovac Ind Inc..
 
                      Publisher/Editor : Ron Kovacs
                      Assistant Editor : Stan Lowell
 
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
                  CompuServe: 75300,1642    GEnie: Z-NET
        Z*NET BBS: (908) 968-8148   BLANK PAGE BBS: (908) 805-3967
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 
 THE EDITORS DESK
 ----------------
 by Ron Kovacs
 
 
 Well, the last Z*Magazine release was on June 11, 1991 as Issue #196.
 That was at the start of summer and three issues or more will be 
 required to update you, incase you aren't reading Z*Net regularly, on
 the summer happenings in the Atari community.
 
 This is Issue #196 and the next release will take place in a short 7
 days, not 90 as previously discussed above.  Thanks for reading!
 
 
 
 
 Z*NET NEWSWIRE
 --------------
 Summer Edition
 
 
  
 THREE TAIWAN PLANTS UNDER ATARI CONTRACT
 Although Atari has sold their Taiwan production facility for $60
 million, it now contract with THREE plants in Taiwan alone.  Production
 is way up at last, and cash flow is greatly improved.  Atari just
 decided that it can do better as a contractor than as an owner.  The
 results of this and other moves should hit the US shores in July, when
 literally up to 25,000 units a MONTH will arrive in the USA.


 NEW MEGAS SHIPPING TO BE MEGA 1's
 Most of the arriving Mega units will be the one-meg no-hard drive model.
 These can be upgraded in seconds to 2-meg, but to go to 4 meg may
 require installing a pair of sockets.  The holes will be there, although
 soldered closed.  The operation should be able to be performed from the
 outside of the case, opening only the hard drive cover.  There is still
 no word on what the range of offering or prices for Atari's hard drive
 kits might cost for installing the internal drives.


 WORDPERFECT REQUEST
 Ataris' developer man, Bill Rehbock, has asked Z*Net to clarify what he
 is looking for in support for a new revision of WordPerfect.  The
 company is hesitant to release version 5-point-something because of
 fears of insufficient sales.  Bill has been actively soliciting reports
 from users as to their actual reasons for not buying WordPerfect to
 date, including bug reports.  So far, Bill tells Z*Net that his mail has
 been primarily negative, bashing him and Atari for flubbing the WP deal.
 What he NEEDS are letters to take with him to WordPerfect in July.
 Those letters should say what YOU think about WordPerfect, both in the
 current incarnation for the Atari and what would make you buy a new
 version.  Reasons you didn't buy the existing version are important too.
 Atari Corp, Bill Rehbock, 1196 Borregas Blvd, Sunnyvale, CA 94088.  And
 /or direct to WordPerfect, 1555 North Technology way, Orem, UT 84057.
 
 
 NEW SUPPORT FOR ST
 System Solutions will begin selling professional software and hardware, 
 including the MegaSTe and TT030.  In addition to focusing in the UK, 
 products will be distributed throughout Europe and North America.  SS 
 has alrady secured exclusive distribution rights to several products, 
 including a library of over 100 Calamus fonts, graphics programs and
 hardware enhancements.  The first products to be sold will be 
 accelerators from the US.
 
 
 CeBIT MIDI NEWS
 Steinberg showed Cubase working under M*ROS Midi multi-tasking system 
 and Synthworks SY77/TG77.  C-Lab displayed Notator notation, Aura music
 education and Midia analysing programs.
 

 AUSTRALIAN EDUCATION RECOMMENDATIONS
 The Victorian Ministry of Education and Training have recommended Atari
 computers.  The 1040STE is recommended as follows:  General Curriculum 
 Use - As part of the Atari ST range, the 1040STE supports a variety of
 simple word processing, database and spreadsheet packages which operate
 within a graphical user interface.  A limited range of adventure game/
 simulation software is available to support cross-curriculum activities.
 A proprietary brand of LOGO is available as is a robotics kit.  For
 schools wishing to work with video, a Genlock is available.
 
 
 CODEHEAD SELECTS SS
 Codehead Software has selected System Solutions as their new UK 
 distributor.  Available thru SS will be, MaxiFile 3.1, Hotwire 2.4,
 MultiDesk, Lookit, Poppit, Codekeys and the Codehead Utilities for 
 $29.95 each.
 
 
 REPRO SELECTS SS
 Trade-it has selected System Solutions as their UK distributor for
 Repro Studio and Repro Studio Plus.  This software will be available,
 bundled with Logitech scanners and retail for $399 plus VAT.
 
 
 IBM INTRODUCES DOS 5.0
 IBM announced DOS 5.0, an enhanced, single-tasking operating system that
 provides lower memory requirements than earlier versions of DOS,
 improved performance and an easier-to-use interface.  DOS 5.0 offers the
 simplest installation of any version of DOS yet, by allowing users to
 choose from only two screens of installation options.  In addition, a
 DOS 5.0 Retail Upgrade Package is available for users who are upgrading
 from a previous version of DOS.  This package enables the system to
 automatically retain configuration information, eliminating the need to
 copy files and transfer them to the new version.  DOS 5.0 is priced at
 $165 and additional licenses are priced at $125.  Customers can upgrade
 from DOS 2.1 or later through the IBM Retail Upgrade Package for DOS 5.0
 for $85.  DOS 5.0 supports all models of the IBM Personal Computer and
 Personal System/2 families, with the exception of the PCjr, PC XT/370
 and PC AT/370.
 
 
 XCONTROL RELEASED
 Atari Corp has released on GEnie the new XCONTROL panel for the STe and
 TT.  The arced file contains full documentation and the CPX control
 files.  Get it now on GEnie, CompuServe and the Z*Net BBS.
 
 
 FIRST SCSI HOST ADAPTER ANNOUNCED
 Adaptec became the first company to announce a Small Computer Systems
 Interface (SCSI) host adapter to support Insite Peripherals' new high-
 capacity 21Mbyte Floptical drives, debuting next week.  Adaptec's AHA-
 1520 AT-to-SCSI host adapter, with Floptical drive support built into
 its BIOS, enables Floptical drives to be integrated seamlessly into AT-
 class microcomputers.  A working demonstration of the unit with an
 Insite Peripherals Floptical drive will be demonstrated June 25-27 at
 PC Expo, Booth 5555, Javits Center, New York.
 
 
 DISTINCTIVE SOFTWARE UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT
 Electronic Arts announced that it has reached an agreement to acquire
 Distinctive Software Inc.  Electronic Arts will pay $782,900 and issue
 488,157 shares of new common stock in exchange for all the outstanding
 capital stock of DSI.  DSI will be operated as a wholly-owned
 subsidiary.  Tarrnie Williams, 50, will continue as president and chief
 executive officer of the new subsidiary.  Don Mattrick, 27, founder,
 chairman, and vice president of marketing and design for DSI, will
 become vice president of strategic planning for Electronic Arts.
 Distinctive Software has created over 40 titles and 90 SKU's for leading
 publishers including Electronic Arts, Broderbund, Konami, Walt Disney
 Computer Software, Mindscape and Accolade.  It has participated in the
 development of Test Drive and Hardball.  It has designed Evolution and
 The Duel: Test Drive II.  It has also developed Ace of Aces, Dambusters,
 Grand Prix Circuit, Hardball II, and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
 
 
 SMARTMODEM 10th ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
 Hayes announced the Smartmodem Tenth Anniversary by kicking off a year-
 long celebration, beginning with the biggest cash rebate ever on Hayes
 modems in the United States and Canada.  From June 17 to Aug. 18, 1991,
 Hayes provides customers with a US$150 rebate on ULTRA 96 or V-series
 Smartmodem 9600; a US$100 rebate on Smartmodem 2400, Smartmodem 2400P,
 Smartmodem 1200, or Smartmodem 1200B; and a US$35 rebate on Smartcom
 Exec or Smartcom II for the Macintosh when purchased with one of these
 modems.  Hayes has set no volume limitations on individual or total unit
 rebates.  Customers may also obtain rebate coupons in metropolitan
 newspapers and major industry magazines as well as through Hayes
 electronic bulletin board system at 1-800-US-HAYES or 1-404-HI-MODEM.
 For more information, contact Hayes Sales Support at (404) 840-9200.
 
 
 $29 ATARI MODEM DEAL
 Appearing on the back cover of the latest DAMARK -Great Deal Catalog- is
 the familiar Atari SX-212 1200 baud modem for only $29.99.  According to
 Atari, about 10,000 of the Hayes compatible 300/1200 modem were sold,
 cash in advance, to the Damark liquidation and close-out specialty mail
 order company.  The SX-212 features the standard RS232 port for use on
 any computer, plus the 8-Bit Atari SIO port that allows use on an 8-Bit
 Atari without further adapters or interfaces.  At $29, it is an
 unbeatable bargain despite its lack of 2400 baud speeds.  Damark Item
 Number B-373-181504 from catalog B-373-2329, call 800-729-9000 to order.
 
 
 PORTFOLIO SAVES THE WORLD
 Hold on to your Atari Portfolio, it just may help save the world some
 day!  The 16-bit personal computer plays a key role in two sequences in
 the new Schwarzennegger blockbuster, -Terminator 2: Judgement Day.-  In
 the first sequence, the young boy hero uses his Portfolio to break into
 a bank's automatic telling machine (We'd like to know if that program is
 public domain!!).  The other is later on during one of the film's many
 climaxes, in another break-in attempt with a locked door.  Incidentally,
 you heard it here first -- the film will blow you away!!
 
 
 ATARI ANNOUNCES CLOSING
 Atari announced this week the closing of the sale of its property in
 Taiwan for $60 million.  A portion of money will be used to reduce bank
 debts of $27 million.  Atari also reported that due to adverse market
 conditions, particularly a slowdown of sales in Europe, it expects sales
 for the current quarter ending June 30, 1991 to be below what it
 experienced during the second quarter of 1990.

 
 EPSON UPDATE
 Epson introduced ESC/P 2, a new printer control language for dot-matrix
 printers that provides enhanced graphics capability and, for the first
 time, scalable fonts.  Epson ESC/P 2 is an extension of ESC/P, the
 industry-standard language for 24-pin printing that is commonly known as
 Epson LQ.  ESC/P 2 will be incorporated into all future LQ printers from
 Epson, starting in July 1991 with the new LQ-570, LQ-870, LQ-1170 and
 ActionPrinter 5000 models.  The new printers include ESC/P 2 drivers for
 WordPerfect 5.1, PlanPerfect 5.1, DrawPerfect 1.1, Letter-Perfect 1.0,
 Microsoft Windows 3.0, Microsoft Word 5.5 and WordStar 6.
 

 ATARI LASER TONER $49 FROM DAK
 High-tech liquidator DAK offered the PC-ready brother of the Atari 
 SLM804 laser printer for only $699 in recent catalogs. LaserPro built 
 the SLM804 for Atari, and their Silver Express model is nearly 
 identical to the Atari version.  Remaining quantities of the now 
 out-of-production line were sold to DAK, who has sold out, according 
 to inquiries this week.  But all is not lost, as DAK signed agreements
 that should assure Toner and Drum availability for another five years.
 Since these items directly interchange with Atari's SLM804, owners of
 the -obsolete- printer can easily get supplies for years to come. 
 Toner is available for $49 (order number 5848), and drum kits are $199
 (order number 5849), each plus shipping.  Ask for their great catalog.
 DAK, 800-325-0800, 8200 Remmet Ave, Canoga Park, CA  91304. 
 
 
 NEW PORTFOLIO HD AVAILABLE
 There is finally a hard disk unit really available for the Portfolio!
 The BSE Company, 14701 Candeda Place, Tustin, CA 92680, (714)-832-4316
 have developed the Flashdrive hard disk unit.  The unit connects to 
 the Portfolio via the Parallel Interface.  The 20mb version sells for
 $499.  XoteriX has been offering a similar $899 unit, but they build 
 them as they are ordered rather than having stock available. 
 
 
 TRAMIEL's 7th ANNIVERSARY AT ATARI
 July 3 marked the SEVENTH anniversary of the Tramiel Atari Corp.  It 
 was in 1984 that Warner Communications gave up trying to sell a 
 machine they didn't understand to a market that Jack Tramiel had 
 personally shaped.  Jack had just left Commodore where he had made the
 C64 into -THE CHOICE- for small home computers, despite a limited 
 operating architecture and a dubious price advantage over the superior
 Atari line.  The -family way- of the Tramiel's wasn't favored at 
 Commodore, so Jack and the kids quit and bought the competition.  And
 Atari began a new phase.  Jack and sons Sam, Leonard, and Garry held a
 company pizza party on July 3 to celebrate the past and to toast the 
 future.  Attending were the new crew at Sunnyvale who we all hope will
 help make that future brighter than the past:  Bob Brodie, Bill 
 Rehbock, and others. Honored guest was Kent Fillmore, product manager 
 of GEnie Telecommunication Service, who was visiting to find out more
 about the company that motivates the busiest area on his international
 system. 
 
 
 ATARIUSER UNAFFECTED BY TAX
 The California sales tax on publications reported by Z*Net last week
 will not affect operation of AtariUser magazine.  Quite contrary to the
 worst-case scenarios discussed here last week before a decision was made
 by California officials, AtariUser will only have to pay sales tax on
 their costs of printing the new monthly Atari magazine.  With a
 circulation nearing 40,000, this is a far more affordable scheme than
 pre-paying retail taxes on each copy, suggested as one crippling
 possibility in last weeks Z*Net story.  Says Steve Lesh, owner of Quill
 Publishing Co. and publisher of AtariUser, -The tax story was premature
 and it scared a lot of our advertisers, distributors, and subscribers.
 We didn't know what the real costs were going to be, and neither did the
 tax people.  AtariUser Magazine is not and was not threatened by the
 tax.  Now we know it will have almost no effect on us.  In fact, we are
 expecting that new equipment at our printer's office will reduce the
 actual cost of printing, just about offsetting the increase in tax
 expense.  It will be business as usual for AtariUser.  We're expanding
 our market every month in America and overseas, and both our acceptance
 and advertising base are growing steadily.-  Some small adjustments may
 still be required for subscriptions, which are also taxable at 8.5% as a
 sale since the new law became effective on July 15.  The new sales taxes
 apply to all publications in California, but the manner in which -free-
 publications are assessed may be on a case-by-case basis.
 
 
 TOM BYRON JOINS HOLOBYTE
 Former STart magazine editor Tom Byron begins a new position next week
 at SPECTRUM HOLOBYTE.  Tom will be in public relations and promotion at
 the successful software company, leaving a staff position at ANTIC
 publishing where his duties were limited to writing for the PC Home
 Journal since the suspension of the STart publication two months ago.
 (There is no word yet of any progress on a hoped-for sale of STart.)
 Still an Atari fan, Tom Byron hopes to have opportunities to promote
 more Atari projects.  Spectrum Holobyte is the maker of the already-
 classic FALCON flight simulation game, but has a limited number of
 titles available for the Atari computers.
 
 
 50 MEG HARD DRIVE KITS SHIPPING
 Atari Canada confirmed shipping of the fifty megabyte hard drive kits
 for the Mega STE.  The Mega STE 1 marketed in Canada for the past few
 months has been upgraded and will only use Atari's own hard drive kits
 to install an internal hard drive.
 
 
 ATARI AT PACIFIC NATIONAL EXPO
 Atari Canada and Minitronics Canada will join forces this summer at the
 Pacific National Exhibition in Vancouver.  This seventeen day fair hosts
 a variety of interests and currently planned are demonstrations on the
 Atari Computer, in conjunction with the Roland Desktop Music System as
 well as Portfolio and Lynx displays.  The fair is annual event attended
 by over a million people each year.
 
 
 MANNY MINI-FEST
 On Tuesday 7-23-91 Manny's Music In New York City hosted an Atari Day
 for on non-Midi applications for the Atari ST & Musicians.  The
 following companies were present; Goldleaf Publishing, STep Ahead
 Softeare, ISD, SoftLogic and of course Atari Corp's Mike Groh.  A better
 detailed report will appear next week here in Z*Net.
 
 
 ANTI-PIRACY CONFERENCE ANNOUNCED
 In an effort to bring piracy under control within FNET, the FoReM inter-
 BBS network, the Z*Net BBS is sponsoring the Anti-Piracy Conference 
 which is available now.  The conference code is 40593 and it available
 to any FoReM BBS system not participating in the 'Elite- conferences
 currently under way in the network.  The 'Elite- conference are non-
 public, private conferences (message bases) openly discussing pirating 
 of Atari software.  The Z*Net BBS has been deleting nodes from the
 Magazine conference since the receipt of a capture from one of the host
 nodes in FNET.  Stay tuned for more information on this situation.
 Z*Net will be re-producing -pirate topic- discussions during the weeks
 ahead and will include what we are doing to fight piracy in the Atari
 community.
 
 
 BRODIE AT ASHEVILLE ATARIFEST
 Bob Brodie attended the weekend Atarifest hosted by Sheldon Winick in
 North Carolina last week.  Current estimates range between 400-500
 people attending along with seminars held by Brodie and ST-Reports
 RF Mariano.  See the report of the event by Bob Brodie in next weeks
 Z*Net.  Brodie is on his way to Indiana this weekend and will hopefully
 be kind enough to pass along his comments!
 
 
 IBM BEGINS TO RUN APPLE SOFTWARE
 Hydra announced the delivery of its ANDOR ONE product, a PC add-in board
 with associated software that allows IBM PCs and compatible to run Apple
 Macintosh software.  Andor One is a hardware and software package which
 combines the two predominant microcomputer standards into a single
 machine and works with all PCs ranging from XTs through 486s.  This new
 product allows a PC-committed corporation to experiment with the
 productivity of Macintosh software before committing to the purchase of
 a new family of computers and a new computer vendor.
 
 
 EPSON INTRODUCES NEW LX-810
 Epson has introduced an enhanced version of its LX-810 printer that
 features faster print speeds.  The LX-810, a narrow-carriage, 9-pin
 printer, produces up to 240 cps in draft mode, a 30 percent increase,
 and up to 48 cps in NLQ mode, a 60 percent increase.  The LX-810 has a
 suggested retail price of $269 and comes with a two-year limited
 warranty.
 
 
 
 

 ATARI NEWS UPDATE
 -----------------
 Press Release
 
 
 NEWS RELEASE           For Immediate Release
 
 
 PROFESSIONAL SYSTEMS GROUP LAUNCHES THE RENAISSANCE OF ATARI'S NORTH
 AMERICAN COMPUTING MARKET WITH THE AEGIS STRATEGIC PARTNER PROGRAM
 
 Sunnyvale, California - 25 July 1991 - The Professional Systems Group,
 a division of Atari Computer Corporation, will kick-off the AEGIS
 Strategic Partner program at the AEGIS Symposium to be held August 5 and
 6.
 
 The AEGIS Strategic Partner program creates a unique relationship
 between Atari, its key resellers and its key developers.  This
 relationship nurtures the development of both vertical-market and cross-
 discipline solutions, resulting in a strong and effective national sales
 organization.
 
 A key part of the AEGIS Strategic Partner program is the AEGIS
 Symposium, a clearinghouse for the ideas and information that create
 powerful vertical-market solutions.  The AEGIS Symposium is a two-day
 product training event with participation from both key resellers and
 key developers.
 
 The first AEGIS Symposium will be held August 5 and 6 at the Wyndham
 Garden Hotel in Sunnyvale, California and at the Cogswell Polytechnical
 College in Cupertino, California.  Over 50 computer and music sales,
 third-party software, and Atari representative personnel will be in
 attendance.
 
 Key software developers attending the AEGIS Symposium include:  C-Lab
 Software, Dr. T's Music Software, Hybrid Arts, Roland Corporation USA,
 Steinberg/Jones, Codehead Software, Goldleaf Publishing, Gribnif
 Software, ISD Marketing, Soft-logik Publishing and Step Ahead Software.
 

 ATARI BACK IN KEYBOARD
 Atari is back advertising in Keyboard magazine, the most widely read
 professional musician's magazine in the country.  In the August issue
 (with Yes keyboardist Rick Wakeman on the cover), Atari has taken co-op
 ads with C-Lab (Notator, Creator) and Dr. T (numerous editor/librarians
 and sequencers).  The Atari logo is large and clearly seen in both ads.
 There will be an Atari/Dr. T ad in Electronic Musician this month as
 well.  Bob Brodie of Atari says -We've also done similar things in PC-
 related magazines with some of our Portfolio developers.-

 
 ATARI CANADA PROMOS
 Four promotions were announced this week by Geoff Earle at Canadian
 headquarters in Markham Ontario.  Package One (BTS Mono) includes a
 1040STE, SM124 Monochrome monitor, Star NX1000, First Word Plus and
 HyperPaint II.  Package Two (BTS Color) inlucdes a 1040STE, SC1224 Color
 monitor, Star NX1000, First Word Plus and HyperPaint II.  Package Three 
 includes same products except a Mega 2STe in place of the 1040STe.  The
 final package #4 (MIDI) includes a 1040STe, SM124 Monochrome monitor and 
 Super Librarian.
 
 
 DAMARK UPDATE
 As previously reported in Z*Net, Damark has purchased a number of Atari
 SX212 300/1200-baud Hayes-compatible modems.  The latest Damark catalog
 (September 1991), shows a reduced price of only $19.99, a full $10 off
 their earlier price.  Shipping and handling is an additional $5.50.  (A
 large picture of the modem appears on page 5 of the catalog; while the
 word -Atari- had been difficult to read in the previous catalog, it's
 quite legible now.)  Damark's order lines are open 7 days a week, 24
 hours a day: 800 729 9000.  When ordering, purchasers will be asked to
 supply the item number for the modem (B-375-181504) and the -Damark
 Code- on the catalog (B-375-2006).
 
 
 COMPUTER FAIR ANNOUNCED
 The Atari Special Interest Group (SIG) of the McDonnell Douglas
 Corporation Recreational Computer Club (MDC-RCC) in St. Louis, Missouri,
 will be holding their fourth annual Computer Fair at the North County
 Recreation Complex in St. Louis on August 31, 1991.  This will be a
 general-interest show, with many different kinds of computers
 represented (not just Atari).  The Fair will open to the public at 11:00
 a.m. CDT and close at 7:00 p.m.  For more information contact: Ray Perry
 (GEnie address R.PERRY6) MDC-RCC Atari SIG Director.
 
 
 ISRAEL AND ATARI
 Plans to build a plant in Israel are nearly gone.  Atari is alledged to
 be attempting to borrow money from the Israeli government for building
 the plant.  Talks on this have failed and it looks like Atari will be
 searching for another area.  As previously reported, Atari has been
 closing plants in Taiwan and sub-contracting work to other manufacturers
 in the United States and abroad.
 
 
 SONY TO MAKE PORTABLE PCS FOR APPLE
 A Sony spokesman said this week that it will produce notebook-size
 personal computers for Apple.  However, an Apple spokeswoman denied the
 article, saying that although Apple deals extensively with Japanese
 firms, no contract has been struck with Sony or any other company
 regarding the production of its computers.
 



 
 KICK THE TIRES
 --------------
 by Stan Lowell
 
 
 CSS' Deluxe 3-1/2- upgrade for the XF551
 ----------------------------------------
 
 Computer Software Services continues to come out with new upgrades to
 their hardware and software products.  I have been getting reports back
 on the -DeLuxe- 3-1/2- upgrade package for the XF551.
 
 As you might have guessed, it is *impressive!*  This upgrade will let
 you add a 3-1/2- drive to your existing 5-1/4- XF551.  A program comes
 along with the upgrade which will let you *read*(only) 720k MSDOS
 formatted floppies.  For you 'multi-CPU folks, or those with friends who
 have one of those -other- machines, this would make porting files from
 them to your 8-bit much easier!
 
 Hopefully, someone who has this upgrade will write up a 'quick look' or
 even a full fledged review? (*Hint, Hint*)
 
 I would guess that the surfacing of this bodes well for owners of the
 Black Box.  For those who don't know about the BB: one of the 'add-ons'
 to it will be a floppy interface which will support drive configurations
 of up to 720k.  This will allow reading, writing, and formatting of
 MSDOS, ST, or any Dos for Atari which will support these high capacity
 drives (SpartaDos, MyDos in the main)!  Only conjecture on my part, but
 as a BB owner, I'm keeping my fingers crossed!
 
 Back-up Pro! -  A Quick Look
 ------------

 CSS has also updated its back-up program!  This is an impressive piece
 of software!  It will let you back-up/restore to another hard drive
 partition or drives 1-9 (Yes!  Multiple drives on the back-up/restore!
 Using drive 9 does require your OS to support it).  This feature laden
 program will also let you -compact- or -compress- (requires 128k of
 memory).  This will cut your disk requirements in half(10 instead of 20
 disks), but this does increase the back-up/restore time required.
 
 As for times, I normally used FlashBack to back-up my 1st partition.
 Time:  2-1/2 hours.  Ready for this?  Time with this program: 45
 minutes!  These times are *without* using compression.  This program is
 a *must have* for Hard Disk owners and BBS SysOps!
 
 It does the usual sort of things like let you back up an entire
 partition or select a subdirectory(s) or file(s), lets you do a 'dry run
 through' to determine the number of disks you will require, etc.
 
 Things I don't like about it: Copy protection requires floppy re-boot
 after every use.  I fully understand the unfortunate *need* for
 protection, but it is a real pain to select what you want to back-up, do
 a 'dry run' to see how many floppies you will need to have on hand...
 then have to re-boot and try and remember what you had selected before.
 You COULD have written it down, but that is like reading directions -
 you do it after things have crumbled! <Grin>  I would like to see it
 possible to either boot from HD or simply re-run after booting via
 floppy the first time.  As a minimum, something like HardBack's Calc.com
 would be nice.
 
 The second thing that I don't like is that, like FastBack on the PC, you
 can't easily restore a single file because the format is proprietary
 (unlike the old -Hardback- & -FlashBack-) and will not allow file copies
 except from within the program.  What this also means is that you had
 better use *GOOD* floppies for the backup.  If you get a bad spot, you
 lose everything on that disk!
 
 These things aside, if you value what you have on your HD, just from the
 savings in time alone, you should buy this one!  Price is $49.95 plus
 shipping & handling.

 Computer Software Services(CSS) has moved since Bob Puff acquired sole
 ownership, but the mailing address remains the same:

    Computer Software Services
    PO Box 17660
    Rochester, NY 14617

 The new voice phone number is:
    (716) 429-5639

 Their BBS number is still the same: 716-247-7157(N,8,1).




 BRACE ATARIFEST SHOW REPORT
 ---------------------------
 by the Z*Net Staff and Bob Brodie,
 Director of Communications, Atari Computer Corporation
 
 
 Saturday, July 20th was a great day in Asheville, NC. Atarians from all
 over the southeast came together once again to enjoy their hobby at the
 second annual Blue Ridge Atarifest.  The event is co-sponsored by the
 Blue Ridge Atari Computer Enthusiasts, and the local Atari dealer,
 Computer STudio.  Sheldon Winick is the well known owner of Computer 
 STudio.
 
 This was the second time Atarians had come to Asheville for the Blue
 Ridge Atarifest.  Last year was the first event, inspired by a visit
 from Bob Brodie of Atari.  When Bob arrived, he found an exceptional
 Atari dealership, and excited users.  A total of about 150 people turned
 out for the inaugural Blue Ridge Atarifest.  Most of the rest of the
 exhibitors at the first -show- were other Atari owners who enjoyed
 sharing their expertise in particular areas of their hobby.  Included in
 last years exhibitors was a number of members from KAUG, the Knoxville
 Atari Users Group.  Clifton Willard, a video professional, returned with
 the rest of the gang from KAUG for the second Blue Ridge Atarifest.
 
 No one has ever accused Bob Brodie of hiding a good thing!  He was sure
 to tell one and all about the great impression Asheville's fine folk had
 made on him.  This year, the show moved itself up by several notches!
 There were a number of other professional developers that attended the
 Blue Ridge Atarifest this year, and even more people!  As before, the
 show was held in the lovely Westgate Shopping Center, in which Computer
 STudio is located.  In a major switch from the norm of most other Atari
 shows, BRACE and Computer STudio made this event *FREE* to everyone!
 There was no charge for admission, and no charge to any of the
 developers that chose to display their wares in Asheville for the day!
 Computer STudio is a full service Atari retailer, carrying the full line
 of Atari products.  On display in the store was the TT030, with 8 megs
 of ram, a Mega/STE with four megs of ram, 1040 STEs, Stacys, Lynx, and
 the Portfolio palmtop computer.  Computer STudio is a well stocked
 dealer, with over 500 software titles available on the shelf.
 
 Folks from all over the southeast came to see this event.  User groups
 were reported present from KAUG, the Knoxville Atari Users Group, the
 East Tennesee Atari Computer Enthusiasts, and other groups from North
 Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Virginia, and even Florida was
 represented at this event.
 
 Among the people that drove up to this southern style gathering was the
 colorful and controversial Ralph Mariano.  Most Atarians recognize Ralph
 as being the publisher of ST Report, a weakly rumor column distributed
 primarily on the FNET.  In addition to ST Report, Mariano also has his
 own hard drive business, ABCO Computer. The vocal Mariano, ever a
 curiosity to the end users and developers alike, elected not to take a
 booth to show his famous ABCO hard disks, but rather opted to try to
 mingle with the crowd at the event.  Bob enjoyed an opportunity to meet
 Ralph's sons, who also came for the journey north.  Hmmm, wonder if they
 read ST Report?  The once influential journalist hosted his own seminar
 toward the end of the day entitled -Current Events-.  It was an event
 not to be forgotten: entertaining, humuorous, and unclouded by facts.
 
 D.A. Brumleve and her family took time out from their vacation to swing
 through Asheville.  Dorothy had her KIDPRGs on display, and enjoyed
 speaking to the many new users that she encountered there.  Unlike many
 of the booths at shows, Dorothy's is one that the parents can encourage
 their children to use the computer!  No worries about lost data at
 Dorothy's booth.  She's always glad to get the little ones up to the
 screen.  It's usually not too longer after the kids get busy with the
 KIDPRGs that Mom and Dad notice that maybe their kid isn't too young to
 use a computer after all! Always a seminar favorite, Dorothy gave a
 session on -Empowering You Learners Through Technology-.
 
 Located down the hall from his wife, was Dr. Timothy Brumleve, who has
 written his own librarian for a Kawai synthesizer.  Tim hosted a MIDI
 seminar to demonstrate his K5/K5m Voice Librarian.  Many of the great
 sounds heard throughout the Westgate Shopping Center this day were
 courtesy of Tim Brumleve!  Along with Tim, Mike Cloninger was on hand
 from Dragon Studio to show off some his stuff, done with Cubase.
 
 GEnie was well represented by Darlah Pine, head of the Atari Roundtables
 on GEnie.  Hooked up live to GEnie, Darlah showed how to get around the
 system to the new users.  Most of them were impressed with Atari's
 official online service!  Genie's Basic Services are an exceptional
 value!  Darlah also showed the new subscribers how to locate the
 developers of their favorite programs, most of whom are probably online
 on GEnie now!  Got a problem with a program?  Here's how to send
 electronic mail to the company!  Did you say that you were interested in
 public domain software?  GEnie has simply the *best* online libraries
 around!  Darlah remarked how wonderful it was to find so many new users
 at a show!  It had been a long time since so many new folk had appeared
 at a show.
 
 John Fox of Goldleaf Publishing was on hand, his usual wacky self, to
 wow the crowd with WordFlair II.  Word Flair II takes advantage of
 Atari's FSMGDOS, utilizing scalable outline font technology.  A truly
 unique product, a document processor, Word Flair II let you integrate
 text, graphics, and data all on one page!
 
 Jeff Williams is a familiar sight to show goers as one of the syops from
 GEnie.  Jeff has long been a fixture as the moderator of the Wed. night
 conferences on GEnie.  Now Jeff is also with ICD, and ICD sent him to
 Asheville with an ample supply of host adapters, AdSpeed accelerators,
 and great deals on close out 8 bit stuff!  Jeff displayed a STacy 4 with
 an AdSpeed up and running.  ICD's products just seem to get better and
 better!
 
 Located inside the Computer STudio store, hidden behind a wall of people
 that constantly surrounded him was none other than Nathan Potechin of
 ISD Marketing.  Nathan was showing off Calamus S/L on the Atari TT030 at
 Computer STudio.  People were lined up three and four deep from opening
 till about 2:30 to speak with Nathan, and to see the power of Calamus
 S/L.  Nathan also gave a seminar later in the day on Atari Desktop
 Publishing using Calamus.  Always easy to approach, Nathan spent time
 with new friends discussing Calamus, Outline Art, DynaCadd, and the
 Independent Association of Atari Developers.

 Nevin Shalit of Step Ahead Software is the author of Tracker/ST.
 Tracker is a powerful application that offers a complete mail manager
 with a quick letter option, label printing and more.  Nevin is one of
 the sysops of the SoftLogik Roundtable on GEnie, and also gave folks a
 look at the powerful new version of PageStream.  Better known in some
 circles for his Rumor City column in ST Informer, Nevin proves every
 month that you can kiss & tell if you do it right!  Everyone likes to
 keep up with the latest scoop on the Atari community.  Nevin shares his
 rumors with little flash and no slash, and lots of class.  Refreshing
 reading for everyone!  Other pseudo journalists would do well to
 consider his approach!  Nevin sold out of Tracker/ST at this show!  In
 addition to Nevin, ST Informer was also represented by Brian Gockley.
 Brian and his lovely wife had great supplies of ST Informers' A & D
 Software, including the Universal Item Selector and the Universal
 Network.

 Down from Virginia for the Blue Ridge Atarifest came Don and Carole
 Terp.  These longtime Atarians might be remembered by some for their
 writings in the Atari community.  They started ST Business magazine, and
 then published their original material in ST Applications.  Now under
 the name of Reed Mountain Press, Don discussed the business side of
 desktop publishing.
 
 Clifton Willard was again on hand from Knoxville to show off his
 fabulous video creations, all generated using an Atari computer.  Those
 doubters that the ST's video capabilities should have been present.  His
 creations are simply fabulous!

 While not showing an Atari specific products, author Ralph Roberts spent
 time discussing Computer Viruses...the topic of his book.  He has also
 written a series of Leisure Suit Larry hint books.  Ralph autographed
 copies of his book as a special bonus to show attendees.
 
 Although not exhibiting per se, any report would be remiss if it didn't
 mention the attendance of Bill Aycock, Compuserve Sysop.  Bill was easy
 to approach, and quite open about discussing the current state of
 CompuServe.  If your a Portfolio user, CompuServe has an excellent
 Portfolio forum!
 
 Last, but certainly not least was Bob Brodie of Atari Computer
 Corporation.  Bob spent most of his time helping out Darlah Pine showing
 of GEnie, and meeting new friends from the south.  Bob especially
 enjoyed being right across the way from Computer STudio.  It made it so
 easy for him to refer people to a great store just a few feet away to
 have their needs met.  Instead of having to suggest that a dealer
 *might* have what the user needed, chances are that Computer STudio
 would already have the product in stock.
 
 And speaking of Computer STudio, Sheldon Winick and staff were on the
 go from almost before opening the store to the very end of the day.
 Lines are the cash register were typically about 4 deep.  Sheldon was
 all smiles by the end of the day.  I'd bet that this day goes down in
 Computer STudio history as one of the best.  Did you say *the* best?
 Could be!  The many specials that were run were sure to please any
 budget, and developers seemed to be all aglow as well.  Beyond a doubt,
 this gathering brought together a fine balance of buyers and sellers!
 
 Clearly, credit for this event must go to the Blue Ridge Atari Computer
 Enthusiasts and Computer STudio.  How many other shows in recent memory
 offer to provide developer space for free, and *no admission* charge?
 Hmmm, sounds like a pretty REVOLUTIONARY idea to me!  A show in a
 shopping center??  Even more REVOLUTIONARY stuff!  Don Thomas would be
 pleased.

 And could there be any doubt that there will be a repeat performance?
 How could it go wrong!  With free booths for the developers, the major
 cost that they will have to deal is more like transportation and hotels.
 What a pleasant change from other recent shows!  Look for this event to
 grow into an even bigger event than the 500 people that attended this
 year.  Look for the friendly people at Computer STudio to be host to
 *the*  gathering point for southern Atarians!  Sheldon told Bob that he
 is already in discussions with a major mall in Asheville to relocate
 Computer STudio there.  Imagine how many non-Atarians will see next
 years show!  Kudos to Sheldon and his fine staff, and the Blue Ridge
 Atari Computer Enthusiasts for putting on such a fine event!  I'm
 looking forward to next year!!

 
 
 8-BIT SUPPORT
 -------------
 Courtesy CompuServe Atari8 Forum
 
 
 The Atari 8-bit computers are one of finest home computers ever
 designed.  Unfortunately, after some 12 years on the market, software
 and hardware has become very difficult to find.  Hopefully this file
 will help you extend the life of your Atari.  The following is a list of
 companies and individuals still marketing items as of 7/1/91.
 
 If you know of any companies not on this list, or any changes necessary
 to this list, please contact us, as we are attempting to update this
 list on a regular basis.
 
 Software Infinity
 642 East Waring Avenue
 State College, PA 16801
 -----------------------
 Good PD selection.  Have just begun marketing commercial games from
 overseas.
 
 Reevesoft
 29W150 Old Farm Lane
 Warrenville, IL 60555
 ---------------------
 Produces Diamond GOS cartridge, Diamond Paint, Diamond Write, Diamond
 News Station.  Windowing environment for 8bits.
 
 DataQue Software
 PO Box 134
 Ontario, OH 44862
 -----------------
 Turbo-816 16-bit upgrade board, TransKey hardware for using IBM
 keyboards on the 8-bit, and other hardware.
 
 B&C ComputerVisions
 3256 Kifer Road
 Santa Clara, CA 95051  (408)749-1003
 ------------------------------------
 Huge selection of software and hardware items.  Also some new commercial
 games, unavailable elsewhere.
 
 Sagamore Software
 2104 Arapahoe Dr.
 Lafayette, IN 47905
 -------------------
 Good PD/shareware selection with extensive documentation.
 
 Change In Heat
 12 Bella Vista Place
 Iowa City, Iowa 52245
 ---------------------
 Independent programmer has produced 2 excellent commercial quality games
 for the 8-bit.
 
 Bresnik Software
 555 Ware Street
 Mansfield, MA 02048
 -------------------
 Another independent, producing good educational software yet.
 
 UltraBasic
 10 East 10th Street
 Bloomsburg, PA 17815
 --------------------
 8-bit speciality software.
 
 NERDS Software
 18 Wendy Drive
 Farmingville, NY 11738
 ----------------------
 Printshop related software.
 
 IB Computers
 9244 S.W. Beaverton-Hills Hwy
 Valley Plaza Shopping Center
 Beaverton, Oregon 97005  (503)297-8425
 --------------------------------------
 
 BellCom
 PO Box 1043
 Peterborough, Ontario, Canada K9J7A5
 ------------------------------------
 The largest PD/shareware selection.
 
 Compsult
 PO Box 5160
 San Luis Obispo, CA 93403-5160
 ------------------------------
 Closeout items galore.
 
 No Frills Software
 800 East 23rd Street
 Kearney, NE 68847
 -----------------
 Closeouts & Printshop graphics.
 
 Miles Better Software
 219/221 Cannock Road, Chadsmoor
 Cannock, Staffordshire WS11 2DD England
 ---------------------------------------
 An overseas mail-order source for the Atari.  They have many games which
 were never released in the US.
 
 Electronic Clinic
 4916 Del Ray Ave.
 Bethesda, MD 20814
 ------------------
 Refurbished equipment.
 
 Kake Software
 9 Smith Ct.
 Vincentown, NJ 08088
 --------------------
 Assorted theme disks.
 
 Bacmun Software
 1671 East 16th Street, Suite 629
 Brooklyn, NY 11229
 ------------------
 PD theme disks.
 
 Alpha Systems
 1012 Skyland Drive
 Macedonia, OH 44056
 -------------------
 Utility software & hardware.
 
 American Technavision
 15338 Inverness Street
 San Leandro, CA 94579  (415)352-3787
 ------------------------------------
 Large selection of commercial software at closeout prices, and hardware
 replacement parts.
 
 Best Electronics
 2021 The Alameda, Suite 290
 San Jose, CA 95126  (408) 243-6950
 ----------------------------------
 Known as *the* Atari hardware store.  If they don't have the part you
 need, nobody does.
 
 BRE Software
 352 West Bedford Ave, Suite 104
 Fresno, CA 93711
 ----------------
 PD/Shareware.
 
 C&T ComputerActive
 PO Box 893
 Clinton, OK 73601
 -----------------
 
 Chameleon Software
 1013 Marvern Drive East
 Chambersburg, PA 17201
 ----------------------
 New & used 8-bit software and hardware.  Had a -going out of business
 sale- in May '91, so they may be gone by now.
 
 MWPDS
 890 North Huntington St.
 Medina OH 44256
 ---------------

 Phantoms Atari 8-bit
 Box 331 Levisa Road
 MouthCard, KY 41548
 -------------------
 
 Vulcan Software
 PO Box 692
 Manassas VA 22111-0692
 ----------------------
 
 Walt Huber
 644 East Clinton
 Atwater, CA 95301
 -----------------
 Discontinued software galore, as well as some original programs.
 
 Innovative Concepts
 31172 Shawn Drive
 Warren, MI 48093  (313)293-0730
 -------------------------------
 Accesories, hardware, PD software
 
 CSS
 PO Box 17660
 Rochester NY 14617  (716)586-5545
 ---------------------------------
 Specialty hardware items, 8-bit repair service.
 
 San Jose Computers
 640 Blossom Hill Road
 San Jose, CA 95123  (408)224-8575
 ---------------------------------
 New and reconditioned hardware and software
 
 Entertainment Excellence
 1805 Princeton Place
 Merrick, NY 11566
 -----------------
 Discontinued 8-bit software.
 
 East Hartford Computer
 202 Robert Street
 East Hartford, CT 06108
 -----------------------
 Discontinued software for all computers.
 
 Aerion Software
 PO Box 1222
 Riverdale Station, NY, NY 10471-1222
 ------------------------------------
 Markets a new 8-bit commercial game.
 
 Toad Computers
 556 Baltimore Annapolis Blvd
 Severna Park, Maryland 21146  (301)544-6943
 -------------------------------------------
 Now offers a selection of software and reconditioned hardware.
 
 When writing to request catalogs, it's always a good idea to include
 a Stamped, Self-Addressed Envelope.
 
 Next, is a list of magazines still supporting the 8-bit Atari.
 
 Current Notes
 122 North Johnson Road
 Sterling, VA 22170
 ------------------
 A truly excellent Atari-oriented magazine, supporting both 8-bit and ST.
 
 Atari Interface
 3487 Braeburn Circle
 Ann Arbor, MI 48108  (313) 973-8825
 -----------------------------------
 A magazine supporting both 8-bit and ST, with input from Atari user
 groups in the US, Canada and the UK.  They also produce a monthly Atari
 8-bit disk.
 
 AtariUser
 113 West College Street
 Covina, CA 91723
 ----------------
 A new Atari publication covering the full line of Atari products.
 
 Rovac Industries
 Post Office Box 59
 Middlesex, NJ 08846-0059  (908) 968-2024
 ----------------------------------------
 Produces Z*Magazine an Atari 8-Bit online magazine on a monthly basis.
 
 

 
 MODIFYING THE 1200XL
 --------------------
 by Jason Hedrick
 
 Special thanks to: Bob Woolley, Bob Puff and Paul Smith
 
 
 Disclaimer: None of the above persons shall be held responsible in the
 event that the person doing the modifications stated in this article
 should damage his or her equipment.
 
 
 I bought a 1200XL about a year ago from a person for rather cheap.
 1200XL machines can be had rather inexpensively these days, because when
 Atari made them, they weren't what one would consider as good as, say,
 an 800XL.  I resolved to find out as much as I possibly could about this
 machine, and that I would try to make it what it 'should have been'.  I
 have used an article written by Paul Smith and Bob Woolley as
 guidelines.  I have basically compiled the facts.
 
 Another reason I wrote this article is because I wanted to have Computer
 Software Services' Ultra Speed Plus Operating System work in it.  To 
 look at it with an amateur's point of view, (like myself) you would have
 said, -Impossible!-.  No, it wasn't.  Well, enough of my babbling, and
 on with the show.
 
 The first problem encountered with the 1200XL is the fact that any
 device drawing power from the SIO port didn't work because there is a
 current limit resistor keeping devices from getting the voltage/current
 they needed.  So if you ever plugged in, say, a P:R: Connection, it
 wouldn't work, because it has no external power supply.
 
 To fix this problem, all you have to do is short out R63.  This is a 100
 Ohm resistor (Brown-Black-Brown) in series with the power supply and is
 located near the SIO connector (J1).  Just solder a wire from one end of
 the resistor to the other.  This is easiest from the solder side of the
 board.  Another way of doing it is to de-solder the resistor, and
 replace it with a piece of jumper wire.
 
 Now for the big stuff.  The 1200XL has its own operating system unique
 from the rest of the XL series of computers.  It has compatibility
 problems, and it doesn't have BASIC built-in.  Also, it doesn't have a
 parallel Buss.  I'm not going to cover how to install the Parallel Buss
 Interface here, but the seperate article by Bob Woolley is available on
 networks like Compuserve.  It's called, -Adding A Parallel I/O Buss to a
 1200XL-.  I will get the file, (I only have a printout that my user's
 group president gave me) and upload it to the Computer Software Services
 BBS.  (716) 247-7157.
 
 The main part of Bob Woolley's article I'm focusing on is how to add the
 1200XL operating system chip, and how to put in a BASIC ROM.  I will
 quote directly from his article.  If there's any mention of things like
 'PBI code', it's because the article I'm quoting from has the sole
 purpose of installing a Parallel Buss Interface (PBI) in the 1200XL.  I
 had another purpose in mind.
 
 The 1200XL OS does not have the PBI code in either of its two 8K ROMs,
 which means we'll have to either recode an EPROM or use the 800XL or
 130XE (same chip) OS ROM.  Since many people don't have an EPROM burner
 and don't want to spend $150.00 for one, maybe $5 to $10 for an Atari
 ROM out of an 800XL (CO616598B) is a good idea.  Also, it really isn't
 legal to copy the Atari ROM into an EPROM, even for your own use.  Even
 if you destroy the source ROM.  Atari was nice enough to provide an easy
 upgrade path.  Use their ROM.  OK?  First thing you may find is that the
 1200XL ROMs are 24 pin devices and the new ROM is a 28 pin package.  No
 problem.  All you need to do is de-solder the 24 pin socket at U13 and
 solder in a 28 pin socket.  [I recommend a high-reliabily machined pin
 socket.]  One more address line (A13) is needed, so remove the W6 jumper
 and solder a wire from pin 23 of the CPU chip (U21) to the top pad of
 W6.  Now, plug the 800XL OS ROM into U13.  The 16K ROM select is just as
 simple.  Take a look inside your 1200XL.  See the chip that has 20 pins
 (U14)?  That is your MMU.  It is the main difference between a 1200XL
 and an 800XL.  Same number of little pins, same number of inputs and
 outputs ..... But the 800XL IC has the 16K select fot the OS ROM.  So
 lets jump right in and swap the MMU with the 800XL part (CO61618).  Fits
 just fine, doesn't it?  De-solder all jumpers except W11, W12, and W9
 and you have a ROM select line that will select the address range from
 $C000 to $FFFF in a single ROM, like the 800XL.
 
 Since the 1200XL has two ROM sockets and there may be some hard core
 nuts out there that just must have the internal BASIC ROM, get a
 revision C ROM and bend up pins 24 and 21.  Plug this ROM into U12 and
 solder a wire from pin 24 of the BASIC ROM to +5 Volts at the top of C11
 (just to the left of U13).  Solder another wire from pin 21 of the ROM
 to the left hand pad of W7 (which should not have a jumper in it).  One
 more wire from pin 18 of U14 to pin 11 of U23 and your machine has BASIC
 under the covers, just like the big guys!!  Now you get the thrill of
 holding down OPTION when you want to boot without BASIC, where those of
 us who don't do this section only need to pull the cartridge.  To be
 fair, though, SpartaDos will now turn BASIC on and off in your 1200XL
 with the BASIC on and off commands - which is kinda nice.
 
 Now to install the Ultra Speed Plus Operating System, follow these
 instrucions.
 
 1.  Remove the 800XL ROM from U13.
 2.  Install the US+ module into the socket with the wires coming out the
     end to which the notch of the old chip was pointing.
 3.  You will have to splice on extra lengths of wire from the module to
     install it correctly.
 4.  Solder the shortest wire coming from the US+ module to pin 7 of the
     74LS138 right above the CPU (U21, CO14806).
 5.  Now desolder the wire going from the US+ module to its 16 pin chip.
     Note which pin you desoldered it from.
 6.  Now splice an extra length of wire to the wire you just de-soldered,
     and solder back on to the chip you de-soldered it from.
 7.  Splice on extra lengths of wire onto the wires coming from the US+'s
     16 pin chip, enough to reach to POKEY chip on (CO12294) the left
     side of the board.
 8.  Now, piggy back the 16 pin chip pins 7 and 14 only making sure you
     line the notch up correctly.
 9.  Next, solder the wire coming from the US+ module's 16 pin chip to
     POKEY pin 7.
 10. Solder the remaining wire coming from pins 4 and 5 of the US+
     external 16 pin chip to pin 32 of the POKEY. 
 11. Drill a 1/4- hole in the left side of the bottom part of the case
     for the US+ switch.
 12. To put the top RF shield back on the mother board, you'll have to
     cut a hole big enough for the US+ module to poke through.
 13. Assemble your computer, and screw it all back together.
 14. Turn it on.  If nothing happens, call Computer Software Services at
     (716)467-9326 Monday-Friday 10AM-5PM EST.  Explain to them the
     modifications you made, and they should be able to help.  They're
     knowledgable folks.
 
 Well, that wraps it up.  With all mods installed, you have brought your
 machine up to state of the art.  Coming soon: Dual POKEYs and stereo
 outputs on your 1200XL!!
 
 8/23/91 - Jason Hedrick
 
 

 ========================================================================
 Z*Magazine  is an Atari 8-Bit Online Magazine covering the  Atari  8-Bit 
 and related computer community.   Articles and commentary presented here 
 do not reflect the opinions of the staff of Z*Magazine.  Articles unless 
 otherwise  noted  may be reprinted in full with the  title,  author  and 
 Issue number at the top of each article reprinted.   Z*Magazine,  Z*Net, 
 Z*Net  Newswire  and Z*Net News Service  are  Copyright  (c)1991,  Rovac 
 Industries, Inc.  Post Office Box 59, Middlesex, New Jersey, 08846-0059.
 ========================================================================
                                Z*Magazine
                Copyright (c)1991, Rovac Industries, Inc..
 ========================================================================
 
