                    Official Document of Establishment:

                      (Anti Warez Association (AWA)

August 4th 1993

Opening:

        It is hereforth proclaimeth the establishment of the Anti Warez
Association by it's founders and charter members:

                                 Ozone Pilot
                                Jason Farnon
                               Alexander Knox

On this date, Wednesday, August 4th Nineteen Hundred and Ninety-Three, the
Anti Warez Association announces it's establishment and openly begins
soliciting membership.

Document:

        The purpose of this document is to serve as a constitution of the
group, and to lay forth it's policies and goals.  The policies within
have been reviewed and agreed upon by the Board of Directors, OP, JF, AK.
They are subject to change without consultation on the part of the general
membership.  We are your holy rulerz.  We make the big decisions.  After all,
we wouldn't start a group if we weren't in for some power trip, now would we?

Association Motto/Slogan:

             "We don't crack software, we crack kitchen counters"

Goals:

        The goal of the Anti Warez Association is to produce literature
informing the general computer public of the horror, pain, and suffering of
the individuals trapped in the warez world.  We struggle to bring warez
d00dez into therapy and treatment, and we support those who have recovered.
We attack those who refuse help.  We aim to please.

Philosophy:

        There is life beyond warez.  We have been there and back, we have
seen the horrific damage it can cause.  We have seen the pathetic souls
who have fallen prey to multinode warez boards, we have witnessed the
devastating effects of 3 gigs of online storage.  We have see those scarred
for life by local caller ratios.  Nobody is beyond recovery, except the
almighty leader of the evil warez world, Timebomb of 617.  The black hole
of waredom called TGW is an evil empire created upon greed, hoarding, and
high speed HST.  We will win, we will conquer.

Membership Solicitation:

        Anyone, except the evil one himself, may join.  In order to join,
you must contact Jason Farnon, Alexander Knox, or Ozone Pilot for full
information.  The best way to join is to call the Archiving and Propaganda
Department itself.  It's called ThoughtCrime and it's number will be given
a bit later.  You will be required to read the latest AWA releases and be
familiar with what we produce.  You will be required to submit an essay that
will be reviewed by the Board of Directors.  There is no particular
subject to deal with, but any type of parallel or symbolism of the tragic
warez world is strongly suggested.  It may be fiction or non-fiction.
Whatever, we don't care.  You may submit as many as you like.  You will be
contacted by one of the Directors as to your standing with the group, once
your essay has been reviewed.

Submissions:

        We request that all members in good standing submit at least one
work per month.  Submissions will be grouped together and released as
the Directors deem necessary.  There is no set schedule for releases.  You
may upload your submission to ThoughtCrime, or it may be sent to one
of the Directors on another board.
        We do not dictate what you put in your essay.  If the essay is not
funny or creative, it will not be published.  In other words, it has to meet
certain criteria to be published.  If you are a Good Guy, you will have no
problem understanding the criteria.  If you are one of The Evil One's
disciples, it may be difficult.  It's up to you.

Rules of Conduct:

                        1) Scorn the warez world
                        2) Torment Timebomb and his cronies
                        3) End of rules


Note from the Directors -

Ozone Pilot:  "I am an artist.  I create art.  I create art that destroys
what the warez d00dz hold dear.  Through the printed word, we will triumph
over Timebomb and the Critical Condition multinode empire.  We will rule,
it is just a matter of time.  Pass the butter."


Alexander Knox: "Greets go out to RZR, FLT, USA, THG, TDT, and of course
TGW.  Where would I be without you today?  In three years you will realize
everything you did today was stupid, remember that.  "This lobster was alive
when it hit the frothy, boiling water.  The horror.  The horror." Pass the
peas please."

Jason Farnon:  "To say that I am against pirating software would be
hypocritical.  I am against the Warez society, the couriers, and those
ansis really fucking piss me off.  Yeh, and I use what I download, not
donload for the sake of downloading.  To sum it all up, 'Warez Suck.
Huh-huh.  Huh-huh.'  Where's the 4C?"


Contacting AWA:

AWA is based out of ThoughtCrime.  Call (617) 599-7154.  There are no warez
here.  No surprise eh?  Most anyone but The Child himself can get on.
Submissions center and origin site for AWA releases.  Liberate yourself,
call now.  No ANSI's.  Just cracked kitchen counters and bludgeoned skulls
of pathetic warez d00dz.

Send AWA internet mail to: comrade@gnu.ai.mit.edu

