              Ü ÜßÝ   Ü             Ü   Ü 
               ßÝ ßÝ   Ý             Ý   Ý
                Ý  Û   Ý             Ý   Ý
    BLaH        Ý ß    Ý      ÜßÜ    Ý   Ý
    File        ÝßÜ    Ý        ÜÝ   ÝßÝÜÝ        Written August 24th, 1992
    #025        Ý  Ýig Ýong  ÜßÝ Ýnd Ý   Ýairy
                Ý  Ý   Ý    Þ    Ý   Ý   Ý
                ÝÜß    ÝÜÜÝ  ßÜÜßÞ  ÜÝ   ÞÜ
                
                         Presents
              Ú             ÄÄ              ¿
               "A Social Violence Manifesto" 
              ³             by              ³
                        Constantine
              À             ÄÄ              Ù


        For all you "hard-core anarchists" out there, here's a little pop
quiz.  #3 pencils only.  No cheating, now.


        I said NO CHEATING!  That means YOU, the little bastard in the 
coke-bottle glasses who took a few minutes off from drooling over "Leather
Goddesses of Phobos IX" to read this tfile!  We've got your number, pal!

        Now that that's been taken care of, let us proceed.  

Q:  What action from the following list will go further in provoking
a state of anarchy?
        A:  Blowing up a mailbox with a homemade pipe bomb.           
        B:  Standing in the middle of a shopping mall and singing
          "The Star-Spangled Banner" backwards.
        C:  Sitting at home and playing "Commander Been Versus the
          Dildo Monster" for the fortieth time.

        Anyone who answered "A" can stop reading now.  And while you're
at it, why not burn all your copies of the Anarchist Cookbook, all your
generic tfiles (not the BLaH ones!), and your Loompanics catalog.  Then
go get a nice haircut and join the Young Republicans before you get hurt.
        Anyone who would have answered "C" probably hasn't even read this
far, having since gone back to trying to run "Wolfenstein 3-D" on a CGA
monitor.
        If you answered "B" (and there wasn't much choice after the "A" and
"C" crowd left), this tfile is for you.

ANARCHIST PHILOSOPHY
        Anarchy, as a philosophy, means many things to many people.  For
some, it is the path to tearing down the old order and erecting a new one.
Others simply delight in pure chaos.  Many people just feel that the world
or nation we have now is unlivable, and that anarchy is the purest path
to change.  For all its faces, there are a few things that anarchy is NOT.
        Anarchy is NOT an excuse for mindless destruction, nor is it an
excuse to shut yourself off from the world ("I don't care about politics,
dude, I'm an ANARCHIST!").  Blowing up a mailbox does nothing to contribute
to the movement-- it just damages property that YOUR taxes pay to replace,
and hurts a lot of people who should have the right to send their mail 
without worrying about mad-bomber-geeks.
        To distance myself and like-minded people from this rather less-
than-illustrious crowd, I humbly suggest a new name for an old philosophy:
Social Violence.

SOCIAL VIOLENCE PRIMER
        Our world, or at least our nation, is stupid.  It may have always
been stupid, it may have been a gradual process, it may have been the Cosby
Show or McDonald's hamburgers or the Illuminati for that matter, but the
basic fact is beyond denial:  we exist in a society which prizes ignorance 
and intolerance.
        The majority of people don't LIKE to think.  They don't know how
to do it anymore.  A publishers' survey revealed that less than 2% of our
nation's population regularly visits a bookstore.  Some of the fastest-
growing religions, and the ones with the most political power, are the
Fundementalist sects which decry logic and independant thought as tools
of their "satan" while commanding obedience to a self-contradictory Bible.
Dan Quayle, surely a monarch among morons, recently made a speech denouncing
the "cultural elite" (read: smart people), while prizing "good old-fashioned
values" (read: Christian fundementalism and the degredation of Women).
        The process begins at an early age, in our very schools.  Children
with sports skills are popular, while those with a scholarly bent are
regarded as "nerds" and outcast.  This indoctrination continues through
high school, by which time most Americans are happy, complacent idiots who
would rather pop a brewski and watch Monday Night Football instead of
opening a book and (Gods forbid) learning something about the world they
live in.
        Social Violence is a response to this threat.  Its motto:  if the
people won't think on their own, we must FORCE them to think!
        Don't let the name mislead you;  the "Violence" part of the name
is not necessarily PHYSICALLY violent-- in fact, physical violence (boom)
is usually counterproductive.  The violence in question is directed against
the very fabric of the offending society, with the goal of "killing" 
society itself.
        This can be accomplished through the disruption of daily routine,
shaking people out of their personal stupors.  Picture your average shopping
mall on a Saturday afternoon, packed with shuffling zombies on their way
from one overpriced boutique to the next.  Suddenly, in the main concourse,
horns blare, bells ring, and a gigantic sign reading "THINK!" unfurls from
the ceiling.
        No, it's not going to cause a revolution, but everyone present
at the time has been shaken up a bit.  Their expectations of a regular
day have been shattered, and they will go home to their families with
the story of the strange, funny thing that happened to them that day.
And, with luck, they might just start thinking about what the sign said.
        If it sounds like I'm advocating public practical jokes as a
pathway to social change, give yourself two points for listening.  That's
EXACTLY what I'm advocating.  You don't need bombs, chemicals or guns to
spread anarchy and fight the system;  all you need are the things that
already set you apart from the rest-- smarts and creativity.  Even without
special equipment (as in the prior example), you can practice social
violence.  Take a tip from our pal George Carlin-- rush into a retail
store, looking panicky and out of breath, run up to the clerk and scream,
"IS THIS [day of the week]?"  When she says yes, shout "THANK YOU!" and
leave.  That's all there is to it.
        Of course, if you decide this isn't for you, then that's your
right.  In a perfect society, everyone should be able to do what they
wish without interfering with anyone else.  But until this IS a perfect
society, there will always be a need for Social Violence.

        By the way-- episodes 1 through 6 of "Commander Been Versus the
Dildo Monster" are now available from Weenie Software, $45 for 1-3, $40
for 4-6 (1-3 required), $100 for all six.

SPECIAL SEGMENT by Guido Sanchez

here, for the pleasure of all, are the lyrics to the Star-Spangled Banner
backwards. Remeber, originality doesn't count unless you make people think.

--------------------------------------------
     Banner Spangled-Star The

Bra-ave home the and free, the of land the o'er
Wave yet banner spangled, star that does say oh there still
Was flag our that night the, through proof gave air in bursting
Bombs the glare red rock-ets, the and streaming gallantly
So were watched we ram-parts, the o'er fight perilous,
The through stars bright and, stripes broad whose gle-a-ming
Last twilight's the at "hailed we proudly so what?"    <ÄÄÄooh!
Light early dawn's the by, "see? you can sa-ay oh!"    <ÄÄÄdouble ooh!ÄÄ

Ball Play!

---------------------------------------------

Ok, you can either sing the same tune, these lyrics.. or make the words
themselves backwards and pronounce them phonetically.. do whatever turns
you and others on.

Gweed

{---End of File... Safe-T-Phallus v0.91á says "8345 Bytes Total"--------}

Look for the BLaH poetry file.... soon, I tell you!

BLaH <sigh>ts..

Nun-Beaters Anonymous <708>251-5094
Carbon Nation         <708>965-8965
The Insane Asylum     <305>927-3028
The Realm of Death    <419>475-3089
and..
The Freematrix        <708>527-9430 <-- [NuKE] Site! oh boy!

Greetings to Chuck!

{---Ghostie Toastie Puddin N Pie... Pissed the geeks off, made them cry----}
