
     [  B  L  a  H  ]   /   S  C  P     P R  E  S  E  N  T  S

   Ü Üßİ   Ü             Ü   Ü
    ßİ ßİ   İ             İ   İ
     İ  Û   İ             İ   İ       ¿Ä¿  Ú¿  ¿Ä¿ Ú¿¿ ¿Ä¿ ¿ Ú
     İ ß    İ      ÜßÜ    İ   İ       ³ ³ Ú  ³ ³    ³  ³ ³ ³ ³      BLaH
     İßÜ    İ        Üİ   İßİÜİ       ³ÄÙ ³  Ù ³¿   ³  ³ÄÙ ÀÅÙ      File
     İ  İ   İ     Üßİ İ   İ   İ       Ù    ÀÙ  ÙÄÙ  Ù  Ù À  Á       #026
     İ  İ   İ    Ş    İ   İ   İ
     İÜß    İÜÜİ  ßÜÜßŞ  Üİ   ŞÜ    by the [BLaH]/SCP Continuum

ğÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄğ

[BLaH]/SCP Proudly Present the 1st BLaH Poetry File.. Yes, in order to be k00l,
BLaH has become [BLaH], and a new subdivision has been formed... SCP. SCP as
any [BLaH]fan knows is Semi-Creative Poetry, the division of BLaH which works
solely on expression in a form which can only be described as Semi-Creative
Poetry. Most of the members of [BLaH] are in SCP, but some members work solely
for SCP. We would release a k-rad informational journal, but most of us can't
program worth shit, and those that can are to busy glossing their own egos to
do anything creative whatsoever, except for the occasional poetic endeavour.
No insinuations are given by this childish little outburst. None at all. Long
Live [BLaH] '92.

ÄÄÄEnough With The CynicismÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

Here's what this file is about. Poetry. Some is cheesy, some is funny, ALL is
true at least for that brief gap between with the idea is born and when the
resulting text file is deleted. This file is true for ME at this very moment,
as is this statement. Later, I can regret writing this, or not. Whatever be
clever.. The poetry is divided into a couple of groups, titled on whims. Keep
reading if you like this so far, and enjoy the ride. All poetry is by Guido
Sanchez, composed at the time of writing this file <ie original> unless
otherwise indicated. Some of it's by Constantine, some of it is just really
cool stuff that turned me on AT THAT PARTICULAR MOMENT. Yumm.

¯ÄÄÄ7 Bits, Even Parody, 1 Stop BitÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ®

Necrophile Scoutmaster

In her coffin
I will grope her breast,
Gaze at nudity
I throb and I pulsate
And utilize her frigid maw.
I insert my longing dong.
I now know what
It means by Webelos.
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Hefty Herb Says : For those who are without a clue, I'll tell you what I'm here
^^^^^^^^^^        to do. But first let me introduce myself. My name is Herb,
ooh boys n        not anything else. I'm a big fat dude with a gift for rap,
girls! A          I got Bill Cosby jumping on my back, Cause it seems that he's
RAPPER! A         got a copyright, on what I am, a black stereotype. But never-
role model!       mind that as Nirvana would say, I'm not here to bitch, I'm
                  here to get paid. I just gotta do what comes naturally, cause
You SAW this      me an Gweed share a mentality. He writes mindless shit, and
line coming a Ä-> I mindless crap. He calls his art, I call mine rap.
mile away.        The thing that be is he understands me, and it's true that
                  it's mutual. It's just common sense, Cause I'm a literary
                  device for writers that can't tell their ass from a hole.
                  So if you be confused by this past peace of art, come along
                  and join in the crowd. Following is the origrinal piece of
                  "work", it was masked by a scanty thin shroud.

The Scout Oath <from the Scout Handbook>

On my honor,
I will do my best,
To do my duty
To God and my country
To obey the scout law.
To keep myself physically strong,
Mentally awake,
And morally straight.
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

ÄÄÄOur Fellow Man For BreakfastÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

Jeffrey Dahlmer met a guy
Then he baked him in a pie.           <With an apology to Lizzie Borden>
Jeff promised he'd be a star
And now he is a candy bar.

There once was a fellow named Jeff
Who dealt others a fair hand of death
Suffice it to say,
I'm amazed in a way,
That in Home Ec. He received an "F".

Oh hungry is our god, Jeffrey,
For skin of fellow man.             <America, The Beautiful thingie>
For pilgrimage to that factory
Of chocolate which he ran.       <I know he didn't run it, it rhymes though>
Oh Jay Ell Dee, Oh Jaaaay Ell Dee
Please Judge, show your mercy.
Reduce his term
By centuries;
Or reduce his legal fees.

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

Hefty Herb AGAIN:

Well "re" to you all, I'm back on the scene, And this time I can use the entire
screen. Seems while Guido was spewing emotionally, I had a court date, paid
some legal fees, Cause that bastard Bill Cosby filed a lawsuit against this so-
called text file group, he says that he wants twenty percent for us using this
stereotype, just remember this, "ya'll", when you here that "racist!" tripe. I
guess after all that he can't be blamed, he's just another brother playing this
game, but I won't go spewing that anarchy shit, that's Guido's job, his measly
two bits. In fact I don't know why I'm here this time, could it be that Gweed
just gets off on rhyme? Those last few things on ol JLD seemed pretty straight-
forward if you know what I mean. Oh wait, hold a minute, back up the toilet.
You people see the letters, but you just don't know it. JLD is a magic little
group. The first is for Jeffrey, the second is Lou. And Dalhmer is third, as
I'm sure you can tell, but you COULD be a warez geek, or even Ma Bell. Since
you are reading this lame piece of shit, I can tell among other things that
your brain was forfeit. So I'll be off now, Mister and Missus White, Oh, I
almost forgot the clause of the copyright..

(C) Copyright 1992 William Cosby and BLaH Industries.. all rights reserved.
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

¨Ä-ÄDeath Can Be Fun!Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä-Ä?

I came upon a man, of sorts,
Accompan'ied by some French cohorts
He asked me what my reason was
I answered this dilemna thus
"My reason, as far as I can see
Is to brutally kill thee"
I then relieved him of his gun,
Killed him and his comrades, one by one.

Poetry can be quite fun
When written by point of a gun.
But when you write some nasty things
About that bastard with a gun
Things can become quite nasty
In a not-so-completely-different way.

ÓÄÄÄK0nstantine'z K-Rad K0rnerÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½

     Here's to the end of the world.. <klink> <glug glug glug>

                                Haiku-Fu
        
        Orchid petals on a lily pool
                And shit like that.
        I tried writing Haiku but my emotions
                Won't fit the syllable pattern.


                     Don't You Trust Me, Childe?
        
        Don't you trust me, childe?
        We've been down this road before, you and I.
        You always forget me,
        And you always wear a different face,
        But we know what we're all about.

        Take my hand now;
        It was I who put you in your mother's womb,
        Reared you, kept the wolves at bay
        Until your time came.
        Do not fear the scythe;
        It is only for show,
        And I am too old for games.

        Don't you trust me, childe?
        We've been down this road before, you and I.
        Here, let me hold the door for you.
        Never let it be said that I am anything less
        Than a perfect gentleman.


                On the Eve of the Bulls Victory '92

        Homecoming heroes, 
        Champions of the ball bow your heads to
        Shattered glass and crystal night.
        A bookseller's wares trampled in the street
        In the rush to fill arms with Jack Daniels and glory.
        Come, you sports patriots,
        Grab a color TV
        And join the celebration.

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Hefty Herb Time

Now I must admit most seriously, the point of Connie's art has eluded me.
Maybe there's none, con, no offense, more likely that I'm just a little
dense. But what's to be expected when created by Gweed? Oh lord help me, I'd
like to be freed. I'm forced into spewing lame rhymes like that, and If I say
"spew" one more, then that be that. Fine Gweed, fuck you, I'm outta this place,
I'd rather not exist than stare at your ugly face. Fare thee well and all of
that crap, I sure hope you enjoyed my insignificant rap.
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

Well, I'd write some more crap but I'm spent like the post-ejaculation phallus
that I am.. thanks for reading this crap, may you laugh may you cry, but if
Herb must go than so must I. Adios to you all, till a later date, and fuck you
those who went Bush/Quayle in 88. Just look what you've done! You've [NuKE]d
the whole country. Are you proud of yourself, voting with the economy? It just
goes to show the gullibility of folks, like Dana Plato of Different Strokes.
Have you seen those gifs of her and a frog? It makes my penis look like a
wart hog. Well, I'm out of lame rhymes for the present time, fare well, adieu,
may you digest chyme. <spelling, I know>

{---End of File... Safe-T-[NuKE] says... "10080 Bytes Total"---------------}

As always, for more of our shit.. check out these places..

BLaH <sigh>ts

Ú                                    Â                                  ¿
 Nun-Beaters Anonymous <708>251-5094   Carbon Nation       <708>965-8965
Æ                                    Å                                  ´
 The Insane Asylum     <305>927-3028   The Realm of Death  <419>475-3089
À                                    Á                                  Ù

As always, free access on Nun-Beaters Anonymous.. H/P/V/A/C, etc.. first
call, 10 hours, no ratios, etc.. why am I plugging here? If you read these
files, you could probably care less about that shit.. c'est la vie.

{---Propaganda Line... FLT is the only decent cracking group!-------------}
{----------------------well, FiRM too.. they've earned respect!-----------}

