                THE ULTIMATE CONTROL

Kate pulled her keys out of her purse, relieved to be home after a 
long day at the office.  As she unlocked the front door she smiled, 
thinking of how many times she had lapsed into random sexual 
fantasies during many of the more boring meetings she had been in 
that day.  It was certainly more enjoyable than listening to other 
vice-presidents who lectured on and on just to hear themselves 
speak.  Now that she was home, nothing would satisfy her more than 
living out some of those fantasies by dominating her boyfriend for 
the evening.  After having been an unwilling submissive to the 
business world all day she was in the mood to deal out some 
pleasure and pain, and licked her lips with anticipation as she 
stepped inside.
 
Dan saw her as she stepped inside and came in from the next room to 
greet her.  He couldn't help but notice her professional but sexy 
business outfit: a sheer blouse that accentuated her breasts, a short 
skirt, high heels, and black stockings that drew his attention to her 
beautiful legs.  They kissed.  Kate started to ask him how his day had 
been but looked over his shoulder to see the kitchen overflowing 
with the dishes he had promised to wash.
 
Her knee rammed his balls before he could even think to react.  Paul 
was taken completely by surprise and doubled over slightly from the 
sudden pain.  "Yeah!" she yelled playfully, "That felt great!"  
 
"Great?" he gasped in surprise, his balls aching.  He was too stunned 
to do anything for a few seconds.
 
She moved fast, pulling his T-shirt off over his head and locking his 
wrists behind his back with a pair of concealed handcuffs.  He was 
still too stunned and surprised to resist.  
 
She stepped over to the toy bag she had left behind the sofa for just 
this occasion and grabbed something that he couldn't see.  As he 
began to recover from the blow to his balls he strained against the 
handcuffs.  But it was no use.  She had locked them on securely.  
"Hey!  Just what do you think you're doing?" he protested.
 
She walked back over to him and gave him a playful shove.  Before 
he could protest again, she slipped her hand down the front of his 
jeans.  She touched his penis (which was beginning to get hard) and 
he relaxed a little.  Her fingers teased downward,  and he felt her 
fingers curl firmly around his balls.  She was holding him in a very 
aggressive way, but it felt good.  
 
Holding him like this excited her, and she felt a slight tingling 
between her legs as she tightened her grip.  Suddenly his balls were 
in pain, but with his hands cuffed behind my back he could do 
nothing to resist her.  "Mmmmm..." she purred, squeezing harder, "Do 
you know how good your balls feel to me right now?"  It was slightly 
odd, she thought, to be looking up into the eyes of a man much larger 
and stronger than she, but to have such control over him just by 
having a good grip on his balls.  She loved his balls.  They were big 
and beautiful and yet so vulnerable to her.  She smiled, seeing the 
look of apprehension on his face.  He tried to hold out at first, but she 
increased the pressure of her grip until he sank to his knees in a 
mixture of pleasure and pain.
 
She came down to the floor with him, and with both of them on their 
knees, she unzipped his jeans.  "I've got something for you" she said, 
showing him her favorite ball-torture toy in her other hand.  It was a 
rounded metal ring, shaped like a doughnut, that could be split into 
halves.  These C-shaped halves could be fastened together by 
recessed allen-head screws.  The two halves were designed to be 
placed individually around the scrotum, one on either side, just 
above the testicles.  They could then be locked together with the 
screws, forming a solid ring.  The inside diameter of the ring was too 
small for Dan's balls to pass through, but large enough for him to 
wear comfortably, even for long periods.  The ring even had two 
attachments for eyebolts that she often liked to attach chains to.
 
She held his balls tightly to make sure that he didn't pull away, and 
locked the doughnut-shaped ring around them.  She savored every 
moment of capturing him, and the feeling of control turned her on.  
She tightened the screws (which were recessed so that they could be 
removed only with the special screwdriver and not by Dan's fingers) 
and he felt the snug pressure of the ring just above his balls.  It was 
not uncomfortable, but it was plenty tight enough to hold his balls 
firmly in place - just how she liked them.  She then locked a chain 
onto the ball-ring like a leash, and just for emphasis gave it a hard 
pull.  Oof!  He really felt it.  "I think that this," she whispered in his 
ear, kissing him, "will work quite nicely.  Your balls look so good in 
bondage..."  She pauseed for a moment to look him over, and began to 
feel intensely aroused.  He knew he was in for a beating, but awaited 
it with as much excitement as fear. 
 
She pushed him back onto the couch, so he was sitting on the edge 
and leaning back.  With the chain to his balls in one hand, she pulled 
off his jeans with the other.  His hands were cuffed behind him and 
his balls were locked securely in the steel ring.  He was powerless to 
resist her.
 
She locked the leather cuffs on his outstretched ankles.  As he 
reclined on the couch he suddenly realized that he was completely 
naked except for his bonds.  She still had all of her clothes on.  He 
was stunned by how fast she had been able to strip and tie him up.  
He had a mind to break loose, and pulled a bit on his bonds only to 
realize that he could not get free.  Only now did he realize the full 
extent of her control over him.  He felt extremely vulnerable, and 
knew that he was her captive.
 
Seeing him struggle, she disciplined him by yanking so hard on the 
ball-chain that he was left gasping for breath.  By the balls, he was 
pulled forward off the sofa and onto his knees.  Naked, bound in 
leather and chains, and his balls aching with pain, Dan was beginning 
to feel genuine fear.  Kate had never been so rough before.  She stood 
above him in victory, smiling and holding the chain to his testicles 
like a leash.  She did it with love, of course, but she wanted to control 
him in a very sexual way - to take female control of his proud male 
organs, to beat his balls and control him by the pain.  
 
She brought him up to his feet.  She bent down and, teasingly, began 
to alternate between taking his hard penis into her mouth and 
pulling the chain to his balls.  He was becoming extremely aroused 
from the wonderful feel of her warm, wet  mouth, but she would 
never let it go on for more than a few moments before punctuating 
the sensation with a hard yank on the testicle-chain.  She loved to 
alternate between giving pleasure and pain - to control his every 
sensation.
 
"Come now," she commanded, and led him to the bedroom by the 
leash. She then locked his wrists over his head, connecting them to 
something above the door.  She then paused to admire her male 
slave, touching him all over and purring to herself.  "Nice buns" she 
said, walking behind him, caressing them.  Chained up as he was, he 
had no choice but to stand there and take it.  Again it aroused her to 
look at her big masculine lover, utterly under her feminine control 
despite the power of his muscular male body.  Walking in front again 
she continued to touch as she pleased.  "Nice balls" she said with a 
wink, pulling on the chain and enjoying his reaction.  "And nice lips" 
she says, kissing him gently on the mouth.  "I think they'd look great 
with a gag."  As he tried to protest she popped a ball-gag in his 
mouth and secured the strap quite firmly behind his head.
 
"Do you have any idea what listening to speeches by boring vice-
presidents all day makes me want to come home and do to you?" she 
asked.  He couldn't speak with the gag in his mouth, but he felt her 
answer - her little fists pummeling his balls.  "I have wanted to do 
this all day!" she shouted with glee.  The repeated hits on his balls 
increased the pain steadily but at the same time it excited him.  The 
donut ring held his balls snugly in place so they were especially 
vulnerable, and each of her blows was a direct hit.  "I'm tired of men 
walking around thinking they're so tough!"  she laughed, her fist 
pressing firmly into Dan's testicles.  She continued to pummel him 
and his balls were now on fire with pain.  
 
She was really enjoying herself.  She loved the way his balls felt in 
the moments of contact.  They were large and firm and yet so 
vulnerable to her.  "Your body is my property" she stated as her 
tightened little fist struck his testicles again.  Wham.  He groaned into 
his gag as the jolt of pain shot through his lower body.  "And I can do 
whatever I like with you."  Wham.  His agony increased.  "If I want 
you to feel pleasure then you will feel pleasure.  But right now I 
want your balls to ache with pain, because that is a your proper 
place and I like it that way!"  Wham.  Involuntarily, he doubled over 
from the pain but only as far as his chained-up arms would allow.  
As he looked down he could see each time as her fists pressed hard 
into his bound testicles.  She continued to strike them, rhythmically, 
powerfully.  Her small feminine fists were more than a match for his 
manly balls.  "I hope you're learning a valuable lesson in female 
superiority here," she said with a smile, and struck him again, 
especially hard.  
 
His loud moans were stifled by the tight gag she had placed in his 
mouth, and his knees felt wobbly.  His balls ached so powerfully that 
he wanted nothing more than to collapse to his knees, but because of 
his hands chained above him he was forced to stand and accept her 
blows.  
 
Then she stopped, and gently kissed his cheek.  "Are your balls 
hurting yet?" she asked, knowing the answer.  He nodded yes as he 
tried to mumble an answer through the gag.  "I notice" she said, "that 
your penis is still hard.  Do you like it when I play rough with you?"  
He tried not to react, but she could tell how aroused he was.  He 
couldn't hide his erection, especially chained up naked and on 
display as he was.  "I don't think you know just how much I like to 
hit your balls" she said coyly, "and when I see that it excites you I 
only want to do it more!"  His eyes grew wide in a mixture of fear 
and excitement.  
 
She stroked his penis gently, feeling it up and down along its length, 
enjoying its smoothness.  She had complete control over him and she 
knew it.  It was pleasing to Kate to touch her man like this:  
wherever, however, and whenever she liked.  He, as her sexual 
plaything, had no choice in the matter.  She lustily grabbed him by 
the balls and squeezed them hard, bringing her face very close to his.  
He grunted from the rejuvenated pain but was muffled by the gag.  
She smiled broadly, enjoying holding him, and showing no sign of 
wanting to let go.  "I love to hold your balls nice and tight" she 
whispered in his ear.  She meant it.  
 
She paused and caressed him again, basking in the control she had 
over him.  "Do you like being my slave?" she asked, giving him little 
kisses on his face.  He felt a slight tug on his balls as she pulled the 
chain a little tighter.  He enthusiastically nodded yes in answer to her 
question and tried to make affirmative sounds from behind his gag.  
He knew that he'd truly regret giving her the wrong answer!  It was 
a truthful answer though.  Despite the pain, he was loving it.  "Ah, 
that's what I like to see," she replies.  "But don't think that I'm 
through with you yet!"  She had a devilish gleam in her eye.  "Now I 
am really going to dominate you," she said as she unchained his 
wrists from above (leaving the handcuffs on).  The look in his eyes 
pleaded.  "How?" she said, stating his nonverbal question.   
 
"Like this!" she shouted in excitement, and jerked her knee up into 
his balls - hard.  In that moment she looked ravishing with her skirt 
hiked up high on her beautiful thigh - and for a brief second the soft 
brush of her sheer stocking against his skin felt exquisite.  It was an 
intensely erotic snapshot - her female knee and thigh completely 
overpowering his large but vulnerable male sexuality.  His balls 
exploded in agony.  Smiling, she immediately commanded him to 
kneel, but she didn't have to and she knew it.  The pain in his balls 
was easily enough to double him up and force him to his knees.  She 
felt a warm sensation between her legs as she watched him sink to a 
submissive kneeling position before her.  "Ahhh..." she sighed, 
"nothing is more satisfying than beating your man's balls just to 
show him who's boss."  He knelt at her feet, in too much pain and too 
securely gagged to argue with her sexist kidding.  Even though his 
balls were hurting intensely, he felt incredibly aroused by her.  She 
knew that she was turning him on, but her enthusiasm made it clear 
that she was beating his balls for her own pleasure.  Her knee in his 
balls was a form of bondage in itself - his balls were in such pain 
that even without the cuffs and chains he couldn't get up off his 
knees.  And that's exactly how she liked it.  "This is just how I 
wanted to have you, my lover," she said.  "Naked, tied up, on your 
knees, and totally controlled by the pain in your balls that I gave 
you!"
 
She strutted back and forth in front of him in her high heels, gloating 
over how fun it was for her to knee his balls while wearing her heels.  
He was considerably taller than she, and her high heels made it 
easier to lift her knee up high enough to strike him properly.  Having 
the ring on him made it easier still, because it held his balls in place 
and made them thrust out below it where they were deliciously 
accessible to her.  "I know your balls are in a lot of pain right now" 
she said looking down at him, more than a little proud of herself and 
enjoying her control.  "And I'd be lying if I said that I didn't enjoy 
abusing them, but I just couldn't resist.  Your balls looked so big and 
beautiful that I couldn't resist getting them with my knee.  But don't 
worry,  my pet, I'm going to make you feel a lot better in a little 
while."  She had such a wicked grin on her face that he knew he 
would like whatever came next, even though he was still bowed from 
her knee.  She took a short chain and linked his handcuffs to his 
ankle chains, tightly restraining him in a kneeling position.  She 
stepped closer, standing directly in front of him.  He loved the way 
she looked in heels and a short skirt.  Her legs were beautiful - 
although dangerous!  
 
"You will caress my legs now," she commanded.  Still gagged, he 
nodded yes, but couldn't reach her in his bondage.  Instead of 
unchaining him, she simply stepped even closer.  "There", she said, 
standing so close that her thighs softly brushed against his chest and 
stomach.  He stroked her legs with his bound hands and she sighed.  
It was extremely pleasurable for her to feel his hands on her body, 
specially when he was handcuffed like this.  
 
Her soft flesh through her delicate stockings felt wonderful to touch.  
Touching her was so exciting that it almost took his mind off of how 
sore his balls were.  He started at her feet, just above the rim of her 
shoes, and moving up her calf, massaging, up to her lower thigh.  As 
he tried to reach higher, he could not - the chain to his handcuffs 
pulled taut.  She smiled, enjoying his bondage, and teased him by 
pressing her thighs against his body.  She was so close that his head 
was nearly buried in her chest.  She sighed as he caressed her, 
enjoying both his touch and her power to command him.
 
She reached down and unbuckled the gag, removing it from his 
mouth.  "You will kiss my breasts now" she stated.  Her tug on his 
harnessed balls let him know that he had no choice in the matter.  
She removed her blouse and bra, and he took her hard nipples into 
his mouth.   She was highly aroused already.  Standing over this big, 
beautiful, totally bound and submissive man, holding a chain-leash to 
his balls and commanding him to stimulate her was almost too much.  
Just looking at him turned her on, and feeling his mouth and hands 
on her body made her feel even hotter.  After a while, she began to 
pull restlessly on the chain.  "Am I not kissing your breasts the right 
way?" he asked.  
 
She responded.  "Oh, you're kissing me wonderfully.  It's just that I 
like to pull on your balls.  You'd better get used to it, dear.  Right now 
I'm really enjoying making your balls feel a great deal of pain.  I care 
about you very much, but sometimes it really excites me to control 
you by your balls.  But no more talking out of you!  Insolent slave!"
 
Suddenly she stuffed the ball-gag back in his mouth, and buckled it 
even tighter than before.  She stepped back and began to remove her 
clothes, teasing him visually.  Bound as he was, on his knees, he could 
do nothing but watch her.  He wanted to jump up and ravish her, but 
couldn't even hope to break free of his chains.  It was she who would 
decide what was to happen and when.
 
She came back to him and unchained his wrists from his ankles, then 
made him stand.  By the ball-chain, she led him over to the bed and 
had him lie down on his back, chaining his already-handcuffed wrists 
to the headboard.  Then, taking a firm grip on his balls, she teased 
him by taking his penis into her mouth - in and out again.  She toyed 
with him for a long time, driving him absolutely wild but always 
stopping short of bringing him to orgasm.  She played with his balls 
like they were her toys, and admired the snug metal ring that held 
them for her so nicely.  His balls were still aching from her beating, 
but he didn't care.  His penis was so hard he could feel it throbbing, 
and he was ready to explode from excitement.  
 
She straddled his hips, her beautiful breasts thrust before him.  He 
felt her hand grip his penis and guide it between her legs.  She was 
so wet that she easily slid him inside her.  She unchained the 
handcuffs from the headboard (leaving the cuffs on) so that he could 
touch her.  First he touched her swollen nipples and she gasped.  He 
slowly traveled down her body, teasingly closer and closer to her 
clitoris.  She felt hot and wet to the touch, and gyrated with each 
circular motion of his fingers.  Feeling him inside her, his caresses on 
her clit, and the sheer excitement of dominating him finally 
overcame her.  Dominating him had worked her up so much that she 
trembled and fell into a frenzy.  She screamed and shuddered, 
rocking her hips against his as the orgasm shook her.  The pent-up 
sexual energy inside her was released in violent rhythms.  Slowly, 
her motions calmed.  As she finished, she grabbed his cuffed hands 
and re-chained them to the headboard.  She then began to grind her 
hips against his, rhythmically.  
 
He quickly lost control.  Her sexy voice and her warm body 
overwhelmed him and he exploded into her.  Even with the chains, 
he practically bucked her off, but she stayed on for the ride.  Even 
the gag could hardly hold back the gutteral shout of his orgasm.
 
They cuddled afterward, but she did not release him.  Plenty of 
kisses and caresses, but she made it clear that she wished to keep 
him bound and gagged for a while.  She smiled.  "The thought of you, 
my beautiful naked man, tightly bound and feeling intense pain in 
your balls from the things I do to you excites me more than you 
know.  We'll have to do this again sometime..."
