                         "Uhura's Distress"

                      By Tinker, November 1993



"Message understood. Kirk out." Routinely the captain put down the
communicator and faced the landing party. "Alright. You all heard it. We are
trapped in this concrete cellar. The transporter will be repaired in about
eight hours. We can't go out, but nothing else can come in. No too bad, after
all. We can easily last that long and have enough to drink with us. So just
make it yourself ehhh... comfortable." The whole crew grinned. Spock and McCoy
decided to sit down in the right corner of the twenty by twenty feet cubicle,
Kirk and lt. Uhura took the other corner. Before long, Spock and McCoy were
deeply involved in a pocket chess game that they had modified to make things
more difficult for Spock. A certain amount of luck and intuition was
introduced to make the chances more equal.

While captain Kirk sat cross-legged on the ground, drinking some water, Uhura
leaned against a wall and now or then exchanged the one wall for the other or
walked slowly through the cellar. "Please lieutenant, sit down, have a drink.
We have a few more hours to go, you know." Uhura nodded and left her wall. She
sat down on her knees and gladly accepted the mug of water Kirk offered her.
But after a while, she rose again and started walking around. "Sorry captain,
but my knees started to hurt," she excused herself. Kirk rose his eyebrows.
"Did I tell you to sit on your knees?" he asked startled. "No you didn't,"
Uhura smiled. "But you see, my uniform was designed with starship furniture
in mind." She straightened her back and corrected a tiny rimple in her red
dress. "I see what problem you have, sitting on this dirty ground with that
lovely uniform. Just ignore the dust. I'm sitting on it. You can sit on it.
On board, we have plenty of new uniforms." Kirk patted the ground and Uhura
could not resist. "To be honest, my legs ARE killing me. But please, sir,
don't be offended by my uniform, will you?" Then, she carefully bent her knees
and joined the captain on the floor, cross-legged. With a bit of shame, she
avoided Kirk's eyes. "I know this looks challenging, sir, but I warned you."
"Please, lieutenant. I have seen your panties before. Your dress was designed
with no furniture in mind at all. You will always show yourself, no matter
what. And to be very honest, I like it that way. Very much." Uhura now smiled
happily and decided to lean back against the wall. She gracefully pulled up
her legs and put her arms in her neck. McCoy casually looked up from his game
and could not avoid being caught by Uhura's fully exposed red underwear. He
blinked. Uhura gave him her most pleasant smile, and closed her eyes. Slowly
her knees fell apart.

After two hours, Uhura woke up and bent over to the captain, who had been
watching her panties and the rest for exactly that time. "Please Jim, can I
have a drink of water?" Jim handed her the bottle, which she drunk down almost
completely. Then, she leaned back against the wall and started humming softly
in herself. After one more hour, McCoy raised and told the rest: "Well, that's
it. Sorry but I have to do something we humans have to do quite regularly.
Please, Uhura, be not offended." He went to the opposite corner and pissed
against the wall. Uhura could not avoid giggling a bit. Spock followed McCoy
and after another quarter, Jim went as well. Then they sat down again, Uhura
took another, not less revealing pose, and they waited for another hour.

Then Uhura suddenly rose and casually started walking around again. Her sudden
unrest was not noticed by Jim and Spock, who now were busy slaughtering
eachother on the game board. But McCoy smiled and took his tricorder. Beeping
the machine revealed Uhura's distress. She blushed and looked away. "Still
four more hours, Jim. She's not gonna make it." Kirk looked up, unaware of the
situation. "What did you say, Bones?" "I think our communications officer has
a problem, Jim." Kirk looked to Uhura, who now was standing straight up, legs
firmly pulled together, looking into the distance. "What's the matter,
lieutenant?" he asked alarmed. "Nothing, sir," she mumbled with her teeth
together. Jim looked to McCoy. "What the hell..." McCoy eased him and said:
"Well, I think we all should look to the opposite corner than where our toilet
is for a moment." Jim now understood and nodded. But then Uhura sharply turned
her head and said: "No sir. I have my pride. I will not undress myself in the
presence of fellow officers. I will use my uniform to save my pride." Kirk
rose an eyebrow again. "Sorry lieutenant, I fail to see what you mean by
that." Uhura stroke her short red dress and softly said: "My uniform must have
been designed with no furniture in mind indeed, captain. Literally. I presume
it was designed to let the female population cope with the absence of private
toilets." Then, she slowly walked towards the toilet corner. 

Arrived there, she turned around to face the three men and pulled down her
tiny red dress firmly, which gained half an inch below but revealed her
breasts even better than before. Then she carefully put her legs apart, until
her high, tight boots stood about two feet from eachother. Jim only now
recognised the typical pose Uhura was taking. He could not believe his eyes
and rose to his feet: "Uhura, please, stop it. There is no need to make a
scene like this. We are civilised men, we CAN look another way." But Uhura
shook her head and put her hands in her sides. "No use, Jim. I am determined.
What I'm going to do is not as unusual for me as you might think it is. Take
it easy. I consider it some kind of fun myself. And besides, it is already to
late, anyway."

Then, she closed her eyes, swallowed and breathed deeply. For a few seconds,
she just stood there, legs apart, concentrating. She began to tremble. Her
knees seemed to move even further apart, and her breasts revealed that her
respiration tempo increased considerably. It took her seven seconds to
overcome her muscle reflexes. Then, suddenly, her breath stuck and she moved
her hips a bit forward. McCoy's tricorder sounded a tiny alarm signal and
Bones grabbed hastily to switch the thing off. Uhura pinced her fists together
and looked down to her tiny skirt that barely covered her panties. Under it,
but hidden from anyone's view, her red underwear changed colour and started
to drip between her legs. She giggled, closed her eyes again and straightened
her back. From under her dress a steady stream of liquid began to clatter
down. Uhura's hands relaxed, and slid down her tighs to the edge of her skirt.
She grasped it and pulled it down again, more as a reflex than intendedly.
Smiling, fully satisfied, she pushed the full contents of her bladder into her
panties. The stream fell down between her gracious legs, and her high black
boots soon were surrounded by a puddle of liquid. Uhura bent her head
backwards, mumbled something, loosened her grip to her skirt and slowly let
the waterfall die away. It took her about one minute to stop the dripping from
out of her completely soaked panties.

Finally, she came back to reality, shook her head, and blinked with her eyes.
Without even looking at the three baffled men watching her, she pulled up her
skirt a bit and examined her underwear. It showed a rather big dark spot
between her legs and halfway up her hips. A bit alarmed, Uhura twisted and
looked over her shoulder while pulling up her skirt from behind. Her buttocks
were just as wet as she had feared. With her dress still pulled up and her
legs spread out, she giggled "Oops" and turned to the three men. Then Uhura
realised the full impact of her pose and slowly lowered her dress again,
pulled back together her legs, and corrected her general appearance. But her
usual habit of stroking her skirt to remove rimples she left out. Carefully
she walked to her corner, one time grabbing between her legs to pull a bit at
her wet panties, and leaned against the wall again. She pulled up one leg and
put her foot against the wall. "Really gentlemen," she smiled, "this was some
kind of fun to me. Don't be ashamed of what you just saw. Please."

Jim blinked with his eyes. "That was a firm proof of pride, lieutenant. I
sincerely hope you enjoyed it as much as we did." Uhura smiled and put her
head against the wall. "I thought you would like it. But believe me, it took
quite some courage to actually wet myself. Still, it was a unique experience."

At that moment, everything started to wave and flicker and within three
seconds everyone was aboard the Enterprise again. Uhura quickly fell into the
role of communications officer and first reported to the bridge. Then with a
puff of compressed air the door opened and Uhura elegantly walked out, not to
her quarters as Jim had expected, but straight to the bridge where she sat
down with just a tiny bit of skirt manipulating. She remained there for a full
two hours and when she finally signed off duty and left the bridge, nobody
could see anything strange about her red panties that showed under her dress
that had not properly fallen down. Many men looked and saw her underwear. But
only a few knew.
