	UHURA AND RAND 
       A CLASSIC TREK LOVE STORY
		by Ann D


	Janice Rand hurried down the corridors of the
Enterprise.  Most of the crew had already beamed over to
Starbase 17 for shore leave.  The Enterprise would be in orbit
for at least eight days while repairs were made to the impulse
engines, so no time had been wasted by those looking to jump
ship as it were.  None of this mattered to the blonde haired
woman as she turned the corner and spotted the cabin she was
headed for.  In 72 hours she was due to report aboard the
survey ship Crockett. If she left by tomorrow morning, she
would be able to link up with her new assignment before they
set out on another deep space probe. But first she had one last
thing to take care of.
	 She knew she had spent far too much time deciding on
the contents of the small box she carried. What if its intended
recipient had already left on leave.  With a deep breath she
reached out and rang the door chime. Her look of anxiety
immediately changed to a smile as the door slid open.
	"Uhura?"  she called out as she entered the room.
	"Be out in a minute..."  came the voice from the other
room.
	Janice was so glad she was in time.  She would never
have forgiven herself if she never got the chance to say
goodbye.
	"Hello Janice,"   Nyota Uhura said as she glided into the
room wearing a long flowing white dress, cut low to display an
ample bosom.  "I see my message caught up to you, you're just
in time for dinner."
	"Dinner?"  Janice asked.
	"Yes, dinner. You know, some good food, a nice wine,
maybe a little interesting conversation.  You did get the
message I left on your comstation?"
	"No, I haven't been back to my room all day."  I've been
running around so much, trying to get everything done.  My
orders came in, I'm going to the Crockett."
	"I know."
	"You know?"  Janice said in surprise "I only found out
this morning."
	"Ten minutes after I did,"  Uhura said as she smiled.
"I'm Chief Communications Officer...remember?"
	Janice felt a little silly, of course her friend would've
seen her orders as soon as they came in.
	"Well good fortune smiles on both of us, dinner is nearly
ready and you're here just in time."  Uhura said as she 
indicated the table settings with a flourish of her outstretched hand.  
"I couldn't let your last night on the Enterprise consist of an 
empty ward room and pot luck from the galley."
	"Thank you."  Janice replied.  "I only wish I'd gotten the
message. Then at least I could've dressed for the occasion."  
she added as she indicated the red uniform dress she wore.
	"Nonsense,"  Uhura said as she poured two glasses of
wine and handed one to Rand. "I think you would've worn the
uniform anyway, any chance to show off that new Lieutenant's
stripe."
	Janice could only smile at her friends good natured
ribbing as she accepted the wineglass.
	"A toast,"  the dark skinned woman said as she raised
her glass.  "To Lieutenant Janice Rand."
	"To Lieutenant Commander Nyota Uhura,"  Janice
countertoasted.  "Without who's help and encouragement I'd
never have won officer's bars."
	"You'd have made it on your own, Janice."  Uhura said
after drinking the toast.  "All I did was give you a little 
push now and then."
	"Well either way, I'm very grateful for those pushes."
Rand answered as she placed her glass on the table and picked
up the small package she had brought.  "This is for you."
	Uhura held the package in her hands and carefully undid
the gold and white paper wrapping.  She opened the box and
lifted out a gold chain and locket.  The locket was carved in 
the shape of a unicorn's head, with a diamond set in place of an 
eye.
	"I know its a little thing,"  Janice said.  "But I've always
liked unicorns.  Maybe because they were so rare -- just like
real friends."
	"I think its beautiful."  Uhura beamed as she lifted it
around her neck and locked the chain into place.  The light
brightly reflected off the polished locket, forming a sharp
contrast against the dark brown breasts it rested between.
	"Thank you."  Uhura said as she leaned over and kissed
Janice on the cheek.  "I'll treasure it."
	Just then the timer for dinner went off, causing a break
in the moment.  Uhura looked like she wanted to say something
else, but stopped at the sound.  She looked into Janice's blue
eyes for a moment, then simply said.
	"I guess we'd better sit down to eat."


	Janice had to admit, the dinner had been one of the
finest she had ever tasted.  The wine had also been excellent,
and the conversation best of all.  She was realizing shat she
would miss most about the Enterprise was this woman sitting
across from her.
	"I've got a little something for you too."  Uhura said as
she handed Janice a flat package across the table.
	"O'my lord!"  Janice exclaimed in surprise as she opened
it.  Where in the world did you ever get this?"
	In the package was a photograph of a very young
crewman Rand reporting for duty aboard the U.S.S. Enterprise
for the very first time.  And the officer she was reporting to 
was a Lieutenant named Nyota Uhura.
	"I found it in the archives and thought it might make a
nice keepsake of your time here."
	"I was so young."  Janice said.  "Look at that hairdo I
used to wear."
	"Oh it wasn't all that bad."  Uhura said, moving over to
stand over Rand's shoulder and lean down to get another look
at the photograph.
	"Yes it was, I thought it made me look so much older, I
was just 19."
	"Yet even then I could see the potential in you."
	"I can't see how.  I wasn't even onboard a week before I
fell head over heels for the Captain, like some lovestruck
schoolgirl."
	"You and eighty percent of the female population on
board."  smiled Uhura.
	"And then when I was assigned as his yeoman, I used to
have runaway fantasies."
	"Well its a pity that we were closer back then, I could've
saved you a lot of frustration."
	"What do you mean?"  Janice asked as she looked into
Nyota's brown eyes just inches away.
	"Well....let me put it this way.  Christine Chapel had
more of a chance waking up and finding Spock sharing her bed
than you did Jim Kirk."
	"I don't understand."   
	"The Captain could be the most charming man in the
universe when he wanted to be, always making the female heart
go aflutter.  But he had one firm rule that he would never get
involved in anyone under his command."
	"I guess that also answers something else I've always
wondered about."
	"And what would that be?"  asked the dark woman.
	"If you and the Captain had ever......you know."
	"Don't be so sure about that answer, my friend."  Nyota
said smiling as she rose to her feet.  "Jim Kirk wasn't always 
a Captain.....and I wasn't always under his command."
	Janice just sat there speechless for a moment, then
followed Nyota over to the plush couch in the center of the
room.


	As they talked, Uhura gently stroked the locked hanging
between her breasts. She would miss Janice, she was like a 
little sister at times, one that had grown in to a very special 
friend. The locket would always remind her of that friendship.  She
now wished she had given her something more than just the
photograph.
	"I really am going to miss you Nyota,"  Janice said.  "I
don't think I realized until just now how much."
	"It's funny, I was just thinking the same thing."  Uhura
replied.  "But I guess that's life in Starfleet. But even 
though we're lightyears away from each other, we'll still have our
memories."
	"I guess that's true,"  Rand said half-heartedly. "And
we'll keep in touch of course."
	"Honey, if a communication's officer can't keep in touch,
who can?"
	They both laughed at the joke.
	"There's is one more thing I did want to give you." 
Uhura said.
	"What was that?"
	The Communications Officer was silent as she leaned
over and kissed Janice for the second time this evening - this
time on the lips.
	

	Janice was caught off guard for a moment, then began
to respond to the kiss.  She opened her mouth and allowed
Uhura's tongue easy access.  Their lips pressed together as 
their tongues met.  A warm glow radiated outward, filling both of
them with excitement.   
	"I want you to stay with me,"  Uhura said softly as she
broke the kiss.  "I want you to stay with me until your shuttle
leaves tomorrow.  If I can only have you in my memories, I
want those memories to have been of loving you."
	Janice's reply was lost as she kissed Nyota with all of the
passion she could muster.  She wanted the memory as much as
Uhura did.
	Still locked in the kiss, Janice reached down and slid her
hands inside Uhura's gown, cupping the large black breasts
contained within. Her fingers brushed against the large 
nipples, feeling them harden at her touch.  She reached up and slid the
gown downward, allowing her unrestricted access to the huge
mounds of ebony delight.  
	Continuing to play with Uhura's nipples, Janice began to
kiss her way downward.  First her neck, then her shoulders
received the full attention of the red clad woman's hot mouth
and tongue.  Moving to the large crevice between Nyota's
breasts, she licked the skin around the locket, then moved to 
the surrounding breasts.
	Rand needed both hands to get a firm grip on one of the
black woman's breasts. Lifting it to her mouth, she reached out
with her tongue and licked along the edge of the large aureole,
then touched on the nipple.  Her mouth then closed on the
nipple, sucking at it, then biting it just enough to send 
ripples though Uhura.  A soft moan from her new lover brought a smile
to the blonde woman's face.
	Janice continued to feast on that ebony delight, then
moved over to it's twin.  Whichever breast was denied the warm
embrace of he mouth was rewarded with the soft touch of her
hand.  She alternating Between the two for a few minutes,
feeling the nipples grow harder with each sucking.
	As she laid back and enjoyed the attention given her
breasts, Uhura had reached up under Janice's red skirt and
traced the outline of her womanhood. To her surprise, the
young woman was bare beneath her skirt, neither panties or
vaginal hair impeded her fingers access inside of her.
	Janice sighed loudly as she felt Uhura's fingers enter her.
First one, then a second, finally a third dark finger filled 
her
deep crevice, stroking the small clit they found there.
	With each passionate breath, Uhura slid her fingers in
and out, coating them with a steady supply of lubricant.  
Janice meanwhile was still feasting on those beautiful chocolate
mounds, trying to take more of them into her mouth with each
attempt.
	Finally Uhura lifted her head and told her to get out of
her uniform --- which she did in record time.  Nyota used the
time to also rid herself of any remaining clothing, and they 
both dropped nude to the carpeted floor.
	She kissed Janice again, feeling the fire in her young
body.  She moved down and now gave Rand's small pink
nipples the same loving attention her own had received.  Her
more experienced tongue sent electric sparks up and down the
younger woman's moist flesh, as she pushed both small breasts
together and sucked on both nipples at once.
	They then moved to a sixty-nine position, so that each
might pleasure the other.  Janice found Nyota's mound covered
with a dark hairy main, hair covered with bright droplets of
precum.  With a flourish of her tongue she dove right it,
smearing the juices across her face.  Pulling the cunt lips 
open with one hand, she slid two fingers in and finger-fucked Uhura
as she continued to lick with abandon.
	Uhura was already getting her fill of girljuice having
already used her fingers on Rand's hairless pink cunt.  Her
tongue scooped out the precious honey as she pressed it deeper
and deeper. The deeper she sent the louder the moans of the
woman atop her.
	Not to be outdone, Janice increased the speed of her
activities, taking Uhura's swollen clit into her mouth again 
and again.  Now it was her senior officer's turn to moan loudly.
	Time lost all meaning as both women lost themselves in
the other's valley of delight.  Every stroke caused the 
pressure to build in each of them, rising to an explosive climax.  Cum
smeared faces continued to dive deeper and deeper into the
other's sexual center as their body's shook with anticipation. 
it was impossible to tell who came first, each felt the other's 
body stiffen and they held each other as tight as they could.  Both
buried their faces between the other's legs as they unleashed a
torrid of girlcum, more than either could hope to swallow.
	After a few minutes their breathing slowed enough to
speak. Panted breath spoke words if mutual love, and a
happiness that they had consummated that love.  Janice shifted
her position and came up so they were now face to face.
	They kissed again, this time softly. Repeating the kiss
over and over, as they moved about each other's face and kissed
it clean.
	Finally fell asleep in each other's arms, and they both
dreamed of the day when they would again be together.

END 
