The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




From Ole.Joe@poboxes.com Thu Apr 10 16:05:45 1997
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: My Great Uncle Ch 1-3  (Mf inc pedo)
From: Ole.Joe@poboxes.com (Ole Joe)
Date: Thu, 10 Apr 1997 21:05:45 GMT

~Subject: Repost:MY GREAT UNCLE 1-3/3(Mf,cons,yng)
~From: an123668@anon.penet.fi (The Wayward One)

                         * * * * * * * *
                          MY GREAT UNCLE
                            Chapter One

   Uncle David was baby-sitting me tonight. Personally, I thought
I was getting a little old to really need a sitter-after all, I
turned 10 almost two months ago-but I didn't mind when it was him.
He usually brought along a movie to watch, something my mom and dad
wouldn't let me rent at the store and I had told him secretly to
bring along. Once I asked him to bring "Dawn Of The Dead", but he
said I wasn't old enough for one THAT scary yet. That made me want
to see it even more, so I kept pestering him until he finally
brought it. It was about walking dead people eating LIVING people,
and after watching ten minutes I was closing my eyes and telling
him to turn it off, it was so gross. He never said "I told you so"
or anything, and after that I trusted him when it came to movies.
Tonight he brought "Aliens". While most of my girl friends liked
stupid teenage love-type movies, I liked sci-fi movies with awesome
special-effects, like "Terminator", or "Star Wars". I don't know if
that made me a tom-boy or not, but I didn't care, and neither did
my Uncle David.

   Uncle David was real old -I think he's 35 or something- but he
was always a lot of fun. He had a mustache and a short beard, brown
hair, and he was medium-build. Whenever he came over he seemed to
pay more attention to me than to my parents! Ever since I was real
little I'd climb into his lap while he talked with my mom and dad
and demand to be tickled. Then he'd start tickling me all over,
sometimes pulling my shirt out of my pants so he could tickle my
skin. I'd scream and yell for him to stop, but he wouldn't until I
said "uncle", and then he'd start all over again. My dad would say,
"Rita, Uncle David didn't come over just to tickle you, ya know. "
And Uncle David would say, "Sure I did! You don't think I'm here to
see you, do ya?"(meaning my dad). That made me feel kinda special.
He could play Nintendo pretty good too, sometimes even beating me
at a few games. He was kinda like a big brother to me. Maybe it's
because he isn't married. I don't think he even had any girl
friends, which was OK by me since I didn't want anyone else taking
his time away from me.

   After my folks left he told me to get into my pajamas and he
started making some popcorn for the movie. I went into my room and
pulled off all my clothes, putting on my pajama bottoms. As I sat
there looking down at my chest I noticed that my nipples seemed to
be sticking out further than ever before. I also noticed that the
flesh under them was starting to get puffier and it even sort of
tingled when I touched it. I thought about not putting on a shirt
top like usual, but Mom had told my the last time that I had been
"topless" when Uncle David was here, that I should always have a
top on when men were around. I asked her why and she said that soon
I would be growing up and my chest should be covered from men's or
boy's eyes, to avoid "bad" thoughts. I didn't see why since at that
time my tiny breasts had only just started to protrude from my
small chest frame, and I didn't think *my* breasts would inspire
"bad" thoughts, or any other kind, in anybody. I wondered what
Uncle David would think about these little nubs poking out from my
chest, and the idea excited me. Besides Uncle David didn't seem to
care if I was bare-chested or not before, s o no shirt. Uncle David
would always rub me when I snuggled next to him and I didn't want
a shirt to be in the way. It was warm in the house anyway.

   Uncle David looked me up and down when I came into the kitchen.
"No shirt?" he asked.

   "Nah, It's too hot in here. "

   "Suit yourself. That'll just make it easier for me to tickle
you," he said, grinning at me.

   "You know, I think my little tom-boy is starting to grow up, now
that I see you up close." he said to me.

   "Why, what makes you say that?" I said, with a grin ear-to-ear.

   "Well, I don't think you had... THESE!" he replied, and quickly
squeezed both of my nipples with his finger tips.

   "Oh, Uncle David, you know I've always had my nipples," I
replied.

   "Yes, but not this with much skin underneath. Don't tell me you
haven't noticed that they are a little different." he said, as he
continued to roll the nipples around with his fingers.

   "Yeah, they really feel kinda tingly, sometimes when I touch 'em
when I'm in the bath tub. But right now they really feel tingly,
and kinda nice, when you touch 'em. Why is that?" I asked.

   "That's because you are growing up, like I told you. And soon
you'll be like all the other teenagers, trying to impress all the
guys in school."

   "Not me, Uncle David, you're the only guy I want to impress," I
told him, and as soon as I said I must have turned three shades of
red in my embarrassment. But Uncle David was so cool, he just
released my nipples and hugged me to him with all his might, and I
knew he was the best uncle in the world.

   We went over to the stove, and started on our snacks for the
night. The smell of popcorn popping always makes my mouth water,
and Uncle David made the best popcorn of anyone I knew. He was
shaking the pot with one hand and he put the other on my shoulder,
rubbing up and down my back. When the popcorn was finished he
salted and buttered it and said, "Why don't you get some cans of
pop and I'll take this to the TV room. "

   "OK, "I said, going to the fridge. After what Uncle David had
said, and the way my little titties had felt when he played with
them, I was starting to see how being bare on top *could* be sexy.
I'd never even thought about that before, about anything about me
being sexy...

   When I got to the TV room Uncle David had already started the
tape, fast-forwarding through all the beginning crap. He had told
me before that he would only show me these movies as long as I
didn't start talking like they did; you know, swearing and cussing
and saying the F-word. Uncle David said only people with a small
vocabulary swore all the time, because they couldn't think of
anything more intelligent to say instead.

   I sat down on the couch beside him and gave him his pop, as the
movie started. He put his arm around me, hugging me close, as we
munched away on the popcorn, watching "Aliens".

   I was really getting into the movie; that Ripley is one tough
lady! The popcorn was gone and Uncle David had put the bowl on the
floor. "Rita, get up a minute so I can lay down. "

   "OK, "I said, standing up and then laying down beside him. He
was on his side, holding his head up with one hand, and I was on my
back.

   I put my hands behind my head on the pillow, hoping he would rub
my belly and my chest again. And sure enough, he put his hand on
me, slowly rubbing my tummy and then coming back to my nipples. I
don't know, I feel funny calling these titties, but I guess they
are, or will be some day. And besides Uncle David sure seemed to
like them, no matter how small they were. He was going over my
chest, making me feel real good again, and then down to my
belly-button. His hand was soft, and it felt good on my skin. I
think maybe it felt as good to him as it did to me! Sometimes he
would go back and rub over my titties, making them get all
goose-bumpy. It felt so good I started to feel something warm and
tingly in my vagina area! This was really something new, and at
first I thought I had to go pee. I put my hand down in my lap, and
since it was dark while we were watching TV, I don't think he could
see it. When I touched myself down there I really did think I was
going to pee, because it was warm and tingled just like when I have
to pee. I was a little embarrassed and afraid he would notice if I
moved my hand around too much. Uncle David pretended not to notice,
but I could see him looking at my lap once in a while. I wondered
what it would feel like if he rubbed me DOWN THERE, too, but I
didn't know how to tell him it was OK and I was afraid of what he
might think. I know you're not supposed to let anyone touch your
private parts, but I still wanted him to. I'd let Uncle David touch
me anywhere. I reached down and unsnapped the top button on my
pj's, trying to give him a hint, and his fingers went just under my
waistband, going below my belly-button and over my hips. He was
only an inch away from my cunny (that's what mommy calls it when
I'm in the tub), but he still didn't touch it. Maybe he didn't want
to because HE was afraid of what *I* would think! Uncle David
woulda said it was a waddyacallit, a di. . . a dil. . . a dilemma,
I think that's what it's called, anyway. I didn't know what to do
about it, though.

    When the movie was over Uncle David said it was time for bed.
Naturally I complained, even though I was tired. It was already way
past my bed-time; Uncle David always let me stay up late. He didn't
listen to me though. Instead he picked me up and tossed me over his
shoulder, carrying me to my room and pinching my butt along the
way, making me scream and wiggle. He threw me on the bed and pinned
me down with my arms spread out and my legs hanging over the edge
as he got on his knees between them and yelled, "SMOOCH ATTACK!!"
and started kissing me all over; this was something we did every
time he came over, and I loved it, even though I yelled for him to
stop. I guess I might be getting a little old for this stuff, but
it was still fun and Uncle David seemed to like it, too. He kissed
my nose, eyes, mouth, neck, smooching real fast everywhere, going
from one spot to the next like a bird pecking at something. Then he
started kissing my chest and belly, and my underarms, his beard and
mustache making me giggle even more when it tickled my skin. He
would even kiss my titties! I'm sure he must have kissed me there
in the past, but I'm also sure I never felt like this when he did!
I was laughing and trying to get away but he had me pinned. My pj's
had slid down my hips a little and he started kissing my hip bones,
then going back to my belly just above my cunny.

   When he figured I had had enough he let me go and I crawled into
bed. I sat up and opened my arms for a hug and a kiss, and when
Uncle David hugged me this time I kissed him on the mouth, putting
my lips on his and holding them there, instead of the quick kiss I
usually gave him. I decided to be daring; I opened my mouth a
little, like I'd seen people do it on TV, and after a second he
opened his mouth, too, and his hands started rubbing my back and
sides, holding me tight. My cunny got tingly and warm all over
again and I was breathing fast as we kissed and I wondered if this
was what it meant to be "turned on". When we stopped Uncle David
was breathing fast too, and I thought he liked it as much as I did.

   "Wow!" he said, looking surprised. "That was some kiss!"

   "Did you like it?" I asked, hoping he wasn't upset.

   "Sure, I liked it. Just don't ever try kissing your Mom like
that!"

   I giggled. "No way!" I loved my mom but that was different,
somehow.

   Then he put me down and tucked me in, looking at me like he was
trying to decide something. Finally, he asked, "Did you know
there's going to be a lunar eclipse next weekend?"

   "Really? Can you bring your telescope over? I've never seen an
eclipse before." He had a really cool telescope. Sometimes he
brought it here and would set it up in our back yard, showing me
all kinds of neat stuff until my mom or dad called me in for bed.
"Uh, well, I was thinking maybe you'd like to come over to my place
and spend the night, if you want. I'm sure your folks wouldn't
mind, if I asked them. "

   "Yeah, that'd be great!" I'd never been to his house overnight
before.

   "OK. I'll tell your mom and dad and pick you up next Saturday.
How's that?"

   I hugged him. "I love you Uncle David." It didn't sound mushy
saying it to him.

   "I love you to, kiddo. Now go to sleep before your folks get
home and you get me in trouble for being up so late. "

   I rolled over onto my stomach, knowing that he would rub my back
until I was asleep. "Uncle David?", I said, as he started
massaging.

   "Yes?"

   "Are you my dad's brother or my mom's?" I had never been able to
figure this out.

   "You mean you never asked anyone before?" I shook my head no.

   "Well, actually, I'm not related to either one. "

   This was a surprise. "Then how can you be my uncle?" I asked,
sitting up again so I could see him.

   "Well, your parents and I have been good friends since before
you were born. When you came along I kind of became your honorary
uncle, and you were like my adopted niece. I'm an only child like
you, so I can't ever be anyone's 'blood' uncle; but if I could I'd
want a girl just like you for a niece. "He stopped, looking at me.
"I hope this doesn't mean you're gonna stop calling me 'Uncle' "

   I thought about it. It seemed to me the fact that he WANTED to
be my uncle made him all the more special. I hugged him again.
"Don't worry Uncle David. You'll always be my 'uncle'. "

   "Good. That makes me happy. Now go to sleep before I tickle you
into unconsciousness, "he said, poking my ribs.

   "OK, OK. Rub my back?"

   "Of course. "

   "G'night, Uncle David. Thanks. "

   "Good night, Rita. Sleep tight. "I fell asleep with his hand
going softly over my back, and my backside, dreaming about next
weekend.

                         * * * * * * * *
                          MY GREAT UNCLE
                           CHAPTER TWO

    I didn't think the weekend would ever get here but finally it
was Saturday and Uncle Dave was picking me up. My mom put some
clean underwear, socks, a shirt, and my pajamas in a bag, giving me
a kiss on my cheek, and off we went. I was really excited; I'd
never seen a lunar eclipse before. I'd never spent the night with
Uncle Dave before, either. I hoped he'd let me sleep with him.

   On the way to his house I sat right next to him, begging him to
let me drive. Since we were on a back road he said OK. I was
thrilled! My dad never let me do this! Uncle Dave said I was pretty
good, too. He had his arm all the way around me, and his hand was
on my bare leg(my dress had ridden halfway up my thighs). He always
seemed to be touching me, somewhere. I liked it, though.

   When we got to his place it was still a coupla hours before
night so we played games on his Nintendo. He's the only grown-up I
know that has one. Just before dark he fixed some spaghetti and
meatballs for dinner, and after that he got out his telescope,
leaving the dirty dishes in the sink. His house was kinda messy,
kind of like my room at home. Like I said before, he's like a big
kid, with no one to tell him to pick up after himself. That was
fine by me.

   I helped him carry his telescope lenses and filters outside,
while he took the telescope. I think it weighed more than I did, it
was so big. Even the tripod was taller than me. While he set it up
I went back inside for a chair to stand on. When I came back out he
had everything ready to go.

   "When does the eclipse start?"I asked.

   "In about an hour. What do you want to look at while we wait?"

   "How about Saturn?" That was my favorite. You could actually see
the rings around it!

   "OK, but you have to point it out, first." He thought he had me.
I looked up at the stars, finally seeing what I thought was Saturn.
It was in the right place, anyway.

   "Right there, "I said, pointing.

   "Hmmm. OK, what constellation is it in?"

   "Saggitarius. The Teapot." I couldn't help smirking at him.

   "Think your smart, huh?" he said, grinning back.

   "You're the one that taught me!"

   "I guess there's no one to blame but myself, then. OK, let's get
Saturn in here."

   We spent the next hour looking at Saturn, a few nebulae, and
open star clusters, until I noticed the moon seemed to be getting
smaller. It had been full, but now a small edge was dark. I pointed
this out to Uncle Dave, afraid that we'd miss it, but he explained
that it would take a while for the whole moon to dissapear.

   We started watching it through the telescope, Uncle Dave letting
me aim it and focus it-he trusted me to be careful. You could
actually see the earth's shadow moving slowly across the craters!
The whole time Uncle Dave was explaining what caused an eclipse,
while I asked questions. He never talked to me like I was a dumb
little kid, the way most grown-ups do. And most grown-ups think
little girls should only be interested in dolls. I think he liked
teaching me, and I liked learning from him.

   When the moon was almost totally gone he said that in ancient
times people thought some kind of god or space beast was eating the
moon; I could see why. It was kind of spooky. We didn't wait for it
to come all the way back out again since it was after midnight, and
I was yawning. We packed everything up and went back inside.

   "Time for bed, Rita," said Uncle Dave, tossing me my bag.
"Here's your pajamas. You can use the bathroom down the hall to
change. "

   "Are you going to bed, too?"

   "Yes, I'm going to bed too, "he said. "It's late. "

   "Can I sleep with you?"I asked, looking at the floor. I hoped
he'd say yes.

   "Sure you can. I'd like that. Now get your pj's on. "

   "All right! "I said, smiling at him as I ran to bathroom. I
stripped naked, pulling on my pajama pants and leaving the shirt in
the bag, the thought of actually sleeping with him getting me
tingly and warm again as I decided, no matter what, tonight he was
going to rub me EVERYWHERE.

   I ran into his bedroom to see him in his underpants, opening the
bed. "Don't you wear pajamas?"I asked.

   "Nah. Usually I don't wear anything, but since you're here I
figured I better wear these." I didn't know if he was serious or
teasing me, but I turned around and went back to the bathroom,
taking off my pj bottoms and putting on my underpanties. I wanted
to have on just what he had on.

   He didn't say anything when I came back, but I saw him look at
the little crease my cunny made under my panties, as I pulled them
up tight. I hoped he didn't think I was bad or anything. I climbed
into bed and Uncle Dave turned out the light, climbing in beside
me. The moon was almost full again and shining through the window,
and I could still see him. I could smell his aftershave lotion,
too..he smelled good. I snuggled up next to him and he put his arm
around me, with my head on his shoulder. Then all of sudden he
started tickling me! He tickled my butt, my sides, ribs, my hips;
he knew all of my ticklish spots, like he had a map or something.
I was screaming and wriggling, trying to get away-but still LIKING
it-when he grabbed me in his arms and rolled onto his back, taking
me with him and knocking the covers off, so that I was on my back
on top of him. Then he gave me a bear-hug, squeezing the breath out
of me-but being careful not to hurt me-and tickling me some more.
Finally, when I was out of breath he quit, letting me lay there on
top of him.

   "You can rub my belly, if you like," I said, putting my arms up
over my head on the pillow and stretching out.

   He didn't say anything, but his hands started going slowly up
and down from my chest to my underpanties, rubbing softly over my
skin and making me shiver. His fingers played with my titties,
making them get all stiff, and then going down over my stomach. My
cunny was really feeling funny now up under my shorts but his hands
only went as far as my waistband. It was like having an itch that
he wouldn't scratch. I didn't see anything wrong with him touching
me there if I WANTED him to, so I decided to take a chance. I
lifted my butt, pulled down my underpants and took them off,
tossing them on the floor. "There, "I said, "that's much better. "I
stretched back out on top of him, my bare and hairless little cunny
spread out for him to touch. I only hoped I hadn't ruined
everything.

   Uncle Dave was quiet, like he was thinking, and then his hands
started rubbing me again. This time they kept going down, over
where my panties had covered, over my belly and hips, and then down
my legs almost to my knees. Then he brought his hands back up,
going over the inside of my legs, and then his fingers went real
softly over the skin right next to my cunny, and then I felt one of
his fingers slide quickly over my slit. It felt like a spider-going
all the way back up to my neck. Then he did it again, going slowly
up and down my naked body; sometimes stopping to rub my titties, or
my belly, or my crotch, and I stretched out as much as I could on
top of him, spreading my legs wide so he could rub me everywhere.

   Just when I thought it couldn't feel any better I felt one of
his fingers slid across my cunny again but this time it didn't move
away. And as he stroked up and down inside my slit, I felt myself
getting wet down there and again I thought I was going to pee.
Somehow I didn't though, and he kept it up, sliding it around and
getting me wetter.

   "Ooooh, that feels GOOD! ", I said.

   "Is this what you want me do?"

   "Oh yes! Please don't stop. I like it! "I could feel his penis
under my butt. "Your penis is stiff, isn't it. " "Yes, it is. It's
called an erection, in case you didn't know. "

   His fingers went slowly up and down my cunny, making me moan,
wishing he would pushh it in further. His other hand was playing
with my titties, one finger rubbing the nipple making it oh so
hard. That felt good, too!

   I figured out how to use the muscles in my crotch to sort of
make his finger sink in a little more each time he stroked it,
making it feel it even better. It had never felt this good when I
played with myself in the bath-tub!

   Uncle Dave kept going slowly over my pussy, and I started
pushing my hips up, spreading my thighs even wider, and it was
feeling better and better each time. I was pushing my pussy up more
and more into his finger, going faster and faster, actually
grunting, when all of sudden it felt like I had to pee or
something, and the next thing I knew I was jerking and yelling on
top of him and it felt like jolts of electricity were going all
through my body, going on and on until I was almost scared, it felt
so good! Finally it stopped, and I was breathing fast as I rolled
off of my uncle. It felt like I really had peed! His fingers and my
pussy were so slippery.

   "Gosh, what happened?! Did something break inside of me?"I was
amazed at how good it had felt.

   "It's called an orgasm, "explained Uncle Dave. "Nothing broke.
It's completely normal. When you're older and you have an orgasm,
or climax, sperm comes out. An orgasm is just about the best thing
you can give to someone you love very special. Did you like it?"

                         * * * * * * * *
                          MY GREAT UNCLE
                             CHAPTER 3

     When I woke up I was all tangled up with my Uncle. My head was
on his  shoulder, my arm was over his chest, my leg was over his
belly, and his  hand was still rubbing gently on my nipples, like
he hadn't slept at all.  Then when his hand rubbed over my butt I
realized I wasn't wearing any  underpants, and I was kinda
surprised, but then I remembered last night.  I rolled over on my
back, stretching, and his hand rubbed over my ribs  and then down
to my pussy, tickling inside it.

    "Morning, sleepy head!" he said.

    "Morning," I mumbled. My mom said I wasn't a 'morning' person.
"What time  is it?"

   "Almost 10 o'clock."

    "How long have you been awake?"

    "Oh. . . a while. I kind of liked having you sprawled all over
me, so I  didn't wake you up." He was still playing with my pussy,
and I was  starting to get excited.

    "I'm hungry," I said, getting up. "What's for breakfast?"

    "Cereal, toast, milk-you know, the usual breakfast stuff."

    I threw a pillow at him and he grabbed me, turning me over on
my stomach,  and started spanking my bottom. Not real hard, but
making me yell and try  to get away. "Oooh, STOP, I have to PEE!"
I yelled. He let me go and I  got up and went to the bathroom. I
sat down on the toilet seat and  started peeing. It made a loud
sound in the toilet and when I heard Uncle  Dave come in I was
suddenly embarrassed.

   "Don't be embarrassed, I think its pretty sexy watching you pee.
I think anything you do is sexy." Wow, Uncle Dave could really make
me feel good about myself. I smiled up at him, and he smiled back.
I finished and went into the kitchen, looking for breakfast. I
didn't feel like getting dressed yet; it felt good walking around
naked, and I knew Uncle Dave wouldn't mind. I found the
cereal(Cheerios)and the milk, but I couldn't reach the bowls. Uncle
Dave came in and got them down. He hadn't gotten dressed, either.

    When we finished we put all the dirty dishes in the sink. I
felt guilty  about making this mess for him to clean up. "I'll help
you do the dishes,  if you like." I smiled to myself as I thought
of what my mom would think  if she heard me say that.

    "Thanks," said Uncle Dave, "I guess we SHOULD clean up a
little."

    We did the dishes in the nude, having a water fight at the
sink, both of  us laughing at the suds all over. We cleaned up the
mess and Uncle Dave  said, "Since we're already wet, shall we take
a shower?"

    "You mean TOGETHER?" Gosh, he was full of surprises.

   "Sure! Why not?," he said, raising his eyebrows at me.

    "OK, I guess." This was turning into a good weekend! It was
like, now  that Uncle Dave knew that I REALLY loved him, we could
do ANYTHING  together. I was glad. He picked me up and I wrapped my
legs around him,  and his hand was feeling my butt again. We went
into the bathroom and he  put me down, turning on the water and
letting it get hot, and we climbed  in and pulled the curtain shut.

   "Will you let me wash you?," he asked.

    "OK," I answered, wondering what he'd do next. He kneeled down
in front  of me, and started rubbing the soap all over me, lifting
my arms and  cleaning under them, then going over my chest and my
belly. Then he took  the soap and started rubbing it over my
crotch, and when it got real  soapy he started rubbing with his
hand. It felt good and I started  getting excited and warm, and
then his other hand went up to my chest,  and his soapy fingers
swiped over my now-hard nipples. It sure felt good!  I looked down
and I could see that Uncle Dave's penis was stiff, which  meant
that he was getting excited, too.

    "You like touching me, don't you."

    "Yes, I do," he said. "I think you're beautiful and very sexy,
and  touching you makes me feel good."

    "You think I'm SEXY?!" I didn't know GIRLS could be sexy.
Especially as  young as me! His hands were still rubbing the soap
all over my crotch,  and my pussy -that's what I call it now- was
really tingling. I leaned my  tummy into him, relaxing.

    "To a guy like me you're VERY sexy. I think you're better
looking than  any grown woman you could show me. That doesn't
bother you, does it?"

    "No. . ." I was trying to understand. I turned around to look
at him, as  he put his hands on my hips. "Do you have any grown-up
girl friends?"

    "Not exactly. At least not right now. The last girl..or lady
friend I had  was about two months ago. But I stopped seeing her,
because she had a  little girl that was so cute, and I started
liking her daughter more than  I liked her. And I didn't think it
was fair to the mother in that case.."

   "So you like girls? I mean even little girls, like me?"

    "Yes, I do. I think girls like you are the sexiest creatures on
earth.  Unfortunately, I could get sent to jail for being a
'little-girl lover',  so we can't tell anyone."

    "Gosh, why could they put you in JAIL?!" I didn't think he was
doing  anything wrong.

   "Because it's against the law for a grown-up to have sex with a
kid, like we've been doing. People would say you're too young to
understand what was going on, or that I had forced you into it. It
doesn't matter what YOU think, or that you said it was OK for me to
touch you."

    What a dumb world this is! I mean, what's wrong with us making
each other  feel good if we both say it's OK? I think the world
would better off if  kids were running it. We know what really
MATTERS.

    "Don't worry, Uncle Dave," I said, hugging him under the
shower." I  wouldn't ever do anything to get you in trouble."

    "Thanks Rita. I know I can trust you. I wish I COULD tell the
whole world  how much I love you."

    I kissed him. I didn't care if we were breaking any dumb old
laws. Then I  thought of something. "Do you do this with any other
girls?" I asked. I  felt, I dunno, jealous I guess, thinking he
might love someone else, too.

    "I've only dreamt about doing this," he answered. "You're the
first and  only. I was always afraid of trying to get to know a
girl like you,  because somebody might have found out. When you
unsnapped you're pj  bottom's last weekend, it was the hardest
thing I ever did to stop myself  from touching you down there."

    "Why didn't you? I WANTED you to."

    "I was afraid of what you might think."

    "I wanted to tell you it was OK but I was afraid of what YOU
would  think," I said. I was right, it HAD been a dilemma. We
smiled happily at  each other, glad that everything was OK now. We
finished taking our  shower (my fingers were all wrinkly, we'd been
in the water so long) and  Uncle Dave dried me off, like I was a
real little kid. I didn't mind,  though, now that I knew he liked
touching me so much. After he dried  himself off we went into the
bedroom. "You promised you'd give me another  orgasm," I reminded
him. I wanted to very much, now that I knew how much  fun it was.

    "Yeah, I did," he said. He took me over to the side of the bed
and I laid  down on my back, with my legs hanging over the edge, so
he could rub me  all over, like last night. He got down on his
knees, and I spread my legs  so he could get between them. Then he
grabbed my arms and stretched me  out, and I thought he was gonna
yell "Smooch attack!" but instead he  said, "Can I kiss you like we
did last weekend?"

    "OK," I grinned, opening my mouth a little. He kissed me with
his mouth  open, too, and then I felt his tongue in my mouth! It
felt weird, at  first, but I thought it was neat. We kissed with
our tongues for a while,  and it made my pussy feel all warm and
good again. His leg was in between  my legs, and I started rubbing
my crotch against him. Then he started  kissing my titties! It was
like a "smooch attack", but he was doing it  real slow, and even
using his tongue, making my nipples get stiff, too,  as he took
turns sucking on them. I had my eyes closed, really getting  into
it, when he started kissing my belly, and poking his tongue down my 
belly-button, making me giggle. Then he REALLY surprised me. He
moved his  face down between my legs and kissed my pussy! He had
let go of my arms,  and I sat up on my elbows.

    "Gosh, isn't that DIRTY?" I mean, Jeez, I PEED down there!"

    "No, it's not dirty. I just washed it, remember?"

    "Yeah, but. . ." That wasn't what I meant, really. Oh well. "I
guess I  don't mind if you don't," I said, laying back down. He
started kissing it  again, real soft, and then he started licking
inside the slit. It felt  real naughty, but I liked it. He stuck
his tongue as far in as he could  get it, and then he started
sucking on it, and I could feel his tongue  moving all around it,
making me shiver. He was going slowly up and down  my slit, and his
hands came up and rubbed over my titties. I couldn't  help moaning,
it felt so GOOD. I was pushing my mound up against his  mouth, when
I felt his tongue touch something else down there, that felt 
better than anything before. It was like he had found a new part of
my  body, right above my pussy hole, and it was the most intense
feeling I  ever had. Just then I felt an orgasm coming, and when it
did I yelled  out, and my whole body was jerking under my uncle.

    When it stopped, Uncle Dave came up and kissed me. "How was
that?" he  asked.

    "GREAT! It was even better than the first one!" I gave him a
hug." I  didn't think anybody could feel that good!"

    "That's wonderful. I'm happy that I could be the first to do
that for  you. I think you discovered your 'clitoris' for the first
time." So  that's what that new feeling was. Wow, this discovery
was going to be  great!

    I said I wanted to make him have a great orgasm too, and then
he had me  lay on top of him, with his big penis in between us. It
was so hard, and  it felt like it was already wet. And then he
started rubbing his penis  against the outside of my pussy and
before long I felt his penis  throbbing on my slit and then he had
the biggest orgasm he's had yet.  After he was finished I rolled
over and he let me rub it for him, and  then he said it was time to
bring me back home. We got dressed, I combed  my hair, and we went
out to the car. Uncle Dave let me drive a little bit  on the way
back, with me sitting on his lap.

    When we got to my house my mom asked if I'd had a good time.
"Yeah!" I  said. "It was great!" I don't think I'd EVER had a
better weekend! I  thought I was luckiest kid in the world. EVERY
girl should have an Uncle  Dave! ! ! !

   

   

   

   

    THE END  


