Copyright © 1997, (Double Secret Author),  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.








"Uncle's Lessons"

Written by: (Double Secret Author)


	Susie Bostick was excited about visiting her uncle and her 
cousins. It was the first time that the slender six year old had been away 
from home by herself. Her Daddy had dropped her off on his way to a 
business conference, and would pick her up at the end of the week. Now 
she was about to go swimming with her uncle.		
	He was standing in the shallow end of the pool when she came 
along. She jumped in and they splashed each other for a few minutes 
and then she climbed out and stood on the side. John Bostick looked up 
at his little niece. Her thin bathing suit clung to her small body,  and he 
could see the prominent swelling of her vulva. The suit followed the 
bulge of her cunny lips and the vertical hollow in between them. His cock 
started to get hard as he looked at the little girl. "If you want I'll help you to 
learn to swim," he offered, "You get in and I'll support you while you kick 
your legs and move your arms." 
	Susie jumped in and her uncle picked her up and held her 
horizontal in the water with a hand under her chest. She tried kicking but 
her legs sank. "This isn't working," said John, "I'll have to use two hands - 
is that OK, Susie?" Susie nodded and he picked her up again, this time 
putting his other hand under the lower part of her stomach. "Now, kick!" 
he said, and she kicked and splashed with her arms as he encouraged 
her. At the same time he let her gradually slip farther along on his hand, 
loving the smoothness of her small belly and even more, the feel of the 
firm bulge of her cunny mound. The palm of his hand supported the 
child's cunny and his fingers cupped the bulge at her crotch, his thumb 
sinking in between the lips of her cunny slit and the tip right at the bottom 
of her slit, in between her legs, as far as the thin bathing suit would let it 
go. 
	After a few minutes Susie's leg kicks became more erratic and she 
made  thrusting movements with her pelvis, faster and faster. John 
realized she was rubbing her cunny against his hand and held it so it 
was easier for the little girl to masturbate herself against him. Suddenly 
she stopped moving and shivered, her face red, then relaxed and sighed.  
"Finished swimming?" asked her uncle. "I guess so," replied the little girl, 
spreading her legs apart a little more and  paddling slowly up and down, 
moving her cunny against his hand. "I like it when you hold me up and I 
swim, Uncle John. It feels really nice." "We can do it any time you want to, 
honey," said her uncle, still pretending he was holding her up while he 
felt between her legs. Then John's daughter and son joined them, and 
the children went away and played together while John got out of the 
pool and lay in the sun.
	That evening Susie was relaxing in a hot bath. As she rubbed the 
cake of soap lazily over her belly she remembered how lovely it had felt 
that afternoon when she was practising swimming with her uncle. She 
looked down at the bulge of her cunny mound and rubbed the soap over 
it, and a shiver went through her. She spread her legs and pressed her 
hand against her cunny the way her uncle had, and it felt nice, so she did 
it some more, rubbing that place at the top of her little cunny that felt so 
good. She felt all over inside her crack with both hands and touched her 
pee hole and the little lips inside the thick ones, until her hips began to 
bounce up and down faster and faster. The nice feeling was coming 
again! She thought about her good-looking uncle and how strong his 
hand had been, while she rubbed her slit. The nice feeling got nicer and 
nicer until she felt all funny and weak, just like she had that afternoon. 
The little girl relaxed in the bath again with a sigh and caught her breath.
	Next morning Susie was in her room looking for her bathing suit 
when her handsome uncle John came in. "Susie, here's something I got 
for you as a little 'welcome' gift," he said, handing her a package. The 
pretty child squealed with delight and opened the package her uncle had 
given her. "A new bathing suit! Oh Uncle John, it's such a lovely colour of 
yellow!" she cried. "I'll turn my back while you put it on," he said, turning 
to face the wall. 
	The little girl didn't notice that her horny uncle was looking in the 
small mirror and could see her as she undressed. He watched Susie as 
she took her dress off and stood  in her underwear, her cunny mound 
bulging out of her underpants. She pulled them down and John loved the 
sight of the child's hairless vulva, the fat lips on their prominent mound 
and the slit between them. She sat on the bed to pull on the new bathing 
suit and John saw the pink gash widen as she lifted one leg, then the 
other. She stood up again to pull it up but John had purposely bought a 
small size and the little girl had difficulty. He pretended to hear her efforts 
and turned around. The bathing suit had stuck halfway up her thighs, just 
below her little slit. "Are you having trouble, honey?" he asked. 
	 "Oh, Uncle John, it's so tight!" she said. "Maybe I'd better help 
you," he offered and knelt in front of his young niece, his face right in front 
of the hairless lips of her vulva. Susie was so preoccupied with her efforts 
that she forgot her uncle could see her naked private parts. The horny 
man stared at his niece's cunny slit as she tried to wiggle the suit up her 
legs. Suddenly she looked down, blushed and turned half away. "Oh 
Uncle John!" she said, "You can see my ...my...my," "Your what, honey?" 
asked her uncle. "My pee place - my trickle! And my bum, too!" she 
spluttered. "That's OK, honey," he said, patting her shoulder and letting 
his hand slide down to caress her back, "You have a lovely little trickle, 
and a nice bum too. Besides, you're forgetting that I have a little girl your 
age - I know all about little girls' trickles, and where their pee comes out. I 
know you have a little pee hole inside your little crack here, and that's 
where your pee place is, isn't it?" Susie nodded and turned to face her 
uncle again. Her Daddy had never talked to her about her trickle like this. 
	"Maybe we should start over, honey," said John. "You sit on the 
bed and take the bathing suit right off one leg and we'll see how high we 
can get it on the other leg. Maybe if we get it most of the way you can put 
your other leg in and we can pull it all the way up." Susie sat on the bed 
and her uncle helped her pull the bathing suit down and off her left leg. 
"Now, honey, you put one leg on the floor and the other leg up on the bed 
so it won't get in ythe way, and I'll see if I can pull it up all the way on your 
right leg." Susie adopted the position as she was told, which spread her 
legs well apart and gave her uncle a good look inside the widely-
stretched cunny lips at her small inner lips, the hole of her urethra and 
her clitty under its folf of skin at the top. He held onto her bathing suit at 
the top and pulled it up most of the way, till the back of one hand rubbed 
against her naked cunny. He pretended to try to pull the bathing suit up 
while he stroked his hand back and forth against the child's vulva.
	"Oh Uncle John," she laughed, ".the back of your hand keeps 
bumping against my trickle. It feels funny - almost like you're rubbing it 
against my trickle!"  John laughed. "Does it, honey? What does it feel 
like?" he asked as he kept moving the back of his hand against the 
child's spread open vulva.  "Mmm, I don't know, sort of nice," she replied, 
"Sort of like when we were in the swimming pool and you were holding 
me up and I was swimming." "Oh, yes," he said, "But I was holding you 
like this then," and he turned his hand over and cupped her bare little 
cunny like he had in the pool, his thumb sinking into the child's slit. 
"Mmmm, yes!" sighed Susie,  wiggling her hips a little, "That's the way. I 
liked learning to swim with you, Uncle John. I wish we could do it now." 
"Well, we can practice," said her naughty uncle, "I'll sit here and you lie 
across my lap and I'll hold you up like I was doing in the pool and you 
can practise the way you move your legs. How's that?"  
	Susie nodded and got up from the bed. John sat down. "I guess 
we'd better take this bathing suit off," he said, "I'm sorry it's too small. I've 
got another one I'll show you tomorrow. "  "That's OK," said Susie. She 
stripped off her suit, hopped naked up on his lap and lay across it. John 
held his young niece as he had the previous day, and this time he could 
feel the smoothness of her hairless cunny against his hand. His thumb 
slid into the softness of her slit, and he moved it gently along her inner 
lips as her juices flowed out of her small cunny hole. She wiggled around 
again and rubbed her cunny against him, faster and faster until she 
jerked and went rigid, then relaxed.  "Finished, honey?" he asked gently, 
lifting her off and lying her down on the bed on her back. "Mmmm," she 
replied, unconsciously parting her legs a little, "That was nice, Uncle 
John. It feels so nice when you help me swim - even without water."  
	John looked at his niece lying on her bed, her cunny slit wet with 
her juices, and then at his thumb. "My, my," he said, "My thumb is all wet. 
Now where do you suppose that came from?"  Susie didn't know, so her 
uncle suggested, "You spread your legs some more, honey, and I'll see if 
I can see where it's coming from." 
	The trusting little girl opened her legs wide for her horny uncle and 
he knelt in between them, his head close to the child's splayed open 
vulva. He began by touching the little bump of her clitoris and gently 
peeling back its hood with two fingers to expose the clitty itself.  Holding it 
back, he gently touched the small piece of flesh with the tip of a finger, 
making the little girl writhe with delight. Susie felt for her clitoris and 
experimented, rubbing it different ways and John watched his niece 
learning how to masturbate. When she came she shivered with delight 
and relaxed on the bed. Once she was still again her uncle resumed 
fondling her cunny. 
	He turned his attention to the six year old's inner lips and the hole 
they partly concealed.  Her uncle got a hand mirror and gave it to her so 
she could look into her crotch and see all the parts between her legs. The 
little lips and her vaginal passage glistened with her juices, and as they 
watched more dribbled out of the six year old child's vagina and down 
towards her bum.  She put her finger back at the opening her uncle was 
holding open and watched in the mirror as she sank a fingertip into her 
vagina for the very first time. "What's this hole for, Uncle John," she 
asked. "What doed it feel like to put your finger in it, honey?" he replied. 
Susie probed further with her finger, slipping it up her small passage and 
moving it around. "It feels nice," she said finally, "I can feel my insides 
and it's all nice and warm inside me. It makes me want to put it in farther 
and keep playing with it." "Well, honey," said her uncle, "That's what it's 
for - to play with, to put things in and to make you feel nice, just like the 
little bump at the top of your trickle feels nice when you rub it, and your 
pee hole feels nice when you touch it. You can play with it whenever you 
want to!"
	Susie was so glad that her kindly uncle was helping her to learn 
about her body. Every time the cute child played with herself it felt better, 
and soon she liked nothing better than to sit watching TV with her legs 
spread wide apart and both hands tucked inside her underpants , 
touching all the parts that felt so nice. And her kind uncle showed her all 
sorts of other things she could do, too. 

Would you like me to tell you about them?















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....