From - Fri Jan 24 23:18:02 1997
Path: nntp.earthlink.net!mr.net!www.nntp.primenet.com!nntp.primenet.com!feed1.news.erols.com!insync!uunet!in1.uu.net!199.170.133.5!misery.millcomm.com!Dial-13
From: mccoyf@millcomm.com (Frank McCoy)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.incest,alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.incest
Subject: REPOST: UNCLE.TXT    43K "Fun with my Sister's kids" (Mf, cons, incest, pedo, preg)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: Fri, 24 Jan 97 03:04:21 GMT
Organization: Millennium Communications, Inc.
Lines: 845
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <5c992l$t0b@misery.millcomm.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dial-13.mpls.millcomm.com
X-Newsreader: News Xpress Version 1.0 Beta #1
Xref: nntp.earthlink.net alt.sex.incest:46684 alt.sex.stories:175536 alt.sex.stories.incest:13393



                    Fun with my Sister's kids
                         An Erotic Story

     Now I consider myself a pretty normal guy and, except for a
few stray times when I was younger, not particularly inclined to
do strange or risky things, especially when it comes to sex.  At
least that's how I felt, before my two nieces came over to visit
that weekend.
     My Name is Frank, and I am just a hair over 24 years old,
and I have a sister, Mary, who is 22.  My sister lives alone with
her two children, Cindy and June, who are 10 and 8 respectively.
I knew her husband had died, while I was in the service, and she
was still living alone when I got out.  There's nothing unusual
in that, and I love going over to visit my sister's house to
visit.  My two nieces are both so cute; it almost makes your
heart ache to look at them.  Whenever I go over to visit, the two
little girls always seem so happy to see me, that it almost made
me want to go out and get married myself, so I could have some of
my own, just like them.  For some reason, I never did though.
     Whenever Mary has problems, she always knows that I am
available to help, so when she got the call to go up the coast on
an assignment, she figured (rightly) that she could call me, and
ask me if I could help.  When Mary called, I was about to put the
finishing touches on my artwork that the company needed for
Monday's board meeting.  I told my sister, that I couldn't come
over there to babysit, but if the two little girls didn't mind,
they could come over to my place, and play in the pool, while I
finished working on my project.  I knew both children were
excellent swimmers, and they had been over before to swim, only
then, their mother had accompanied them.
     Mary told me, that would be fine, and she would be over to
pick them up, sometime after dinner, and could I please drop over
to her place to get them, as she had to be 50 miles up the coast,
in less than 2 hours, end she still had to get dressed.
     Thinking about my sister getting dressed, almost had me
sprouting a hard-on, as it had been several weeks since I had
gotten laid, but I told myself to "Settle down, those days are
past," or at least so I thought.  Still, as I drove the 6 blocks
over to my sister's house, I reminisced about the times when my
sister and I had been younger, and hadn't yet left home.  We had
done some wild things back in those days, that I still dreamed
about.
     Thus it was, that when I got to my sister's house, I was
carrying a hard-on that wouldn't go down, so that I was
embarrassed to get out of the car.  I was going to wait, to allow
my erection to subside, when Cindy and June came running out
excitedly yelling at each other.
     "Uncle Frank's here!" Yelled Cindy.
     "Swimming!  We get to go-o-o-swimming!" screeched June.
     The two little girls pulled open the car door; and grabbing
my arm, they pulled me out.  I grabbed a wriggling girl in each
arm, and hugged them both.  "Hi sprouts!" I said.  "Where's your
mother?"



                                1


     The two girls squirmed in my arms; their thin T-shirts
weren't keeping me from feeling the lively bodies underneath.
"Unh  Uuunnhh" They both panted, as they struggled (not very
hard) to get away.  "Mommy's coming," said Cindy, as I finally
let them go.  She leaned over and whispered to her little sister,
who started to giggle.
     "What's so funny?" asked Mary, answering my earlier
question, as she appeared in the doorway, carrying three bags,
and a briefcase.
     "Uncle Frank's got a hard-on!" blurted June, still giggling.
     My sister gave me a kind of half-smile, and said, "Oh
Frank."  Then she turned to her two offspring, and said, "You
shouldn't embarrass your uncle like that."  She must have noticed
that my ears were flaming red.  By now, my erection had wilted,
so that I felt as if I'd never be able to get it up again.
     Handing me two of the bags she was carrying, Mary said,
"Their swimsuits and towels are in the bag, plus a change of
clothes.  Though I'm not sure if I can trust you now, with two
sexy little girls, in swimsuits!"  Mary's smile showed that she
wasn't really worried, just pulling my leg.
     I watched as my sister locked up the house, threw her bag
and briefcase in her car, climbed in and with a final, "See you
about 8," roared off.  I looked down at the two little girls
grinning up at me, in their matching long red T-shirts.  "C'mon
sprouts," I said, "let's get this show on the road."
     Climbing into the car, both of the little girls climbed in
the front seat with me.  Since my old Cadillac has bench seats,
they both fit easily.  "Watch your knee!" I said, as I shifted
the car into reverse, and started backing out.  The feel of the
little girl's naked skin against my arm almost had my cock rising
again, but I forced myself to ignore it, and concentrated on my
driving, and the two youngsters in the car with me.  As I drove,
the girls started talking about how happy they were to see me,
and how much they liked to visit at my place, especially since
there was a pool at my apartment, and they could swim there, as
long as they wanted, without having to pay.
     Only part of my mind was on the girl's chatter, as I
answered their questions almost automatically, but occasionally,
I would look over at them as their talk became more personal.
     ". . . it was us that gave him the hard-on?"  My attention
was grabbed as June nudged her sister.  Cindy grinned, when she
noticed that I was listening.  "No," she said, "he already had it
when he got there.  That is, unless he was thinking about us on
the way."  My ears turned felt like they were on fire.  Trying
desperately to change the subject, I looked down at the T-shirts
the two little girls were wearing.  You could tell that neither
girl was wearing a bra underneath the shirt, and they were so
long, it almost looked as though they weren't wearing pants
underneath either.  I decided to mention this to them.








                                2


     "Uh girls," I said.
     "Yes, Uncle Frank," they chorused.
     "Those shirts.  Girls like you shouldn't wear those long
shirts.  At least, not unless you're wearing long pants or
something."
     "Oh, Why not?" they both asked innocently.
     "When girls like you wear long shirts like that, Horny old
men like me, look at you, and imagine that you don't have
anything on underneath them.  You're liable to give some poor guy
a heart-attack," I kidded them.
     At this, both girls broke into loud giggles, and snickers.
     "Oh Uncle Frank!" said June.  "That's the Idea!  It's so
cute to watch some of the boys, as they try to sneak a peek up
under your shirt, and see if you are really wearing panties.
Some of the men too.  If you feel real daring, sometimes you
actually let them get a glimpse of your panties."
     "Yeah," said Cindy, "and since we knew we were going  to be
with you today, you know what?"
     "What?" I said, as I turned the last corner, and got ready
to drive into the apartment parking area.
     "This time, neither one of us is wearing panties!  We
figured, we'd just be changing, as soon as we got to your place,
so there was no need.  look!"  With this, the little girl pulled
up on the bottom of her T-shirt, exposing her bare pussy, and
tight little slit.
     The sight was so distracting, I almost wrecked the car.
Slamming on the brake, I managed to avoid hitting a steel pole,
at the garage entrance.  I looked over; and by this time, both
little girls had their T-shirts almost up to their middles, as
June pulled hers up as well.  The sight of the two bald little
cunts, almost had me cumming in my pants; but I controlled myself
enough to say, "Get your shirts down!  If anybody sees you,
they'll probably call the cops, and I'll end up in jail."
     Hurriedly, both girls pulled their shirts down, until they
looked like two innocent children again.  "I'm sorry, Uncle
Frank," gulped Cindy.  "I didn't think.  I just thought you
wouldn't mind."
     "I don't.  Really," I said.  "It's just that other people
might not understand."
     "Really?  You don't mind seeing us naked?"  Both girls
beamed smiles at me, that threatened to melt my glasses.
     By this time, I had somehow managed to park the car, and
shut off the engine.  The two-car stall was dark, so I felt a
little safer now.  "No," I said.  "Just be careful where, and how
you show yourselves.  Somebody else might get uptight, if they
knew you were exposing yourself to a man like that."











                                3


     "Oh! Thank you, Uncle Frank," said June, as she grabbed me,
and kissed me.  The little girl had obviously been kissed before.
She didn't kiss me the way you would expect a little girl to kiss
her uncle, but more like a young woman making out in the drive-
in.  Her warm lips met mine, and she opened her mouth, so her
tongue met my lips.  Curious to see how far the little girl would
go, I opened my mouth, and stuck out my tongue.  June responded
with vigor!  Her lively little tongue met mine, and licked it,
then she sucked my tongue into her mouth, and almost swallowed
it.  I was about to cum in my pants again, when Cindy interrupt
ed.  "My turn," she said.
     "Whooo!  Not out here!" I managed to gasp.  "Still, this'll
have to hold you, until we get somewhere more private."  With
this, I pulled Cindy close, and gave her a big juicy openmouthed
kiss that left both of us gasping.
     After that, we all scrambled out of the car, and gathering
up the little girl's bags, headed for my apartment.
     On entering the apartment, I went into the kitchen, to get a
quick drink (milk, I'm not a teetotaler, but I like milk when I'm
thirsty).  When I returned, both little girls were stark-naked,
and pulling their swimsuits out of their bags.
     "Uncle Frank's looking at us," said June.
     "I don't mind," replied Cindy, posing in front of me.
     Frankly I stared.  The two little girls were so cute, and
sexy; they reminded me of their mother, when I was younger.  I
was tempted to pull my pants off, and show the two little teasers
what they were asking for, but I managed to suppress the urge,
and tell them, "You two had better get dressed before you give
your poor old uncle a heart attack."
     "Hard-attack, you mean," snickered Cindy, as she slipped
into her swimsuit.
     "Dirty old man," said June, with a smile.  "But my kind of
dirty old man."
     "You never finished kissing me," said Cindy, as she came
across the room and put her arms out.
     I couldn't resist the temptation.  I took the almost naked
little girl in my arms, and gave her a kiss, like I hadn't given
since my sister and I were teenagers.  Cindy's little bikini
didn't hide anything.  The front two triangles barely covered her
budding young breasts, and I could clearly see the furrow her
little slit made in the front of the bikini bottom.  The feel of
the little girl's naked skin against mine, almost had me coming
in my pants, while the kiss we shared got me so hot, I was almost
ready to strip the child's swimsuit off, and fuck her right there
on the floor, in front of her sister.  Fortunately, (or
unfortunately, as the case may be), I was able to control myself,
and send the two little girls out to swim without more than a
slight pang, for lost opportunities.  I had to keep reminding
myself, that I was the girls' uncle, and their mother was
trusting me to take care of them.  (If I had only known at the
time, what kind of "care" my sister expected of me. . .)
Shortly, there was a loud "SPLASH" from outside, as Cindy jumped
in the water, to be followed by her little sister.




                                4


     I returned to my work, occasionally looking out the window,
to make sure that both girls were doing OK.  After about 2 hours,
I was satisfied that I could make no further improvements, so I
put away my work, put on my own swimsuit, and joined the two
children in the pool.
     When I arrived, I noticed that there was a young boy about
15 years old, in the pool, and the two girls were teasing him
unmercifully.  They kept rubbing up against him, pretending to
lose parts of theirs swimsuits in the water, and generally
conspiring to give the boy a "hard" time.  I arrived just in time
to see June wriggle up to the boy, and give him a kiss, that must
have been the last straw, as he must have cum in his pants,
because I swear I saw a white squirt of liquid jet up the poor
boy's belly, from the front of his swimsuit.  When he realized
that I was watching, the poor kid must have been scared to death.
     "Who's that?" he gasped to June, as the little girl wriggled
her belly against his cum-slick one.
     "Oh don't worry, that's just Uncle Frank."
     "Your uncle?"  The boy looked like he was going to faint.
"I've got to get out of here!"  With this, the young man jumped
out of the pool, grabbed his towel, and beat a hasty exit, before
I had a chance to reassure him.
     "Now look what you did," pouted Cindy, as I entered the
pool.
     "I didn't do anything," I defended myself.  "He just left."
     Not to be denied their fun; both girls decided to use me as
a pigeon, since the young man was no longer there.  Cindy came
over to me and asked me, "Uncle Frank, Do I have a nice figure?"
while turning and displaying herself in such a way, as would give
a statue a hard-on.
     "Yes," I replied, "you both have very nice figures."  In
fact, if I wasn't your uncle, I'd take you both back inside the
apartment, and show you both just how much you really do turn me
on.  Now stop it, before this gets out of hand!"  Both girls
pouted, but subsided.
     After we finished swimming, The girls changed back into
their T-shirt outfits, while I got dressed in my room.  Cindy and
June both stripped naked again in the living room, but I hurried
into my bedroom to change, as I wasn't sure I could control
myself, if I found myself naked in the same room with them, when
they were naked also.  Cindy and June seemed to be a little
disappointed, that I didn't take my clothes off, in front of
them, like they did in front of me.
     Afterwards, we went out to eat.  I took my nieces to a
fairly fancy restaurant, as I knew their mother couldn't afford
to take them out very often, and I wanted this to be a special
treat.  This turned out to be a mistake, as both girls acted like
it was a "date" and kept snuggling and cuddling up to me, until I
was about to break out in a cold sweat of fear that someone would
think I was "abusing" these little girls.  After the third time,
that June wanted to give me another big hug, I told both girls
that they'd better "cool it" before they got me arrested for
child molesting.




                                5


     After that, both girls restrained themselves to just playing
"footsie" underneath the table, where nobody could see.  Even
this, was almost too much for me.  I still don't remember what I
ate that night.  All I can remember is the feel of first one
little girl's naked little foot rubbing up against my leg, and
then the other's.  Knowing that both of the little girls were
naked underneath the long T-shirts, was enough to almost have me
emulating the boy in the pool that afternoon.  Still, by the time
we finished eating, and got back to my apartment, there was a
definite wet-spot, in the front of my drawers, where my prick had
been leaking pre-cum, for the last hour.
     After we got back, things got even steamier, if possible.
Cindy started talking about how her boyfriend was teaching her to
"tongue-kiss."
     June said, "So what.  I've been doing that with Roger, for
over a year."
     Curious to see what the little girl would do, I asked Cindy
what she meant by "tongue-kiss".
     Cindy didn't answer directly; she just came over, and said,
"Like this."  And kissed me full on the mouth.  Then she opened
her mouth, and stuck her tongue between my lips, and started to
lick my tongue, then the inside of my mouth.  After a bit, I
returned the kiss, and put my tongue in her mouth, where she
started licking and sucking on it.  By this time, I had lost all
control, and I reached underneath the little girl's T-shirt, and
rant my big hands up her naked little body, and started squeezing
the plump little titties I found there.  The feel of the child's
skin against my arms, and her eager tongue and kisses were so
exciting that I was about to pull off her T-shirt, and take her
into the bedroom, when I was reminded that we weren't alone.
     "I want to do it too!" said June.
     Reluctantly, Cindy pulled away, and I slipped my arms out
from under her shirt.  Cindy didn't bother pulling down the
T-shirt to hide her now exposed little cunt.
     In the meantime, June moved into my arms, and started giving
me a kiss that made her sister's seem mild and naive.  I don't
know who taught the little girl how to kiss, but whoever it was,
did a good job.  The little girl licked my tongue, pushed hers
inside my mouth, and sucked on my tongue with a joyous feeling
that couldn't be denied.  In the meantime, I repeated my actions
with her, that I had done to her older sister, and felt her up
underneath her T-shirt.  Shortly, I felt another body snuggle up
to both of us, as Cindy started to feel left out.  I reached out,
and grabbed Cindy, and soon, all three of us were swapping
kisses, while I felt up both girls underneath their T-shirts.
     When Cindy got too excited, and started moaning in my ear, I
reached down between the little girl's legs and slid the tip of
my middle finger into the child's tight little slit.
     "Ooh, That feels good!" said Cindy, as she squirmed, trying
to capture more of my finger.
     June looked down, where my finger had vanished two knuckles
deep inside her sister.  "Do that to me too!" she panted in my
ear.




                                6


     The feeling of one little girl's cunt milking on my finger
was driving me wild.  When I slipped the finger of my other hand
into June, I thought the top of my head would blow off.  The
excitement was so great, I still can't figure out why I didn't
blow thick sticky sperm all over the inside of my shorts, but
somehow I held on.  Maybe it was because my body figured it would
get inside one of these little girls, and didn't want to waste
it.
     As I continued to feel up both of my nieces, they squirmed
more and more, until First June, then Cindy went "Ow!" as my
fingers struck a barrier about two inches inside.  Both girl's
were actually virgins!  The thought of making out with my two
virgin nieces was incredibly exciting, and I don't know what
would have happened, if the phone hadn't picked that moment to
ring.
     The telephone call was from a secretary who worked for the
same company my sister did.  The woman called me to tell me that
my sister had left a message:  "My sister couldn't get back
tonight.  She had called earlier, but I was out.  The meeting had
gone on longer than she had figured, and when she got out, her
car wouldn't start.  She was stuck there for the night.  The
company was paying for her hotel room, and she would call me
again later.  End of message."
     This message reminded me that these two sexy little girls,
were my nieces, and I was supposed to be watching over them, not
making out with them like some kid in a drive-in movie, so I told
them that their mother was stuck for the night, and I'd put them
up on the couch, as soon as I dug up some extra blankets.
     The girl's wouldn't have it.  "I'm sleeping with you, Uncle
Frank," said Cindy.
     "Unhuh.  Me too," said June.
     I was flabbergasted.  Feeling up the little girls was one
thing, but sleeping with them was quite another.  I knew if I let
either of these two little sexpots climb in bed with me, I'd end
up fucking them both before the night was out.  I tried to
explain to both of them, that it wasn't right for an uncle to
sleep (or fuck) with his own nieces.
     "Oh Bullshit!" said Cindy, interrupting me.  "I know you
don't really feel that way.  Momma told us all about you and her,
when she was younger.  You sure didn't mind fucking little girls
then,  and the way you acted tonight, I know it still turns you
on."
     My ears burned, as I suddenly relived the early years of my
life, in just a few short seconds.  When I was nine, one night I
was feeling horny, so I sneaked down into my little sister's
bedroom, and after feeling the little girl up, and getting her
all excited, I ended up fucking my own little 7 year old sister.
Mary liked it; and from that time on, every night for the next
five years, when I wasn't sneaking into her bedroom, she was
sneaking into mine.







                                7


     I remembered when I was 11, and actually came for the first
time inside my little sister.  It felt so good to release my cum
up inside the little girl's vagina.  I felt as though I'd gone to
heaven.  About a month later, Mary actually came for the first
time.  Feeling my sister's little vagina squeezing, and milking
on my cock, as she begged me to squirt my sperm inside her, was
almost unbelievable.  From then on, until I left to go into the
service, at age 14 (I lied about my age, and they weren't being
too picky, at the time), my sister and I fucked almost non-stop.
Anytime our parents weren't around, we'd fuck.  In the bedroom,
in the living room, on the table, on the floor, in the car, (Once
we even sneaked a piece in the back-seat, under a blanket, while
we pretended to be asleep, and our parents were up front, during
vacation.)  When I left, Mary was 12, and had just started having
periods.  I hated to leave my little sister, but we both figured
I'd better, before I knocked her up.  The sendoff Mary gave me
though, on the night before I left, was quite something!  I felt
like I left about 50 gallons of baby-juice in my little sister's
belly that night.
     After I finished boot-camp, I learned that Mary had gotten
married.  I figured that she couldn't stand doing without, after
all those years of getting it on a steady basis, so I wasn't
surprised.
     When Mary had her first baby, they hadn't been married a
year; so I knew she just couldn't wait.
     It was over a year after I left, and Cindy was just about
six months old, when I got back for the first time on leave.  To
my surprise, Mary had told her husband about us, and he didn't
mind!  In fact, he encouraged me to sleep with my sister, for the
three days I was there, while he slept on the couch!  I learned
later, that he had slept with his own sisters, when he was
younger, himself.
     It was about nine months later, when I heard that my sister
had another baby.  For a bit, I wondered, if the child could have
been mine, but decided the chances were too slim.  Mary had been
fucking her husband too much, for my sperm to have a chance.
Still, it was kind of exciting to daydream about.
     About two years later, Mike died, and I felt miserable for
my sister.  Besides, I had really liked the guy myself.  I
promised myself, that when I got out of the service, that I'd
keep an eye on my sister, and her kids, not just for myself, and
Mary, but for Mike, because I felt I kind of owed it to him.
After all, how many men do you know that would be willing to
share their wives with you, while you were on military leave?
     So, after I got my discharge, I setup housekeeping as near
to my sister, as I could find reasonable rates in an apartment.
From then on, I dropped over at least once, and usually twice or
three times a week to check on my sister, and later, as they grew
up, on my nieces.  Occasionally, Mary couldn't stand doing
without sex any more, and we'd sneak off, and "tear off a piece"
while the little girls were sleeping.  It was awkward though, so
we weren't able to do it very often.





                                8


     My mind was jerked back to the present by my nieces request.
     "Uncle Frank?"
     "Yes Cindy?" I answered.
     "Could you teach me to make love, like grown-ups do?" the
little girl begged.  "Please?"
     Somehow, while I had been daydreaming, the little girls had
managed to get me undressed, and were both naked, and sitting on
the bed alongside me.
     As I sat there, gasping with shock, (and not some little
horniness), the little girl reached down and tried to fit my cock
into her tiny little hole.  It wouldn't go.  For one thing, she
was too small, but more importantly, the angle was wrong.  The
little girl was standing in front of me, trying to push my cock
up her tiny little slit, without even spreading her legs.  The
feel of the little girl's slit against the tip of my cock almost
convinced me, but I managed to hold off, only leaking a little
pre-cum up inside the child's vagina.
     June was watching, and decided she wanted to get fucked too.
"Oh Wow!  Uncle Frank," she said.  "I want to learn too."
     All I could say was, "Oh my God!"
     I don't know what I would have done, whether I would have
fucked them, or not, if the telephone hadn't picked that moment
to ring.
     "Saved by the bell!" I said, relieved that I was able to put
off the little girls for a moment.  "Hello?" I said, as I picked
up the receiver.
     It was my sister.  I didn't know what I would say, if she
asked what the girls were doing.  Her actual question, was even
more astounding.
     "Are Cindy and June pregnant yet?" came my sister's voice.
     "Huh?" I gasped.
     "Well, haven't you even fucked them yet?"
     I could only repeat my earlier brilliant observation.
"Huh?"
     "Both those little girls had better be pregnant by the time
I get there!" came Mary's firm voice over the telephone line.
     "It almost sounded like you wanted me to get your daughters
pregnant," I finally managed to put a sentence together.
     My sister's voice came back over the line, "You heard me.
By the time I get there, our daughters had better not be virgins
any more.  They both should be pregnant too."
     "Our daughters?" I gasped.  "Do you mean?"
     Mary's voice chuckled, "You mean, you didn't know?  They're
your daughters."
     "And you want me to get our daughters pregnant?"  I couldn't
believe it.
     "You'd better," came my sister's voice.  "If you know what's
good for you.  Why do you think I sent them over there tonight?
Me too.  See you tomorrow."  With this, the line went dead,
leaving me to ponder the meaning of "Me too."







                                9


     I gave up.  If my daughters wanted me to fuck them, their
mother wanted me to fuck them, and I wanted to fuck them, why not
fuck them?  "Come here, Cindy," I said.  "If you want to fuck
your Daddy, I guess I'll fuck you."
     "Oh Wow!" said Cindy.
     "You're our Daddy, For Really?" asked June.
     "Well," I said, "according to your mother, and she should
know.  Now who wants to fuck."
     "Me!" said both little girls in unison.
     "I was first!" said Cindy.
     I hushed both girls.  "Cindy, you can go first.  If I'm too
big for you, I don't want to hurt June by trying also.  Now scoot
up here."  With this, I positioned my daughter (MY DAUGHTER!) on
the bed in front of me.  "Now Daddy's going to put his penis
right up inside you.  Would you like that Cindy?" I asked.
     Cindy nodded, then bit her lip, as I rubbed the leaking tip
of my big cock up and down her little slit and then started
pushing the head into her tiny crack.
     "Oh Daddy!" she squeaked.  "It's going in!"
     Sure enough, the little girl's vagina was stretching around
the head of my cock, until there was a slight "popping"
sensation, and the head and glans vanished up in the child's
body, and I could feel the tip pressing against the little girl's
hymen.
     "Oof!" gasped Cindy.
     "This next step is going to hurt a little, if you want me to
fuck you properly, I'm going to have to break your hymen, or
'cherry.'" I told Cindy.  "Do you want me to do it?"  I could
barely hold back the excitement that almost had me squirting
great gobs of thick sticky cum all over my little girl's unbroken
hymen.
     "Do it, Daddy!" squeaked the little girl, pushing her hips
at me.  "I want you to fuck me, and make a baby in me, like you
did with Mommy."
     The little girl's obscene words took me over the edge.  I
was already cumming inside the little girl, when I pushed
forward, and felt the membrane tear, and then my cock was buried
all the way up inside the little girl, and I was ejaculating my
sperm right inside my own tiny daughter's tight little belly,
where it belonged.
     "Oooh, Daddy!" moaned Cindy.  "That feels so good.  Cum in
me Daddy.  Squirt the stuff that makes babies in my belly.  Knock
me up, like you did Mommy."
     Feeling my seed flow into my daughter's womb, was so
stimulating, still, I didn't want to disappoint the little girl.
"I'm afraid, you're both probably way too young, to have a baby.
You'll have to wait until you're old enough to start having
periods, before you can get pregnant."
     Both girls started giggling.
     "What's so funny?" I asked, as I felt one last wonderful
dollop of sperm leave the head of my cock, and exit into my
daughter's welcoming young vagina.





                                10


     "Oh Daddy!  We've both been having periods.  I've been
having periods for over a year, and June just had her first one,
two weeks ago.  She had hers, the same time I did.  Why do you
think Mommy sent us over now?" Cindy finally got out.
     The thought, that both little girls were fertile, and my
sister had been serious, when she had said she expected me to
impregnate both of our daughters, almost had me spouting sperm
inside Cindy's tight little belly again.  "Quick!" I said.
"June, get up here!"  With this, I grabbed my other daughter,
placed her on the bed alongside her older sister, and pulling my
cock out of Cindy I plunged it up inside June, before the little
girl could object.
     "Gaaaaak!" squawked June, as my cock, slickened by the sperm
I had deposited inside her sister's belly, along with Cindy's own
juices, slid into her tight little belly with a rush, tearing
away her maidenhead without even pausing.
     I had barely managed to get my cock properly seated in the
little girl's tight little slit, before I was spouting great gobs
of thick sticky incestuous sperm in my own daughter's tiny little
womb.  Feeling me climax inside her, caused June to climax as
well.  The little girl worked against me, trying to milk every
last drop of her father's seed into her receptive little vagina,
as I tried to reproduce in my own daughter.  Knowing that the
little 8 year old girl was not only fertile, but actually wanted
me to get her pregnant, was so exciting that it seemed like my
sperm would never stop flowing into the child's belly.
     When I finally pulled out, only a trickle of white showed
that both little girls had been fucked.  Still, seeing my seed
oozing from the tight hairless little slits, knowing that both
little girls were carrying my seed inside their bellies, was so
stimulating, that I almost started over again.
     "Thanks Daddy," said Cindy.  "I hope I'm pregnant now."
     "Me too," said June.  "I can't wait 'till my belly gets big
like Marsha's did.  I want to have a little girl, so Daddy can
fuck her, when she starts having her periods, just like Mommy."
     "I want to have a boy," said Cindy.  "That way, I can fuck
my son, and then I'll have a little girl, so he can fuck his
sister, just like Mommy and Daddy."
     The little girl's words soon had me so excited, that I had
to fuck both of them again.  This time, I got both of them to lie
on the bed, while I climbed between their legs, and fucked first
one, and then the other.  Back and forth, I alternated, lasting a
lot longer this time.  I managed to get both little girls to
climax this time, before sending a fresh helping of incestuous
sperm squirting up inside their tight little bellies.  After
that, I had to rest, and soon we all fell asleep.  Twice during
the night, first June, then Cindy woke up, and managed to squeeze
one more helping of my sperm out of my balls, and into her hungry
little womb.  In the morning, I managed to fuck each of the
little girls before breakfast.
     Sitting there at breakfast, with the two naked little girls,
knowing now, that they were my daughters, and that both of them
were carrying my seed inside their wombs, almost made me melt
with love.



                                11


     It was about 10 o'clock, when my sister arrived.  Seeing us
all naked, She immediately stripped herself, and said, "Now,
you'd better get me pregnant too, you horny bastard.  If you get
our daughter's pregnant, and not me, I'll be awfully mad!"
     At first, after all the sex of the night before, and that
morning, I didn't think I'd be able to get it up.  But, with the
help of a three-girl blow-job, and my daughters begging me to let
them see me knock up my sister, I managed to not only get it up,
but to squirt enough sperm in my sister's belly, that she figured
she should be pregnant also.
     Later, Mary explained to me about her husband Mike.  It
seemed that about a month after I had left, Mary suddenly found
herself pregnant.  She had started going out with Mike, and had
been about to "go all the way" with him, when she noticed her
periods had stopped.  She was going to break up with him,
figuring it wasn't fair, that he should be saddled with her
brother's kid, but Mike had fallen in love with her, and made her
tell him why she was breaking up, because he could tell that Mary
liked him.  When my sister told him that she was pregnant, to her
surprise, Mike was overjoyed.  Especially, when she admitted to
him, that I was really the father.  It seems that Mike had been
fucking both of his sisters, since he was ten years old, and
about four years before he met Mary, he had knocked up both of
them.  His parents had been so mad at him, that they almost
exploded.  Not for fucking his sisters, but for not using birth-
control.  They had given him an ultimatum.  Stop fucking his
sisters, get a vasectomy, or get out of their house.  At the
time, it seemed like an easy choice.  With two horny sisters to
take care of his sexual needs, and already having two daughters,
what more did he need?  The doctor had even told him that it was
sometimes possible to reverse the vasectomy procedure, if he ever
needed to.  It seemed like an easy solution, at the time, so he
went and had the vasectomy.
     Two years later, both his sisters, and their children were
killed, when a drunk driver sideswiped the car they were
returning home from a party in.  If Mike hadn't stayed to help
clean-up, after the party, he probably would have died also.  For
almost two years, Mike had been despondent, until he met my
sister.  Mary was always the bubbly type, and she had probably
felt sorry for Mike at first, but had then found out what a nice
guy he was, after I left for the service.  To Mike, finding out
that the girl he loved, was already pregnant, and if he married
her, he could claim the child was his own, seemed like a rescue
from heaven.  Not only that, but the real father of the child not
only didn't know he was a father, but was someone whom he already
knew and liked. . . me.  To have me, be Mary's brother, who had
knocked her up, and therefore no worries about who the child
would look like, seemed like icing on the cake.  Besides, since
he had gotten two of his own sisters pregnant, it made made him
feel like a brother to me, knowing that I had gotten my sister
pregnant as well.  The only thing, that Mike asked of Mary, was
that she not tell me that I was the child's father.  Mike wanted
me to think that he was the father, just like everybody else.




                                12


     That's why, when I came home to visit, that week, when Mike
and Mary were wishing they could have another child, that Mike
thought it would be nice if I did the job, instead of some
anonymous donor, or trying to adopt.  They never told me that
Mary was fertile, when we fucked, or that they wanted another
child.  They pretended Mary was "on the pill," so that it was
"safe" for me to fuck her.  To ensure that I did the job, Mike
got real cute.  He rented a flask of liquid-nitrogen, used for
storing bull-semen, and had Mary suction out my sperm, and save
the excess, each time she got up after I fucked her.  Each time
Mary pretended to go to the bathroom, and "douche" she was
actually storing my semen, like that of a prize-bull.  The
precautions turned out to be unnecessary, as Mary was pregnant
before I left.  Mike was going to save my sperm "Just in case,"
but he forgot to refill the flask with nitrogen, so it thawed-
out, and he had to abandon the idea.
     Two years later, they wanted to have another child. I was
unavailable, being overseas at the time, so they decided to try
to have Mike's vasectomy reversed.  Because of a stupid mistake
at the hospital, Mike's minor operation became major, and he
caught an infection and died of septic-shock.  My sister was
devastated.  It was only my getting out of the service at about
this time, that saved her sanity.  She was able to come to me,
and cry on my shoulder, and yes, even fuck me, when she felt too
low.  She told me later, that being able to make love to me,
without feeling guilty about "cheating on Mike," knowing that I
was the one person that Mike would have approved of her fucking,
was what made her able to carry on.
     After that, Mary lived on the proceeds from the insurance
settlement.  (When the Insurance-company saw the case that the
lawyers I found for Mary had made, they paid up, without a
whimper.)  Mary and the kids were relatively well-off, though not
quite as well-off as I was, because I could charge almost
whatever I wanted, for the work that I did.
     It wasn't until Cindy and June started having their periods,
and told her that they wanted to get fucked, that Mary decided
she needed a man herself, not just an occasional "quickie" at
night.  When she asked her daughters what kind of man they were
looking for, both little girls said "Someone like uncle Frank."
The idea of getting me, to service all three of them, hit Mary
like a bolt out of the blue.  She broached the idea to her
daughters, and when they fell for the idea, she began planning my
seduction.   Mary could have come right out, and asked me, or had
the little girls "discover" the two of us making love some night,
but my ever-lovin' sister had decided it would be more "cute" to
have the little girls seduce me.  The idea of calling me on the
phone, and asking, "Are those two little girls pregnant yet?"
seemed like a touch of genius to my sister.  Which just goes to
show you, the warped sense of humor that my sister has.  I love
it!







                                13


     From then on, it was like one long sexual marathon for me.
Mary and I went to Las-Vegas and got married. (Her having a
different name, made it easier to fake her ID. . . Mike's parents
helped. . . Really!)  then we got a bigger house, and moved in
together.  One of the features of the house, is that it has a
King-size bed, in the master bedroom.  As you can imagine, I no
longer sleep alone.  In fact, we all sleep together in the same
bed.  After several months of fucking both my sister, and our two
daughters every night, my stamina has improved to the point, that
I am usually able to fuck each of them at least twice a day.
     Usually, when I get home, Cindy is waiting for me, naked, at
the door.  I generally take the little girl into the bedroom, and
fuck her, while Mary is preparing supper.  If either one of us
happens to be particularly horny, sometimes we don't make it all
the way to the bedroom.  Cindy can't stand to wait and draw
things out, so she usually gets my first load of sperm in her
belly, when I get home.
     After dinner, June likes to sit on my cock, while I watch
the news on TV.  Sometimes, we are able to quietly fuck for over
an hour, before the little girl's squirming gets to be too much,
and I finally squirt my seed in the little girl's womb.
     After that, Mary gets me at bedtime.  Both little girls like
to watch me fucking their mother.  Having our little girls watch
us, usually gets me so excited that I cum in my sister a lot
faster than I really intend to.  Still, feeling me ejaculate my
sperm inside her belly, is always enough to cause my sister to
climax as well.
     In the morning, I usually send both little girls off to
school, with a fresh helping of my sperm soaking in their
bellies, while Mary and I return to bed for a more leisurely
fuck.  After an hour or so, during which time I sometimes leave
more than one load of baby-juice soaking in my sister's womb, I
get up, and it's off to work, for another day.
     Weekends of course are a free-for-all, with everybody
getting their sex, first-cum, first-served.  The house, has an
indoor pool (you wouldn't believe how long we looked, before we
found the right house, that we could afford.) and you wouldn't
believe the things that go on in that pool.   Or maybe, after
reading this, you would.  Well, to make a long story short; three
months later, June and Mary's bellies were beginning to swell;
and six months later, Cindy's pants started to get tight.  Before
a year was up, I was the proud father of 4 more kids (Cindy had
twins) Two girls and two boys, Jane, Karen, Mark, and Mike.  Now,
it's 2 years later, and we have 3 more children (Judy, Sharon,
and Suzy).  Last night, when I was fucking June, She said she
thinks she's pregnant again (or at least, she hopes so).  When
Cindy heard, she immediately hauled me off alone, so that I could
impregnate her again too.  My sister thinks she's had enough
babies, but I still catch her cooing over the little ones.  I
don't think she'll be able to stand the pressure much longer,
before she also begs me to make another baby in her belly.






                                14


    _____
     /  '               /
  ,-/-, __  __.  ____  /_
 (_/   / (_(_/|_/ / <_/ <_
