Copyright © 1998,     LiL N.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing LiLN@mrdouble.com.






 And Part 3

LiL N.....Daddy, Uncle Tommy & Cuz Suzie pt 3


I screamed out! Daddy's hard cock sliced right through me, causing alot of
pain. Daddy looked down at me with a worried look.

"It's ok. baby.....I'll hold still till the pain goes away."

All I could do was nod my head. I laid there, my legs spread wide open, daddy
laying inbetween them, and his cock buried into my pussy. I heard moaning and
looked over at My uncle Tommy and my cuz Susie.

They were moaning loudly, and Suzie was humping her daddy hard and fast. Uncle
Tommy gripped her hips tightly. His eye were squeezed shut and he was gritting
his teeth.

"Fuck me baby fuck me good!" he moaned.
Suzie did as she was told. She was humping him good and hard. I looked up at
my Daddy.

"Ok Daddy...you can.....fuck me now." I said.

Daddy smiled down at me, and started humping me slowly. It started to feel
really good! the pain was going away. Now i could feel my daddy's cock sawing
in and out of my pussy. he closed his eyes and gritted his teeth.

"So tight....." he panted..."ooh yyeaahhhh.."

"Fuck me Daddy" I whispered." Fuck me."

I wrapped my arms around his neck as he laid himself out on me. His humping
started to get faster.

"Oh yeah Daddy!" I squealed. "Yeah! yeah!"

I could feel a tingling sensation starting. Daddy's cock was throbbing in me.
I looked over at Suzie and Uncle Tommy just in time to see them cumming. Suzie
writhed on top of her daddy, panting and shouting. Uncle Tommy gripped her
hips tightly as he shoved himself up into her.
He squeezed his eyes shut and moaned loudly.

Daddy slipped his hands under my butt and gripped my cheeks. He panted loudly
in my ear.

"I..<pant>......gotta fuck you harder
....<pant>....baby......gotta.<pant>......cum!"

As his hands gripped my butt cheeks he really started pounding me.I held onto
him as he fucked me good and hard. Then it started. The tingling blew up
inside of me.

I could feel my body trembling and shaking. Daddy didn't lose his grip. He
pounded me for a few minutes, then shoved himself into me one last time. I
felt his cock throbbing wildly, then something hot shoot into me. 

"TAKE MY CUM BABY!!!!!!" he shouted.

 I screamed out as an amazing sensation took over my body! It went through me
like a tidal wave. IT FELT SSOOOO GOOOD!!!! 

"AAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!DDD..DADDDY!!" I screamed. I held onto my Daddy until the
sensations faded. After a few minutes, daddy rolled off of me. My pussy felt
sore, but good. Daddy looked over at me, then pulled me up next to him and
wrapped his arms around me.

He kissed me gently on my lips." Thank you baby."

I smiled up at my Daddy. I loved him so. I snuggled closer to him.  Uncle
Tommy and Suzie joined us, snuggling together as well.


I sighed deeply, along with my Daddy.

 I really love my daddy.

****LiLN

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

