Copyright © 1998,     LiL N.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing LiLN@mrdouble.com.





LiL N......Daddy, Uncle Tommy  & Cuz Susie...Pt 2


I was startled when Daddy took me by the arm and gently pulled me into the
room. I stared at the three of  them, all naked and just finished doing what
they did. I looked up at Daddy feeling nervous and alil scared.

Daddy gave me a tight hug.

"Sweetie, it's ok." he said, comforting me. "There's nothing to be scared
about."

I didn't say a word, but my eyes scanned the three of them. They were naked
and covered in sweat. My cuz Susie looked up at me and smiled, still snuggled
in her daddy's arms. Uncle Tommy too smiled at me, and kissed Suzie's brow
softly. Daddy went and sat at the edge of the bed, smiling at me.

"Did you like what you saw?" he asked me. At first I just stared at him, then
my eyes went from his face to his cock. It was beginning to get hard, long and
shiny. I then nodded my head. I have to admit, watching them did make me
feel....funny betweeen my legs. Funny and wet.

Daddy then said" Baby I wanna' make love to you, cause I love you so much.
Will you let me?" 

I looked deeply into my Daddy's eyes. And I nodded my head. Finally I spoke
up.

"Daddy, will you do to me what you just did to Suzie?"

"Yes baby." he said, smiling. I stepped forward to my daddy.

"Ok daddy."

Daddy just smiled happily,  then took me into his arms and kissed me. I felt
his tongue slipping between my lips and roll around in my mouth. I had never
been kissed like that before. Before long I was kissing Daddy back in the same
way. He gently pushed me down onto my back on the bed and started taking my
clothes off, putting lil kisses all over my belly. 

There I was on the bed, feeling my Daddy's lips kissing my stomach. Then I
felt movement on the bed. Uncle Tommy and Suzie had crawled down to me. Uncle
Tommy kissed me the way Daddy did, and Suzie started touching my lil nipples.
I really didn't have tits, they had just started growing. But my nipples were
puffy. I watched as Suzie's lips came closer to one nipple, and her mouth then
covered it completely. I shivered and closed my eyes and moaned. It felt
really good, having Cuz Suzie licking and sucking my nipple. then Uncle Tommy
took the other one into his mouth and started sucking.


I moaned loudly. It felt GREAT! Here I was on the bed, stripped naked by my
Daddy, and my uncle and cousin were sucking my nipples at the same time. Then
I felt something new: I opened my eyes and looked down...and saw that daddy
had my legs open and his face was between them. I could see him holding my
bald pussy open and his tongue darting in and out.

My body shivered!!!! I had never felt anything like this before! Daddy  smiled
up at me, then just shoved his face into my open pussy. I gasped loudly. I
could feel Daddy licking and sucking and hitting my lil nub with his mouth. It
felt great! I started humping up against Daddy's face, trying to get more of
his tongue into me. Daddy put his hands under my butt and pulled me even
harder onto his face.

"I wanna suck her" said Suzie. Daddy took one last lick then stood up. Suzie
scurried down and stuck her mouth onto my bald pussy, sticking her tongue into
me.

I moaned loudly. Daddy moved up onto the bed, laying next to me. He took my
hand and placed it onto his hard cock.

"Ooohhh daddy...it feels good..."

Daddy smiled down at me and kissed me passionately. Uncle Tommy was still
licking my other nipple. He looked up at my daddy.

"Teach her to suck cock" he said. My daddy nodded his head and got up on his
knees. I closed my eyes for a moment. But when I opened my eyes I saw my
Daddy's cock dangling in front of my face. He was holding it in his hand,
smiling down at me.

Uncle Tommy went back to sucking my nipple, and Cuz Suzie was still licking my
pussy.
I didn't hesitate. I opened my mouth. Daddy quickly put his cock  in, and I
started sucking.

"Oooohhh my beautiful lil girl"...he whispered. I could feel his cock
throbbing in my mouth as I sucked it good and hard.

"oh, Baby....suck it hard" he panted. I did as my daddy asked me. I gripped
his cock with my hand and sucked for all I was worth! It throbbed in my mouth,
tasted alil  bit salty. But I liked it.

I was having trouble concentrating cause of what Uncle Tommy and Suzie were
doing to me. But it felt great! This went on for a few more minutes...then I
heard Uncle Tommy say something to my Daddy.

"It's time to pop her cherry" Uncle Tommy said. Daddy nodded and pulled his
cock out of my mouth. It came out with a slurping sound.

My Daddy got up and went to stand between my legs, rubbing his hard cock. He
looked down at me, smiling. His eyes seemed far off...as if in a dream. Then
daddy leaned over me.

"This will hurt only for a minute, honey" he whispered to me. I looked over at
Suzie and Uncle Tommy. Uncle Tommy had gotten onto his back on the bed next to
me, and Suzie had straddled him. I watched wide eyed as Uncle Tommy's cock
dissapeared into Suzie's bald pussy.  They both moaned at the same time, then
Uncle tommy gripped Suzie's hips and Suzie started going up and down on him. I
looked up at daddy.

"They're fucking." he  panted "And I'm gonna' start fucking you too."

I held my breath.  I looked down to see Daddy rubbing the tip of his cock in
between my pussy lips. It sent shivers through me. It felt soooo good! He
pulled it away for a second. I saw that the tip was soaking wet.

"Aaahhhh...." My Daddy moaned" My lil girl's all nice and wet."

Then he nudged the tip of his cock deeper into my pussy. He gripped  my
shoulders.

"I'm gonna shove it in hard and fast baby so it won't hurt too much at first."
he said I placed my hands around my Daddy's shoulders and waited.

Daddy took a deep breath and shoved forward.




....to be continued....

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

