Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

A nice cheating wife story because it's raunchy and irreverent (the way a
cheating wife should be).  A few good sex scenes but no real ending.  Let
me know what you think. Rate the story on a scale of 1-4 with 4 being the
best and tell me what you liked and what you could have lived without...


Doctor's Orders

	Erika laid uncomfortably in bed under the pristine pressed sheets of the
hospital delivery room and looked up her handsome young doctor.
	"You know doctor," Erika said softly, "I haven't had sex for months now
because I was told I couldn't when I'm pregnant like this."
	"Actually someone misinformed you I'm sorry to say," the doctor replied as
he checked the clipboard at the end of the bed.  "If done properly, it's
safe to have sex right up to the last day before delivery."
	"Really?" Erika's eyes lit up.  "What do you mean, if done properly?"
	"Well there's only a couple of safe positions," the doctor informed her as
he prepared to leave the room.  "As long as you stay with those and do
things carefully you're pretty safe."
	"You know doctor," Erika said stopping him before he walked away.  "I plan
on having another baby after this. Maybe you should show me how to…you
know…do it safely.  For next time."
	"I'd love to explain it to you, after the delivery," the doctor smiled. 
	"I'm not very good with explanations," Erika laughed with a flick of her
long blonde hair for emphasis.  "I really think you should just show me."
	The young doctor looked at his watch and frowned, "I'd love to but I just
don't have time right now.  I have other patients to tend to."
	"Well you get to go home sometime tonight don't you?" Erika asked.  "Why
don't you stop by on you're way out and give me a few pointers."
	"All right," the doctor said with a slight laugh.  "You're husband's
outside, I'll tell him when I'm going to be off and we'll all discuss it
when I get off tonight."
	"Uh," Erika paused.  "I'd rather not tell my husband what you're going to
show me.  I mean, I want it to be a total surprise for him next time."
	"Sure," the doctor laughed again.  "I'll just drop by on my way out and
give you some tricks of the trade.  I'll just tell your husband I'm
checking up on you."


	At 11pm Erika's doctor was ready to leave.  Brad was still sitting outside
his wife's delivery room half asleep.
	"I'm just going to check up on your wife before I leave," the doctor told
Brad.  "She shouldn't be ready to deliver until tomorrow night so if you
want to go home…"
	"No," Brad insisted.  "I want to be here just in case."
	"You're a good man," the doctor said before he entered Erika's room.  "I
shouldn't be long."
	"Erika?" the young doctor called softly as Erika laid quietly with her
beautiful eyes closed.
	"Uh…yes doctor?" Erika said sleepily as she woke from her deep sleep.
	"I'm sorry to wake you," the doctor said softly, "but I wanted to make
sure you knew I was leaving for the night."
	"Oh," Erika said blinking her pretty eyes and smiling.  "I'm glad you came
by.  Are you going to show me how to have sex now?"
	"Um," the doctor lowered his voice.  "If you're still up to it."
	"Of course I am," Erika smiled.
	"All right," the doctor said.  "Well uh, one of the ways that's safe is if
you stand up and just bend over slightly.  Always use something you can
grab on to for support, like a chair back or a dresser and…."
	"Oh doctor," Erika pretended to be confused.  "Maybe I better try it so
you can be sure I'm doing it right."
	"Sure…all right," the doctor agreed as Erika pulled off her sheets and
carefully rolled out of bed, her large belly extended.
	Erika's  surgery gown was tied only in two places in back and left her
with a cold breezy draft.  Erika stood by the end of her bed and grabbed
the rail as she bent over slightly.
	"Like this doctor?" Erika asked.
	"Well yes," the doctor smiled as he could see her entire naked body
through the open back of the gown. "But actually you would need to bend
over a little further so your husband can get to your…"
	Erika obediently bent over more, pushing her still tight ass outwards. 
	"I still don't see how he could do anything in this position," Erika
fussed.
	"Sure he could," the doctor insisted trying not to stare at Erika's nice
looking ass beneath those thin robes.  "He would just stand behind you
and…"
	"Show me," Erika insisted.
	"What do you mean?" the doctor tried to remain professional about the
whole situation even though he wanted badly to get behind her and get a
better look at that ass and blonde pussy.
	"Stand behind me like he would have to so I can know how this is done."
	"Well," the doctor said finally giving in to his own urges.  "He would
stand right about here."
	The doctor could see the hairs of Erika's blond pussy peeking out between
her long strong legs and he wished he could see more.  Erika offered him
that extra good look.
	"You know, I feel really stupid doing this in this stupid gown," Erika
said.  "Would you mind if I took it off?  That is if you wont make fun of
me because I'm pregnant."
	"Don't be silly," the young doctor said giving a quick glance at the door
as if Erika's husband would come through any second and ruin this for him. 
"I think pregnant women are beautiful."
	"Great," Erika smiled. "Can you untie me then?"
	"Sure," the doctor said as his usually stone solid hands were shaking in
anticipation.  As the first tie came undone the gown dropped off both sides
of Erika's hot tight ass and the doctor moaned to himself as he fought the
urge to touch it.  The doctors hands continued to shake as he untied the
last string and watched the gown slip off Erika's silky shoulders and drop
to the floor.
	Erika stood there naked in her delivery room as her young doctor watched
the door nervously.
	"Don't worry about him," Erika said referring to her husband.  "He won't
come in on us."
	"Are you sure?" the doctor said keeping a close eye on both the door and
her beautiful body.  The doctor was telling no lie when he said he thought
pregnant women were beautiful and Erika by far was the most beautiful of
all.
	As Erika stood there, her large belly full of child, the doctor felt his
cock hardening.  Nothing turned him on more then knowing there was a child
in that tummy.  A child that got there when another man squirted his cum up
in her hot pussy one night.  Erika's large breasts were swollen with milk
and ready to be sucked.  The doctor wanted badly to do that sucking for her
but her husband was right outside.
	Erika noticed the way the young doctor stared at her full tits and she
smiled.
	"Ooo, my boobies hurt so bad," Erika moaned.  "They're so full they ache."
	Erika began rubbing her large breasts for emphasis as she squeezed little
beads of milk out of her nipples.
	"See?" she moaned.   "They're so full they just leak all the time."
	"Well have you been using a pump?" the doctor whispered.
	"No," Erika admitted.  "My husband has been drinking my milk when I get
full like this."
	"I could let him come in and…" the doctor started to say.
	"No," Erika pouted.  "Can't you do something about it?"
	"Without getting a pump all I could do is the same thing your husband can
do," the doctor said quietly with a shake in his voice.
	"Could you?" Erika asked.
	"Get a pump?"
	"No," Erika moaned.  "Could you do what my husband does?"
	"Uh," the doctor struggled with what he should do.  Looking at the door
and back at her again he rubbed his jaw which was starting to accumulate
some stubble.  "What if your husband…"
	"He won't come in I swear," Erika said as she began squeezing her breasts
again in offering.
	"Ok," the doctor gave in.  "Just a little bit."
	Erika brushed her long blonde hair off her left breast and held it out to
her doctor.
	"Go ahead," she said.  "Suck my milk."
	Nervously the doctor leaned down and covered Erika's big fat nipple with
his hot mouth.  Like a baby the doctor began sucking on her nipple until a
warm jet of milk squirted onto his tongue.
	"Uhhh!" Erika moaned quietly as she felt her milk squirt out into her
doctors mouth.  "Drink it baby.  Drink it!"
	One of the doctor's big strong hands cupped Erika's breast and squeezed
more milk out as the other rubbed her swollen belly.
	"I can feel your baby moving," the doctor whispered as he suckled at her
big nipple with eagerness.
	"Let's show my baby how much of a whore her mother really is," Erika
panted heavily as she ran her fingers through her doctors thick black hair.
"Yes!" the doctor growled.
"I want her to feel her doctors big cock inside her mommy before she's
born," Erika moaned with the thought.
"Oh God yes," the doctor groaned as he let go of Erika and struggled to
unzip his pants.
"I want her to know her mother is the biggest slut there is," Erika said as
she turned around and assumed the position the doctor had been telling her
about.  "I'll come in for check ups and let her watch you fuck me."
"Oh yes, yes," the doctor moaned as he wasted no time in pulling out his
engorged cock.
The doctor's shaft was thick and lined with dark blue viens, something that
always turned Erika on.
"Give me that fucking cock," Erika whispered so her husband couldn't hear
as she pulled her ass up to give the doctor a better view of her blonde
pussy.
Like the surgeon he was the doctor guided his stiff cock between Erika's
dripping lips and pushed up inside her with one long thrust.
"OH!" Erika gasped out loud as she grabbed the hand rail on her bed to keep
from being pushed over.  "It's been so long!"
Erika's doctor grabbed her strong hips and began pumping his big cock up
inside her with wild abandon.  The room resonated with the sound of thigh
slapping against bare naked ass.
"Fuck me!" Erika panted quietly but with forcefullness in her voice.  "I
want my baby to feel your cock inside me."
"She can," the doctor grunted as he watched the door waiting to get caught.
"She can?" Erika seemed surprised as bounced on her doctor's big cock. 
"Can you feel that baby?  Can you feel mommy getting fucked?"
"Whatever the mother experiences, she experiences," the doctor huffed with
his heavy exertion.
"So if you make me cum is she going to feel that too?" Erika breathed in
gasps.
"Oh ya," the doctor said as he put his hands on Erika's big belly and
rubbed it gently.  "She can feel everything."
"Oh good," Erika panted.  "Hang on baby.  Mommy's going to give you a
present."
"Are you about to cum?" the doctor asked somewhat shocked as he pumped away
at the wife of the poor man sitting in the hall.
"Any minute now," Erika panted.  "Just keep doing that."
"Does your husband know you cheat on him?" the doctor managed to ask as he
worked his pole in and out of his hot young patient.
"He's caught me a few times," Erika panted.  "But he always stays with me
when I tell him I'll stop."
"But you wont stop, will you?" the doctor asked.
"Shhh," Erika whispered.   "Just fuck me harder.  I'm almost there!"
Eagerly the doctor grabbed Erika's hips again and began pounding her well
lubricated pussy with deeper strokes.
"Here I cum," Erika gasped.  "Oh God I'm going to cum!"
The doctor wisely covered his hand over Erika's mouth as she nearly let out
a scream that would have gotten them both in deep trouble.  Instead Erika
bit down on the fingers pushed into her mouth and nearly broke skin and she
groaned loudly with pleasure, her tight ass girating in circles.
"There you go baby," Erika groaned.  "Mommy's cumming."
Just then, completely unexpectedly the young doctor's cock erupted inside
Erika, spurting hot cum deep inside her juicy pussy.
"Oh yes!" Erika gasped.  "There's your doctors hot cum inside me!  Feel it
baby? Feel it?"
The doctor carefully squirted every last drop of his hot load inside the
pregnant woman before pulling out.
"Thank you doctor," Erika smiled sweetly as she carefully walked to her
bed, cum running out of her pussy and down her leg.  "My daughter and I
both enjoyed that very much."


Father of the Groom

	Erika called her step father first thing after Brad's plane left for
Chicago.  Though her step mother answered the phone, Erika somehow managed
to get her step dad on the phone without her still on the line.
	"Hello Erika," John spoke like a true friend.  "How are things going with
you and Brad?"
	"Great! Wonderful," Erika said excitedly.  "Of course Brad's out of town
now so I'm a little lonely, but things are going great."
	"Well if you want something to do you can always come visit us," John
offered.  Erika heard her step mother second the motion from the back room.
	"Actually," Erika said choosing her words carefully.  "I kinda was hoping
to see you sometime so I can thank you for everything you've done for us."
	"Oh you don't need to thank us," John laughed.
	"No not thank both of you," Erika laughed back.  "Just you, personally.  I
was kinda hoping I could see you alone sometime so I could thank you in
private."
	"How so?" John said more seriously now as he tried to keep his wife from
hearing this new discussion.
	"Well Brad's out of town and everything," Erika tried to sound girlish and
flirty, "and I was hoping you could come over, alone, and let me thank you
personally."
	"Sounds good," John said trying to sound non chalaunt as his cock began to
harden at what appeared to be his step daughter offering to have sex with
him.
	"What did you have in mind?" John asked looking at his wife who was
thankfully not listening any longer.
	"Anything you want," Erika said breathing sexily into the phone to let him
know what she meant.
	"Oh ya?" John said turning his back so his wife could not she his growing
hard on.
	"Ya," Erika breathed into the phone.  "If you come over tonight I'll start
by sitting you on our couch and giving your cock a long hard suck till you
cum in my mouth."
	"No kidding?" John said shakily as his cock was fully erect and dripping
pre-cum.
	"And if you can stay the night with me I'll let you fuck my hot pussy and
tight ass until you just can't cum any more."
	"I'll be there tonight," John whispered into the phone.  "No matter what
the hell happens, I'll be there tonight!"

	John arrived no more than three hours later and vowed to stay the entire
night with Erika.  Erika began the night be immediately making good on her
promise and giving her step father head in their livingroom.  John's cock
was long and curved like her husbands and reminded her how much she missed
Brad both times he made her cum.
	By midnight John's long curved cock found itself burried deep up Erika's
tight ass as she grabbed the headboard in a doggie position and let him
drill her like a teenager getting his first lay.
	Simultaneously John erupted cum into her hot little ass as the phone rang
loudly.  Struggling to regain her breath as John pumped slowly the last of
his semen, Erika answered the phone.
	"Hello? Oh HI SWEETY!" Erika bubbled with enthusiasm for her husband.
	John left his cock stuffed up Erika's tight hole as he rubbed his balls to
urge more of his load out.  Knowing he was fucking his son's wife up the
ass while he was on the phone made him squirt a few more shots he didn't
know where in him.
	"What did I do today?" Erika asked with a smile back at her step father
who was not pulling out his still hard cock and jerking the last dribbles
into her open hole.  "I saw your father today.  I let him know how thankful
we were for everything."
	John smiled as he sat back on the bed and watched his cum run down Erika's
crack and over her blonde snatch.
	"Oh I think he was very happy that I thanked him," Erika said looking at
John with a quizzical look.
	John smiled back and nodded a yes.
	"I think I'll thank him again in the morning," Erika told her husband. 
"Just to be sure."

Black on Blonde

	Erika waited until no one was around before she went to work on the old
black musician. 
	"I love your music," she said as the old black man still played his
guitar.
	"Why thank you," the man replied with a weary smile.
	Erika shifted her weight to her other hip, making her short black skirt
ride up further on her long white leg.
	"I just love musicians," Erika smiled.  "I always get so horny when I see
someone who knows how to play an instrument."
	"Ya," the old man smiled, "music can be seductive for sure."
	The old man was not getting the hint so Erika decided to push harder.
	"You know, whenever I see a good musician like yourself I just can't help
myself.  All I want to do is fuck them hard you know?"
	The old man stopped playing suddenly and looked up at the gorgeous rich
blonde with long legs standing in front of him.
	"I'm way to old for this shit," the old man said.  "If you came here to
tease a poor old man you can take it somewhere else."
	Erika could see someone coming down the street and knew she had to work
fast now.
	"I came here because I love your music and I want to fuck you to show you
how much," Erika said.
	"Ok," the old man said sarcastically.  "Then where do you want to go?"
	"How 'bout down that alley, behind the dumpster," Erika suggested with a
nod of her head.
	"Let me get this straight," the old man said before he stopped suddenly to
let the pedestrian walk on by.  "Let me get this straight.  You want to go
down a dark alley with a black man you don't even know?"
	"I know you by your music," Erika said.  "Besides, what's the worst you
could do?  Rape me?  I told you I already want to fuck you."
	"Well Goddamn woman," the black man laughed.  "What are we wastin' all
this time for then?"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
