
                      The Ecology of the Unicorn

     It has recently come to my attention that some of my colleages of
the Mystical College of Abeth are unaware of the true nature of that
most mystical and magical of creatures, the unicorn.  Most of my
friends and fellow members of the College are knowledgable as to the
folk-tales and myth surrounding the unicorn, but these stories and
legends are a mere portion of the truth.
     As most know, the unicorn has the appearance of a large goat,
with chin-whiskers and all, but with only a single horn, a cubit long,
emerging from the center of its forehead.  The unicorn lives in the
deepest forest, safe from men, its most-feared predator.  The
unicorn's horn is imbued with many magical properties, including the
ability to heal wounds with a touch, to purify poluted waters, and
intensify the love a coouples who should happen to espy one.  The horn
is also a fearsome weapon in battle, with packs of wolves easily slain
by the unicorn, and even the great dragons bested on occasion.  It is
also thought that drinking a potion of ground unicorn horn will give
potency and virility to a man, for it is apparently a curious fact
that all unicorns are male.
     And while it is true that no hunter can catch a unicorn, and that
only a female virgin of the most pure and chaste variety will be able
to lure one to herself, all is not quite as it seems.  The unicorn
will indeed approach the maiden, and lay its head in her lap, but then
events will take an unexpected turn.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

     Wissa stood in the forest, the hunters behind her.  While she
knew the ways of a man with a woman, she had never been with a man,
and indeed had never even kissed one, not counting her papa.  She also
knew why she was there, and why the hunters were there.  They were
hunting unicorn, to kill it and take its horn, which would be sold for
a fortune.  Her parents had been paid a substantial fee for her
accompanying the hunters, and she had aquiesced, for the money would
make life much easier for a long time to come.
     But, during their trek through the forest, to a place where a
unicorn was supposed to live, she had listened to the tales the
hunters told.  Tales of how beautiful the unicorn was, and the magical
things it could do.  Wissa had resolved that, if she could, she would
warn the unicorn away from the hunters.
     As the party entered the deep brush, the hunters spread out
slightly, still keeping in sight of one another, but covering the
greatest possible ground, looking for signs of the unicorn.  Shortly,
one man shouted-he'd found fairly fresh tracks.  They followed the
tracks to a small pool, formed by a spring bubbling up from the
ground.  So the hunters prepared a place for Wissa, and she sat down,
(115 min left), (H)elp, More? preparing for the wait.  The hunters dispersed themselves around the
area, and readied themselves.
     Several hours passed, with no sign of the unicorn.  Wissa grew
uncomfortable, and then she finally stood, telling the head hunter
that she had to go relieve herself.  He agreed, and sent her away from
the pool.  Wissa went a short distance and found a convenient bush.
     Just as she finished, she looked up.  There was the unicorn,
staring at her!  Wissa was almost overcome by the sheer beauty of the
unicorn.  He tossed his head at her, then turned away.  After a few
paces he stopped, turned, and repeated the movement.  "He must want me
to follow him," she thought.  So she rose, and followed after.
     The unicorn silently led her deeper into the forest.  Wissa
followed for near a half-mile.  He led her to a secluded glade, with a
large pool of water, with a small waterfall trickling into it.  There
the unicorn stopped to drink, so Wissa did too.  After satiating their
thirst, the unicorn moved toward the edge of the clearing, and knelt.
Wissa thought she should kneel, too, and did so, a few feet from the
'corn.
     Wissa watched as the unicorn shuffled closer to her, an laid its
head in her lap.  Wissa felt a wave of emotion wash through her,
settling in the viscinity of her pussy.  For some reason, she had not
tucked her skirts under her legs as she sat, so when the unicorn
suddenly moved them up towards her waist, she was taken by surprise.
But its hot breath on her bare cunt-lips felt too wonderful for her to
complain, or to readjust her skirts.
     As it began to nibble at the folds between her legs, the
unicorn`s flexible lips sent waves of pleasure through Wissa.  Her
juices started to flow, and were eagerly licked up by the unicorn's
long tongue.  As it caressed her throbbing clit, Wissa began to lean
back, and her hands unavoidable reached up to find her nipples, hard
nubs on her well-formed chest.  She piched them through the fabric.
They grew harder still.  As the unicorn started to thrust its tongue
into her love canal, Wissa pulled down her decolletage, and fondled
her breasts directly, without heavy fabric interfering with any of the
wonderful sensations.  As the unicorn tounge plunged in and out of
her, Wissa began to shake with the force of her impending orgasm.  Her
hips began to buck, and her come spilled out of her cunt.  The juices
were swallowed by the unicorn, which had continued to lick, nibble,
and tease her clit.  Her moans and gasps of pleasure echoed around the
small clearing and out across the pool of water.
     As the tremors began to subside, Wissa returned to some awareness
of her surroundings.  As she looked up from where she had lain back,
she saw the unicorn, laying between her outspread legs, with her come
all over the tiny beard below its chin (and on most of the rest of its
muzzle).  As he got to his feet, Wissa saw the large black cock
hanging between its legs, rigid with urgency.  A drop of pre-come fell
as she watched.  Wissa knew what she had to do.  She got to her feet,
then stood and shed her clothing, which was gathered around her waist.
The unicorn waited, expectantly.  Wissa turned, dropped to her knees,
and bent forward to place her hands on the ground.  The unicorn, its
cock fully erect, moved forward.  As Wissa felt the 'corn's chest
brush her back, she moved back to meet that which she felt such a need
for.  The tip of the long, dark cock brushed her anus as the unicorn
halted, then it drifted lower, to place itself against the entrance to
her pussy.  Wissa felt it start to enter her, and the unicorn moved
forward, embedding itself into her, but no more than an inch before
Wissa's tight, unused pussy held it fast.
     They began to rock, forward and back.  As the unicorn's cock
pulled out of Wissa, she moved forward, until only its head remained
inside her.  Then the two moved together, sawing the cock into Wissa's
cunt, forcing a little deeper into her every time, until it was
blocked.  Once, twice more the way was blocked.  But on the third
time, her maidenhood gave way.  Wissa yelped in pain, but it quickly
subsided into greater pleasure.  One hand reached up to her chest,
alternately tweaking one nipple, then the other.  Shivers ran up and
down her spine as the rough belly hairs rubbed her smooth-skinned
back.
     As they pulled apart, then together again, the unicorn's prick
continued to press farther into Wissa with each thrust, until finally
it pressed against her cervix with each stroke.  Her juices ran freely
now, and each time the unicorn's cock pulled out, it glistened in the
sunlight.  Wissa began to moan and squeal again, as her climax
approached.  The unicorn's squeals matched hers as it cock began to
throb with the impending release.  They bucked and swayed, first
apart, then together again with increasing force.  With a sound that
was almost a scream, the unicorn began to come, its first surge
seeming to fill Wissa's already overfull pussy with liquids.  Wissa
cried out as her orgasm reached its peak, and she started to come
again.  As further spurts of come filled Wissa, and seeped out of her,
she shuddered, nearly in time with the unicorn.
     As their orgasms eased, the two remained in position for several
endless minutes, with his cock still buried in her.  Finally, they
pulled apart, and collapsed down onto the sweet grasses, with Wissa
nestled up against the unicorn's flank.
     Wissa awoke much later, feeling chilled.  Sunlight slanted low
into the clearing.  The unicorn was gone, and she could hear the
shouts of the hunters as they called her name, evidently searching for
her.  Wissa quickly climbed into her dress, and called back, running
to meet them, so they wouldn't discover the glade.  As the hunters
gathered around where she found the first one, Wissa explained that
she had gone too far when she had gone to relieve herself, and had
gotten lost.  She told them that she hadn't cried out, for fear of
scaring away the unicorn, should it be near.  Since it was so late,
everyone started back to camp.
     Two more weeks passed, with Wissa going to various locations the
hunters found, and waiting there.  Since she was no longer virgin, the
unicorn did not come of course, so all the traps the hunters set came
to nought.  Eventually, they gave up, and headed home.

     In the following months, it became obvious that Wissa was
pregnant.  Her parents pressed her closely for the identity of the
father, but Wissa told them nothing.  Eventually, her time came, and
as Wissa lay groaning on the bed, the first things she heard were the
shriek of the midwife, and a soft nicker, as her newborn unicorn colt
rose up on spindly legs.  To the horror of her mother and the midwife,
Wissa weakly drew the colt to her breast, to nurse.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

     It is my sincerest wishes that, by the means of this treatise, my
colleagues of the Mystical College of Abeth have been edified as to
the ecology of the unicorn, both its natural habitat and mannerisms,
and most especially its peculiar means of reproduction.  I hereby
place this treatise in the Great Library of the Mystical College of
Abeth, for the now and for the future inhabitants and students of its
magical arts and treasures.
                                             Jadben Veldben
                                             Wizard of Calben Town
                                             Great Forest of Abeth
