"Workers Unite!"

I just had to write to share my wildest experience ever! First of all, I'm 25
years old, and I've been married for three years. Occasionally, my co-workers
and I go out for a night of dancing. Well, the last time we planned this, my
best friend Elizabeth took us all too far. The crowd of ten had dwindled down
to four. Liz and I were the only females, Ken and Rob the only men. After the
bar closed, Liz suggested we go back to her apartment for one last beer. Since
we were all pretty wound up from dancing, we agreed. Liz put on soft music and
told us all to sit in the middle of the living room floor in a circle. She gave
us each another beer as she explained a 'game' she wanted to play. We each
wrote down several sex acts that we desired done to us. I looked around the
room. Ken was a tall man, dark and gorgeous. Rob was young and athletic. It
didn't take much imagination to fill out the slips of paper. Liz mixed them up
in a hat, and picked one out. The object, she said, was to pick one, read it,
then act it out with someone. She read hers. "Squeeze me." Liz smiled before
running her hands across Rob's jeans. She squeezed and rubbed his cock gently.
He was startled, but was enjoying it. Ken picked the next card. "Kiss me
wherever you want to." He grinned sexily and moved close to me. I braced myself
unsure if I wanted to play, yet eager to continue. I could smell Ken's musky
cologne. He was so damned sexy I almost creamed  my jeans just being next to
him. He leaned over, brushing his lips over my neck just below my ear. Shivers
ran up and down my spine as his hot breath tickled my skin. His tongue touched
my neck, teasing me with its wetness. I felt my juicy pussy throbbing inside my
jeans.  "Okay, Ken. Save it for later," Elizabeth said. "There are lots of
cards left." Ken backed off and winked at me. Rob picked the next card.
"Everyone strip to their underclothes." I was embarrassed to do it, but before
I knew it, I was sitting in the middle of the room with my ample tits pushing
over the top of my skimpy red bra. The black bikini panties I wore barely
covered my dark bush. The crotch was soaked from my dripping pussy. I also wore
 a matching black garter belt to hold up my nylons. Elizabeth had on a similar
outfit. Her bra and panties were a creamy shade of pink, and her nylons hugged
her shapely thighs with gentle elastic. "I feel like a real slut now," I joked,
trying to ease my tension. Liz eyed me appreciatively. "You look great! It's
your turn." I picked a card. My shyness was turning into desire, need. Seeing
my male work friends in bikini briefs was quite a turn on, especially since
their huge, erect cocks were bulging out of them. I read my card. "Lick Me." By
that time, we were all horny as hell. I could tell Rob and Ken wanted my
attention  on this one. I was turned on by both men, but Ken's cock was begging
to be freed from his briefs. I leaned over, pulled his underwear down and ran
my wet, hot tongue up one side of his bulging beef and down the other. He
leaned back, moaning with pleasure. "I'm gonna come right now, baby." "Don't you
dare!" I scolded him. "I want this hot rod inside me before you cream." Rob and
Liz watched attentively as I continued to lick Ken's pulsing rod. He was
starting to groan. I stopped. "I better quit before I can't." Elizabeth quickly
picked another card, anxious to get in on the action. She smiled wickedly as
she read. "Do whatever you want to me." She had confided to me that she had
never given a blowjob and wasn't even interested in doing so. "Ann-?" Startled,
I looked at her. "Will you show me how to do that?" "Do what?" I asked. Both
men were patiently waiting. "Give head. You know, like you were just doing to
Ken." I smiled and leaned over Rob. "Come over here," I told her. She watched
carefully as I began stroking Rob's throbbing eight-inch cock. I gently cupped
his balls in my hand as I kissed and licked his shaft. Rob leaned back on a
pillow and watched me. I rolled my tongue around the head of his beautiful cock
before plunging it down my throat.  "Oh, God!" Yeah, babe, swallow it all!" I
gently sucked him for a minute, then slid him slowly out of my mouth. "Okay,
Liz, now you try it." Elizabeth kissed his cock shyly. Her tongue darted out
quickly then retreated. "Come on, Liz. It's delicious." She watched the cock
head as a small drop of juice appeared on the tip. "Go ahead," I prodded. She
licked it off, tasting its salty sweetness. I kissed Rob's balls as Liz got up
the nerve to put the head in her mouth. Rob was moaning with pleasure. Liz and
I continued to suck and lick Rob's pole. His hands were on our heads, moving us
both up and down on his shaft. I suddenly felt a wet, slippery sensation
between my legs. I looked down. Ken was licking my dripping pussy. I squirmed
around until I had his tongue right where I wanted it. His lip lizard slid up
and down my wet cunt and inside my fuckhole. It was the next best thing next to
a real fuck. I was licking one side of Rob's cock while Liz licked the other.
Our tongues met at the top, and we kissed deeply, feeling so horny that
anything went. Rob reached for my tits and started sucking my erect nipples.
Liz searched for his cock and continued to suck it. "I think she likes it," I
laughed. Ken's tongue was deep inside my tight, horny twat. "Keep it up,
lover," I whispered encouragingly. "Your tongue is driving me wild." Rob
squeezed and sucked my boobs wile liz did the same to his dick. "I gotta fuck
someone," Rob said suddenly. He pulled his johnson out of Elizabeth's mouth and
turned her over on all fours. "I'm gonna fuck you, baby." Liz begged him to, her
ass waving high in the air. Ken looked up from my dripping gash. I desperately
pleaded with him. "I need your fuckstick inside me. Fuck me now!" He spread my
legs wide and slid his think shaft in my hole. "Oh, babe, fuck me. Fuck my hot
pussy!" And he did! I couldn't remember when I'd ever been so horny. Nothing
mattered but his urgent slab in my tight cunt. "Give me all of it. I want your
hot cum over my slit." He obliged, shooting his hot load inside me, and all
 around my pussy lips. Ken called to Liz just as Rob pulled his cock out of
her. "Come over here. I've got dessert for you." he nodded to my cum filled
crotch. She eagerly put her lips to my snatch and licked up Ken's juice. Rob
came over to me so I could suck his bone clean, and Ken fucked Liz's tight ass.
He entered her slowly, using her own juices for lubrication. She was a great
cuntlapper. Her tongue explored every nook and cranny of my dripping cunt. When
Ken began thrusting his cock into her, she ate me faster. "Fuck her Kenny, Fuck
her hard!" I screamed. "Fuck the bitch so she makes me come. I wanna come on
her face." Ken needed no prodding. His stroked became faster and harder as
Elizabeth continued to eat me, and suddenly we women were coming. When Ken felt
her asshole tighten on his schlong, he came too. Rob took another minute before
spurting on my face. When it was all over, we all slept on the floor naked. We
had to be in the office in a few hours. We made it there on time, but work
would never again be the same for any of us. Now all we want to do is play.

=The End=
