Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@ix.netcom.com (Drifter).










Sexually Explicit Material-Not Intended for Minors

     Title:  Unsatisfied

     Part 1

     by the Drifter

     Jim's trim hard body lay between his gorgeous wife's long spread
legs as he slowly stroked his hard 8" cock into her lovely tight sheath. 
She eagerly responded as she always did, hunching her cute tight ass
up to meet his long strokes as she groaned and gasped,  "Oh yessss
Jim honey...  of fuck me just like that... oh fuck baby I love you....   I love
your cock... it feels so fucking good..."

     Jim loved the way his wife of three years responded as they fucked. 
There was just one problem,  he could never get her off fucking.  He
always went down on her before they fucked and usually afterwards
again to bring her to multiple orgasms.  She loved sex with her husband
but "the problem" bothered him.  Somehow he felt like his beloved wife
was being cheated.  As always their loving had begun this night with Jim
slowly and lovingly eating his wife's sweet hot pussy.  She loved this so
much and it didn't take much until she was cumming repeatedly as Jim
expertly continued to tongue his wife as he fingered her cunt and her
sensitive ass hole.  Her verbalizing was even louder  and more explicit,
when he ate her to climax after climax.

     Jim stopped his strokes and Carol said, "Oh don't stop honey, please
fuck me more."

     "I plan to my love, I want you on your knees... doggie."

     Carol rolled over quickly as Jim pulled out of her.  She loved to be
fucked in every position and doggie was one of her favorites.  She
sighed loudly as she felt his cock reenter her hot wet cunt from behind. 
Jim pounded harder and Carol gasped "Oh I love that... fuck me hard
honey... god I love to fuck.  to feel your cock in me."

     Then Jim began his orgasm and he drove harder and deeper to
Carol's delight as she said, "Yeah baby,  I can feel you cumming....  yes 
baby give it to me...."

     Then Jim fell over beside his darling dark eyed, sexy Italian wife. 
She shifted to lay on top of his chest and her large firm breasts were
crushed flat against his hard chest.  She kissed him and smiled up at
him sleepily,  "That was so good sweetheart."

     "After a moment when he could catch his breath again he said, "But
you didn't cum."

     "Honey, I got off four times while you ate me earlier.  What more
could I ask for."

     "You could ask to get off while being fucked."

     Then he kissed her deeply and knew her passion was still up.  It was
obvious the way she returned his kiss.  He moved to kiss her neck as he
rolled the two of them over so Carol was on her back.  His lips moved to
her swollen nipples and he sucked and licked one and then the other. 
Carol knew where he was going and almost came in anticipation.  She
put her hands on his head and gently pushed him lower as he kissed her
rib cage, her navel, her flat  little tummy.  Carol couldn't help it as she
moaned, "Oh yes my darling man,  oh please...  eat me."

     When his tongue found her clit she screamed and came hard.  Jim
moved his tongue over her clit and labia just the way she loved it and
then he plunged his tongue as deep as possible in her open cunt as his
fingers toyed with her clit and her rose bud ass hole.  Carol screamed
and wrapped her legs around his head as she strained up against him
arching her back, lifting them both off of the bed.  Then as her climax
finished,  she fell back spent, her lush  body now limp.  

     Jim looked up at her from between her long legs, her juices mixed
with his cum from earlier, all over his face.  She smiled down and said,
"Hi handsome.... god I love you... that was so great.  Come up here."

     Jim slid up and their lips met.  Carol loved the taste of herself but
even more so like now, mixed with Jim's cum.  She lazily licked his face
clean and then she said,  "WOW!  That was fantastic."

     She knew what he was going to say even before he said it, "But you
didn't cum when we were fucking." 

     "No I didn't honey but Jim, I came so many times when you ate me. 
I am totally satisfied.  I love you... please don't let it bother you. Lots of
women can't cum from intercourse."

     "I know that but you came with him."

     The "him" was her old boy friend from her college years.  She had
cum with Paul every time when he fucked her.  She had made the
mistake of telling Jim that.  Now she wished she had lied.  She had cum
with Paul without fail and the difference was Paul had a huge nine plus
inch cock that was also bigger around than Jim's.  That added
stimulation that Carol loved, as it had stretched her, had driven her over
the edge every time and she would cum wildly.  Jim had coaxed the
stories out of her before she realized how it bothered him.  If only she
had lied.  She was completely happy with her andsome husband. 
Though she had to admit she still thought of Paul's cock fondly in the
deep recesses of her mind.

     Jim kissed his loving wife and sighed,  "I know down deep you want
to experience his huge cock again.  I also know you will never admit it. 
Someday I am going to find a big cock that you can fuck.  Then I can
finally watch my wife cum with a cock in her."

     "Jim forget it,  I don't want anyone but you."

     "Yeah right, now don't lie to me, tell me you wouldn't enjoy fucking
Paul, or someone just as big, again."

     The short pause gave her away as Carol denied wanting that.  Both
of them knew she did.

                    * * *
     The next morning Jim stopped by his younger sister's house a few
blocks from his own.  They had grown up as close as twins.  As he and
his cute sexy sister Terri sat over coffee she said, "OK give big brother,
what is bothering you.  It is pretty damned obvious you are in the dumps. 
Isn't Carol giving you enough?"

     Jim laughed and said, "No Terri, it's not that for sure, we rarely miss
a night.  It isn't that."

     Terri laughed saying,  "It must be in our genes big brother,  Dan and
I go at it nightly too.  I guess we both love sex a lot.. I can't ever seem to
get enough. So what's the problem."

     He paused only briefly then poured out his story.  When he had
finished with the details of his problem Terri whistled softly,  "You get
Carol off four or five times each night and you are worried about her not
cumming on your dick,  my sweet misguided brother you are all so
fucked up on this one.  Hell if Dan's big cock gets me off more than once
I am happy as hell.  He rarely eats me.  I wish he would.  Sometimes I
think I like that more than his monster cock."

     Jim only heard the words "monster cock" and he replied, "How big is
Dan sis?"

     Terri laughed, "I measured the big fucker,  he is just under ten inches
and so big around.  It took me an hour to get it in me the first time and
months to really  get used to it.  To tell you the truth I wish he were a lot
smaller.  Eight inches is more than enough for me.  But a lot of women
love his big cock."

     Jim looked at her to see if that had been a miss speak but Terri's
eyes only sparkled as he looked at her with the big question on his face. 
"A lot of women?  Dan fucks a lot of women and you know about it?"

     "Don't be shocked big brother. I guess you were bound to find out
sooner or later.   Dan and I swing occasionally.  The women at the
parties take one look at his huge cock and go crazy.  He can hardly walk
the next day.  That's why I know I prefer a smaller cock or being eaten 
Trust Carol,  she is happy with you."

     "Not completely Terri, she admitted she thought about taking Paul's
big cock again when she masturbated."

     There was a long pause then he said, "Terri, what does Dan think
about Carol?"

     "Are you kidding,  he lusts after her like a hound dog on scent.   We
have talked about getting you guys into swinging with us so he could
fuck your lovely Carol."


     Jim looked up at his sister and said, "Terri, are you saying that you
and Dan want to swap with us...  and you and I?"

     "Well it's out of the bag now... yes my sweet big brother. I have
wanted to fuck you since I was 13.  But you were always so busy with all
the fucking cheer leaders you never had time for me.  Then she laughed, 
"Fucking Cheer leaders, isn't that redundant?"

     They both laughed but Jim's mind was whirling and he felt a little
high.  He had enjoyed looking at his cute sister's hot young body all his
teen years.  He couldn't believe she just said she wanted him to fuck
her.  His thoughts were interrupted then as Terri said, "Jim honey, does
the idea of fucking your little sister turn you on?"  as she stared at his
now hard cock.

     Jim blurted, "Hell yes honey.  I always kind of envied your boy
friends  Back in high school I knew you were fucking several of them."

     Terri stood and walked over standing beside his chair,  her large
breast right at his face.  She caught his head and pulled his face into her
soft breast as she said, "Oh god Jim, I have fucked so many of your
friends,  and I have wanted you for so long."

     Terry had been wearing a robe and now Jim worked his face inside
and his mouth found a bare hard nipple.  As he sucked one nipple then
the other,  his hands ran up the back of her legs onto her bare little ass
under her robe.  Terri pulled his mouth up and their lips met in a
passionate kiss.  Then Terri said, "Take me up to my bed and fuck me
please big brother."

     Soon Jim had his hard eight inch cock deep inside his little sister and
he thrilled and fucked her harder as she came repeatedly on his cock. 
After Jim came,  flooding her still tight cunt, Jim slid down and ate her
until she had came several more times.  When she pulled him up sighing
"Oh fuck big brother, come up here I can't take any more.  Oh my sweet 
sweet brother, what a fucking lover you are.  Carol can have Dan's big
cock to keep, if you will do that to me regularly.  baby... just promise me
we are going to repeat this a lot."

     Jim laughed, his ego swelled and he kissed her sweetly and said,
"Anytime you want it sweetheart.  I love fucking my little sister."

     "And eating her nasty cum filled pussy."

     "Yeah, especially that."

     After a minute Terri said, "Jim...  do you like anal?  I love it but Dan
is just too big."

     Jim felt his cock twitch at the offer and he smiled at her and said, "As
soon as you can get it ready sweetheart, I love anal."

     She shifted until her lips encircled his growing cock head as she
eagerly tried to inflate it more.

               * * *

     That night in bed with Carol,  Jim went down on her as usual and did
his expert job in getting her close to cumming. Then he pulled back. 
Carol groaned, "Oh please honey, don't stop"

     But Jim slid up between her legs and slipped his hard cock into her
tight wet cunt.  She sighed delightedly and looked up at him and said,
"Hmmm that feels nice.  What are you up to baby?"

     "I want to talk to you. About a cock,  a big cock.  Honey I know you
want a cock like Paul"s again.  It kills me that you keep denying that.  I
love you and want you to be satisfied in every way,  Even if you have to
fuck some other guy to get it."

     Carol was so hot and eager to get off she moaned and just looked
into Jim's eyes.  She couldn't deny it and she ground her pussy on Jim's
hard cock. Jim kissed her and pinched her nipples drawing a further
moan. "Tell the truth Carol, you want to fuck a ten inch cock again don't
you?"

     "Oh fuck Jim,  honey I'm sorry but it's true.  I would love to feel that
again.  So full so stretched.  I love you and I love your cock.  You are
more than enough for any woman.  I am just sick I guess  but I did love
Paul's big monster cock."

     "What if I brought you one as big,  perfectly safe, and someone you
really care for.  No threat to anyone, no threat to our marriage."

     Carol moaned loudly "You are mean baby,  that is too good to be
true.  And I just want to fuck a cock like that occasionally.  I couldn't
stand a regular diet of that.  I love you my husband.  I wish I didn't love
a huge cock Jim, but I do...."

     Jim pulled out of her and slid lower until his tongue replaced his cock
and soon had her cumming over and over.  When she recovered she
sucked his cock deep down her throat and gave him the blow job of the
century.

     As they lay resting before Jim fucked her, Carol said,  "Honey, I love
you and I know you hate not fucking me til I cum, but please don't tease
me with those impossible stories.  I admit I would love an occasional big
cock but I am completely happy with you."

     "I wasn't teasing love.  I think I have found the perfect answer if you
don't mind getting a little kinky?"

     "Kinky?  honey you know I like kinky...   what are you talking about?"

     "How do you feel about incest?"

     Carol smiled,  "You  and Terri?"

     "And you and Dan,  Terri tells me he has a ten inch cock,  huge,"

     "Oh shit Jim,  I used to dream of fucking my dad,  incest doesn't do
anything but excite me.  You wouldn't mind if Dan fucked me?  He is a
sweetheart."

     "Not a bit, would you be OK if I fucked Terri?"

     "Oh yes Jim...  That would be so cool.  I gather you talked to Terri
about this possibility?"

     "Well honey, we did a little more than talk about it."

     "You fucked Terri?  When?   Oh that is so hot.  Was it as good as I
think it would be?"

     "It was great, I went over there this morning to sort of worry with her
about pleasing you.  Well she tells me about Dan's big cock, that he has
the hots for you,  that they swing occasionally and that she always
wanted to fuck me.  So we ended up in bed.  It was great and she came
over and over,  as we fucked.  I want you to have that too."

     Carol rolled over on her back and guided Jim's hard cock home.  He
went wild thinking about it all and so did Carol.  When Jim shot his load
Carol screamed and for the first time ever, Carol came long and hard on
his cock, not his tongue.

     Later as they gasped for air Jim said, "Did you do what I thought you
did."

     "Oh Jim honey, I came like a cannon. Oh that was so good."

     After a long pause she said, "Does that mean I don't get to fuck
Dan?"

     Jim laughed and said, "I think you owe him since I already fucked
Terri.  Just think of it as a family debt of honor."

     Carol smiled and said, "I certainly can't let a family debt of honor go
unpaid.  Can I?"

     The End (maybe)

               















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....




