Archive-name: 3plus/upthis1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Wet 'N' Hard


     I was bored. An 18 yr old bored, horny teen I was. I
remember travelling to Orlando with family back a few years ago, with
my hormones driving me crazy. I remember that hard screw very welll....


It was so hot. It must have been 86 degrees.  I sat by the giant wave
pool, looking at all the young women. I was relaxing, sipping a coke,
and getting a hard on looking at all the tight pussy snuggled under tiny
bathing  suits.

     I noticed this blond one get out of the wave pool.
She was about 5'6", had just the right amount of meat on her bones,
nicely formed breasts, and a wonderful ass. She was wearing a bright green
rubber-type bikini. My cock went stiff again.  At the same time as ole'
spike wen nt to attention, she looked at me. I was embarassed at first,
till I noticed the sexgodess smile, and her nipples stiffen a bit under
the tight green suit.  Slowly, she walked over to me.

     "Hi there. I'm Cheri."  "Hello. John here."

     We talked a bit, about her age
(17) and her interests. Suddenly, she said to me "Let's take a walk to
a private place", as she looked at my hard cock. I nodded and we walked
along, to the giant shed in back of the wave pool.  Closing the door
of the shed and lo ocking the door, she walked over to a rubber covered
area, with an air-mattress.  The noise of the wave-generator was plenty
enough to drown out any other...

    She suck out her tongue and rolled it
around her mouth. Then she said "God, I am so fucking horny.."
She unzipped the tight wet bikini top slowly. "I got out of the pool,
and couldn't stand it any more. All these guys.. I need to get laid
before eat my own cunt"

    I was amazed at her words. She certainly was to the
point!  She licked her lips s more and dropped the top.  Her tits were
perfectly shaped, and medium-sized. The nipples were rock hard, and she
started to play with the left nipple. She pulled at it like an elastic.


"I need a hard fuck, though.", she continued, as she unzipped t the
bottoms. "I am so hot, I need you to ram up my holes hard. I want to be
fucked till I scream, then some more.", she said in a soft voice. I told
her I could satisfy her, and that I felt like a real hard fuck myself.
I hadn't had sex in a year, and I n needed it bad. Her body was young,
and so fine. I couldn't wait.

    I removed my shorts, revealing my then 8" cock. She gasped as she
    looked at it pulsing. "oooh...", she moaned, "I
can't wait for you to stick that in my tight red cunt!" She then took t
to the floor. Feeling her nice light bush at first, she moved her hand
to her pussy. Her pussy was apple-red, and rather open.  She pulled at
her left nipple harder, as she slipped two fingers up her pussy.

    "Come here.  Make me get off so you can taste my cum. I want to cum
on your face, and watch you spit up my warm cunt juice on my asshole", she
moaned.  I was so hot, I couldn't stand it anymore. I moved towards her,
and knelt over her.  As she started to rub her pussy harder, she moved
her other han nd to jerk me off. She moaned, and then explained to me.
"I like hard sex.  I want you to tell me what to do.. make me eat your cum
and feed it to my pussy.. stick your hand up my ass and make me scream"

    Amazed by the eagerness
of her, I told her to rub harder. She started to ask me to call her "slut"
and "bitch" but no more. I complied.

    "Ready for my cum, slut?" I said, as she jerked me off..  "Oh..
make me eat it! Shove things up my holes!"

    I was going crazy, watching her stick now 3 fingers into
her pussy as she felt her clit with her thumb. She helped me jerk
off faster, as her own pelvis moved to reach her fingers. Then I shot
off my first load. She instantly rose up, and cupped her hands around
my shooting cock to catch my sperm. It hit her hands and face with a
torrental strength, and she screamed "oh.. I love your fucking jizm on
my young face!"

    When the pulsing white juice stopped flowing, hot Cheri
started to spread it all over her face like paste.  She moaned as she
wash hed her face and then tits with my cum. Finishing, she squeezed
some more cum out, and spit it into her crotch, spreading my teenage
semen all over her tight pussy lips.

    She began to scream more "I am going to cum!
Slap me!", in a torrent of young l lust.
    I gave her a love tap to the side, then she screamed more
    "Fuck my ass! Tell me to shove my hand in my wet asshole!"
    I told her what she wanted to hear (with a "slut"
attached), and she rivited as she started to come in my face. I never
tasted such a deluge of pussy juice before, it was great- warm.


"Don't swallow it.. ", she moaned between breaths, "hold it in your mouth
and feed it to me..." I licked the red cunt lips, smooched her clit and
licked up all her sweet young juices. Mo oving up to her face, we began
to french kiss, as her cum dripped down her throat, mixing with my semen.
This made me go crazy again, and I stood up, and shoved my cock into
her pussy as hard as I could. Swears came from her mouth in droves.


"Fuck m me like I'm a slut! Push hard, bite my nipples.. <moan>.. slap
me and fuck me!", she said in her young 17 yr old voice. Her pussy was
rather tight, but it felt very good to me. She miked my cock head with
her vaginal cringes.  As I ramed harder, I decided d to try her ass.
I had never fucked an    asshole before, and in the state Cheri had me
in I wanted to try anything.  Turning her over, and placing her on her
knees and hands, I opened her ass cheeks to reveal her tight red asshole.
She has been fingerin ng it, so It was all ripe. Opening the cheeks
as far as I could go, I shoved my cock down her asshole. At first she
screamed, as did I. But, the extreme tightness of her asshole turned me
on, and I started pumping harder. It was SO hot and tight in her as ss.
I pushed 4 fingers into her cunt at the same time, and she started to
cum again.  "FUCK!! Your cock is touching my cunt through my ass! Oh..
treat me to more like a bitch!", she screamed to me.  Pushing harder,
I moved my entire cock up her ass.. feeli ing the quick contractions of
her rectum push on my near-spasing head.  I went nuts again, and started
to shoot another load of my cum, this time up her constricted asshole.
She drove into my pulses, clawing at the ground, screaming, and then
dropped. Pul lling out my limping cock, I saw her squirt out my cum,
squeezing with her ass muscles. As it squirted out, she moaned "I am
cuming sperm... ooh.."


I laid down, resting. She looked at me, all drenched in the sticky
whiteness of my sperm, and she just licked her lips. "You fuck me
so good... I feel like I died and went to fuck-heaven!", she said.
Then, she told me, suddenly, to "watch this", as she bent over, on all
fours. Then she told me, "watch me get off on my cunt and ass", and she
proceeded to sh hove 4 fingers into her ass and cunt. She drove madly,
into that young pussy and dialated asshole of her, and I was starting to
get hard again.  She moaned and groaned on how she loved to fuck herself
and watch me get off on it.

    She stopped after she saw me still not quite rock hard..
and started to lick my cock more. Pushing her tongue all over my 8"
spike, she got it rock hard again. As she began to feel it, however,
I noticed someone else walk into the room. It was a wonderfully built
blonde female e lifeguard from the park. She was wearing only a tight
one-piece orange bathing-suit, and her sunglasses.  She carried a small
bag, and dumped it onto the floor. Noticing the wet spot in her crotch,
I knew what she wanted.  She explained her name was Lis sa, and she
was 19. She told us she wanted to watch, and she brought some toys to
shove up her.

    Just as I thought the fun was over, there was another to feed.

    The girl explained she was "sopping wet horny" and wanted to see if
Cheri was willing to try some rougher dildo sex
while I watched and jerked off.  Then she suggested they both eat my
cum and shove it into all the holes they could find. Cheri, horny again
(as evident by her stiff near-pulsing nipples and wet sopping cunt,
exposing a hard dened bud), was willing to try "It will be fun if you
push hard enough into me!"

    Lisa then took off her bathing-suit. It revealed a great set of tits,
a more developed (and also shaved) pussy, and as she bent over to show us,
a very ready asshole. Cheri was the first to start the fun. Standing up,
the 17yr old sex mainac strapped on a huge 10 inch double-sided dildo.
Lisa helped her as she shoved her fingers up her own ass. I watched
in amazement.  Cheri commented it felt strange to have a cock, and
d she laughed as Lisa knelt and asked to be fucked. Cheri said ok,
as she inserted the huge plastic cock into Lisa's asshole.  At the
same time, Lisa stuck a vibrator up her cunt and pressed it hard in.
Cheri started to sweat as she pushed the massive dildo into Lisa's ass
at hard pressure. Lisa began to scream, and ushered me to jerk off in
her face. "Oh..I'm being fucked by a 17 rear old bitch! Oh.. spread
your fucking cum juices in my burning hot anus.. oooh... fuck me!"
"Hey- jerk off! Cum on your ha ands and in my face!"  (apparently, she
had been watching a while.. because this lifeguard sure was into this)
Rushing over to witness the extasy, I started to rub my cock in her face.
She shuddered back and forth as Cheri pounded up her ass, and her tits
shook wildly. Cheri then began to hit orgasm, and I saw the pussy juices
squirt out the tight plastic-filled hole. Lisa also began to cum, and
both girls fell to the ground and came together.  Lisa started to shiver,
and both girls begged me to come in the eir faces.

     I was at a loss on what to do...

>>Continued in Part II<<
--
