uSu - united States underground                         By:Cyberglitch

                      Operation Anti-Government Part ][

        Yep i'm back again to bitch about the government, heh this article's
continutation is more then over-due. Ok well fellow PEACH MTV'ers read on.

        Uhhh here we go again, you know, back then a long time ago, say 170
to maybe 190 years when this country was a republic. And the government act-
ually cared, and didn't sit on it's fat lazy ass. You know, back then, we
didn't sit down and bring up a topic. And then argued over it for a couple
weeks, then get racial issues involved. No, they usually decided faster, and
were more knowledgable then the clowns we have in office now. See back then
our country was a super power. But today, it's a world capitol of ignorance.

        Why is it I say it's a world capitol of ignorance? Because of that
fact that in this country the president is considered probally one of the
most honorable people in office. But now we have the clown's ring leader(s)
in office, Yes i mean both Bill and Hillary, come on folks. You know as well
as i do, those two goons are gonna run the country about 50 ft more into the
ground. Personally last election, i would of sincerely stuck with Ross Perot
if he didn't drop out then back in. I figured that the guy's a money magnet
and that he'd probally be the best person for our deficit problem in helping
to reduce taxes. I just only wish he would of picked a better vice president,
maybe one that looked more alive. But you got'ta figure if the guy knows how
to make a lot of money, then well maybe he could of helped up reduce the
national debt. Like he said when asked what policital policies does he know,
he replied with "I know how to not raise a 4 trillion dollar debt". 

        All in all, i must admit one thing that Bill Clinton managed, he's the
only president i know of, that i would not feel honored to meet. I'm sorry to
say, but just about every campaing promise he made, he's broken. Taxes were
supposed to be lowered, health care reform?? What the hell were you people
thinking when you voted for this guy? Bigger anti-gun laws? Why not just ban
the damm guns in the first place. Crime prevention, didn't Bush promise us
that to? Atleast it would of been an honor to meet George Bush, and ask him
a lot of questions about Desert Storm. Heh atleast he got permission from
congress before he decided to fire missles onto IRAQ'y intellegence. 

        Over the past 200+ years America was formed, i've slowly read up
about how America went from a Republic society, then to a Democratic society,
and then finally a socialist society. What does that mean for you? Well
the following...

        - More government corruption
        
        - CIA's dis-organization(yeah they were actually good, at some point)
        
        - Ban on guns?? What about right to arms, and being arrested for
                possein of a weapon, that shouldn't be a charge.
        
        - 21 to Drink, but i thought you were an adult once you turned 18? I
                can't understand that, if you have a 21 year old drinking age
                shouldn't the voting age also be 21, instead of 18? I mean
                voting can be deadly as being drunk. Hell voting and being
                drunk can be deadly. Don't believe, well look at who we got
                in office now.
        
        - Censorship, holy christ this is such bullshit. Oh yeah back then
                they didn't need to say, fuck you, go to hell, god'dam bitch.
                Well i can understand that, but they didn't really know what
                those words were, they actually words to curse with. And
                radio stations not being able to play music with cursing and
                swearing in it? What bullshit, oh i forgot another one of
                those FCC regulations. Might i ask you one thing? What kind
                of lunatic is regulating the FCC? Whether it be public or
                private broadcast you should still have the freedom of speech
                or did someone take that away from us too?
        
        - the IRS? What a joke, most people don't realize that the IRQ tax is
                a voluntary tax. Or in other words, Yes i'm willing to pay
                these taxes, ok go ahead take this much. Huh? Wait a minute
                here let's back up, i thought there was No taxation without
                representation? But volunteer taxes from the IRS? Oh that's
                fucking funny as hell. That's like saying, oh this soda costs
                $.65, but here take $3.00 for it anyways. Does that make sense
                to you? Do not worry, the IRS is still a fraud any ways. Yes
                you can take it to court, and claim the IRS as a legal fraud.
                The only problem is that the IRS has a bigger wallet then me
                and you. Or should i say bigger wallet of your hard earned
                money. Heh i'm expecting by the time i'm out on my own, to 
                have about 80% income tax and a big whomping 20% for me, and
                about another %160 inflation. Gee isn't that just gonna be
                great?
        
        - Health Care, oh you've probally been waiting to hear this one for
                some time now. Well here we go. Ok first of all, there's one
                problem with national health care. That being an immigrant
                women from another country sneaking into the country and
                giving birth to a baby. Now this doesn't make sense, the baby
                get's free health care, and US citizenship. Heh and guess what
                if the mother's not married, she get's welfare to... Although
                i've found a great way to reduce the cost of health care, it's
                called more efficient medial care. What's the mean, well ok
                take this for an example, i could of spent $35 on a private
                practice doctor to tell me whether i have a sprained ankle or
                broken ankle(if it was a broken ankle i would of been in alot
                more pain). But nooo... had to go to a fancy hospital, heh
                yeah they probally could of just told me it was sprained, but
                we had to have the xray's. And the consulting, to figure out
                what i already knew, I had a sprained ankle. Yeah they gave me
                an air cast, but they also gave me a $700+ medical bill. This
                only tells me, wait a minute, we don't need to increase the
                amount of money we spend on medical care. We need to make our
                hospitals more efficient then they are now. Yes i know a 
                sprained ankle isn't something serious, it's not like i'm
                gonna die from it, but does that mean i should pay $700+ to
                find out something i already know, when all's i needed to know
                was what to do about it? Heh now imagine the money i could of
                saved if they did this for me. Looked and slightly move my
                ankle a bit to determine a broken ankle from a sprained ankle,
                realized what i knew already, it was sprained, and give me the
                air cast. And probally a $200 or $300 dollar medical bill?
                Yeah i know i could do better, but that cuts down more then
                half of a medical bill. Which would mean that medical care
                doesn't mean pay more. It means the medical system should be
                refined. And taken better care of. Our medical system is
                probally the biggest and most hungriest corparation in the
                world, probally pulling about 2 or 3 times the national deficit
                per year.

        - People sueing everyone one? Oh god, this is probally thee funniest
                part of the whole government package together. Why's this, ok
                let's take Micheal Jackson for example, yeah either he molested
                the little boy or not. But to be sued a like $40 million
                dollars or something? Wait a minute here, but then he settles
                it out of court for a nice sum of money. But then the parents 
                are sueing again? What the fuck, they were already paided for 
                there troubles. Or so it would seem. But it's likely really hard
                to believe that someone who's married to Lisa(Sp???) Presley,
                helped a boy get a liver transplant, would moleste a young boy?
                Someone worth about $725 million by himself alone? That just
                doesn't add up. You know, you could have someone sue you, watch
                them win in court. Then watch you punch them in the face so hard.
                And then sue the that same person for hurting your hand on his
                face, and probally fucking win! That doesn't make sense. But it
                does happen!

        - The justice system, oh this is just as bad as a joke. Ok not to long
                ago i was tried guilty of two charges, one of Arson and one of
                illegal mischeif, i get a years phrobation, and a $60 fine, and
                i have to go to a counseling group for being a pyro. Which i
                don't need. 'Cuz i learned from my first and only mistake. But
                see this is what's really pissing me off. I've gotten no word
                from this couseling i'm supposed to be getting. And i'm
                probally considered the biggest crimial in my town. But i've
                already been tried guilty as charged. But yet, O. J. Simpson
                has killed two people, his wife and her friend. And the blood
                matches his type. Yet, he seems to still be innocent. I get
                prohbation, he would of gotten the gas chamber. But what makes
                him different from me? Well for one thing, i wouldn't kill
                anyone, and two my wallet doesn't look anything as fat as his
                is. And that's the key reason why he's not guilty for what he's
                done yet. But here's the even more fucked up part, if it were
                some poor guy who killed two people. You better damm well
                near know that he probally would of been put in the gas 
                chamber a day or two after the crime was commited. Money talks
                while the holder walks, as it is said. Oh and is it ever so
                true.

        - The media, oh you're gonna love this, yeah the public deserves the
                right to know. But do you realize that the O. J. Simpson case
                has probally been dragged on 'til this very day because of the
                media? Yeah it's true, i mean really, the media that get's the
                story first gloats about it. Well imagine the ratings the media
                getting just for covering the trail. But how much of the trial
                do you think the media would cover if it was some one poor, or
                unpopular?

        Well sorry guy's that's all the time i have to right about operation
anti-government part 2 for now, be on the look out for more kickass releases
from uSu soon, Cya
