uSu - united States underground                  By:Cyberglitch

                        Operation Anti-Government
    (Note this is only really to be taken seriously by those who truly hate)
                      (the government as it is now.)

        CODENAME:Operation Anti-Government

    What is this all about you ask, what's the purpose of this document? Well
I'll tell you. The purpose of this document is to explain to you why the U.S.
government is mothing but a bunch of bullshit, protection the weak, the so
called innocent, the lameness, the stupidty, the idiotcy of the world gone
wrong. And where does the U.S. come into this. In many ways, ways which you
have not even thought of yet. Ways that would surprise you unless you already
didn't know. How is the U.S. to blame? Easy it's all due to the way the U.S.
is run, run by total idiots, who think they are doing something right, and
make people think that. But they're so wrong, so so wrong. Did you know today
the U.S. government owes more in the national debt then the whole world can
provide, does anyone know where all this money is going. And why it is going 
there. Do you think anyone really cares. Well the government certainly doesn't
and why should you it's not your debt. But i often ask myself, where does such
a big amount of memory go to. Does it go to other politians, do it goes to
other countries, does it go to you? Where could all this go. Who know's, by
the time you finish reading this article you won't care. 

    Did you ever wonder where such deadly virur's that kill many upon many
people come from, well you can probally thank the ole U.S. for them. Where
else would such a deadly diesease in the first place come from. Why would you
think it would only attack the rather poor and already suffering people. Why
does the government hide from you vaulable, if not life saving information
from you. There are cures for these deadly dieseases but do you think the
government want's you to know. No they don't. And there's a damm good reason
why too... they probally said what i said to ignorant stupid people, screw
you i'll let you die off, so i don't have to bother with you. 

    Ever wondered why UFO's seem so real, but the government presists in
telling you they're not real. And that they'll do anything to stop the spread
of that knowledge. Knowledge of technology that is beyong of that one's normal
imaganation. The techonolgy, to move a solid object though a another solid
object as if it were not there. The technology to move from one point to
another at 5000 miles per hours. The technology to revive the dead, hell 
probally even the technology to read minds. And maybe even worse the
technology to control minds without even noticing. Perhaps the techonology
which would help save millions upon millions of people from sicknesses and
dieseases. Perhaps the techonology and reaching out and communicating without
another creature from another planet, from another galaxy, perhaps from
another dimension in time that could only oh have dreamed off. And where is
our ever faithful and trustful government going with this knowledge. In the
opposite direction. Perhaps using this technology to kill, vanish, or
mutlilate others who oppose them.

    Can you imagine that the president doesn't even control the country, and
that neither does congress or the supreme court. Do you realize you solicatate
yourself to flag with represents an eagle, that thanks to our government 
almost disappeared from the face of the earth, due the to lack of protecting
it in the first place. Can you imagine that the government is probally
controlled by some insane person who controls a red button that wold elimate
every form of life that exists upon earth in a matter of seconds. Can you
imagine that when people just mysteriously disappear forgetting what just has
happened within the past few minutes could of have been obducted by an alien
race that is so far advanced, that they probally created us in their image.
Can you imagine that fact that the government isn't for the freedom of
everyone. But for those who have the courage to find out what the government
is really doing. Can you imagine some incidents that have happened over the
past few years were probally created by the U.S. government to make us look
good, when we truely know we are not.

    How can anyone or anything stand for freedom if the government manipulates
you into thinking what it want's to hear. Isn't allways obvious that those who
speak out are the first in a higher chain to return back to the earth from a
death. Can you imagine that Dr. Martin Luther King was shot not by one man but
many, many upon many to keep society under control. How can the governemt tell
you something is going to be alright, if the situtation has already killed
people. Of those many upon many are the innocent, the humble, the
feebleminded. Our governemt is based upon freedom for all. It never has and
never will be. Because the macho matto of, "Only the strong will survive" is
ever so deathlingly true. Can you imagine that if the government didn't cause
things to happen that there might be a better chance for world peace.

    So i tell you all now, all of you believers, and non-believers. The
governemt can control your way of life, but never, never can they control
your life. Is this is such a free world, then why are so many people killed,
rejected, undereducated, over educated and no job provided for,
underestimated banned, banned from a society which provide freedom for all,
the freedom to choose from what you think is right or wrong. The freedom to
live the life you wan't to live. The freedom of knowledge of which the
government is doing a good job of not letting you find out that information.
I tell you now revolt, reject the ways of society, there would be no evil if
there were no money. Why should there be money, when you should just be able
to take what you need, when you need it. Who needs a government that serves
itself instead of you. The only way i would ever believe in the government
is if they had the president kiss my shoe. But that would never happen because
the government would never let that happen.
