uSu - united States underground                         By:Cyberglitch

                          Basics for Hacking 800#'s
                (Hey you, yeah you, your Disclaimer HERE!)

Hacking 800#'s can be pretty dangerous, since well most 800#'s have ANI, and
well your # appears at the 800# you're using. Well listen up dude, if you
don't wanna get caught hacking an 800# then read up. Ok first thing you need
definately when hacking an 800# is a Laptop(no not VGA Color and shit, a 
plain simple old Monochrome monitor with a 9600 or 14.4 will do, and yes a
terminal program would be helpful). Next you'll need someone's line you can
use so if you're getting into something big then fucker who owns the line
will take the heat for you. Go to a poll or better yet find the main box in
your town and tap into a line, using an unused one isn't a bad idea but 
that'll raise suspicion that someone's playing around with MA BELL's phone
boxes. Anyways get you Laptop already with your modem and some phone cord 
with aligator clips and all, bringing a handset along is also helpful but not
totally nessary. First choose a line i don't care how you do it just eni-meni-
mini-moe for all's i care. Then find out the # by dialing 958 for NJ, i'm not
sure what it is for other states but knowing the BELL standard it's probally
the same. Once you find out the line number call up your freinds at CN/A and
find out who owns the line their name is all you really need, an address would
be helpful if you wanna make them look bad by carding shit to their house in
big orders to get the FEDs all fired up. Or use the info you obtain for
phreaking purposes, or go as far as blackmail the person(once you find
something juciy on them) not to use their phone line at certain times(tho i
highly recommend against this since it'll get them suspicous as to what you're
doing, just tell them something like don't ever use your phone line ever. The
only purpose for this is so if you hack a PBX or Extender you won't have
someone pickup the phone while your DL'ing or UL'ing something. Next once
you're all set make sure no one know's where your spot is, put tape or 
something that'll warn you(if moved) that some one else was there, once you
know that someone was at your spot find another one, this way les chances of
being caught for a while, you might wanna lay low for a copuple of days or a
week to keep suspision down. Ok now scan for some interesting number's(read
USU-002.TXT for scanning tips, or use a war-dialer). Ok once you find some
interesting numbers remember the following

        1) After all the work you've gone through to get a secure line and
                spot, don't let some ashole you call say i'm going to hunt
                you down then move your spot, nononono that's a waste, only
                if you're one of those people who want's to play it super
                safe. If you reach some phone company executive find another
                spot, otherwise your ass will probally be nailed really quick
                since they'll get pissed and they know(and have a staff) that
                know's the phone system better than you do.

        2) If you get someone on the line voice(whether it be one of those
                800#'s owned by someone) allways act cool, don't say something
                stupid like "Heh heh don't mind me i'm just prank calling".
                Doing something like that only spells getting caught fast!

        3) If you get a carrier signal use your laptop on the next call. See 
                if you can connect to it, if you do and it's a UNIX or VAX or
                hell even a PBX then write that number down! Allways make
                sure you write it down on your computer never or paper, mostly
                because of fingerprints, and that you can format you HD faster
                than you can tear up paper.

        4) Once you find a VAX/UNIX or PBX spend some time hacking it in 
                sessions of random times, don't do it like everday at 8:00pm 
                that'll get you caught to. Listen dude you got'ta play the
                game safe. Being random is the way to go, hell make several
                hack attempts at servals VAX/UNIX or PBX #'s you've found.

        5) Allways remember once you've succesfully hacked a PBX only tell the
                people you can absolutely trust, people who don't crack under
                the heat of a FED or a Cop. Or better yet don't tell anyone
                else at all. The only advantage to letting more than yourself
                know about a VAX/UNIX/or PBX # is so they may also use it to,
                to keep the people who own the 800# guessing who's trying to
                hack it. Hopefully this is what will happen, you and the
                people you trust to use it will get a couple days, maybe
                weeks of couriering in and then the people who own the 800#
                will just simply take it down because they have no idea who
                exactly hacking their number, and thus no one get's the FEDs
                or Cops on their ass.

Look out for more shit from uSu in the near future, Cya,
