uSu - united States underground                  By:Cyberglitch

                   Why out government is such an oppressor
               (a guide to revolutionary ideas, and the such)

        Most people now a days are so afraid of the goverment now it's
unbelievable. Since most people today are afraid to litter or something,
tho keeping America and our world beatiful should be a must for most
people, anyways the law has got everyone scared now a days. Everyone afraid
to do anything even if it's not illegal. Such as...

1) Most high schools and public buildings have this hat rule where you can't
        wear hat's in a public, otherwise they get taken away. Their reason
        for this, "It's disrespectful", did you also know that if it's a hat
        for your favorite, by them making you take if off makes you
        disrespect the team that you like the most, by being afraid to wear
        it because it's gonna get taken away. Well i can understand if you
        wear them in class, but in the halls you should be allowed to wear
        them. Tell them fuck you if you're in the hall wearing a hat and they
        tell you to take it off. OR tell to rot in hell. Whichever

2) This is starting some what in my school, but you cannot wear belts with
        metal buckles or any metal coming from the belt at all, due the fact
        the someone beat someone else with it, what a bunch of bullshit, you
        might as well kick the shit out of the person you were gonna whip
        them with, 'cuz the school can't tell you not to bring your fists
        to school

3) This might start in my high school, that you cannot were bandanas. That's
        going to far, espeically for a scholl that doesn't have any real
        dress code. Their reason for why people shouldn'e wear them "Oh well
        they symbol gang activity". Well i say good for you. Because atleast
        a gang has people that believe in each other. Are you insane enough
        to believe in your school that just harrasses you for 18 years, 4, 8
        12 years more if you go to college.

4) Police are arresting so many people for possesion of guns. Gee i've
        allways though there was an Amendmant that allows you to bear arms,
        gee i guess that was only supposed to be in America, oh wait, this
        is America.

5) Drug's being illegal to smoke or sell. Gee guess what can you imagine how
        much more money our government would be saving on legalizing daily
        amount of Drugs, instead of making them illegal to have at all
        becuase most of them are so addictive. Well how how nicotine, is a
        drug, in the sense, and it's so damm addictive, and kills so many 
        people yearly from cancer or something else, is legal. That i don't
        get, and the companies are allowed to advertise cigarettes. That makes
        absolutely no sense. You know i'd bet alot more people would stop
        using drugs if they were legal, because it's not cool to smoke or do
        somethings that's not illegal. 

6) Illegal to spread around pirated warez, HPAVCT files, Consoles??? I think
        not. Software companies probally purposely release their software to
        the so called pirate scene to get alpha/beta testing really quick,
        and not to mention free, get the reviews back from them. And some
        big Elite Pirate BBS goes down, and the sysop arrested for having
        those new Pirated games. That doesn't make sense at all. Software
        companies probally put thousands and thousands of Alpha and Beta
        testers out of work because of this. Well everyone knows the slogan
        "WHY PAY FOR SOMETHING WHEN YOU CAN GET IT FREE". That's why i hate
        almost every single MicroSoft product out there. Because when you
        have questions about it, you usally probally wind up calling
        MicroSoft and getting the number of the Real company that made it.

7) The UFO cover ups the government has. All my god, are you gonna try and
        tell me that UFO's don't exist even though well over a couple million
        people say they have either seen or encounted them? That just doesn't
        make sure. Besides who you gonna believe a totally corrupt government
        that lies, steals and cheats people more then you probally are, or
        the public opion about the matter.

8) People who try and keep you down in the business world, or almost any other
        scene(whichever comes to mind). Speak up god'dammit already, people
        have the fucking right to speak their mind anyways. Don't let some
        asshole takes the words out of your mouth,  especially if they are
        all false and untrue. Stomp on those people, let them hear your roar
        don't be oppressed. Yes even i got'ta stop being oppressed a bit.

9) What's wrong with paying taxes. I'll tell you, as soon as you send your
        hard earned money to the government. Guess what they're gonna do with
        it. Spend more than you give them or useless or things you'll never
        even get to use anyhow. Because if the government were truly smart
        and could manage to keep the county out of a such a big national
        debt, then i'd be happy. But in my lifetime they'll probally never
        be able to pay it off.

10) Ever been curious about where most of the debt is coming from, welfare
        mothers, who bullshit and lie to our government, that of the 9 kids
        that don't exist and leach off of the government for support, when
        they're perfectly healthy to get off their lazy ass and work, and
        hire a babysitter to watch their children.

11) Also our country would be a hell of a lot better of if we had lower taxes
        because then the private sector could spend more money on you, or in
        expanding their company, thus creating more jobs, thus having less
        welfare people, people who leach off of disability checks. If there
        were the jobs availble they would be a hell of a lot less people
        living on the street.

        Ok well i got'ta get going, got more plans and articles ti write in
future, and remember, these articles are for you reading pleasure, whether
you actually do some of the stuff in these articles is up to you. But if you
do decide to be careful and have fun dammit!
