uSu - united States underground                         By:Mind Bender

            Phun and similar shit on the ImagiNation network       

If you dont know what the imagination network is, then read.  A few years ago
Sierra On-line(game company) started this little on-line service called The
Sierra network(TSN).  This little network grew for about three years until  
AT&T brought a chunk of it(40%) they renamed it the ImagiNation network(INN).


        It is primariliy a game network, with a front end that is easy to 
use and requires little computer knolwdege, so there are idiots on-line
that will belive any shit you feed them.  


        In order to get an account on this little network, just call 1-800-
imagin-1 and you get like 3 or 5 hours free if you  have a credit card number
Now the PHUN!!! begins!
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        PART ONE: Phun using mail

1.      INN sends a letter to someone whenever they do something unapproved,
like saying a bad word(oh who the fuck cares!!) or posting a nasty message
on one of their bulletin boards.  Just walk into a room and get a name of 
someone there then look at his profile and get his mailbox number.  Then go 
to the mail room and  write a letter to the victim.  Make sure that the 
letter is white and change your name on the letter to INN.  It should look 
like this:

        Dear member,

        Recently, a person with the name of (put victims name here)
        was using profanity in (put the name of the room you saw him in).
        If this problem persists, you acount will be put on hold or removed.

                Thank you




        If the person is a kid, they will probably lose access to INN.  If
they are the account holder, they will reply wondering what is wrong, if it
goes to your mailbox just ignore it.  You will probably lose your account if
the person knows INN's real mailbox number.  



2. Chain letters are surefire phun.  It is also really easy, first make a  
chain letter, it sould look like this.


        Send a copy of this letter to 10 different people.  
        Or you will regret it.


        For more phun, you could put INN on the letter and say that your
account will be deleted.


                        PART TWO: Phun on the Bulletin boards


1. DUH!! just post some nasty thing, real easy, and a surefire winner!

2. make a bunch of posts that are 1 letter long, save each of them, then
delete them.  if you made 50, on a board that holds 100 posts, only 50 posts
will still exist, this is lots of phun when delete the entire board, and 
as far as i know, they have no way of knowing you did it.


                        PART THREE: Phun in room

1. Have a little game, see if you can get everyone to mute you, just keep
saying "Hi ALL" over and over again

2.recruit people for groups that don't exist.

3. start nasty rumors about a sysop or a person in the room. 


                        PART FOUR: Phun in confrences

1. start a confrence, that way you get moderator powers, then abuse your
powers.  after your confrence got to another confrence HOSTED BY THE SAME
ROOM! If you hold a confrence in the tech tower don't leave the tech tower,
just go to the next confrence and abuse your moderator powers.

2. There are certain names that will mess up a screen in a confrence, 
experiment, i don't know any, but i think a certain letter in a certain
place does something.

3. If the real confrence moderator doesn't block dice, just keep rolling and
rolling and rolling, if they kick you out, go back in, and if you are muted,
leave and comeback.


Well thats it, have some anarchy phun on this little network!
                                                        -Mind Bender

