uSu - united States underground                  By:Cyberglitch

                   How to filter lamers from your BBS

        Ok well this text file is going to give a pretty specific and good
guide for getting rid of lamers, and ways to keep these asshole of your BBS
altogether.

        Ok the following section below is for HPAVCT BBS's only.
        the signs of a lamer

        1) Some asshole calling looking for pirated warez.
        2) Some asshole saying oh i'm so serious into HPAVCT shit, if
                they were they wouldn't brag about, espeically if they brag
                in your NUV if you have one.
        3) Some asshole calling who has no fucking idea what a BBS is, and
                want's to know if you'll teach him/her. Don't bother, it's
                not worth it as i've found out, they still don't understand
                unless they have some idea what the fuck they're fucking
                doing and actually have some hope and promise.
        4) And the assholes i hate the most, the people who call up and say
                they're gonna try and take you down ifthey don't get access,
                i just simply delete these assholes and blacklist them.
        5) Any idiot(unless they prove themselves somehow, or in someway)
                uses their real name or real first name as their handle.
                They only make good people to phreak.

        Ok the following if for the Warez/Elite BBS's

        1) Same thing asshole who use any part of their real name as their
        handle(unless they prove to you they are worthy)

        2) Don't help new people who have no idea what the hell to do if they
                get Leech access on your BBS. 'Cuz they're probally gonna ask
                you, "What's leech access?"

        3) Any idiot who says they're gonna take your BBS down becuase you
                have all this pirated crap on your BBS. That's bullshit, same
                thing if you're a total HPAVCT BBS(or both), no BBS get's 
                busted just for having the files, FED's and COP's only say
                that to scare other people. Big BBS's only get busted if they
                actually PBX or Phreak people(probally from their home phone)
                That's the only way a BBS goes down, unless your parents take
                it down.

        4) Anyone who calls and says "I Can get all y0ur K-Rad Warezzzzzzzzz 
                that y0u'zz ever needzzz". From experince they never upload,
                and they are th ones allways bithing about why they can't
                DL and all this other bullshit.

        5) Anyone you just totally BRAG's they have access to really good
                BBS's and don't list any. Or if they do list really good
                BBS's that they say they call, most of the time that's so
                false. Also from experince, people who aren't really sure
                what they're doing and take a long time to fill out and
                New User Application are usually gonna put it they call
                these super big BBS's. That's never true. Most good Elite
                people would be in a rush and quickly put down some good
                refrences.
                
        SOLUTIONS IN KEEPING THEM FROM CALLING YOUR BBS:

        1) Lock them out, most of the time the real stupid ones will keep
                trying and trying to logon with the same name or handle

        2) Blacklist them if your BBS software supports it

        3) Get a caller-ID modem and blacklist the number they're calling from
                then have your Caller-ID modem and whatever util just hangup
                when the call

        4) Or if you're really serious, get Call Blocking from you local phone
                company, and Block the number they are calling from(this
                usally will probally cost around maybe between $4-$12 a month,
                but is more then worth it), becuase once you block a number,
                unless you remove them from your block callers list, won't
                be able to even make your number ring if they try to call you

        5) Have someone phreak them so bad, like if they run a lame ass BBS
                phreak them into thinking the FED's are gonna come and take
                you in and shit.

        6) If you see the lamer, do something really mean and cruel to them,
                like trip them, or push them into the middle of a busy
                street(that is if you have the balls too!!!)

        7) Call up their parents from a payphone, and tell the losers handle
                is calling and harass them. Then a little later, tell them
                hey is your son's handle such and such. They probally won't
                know, but when they go to ask them(if you sounded like a
                pissed off FED) they'll probally find out his real handle,
                and remember him as the one who phreaked them, and probally
                get really pissed.

        8) If it's a stupid ass mother fucker, call up his lame ass piece of
                shit BBS(don't do it to him term, you don't wan't him there
                when you make your strike), and fuckover his BBS, upload
                trojans and virus's and if you have Cosysop or remote access
                run them, and let his HD get fucked over. I believe(as i
                fondly remember) the Robert Walls Virus is supposed to crack
                the heads on their HD. Oh well not your problem, just theirs.

        Ok just remember and age limit is also a good idea, since you
wouldn't some kids who's under the age of say 12(that's what mine is set at)
calling up, Downloading a Text file on how to make a bomb out of the sode can
or something. Then they try it and fuck themselves over. Then teir mommy
want's to know where they got the idea, and the little shit will probally say
oh from this BBS. And the parents will probally file a fucking police
complaint and some other bullshit. That's not what you wan't, especially
since you didn't tell that little brat of a kid to DL that file anyways, or
if you did just deny it like all hell. Who are they gonna believe you,
someone who's probally atleast 15 or 16, and some 11 year old brat. 

        Ok well l8r all, look out for more cool stuff from uSu, and remember
Freedom of Speech is garunteed to everyone. Voice your opions, make them
known. Don't let the law stop you from saying what you wan't. You have the
right to, and the First amendmant to back it up. Cya,
