uSu - united States underground                         By:Mind Bender

                 Chemical equvilents and how to get them.
                (Hey you, yeah you, your Disclaimer HERE!)

        There is a chart of chemicals and their household names that is spred
under about 150 different names.  This list is useful, but it doesn't go into
much detail.  I decided to make this list a little more deatailed, like where
to get them and where to find better quality stuff.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   ---- Acetic acid     =       vinegar

    you could buy this in a store, but it usually has impurities and is
diluted in water. You might be able to find some higher grade stuff by asking
for it but most stores don't carry it.  If they do say you need it to kill
some plants but you don't want to use plant killer because you have a baby
brother or sister and the plant killer could be poisonous if they got into
it.  Say the plant is indoors to and mention that if the child was to get
into the plant the plant killer would be toxic.  Tell them that the stuff
on display is not strong enough.  If they refuse to give it to you just
say you will "take your business elsewhere" this usually does the trick, if
it still doesn't work, just walk out and comeback later when a different
person is there.

   ---- ammonium hydroxate      =       ammonia

    just walk into a store and buy some, you can usually find undiluted stuff
in a store, if not, get a chemical supply catalog.

   ---- carbon carbonate        =       chalk

    Duh, if you can't find pure stuff, tough shit, i never got any high-grade
shit

   ---- calcium sulfate         =       plaster of paris

        Just walk into an art store, they usually have 100% pure stuff

   ---- graphite                =       pencil lead
just walk into an art store and ask for some 100% graphite pencils, they 
usually wont question you about it.  

   ---- magnesium silicate      =       Talc

    this is makeup, you could steal some from a live playhouse :), or buy
some

   ---- naphthalene             =       mothballs

    walk into store and buy some, be sure they are 100% pure, they need to be
grinded for use in most bombs.

   ---- sodium bicarbonate      =       baking soda

    usually pure, just buy it

        Have anarchy phun, l8r's
