uSu - united States underground                  By:Cyberglitch

                 A mini guide to scanning and hacking PBX's
          (Tho i must remind PBX'ing is an easy way to get caught)
               (and this was by request from one of my users)

        Ok basically you got'ta remember a few simple things for when you're
scanning for PBX's, never scan the 800-XXX-XXXX for PBX's, not only is that
stupid, but probally 1 out of ever 50 active 800 numbers probally have ANI on
them and alot of companies that own 800#'s will probally get reall pissed off
at you seeing that you've called just about everyone one of them that has ANI.
Basically it's not worth it unless you wanna fuck over a person you hate by
doing it from their phone, or taping into their phone box usually located on
the poles outside their house.

        Ok here's some helpful info when scanning for PBX's...

        1) Scan for PBX's during daylight hours, don't do it in the middle 
                of the night, that(so it's called) is phreaking and being
                a public nuisance, but no one really cares if they get a
                strange call during the day. Oh yeah don't *69 your calls
                unless you have the $4.00 a month thing for unlimited use
                of it.

        2) Scan for PBX's only in your local calling area, thus you won't
                get one huge ass motherfucking phone bill at the end of the
                month. Or if you want plug into someone else's line and with
                a labtop and internal modem for your laptop hook that into
                someone else's phone line, then scan any fucking exchange
                you wan't, just make sure you dial 958(or whatever number
                is used for ANI that tells you the number you're calling
                from), i mean afterall you wouldn't wanna hack into your own
                phone line or your parents. Hook into someone's line who you
                hate, can't stand, etc...

        3) Once you get your number start war-dialing at times you know they
                don't use their phone line. After all you don't wanna be
                wardialing and then they pickup and try to make a call and
                can't and spend a fucking hour trying to figure out why they
                can't call anywhere.

        4) Once you're done scanning on someone else's phone line, phreak a
                couple a friends, stores, etc... watch the fucker get into so
                much trouble. Hell dial 911 and scream into the phone then
                hangup, get your ass out of there, and watch the police be
                over his house in less then a few minutes.

        5) Ok now that you got your list of good numbers to use. You can
                either hack them from the line you've hooked into or your
                own line. Though it is highly suggested you hook into
                someone's line that's hardly ever used. This way if they
                people who own the PBX's won't come to your house, but rather
                the persons phone who you're hooked into. Hell if you don't
                even wanna use PBX's, hook yourself into someone else's line
                and just start charging up one huge ass motherfucking phone,
                then move onto the next victim's line. This will piss someone
                off so much, heh especially AT&T, SPRINT or whatever LD
                carrier the person's line you're hooked into uses.

        Ok now here are some helpful hints for hacking PBX's.

        1) If you get a PBX that has a CBV system(Call Back Verification)
                don't bother with these, unless it asks for the number to
                call back to. Use the number you're hooked into, don't use
                your own.

        2) When trying to guess password think of the following things...

                A) Using names, numbers(not your own), favorite items
                B) Use code names for government missions
                C) Use total random letters, just bash away at your keyboard
                D) Figure out how many digits you're dealing with and try out
                        every possible combination a human would use, not a
                        machine, since well a human probally set this
                        password, not a machine.
                E) Thing of things like kinky toys, sex positions, new
                        products, slogans, etc.. anything that might sound
                        like a good password. 
                F) Try any fucking thing you wan't

        Ok things to do once you're in...

        1) Look for an out-dial command and call around, run up big phone
                bills, if you wan't to try and frame someone else if you're
                using the PBX from your home phone, dial the same number of
                someone that lives under about 3 miles away from, make it
                appear that a friend is coming over your house a using this
                PBX.

        2) If you're hooked into someone else's line make sure you know the
                persons number or a number to a payphone if you need to
                leave one so someone call you back for voice validation.
                Never, never use your real number, becuase that'll probally
                be logged by the system you're calling as well as the PBX
                probally.

        3) When dialing out, make short phone calls very often, or one big
                huge ass call once every 2 weeks on different days choosen
                at random, to keep them confused(whoever owns the PBX)

        4) Allways remember before a PBX dies, use and abuse it as much as
                possible. You'll have a hell of alot more fun, but if you
                think someone is getting wise as to what you're doing, leave
                find another pole or chill out for a while, let things blow
                over so no suspicsion is risen about you.

        Allways remmeber have fucking fun. Look out for more kickass articles
from uSu in the near future. Cya,
