uSu - united States underground                  By:Cyberglitch

                             Fun with Pineapples

        Ok for those of you who do not know what Pineapples are, and no they
are not fruit. Pineapples are 1/4 a stick of dynomite. Which is enough power
to rip off your arm depending on how fresh the firework is. Pineapples can be
used for many upon many of things. and they will and allways will be around
for a long time to come.

        Ok now let's get on to "Fun with Pineapples", please note i do not
take any responiblity if you blow your hand or arm off doing some of this
stuff. Please make sure you were gloves that will not leave any fingerprints
who know's what might happen. And make sure you do this at night time!!!

Uses:

1) Take one pineapple, and a piece of masking tape. Tape pineapple onto target
        window. putting on an extened fuse is optional. Light, get the fuck
        away as quick as possible! Watch that window get a big old hole 
        through it. 

2) This one requires someone who can light a fuse, drop it into something, and
        run really fucking fast! What you do is, open a cover to a gas tank
        on a car, light one pineapple, drop in quickly! Then run like all
        fucking hell. If you're lucky and did it right, you'll see a nice big
        ass explosion.

3) I'm pretty sure you've heard of flushing M-80's down the toliet(i believe
        they are 1/16th of a stick of dynomite, not exactly sure), well the
        same is true with pineapples, since well they also have fuses that
        burn underwater, basically when you light a pineapple, get as far
        away as possible! So here's what you do flush the toliet light the
        pineapple and drop in, then GET THE FUCK OUT OF THERE!

4) Play pineapple wars with teams, though this is not suggested to do AT ALL!

5) Find a fresh road kill, where some gloves, stick one pineapple in victim
        road kill's mouth or under body, light, and watch that sucker come
        back to life for a breif second to two!

6) Depending on how fresh your pineapples are, a fresh pineapple is strong 
        enough to blow throught about i guess about 1/4" steel, basically
        if you lit one and put it in a locker, you'd probally see metal from
        the locker fly everywhere!

7) Putting a pineapple into someone's tail pipe could be quite amusing, since
        after it blows the person who owns the car, will probally have one
        huge tailpipe, if any at all!

8) Lighting pineapples and throwing them on door steps are also fun, since 
        you could just chuck them out a car window and get away really quick.

9) Take one pineapple, one glass bottle full of gasoline(or some other
        flammable fluid), tape pineapple onto side, strongly suggested to use
        a nice long extended fuse, paper towel, cigarrette whatever. Light,
        get the fuck away. And watch you little napalm blowup all over the
        place

10) Like 9, but you can throw these suckers if you got enough gut's too!

11) Find a victim's car, take 4 pineapples and tape together in a 2 by 2
        fashion, NICE LONG EXTENDED FUSE IS A MUST!!!  Place under near gas
        tank of victim's car, light, and get the fuck out of there. Depending
        on how fresh those pineapples are, it should blowup the car, because
        the pineapples in a combination like that would tear through the gas
        tank, depending on how thick, but usually works. If not oh well, some
        poor schmucks underling part of his car will be severely fucked over!

12) Go fishing with them, yes fishing, light a pineapple and chuck into the 
        water. If you don't have the crappy pineapples, the fuse will burn
        underwater, and blow up underneath the water, and anything near the
        blast.

13) If you're really sick, take a 32-chain pineapple, one pineapple after
        another taped together. Light one and then get the fuck away!

14) Toss into fires from buring houses, etc...

15) Place them inside a cannon as the means of making your projectile to move

16) This one is meant to seriously hurt someone, take one pineapple(or two
        depending on how much you hate someone), light it then chuck at
        vitcim.

17) Find fuse boxes, telephone boxes, heh why not vending machines, and
        explode a pineapple in one of those.

18) Get your hands on a 22oz Power Bottle Rocket(usually around $20 for 4),
        tape one pineapple onto the rocket, light rocket fuse, then light
        pineapple fuse, if all works well you'll have a double exploding
        rocket.

19) Do the same as #18, but aim the rocket at things ie... such as house,
        window's, etc....

20) This one is meant to do damage to expensive equipment, ie... take one
        pineapple, light and chuck inside a computer, vending machine, etc...
        go over to a freinds house you hate, and do it to that brand new
        stereo you hate so much, either that steal that stereo(or whatever)
        then threaten your friend you hate that you'll blow him up with the
        pineapple if he sees you taking off with his stuff.

        Well that's all the fun i can think of at the moment, i'll probally
expand on this subject, but probally with other fireworks and shit. Cya,
