uSu - united States underground                         By:Cyberglitch

                 A serious Phreaker's guide to phreaking.
              (Disclaimers suck, they just a waste of space)

        To be sucessful in Phreaking yuo must remember the __ commandments 
of Phreaking, and those are...

        1) Phreaking should only be done from Payphones, the lesser chance
                of getting caught this way.

        2) Use different payphones at different times randomly, never let a
                pattern build up, this will ever so much help you from being
                caught

        3) Gloves will help you even more, take like $1.59 and buy vinyl 
                gloves from Pathmark, just make sure you don't leave prints,
                don't waste money on a expensive pair since you make have to 
                dispose or burn them in a hurry. Leaveing no fingerprints
                gartuntees that there was almost no physical evidence you
                were there.

        4) When phreaking someone never phreak them on an answering machine,
                because they'll probally take that first to the police.

        5) Try and disguise your voice, place a napkin or plastic over the
                reciever, though try not to look suspicous :)

        6) Phreaking when no one's around is also a good idea, since that 
                way no one or rarely anyone can identify if you were even at
                the payphone the harassing call came from.

        7) Never make a phrank call over 3 minutes, by that time being passed
                a trace could be completed, don't take the chance. MAke your
                phrank call short, brief and straight to the point.

        8) Avoid operator's they more trained in these situtations then the
                person you're trying to Phreak. And well they'll get the
                number you're calling from really quick, who know's they could
                even bother to call the police to the payphone.

        9) When leaveing a payphone wipe the phone surface clean of prints that
                might of been left, restore the payphone to the way it was.
                Because then the person there before you can say well this
                phone doesn't even look like is was touched, as if you'd 
                never been there.

        10) If you get caught, allways, allways remember admiting what you
                did get's you in trouble, if you hold out on the police, 
                they'll have nothing on you, and well if they keep you long
                or even force you to admit what you did, sue them for 
                harassment. 

        11) Allways phreak alone, it only gives you away when you're trying
                to piss someone off if your friend is laughing in the 
                background. 

        12) A good tip, phreak some bastard a couple minutes after he/she
                goes to sleep, they'll be so irritated and confused at that
                point that they may forget what has just happened, and if
                the timing is right scream like hell into the phone, you
                must just give the old bastard a shock or two :)

        Look out for a lot more new stuff from uSu, future articles will
include Operation uSu-AG, united States underground-Anti Government, for all
you revolutionist's out there. And yes hopefully a new compiled list of the
CNA number's for NJBell, CNA #'s are very handy, and are so invaulable at the
moment, but chances are buddy, you might have to be calling long distance in
order to take advantage of them :(.
