Disclaimer:
  United States Underground will have no responsibility on the actions of the
  readers of uSu. In no way is uSu to be in fault as a result of any actions,
  directly or indirectly relating to this textfile.  If you cannot do this, do
  not read this. This file is for information purposes only.



Hacking Any Chumps Password to a BBS.
                   Courtesy of:
                   ThE aNaRcHiSt


    Many people think computer hacking has to do with hacking software.  Well,
that's what I thought until I was introduced to this.  Any chump on a huge
board such Compuserve or Synergy is unaware of computer hackers so they will
do anything that the screen says.  Another thing is with local, non-pay HUGE
boards with 600+ users, the Sysops lose track of who's on the system and you
can put in your name as anything.  I have one account in a local board where
my first name is Betty, last name Humpter.  Be careful when using this though,
because some are sharper than you think, especially when you're talking to a
Co or Sys!

1.  Make a textfile called PWORD1.  This file should contain this:

SYSTEM VERIFICATION ERROR
Enter Handle:
Enter Password:

After you have typed that out save it in ASCII format.  Next make another
textfile called PWORD2.  This file should contain this:

Verified!

Save it in ASCII format and in the same directory as PWORD1.

2.  Go into your terminal program and record a macro that contains uploading
    PWORD1 ASCII.  Make another that contains uploading PWORD2 ASCII.

3.  Logon as new on a huge board and sweet-talk the sysop and compliment the
    board.  This should get you quick access.  When you have access, pull some
    chump into chat.  Strike up a conversation with him like "How do you like
    this board" and "Do you think it needs any improvements?" This way the
    loozer who is chatting with you thinks you're some kind of co-sysop or
    something.  After about 4 minutes of bullshitting execute the first
    macro.  The user will probably get confused and ask you questions.  If he
    does do the macro again.  First, you answer it and put in you handle and
    password like so:

    Warlord
    ********

    This will make the loozer think that you have hidden characters when you
    enter the password and he will do it too.  After you get his password
    execute the second macro which states that he is "Verified!"  Just talk to
    him about that and say you have to go and you'll talk to him later.  He'll
    probably leave a note to the sysop about it, but tell him that you'll
    notify the sysop of this problem and its like taking candy from a baby!

                       Have Fun!!!!
                                    ThE aNaRcHiSt
 
