uSu - united States underground                  By:Cyberglitch

                  Bying Fireworks in Places like China Town
                 (Supplement and hand-guide on how to do so)

        Ok well i'm not going to tell you how exactly to get to ChinaTown or
the other major towns where you can get Fireworks for realtive cheap(or so
the vendors say). Well anyways this guide will tell you how to go about bying
them without getting so much caught. This is a serious text files, and should
be only taken seriously. This text file will point out ways to evade being
suspicious or getting caught. 

        Ok basically you need to do the following before going...

A) Get a good excuse for being gone for a couple hours or so
B) Try and go on a week day(so you can bring a backpack to stash your stuff
        in and make it look like you're heading home from school)
C) Allways remember bying fireworks in the open, on the street will help you
        get caught, and if you're over 18 you'll probally get a summons and
        shit
D) Allways make purchases in a store or some other place that's sucluded
E) Buy from Americans or black people, i don't trust Chinese or Japanese 
        people, they won't turn you in or anything, but they'll probally
        try and rip you off for alot more money, for alot more shitty
        fireworks.

        Ok now make sure you plan out your path from your house(or wherever
you're starting out from), and to you destination. It would be a shame asking
someone for directions on how to get back to your house, and they call your
parents and ask them what you were doing all the way out there(whever that
might be for you, for me it's China Town). Anyways the key here is not to get
your parents suspicous, especially if you have the balls to go like the day
before the 4th of July. 

        When your going buy public means(ie.... bus, train, whatever), never
talk aloud about what you're gonna go buying. Don't talk about wanting to
trade pirated games and stuff, you're only asking yourself for trouble,
seriously now. What if there where a undercover sitting right next to you.
That would suck, especially if you already bought what you wan't and are just
about home already with the stuff.

        Go on a week day, Monday through Friday, (Saturdays are ok, but not
many people would have school on saturday, i'll explain), it'll actually be
safer for you to buy fireworks on Monday through Friday. Simply because you
could just bring your backpack(as if you're coming home from school) and stash
what you buy in there. And no one will be suspect you, unless you bought too
much where it's sticking out of your bag, but no one's that stupid, are they?

        Allways make purchases of fireworks in doors, not outside on the
streets. Any cop or undercover could be watching who's knows. One of my 
friends did that and he got a summons for possesion of fireworks, of course
like me, he could give a fuck about it. But it also turned out the fireworks
he bought off of these over priced assholes. Where shitty and soggy and wet.

        As a WARNING, never by fireworks that don't look right to you in some
way there's probally something wrong with it. If you're buying explosives
make absolutely sure they're not wet, because some of them explode by
themselves when wet. And you wouldn't want to blowup the part of your room 
where you're stashing them would you?

        Making sure you buy shit from people who sell them indoors is a good
fucking idea, since the only people who would be looking or watching you
probally already bought, or are planning to, buy fireworks from the same
person as you. If you think there's someone suspicous looking in the store
you're purchasing from leave. Don't even take the chance. It's not worth
getting an asshole cop on your ass about buying fireworks and calling your
parents. Especially since those cops that caught you could be out there
fucking stopping someone who's actually killing someone, or mugging someone.
Heh like my good friend says "If you can't buy fireworks to celebrate on the
4th of July, and most states they're supposed to be illegal in, how 
unpatriotic is that???".

        Also when you buy stuff, it's also helpful to have enough extra money
just to make sure you don't come up short. Some fireworks dealers will get
pissed off. Especially if they work for the mafia or something. Getting a
list of prices and stuff before hand is a good idea. Just make sure you hide
that list so your parents don't get a hold of it, and probally grounding you
just for having it.

        Allways make sure you bargain with these people i once bargained a 
dealer for fireworks $15 for 2 bricks of Jumping Jacks and 5 pineapples. 
Don't go to low in prices like "Give a really low price, or i'm gonna rat on 
you". Becuase they might turn around and call the police on you and deny that 
they even sold you fireworks, or say they don't even know what they are.

        Last but not least. When using these fireworks you buy, set them off
somewhere else besides near your house, unless you parents and the police
don't give a crap(then you're lucky). But allways time loud fireworks to go
off, so you have enough time to get away from the explosion. Especially if
it's gonna be a Pineapple or Block Buster.

        Well ok go have some fun, and remeber the more people to take, the
easier the trip will be. But don't bring along idiots who'll talk, and spill
their guts if they get caught for having fireworks. Cya,
