
 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what                 6/23/94                tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in                -S-i-X-               ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                            CONTENTS OF THiS iSSUE
                           =----------------------=

EDiTORiAL                                                         Kilgore Trout

STAFF LiSTiNGS


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


DAMN STRAiGHT I'M MAD AT YOU                                            KidKnee

WHY                                                                   Harlequin

ANNiHiLATiON BEYOND NiHiLiSM                                            KidKnee


                               [=- POETRiE -=]


VERSE FOR THE DEPRESSED AND MENTALLY UNSTABLE                       CyberDragon

LAST AMERiCAN SWiNGER                                       The Dancing Messiah

SELECTED POEMS                                                        Harlequin
                                              

                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


MiNDSWEEPiNGS                                              Flying Rat's Nostril

THE FiRST CHAPTER                                                     Harlequin

___                                    Michael Dee, with help from Robert Smith

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout

     Welcome to the scaled-down version of State of unBeing.  This issue is 
small, and we're damn proud of it.  We're not constrained to writing for 
anything just because it's summertime and feel obligated not to go out and 
enjoy ourselves.  

     Submissions were slow this issue, due to the ending of the school year 
and vacations taking away a majority of my writers in one town and mucho 
family problems in my town.  What fun, eh?  Keep those submissions coming in, 
and thanks to those who sent stuff in for this issue.  The quality is really 
there.

     One note about the editorial in issue number five.  I said I wouldn't 
take cut up stories.  That's not true.  I will, but I'd like to have the whole 
thing or at least most of it.  I'll split it up (this issue was so small that 
MiNDSWEEPiNGS didn't get that treatment since I had lots of room).  I just 
don't want to have a bunch of stuff hanging off (can you say my two unfinished 
stories... they'll get done SOMETiME...).

     Oh, I promised some people a write-up about my experience with the 
police.  In keeping with the scaled down version of this issue, here it is:

     Pulled over.  "Keep your hands on the steering wheel!"  Got out.  Patted 
down.  Searched my hat for drugs and weapons.  Cops ask us questions.  "What 
were you doing driving around at 11:50 on a Friday night?"  Look at us in 
funny ways.  "Is it wrong to just drive around?"  "Yeah, sort of."  Search 
Doorway's change bag.  Search my hat again.  "Do you have a tag name?"  Wonder 
what the hell a tag name is.  "Have you been down to the station recently?"  
Walk over to the police car and put hands on hood.  Think about finding a 
quarter to make a call home.  Let us go.  

     There.  Hope you enjoy this issue.  Read it quick, read it fast.  But I'm 
sure you'll read it more than once.  Until June....
 
--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--     


                                STAFF LiSTiNG
                              
                                   EDITOR
                                Kilgore Trout

                                CONTRIBUTORS
                                CyberDragon
                            The Dancing Messiah
                       Robert Dee (w/ Michael Smith)
                            Flying Rat's Nostril
                                 Harlequin
                                  KidKnee
              

               CANS OF SODA ON MY SHELF WHiLE MAKING THiS ZiNE

                                 Big Red (3)
                                 OK Cola (2)
                                  Coke (3)
    Mountain Dew (2 cans, 2 Big Slams, and 1 Big Slam with a wide mouth)
                    iBC Root Beer (2 bottles, 1 40oz bottle)
                           Listerine, Cool Mint (1)

                   MiSSiNG SKi MASK FURNiSHED BY O.J. SiMPSON

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     DAMN STRAiGHT I'M MAD AT YOU
     by KidKnee

     "Monsters we are, lest monsters we become."

     What is anger?

     It is becoming imminent to me.  Anger that is.

     It's all there.  It always has been.  Have you ever wanted to scream at 
someone and tear their lungs out.  Just wedge your fingers between two ribs 
and pry.  Grab their lower jaw and pull until you hear a faint ripping sound 
over their screams.

     You didn't, because anger never became action.  That's frustration.  
That's what i want to do.  I'm tired of frustration.  Frustration causes 
nothing.  Lack of vigor. Lack of will.  Lack of life.

     What's wrong with me?   -nothing-

     I want to be angry, not frustrated.

     Fucking mad I said.

     It flows through me,  tearing at my eyes and clawing at my brain.  It 
saps my will and keeps fucking me up my ever chafing ass.  It flows through my 
veins like fire.  It flows through my veins like piss.  Hurts like getting 
your testicles slammed in a door.  It bites like salt from a shotgun into your 
back.

     It makes me even more angry.

     I hate everything.  I hate this.  I hate you.  I want to tie you up with 
dental floss.

     I love you. I want to have your children.

     Fuck the world.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     WHY
     by Harlequin

     They (?) want to get guns out of the hands of the populace, so that the 
people can't fight back.  Those who would resist no longer have the means. The 
people who teeter on the edge of rebellion would be discouraged from it by the 
illegalization of weapons, improper thought, etc.

     On the subject of improper thought, it will probably be through society 
that rebellion will be quelled.  Already, those who are different are consid- 
ered rejects, pariahs that no-one who is "Popular" (i.e., Politically Correct, 
or PC) would dare associate with for fear of becoming an outcast.  This ostra- 
cism is not, in the vast majority of cases, even a conscious action.  It JUST 
HAPPENS.

     One of the most powerful tools of evil (NOT "Satan", not "Lucifer", but 
EVIL) are the fundamentalist Christians.  THIS IS TRUTH.  Those Christians who 
have forgotten how to forgive; who have forgotten the meaning of acceptance. 
In effect, these tools are partly responsible for the decline of the church in 
the past few years, and will continue to be so in the future.  They turn those 
seeking truth away from God with their self-righteous attitudes and hateful 
treatment of those not "Saved".                                                

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ANNiHiLATiON BEYOND NiHiLiSM
     by KidKnee

     Why nihilism?

     It feels good.  Partial rebellion feels half-hearted; hypocritical; 
shameful.  One wants to meet ones enemies face to face with pride.  We also 
want to make people think. What better motivation than near destruction?

     Worse yet, it's good for 'em.  If you think about it, when killing 
people, you should kill the young and the innocent first.  Shoot them now 
before they can become corrupted. Spare them this rat-hell called life.  As 
long as you are killing the innocent... might as well kill the guilty.  The 
more of them you kill, the more innocent you will have later to kill.  They 
deserve it.  They've been killing you slowly all your life.  Destroying you 
imagination.  Smashing your dreams.  Stealing your money.  Fucking your wife.  
C'mon, think about it.  Chances are you wife will have been fucked by someone 
other than you before and after you're married to her... possibly during too.  
What the fuck have they done for you.  Welfare.  Yeah right.  Great fucking 
idea.  You only have to bury them once; you gotta feed them the rest of their 
lives.  What if it isn't their fault??? Too fucking bad. Life ain't fair and 
we all gotta die.   I just am tired of being screwed against my will for 
something I don't want or need.

     People hang on to shit.  Useless stuff nobody needs. Blow it up and make 
room for new stuff.  Shit, where did that stuff come from.  Somebody put their 
sweat into making it. Enjoying another's suffering.  Let's blow up the 
suffering. Let's blow up the starving.  Wanna end pollution.  End the cause of 
it : the human race.  Why is killing people wrong. What if I declare war on 
the rest of the world.  What if I declare war on you.  Killing is allowed 
during times of war so what's the problem.

     If you let everybody fight for the world, only the people worthy of 
surviving will.  What about gangs you say.  Give me a high powered rifle, a 
box of shells and a damn good reason, and I bet i could kill a few dozen from 
a half mile away;  by myself.  Let somebody rule the world.  I'm tired of the 
world ruling all the people.

     Shit.

     What's wrong with me????

     nothing.
     
--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- POETRiE -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     VERSE FOR THE DEPRESSED AND MENTALLY UNSTABLE                       
     by CyberDragon


     DARKNESS FALLS (SEPTEMBER '93)

     do you feel the end coming?
     can't you hear the world screaming?
     i call out to entropy
     i beg for release
     but all i hear is laughter
     the darkness laughs at me
     count down the final minutes for
     they truly are the last;
     not long now until time ends
     shattered hourglass
     count down the final minutes
     for midnight is at hand
     darkness falls
     the dream dies with the dreamer
     no hope is left for dawn
     reality is over and
     all illusions gone
     the sun and earth have fallen now
     at last the darkness falls
            
     --SoB--
             
     XENOPHOBiA (OCTOBER '93)

     the foreign shows not its face
     but those are its eyes
     in the sockets of the familiar
     they stare back at you
     the strange calls out to you
     the new and unknown calls
     they transfix you in their gaze
     you know it not but today is the
     Day of Reckoning
     for you
     those eyes are judge and jury
     will you take up that which they offer
     do you stay
     steadfast in what you have
     or seek out distant lands
     change or stasis?
     and can you see
     there is no distance
     but that within yourself

     --SoB--

     URBAN HELL (DECEMBER '93)

     lacking only what we have
     we struggle to become who we are
     blazing a trail on the Interstate
     the reaper sows
     the lovers hate
     demon-blessed we gather now
     to make our sacrifice
     as the altar burns we are enriched
     with visions of Apocalypse
     healed with razor-sharpened knives
     informed by dark malicious lies
     we reach downward for the skies
     searching for our alibis
     justice is blind
     and deaf and dumb
     faith is dead
     with hope beside;
     so the three are crucified.
     the silicon sword cuts both ways
     master it to survive
     but be prepared to learn it lied
     when the promises were made
     so go plans that were well-laid
     skewered on the neon blades
     by urban hell we are betrayed
            
     --SoB--
                 
     SANiTY (DECEMBER '93)

     one of us is sane and i hope it isn't me
     it takes sane men to fight a war
     sane men do what they are told
     madness never built a gun
     madness didn't build the Bomb
     madness can only push a button
     it took sane men to run the wiring
     reason to split the atom
     reason to destroy the world
     you've brought us from rocks to bows
     from bows to guns
     from guns to bombs
     but you never noticed the man you gave them to
     never changed.
     when mankind takes its turn at the tables
     snake eyes some up sevens every time
     and reason never seemed to notice

     --SoB--

     10 EASY STEPS (APRiL '94)

     In this volume we have taken great pains
     (with great pain given to the verses)
     To assemble a collection of the greatest poems
     Mankind has ever known;
     Pasteurized, sterilized,
     And sanitized for your protection;
     After all, we know that you really want
     A good read with some cheery rhymes
     And not to be burdened
     With troublesome thought or emotion.
     To this end we have selected the most
     Inspirational
     Verse we could find, and have gone through
     Lovingly considering each word
     And removing them with a mother's touch.
     With them we have placed in this volume
     Our patented,
     World-famous,
     Ten Easy Steps to Enjoying Poetry (tm)
     So you need not even decide for yourself
     How to react to each censored line.
     Now we feel so confident that
     We offer you this, our guarantee;
     Should any poem in this book offend,
     Or disturb you, or ask you to think or feel
     When you do not wish to,
     Simply return the book to us
     (or its ashes if you prefer)
     For a full refund.

     --SoB--
                          
     TO THE NORMALS (APRiL '94)

     give me your strength that you may see your weakness
     meet the hypocrisy that you hold most dear
     look at me and see all that you are not
     all that you fear becoming
     all that you know you really are
     surely you are not as blind as you seem
     surely you know that which you deny
     surely you understand what you claim incomprehensible
     surely you are what you despise
     i think i know you well but i know you
     know yourself far better than to truly believe you are
     what you claim to be
     or are you merely a corpse
     struggling to run before rigor mortis is complete
     struggling to smile before the rictus of death becomes
     all your face can shape
     if your body still lives your mind is still dead

     --SoB--
                                
     DEATH TAKES ANOTHER (APRiL '94)

     death takes another
     from youths exuberance or a veil of baleful gloom
     fallen in a burst of imagined glory or slowly run down
     gunshot ring hypodermic plunger liquor flow flame leaps
     a million deaths and you never heard their names until the
     obituary reduced their lives to a few lines of text
     i will not fall so easily
     i will look upon the face of death and
     laugh
     for what can be funnier than death?
     but death does not care to be subject to laughter
     death takes another
            
     --SoB--

     THERE iS A TASTE (APRiL '94)

     there is a taste in my mouth
     i cannot name
     there is a feeling in my soul 
     i cannot know
     existence should be enough
     what more can i ask but life
     but it is not enough
     i know not what i ask for
     but i quest after it
     i cannot tell if i can know it
     for what it is when i gaze upon it
     there is a feeling in my soul
     i can name
     it is called emptiness
     and questing
     and its taste is in my mouth

     --SoB--

     TWO WAYS (APRiL '94)

     there are two ways to live
     one can live by outrunning death
     run fast enough and the coals will never scorch you
     one can live by hiding from death
     build your walls well so death can never enter
     and your own walls hold you
     there are two ways to die
     one can die by losing the race
     burning with meteoric flame like a phoenix that
     forgot the trick of rebirth
     one can die by being discovered
     watching your walls bury you and knowing
     to fear is to die each day
            
     --SoB--

     ABOUT THE POET (MAY '94)

     i am a poet a philosopher an agnostic
     who would have met god but his secretary said he was busy
     and never quite explained where he was
     i have been a liberal a libertarian an anarchist
     and i think i will be again sometime
     but i don't quite know what i am now
     my chaos is hid in order
     my madness is masked by reason
     i hide behind a mask of words
     but don't know on which side of the mask i stand
     hello
     i suppose i should be pleased to meet you
     but what difference can it make anyway

     --SoB--

     ASH (MAY '94)

     idealism's fire
     has turned the core of my being to ash
     for i took too long to pass the torch
     now i know why the word is burnout
     for the flame burns out from within
     there is nothing left
     save ash which holds my shape for now
     yet needs but a touch to crumble
     i no longer know what it is that burned
     save that i once called it i
     
     --SoB--

     BOW LOW (aka CASH)  (MAY '94)

     bow low before your god
     whose idols in green paper fill the dreams of those
     who are blind to all else
     when truth appears to them they think of what will sell
     they cut the truth revealed with shit scraped off the street
     and peddle it on the corners as the promise of heaven
     with words chosen to twist the souls of those who still have them
     and win the aid of those who have already sold theirs
     the first thing to learn is you buy your way into hell
     and then pay to customize your suffering
     take another hit and maybe you'll learn something if it doesn't kill you 
          first
            
     --SoB--

     FALL OF THE EMPiRE (MAY '94)

     the roman eagle's beak drips blood
     a gladius is clenched in his claws
     the state is dead
     congress hemorrhages funds
     and reporters leech the presidents past
     like rome we fall
     caesars blood is by the years transmuted
     to printers ink 
     to daub wounds of another sort

     --SoB--

     FACES OF THE DEAD (MAY '94)

     they show me faces of the dead
     and tell me stories of people i never knew
     exhorting me not to make their mistakes
     but what is a mistake is left unclear
     do as i say not as i do
     the cliche is reaffirmed by a weekend drunk
     who urges me ever to remain sober
     without telling me why i should or why he doesnt
     if what you do is so wrong why do you do it?
     hypocrite
     i wish you would tell me not to die

     --SoB--

     REGRETS (MAY '94)

     the ground is littered with the corpses
     of all the time i've killed
     seconds minutes hours days
     rotting remnants of my lifetime
     they had their chance and i rejected them
     now is the time of looking back
     now i visit the graveyard of wasted time
     and watch these moments join it

     --SoB--

     FOUNDiNG FATHERS (MAY '94)
     (dedicated to what was once america)

     liberty or death
     i cried
     but how was i to know then
     what my words would buy
     what would be done in my name
     and in those of my friends
     comrades in rebellion we were
     now our words are twisted
     to support a travesty of our dreams
     they are turned against our successors in spirit
     my words are now weapons
     aimed at their own meanings
     remember us
     and not what they say we were
     remember
     we were as you are
     until we chose the time to act
     remember
     as you strike a blow for liberty
     we did the same
     but failed to guard the future                            

     --SoB--

     CYBERDRAGON (MAY '94)

     i have mastered the arcana of your technology
     and melded it with the magic you deny
     my claws are edged in titanium steel
     my flaming breath now laser-aimed
     i hunt my prey by night with the sensors
     that you hath fashioned for me
     i am cyberdragon
     i am death
     you have made me so
     i was born of your myths
     and grew in the poisons of your world
     you created me
     and made me your archetype of fear
     and now you dare to be surprised
     that i use your tools as well?
     technology works for whoever controls it
     you must learn you cannot stop the dragon
     even with the heat-seeking nuclear death
     you seem so proud of
     for you are the dragon
     i am you
            
     --SoB--

     SHADOWS (JUNE '94)

     we live in different worlds
     in yours shines the light
     on mine is cast the shadows
     with no clear reason
     shadows
     in shadows i make my dwelling
     from shadows i reach for the torch
     the shadows flicker around the flame
     for a moment i can almost touch it
     for a moment my shadowworld dissolves
     for a moment i stand at the threshold to your world
     and instinctively i falter
     the torch dies
     the shadows flood back
     and all i can do is laugh

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     LAST AMERiCAN SWiNGER
     by The Dancing Messiah

     He's a freak, a freak, a whacked out type a guy,
     He's always moving, never sitting
     Wearing bells, floppy hat, man is he sly!
     Just laying around was never quite fitting.
     He is king of the dance floor, me oh my
     He's on the dance floor, you'll never see him quitting
     He gets all the chicks, he catches her eye
     Cuz he's a freak, to the mad house he's committing
     He's all sly with the chicks he's romancing
     Dancing, now dancing's something he can do
     He moves like the wind, 'specially when he's dancing
     Doing the mashed potato, even the boogaloo
     He makes a big show, no way is he meek,
     Dancing like a fool, acting like a freak.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     SELECTED POEMS
     by Harlequin
                 

     SOMETHiNG MUST BREAK

     Two ways to choose (or raise the dead)
     with pain behind, go straight ahead
     room full of people - grouping as one
     I can't break out now, the time just won't come

     Two ways to choose, which way to go
     decide for me, please let me know
     looked in the mirror - saw I was wrong
     If I could get back to... where I belong
     where I belong

     Two ways to choose, which way to go
     I paused for one - whom signs forbode
     If we were immortal, we would not bend
     washed up on the beach here, struggling for air
     
     I see your face still in my window
     Tormented clouds won't set me free
     
     something must break now
     this life isn't mine
     something must break now
     wait for the time
     something must break

     --SoB--

     CONTEMPORARY HEART

     Is there room in your contemporary heart
     For love, compassion, or kindness?
     Are you told you are compassionate?
     Why do you believe what you hear?
     Lies. All lies.
     You argue in harsh terms with hurtful words
     "I am right," you say.
     You are wrong. Compassion judges not.
     Is there room for true humanity... 
     In your contemporary heart?
            
     --SoB--

     EYE OF THE BEHOLDER

     In my mind's eye,
       I see beauty, love, and grace
     In my mind's eye,
       I see only your face
     
     --SoB--

     A ViEW

     Guileless... I gaze beyond the windows,
       your soul flitting through shadows.
     Elusive, I know not where it goes
       when you are hurt; it never shows.
     When you love, your heart bleeds
       red passion, pain, desire;
     I long to know you more, your needs
       To adorn myself in love's attire
     I make myself a strutting peacock
       A display, with which I turn my luck
            
     --SoB--

     REQUiEM FOR TWO

     When first I tried
     you resisted
     Again I tried
     you protested
     I supplied
     a working venue
     Then we tried
     to make it work
     First you lied
     About your dealings
     I tried to hide
     My true feelings
     I saw your side
     You hurt my feelings
     and I relied
     upon your word

     Without pride
     I tried to love you
     You returned
     passing notions
     you supplied
     a dearth of tokens
     as love had died
     within your cold
     you've tried
     precious little
      What's on your mind
      I'll never know...
      You're not the kind
      to make it work;
      You're not the kind- 
      you'll never know.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
                                              

                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     MiNDSWEEPiNGS 
     by Flying Rat's Nostril

     In the beginning . . . (dramatic pause) . . . there were three brothers. 
Their names were Lorg, Spork and Spam, and together they ruled the world.  On 
night, while they were dining on snail tongues, Spork looked up and said, 
"Look brothers!  The sky is falling!"  This of course caught the brothers' 
attention and they both looked up.

     "No Ass-munch!" declared Spam, whose eye sight was the best, "The sky's 
not falling!  That's just a large number of octopi descending from the heav- 
ens!"

     Sadly it was comments such as this that started the rivalry between Spork 
and Spam that ended so tragically.

     "Either way, I don't like it." said Lorg, the acknowledged leader of the 
group.  With that, they each stood and prepared for the battle that always 
occurred when they met space faring sea-life.  Standing with their backs 
together, the brothers readied their favorite weapons.  Spork drew the spoon 
and fork that he had latched together with spaghetti noodles.  Spam began 
molding a magical and unexplainable substance, it was said to have come from a 
crashed meteorite, that was his namesake into a net and trident.  Many inter- 
esting debates have been sparked by the question of "What came first: Spam or 
Spam?"  Unfortunately, no one has ever been able to satisfactorily explain 
that question.  Finally Lorg began to call up a horrible concoction of saliva 
and mucus known as A Lugi, many historians believe the word "Lugi" to be a 
corrupted form of Lorg, from the back of his throat.  There are many horrible 
stories about men who died of asphyxiation swimming in his dreaded attacks.

     Quickly the octopi drifted to the ground, surrounding the brothers. Their 
ranks parted to reveal a large squid wearing an  overly large crown.  He 
grinned evilly, which was no small feat since squid don't have any lips, and 
declared, "I am the Squid King!  And I have journeyed here from Antarctica to 
liberate the chickens!"

     "Why?" asked Spam, puzzled.

     "I am going to raise an army of chickens in order to conquer the whales." 
he declared regally.

     "Why?" asked Spork, puzzled.

     "To enslave them of course!"  the Squid King replied annoyed.

     "Why?" asked Lorg puzzled.

     "Peanut butter!  Dear Lord what kind of Idiots are you?!" he shouted, 
clearly angered.

     "Well, our chickens aren't for sale." stated Spork firmly.

     "Who said anything about buying?  I said Liberate!  Don't you know what 
that means?"

     "Yea Ass-munch!" stated Spam smugly.

     "Shut up butt-weave!" responded Spork, deeply insulted.

     "Butt-weave!?  What in hell is a Butt-weave!?  Can't you think of a plau- 
sible insult!?" screamed Spam.

     "But . . . " Spork began.

     "Silence, All of you!" screamed the Squid King.

     "Especially you," he said, pointing a withered tentacle at Spam.

     "You boys have two choices, you can A: release your chickens to me or you 
can B: get killed by my army of octopi."

     "Blue!  No wait!  Yellow, I choose yellow!" declared Spam.

     "Shut up!  I told you to shut up you slimy bastard!" screamed the Evil 
Squid King.

     "Spam's right!  We're keeping our chickens."  Stated Lorg firmly.

     "Then prepare to do battle!" declared the Squid King evilly.

     The three brothers and the octopi fought for 3 1/2 days and 7 1/2 nights, 
with appropriately long breaks for tea and slug-tails.  Finally, the brothers 
triumphed.

     "Do you have anything to say for yourself before I run you through with 
my spoon-and-fork-lashed-together-with-a-spaghetti-noodle?" asked Spork le- 
thally.

     "Yea," stated the Squid King with dignity, "your fly is down!"

     "Huh?" said Spork as he looked down at his toga.  Did I mention they wore 
togas?  Well, they did.  The Squid King took this opportunity and jumped off 
the cliff that they had been conveniently standing on.

     "You let him get away, Ass-munch!" said Spam exasperated.

     "What's a fly?" asked Spork, innocently.

     Lorg, however, was not so care free.

     "Aunt Jamima . . . " he said.  "She makes her world famous pancake syrup 
from chicken gizzards!  The Squid King might go there next!"  And with that he 
was off to check on Aunt Jamima, leaving Spork and Spam alone in the middle of 
a vast, open, flat prairie.

                            Chapter 32
                          The Iron Horse

     Many days after the battle, Spork and Spam were disposing of the many 
octopi bodies when Spork heard a small whispering voice.

     "Hey Dork!" it whispered in his ear.

     "Hmmm!" hmmmed Spork without looking up.

     "I said, Hey Dork!" whispered the voice urgently.

     "I'm listening" said Spork patiently, still braiding the octopus's tenta- 
cles so that it would fit into the _Spiffy!_ brand garbage bag.

     "OK! . . . " the voice cleared its throat and started in a deep scary 
voice,

     "Kill Spam!"

     This caught Spork's attention, because it was tuesday, and while he 
always heard voices on thursdays and odd mondays, he never heard them on 
tuesdays.

     "Oh well," he said.  "It must be this coastal air."

     He shrugged his shoulders and began to braid the next octopus.

     "Hey Dork!" whispered the voice, "Are you listening to me?"

     "No." replied Spork.

     "Well, why not?" asked the voice hurt.

     "Duh!" said Spork rolling his eyes,

     "Its only tuesday."

     "All right, that's it!  You asked for it, Dumb-Ass!" the voice cleared 
his voice again, "KillSpamKillSpamKillSpamKillSp 
SpamKillSpamKillSpamKillSpamKi . . . "

     "OK!  You win!" screamed Spork, "Gods, you're annoying."

     Spork drew his Spork, or vice versa, and crept up Spam.  Spam, who was 
busy braiding an octopus, did not notice his approach.  Spork grabbed him by 
his Longhorn-orange-with-avocado-green-polka-dots mohawk, and pulled his head 
back.  Did I mention that they all had mohawks in really gross colors?  Well 
they did.

     "Eat this, Assmunch!" he screamed and proceeded to dismember Spam with 
Spork's Spork.

     Hours later, Spork sat exhausted on the ground, surrounded by a large 
field of chunks of malleable meat.

     Just then, an evil looking man in a business suit came walking up.

     "Hello friend, my name is Hormel and . . . " he paused as he noticed the 
malleable meat mines, "Say are those small chunks of some unidentifiable, 
malleable meat I see surrounding you?"

     Spork wiped the foam from his mouth and stood up.  He tried to say some- 
thing witty but "Ungh!" was the only thing that came out.

     "Well!" he said in a high-pitched, and evil voice.

     He clapped his ha

               (Sorry! I ran out of ink!)

nds together and said, "My friend, you're in luck!  I happen to be in the
business of buying small chunks of malleable meat!"

                            Chapter 12
                          "S" is for Spam

     Hormel produced a small aluminum can from his pocket and began to cram 
large amounts of Spam into it.  Spork's eyes widened, Hormel had just crammed 
all of Spam's remains into a two inch by three inch aluminum can.

     "Say young man, what exactly do you call this magical substance?" he 
asked raising one of his thirteen eyebrows.

     "Well . . . I . . . uh . . . m" attempted Spork timidly.

     "Out with it, man!" he ranted.  "What are you, A dumb-ASS?!" he raved.

     "QRBXDY . . . Spam!" he stammered.

     "OK!" he said and quickly wrote Spam on a label that said: This can 
contains _____________.

     "Hmmm, I guess I should pay you for this . . . " he paused and chewed his 
lip, "I know! you want a ton of Latex!"

     He snapped his fingers and suddenly a large block of latex was there, 
gently wobbling in the wind.

     By the time Spork had blinked 5,281 times, Hormel was gone.

     Giggling like a schoolgirl, Spork began to stroke the latex.

     Suddenly, Lorg was there, standing powerfully over Spork.

     "How was Aunt Jamima?" asked Spork innocently.

     "Don't be coy with me!" thundered Lorg.

     "Whose coy?" asked Spork innocently.

     "Shuttup!  I know what you did!" he raged.

     "How?" asked Spork stunned.

     "I didn't trust you, so I left someone to watch you" he said motioning to 
the thirty-man camera crew standing behind him.  The director, Bob, waved.

     With sadness in his eyes, Lorg took his brother's Spork and broke it into 
15 even pieces.  He placed these into a box with _____________ of the Covenant 
written on it.  He wrote Spork on the line and put the box back in his pocket.

     Spork dropped his head in shame, unable to look his brother in the eyes.

     Suddenly, he spotted his salvation.  Hormel had missed a piece of that 
magical, malleable meat that was once his loving, if highly annoying brother.

     With a cry of glee, he pounced on the tempting morsel and downed it in 
one bite.  It came upon him suddenly, the illness that one would rather die 
than experience.  Spampoisoning.

     It came upon him suddenly, hitting him like an elephant with a cocaine- 
dusted gerbil stuffed up his anal passage.

     First came the light headedness, and then the pounding headache.  He 
swayed and dropped to his knees, groaning.  By this time he was sweating out 
of every pore on his body.  A mixture of blood and bile erupted from his 
mouth, spraying a red and yellow ichor in all directions.  Spork collapsed 
into a fit of seizures and finally died as his stomach died.

     Tears flowing freely, Lorg grasped his brother by his teal and sandalwood 
striped mohawk and gently dragged him to the curb for the garbage man to take 
care of.  Many historians believe that the garbage man never saw the body, but 
that the brother's strange neighbor, Mr. Finkle, took the body for himself.

                             Epilogue

     I saw Lorg many years later, he had carven a large throne out of latex 
and placed on a sky scraper so that he could better watch for the return of 
the Squid King.  Other legends tell of how the Squid King was forced out of 
Antarctica by large mounds of Jello, and how he fled to New Zealand where he 
raised another army.  This one composed mainly of Platipi and Peacocks.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE FiRST CHAPTER
     by Harlequin

     A mental image, one that I dwell on a lot:  the desert.  I'm in a car or 
some vehicle, and I'm driving pretty fast.  The highway stretches before me, 
and there's no other traffic.  The sand spreads about me like rumpled silk, 
surrounding me, isolating me, cleansing me.  Mountains, sometimes, are in the 
distance.  The yellow lane markings pulse past on the left, flowing, flowing, 
like the cool water flows from a mountain fall.  I hear only the throbbing of 
the engine, the air warm and fresh and dusty, sometimes cool, in the evenings.

                                  * * * * *

     "It all seemed so harmless, the way it began, and it all made sense.  Of 
course currency needed to be replaced.  It was too easy to copy the bills. 
Sure, it was necessary to replace the cards with something even an idiot 
couldn't lose.  The Mark, the UV barcode that was to be tattooed on people's 
hands, the special readers, like the barcode scanners in stores already.

     One day, the National Guard began rounding up possible dissidents.  The 
feeling against most Christians had grown more and more virulent; it was easy 
to malign the raving preachers on the television, spittle flying and a soft- 
cover Bible flopping in their hand like a dead fish.  Too easy, in fact, to 
dismiss the raving millenarians the ones who sold their homes and moved to the 
mountains to "be closer to God."

     Sitting in the room, so like a classroom.  The others around me, waiting. 
I don't think they know what's going on; I do.  The real problem cases were 
executed outright.  It's hard to believe these things are really happening.  I 
don't want to die; why am I sitting here?  Why don't I leave?  I'll tell the 
others here that they're going to die -- maybe they'll listen...?

     We're going to leave.  There's only a few of us, but nobody seems to care 
if we leave or not.

     Now we're outside running across a field; there's a bald man, and he's 
out of breath but scared.  We all run to an old schoolhouse and go in 
inside... there's some sort of nursery inside.  We hide in there.  There's 
aircraft overhead.  It sounds like a thousand angry steel bees.  They're 
bombing the shit out of the city!  Oh my God!  Look out!  There's one... no, a 
couple of the things coming toward the schoolhouse!  We're all very still and 
nobody moves because we don't want to die.

     One of the babies is out of its crib and is crawling around.  It's going 
to attract attention.  If one of those things comes in here it will see us and 
kill us!  Oh my God... it's in here!  It's here!  If I sit really still maybe 
it won't see me....  It picks up the baby and puts it into the crib... did it 
look at me?  I'm in the middle of the floor... and it didn't see me... is that 
a good sign?  They're all over outside killing people shooting them with huge 
rifles and there's the horrible sound of death all around in slow motion 
everything's dying and I see it all I want to run and hide!  Run, go away!  I 
love you!  I will find you!  Please go now!  If we're split apart maybe we'll 
survive to see each other again -- please go now I love you!  I will find you! 
I go running into the smoke and fires and I don't see her... the others hold 
her and keep her from following and coming after me... she's screaming don't 
leave me I love you but I have to for her to live It's all so slow like in the 
movies and there are choppers overhead and I want so desperately to live but 
I'm so afraid and so I run and run so she will live and the guns so loud in my 
ears it's the end of the world and for real not some kind of bad dream or 
movie and there's death all around me...
                                           
                                  * * * * *

     The therapist looked up from his notes.  "When I count to three, I want 
you to wake up.  You will remember everything.  One, two, three."

     The patient, a boy about 17 years old, sat up and moaned.  He had huge 
black crescents under his eyes, and was out of breath.  Pale, sweating, and 
shaky, he sat up in the recliner and faced the doctor.  "That was horrible," 
he said.  "It was so real."

     "And you've been having these dreams a lot lately?" the therapist asked. 
"Yes, for about a month now.  I haven't been able to sleep.  That's why my 
parents brought me here."

                                  * * * * *                                           

     A blonde, with curly hair to her shoulders.  Blue stockinged legs and 
tight denim shortness.  A large purse.  A pack of Marlboros.  Smoker, she is, 
and a good one at that.  Purple nails, pouting mue (lips turned downward in 
the perpetual displeasure... spoiledness).  Blue eyes....  "Blue is my color," 
she says, then turns to look out the window at the passing cars.  The grizzled 
old trucker glances at her, sighs.  A life wasted, he thinks.  He's right. Red 
lip prints in the white filter, a broken nail on the middle finger of the 
right hand.  Blue shoes propped with her legs on the dash... her long, attrac- 
tive legs, but he's too tired to care.  Too tired and too old.  Russian liter- 
ature, or something film noir.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ___
     by Michael Dee, with help from Robert Smith


just paint your face a shadow smile
slip in here away from view
oh it doesn't matter how you hide
we'll find you if we're wanting to
so slide back down and close your eyes
sleep awhile you must be tired
and everynight I burn
everynight I call your name
everynight I burn
everynight I fall again
everynight I burn
scream the animal scream
everynight I burn
dream the crow-black dream
everynight I burn
scream the animal scream
everynight I burn
dream the crow-black dream...

                        from _Burn_, by the Cure


I. ...don't talk of worlds that never were/ the end is always never true...

     It was in the summer before my freshman year in high school that the 
dreams began.  Seemingly normal enough, they got ever more terrifying and 
nightmarish as the months passed.

     At first it was but an infrequent occurrence, and pleasant enough.  I 
would lay awake until the small hours of the morning, unable to doze, staring 
at the shadowed darkness, the black within black of moonless nights, the 
shadowed blue of those reflected night-noons.

     It was as if I closed my eyes, then opened them, unable to stay still. 
Agitated, I would doff my sandals and pull the white robe over my shoulders, 
and set out into the woods behind the house to listen to the night sounds.

     I have a morbid turn of mind; the sound of loons calling in the far-off 
wetlands was, although chilling, oddly invigorating.  I listened to the night 
sounds, enjoying the inked solitude.

     The dreams would always begin this way -- the loons, far off, screaming 
their woman-scream to the others in the night.  Their calls waxed louder, and 
an otherworldly silence would choke off the other umbraic noises.

     I sensed a presence behind me.  As I turned, the loons, the wailing 
loons, would cease their horrifying cries, and I would see her, standing in 
the pale light.

     She is the image of utter beauty.  Pale, alabaster skin; ruby-red lips, a 
livid purple in the blue-white light; fine, flowing white-blonde hair; pale, 
pale blue eyes.  She is clad, always, in a short, gossamer tunic, revealing, 
yet not.

     As I follow her movements with my eyes, I see she holds two things -- a 
wrought silver cup, adorned with pearls and what looks like opal; in her other 
hand, a heavy sash, with what appears to be a silver dagger hanging from it.

     She kneels, setting the things gracefully upon a queerly round, flat 
stone, a stone which must be nine meters across.  I am drawn to her, and I go 
to her.  There is sadness in her eyes, a deep spring of longing and melancholy 
that wrenches my heart.  Always, always, we reach out to each other; agony, 
and tears on her face as she fades from sight, calling to me silently.


II. ...there's nothing you can ever say/ nothing you can ever do...

     As may well be assumed, these dreams affected me in the most profound 
way.  Several people tried to interpret the dream, yet there was always in me 
a feeling that their answer was not the truth I knew I would recognize.

     The dreams occurred with increasing frequency.  Nightly, then, I saw her 
tear-streaked face, her deep, deep sadness that pulled at me from across the 
void.  In the dreams, there began to be a sense of something _pulling_, drag- 
ging me from her with increased vehemence.

     The dreams were most vivid when the moon was at its fullest; I would see, 
hear, smell, and _feel_ the forest around me.  Everything was shades of blue, 
always.

     I began fighting my forced withdrawal.  Once, on a very brightly lit 
night, I will swear that I touched her.  For the briefest instant, our finger- 
tips touched.  I felt an electric thrill unlike anything I'd yet experienced, 
and enlightening, joyous bolt.  I know, _know_ that I touched her; for the 
first time, the expression on her face changed from sadness to a straining 
frustration.  I was concussed out of my dream-state; I fell hard onto the 
uncarpeted floor of my room.


III. ...everynight I burn/ everynight the dream's the same...

     For a week after this episode, I was confined to my bed with an extremely 
high fever.  Throughout, I kept seeing her face.  On the next to last day of 
my illness, I heard her voice for the first time.  It was a sweet, melodic 
voice, and she soothed me in my delirium.  During the daytime, our visits were 
uninterrupted, though we still could not touch, for fear of being forced apart.

     My recovery was slow.  I had never been more ill nor nearer death in my 
life, and as such my body took a correspondingly long time recovering.

     I remember vividly the night my fever broke.  I was laying on soft, 
blue-green moss, listening to her singing as if from a great distance.  I 
tossed, rolling semi-consciously on the warm, cushioning turf.

     When I was next aware, she was over me, one cool, soft hand cradling my 
head gently, the other tilting the cup to my lips.  Her voice bade me drink, 
and I did.

     Warmth filled me, and I looked up to see her start.  She moved quickly 
away, and I lost the vision of the forest; in sickly comparison were the 
trappings of my room.  I longed for her already, and I felt the sweet nectar 
of health cooling my fever and warming my extremities.


IV. ...everynight I burn/ waiting for my only friend...

     I shortly fell asleep, wearied by the ordeal.  That night of my newfound 
coherency she told me her story.  She was the daughter of a foul, evil man, 
one who had dabbled in the black arts.  Her mother was, for lack of a better 
word, a sorceress.  She had been raised by both to revere the dark gods and 
their twisted practices.

     On the eve of her adolescence she had been given, and given herself, to 
one of the more powerful spirits which her parents served.  She was to be his 
bride, his consort, and their sacrifice to him to gain his favor.

     She had not given herself to the creature, which had been enraged. 
Cursed, she had had her soul bound to the light of the moon, never to see 
daylight, never to know a man, and never to live until she gave of herself 
willingly to the creature.  She held out hope against hope that she would be 
able to reach out into the dream-stuff of some young man, and thus convince 
that man to help her break her dream-bindings.

     The knife and the cup, both tools of a magus, were given to her by the 
beast in hopes of buying her compliance.  She knew that accepting the trinkets 
was not compliance; to acquiesce to its demands would mean her soul.  Once 
given, gifts of that nature cannot be taken back, and she knew this, and 
refused it still.

     She had been in this limbo for a long time; her identity had slowly been 
leeched away by the thing's constant intrusion into her thought-mind.  She 
couldn't remember her name; she didn't think she'd ever been given one.  The 
beast had named her first "Lorayees el ka doaliim", which meant "flowers of 
sin".  After her reluctance made itself evident, she became "Gi'ra'a a'emme", 
which meant "moon-cursed".


V. ...everynight I burn/ waiting for the world to end...

     Still physically ill, my mind was free to explore this dream-land with 
her.  Never touching, we wandered the forest, talking of the things of my 
world that she'd never seen.  Her passion to be free only increased with each 
of our conversations.

     In the strange dream-speech, she told me how she felt bonded to me, our 
destinies linked.  Leaping upon a wild and ill-auspiced idea, I told her to 
give me the knife.  This she did, and immediately we felt the beats's presence 
nearby.

     Choking back fear of an intensity before unknown, I turned to face the 
thing.  Of deepest black and sickly hues, the thing towered over me, enraged 
by the girl's betrayal.  It reared up, filling the fugue-sky with hate and 
lust and rage.  Though affrighted, and trembling as a small animal does when 
it spies the plummeting hawk's talons, I stood my ground.  Never before faced 
with courage, the thing lashed out; I swung the blade two-handed, blindly, 
striking it.

     With the touch of the cool silver, the thing recoiled, _boiling_ back- 
wards, away from the girl and I.  I ran at it, shifting the knife in my hand, 
bringing the flashing metal up in an arc across the thing's front.  It mewed 
like a thousand dying felines and shredded into shadow-stuff.

     As the thing faded into the darkness, I began reeling, and felt myself 
falling.  I felt the girl clinging to me, falling with me, clutching me des- 
perately.  Her grip slipped, tightened on a sleeve, and was lost.  I awoke 
with a start in my bed, feeling as if I had fallen _onto_ my bed from at least 
three feet up.  I was sweating, laying sprawled across the sheets like a bro- 
ken, abandoned doll.


VI. ...just paint your face a shadow smile...

     I began classes again that summer, hoping to recover lost school time.  I 
would graduate with my degree in two years, with any luck.

     The summer session ended, and the fall classes began.  I discovered an 
artistic bent I hadn't known I had, culminating in a series of drawings and 
paintings with the dream-girl as the model.  People marveled at the grace with 
which I executed these renderings of her; she was all I thought of in my free 
time, and these pieces came naturally to me.

                                  * * * * *

     Finals were being held in a few weeks, so all my attention was turned to 
my studies.  The girl almost forgotten, my final year was almost a blur.  Time 
passed quickly for me, almost too quickly.

     A acquaintance of mine in the registrar's office called me on the tele- 
phone one spring afternoon to tell me that there was someone calling around to 
different schools, trying to find someone fitting my description.  Aside from 
a few traffic tickets and a misdemeanor drug charge, I'd done nothing wrong 
that I knew of, and certainly nothing that would cause someone to look for me 
with the apparent fervor this person was displaying.

                                  * * * * *

     The week of finals being upon me, I dismissed all thoughts of this myste- 
rious person.  When my papers were finished and my exams complete, several 
friends and I went out to celebrate and let off steam.


VII. ...oh it doesn't matter how you hide/ we'll find you if we're wanting 
        to...

     I sat in my room alone, trying to decide what to toss in the waste and 
what to keep.  I was getting rid of many of my books, and trash I hadn't known 
could exist lay about in overflowing plastic bags.

     I was sitting in a semicircle if my possessions, sorting and deciding 
their fate, when I heard a knock on the hall door.  The campus was nearly 
empty, most of the other students gone with their families and treasured 
possessions.  It was just after dark; my window was open, and the radio was 
blasting away.  I hadn't figured on disturbing any early sleepers; as I said, 
the campus was all but deserted.

     Irked, I rose and went to the door.  I stood in stunned silence when I 
saw her -- it was the dream-girl, she whom I had rescued years ago from my 
fever demon.

     She was dressed in as close an approximation of her dream-garb as modern 
fashion allowed:  a light, gauzy blouse, pale denim shorts, and light sandals. 
She was as beautiful as she'd been in my dreams, and more.

     She was real.

     Her pale hair was long and straight, hanging to her waist in a complex 
braid.  Her ears, I noticed for the first time, were elfin, almost pointed. 
Her lips were painted lavender, her eyes darkened with eyeliner.  Seeing me 
seeing her, she simply reached up, cupped my face in her hands, and kissed me 
electrifyingly.


VIII. ...so slide back down and close your eyes/ sleep awhile you must be 
         tired...

     I am always with her now.  She wanted to thank me for freeing her, and
she gave to me that which she could give but once.  Her kisses brought sweet
agony, her teeth sharp, her small mouth strong and insistent, drawing from me
life, nourished by my love, returning to me limitless existence.

     I am always with her now.  We wander the night, hand in hand, searching 
for the sweet, sweet nectar which fills her with life she's not had for a 
thousand years or more.  She will never betray me, for in our giving to one 
another, we have bonded more closely than any wedding band.

     We never kill.

"...and everynight I burn
everynight I call your name
everynight I burn
everynight I fall again
everynight I burn
scream the animal scream
everynight I burn
dream the crow-black dream
everynight I burn
scream the animal scream
everynight I burn
dream the crow-black dream..."

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

State  of  unBeing  is  copyrighted (c) 1994 by Kilgore  Trout  and  Apocalypse 
Culture Publications.   All rights are reserved to cover,  format,  editorials, 
and all incidental material.   All individual items are copyrighted (c) 1994 by 
the individual author, unless  otherwise stated.  This file may be disseminated 
without restriction for  nonprofit purposes so long as it is preserved complete 
and  unmodified.   Quotes and  ideas not  already in  the  public domain may be 
freely used  so  long  as  due recognition is provided.   State  of  unBeing is  
available at the following places:

                 iSiS UNVEiLED   512.930.5259  14.4 (Home of SoB)
                THE LiONS' DEN   512.259.9546  24oo
                 ftp to io.com   /pub/SoB

Submissions may also be sent to Kilgore Trout at <kilgore@bga.com>.  Thank you.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
