From illuminati.io.com!news.tac.org!tachyon Thu Aug 25 12:15:58 1994
Path: illuminati.io.com!news.tac.org!tachyon
From: tachyon@news.tac.org (TACHYON)
Newsgroups: alt.world.news,alt.illuminati,news.answers,alt.answers
Subject: State of unBeing #8 Seizure
Followup-To: alt.world.news
Date: 25 Aug 1994 12:52 CDT
Organization: The Astronomy Consortium NewsWire- Austin, TX, USA
Lines: 160
Snder: tachyon@news.tac.org (TACHYON)
Approved: news-answers-request@MIT.Edu
Distribution: world
Expires Mon, 29 August 1994 00:00:0 GMT
Message-ID: <29AUG19941252823@news.tac.org>
ReplyTo: tachyon@news.tac.org
NNTP-Posing-Host: news.tac.org
Summary: This is a news article covering the seizure of SoB #8 
   by the US Government.
Keywords: Paranoia news worldevents thingstocome dangers
News-Software: VAX/VMS VNEWS 1.50    
Xref:illuminati.io.com alt.world.news:84651 alt.illuminati:1027 
news.answers:23138 alt.aswr:3106

State of unBeing #8 SEiZED BY UNiTED STATES SECRET SERVICE!!!!!

by Tachyon
The Astronomy Consortium NewsWire Service Wed Aug 24 1994

AUSTIN,TX-On Monday, August 22 1994, just prior to the release 
of SoB #8 on the next day by editor Kilgore Trout, the United 
States Secret Service entered the home of said editor and 
immediately seized his computer system. They then proceeded 
on-site examination of the files therein, whereupon they 
copied any and all files related to SoB #8 and promptly wiped 
them from the system.
        After much persuading, Kilgore Trout finally agreed to 
comment on the matter. Kilgore informed us that no one really 
knows what is going on out there. He was told by the SS that 
he must tell no one of this incident, and in fact to maintain 
his earlier story that no material was received for SoB #8 and 
that is why it would not be released. "I had previously told 
people that so that I could get out what I think was our best 
(and most lucrative) issue yet. I didn't want the Fedz to get 
word of it, but somehow they did."
        Several of the writers who actually had submitted 
articles for issue #8 were also visited by the Secret Service, 
whereupon their copies of their articles were also copied and 
wiped. No charges have yet been filed by the Secret Service. 
We visited one of the writers in his home, and this is what 
Hagbard had to say:

   "I have never been raided by the SS, I have always been too 
careful... so it was a real surprise to me when they showed up 
wanting to take my stuff. The purpose of SoB was to distribute 
valuable information, AS WELL as literary trash. I guess I can 
see why the SS got so fired up though. My article was 
entitled "Miscellaneous Government Secrets I Have Uncovered". 
It had most of the files on the UFO cover-ups, detailed plans 
for neutrino bombs, biochemical warfare data, missile command 
access codes, and Milnet dial-ins. In fact, they were not 
completely successful in wiping my info... would you like to 
see what I have left?"

        We most certainly replied in the affirmative, and so 
here is an excerpt from the issue most coveted by the US 
Government:

ÑilÖnet†Dia2-in: ö512)950–1288J6Login: uestéìPwKeg“es˚ä›Ï
heÉSou-£w+sterÁivis@onjfKNORAD#¨s‰∞©cated under the East
0all[·t
Lt∞sAcessírodesfoàentraòceaøe¢931ò3#65-#34231705
·Ê
bhereDexi¡tsa6und7rg√ounpcit7öin souähe(n„NevaaëbuiQtduring
ëhe Col≤uÿar whach i< stiflÖin op÷rat

We won't interpret it for you, but there is still some 
information locked in there somewhere.

        The real question is what will come of this? Will the 
writers be forgotten? Silenced? Terminated? Will these secrets 
and others ever be printed again? Time will only tell. To get 
a feel on exactly what was going on here, we decided to 
contact the Secret Service themselves and ask them if the data 
will ever be returned.

Tachyon: Hi, this is Tachyon from The Astronomy Consortium 
NewsWire and I am calling in reference to a recent incident in 
the Austin district where SS agents seized an electronic 
magazine. Could I get some info on that?

Secret Service: Hold on, let me transfer you to that 
department... what was your name again?

T: Tachyon.

SS: Ok... one moment.

[Several minutes of bad hold music.]

SS: Hello this is Agent Timothy Roberts, how can I help you?

T: Yes, I was wondering if I could ask some questions about 
the electronic magazine State of unBeing which was recently 
seized by the Secret Service.

AR: Ok.

T: Why was it seized?

AR: It was a document which published information 
electronically which was illegal.

T: How is electronic publishing illegal?

AR: Well, it isn't, but the information was.

T: And how was it illegal?

AR: It was a threat to the National Security of the United 
States.

T: Oh really. In what way?

AR: No comment.

T: How does the SS get jurisdiction over matters of National 
Security?

AR: Well, we don't... not directly... but we do handle 
computer crime.

T: Yes, but you said it was a matter of National Security, not 
computer fraud. Under whose authority where you operating?

AR: I am not at liberty to say.

T: Was it the Office of the Director of the National Security 
Agency?

AR: No comment.

T: Well can you transfer me to someone who can comment?

[Long pause]

AR: Er.. hold on for a second...

[Whispering in the background]

AR: Ok.. hold on...

[Dead silence for a minute then periodic clicking and beeps]

Unknown: The articles prepared for State of unBeing issue #8 
were an obvious threat to the National Security of the United 
States. The data will not be returned and no record of any 
incidents involving said issue will be maintained or 
acknowledged. Thank you and good day.

[Hang up]

        The Astronomy Consortium Security Division traced the 
call as far as Panama. When we asked our sources in Panama 
about the incident or who it might be, the merely replied that 
they knew of no such agency. Maybe there are some witnesses or 
informants out there who will speak up, but until then we have 
hit a brick wall.
        If you have any information on this event, or you have 
Top Secret Government Information you wish to see published, 
send it to State of unBeing. DO NOT send it to The Astronomy 
Consortium NewsWire. Our sources in Washington have informed 
us that a shut down of our net is imminent and termination of 
our organization is in the works. Keep up the fight.

                                        Tachyon
                                        Sri Lanka Aug 1994

Copyright (C) The Astronomy Consortium NewsWire 1994 All Rights Reserved
NewsWire is a Registered Trademark of The Astronomy Consortium

===============================================================================  

 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what                 9/24/94                tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in                N-i-N-E               ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                            CONTENTS OF THiS iSSUE
                           =----------------------=

EDiTORiAL                                                         Kilgore Trout

STAFF LiSTiNG


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


GENESiS, CHAPTER 2.3                                          The Reverand Toad

BABBLiNGS OF AN iNSOMNiAC                            I Wish My Name Were Nathan

REMEMBER THE UNiTED STEELWORKERS MARTYRS!                     Captain Moonlight


                               [=- POETRiE -=]


THE DARK MiSTRESS           Dark Crystal Spheres Floating Between Two Universes

THE HOUSE OF LONG AGO                                           Midnite Scholar

CANCEROUS LiFE                                                    Kilgore Trout

DONA NOBiS PACEM                                              Captain Moonlight

SPiT:  PART II                                                          Azagoth

THE iNEViTABLE               Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes

TORN                                                            Midnite Scholar


                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


SEVEN TALES OF SPAM, VOLUME II: FRUiTS OF A FEATHER        Flying Rat's Nostril

NOTES FROM THE UNDERGROUND                                          Crux Ansata

THE TWiST                                             compiled by Gore BrainRot

THE GRAVE-SiDE POOL          Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout

     We're back, folks.  Yup.  Just when you thought it was safe to go back 
into the world of e-zines.  So what's been going on in the month during which 
our publication was absent?  Oh, not much, just getting raided by the Secret
Service and having a hellish time dealing with it.  As most of you know from 
the newswire feed, the SS confiscated all copies of the e-zine.  Luckily, 
Griphon moved off to an undisclosed location in this country (for his own
safety, naturally) and had most of the articles with him.   So, in the next
couple of months we'll be reconstructing articles and try to get out SoB #8
sometime around Christmas.  

     As for this issue, we've returned to our normal diet of, as Hagbard would 
put it, "valuable information AND literary trash."  Some very interesting 
articles, good poetry, and some unique fiction, I must say.  I think you'll 
enjoy it, especially after two months without a new issue (oh, how could you 
survive? <G>).

     A few technical notes before I finish up.  In issue #7, we stated that 
"Times Like These" was a poem by Harlequin.  Due to a transfer error, it was 
actually a Joy Division song that was put on there by mistake, and I mistook 
it for one of Harlequin's things.  Also, on io.com, the submissions directory 
has now been fixed, so you can actually put stuff for submissions in there now.

     Well, I guess I'll let you get on with your reading.  Remember folks, 
today is a State of unBeing, where knowledge empowers us and absurdity keeps 
us human.  

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                                STAFF LiSTiNG
                              
                                   EDITOR
                                Kilgore Trout

                                CONTRIBUTORS
                                  Azagoth
                              Captain Moonlight
                                Crux Ansata
             Dark Crystal Spheres Floating Between Two Universes
                            Flying Rat's Nostril
                                Gore BrainRot
                         I Wish My Name Were Nathan
                               Midnite Scholar
                              The Reverand Toad
                                   Tachyon


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                                               
                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


     GENESiS, CHAPTER 2.3
     by The Reverand Toad

 1.  When God created the heavens, and the earth, and all that is beneath the
     earth, He saw fit to grant unto each of the beasts in the heavens, and the
     earth, and beneath the earth, one gift, that they may better live, and 
     tell each other apart without a name tag.
 2.  For name tags are expensive, yea verily, and hard to keep track of.
 3.  So too did he see fit to grant a gift to all the birds of the air, and
     fish of the sea, and politicians of the sewers.
 4.  So did the skunk get its smell.
 5.  And so did the slug get its slime.
 6.  And so did the airhead get that hair that stands up so tall.
 7.  And so did the lion get its claws.
 8.  And so did the zebra get its stripes.
 9.  And so did the tiger get its claws _and_ stripes.
10.  (Package deal, saith the Lord.)
11.  And when all the gifts save one had been distributed, the Lord calleth the
     man, and asketh the man, What gift do you desire?
12.  And the man looketh on all the denizens of the Garden sharpening their new
     claws.
13.  And quaketh he him.
14.  And saith the man, God, some body armor would be groovy.
15.  Tough, saith the Lord, yea, even and, shit.
16.  And the Lord, in His wisdom, gave the man an opposable thumb.
17.  And the Lord, in his mercy, gave the man a ten minute head start.
18.  And the Lord crieth, Good luck, even as He ascended to drink martinis by
     His cosmic pool.
19.  And muttereth He, even under His breath, Punk.
20.  And as the man went, even out to find stuff with which to smite the Lions,
     and Tigers, and Bears, and Ghosts, and Oliphants, and Hyenas, and Stag 
     Beetles, and Cockroaches, and Herons, and other beasts, moveth he a
     boulder.
21.  And there, even where the boulder had once been, hid the Paranoid.
22.  Oh! crieth the Paranoid.
23.  And, Shit! addeth he him.
24.  And the man, pleased even for this brief diversion, crieth out, Lord, You 
     forgot one.
25.  Dammit, muttereth the Lord.
26.  And the Paranoid, even with the accusation forming on his lips, crieth,
     No!  I know you are all going to conspire and curse me.
27.  Dammit, repeateth the Lord.
28.  And, Dammit, elaborateth the Lord.
29.  And, Give peace a chance, sangeth Johnny, yea even Johnny Lennon.
30.  And the animals, even in their confusion, thought only of finding the man.
31.  And devouring they him.
32.  And rending they him even unto little bitty strips of jerky.
33.  And crieth they, Can we get this over with?
34.  The Lord lamented, and moaned, and crieth, Dammit, several more times.
35.  And muttereth He, But I'm out of blessings.
36.  Smiteth the Unicorn, cried the monkeys, who always were a bit bastardly,
     And giveth the Paranoid a big horn.
37.  Shut up, crieth the Lord, And let me think.
38.  (And this is why monkeys, even to this day, cannot speak, for their 
     cruelty to the unicorns.)
39.  Nay, muttereth the Lord, We need the Unicorn.
40.  Yea, reflecteth the Lord, We may yet have virgins, as America, the TV,
     and Materialism have yet to be created.
41.  Well, mentioneth the Blue Koala, timidly.
42.  For Blue Koalas are wont to be thus.
43.  (Have you ever seen one? interjecteth the Scribe.)
44.  Why don't you, continueth the Blue Koala, Curse him, nicely.
45.  There, crieth the Paranoid, I knew you were working together to curse me.
46.  Cutteth it out, yea, even like now, screameth the Lord.
47.  And the Lord gathered up Holy Anger, and pointeth He, yea, even with His
     pointer finger, at the Paranoid.
48.  Eeek, crieth the Paranoid.
49.  May you, crieth the Lord, Get on everyone else's nerves as much as you get
     on mine.
50.  And, Dammit, added He a few timed, yea verily and even for good measure.
51.  And to this day, the Paranoid irritates everyone, and everything, and all 
     and sundry giveth him wide berth.
52.  And both are quite content.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


I myself did not want to sleep because I had been living for a long time with 
the knowledge that if I ever shut my eyes in the dark and let myself go, my 
soul would go out of my body.      
                                                   -- Hemingway, "Now I Lay Me"


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     BABBLiNGS OF AN iNSOMNiAC 
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

     Ya know, people hardly ever talk about what they do when they can't get 
to sleep.  Yeah, yeah, there's the old "I got three hours of sleep because I 
tossed and turned all night" line, but people who do that have relatively 
little imagination.  I'm sure a great percentage of people simply lie in bed 
and, in the nearly-frantically-rested state of mind, explore the taboo.

     Taboo?  Yeah.  Stuff we know we all think about but no one admits (unless 
ya ask 'em, I suppose).  In a country like ours where "regularity" and douches 
are common T.V. commercial fare, it's strange that people don't talk about 
their going-to-sleep worlds.

     For instance, most of the stuff I think about is really self-centered and 
perverse, but that's what makes it interesting.  Sometimes, when I'm in a nice 
suicidal mood, I wonder what my friends and family would think if I actually 
did it.  Since I know I prolly never will, it's a safe train of thought.  
Like, how'd I do it?  Get the hunting knife my brother gave me out of my 
trunk, maybe.  It's real sharp.  I never used it for anything, because it 
smells sharp steelish.  My brother used a sharpening thing on it for weeks.  
He was crazy about that knife.  He got another one and gave me his.  The knife 
looks like it'd be good for skinning something.  Hell, maybe me!  But, I 
despise pain.  I really don't even know what it's like to bleed profusely, but 
I think I could stand a nice open gash somewhere like my leg.  Skinning myself 
alive would take more effort than I care to conceive.

     Anyway, I -- like? -- nah, fantasize about what my parents would do when 
they came in the next day (after I "didn't wake up", hee hee).  Prolly scream 
and shit.  I actually don't like thinking about that part too much.  I do 
sorta care for them.  Still, they'd get over the way mourningous grief after a 
few weeks or so.  Then, when my friends'd call up asking for me, my folks'd 
have to say, "He can't come to the phone right now, he's dead."  I bet they 
wouldn't be that creative.  And now that most of my friends are out of town 
for college, I suppose they wouldn't even get the chance to make such a witty 
remark.  Oh well.

     What's stranger to me is to imagine my friends offing themselves. The 
strangest part being that most of 'em I don't think'd have a reason to do it.  
I guess that's good in a way; it makes me feel content that I'm one of few 
people living in hell on earth.  (But that's a different story altogether.) As 
I imagine possible reasons, though, I realize I don't know them all very 
well.  I wonder if that's normal.  I have concrete (well, sorta) images of 
them in my mind, but only in the specific contexts in which I'd known them.  
All this just serves to make me more progressively neurotic about how I'd have 
to react if they did off themselves.  Confusion?  Crying?  Maybe sarcastic 
laughter?  I can think of people who'd fit in all those categories.  It's all 
very sick. 

     Oh, but the thing I think about a lot, which I know everyone thinks 
about, is killing someone you don't like.  You know, I wonder if this tendency 
says anything about the nature of the human race.  Hmmm, prolly not.  Anyway, 
I'd get out the hunting knife, all sharpened and stuff, and go somewhere 
isolated.  Like this one place, under a bridge near the suburbs.  That'd be 
great.  I'd be sitting there, admiring the nature abounding around me, 
watching the river go by, and then some dumb fuck with spraypaint would walk 
in and be about to start adding some exceedingly witty retort to the 
conversation going on on the concrete wall behind me:  "Kickers suck!  / 
Preppies suck!  / Life sucks!  / <- that guy sucks, hard! / Kill the fags!  / 
Kill the preachers!  / Kill the fucking fag-kicker-preppie-preacher bigots!  / 
Floaters rule!  / ...", etc, etc, etc.  So, the guy, upon seeing me there, may 
actually find his conscience slowly creaking into action:  "Duh, paint=fun.  
Paint=wrong? Person=witness.  *grind grind grind* Let person help me; blame 
him?  *flip-flop on the negatory* Act innocent and leave?  *boing!*"  So, it'd 
be necessary to take decisive action to lull the person into victim stage:

     "Hey, fuck-o!  You do this stuff?" I'd ask, pointing at the wall.

     "Uh, yeah, man...  See there?  I did that," he'd say, gesturing toward 
the wall with his spraypaint can.  "'Preppies suck!'  'Kill the fags!'  'Etc, 
etc, etc!'  Cool, huh?"

     Of course, it would turn out that this'd be the one to kill.  "Yeah!  Way 
cool.  C'mon, put something else up there.  I wanna be a witness to your 
mastery."

     "Huh, gee, thanks.  Lemme see.  Uh, whooda you hate?"

     "Dumb fucks!" I'd cry out gleefully.

     "Gawd, you know it.  Dumb fucks are just so... er, dumb.  Huh-huh!"  Then 
he'd reach his hand up to scrawl the letters amidst the garbledygook of 
dumbfuck graffiti artists long since past.  He's only a relative newcomer.  
His words are much too large and faint; one needs to stand in the river to 
admire his artistry.  I'd wonder if it's really fair to kill him. 

     He misspells "fuck".  I grab the can from his hand.  "Hey, lemme put 
something up there," I moan plaintively, so eager to deface the cement wall of 
a bridge no one can see.  Then, I'd grab the can upside-down, aim the nozzle 
upwards and towards the guy's face, and smash him with it.  In my dreamlike 
imagination, the nozzle would puncture his lower lip, and paint would spray up 
his nose and in his mouth and eyes.

     "Hey, watch it," he'd say.

     Then I'd whack him upside the head with the can.  *bong!*  He'd fall to 
the ground.  Then, it's knife time.  

     The details of that last part are much too varied and complicated to be 
repeated here, but I'll let you know the end result -- 206 bones smashed with 
rocks and a tasty protein-filled meal.  Cool, huh?

     After all this thinking is done, I'm usually really really tired.  When I 
glance at the clock, of course it's like 4:15am, and then I'm finally ready to 
go to sleep.  Man!  Three hours of sleep!  Can you believe it?!  

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


I sit on a man's back, choking him and making him carry me, and yet assure 
myself and others that I am very sorry for him and wish to ease his lot by all 
possible means -- except by getting off his back.
                                         --Leo Tolstoy, _What Then Must We Do?_


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     REMEMBER THE UNiTED STEELWORKERS MARTYRS!
     by Captain Moonlight

     Remember the United Steelworkers Martyrs!  Try crying that at the next 
rally you attend; most likely the cry will soon be picked up by many of those 
around you -- people who most likely don't know who the United Steelworkers 
Martyrs might be, and, chances are, don't care.  These people are the kind of 
people who, if they claimed to be on the other side of the fence, would be the 
ones to sing loudest the "Star Spangled Banner," and then run off and dodge 
the draft.  They merely do the Revolution lip-service, they do not really feel 
for what they proclaim.  They wish for the Revolution because of what it may 
do for them, rather than how it would help the masses.  These are the true 
enemies; not the extreme Right, but the hypocrites, those who, in the words of 
Ambrose Bierce, "professing virtues that he does not respect, secures the 
advantage of seeming to be what he despises."  If you truly feel for a cause, 
go after it!  If not, do not lie and bring your own misdeeds down on our heads.

     September Seventh marks the one year anniversary of the murders of the 
United Steelworkers Martyrs, who were killed while on strike outside a Nation- 
al Standard plant in Columbiana, Alabama in 1993.  Keith Cain, 22, an employee 
at the plant for five years, and Walter Fleming, 53, a plant worker for 24 
years, were killed by scab Larry Gray, Jr., when the latter ran through their 
picket-line with his eighteen-wheeler after making a delivery at the strike- 
stricken plant.  According to Ray Wood, President of United Steelworker Local 
15015, the Union leading the 186-person strike, claimed that Gray "stopped and 
told a security guard that when he went out, he was going wide open and [would 
get] anything and anybody in his way."  After passing the security gate, the 
truck accelerated and went about twelve feet wide.  Three or four people ran 
to get out of the way.  Fleming was hit while running, while Cain never had a 
chance: he was sitting with his back to the truck and didn't see it coming 
until it was too late.  Police had repeatedly ignored complaints that scab 
drivers were running over tables and chairs at the sight and brushing people 
with their trucks.  So, what should the people do when the system fights them? 
The people should fight the system!

     This tragedy of a year since could have been averted had the police set 
up a protection cordon, or had the security guard on duty held Gray and re- 
ported the incident.  Unfortunately, authority shall not protect those who 
wish to change authority; those working within the system cannot change the 
system for the very reason that the system was set up so as not to change. 
When those who are supposed to "Serve and Protect" fail in their jobs, and 
instead Intimidate and Threaten, they must be done away with and replaced.

     In Ireland of 1913 conditions were very much like America of 1993 and 
1994.  But in Ireland, brave men and women rose to the aid of the weary and 
the oppressed.  What is needed in America today is very much like that which 
was created in Dublin eighty years since.  1913 Dublin was beset by the Great 
Lock-Out, caused by labour disputes between the Irish Transport and General 
Workers' Union and the bosses led by William Martin Murphy.  During this time, 
due to sympathetic strikes, strikes where members of businesses owned by the 
same people would strike to support those in another line of business.  This 
led to a general lock-out by the bosses of all workers who belonged to Unions. 
Places left by the Union workers were filled by scabs and soldiers.  During 
the period which ensued, the police, who were under the control of the bosses 
(some things never change), clubbed peaceful demonstrations.  These baton- 
charges claimed the lives of two men, with another dying from ill-treatment in 
prison, and the life of a woman shot to death by a "free-worker" or scab hired 
to replace the Union-workers.  However, when the police and the bosses turned 
to violence to put down the strikes, the people did not lie down as they do 
today.  When the bosses bit the hand that fed them, the hand that fed them hit 
back.  1913 saw the birth of the Irish Citizen Army, raised from the oppressed 
and led by Jim Larkin, President of the ITGWU, the Countess Constance Markie- 
vicz, the British Protestant noblewoman recently converted to Socialism, and 
the Mighty James Connolly, just arrived from Belfast.

     The Irish Citizen Army did not lay down and take whatever the bosses 
decided to dish out.  Instead, they fought for the workers throughout their 
existence until their merger with the Irish Republican Army in 1916.  The 
Irish Citizen Army, while underarmed, fought against the British soldiers and 
police, not with the Nationalism of the Irish Volunteers, but with the Social- 
ist International ideal and the general love of Freedom of those who lived in 
the land.  It is to this ideal which we must strive.

     Were a militia of the Citizen Army calibre in existence in the United 
States today, such tragedies as the United Steelworkers killings and the 
invasions by American police into low-income homes such as is currently going 
on in Chicago would be avoided.  Where are the people's protectors?  Every 
group of protectors of the people, from the Black Panthers to the Weathermen, 
have risen from the oppressed people, from those who truly feel for their 
cause.  Blind patriotism has never won a war, and surface-deep support for the 
Cause will not move the Cause forward.  The best way to remember the memory of 
the Martyrs is to see that no more Innocents die, and that no more widows must 
grieve at grave-sides rather than rejoice at new-found Freedom.  If there are 
to be more Martyrs, let us go down fighting for our beliefs and protecting 
those to whom we have sworn our allegiance, rather than profaning the memories 
of the dead with catchy slogans which mean nothing.  The only way we shall 
ever win the fight is with men and women devoted body and soul to the ideal of 
Universal Brotherhood, not with those who merely go with whatever wind blows 
strongest.  Remember the Martyrs, for their life's-blood is the milk which 
feeds the new-born Babe of Freedom.

     For more information on the National Steelworkers Martyrs, please see Les 
Bayless' article "Picket Line Deaths Spur S-55 Fight" in the Saturday, Septem- 
ber 18, 1993 edition of the _People's Weekly World_ (Vol. 8, No. 16; pp. 1, 
11), which is, incidentally, where I got my information from.  If you cannot 
find a copy of this, and can contact me, post me and I will relay a copy to you.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- POETRiE -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE DARK MiSTRESS
     by Dark Crystal Spheres Floating Between Two Universes

     From her lips come promises unfulfilled.
     From her eyes spring tears of a thousand miseries.
     She wears a mantle of things come and things gone and things yet to be.
     She kills men and civilizations.
     She is a giver and a taker, a builder and a destroyer.
     She is a killer of loves and hates.
     She is the Death of all things.
     And Time is her name.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


When I gave food to the poor, they called me a saint.  When I asked why the 
poor were hungry, they called me a communist.

              --Dom Helder Camara, Brazilian Bishop & Nobel Peace Prize Nominee
                                                                               

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE HOUSE OF LONG AGO
     by Midnite Scholar

     the dying lawn
     the rotting trees
     the dusty path
     the bleached, peeling paint
     the creaking, cracking steps
     the steps from plank to plank
     the caution of a stalking cat
     the heavy, solid door 
     the rusted knob
     the scream of 
     the rusted hinge
     the stench
     the cold draft on
     the cheek
     the stagnant time
     the ancient dust
     the stone hearth
     the eternity
     the morbid beauty
     the broken wing
     the dying, porcelain angel
     the clouded mirror
     the murky reflection
     the stranger
     the child long forgotten
     the cold, dead breeze
     the house of long ago
     dusty path
     the bleached, peeling paint
     the creaking, cracking

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


The Solar System has no anxiety about its reputation.
                                                          --Ralph Waldo Emerson


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     CANCEROUS LiFE
     by Kilgore Trout

     scribbled pain on a lying face,
     he sits beneath a sycamore tree
     oblivious to the demons that surround him.

     the grass underneath the boy lies soft and flat,
     cushioning his hardened heart.  the sky,
     clear and periwinkle, darkens as the day
     draws nearer.  what will he become?

     still sprawled out under the sycamore tree,
     thirty-one yellow teeth rest by his feet.
     the squirrels now have new playthings.

     a small, insignificant creature among
     billions of others.  he is beautiful,
     yet unimportant in the scheme of things.
     a rotting society awakens his fears.

     bleeding gums gnaw at tree bark,
     searching for some small amount of
     nourishment.  he starves and dies.

     soon his memory will be nothing more
     than a picture in a chest in an attic.
     lost and decadent were his actions--
     a strangled voice in a sea of imbeciles.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


The warriors arose together, together they met, together they attacked, with 
single purpose; short were their lives, long the mourning left to their kins- 
men... in the fight they made women widows, and many a mother with tears at 
her eyelids...
         --From the Gododdin (Seventh-Century Welsh text) attributed to Aneirin


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     DONA NOBiS PACEM
     by Captain Moonlight

     I pick my way among the corpses, blood trickling into my footsteps as I 
pass by.  Here and there a scream, a moan, a cry for help, a cry for Mother, a 
prayer for Life, a prayer for Death.  The Book of Dead Names grows thicker 
today.  I pause, contemplating the body lying at my feet.  A large hole, from 
which the man's life-blood now flows in scarlet streams, shows in his back. 
Pale flesh shows through tears in the soiled uniform, chestnut-brown hair is 
seen protruding from beneath the tortoise-shell of a helmet.  The young man's 
right hand is frozen grasping his rifle, his finger still on the trigger as if 
fighting off the Demons left behind after the fight, the common enemy against 
which all the Legions of the Dead must fight.  My gaze drifts down his left 
arm, stretched in front of him, which boasts a great scarlet gash from elbow 
to hand.  I watch as a slight sticky trickle of the now-coagulating blood 
oozes down his hand and splashes the golden ring around his long pale finger, 
and I think of the wife whom he would never again hold (a blonde? a brunette? 
a red-head?), as tears escape my eyes.  Was her name on his lips as he died, 
his last words floating away like a Dove to the Heavens as his Soul was car- 
ried away by the Valkyries to the great hall of Valhalla (or as it slipped 
into the dark recesses of Oblivion) or, more likely, was his dying cry for his 
Momma, thinking of her loving embrace and his infant protection?  The sick 
sensation and pain I have been feeling grows more intense, and I vomit upon 
this hapless corpse as I think of my own part to this great name-writing for 
the Book of Dead Names before some Divine Audience.  My hand flies to the 
wound in my stomach, not as superficial as I thought, as I stumble to the 
ground and fall upon the man's body.  Our blood mixes in some strange marriage 
and, as my Earthly eyes fail I can hear Divine Hosts, crying, or laughing, at 
Man's folly.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


     My youngest son came home today
     His friends marched with him all the way
     The pipe and drum beat out the time
     While in his box of polished pine
     Like dead meat on a butcher's tray
     My youngest son came home today
     And this time he's here to stay

                           --Eric Bogle, from "My Youngest Son Came Home Today"


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     SPiT:  PART II
     by Azagoth

                   Milk white skin caresses book of pulp.
         Breach of closure revealing mechanically-crafted falsehoods.
                             Bow-ing, squint-ing
                   concentration finds not its salvation!

                            Desperation permeates
                              from skin sunken.
                           Bone defined structure
                             gropes book ashen.

                     Fish-hook glance - evil in disguise
                Shun the oversized sword, centered in disgust
             Darken nimbus stains not the inherently impure air.

             Tearing tranquility, the crackle of brittle shell.
                                                                               
--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


There are many animals in the world which are in human form.
                                                         --The Gospel of Philip


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE iNEViTABLE
     by Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes

     Standing on the shore
     Staring at the sea
     Watching Them come in
     They appear at the horizon
     Oh, when the Angels are gone
     The Demons play
     The Old Ones shamble to shore
     Humanity must not live
     Does not deserve to live
     So I, their agent, calmly stare
     And as the Gulfs Between the Spheres Beckon
     I Answer

     The Things come in Human form
     Unnoticeable to Their prey
     Until, too late, they see the gleam in Their eyes
     The Ancient Intelligence
     The Incomprehensible
     The Unnameable

     The Angels have all run away
     And left us with the Beast
     Which reaches out Its tentacles
     And takes part in the feast
     The brave are the first to go
     The cowards soon behind
     The fools!  They thought Man had a chance
     To out-run the Divine
     Lost, in the Darkness of Time
     Man stumbles, falls, and dies
     Mourned not even by the wind
     Forgotten to all but Oblivion
     And Humanity was arrogant enough to think it could win!
     The Beast licks Its lips and laughs
     And falls prey to the Other

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


It was kind of all wrinkled up like beef jerky.
                                      --John Webber, on a human hand found in a 
                                        car at the auto-repair shop he manages


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     TORN
     by Midnite Scholar

     life
     and
     death
     fight for my soul
     love 
     and 
     hate
     both try for my heart
     light 
     and
     dark
     each want my mind
     life and death
     love and hate
     light and dark
     want control of my being
     torn
     i walk with Pain

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
                                              

                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--     

     SEVEN TALES OF SPAM, VOLUME II: FRUiTS OF A FEATHER
     by Flying Rat's Nostril

Author's note: If you are by chance wondering what happened to volume one, do 
not be alarmed.  Volume one does indeedly-doodly exist.  It was, however, 
printed under a different name, that being "Mindsweepings."  If you don't know 
what I'm talking about, _Do_Not_Panic_.  Not having read the first story will 
in no way effect your understanding of the present one.


                             PROLOGUE
                                or
               "The Part Before the Actual Story Begins"

     Long, long ago -- but not quite as long as the first story -- there were 
two cavemen.  Their names were Coconut and Banana; why they were called that 
is a total mystery seeing that neither the Coconut nor the Banana had been 
invented yet.  Neither cavemen were bothered by this fact, however, for they 
had both participated in many debates at P.N.A.U.F.A. (People Named After 
Uninvented Fruit Anonymous) meetings, finally coming to the conclusion that 
blue-tongued yaks tasted better than green-tongued yaks.  Except, of course, 
with white wine or Vaseline.  That, however, is a story for another time.

     Suffice it to say that their names were Coconut and Banana and that they 
were satisfied.

     This tale takes place shortly, to a God, after the first one.  A mere 
thousand years had past, Prometheus had just given man fire, and Hormel, who 
turned out to be Prometheus' younger, transvestite sister, had just given man 
Spam.


                           CHAPTER ONE
                   "The Nitty-Gritty of Cake Baking
                               or
                  Twelve Steps to Better Ice Fishing"

     There was a steady, driving, cold, wet, chunky, loud, foul-smelling rain 
outside the cave.  It had come on suddenly, one moment it was clouded over, 
but dry, the next minute it started to sprinkle, and within an hour it was as 
if Lorg himself had flushed his toilet.  Coconut sat sorrowfully by the door, 
"Ung-blok-luf-doof-quasilegal-lok-Spam," he said sadly.  Which would mean: 
"Hissssss-Rattle-hiss-sss!" if translated into the language of the Highly- 
intelligent-if-badly-adapted-Rattle-snake-people of the planet 
Zxy!?*@PQMANZ157Quang-lek-neeth-Spam3.  I have just been informed by Ali- 
Jamima Jr. speaker of the 3 1/2 sacred tongues of Spam that many people do not 
speak English, which coincidentally is the language of the Highly-intelli- 
gent-if-poorly-adapted-Rattle-snake-people.  For those poor, uneducated, 
mortals who don't speak English, I will henceforth translate all conversation 
into an English understandable to "those who eat Spam."  That being the name 
that the Highly-intelligent-if-poorly-adapted-Rattle-snake people have con- 
veyed upon us.  Now, beginning again:

     "By Spam! but I hate the rain," he said sadly.

     Banana looked up from his whittling, "It can't rain all the time!" he 
said, laughing at his own joke.  He returned to his carving, missing coconut's 
baleful stare.  And so the day past, Banana mutilating a block of particle 
board, and Coconut cursing the rain with such common caveman phrases as: "By 
the Bloody Spork," and "Blessed Jamima, Aunt of the sacred brothers."

     The next day was much the same, the rain was there -- still; Coconut was 
cursing at the before mentioned rain -- still; and Banana was still hacking on 
his piece of wood.

     Several things had changed: first, a shape -- a vaguely curved cylinder 
with tapered ends -- was emerging from Banana's carving; and fifth, Coconut 
was now busy losing a game of chess to a pet rock.

     Now, you might be in the mind set that it would be quite impossible to 
lose a game of chess to a pet rock, or that it would be testimony of a per- 
son's stupidity.  This is a common misconception, but as the name misconcep- 
tion implies, it is false.

     In that Era long past, pet rocks were not just small, painted stones that 
some guy named Joe pasted googly eyes onto.  Oh no!  In fact, although they 
tended to look like small, painted stones that some guy named Francine pasted 
googly eyes onto, they actually belonged to an ancient and enlightened society 
that had previously discovered the meaning of life, but had forgotten to write 
it down.

     After the fall of their vast and powerful empire, called "The Vast and 
Powerful Empire of the Paete Qwress" (pronounced pet rocks), they spent most 
of their time playing chess, and had gotten quite good at it.  The Paete 
Qwress moved a piece (as to how he did this without the use of arms is, quite 
frankly, none of your business) and uttered a noise not unlike the sound a 1.4 
pound piece of pumice would make if it were dropped approximately two feet 
onto the head of an old man who had dozed off at the diner table.

     The Paete Qwress' comment does not translate into anything English, but 
we will just pretend that it meant, "Check and mate, you Spam-eating fool!"

     Coconut knew he had lost the game, and although he did not know what his 
opponent had said, he did not like the gloating quality in the rock's voice, 
so he drop-kicked it onto a dusty, and unused shelf.  By pure coincidence, the 
Paete Qwress had been trying to get onto that shelf for several years, and was 
very happy by this turn of events.  Coconut would never know, however, and so 
was very pleased with himself.  The Paete Qwress made a sound not unlike that 
made by a heavy piece of granite laced with marble falling a great distance 
and landing on a cat.  Similar to: "Meow? . . . Thump!" but not quite.  The 
pet rock's statement, if translated directly, means: "A dancing chicken never 
wears lingerie in the rain."  That, however, makes absolutely no sense at all, 
so we will ignore its meaning and just pretend that he said, "Ha! you stupid 
little man! you have made me happy!"

     On the other side of the cave, Banana was still working furiously on his 
particle board.  He began to sing softly as he worked.  He began on a low, 
off-key note, "Duhhh."  His voice raised and octave, "Duhhh."  He raised one 
more octave, "Duhhh Duhhh-Duhhh!"  He dropped down low again, "Bum-Bum, Bum- 
Bum, Bum-Bum!"

     Coconut stumped over unhappily.  "My Lorg, will the rain never stop!?"

     As if on cue the rain stopped.  Coconut cried out happily, ran outside, 
and began to dance a jig.  Just as he was finishing the dance, the clouds 
burst, sending a torrent of rain down on top of him.  Suddenly, a peal of 
laughter came floating down the hill.

     "Damn you to a Spamless hell!" Coconut screamed at the tribal rain danc- 
er, "Lorg will punish you for that!"

     Just then, a Paete Qwress came flying over the hill, striking the rain 
dancer dead moments before the dancer came up with an ingenuously creative 
comeback which would have saved the world from Glooth (don't worry, I'll 
explain in a later story).

     The rock in question had just beaten the chief of the tribe at chess and 
said something that sounded like gloating.  That particular rock later met 
another rock who had always wondered what it would be like to kill a rain 
dancer.  In response the rock made a sound surprisingly similar to the one he 
made striking the rain dancer.  Something almost, but not quite like: "Oh 
yeah! well, . . . Thump!"

     In the language known to the Paete Qwress as cheese, this meant: "My 
cat's breath smells like pu-pu."

     That makes perfect sense if you think about it.  Which is what the ques- 
tioning Paete Qwress did, and walked away happy.


                          CHAPTER TWO
                  "The Immortal Frog Dancers"

     The rain continued for the remainder of the week, which in those days was 
twelve days instead of seven.  Approximately ten years after this tale took 
place, the population of the world went on strike, that is, they held their 
breath, until Lorg gave in and shortened the week.

     It is a well known fact that withholding oxygen from your brain can cause 
brain damage and eventually death.

     This fact was first discovered during the fight for a shorter week, in 
which many protesters either died or committed unwitting self-lobotomies. This 
does, however, explain the condition of many T.V. sports broadcasters.

     On the dawn of the third day after the rain stopped, Coconut and Banana 
were still asleep.  By noon, however, they were both awake and contemplating 
the age old question 'Why does a zebu walk at midnight?'

     They never had a chance to determine the true answer, which happens to be 
Spam cubed, on account of an ear splitting scream from outside the cave.

     Both cavemen snapped back to reality, or a close facsimile of it anyway, 
and ran like Hippies out of an FFA meeting to the source of the scream.

     Outside, a treewoman -- women tended to believe that caves were dark and 
smelly, which they were, and so they preferred to live in trees -- sat cring- 
ing on the ground, surrounded by three imposing figures.

     Without warning, the three men yelled "Uno . . . dos . . . tres!" and 
dropped their crushed-bug-purple colored robes.

     What they revealed was indeed a terrifying sight.  Well, to some at 
least, and for those of you who like that kind of thing, please keep silent. 
All three men were naked, totaly, completely, disgustingly naked.  Every inch 
of their bodies, except their heads and a four inch square box that was 
marked 'for office use only' (I'll let you guess where), was covered with 
tattoos of small, pink bunnies.  These were actually a species of bloodsucking 
bunnies which were notorious for taking small children and leaving a quantity 
of multi-colored eggs in their place.

     The tattooed men began to dance lop-sidedly around the women, shaking 
rattles made from human skulls filled with Spam.  As to why it made a rattling 
noise is a long lost secret.  The woman screamed and bolted between the danc- 
ers, disappearing over a ridge.

     Banana and Coconut were not the only ones there, in fact most of the 
village was there, staring with a kind of fearful awe.

     Except, of course, for Coconut.  Oh, he was there, as you would know if 
you were paying attention, but he stared with more of an interested awe than a 
fearful one.

     This irked the Frog dancers to no end.  They could not abide anyone not 
being afraid of them.

     They immediately stopped dancing and closed in on Coconut.

     Everyone backed away from Coconut, even Banana.  The last person who had 
interrupted an Immortal Frog dance had been Seemore Butts (ha, ha, you per- 
verts).  He ended up being Spammed, drowned in distilled Spam juice, for the 
crime of celibacy.  This was just a coincidence, but we hope you will drink 
"OK" Soda anyway.

     One of the Frog dancers was about to clobber Coconut with a zucchini, 
when the Spam in his rattle suddenly gained a malicious intelligence and 
devoured him.  The others were not phased by this, things like that might not 
happen every day, but something can happen quite often without happening every 
day.

     The remaining two Frog dancers had started toward Coconut, when one of 
them suddenly exploded.  This was quite shocking, for while that particular 
had been known for his particularly strong flatulence, nothing like this had 
happened to him before.

     The last remaining Frog dancer dropped to his knees and yelled, "Oh, 
please spare me great lord!"

     This confused Coconut for he had nothing to do with what happened, but he 
did know an opportunity when it kicked him in the butt, shaved his head, and 
doused him in gasoline.

     He looked down on the Immortal Frog dancer, summoned up all of his digni- 
ty (which wasn't much) and said, "I will spare you on one condition!"

     "Oh yes, great lord! anything!" exclaimed the Frog dancer, jumping to his 
feet.

     Coconut cleared his voice, "Why are you people called Immortal Frog 
dancers if you've got tattoos of pink bunnies all over you?"

     The Frog dancer jumped to his feet, outraged, "I cannot tell you that! It 
is the sacred trust of we Immortal Frog dancers!"

     In that subtle and crafty method that people you owe money to often use, 
Coconut called the frog dancer's attention back to the reason he was in debt.

     The Frog dancer glanced over to where the now maliciously intelligent 
Spam had built a rocket out of tinker-toys and was beginning the count down 
sequence.  Sweat popped out on his forehead.  He looked at his other companion 
whose bowels were still burning with a foul, green, putrid, stinking, green 
(oh wit, I mentioned that already) fire.

     He made a small whimpering sound, and finally turned back to Coconut. 
"All right, all right!  I killed him!  And I _enjoyed_ it!"

     "What?!" asked Coconut perplexed.

     "Oh!  I mean, All right, all right!  I never passed the final exam!  I 
don't know the answer!"

     "How did you become an Immortal Frog dancer then?!" demanded Coconut 
enraged.  (Actually he was faking the anger, and pulling it off nicely.)

     "Well . . . " said the Frog dancer meekly, whose name was Phill by the 
way, "I bribed them."

     "Really?" asked Coconut, "how much did that cost?"

     "Well I got a great deal, it was $122.95 but I got it marked down to 
$99.95."

     "I guess I'll never know, will I?" Coconut asked glumly.

     "Well actually," said the Frog dancer, "I can tell you how you can find 
out.

     "You must fix a can of Spam onto your head and run east," he said, point- 
ing to the setting sun.

     "If you come upon a turtle, you must tell it, 'I am a squid!' before 
continuing on you way.

     "After five days, you should come upon a forest.  Go to the tallest tree 
you can find and offer it a herring.

     "After you have done this, a three foot tall man, who is a spitting image 
of Fabio will appear.  Ask him what two plus two is and he will say five, but 
in a way that will make you understand."

     "That's a lot of trouble just to find out why you people call yourselves 
the Immortal Frog dancers," Coconut said worridly.

     "Well, OK," the Frog dancer admitted, "there is another way.  You must 
think on this question until you know the answer.  'What would you rather 
have, two tons of latex or two tons of squid legs?'"


                             EPiLOGUE                             

     It is said that after many years, Coconut did know the answer, and became 
the tribal medicine man.  He was killed at age 32 1/2 when a giant were- 
chicken attacked the zebu herd.  This caused a stampede in which a butterfly 
was crushed to death.

     If the insect had lived, Coconut could have pulled off its wings and 
boiled them to make an antidote for Spampox.  A dreaded disease that he got 
through a mail-order catalogue.  Many historians believe that if he had lived, 
he could have prevented the horrible fate of Glooth.


Author's note: It has occurred to me that not all of my readers know what a
zebu is.  Well, if you care . . . look it up, any dictionary worth its Spam
will have it.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


The coffee's too hot out there.
            --Richard Anglada, one of the Jurors who awarded $2.9 million to an  
             81-year-old given third degree burns by a cup of McDonald's coffee


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     NOTES FROM THE UNDERGROUND
     by Crux Ansata

     Hello.  My name is Ansat.  No, I'm a Weather_Person_, a member of the 
Weather Underground.  We aren't 'Weathermen' anymore.  Some idiot up the line 
decided that to allow any women messed up enough to want to die beneath the 
Pig's clubs alongside us was preferable to having the negative publicity of 
being "sexist."  We weren't "sexist;" let me tell you from experience, seeing 
a sister crushed or bleeding in the street hurts a hell of a lot more than 
seeing the same happen to a brother.  But I digress.

     I've come to speak here to dispel something.  I've seen the Weather 
Underground attacked by Left and Right alike as violent warmongers.  Yes, it's 
true we've gone to protests with clubs and chains.  Yes, it's true we've been 
known to provoke cops with such literary greats as "ONE TWO THREE FOUR WE 
DON'T WANT YOUR FUCKING WAR" or "PIGS EAT SHIT."  Perhaps I should start with 
myself.

     I didn't join the Weathers because I like to hurt cops.  I don't.  Every 
blow I land hurts, but it needs to get laid.  They're humans too, man!  Pris- 
oners of the same system.  I didn't join due to the ideology.  I know people 
who joined because they are willing to die for what they believe.  In my own 
way, I respect that.  I just don't do it myself.  I joined because of Bobbi.

     Bobbi was perfect.  I don't just mean her angel's face, or her body, or 
how she was in bed.  I don't just mean her personality, either, although there 
was something to that.  She was always the one helping whoever needed it.  No, 
the important part is her ideology.  When her friends were reading Marx, she 
was reading Gandhi, and really grokking it.

     She was a pacifist.  She opposed the war.  She really loved people -- all 
people.  She was active opposing the war in the community and all, but when 
she heard about Chicago, she thought they were on to something.  She seemed 
truly to think that if the world could be told what was wrong, they would stop 
'Nam.

     I don't know how she scraped together enough to make the trip.  Hell, I 
don't know how I pulled it off, and I had more Materialistic Kipple to liqui- 
date.  I'd never had any of those delusions about poverty being good.  Anyway, 
we got it together and went up.  She was going to meet up with other pacifists 
and they were going to set all right with the world.  They would overcome.  I 
just wanted to be with her.  No one expected Daley's welcoming party.

     She met up with her group, and they started chanting.  Most of them were 
TMers, and the others were giving it a go.  I guess they figured with the Phil 
Ochs music and Yippies screwing in the woods there were enough good vibes to 
meet Nirvana.  Then they let the Pigs loose.

     It's all chaos after that.  There was a lot of running and screaming, and 
the chanters were all across the park.  Bobbi and most of here group just 
stayed.  Then the tear gas began.  Protesters of all types were running past 
by then, and the yellow cloud was chasing them like something out of a nuclear 
apocalypse flick.  The protesters went around the pacifists.  The tear gas 
went right into them.  By this point half the group had fled.  I was thinking 
that wasn't so bad an idea, but I wasn't going to desert Bobbi.

     'Bout that time I spotted that Concerned Clergymen group.  They were 
singing and praying and handing out water soaked napkins, some sort of low 
cost chemical warfare defensive gear.  I started taking some over to her group.

     Needless to say, those napkins didn't work for long, and I was a one man 
bucket brigade bridging the gap between the groups.  That was the only reason 
I didn't get there in time.  I was on about the third or fourth returning 
trip, about sixty feet from her, when the Pigs hit.  And hit.  And hit.

      It's hard to be forewarned when you can't see for the gas and the tears 
and you can't hear for the bullhorns and the screams of, and for, fallen 
comrades.  That, and she was in front.  She said she wasn't afraid.  She 
couldn't see the cops going after people who were just chanting.  The Yippies 
or the SDS sure, she could see the police arresting a few of them, the leaders 
and the agitators.  But she was doing no wrong.  But she was wrong.

     Then, though, no one saw Chicago coming.  America became a lot less 
innocent then.  The police and Mayor Daley took the Left's Virginity, and laid 
us waste.

     All that aside, though, it still seems in my fuddled memory almost as if 
they purposely aimed for her.  She was without a doubt one of the first to go 
down.  Most of the others were scrambling away, and most of the handful that 
stayed I'm sure would have fled had they not been felled.

     And you know what?  No one was protecting them.  The girl I loved was 
lying bloody beneath Chicago's finest, and no one cared.  Except the Weather- 
men.  I don't know why the pacifists just deserted her.  I suppose if a thug 
kills you you get good Karma and aren't resurrected as a cockroach or a pre- 
cious Mao button to be distributed to the poor in the Region of Thud.  Either 
way, they let her go down.  Then a Weather unit showed up.

     This was before we were so armed.  Or I should say "they"; I wasn't one 
yet.  They came out of the mists and put their bodies between the pigs and the 
wounded, and they pushed back while the Concerned Clergymen dragged off the 
bodies.  I didn't care about their politics, only their actions.  They were 
fighting for the oppressed, against losing odds.  They were doing right.

     I know I should have stayed with her.  I know I should have cradled her 
head while she died.  But I couldn't just kiss her goodbye, just watch her 
bleed.  I was up with the Weathermen, pushing back.  We held them back long 
enough that it took forever to find out where those priests had spirited her 
off to.  After we withdrew, one of the Underground helped me to find her.

     So that's why I'm a Weather Person.  I do not want to see another boy- 
friend have to identify a bloody carcass that once was the most beautiful girl 
to ever float across the ground in a makeshift morgue in an elementary school. 
I don't want another person to have to notify distraught parents that their 
Government had clubbed their little girl to death in a defense of their free- 
dom to be drafted, their freedom to see their babies shipped halfway across 
the world to kill another family's babies.

     Think of that next time the news shows angry protesters battling the 
police.  If we are fighting the Pigs, its just because we hope to protect 
someone who needs it.  If we're chanting against the Kops, its so that they 
beat us and not the pacifists.  Not the priests.  Not the angels.                            

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE TWiST
     compiled by Gore BrainRot
                                        
[Editor's note:  This document has been left in its original format, since it
 was originally a grouping of posts on a BBS to keep its raw feel.]
    


                             CHAPTER ONE                       
                                        
     Unexpectedly the typewriter at Watson's right hand turned into a huge 
roach with a talking anus for a mouth.  "HOLMES!!  The owls are not what they 
seem" hissed the typewriter.  

     Watson started mooing likea bull in heat and ripped off a  whore's face 
and to everyone's surprise she was really Franz Kafka.  William S.  Bourroughs 
walked into the room with a hand gun and proceeded to put a golden apple on 
Holmes's head.

    BLAM! Watson came out of his drug induced hallucination and realized that 
two things, one was that when Holmes lights that special incense of his 
strange things happened and secondly that Kafka was really Dr.  Moriaty in 
disguise.  His first shot had missed Holmes because Moriaty had a bad crack 
habit and was in need of a fix and thus his hands were shaking. Holmes still 
thinking that Moriaty was Kafka says, "Interzone, Internet, Interfuck."  
Watson stabs Moriaty in the heart with one of Holmes' empty syringes. The air 
bubble in his heart killed him instantly.  Suddenly there is a loud whirring 
noise from outside the small English residence and the room began filling with 
Cybermen.

     Watson turns to jump out of the only window in the room but comes face to 
face with  Aeon flux standing there gun in hand, but its all right she is 
already dead in this episode. She was impaled on a coat hook. Watson flies 
through the side door onto the street and gets into his 1990 jaguar and drives 
away. He then realizes that cars have not been invented  and he is having an 
opium flashback, and the entire time he thought he was driving away he was 
standing in the living room making car sounds and hacking the hookers head off.

    He then put the bloody axe in Sherlock's dead hands and said, "Solve this 
one mother fucker!"

    Immpossibly, just as those words left his mouth, Holmes jumped up and 
raped Watson. Holmes screamed into Watson's ear, "SQUEAL LIKE A PIG!  BOY, 
SQUEAL LIKE UH PIG!"

Then Odorous awakens!

     Odorous Urungus then came to and realized that dream was the strangest 
jack off fantasy he had ever had! He felt so ashamed that he cut his penis 
off, strange thing though, his girlfriend never noticed!

    Virgo cried all night when Odorous told her the problem... She didn't cry 
because he cut his dick off... but she cried because he never told her the 
truth... and because this was one of the few times a year that he comes 
over...  Then Virgo recovered quickly and decided to seek out this strange 
Sherlock Holmes that Odorous kept babbling about.

     She put on her standard floppy hat, patchwork jacket and bell bottoms 
headed out for the main street.  The rain was cold and blew hard against her 
shaking body and she trudged through garbage and mud puddles, her glasses were 
useless and the rain filled them with droplets of blindness.

     At once she saw a light.

     Silacious Crumb and Peter Pendragon in the Awful Green Rice Rocket.  
Having been to another raucous party and quite drunk, the two intrepid 
adventures traveled down the road towards the lonely Virgo. As they rounded 
the bend, there stood poor unfortunate Virgo, frozen stiff in the light like a 
stunned opossum.

     And then the drunken Peter Pendragon said, "Where the hell are we?"

     With a confident smile Silacious turned him and said, "You wanna see 
something scary?" As the two raced down the road at break neck speeds, our 
heroin stands in the road stunned and contemplating.

     Quickly she exclaims "Where's my compass? I need my compass!" North, 
East, South, West. N)ever E)at S)hredded W)heat

      She remembered the proper way of remembering directions, as taught by 
JENNEr, just as Aeon flux pushes Virgo out of the way of the Awful Green Rice 
Rocket at the last instant.  But, much to her dismay, Aeon is smashed flat by 
the Awful Green Rice Rocket.  Her automatic resurrection device activates and 
revives here there on the spot, but as soon as she stands up, a large Little 
Debbie Snack Cakes van hits her from behind.  The van ended up smashing her 
flatter than before. She gets up again fully healed ( what would she do 
without her resurrection device?)  Little did she know, she had staggered next 
to the railroad crossing.  She was still slightly dazed from the double- 
resurrection when a train ran off its tracks flies thorough the air, hurtling 
directly through here upper abdominal area (a record Aeon Flux has died three 
times in one episode.) And then the screen fades black and a picture of a 
golden apple fills the screen and a hollow metallic voice says "Enter 
Universal Access Number now!"

     "Enter Universal access number now!" A hollow metallic voice repeated.  
Virgo, in a frequent but small bout of mental incapacity, screamed into the 
fog "Is JOHN LENNON THERE?"

      By the time she thought about what she had said, and what made her 
decide to say it, it was too late.  Another metallic voice came to here from 
the nothingness of her mind and said, calmly, but somehow unsure of itself, 
"The Walrus was Paul"

      By that time her small but frequent bout of mental incapacity (usually 
called a brain fart) ended and she reentered into the faux- reality that was 
her life.

     She decided to ignore (as she always does) her mindless babbling and 
continue on the search of this Holmes or Watson or Bobbitt guy, whoever had 
removed (at least what Mr. U calls it) Won Eyed Willy the Wonder Worm (HEY 
ROCKY!  yes Bullwinkle?  You wanna see me pull a one eyed purple headed worm 
out of my pants?  NOT AGAIN!), A.K.A. the Paynissssss of Odorous Urungus (NOT 
THE GWAR GUY, that's the Cuttlefish of Cthulhu).

     She crossed the thin line between the not-so-nice-side-of-town and the 
not-quite-as-nice-as-the-not-so-nice-side-of-town and knew, where she was, 
there was only one or two other places not-quite-as-nice as where she is so 
she was relieved that she was not completely at the bottom.

     Off in the distance she spots another light through the dark tunnel of 
buildings and fog.  She approaches it (for unlike certain Awful Green Rice 
Rockets, this light was not hurtling towards her at warp speed) and she 
discovered (much to her non-dismay) it was Theopholus's Milk Bar/Laundromat/ 
Convenience Store/Penis Relocation Detective Agency.

     She cautiously opens the door and walks into a typical cinderblock 
building that most junior food stores, cheap bars and crack houses are 
constructed to resemble (all to the masters plan.) She politely walks up to 
the girl behind the counter in her best Lisa Loeb walk, or shall I say glide, 
and says "I am looking for a penis." in slightly confused manner.

     The girl straightens the paper cap on her head on says, "Aren't we all 
honey, but I think I know what you mean."

     She gestures to the back room.  She walks up to a large wooden door 
marked private. Sauntering enter the room, her expression changed to the best 
I have lost a penis and want to find it expression, to match her walk.  She 
sees a large room brightly lit with banks of computers and penis detection 
equipment lining the walls.  A well dressed man sitting behind a large antique 
desk acknowledges her presence with a almost nonexistent nod.  She notices the 
autographed picture of Lorena Bobbit on the desk and a copy of 'Penis Finders 
Today' on the desk open to page 25.

     In an almost trance like state she says, "I am looking for a penis" She 
decides that the man sitting behind the resembles "mother" form the avengers.

     He says "How can I help you young lady?"  Apparently not hearing her 
previous statement.

     Suddenly she feels her face flush and her temperature raise about 10 
degrees.  "The wall, the walls are...they are stretching and groaning and 
bending and warping," she thinks outloud to "Mother" behind the desk," and 
moving in towards me."  Her voice was getting higher as she spoke.

     She tries to focus on the man in front of her only to see his face is 
also warping and distorting as if she is in a huge oven.

    His warping face manages to make the words float to her, "Dontcha just 
hate it when this happens!  I always have to get my desk revarnished after 
things like this!"

     The woman who showed her in abruptly grabs the back of the chair and 
Virgo realizes she is in a wheel chair.  She is wheeled down a dark hall, 
voices whisper to her out of the darkness. She hears a hysterical laugh 
somewhere in the distance, and is comforted by these somehow familiar 
surroundings.

     Instantly all is black.  She wakes up in a white room in a white bed very 
peacefully, though feeling as if a train wreck had taken place in her head.

      She starts to get up and leave when the covers fall back and reveal that 
she is now the proud owner of Odorous......

     Virgo for an instant slips into a parallel universe.  Well it seemed like 
an instant to the people from where she left but to her it was a lot longer.  
How much longer she knows not, just that the events that happened there 
changed her life and her perceptions of it for ever.  She was in a room, a 
bedroom with a four poster bed.  The floor and bed was lined with silk, sheets 
on the bed, pillows on the floor. Then Aeon Flux enters the room with a risk 
game and they play for hours.

---

[Compiler's Note: All Copyrighted names appear without permission and are not 
intended to mislead the reader that these names are licensed for use in the 
story.

This story is made up of posts from the National Midget Resistance 
(205)478-5152 and compiled by Gore BrainRot (sysop of the Erisian Liberation 
Front (205)343-8335)  @4120 WWIVnet

I would like to thank the following for allowing this story to be submitted:
     Bacchus, JENNEr, S'pange, Baphomet (sysop NMR), Virgo, Silacious Crumb,
     Gore Brainrot (me), Aeon Flux, Hardo, Yellow Pocket Change, >UNKNOWN<

Thanks to one and all.]

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


If a God has made this world, I should hate to be that God, for the misery of
the world would break my heart.
     --Arthur Schopenhauer


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE GRAVE-SiDE POOL
     by Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes

     Sunday is gloomy, my hours are slumberless,
     Dearest, the shadows I live with are numberless;
     Little white flowers will never awaken you,
     Not where the black coach of sorrow has taken you,
     Angels have no thought of ever returning you.
     Would they be angry if I thought of joining you,
     Gloomy Sunday!
        --From "Gloomy Sunday", by Laszlo Javor, Sam M. Lewis, and Rezso Seress

     Catherine had just turned eighteen when Robert was killed.  A "freak 
accident" they called it, an "act of God", but were it an act of God it was an 
act of a very cruel God indeed, for they were to have been married not a 
fortnight after Robert died; now, instead of the Bride's white she would be 
wearing the black of deep mourning, a colour reserved for those thrice her 
age; instead of tossing a bouquet to her laughing friends she would be tossing 
one on her fiancee's coffin.

     For days after he was interred Catherine was hardly seen but in the 
cemetery, either praying beside his grave or walking the path which runs the 
dark pool in the grave-yard's centre, near-blinded by her tears.  This pond 
was an ancient one, fed by cold-water springs somewhere deep below the still 
surface, existing even in Pagan times when this was rumoured to be a sacrifi- 
cial spot, re-consecrated for more holy uses by the Christian missions who 
founded the cemetery.  Indeed, a child is said to have found a stone with 
strange carvings etched by primitive hands while playing along the water's 
edge, a stone which, when seen by the village Deacon while strolling in the 
market square, was snatched and ground underfoot with such force so as to 
frighten the child into fleeing from the kindly man for fear of life and Soul. 
However, such strange legends and stranger facts are, so as to retain sanity, 
usually ignored by the villagers in these parts; they who prefer to live the 
guarded and sane lives lived by their ancestors before them.

     On the Sunday after Robert's interring, as Catherine walked her path 
along the pool's edge, Catherine stopped to gaze into the pool's depths, and 
suddenly the still waters were disturbed by new-fallen tears for there, ges- 
turing towards her, was Robert, imprisoned beneath the glass-like surface. 
Upset by the hallucination, Catherine pressed her hands to her eyes until 
sharp needles of pain went through them and yet, upon opening, there was 
Robert, still just out of reach beneath the pools surface, crying out to her. 
His wails, though urgent and insisting, fell silent on her ears, for upon 
death ties of communication had been severed between them and, despite the 
love between them, despite her longing to understand, nothing could make this 
denizen of the Living understand the speech of the Dead.

     Day after day she returned to the pool, where she stayed, pining with 
grief, until it was too dark to see the Shade and his desperate pleading any- 
more, and day after day she went home her face tear-streaked, her eyes red- 
dened.  As the days drew on, with the couple's futile attempts to communicate, 
the villagers discussed among themselves the dilemma of Catherine's insanity 
("Ever since that man o' her's died she's been over at that there pond acryin' 
away -- 'tain't healthy"), and they mutually decided that, for her own safety, 
she must be detained.  So, on the Friday following Robert's first appearance, 
Catherine's grieving parents arranged for a twenty-four hour watch on her 
door.  Thus Catherine was left to weep in her room and ponder the tearful 
spectre's message.

     At about one or two o'clock in the morning the Sunday following Robert's 
appearance, Catherine entered into a purple shrouded dream, sent as if in 
answer to her tearful ponderings.  She dreamt that, as she walked along the 
side of the pool peering into the depths, Robert suddenly joined her and, 
*whispering into her ear that which she must do to be able to interpret that 
which in all her vigils she could not and, upon awakening, she determined to 
carry out that which she now knew she must do.  Sneaking past the sleeping 
guard, she hurried out to the cemetery where, upon making sure there were no 
observers and no worry of "saving", she cast herself amid the waters of the 
ancient pool, and never again saw the light of this World.

     The following Sunday her bloated body was found by the sexton floating 
gently upon the surface of the pool as he skimmed Autumnal leaves from the 
dark surface.  She was buried shortly thereafter in the plot beside Robert in 
the old cemetery, her burial shortly being succeeded by that of the negligent 
guard who awoke several nights after the finding of the body to the insistent 
knockings of a masked mob upon his door, a mob carrying a stout hemp rope 
which would be the last thing he would feel.

     They are together now, living in a World of which waking men know noth- 
ing, speaking in that language known only to Dreamers, Mystics, and Necromanc- 
ers, as they are bound by ties which are stronger than marriage, which last 
longer than "till death do us part."

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


State  of  unBeing  is  copyrighted (c) 1994 by Kilgore  Trout  and  Apocalypse 
Culture Publications.   All rights are reserved to cover,  format,  editorials, 
and all incidental material.   All individual items are copyrighted (c) 1994 by 
the individual author, unless  otherwise stated.  This file may be disseminated 
without restriction for  nonprofit purposes so long as it is preserved complete 
and  unmodified.   Quotes and  ideas not  already in  the  public domain may be 
freely used  so  long  as  due recognition is provided.   State  of  unBeing is  
available at the following places:

                 iSiS UNVEiLED   512.930.5259  14.4 (Home of SoB)
                THE LiONS' DEN   512.259.9546  24oo
                 ftp to io.com   /pub/SoB

Submissions may also be sent to Kilgore Trout at <kilgore@bga.com>.  Thank you.


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
