
Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe           etats a hcus ni gniviL
of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA          emit hcihw ni dnim of
does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE          ecaps ,ssap ton seod
does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo          dna ,tsixe ton seod
idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo          .ereht ton si aedi
Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo           ecalp a ni kcutS
where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF            stnemevom erehw
are impossible                              fOFoFOf              elbissopmi era
in all forms,                             UfOFofO                 ,smrof lla ni
physical and                            nbEifof                    dna lacisyhp
or mental -                           uNBeInO                       - latnem ro
your mind is                         UNbeinG                       si dnim rouy
focusing on a                       unBEING                       a no gnisucof
lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                      ro ,gniht enol
a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                     .gnihton enol a
You are numb and                    EiNguNB                    dna bmun era ouY
unaware to events                                             stneve ot erawanu
taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                  ton - ecalp gnikat
knowing how or what                 #######                 tahw rp wph gniwonk
to think. You are in                --oNe--                ni era uoY .kniht ot
a state of unbeing....                                   ....gniebnu fo etats a

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

			    CONTENTS OF THiS iSSUE
			   =----------------------=

				EDiTORiAL   by Kilgore Trout

RADiATiON CLOUDS?  WHAT RADiATiON CLOUDS?   by Clockwork

			 PULL THE STRiNGS   by Clockwork
					       
			 STATE OF UNBEiNG   by Kilgore Trout

			CiGARETTE DANGLES   by Kilgore Trout

	  RELAXATiON FOR THE DROWNiNG MAN   by Clockwork

		   PLEASED WiTH YOUR PAiN   by Clockwork

	       SiMPLE MELODiOUS DECEPTiON   by Clockwork

		THE TERRiBLE ACT OF DROMM   by Griphon

				 EPiPHANY   by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

			      DiRTY WATER   by Kilgore Trout

     THE CONTiNUiNG STORY OF BUNGALO BiLL   by Phadrous

			  DO THEY BOUNCE?   by Griphon

			    ERRAND TO RUN   by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

				  GRiMACE   by Griphon

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Welcome to my deli."
		       
			   --Clockwork     

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout

     Welcome, boys and girls, to the first issue of State of unBeing.  Now, I'm
sure a bunch of you are wondering how the hell we got the initials *SoB*
instead of *SoU*.  Simple--just capitalize a different letter than the first.
Some call it stupid; I call it poetic license.  Besides, it's a cheap gimmick
to get people to download a file called SOB thinking they're doing something
naughty.

     Sorry to disappoint.

     This e-zine came into being (no pun intended) out of our need of a forum 
to display our thoughts to the public.  A few of us had been involved in a 
paper 'zine before this, but due to some conflicts (such as money or lack
thereof) it ceased to exist.  We also just wanted to give the public an open
forum where anything could be said without any form of censorship, no matter
what viewpoint.

     Arguably, one might say that this issue is just a bunch of poetry and
fiction with a couple of political commentaries thrown in for good measure.
If you feel that way, get off your lazy butt and send us something.  It has
been my experience that projects like these get talked about a lot and worked
on very little, so it was necessary to put something out so we'd at least
have an idea that it was worth it.

     But it doesn't really matter.  I've gotten great satisfaction from putting
this e-zine together, and that's all I really wanted.  If someone else likes
it, so be it.  Whatever.  
     
     Now, start reading.  That's an order.  Laugh, cry, sob, sit in a corner.
Just enjoy 70k of text written by some high school seniors who actually think
they can write intelligently.  Even if they can't, how many high school
seniors do you know that could put something out like this?  I'll shut up now
before I get overtly-cynical.

						    Kilgore Trout

NOTE:  I just ran out of cigarettes.  Anybody wanna bum me one?

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     And then Billy traveled in time to when he was sixteen years old, in the
waiting room of a doctor.  Billy had an infected thumb.  There was only one
other patient waiting--an old, old man.  The old man was in agony because of
gas.  He farted tremendously, and then he belched.
     "Excuse me," he said to Billy.  Then he did it again.  "Oh God--" he
said, "I knew it was going to be bad getting old."  He shook his head.  "I
didn't know it was going to be *this* bad."

					 _Slaughterhouse-Five_ by Kurt Vonnegut

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     RADiATiON CLOUDS?  WHAT RADiATiON CLOUDS?
     by Clockwork

     The U.S. Government sure is an interesting thing.  It just simply amazes
me how they casually do the things they do, then casually hide behind a 
building full of red tape, and then casually do them again.  It is rather 
disgusting.

     Recently, it was revealed to the public -- for some unknown reason -- that 
our government has been conducting tests of nuclear weapons, without informing
the public, and violating the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.  Two just overly 
glorious things in one fatal swap.

     In the past 30 years, our government conducted a total of 204 unannounced,
secret nuclear tests.  Thirty-four of them leaked radiation into the 
atmosphere.  The first was in 1963, right after they agreed to the ban of 
atmosphere tests.  The last was in September of 1992 -- right at the end of 
Bush's term.  Just another reason why I hate the man.  

     And not only have they been testing nuclear weapons, but performing 
radiation tests on humans.  Over 800.  Some were not even informed of the 
risks.  In fact, I am sure a lot of them weren't informed of the risks...

     "Oh, those blisters?  Don't worry about it!  They will disappear in a few
days!"

     Now, what exactly happened during those radiation tests have not yet been
released, but right now it is known that civilians were injected with plutonium
to determine what doses of radiation workers could safely be exposed to.  Isn't
that just nifty?  The other statistics are to be released sometime in the near 
future.  It's about time.  Of course, the information wasn't released until the
government officials involved with it were long past.

     Since we are on the subject of radiation, lets delve a little bit deeper 
into the cesspools.  It was also revealed that several government warehouses in
six states currently hold around 33.5 tons of plutonium.  I bet that is REAL 
safe.

     Apparently, our government is so very concerned about the safety of the 
average American citizen.  Not only do they have tons of plutonium sitting 
around, but tons of radioactive reactor fuel, too.  Oh, yeah!  Sure, why not?

     In fact, millions of pounds of this fuel are being kept by the Department
of Energy in storage pools -- 29 clusters of pools spread all around the 
country.  This fuel was supposed to have sat there for a maximum of 18 months,
but they have been there since the 80's.  Deterioration of the storage units is
occurring, exposing many to dangerously high levels of radiation, and releasing
material into the atmosphere that could spread for many years.  And of course, 
the DOE has yet to explore solutions.

     Let's skip back a little in time -- back to the early nuclear days.

     After World War II, the United States decided they wished to do develop 
weapons that would kill by radioactive fallout.  So, they did.  That shouldn't
be a surprise, the government usually gets what it wants.  There were twelve 
tests done in New Mexico, Tennessee, and Utah from 1948 to 1952 where they 
exploded these weapons into the atmosphere.  The radiation that was released 
is thousands of times higher than allowed today.  And the funny thing is, they
insisted it was all completely safe.

     In Dugway, Utah they tested devices that would spread radiation across the
fallout area.  In Los Alamos, New Mexico they tested devices that would release
radiation into the air.  In Oak Ridge, Tennessee they tested devices that would
release radiation at ground level.  And to top it all off, during an experiment
in 1949, radiation spread over 200 miles across a stretch of Oregon and 
Washington.

     Now, who wants a glass of fresh, cold, sparkling Oregon water?

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     'Exactly.  You see, at four o'clock it will become neccesary to... to
start killing them.  Naturally we hope it will not be necessary.  But if it 
is... You are right, things must be explained to them if it is possible.  Even
a soldier knows why he is fighting.  It is fair that the passengers be told
as well.'

		   _A History of the World in 10 1/2 Chapters_ by Julian Barnes

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     PULL THE STRiNGS
     by Clockwork

      As you may have noticed, I am supremely anti-government.  I sit here and
rant and rave about all this corruption in the U.S. -- the land of the free, 
the home of the brave; the place where everybody is supposed to go to get a 
fair chance and a new start.  Well, it dawned on me that the U.S. government
doesn't only unjustly rule over this country, but over others also.

      Let me tell you a nice little tale of the past.  This story takes place 
in a place called El Salvador, a nice little country in Central America.  Well,
once upon a time, not too long ago, a group of U.S. trained Salvadorian 
soldiers massacred 926 unarmed people in a little village called El Mosote.  
They killed anyone who got in the way.  Nice, huh?  131 of those killed were 
children under twelve years old. The youngest being those still in the womb. 
Three children, who were in their first few months of life were hung, shot, and
thrown into the air, landing on the soldiers' bayonets. Witnesses said soldiers
would stack up people and shot them, so as to not waste ammunition.  Bullets 
would pass through childrens' heads and put dents into the ground.  After all
this, the soldiers dumped all the bodies into a shallow pit.  After a while, 
the smell flooded all the houses of people still living there.

      As usual, the U.S. Government and the U.S. military paid no attention to
any of this.  The Reagan administration told Congress and the U.S. people that
there was no evidence of a massacre whatsoever.

      OH!  PARDON ME!!  Then I guess that the whole field of bodies and many 
eyewitnesses are just hallucinations, aren't they Mr. Reagan?!?  Sure, why not!
And the funny thing is that after Reagan made his initial statement, he made 
another.  He said that El Salvador was progressing in civil rights.  Do you 
know why?  So the U.S. could give more weapons and money to the Salvadorian 
armies.  Reagan also said that what actually happened at El Mosote was a 
conflict between guerillas and government soldiers.  This isn't true.  The 
guerillas left the area four days before the soldiers got there.

      Why?

      Who knows.  It's just a funny thing that a thousand unarmed, innocent 
people are killed one day by U.S. trained soldiers with U.S. weapons.  And then
the U.S. denies that anything ever happened.  And then when evidence is shown, 
they change their statement a little so they won't be lying as much.

      Sounds like what occurs everyday in the United States.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
     
     It was called *When Scandinavian Bodies Go Mouth Crazy.*  The title 
proved to be accurate--even felicitous.  I sat with Keith for a while and
watched five middle-aged men seated around a table talking in Danish or Swedish
or Norwegian without subtitles.  You could make out a word every now and then.
*Radiotherapy.*  *Handikap-toilet.*  'Where's the remote?' Keith asked grimly.
He had need of the Fast Forward, the Picture Search.  We found the remote but
it didn't seem to be working.  Keith had to sit through the whole thing:  an
educational short, I assumed, about hospital administration.  I slipped into 
the study.  When I came back the five old guys were still talking.  The thing
ended with a few credits.  Keith looked at the floor and said, 'Bastard.'

						 _London Fields_ by Martin Amis

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     STATE OF UNBEiNG
     by Kilgore Trout

     imprisoned in a world of confusion and uncertainty
     footsteps echo loudly in the hollow of a heart
     an endless passageway appears which i must follow
     where it shall take me, i do not know
     life leads the stray dog into a trap of death
     time is both the catalyst and executioner
     the same shall happen to me soon, i'm sure
     when time judges, the verdict is live or die
     i'm trapped in limbo at the perilous crossroads
     wondering which way to go, which way to run
     it's right behind me, the thing i most fear
     my legs fail me as i try to escape
     pull at the ground with tired fingers
     inch my way forward towards an illusion of eden
     the promised land lies over the next foothill
     if only i possessed the strength
     the breath of insanity flirts with my neck
     its potent spell eradicating my senses
     vision diminishes as terror awakens
     i am not who i appear to be
     a diseased hand delves deep into my soul
     it grasps onto the root of my inner being
     inject the cancer, let it roam free
     and dispose of this mindless body
     blackness soars throughout these veins
     the life they carried evaporates and fades away
     a swollen shell of what i once called myself
     now floats languidly in a puddle of self-apathy
     eyes that hate leer at me from tree tops
     gargoyles ready to pounce on my decrepit corpse
     their hunger wafts behind the leaves
     subtle yet too dangerous not to notice
     where is my salvation in this unholy place
     only my thoughts can answer, and they betray
     my heart dies beside me, cracked and blackened
     like a fool wishing for his own immortality
     the golden chalice awaits feeble lips
     sip from its depths, and all is finished
     the parched wasteland of my throat cries out
     the hands that raise it are not my own
     reaching, fumbling, grabbing, taking
     swallow the wine that will make me whole
     cool liquid drips into the cavity of my heart
     i am not replenished, i am not saved
     encased in a vice of malice and numbing hurt
     feeling is no more, yet i still taste the pain
     lust for the acquittal of sins i did not commit
     lost hopes drift away in a chaotic breeze
     i gaze upon my face from a distant point in time
     jaded and despised, it holds only fading memories
     my new existance begins in a state of unbeing
     a prisoner of no one, but free from nothing

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "The Classical Greeks were not influenced by the Classical Greeks."

							  _Principia Discordia_

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     CiGARETTE DANGLES
     by Kilgore Trout

     cigarette dangles
     black lungs exhale a venomous poison
     life slowly withers away with each drag
     cold fingers buried in deep pockets for warmth

     where is she
	  where does she hide
     her slender, dark face feeds warmth to my mind
     time passes quickly
     the painful memories stay forever
     people surround me, yet i am alone

     i loved at one time
     i gave myself completely to her
     and now i have no one but myself

     she knows all my secrets
     she can destroy me

     the street only runs east and west
     my direction, however, is south

     the day will come when i finally find her
     and face the rejection in her eyes
     instead of being walked out on
     left to wondering what i did
     wrong

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Memory, prophecy and fantasy--the past, the future and the dreaming 
moment between--are all one country, living one immortal day.  To know that is
Wisdom.  To use it is the Art."

				    _The Great and Secret Show_ by Clive Barker


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     RELAXATiON FOR THE DROWNiNG MAN
     by Clockwork

     Breathe the water you walk in,
     and drink the air to fill your hunger.
     The taste of pure nothing cleans,
     washing the dirt and tar away
     to leave you ready for another life.
     Sinking down in woven warmth,
     let the caged be free,
     and watch their wings spread,
     knowing they are welcome to return.
     You know they will,
     to grope at something new or old,
     it makes no difference to them.
     They exist to peck at you,
     and that is what they do.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "This column has a hole.  Can you see The Queen of the Dead?"
		   
							      -- George Seferis

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     PLEASED WiTH YOUR PAiN
     by Clockwork

     Can you still taste the wax stained on my chest?
     It can not be cleansed with soap and water,
     it must be scraped with your own hands.
     Perhaps another coat from another candle
     will leave me with more pleasure
     than the first.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Out here on the perimeter
      there are no stars
      Out here we is stoned immaculate."

								-- Jim Morrison


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     SiMPLE MELODiOUS DECEPTiON
     by Clockwork

     Soft spoken angels laugh at passers-by,
     while perched atop the masked concrete block,
     awaiting for the moon to fall.

     "Watch the dozen apples ripen into gold,"
     a voice from the people massed cried,
     without knowledge of the seven stolen by feeble hands.
     His blood stained the hands of many there,
     but now he stood and made them laugh,
     with unmatched illusion and harmonic discord.

     Drawn to the worn, well-written face,
     the angels pause before their laughter,
     and choose to leave before the moon,
     knowing they have been beaten.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "You goin' to county, boy!"

						 -- a small-town police officer

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE TERRiBLE ACT OF DROMM
     by Griphon

     It was a particular day, a Wednesday, when the terrible Act of Dromm
occured.  Toquem and I were in the field, taking a pleasant and much needed
piss on Mother's petunias.

     "This feels quite good," Toquem said.

     "Quite.  No, no, this feels extremely good.  I haven't taken a piss like
this since the time Griff and I got smashed and drank about four kegs of beer.
That was a good piss.  This is a good piss," I said.

     "Once I pissed my pants," Toquem said.  "That would have been a good piss,
except for the fact that everyone laughed at me.  Wij pissed his pants, too, on
account of laughing at me so.  Everyone gave him a good taunting about it."

     "I remember this fat girl pissed her pants once.  It took her a couple of
hours to feel it; she was so fat.  I remember kicking her in the fat stomach
and yelling, 'Look here, you fat girl, you pissed in your pants.  Geez, you're
fat.  It's a wonder a girl as fat as you could even take a piss, but yes, you
did take a piss, all over yourself.'  I then called a few of my friends 
together and we laughed out loud at the fat girl who had pissed herself."

     "I never saw a fat girl piss herself, but once I saw a fat boy throw up on
himself.  I basted him about the skull with a metal pipe and called him 
'Spewy.'  That was fun."

     "Yes, that sounds like fun.  You done with your piss?"

     "Yes.  Let me shake my dong a couple of times.  Okay, let's go."

     We went inside and drank a couple of beers.  Then the Earth blew up.  That
was the terrible Act of Dromm.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Extreme terror gives us back the gestures of our childhood."
     
								      -- Chazal

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EPiPHANY
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

     It was in December when I was seventeen that I had left for lunch fifth 
period, unaware of the situation I was about to enter.   Truly, I only wanted a
burger and some fries and to return to school to eat lunch with my friends.  I
pulled my car into Hardee's, as usual, and walked in to place my order.  I had
given the cashier my money when some girl started screaming.  I spun around 
like everyone else and saw this guy, Brad Kenson, slouched back in a chair, 
holding a gun in his hand.

     "Everyone get out," he said softly.  Surely we all heard him in the 
silence after the girl stopped screaming, but no one moved.  "Get out," he 
said louder, raising the gun like a flag, waving it around.  People started to
walk out the door but that sudden instinctive burst of panic made them run.  I
looked at Brad speculatively and frowned.
 
     Brad was not one of the favorite people at my school; few people could 
disagree with me.  I admit I didn't know much about him, but when I first saw
him two years before, I immediately assumed he was a drug user or a 
troublemaker just because of his long hair and dirty, ripped-up clothes.  And
I had neither seen and heard much to the contrary.  I disliked every time I saw
him hanging around outside the school after hours, looking ready at any time to
trip out in a pathetic, self-degrading durg-induced hallucinatory trip.  You 
couldn't help but see that black hair and those dark, close-set eyes and know
he was evil.  I tried to ignore him at school, but here, endangering the lives
of all these people and me, he made me angry.

     "Hey, get out of here," he said listlessly to me, waving the gun in the 
direction of the door.  I looked around and noticed I was the only one left.

     "What's going on, anyway?" I asked, trying to appear stern.  "Are you, 
like, robbing the restaurant?"

     He grunted a laugh.  "I've got better things to do," he said, smiling.  
He lifted the gun to his head.

     At that moment, the human brain demonstrated both its human compassion and
its astounding ability to think fast.  Although I hated the guy, I dove to push
the gun out of his hand.  I realized as I was thrusting my arm forward that the
gun could point towards me and go off.  The next split second I heard the gun 
click, and I blinked my eyes fiercely at the sound.  The next split second I 
saw the utterly crushing look of despair on Brad's face as the gun flew across
the floor, and I fell back in a chair, confused and flustered.

     I glared at Brad in anger for having to be the one to save the his life 
while putting mine in danger.  I was not that kind of person.

     "Not even loaded.  Forgot," he said.  "Click, no boom.  I'll get it right
soon."

     He jumped over the area where the gun had flown and picked it up.  I could
have kicked myself that moment.  I never even thought of getting the gun.  He 
started loading the bullets calmly, and some force-field of selfishness 
prevented me from doing anything.  I just watched, terrified.  Soon the badly 
hidden despair in his stark face moved me to act.

     "Wait!" I exclaimed, scaring him.  His finger jerked and a bullet flew 
across the room.  "Uh, sorry," I said stupidly.  My mind finally started 
working.  "What's wrong, Brad?" I asked him sincerely.  I truly did not know 
and quickly dismissed any fleeting ideas I might have had--divorce, alcoholic
parents, bad grades--crap like that.  The mere thought of suicide astounded me.
"Why do you want to die?"

     "Why would I want to live?" was his answer.  It's really the most 
depressing answer you can get from a person.  He was staring towards the cash
register so he wouldn't have to meet my glance or the glances of the people 
crowded around the windows.

     I shrugged unconsciously and became angry at myself for not doing 
anything.  I felt very insignificant next to a suicidal teenager with a loaded
gun.  I knew there were written in some health book the steps for talking 
someone out of a suicide, but I had been the only one to overlook them.  I 
imagined the people outside pointing out some chart on the wall with clear, 
concise steps I was to follow.  I looked outside and saw police arriving, but
some people stopped the police from entering.  They obviously thought I would
take care of the problem.  More weight on my small shoulders.

     I tried to summon to memory the most effective and moving acts of 
psychology I had seen in movies and TV, but like in a dream, they all mixed 
together randomly, and I was alone with my wits. 

     "Come on, man, answer me," I said.  "Why die?"

     Brad was startled by my empathy but only showed it by looking at me.

     "Why die? What a funny question.  Think about what you just asked me."

     I did and became confused.

     "I'll tell you why.  It's the world.  Humanity.  People."

     I rolled my eyes.  Nice cliche.

     "Hey! I'm serious! What the hell kind of society lets a teenager get a 
gun, and--and go into any restaurant and terrorize it?"

     I objected.  "That's not because of society--"

     "But it is.  You don't know how screwed up society is...  I mean, look at
all those people outside.  They're watching this like it's some kind of freak 
show.  No one ever stays behind to fuckin' console the suicidal person.  They 
all run out then let him kill himself inside.  Then, people go on TV and tell 
their shocking stories of seeing the unfortunate person die.  Then the news 
will delve into my life, point out the bad parts, and make the suicide seem 
like a warning sign that society is collapsing."

     "But you just said it was yourself."

     "No, LISTEN to me!" he yelled, slamming his hand on the table.  "They are
going to say I'm a cause of society's breakdown -- you know, rising suicides 
and shit -- all they ever do is blame the victim!"
 
     I suddenly felt as if Brad were a different person.  It shocked me--
someone so grungy-looking having intelligent insights.  I yearned to know more,
forgetting all the people outside.

     "If you're the victim, who's the cause?" I asked.

     "I'll tell you -- it's people who run the country.  You always thought it
was a democracy, right?  And the President presides over his glorious nation 
and bids good health to all?  Hah!  Congress controls the country.  But they're
the people's servants, you interject.  They're supposed to be.  But you'll see 
about ten people in that House or Senate who really give a shit.  Actually, 
you'll never SEE congressmen -- only lobbyists waving their dollars in their
clenched fists eager to keep their boys in power.

     "You see, it's all power.  Who has power?  The Rich, the White, and the 
Males.  Yeah, yeah, civil rights and women's lib.  Tell me about it.  If all 
that equality really is working, why don't we see women and black people 
heading up the corporations who screw the American people over?  Why isn't 
Congress filled with blacks and women who love money as much as they despise 
the First Amendment?  Because civil rights hasn't yet fucked up society enough.
Luckily.

     "What is civil rights, anyway?  It's laws passed to make people able to 
compete with the big rich white males who want to suppress them!  The way I see
it, there are already enough good people who see humans as humans, but they're 
not the ones in power."

     I added, "Like you."

     "Yeah.  I'll tell you--if I were up there, heading GM right now, the only 
thing different about me would be my position.  That's all I would have to 
change.  Do you see what I'm getting at?  If I looked like you now, people 
would say, 'There's someone who's going to make it in life.'  Now, they just 
say, 'Look at that druggie over there.  When's he going to throw his bombs at
us?'"

     My face turned dark red.  I bowed my head and mumbled in agreement.

     Brad noticed and turned on me.  "So, you're one of them, too!?  Should 
have known.  Hey, you're Walt, aren't you?"

     "Yeah," I said.

     "Remember me from third grade?" he asked.

     I looked up and locked eyes with him.  "You're Bradley Lanton?!" I
whispered in awe.

     "Exactly!  My mom divorced and I got a new last name.  But I'm the same 
person."

     "Shit!  You were so clean-cut -- even funny sometimes."

     "You have to beat humor out of me now," he snarled.  "Us antichrists don't
like to get friends."

     I remembered my previous faux pas and lowered my head again.  I knew this
Brad person would screw up my day, but never my perceptions of the world 
outside my own little mind.

     "And why am I an antichrist?  Oh, because I dress like one.  Why, it's in
the bible that all antichrists wear flannels and long hair.  I get stopped so 
often in my car by police pigs.  You know they want to find some drugs on me 
so I can go to jail.  Get 'my type' off the streets."

     "Why don't you dress differently?" I queried, knowing it would evoke a 
response.

     "Are you stupid?  I mean, why don't you dress differently?  You've got 
your button-down shirt tucked into your pants, dammit!  Look like a little 
choirboy.  But it works, eh?  You get plenty respect for looking respectable.
It's all the powerful people who you dress like.  They see you as an 
inspiration that their way of life will go on forever.  You're just a little 
conformist ass-kisser."

     "Come on, now, you don't know me," I defended myself.

     "Oh, you've got a personality beyond YOUR clothes?  Just like me?  How 
novel."

     "You're right--you've got me thinking about people simply judge you by 
your clothes.  How stupid!  It's..."

     "Wait, wait--you know nudity is probably illegal because people wouldn't
be able to tell each other's social classes apart," Brad said, smirking.

     "Yeah!  Really!  You can't classify anyone unless they have a uniform--"

     "Or a race."

     "--that too.  You just know someone serving burgers in this Hardee's is 
lowlier than you--eh, me--because they've got the uniform.  They're all the 
same--uniform."  I felt proud of myself.

     "Sure.  It's all the conformity thing.  Act like everyone else and get 
along, and sacrifice yourself in the process.  But why?  Who needs 250 million
clones wandering around the U.S.?  Is it to prevent catastrophe?  The collapse
of our society?  I thought that's what democracy was all about.  People doing 
as they please."  He held my glance for a few seconds to see if I was thinking
it over.

     "You sure are perceptive," I commented.

     "Well, it's a fucking curse!  Here I am, Mister Perceptive, having to use 
a gun to get someone to listen to me without branding me a stupid druggie!" he
screamed.  I felt then a loss of something--all that we'd gained together.  My
heart sank.  He reached for a pack of cigarettes in his shirt, and I suddenly 
remembered he was sitting there with a gun.  "Mind if I smoke?" he asked, 
ignoring any possible response by lighting up.

     I wanted to tell him not to smoke but I knew he'd see anti-smoking laws 
as an oppression of freedom, and rightly so. 

     For a few minutes, we sat there silent.  Brad dragged heavily and I 
thought about the whole society-sucks argument.  I never really had much chance
to think about any of it, having no reason to.  I started to consider the 
effect of his type running the country.  Soon, though, I wondered if any of 
them would have enough optimism to overpower their apathy and cynicism.  Brad
interrupted me before I could start to think of it.

     "Frankly, I can't see anything ever changing around here," he spurted out.
"Push your civil rights and social reform and gun control laws but people won't
take to any of it unless they benefit from it.  Screw it!... Hey, I bet you 
were thinking about cigarette control, eh?  Well, OOPS!  I'm high on nicotine
now, and unresponsible for my actions!"  He jumped up from his seat and grabbed
the gun.  "Gun control?  Ha!  Here's some social reform for ya, America!"

     Brad aimed at the windows and shot twice at police officers poised by the
door.  I ducked, fearing them shooting back, and scurried on my hands and knees
to the bathroom in a room echoing with the gunfire of a lone gunman.  I didn't 
hear anyone fire back.  Brad fired a few more times.  The screaming outside had
died down, strangely, and I peeked out of the bathroom and saw no one at the 
windows.  They were gone.  Brad paused and glanced at his gun; then fired it at
his head and fell.

     It was a few minutes before the people came back to assess the damage.  
Even the police had hidden.  I looked in the restaurant and remembering the 
image of Brad standing there alone with a gun struck me.  No one had tried to 
stop him.  Anyone who tried would have had a direct, virtually unobstructed 
line to wrest the gun from him.  But under the fear of the power of the gun, 
and what this druggie madman might do, no one took the initiative.  Everyone 
had run away.  Police, trained in situations like this, ran away.  I remembered
my talk with Brad and realized I had run away too.  I wondered if Brad's 
prediction would turn out to be correct.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Total number of allowances you are claiming (from line G above or from
the Worksheets on back if they apply)."

					      -- from a Whataburger application

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     DiRTY WATER 
     by Kilgore Trout

     We were sitting in the corner of a fast food restaurant--me, Ray, and
Tammy.  Ray was eighteen, strong, and blond.  Tammy was twenty-one, gorgeous,
and a recovering drug addict.  I was, well, just the same old me.

     It happened to be Friday night, and we had nothing better to do with
our lives then loiter around a small table, drinking free refills of Coke
and root beer and smoking cigarettes.

     "God, this is fucking boring," Ray said.

     "You got a better idea?" I asked.  
     
     Ray shrugged.  "Is this what our pathetic existence amounts to?  We go to
school during the day, listening to boring professors lecture on things we 
don't want to hear, and then, when we need to have some fun, we come here.  To
Burger King!  Maybe we should actually go somewhere else for a change."

      This conversation took place almost every Friday night, yet it always
failed to accomplish anything.  Actually, coming to Burger King did make up
a good portion of our free time.  It had become almost routine.  Besides, I
know that the first Friday night we didn't make a stop at Burger King, Ray
would get pissed and complain about not going.  

      We sat in silence for a while, sipping on our drinks and taking drags.
The air around our table was beginning to thicken with the smoke, and an old
couple with trays of food promptly turned towards the non-smoking section when
they saw us.  Finally, Tammy broke the silence.

      "You guys ever play dirty water?" she asked.

      Ray and I looked at each other, and then shook our heads.

      "Gimme your ashtrays," she said, motioning with her hands.  As we slid 
the almost-full ashtrays over to Tammy, she dug her free hand into one of her
pockets.  After a moment of searching, she produced a penny.

      "Oh boy, this looks real fun," Ray commented.  "What are we gonna do,
dump the ashes into the water and drink it?"

      Tammy laughed.  "Yup."

      Ray's face went blank.  "You can't be serious."

      "I am."

      "You're outta your goddamn mind if you think I'm gonna drink that."

      "Well, all of us aren't going to drink the dirty water.  Only the 
loser."

      "And exactly how do we determine the loser?" I inquired.

      "See, I'm gonna cover this cup with a napkin," she explained while
dumping the ashes into the water.  "The penny goes in the middle of the
napkin, and then we take turns burning holes in the napkin with our 
cigarettes.  The person who makes the penny fall in has to slurp up the
sludge."

      I hesitated for a moment.  I didn't know if I could do that with all
that crap in there.  "Do we have to swallow the penny."

      "No, of course not," Tammy assured.  "You could choke on that or 
something."

      "Oh, good," I said, somewhat confused.  "Alright, I guess I'm ready."

      Tammy proceeded to cover the cup with the napkin and placed the penny
in the center.  She glanced over at Ray, who still wasn't sure exactly what
to make of the situation.

      "Ray, you ready?"

      "Shit," he cursed.  "If I have to drink that stuff, I'm gonna puke."

      "That's okay--it usually happens," Tammy said.

      "By the way, where did you hear about this game?" I asked.

      "Oh, it's just a game a bunch of us recovering druggies play to pass the
time."

      Quite amusing response, I thought.  I guess if you wanna get sick and
throw up, it's cheaper than buying beer, and the chance of an overdose is
practically nil.  But I did have to agree with Ray.  If that mucky water
passed through my mouth, it would be coming back up onto my two best friends.

      "I'll go first," Tammy quickly said, and then burned a hole near the
edge of the cup.  "It's best if you make a sort of cross-pattern.  I've found
it's the safest way to live through the night.

      I took my cigarette and made a hole on the opposite side of Tammy's.
The paper disappeared instantly, a small hole and a line of smoke remaining
in its place.  Ray put a hole right next to the penny.

      "What the hell, Ray?" I said.  "You wanna lose?"

      "Nope, just trying to make it more interesting," he replied.

      Tammy just smiled and placed another hole on the outside rim of the
cup.  It started to flare up, but she cooled it down by blowing on it, calmly
and professionally.  She must have played this game a lot.  And I thought we
were bored.

      My turn again.  Following Tammy's example, I decided to play it safe
and put a hole next to my previous one.  I wasn't going to do anything stupid
to "make the game more interesting."  I like keeping my food down.

      As Ray moved forward to make his hole, he caught his elbow on the edge
of the table, and his cigarette plunged into the napkin, creating an enormous
gap in the napkin.  The penny promptly fell in.

      "Oh, shit," Ray muttered.

      "Looks like we have a winner," Tammy announced.  "Time to drink up, 
Ray."

      "Hey, guys, that wasn't my fault," Ray stuttered.  "My elbow got caught.
I never would have--"

      "Oh, shut up, Ray," I said, laughing like a mad man.  "You lost, now
you get to taste the goodies."

      Ray's eyes glared at me, but he knew he had lost.  His face looked kind
of queasy as he prepared to partake of the nectar of the gods.  If this was
the nectar of the gods, though, I sure as hell wouldn't want to be a part of
the church that worshiped them.  I think the night of the Lord's Supper would
be one night to stay home and watch _60 Minutes_ or even scrub the toilets.
I'd do anything rather than see a bunch of people drinking dirty water and
then vomiting that which the church had so thoughtfully given them.

      Tammy removed the napkin and fished the penny out with a spoon.  She
took my glass of water and poured it into her cup, stirring the blackish
liquid.  "Ok, Ray, I've diluted it somewhat, since this is your first time.
Don't worry, I've only seen one person have to get their stomach pumped
because of this."

      I pushed the cup over to Ray, who took it into trembling hands.  He
raised the glass up to his lips and began to drink.  Ray's eyes closed and
his face was wrinkled in disgust, but he showed no signs of stopping.  After
a few seconds, the murky water started dribbling down his chin and onto his
chest, creating quite a mess.  Twenty seconds later, he slammed the cup down
triumphantly onto the table.

      "Uhhhhh," he said.  "That was fucking horrible."

      "Come on," Tammy motioned.  "Let's go outside."

      I understood why immediately and helped Ray up from his chair.  We
limped outside, much to the dismay of the employee's who were wondering
exactly what was wrong with Ray.

      "Is he okay?" one of the employees asked as we passed by.

      "Next time, cook your damn burgers," I said.  The employee looked
embarrassed, as if she got that complaint often.

      Once we made it outside, I let go of Ray.  He stumbled out into the
middle of the parking lot, keeled over, and violently threw up chunks of black
slosh all over the pavement.

      Tammy and I laughed for so long.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Love is like a warm puppy whose blood is spilling onto the pavement 
thanks to the nice Lexus owner who was blinded by her riches."

							       -- Kilgore Trout

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE CONTiNUiNG ADVENTURES OF BUNGALO BiLL
     by Phadrous

     "Gimme an ashtray."

     We sat in the Lounge drinking various liquids and sucking in thick, warm,
nasty air.  The rickity circle which we surrounded was crammed with lighters,
smokes, and used glasses full of Camel butts.  All around us, poetry was being
written, women were wooed, and love was rising and crumbling in the sea of
human emotions.  We didn't care.  For us, the entire world stagnated on our
table and spilled over onto the floor and chairs.  I felt content and deaf.
The mouths about me movied rapidly, yet no sound escaped the lips.  The
overbearing music, the laughter, and crying drowned themselves out and left me
with only a roaring to pass the time.  I set my glass down on the floor and, oh
huzzah.  Sleep.

     I awoke with my mouth glued shut by mucus.  It always seems to leave an
escape route.  Mucus does.  sometimes it wakes me upo with it yelling, 
"Yippee!"  It seems to find joy in the witer slide of my face.  However, it had
now dried and was only moaning, "Mama told me not to come" (without a British
accent).

     I looked around, and except for Frank and Bishop, I was alone in the room.

     "Hey," said I.  "Where is everybody!?"

     "They flipped off to Bengal's," replied Frank.  "Somebody wanted the new
Black Death album.  Said they'd be back soon."

     "They just left?"

     "Yeah.  'Bout three hours ago."

     "Oh."  We sat for a bit in silence as I cleaned some of the crap out of
my mouth with my tongue.

     "Hey," I added.  "What day is it?"

     "Saturday.  Sort of."  Frank refused to give straight-forward answers,
but I was used to it.

     "Which part?"

     "The first part."

     "Really?"

     "Yeah.  About 126,000 minutes since it started."

     "You been counting the minutes?"

     "Not all of 'em."

     "Where's he at?" I asked, indicating Bishop.

     "Wonderland.  I should never have taught him that."  Frank was refering
to an intense meditation method in which one slows down one's metabolism to
less than that of a hibernating South American toad.  I watched Bishop for a
moment.  His heart beat twice with a two second pause in between each set of
chambers.  *Squish.*

     "What'd he have?"

     "Root beer."

     "Hell, he's gone then."

     "Yeah."  Frank lit another cigarette.

     "I'm headin' up."

     "Cheese."

     I struggled to my feet and stumbled to the stairs.  After what I believe
was exactly two years, I got to my room, opened the door and fell face last
onto my bed.  Unfortunately, someone had left a spoon, a stereo, some CD's and
several people in it.  I took hold of the spoon and shoved it into the wall.
The rest could get out by themselves for all I cared.  Violins vibrated the
wall as cellos shook the ceiling.  Except for a little distortion caused by the
vomit-soaked walls, the Chintos Quintet in the room next door sounded rather
good.

				   * * * * *

     Spinnlt's "Reverberating Chaos" pounded my brain.  I opened my eyes and
found that I was blind.  I pushed a cat off my face and found myself, once 
more, visually oriented.  The clock on the floor told me that it was two in
the afternoon, but I had never known that particular clock to give the right
time, so I searched around with my hands until I found a wrist.  Five.  Jenny's
watch was usually right.  Jenny wasn't but her watch was.  I looked around for
the rest of her but found no more than her elbow and possibly her knee.  She
wasn't an extremely pretty girl.  Cute, but not sexy or anything.  She was the
kind that stands real close to you all the time and occasionly brushes up to
see what kind of reaction she can get.  That always makes me horny but I try
not to let her know so she'll try harder.  

     I rolled out of bed and searched for a patch of carpet to step on.  
Finding one between some clothing and papers, I made my way slowly, stepping
from one shadow-coated carpet patch to another until I reached the toilet.  I
then experienced one of the more tiring things that one can.  That is, 
urinating for more than a minute and a half.  It shows how little patience we
have when it happens.  I shuffled back out into the dark and sat down in my
chair which dominated one corner of the room.  As my eyes adjusted to the dark
again, I picked out shapes that lay dead in the slits of light which were
filtered through my venetian blinds.  "Venetian blind," I thought to myself.
Mel Brook's image loomed in front of my brain and answered with gusto.  I
watched a lamp fall ever so slowly off the large black blob that represented
a low bookshelf.  It reminded me of a great pine falling in a forest making a
noise just to spite the philosophers.  The lamp hit the piles of books which
resided on the part of my floor just in front of the bookshelf.

     "Damn," I said.  It is amazing how little such a powerful word can mean
when one puts no tone into it.  The lamp bounced and landed to barricae the
walkway between the wall and the foot of my over-filled bed.  I looked 
carefully at the face that hung over the side of the bed, and was quite sure
that it had not been there when I had lain to sleep.  I had had a king sized
bed stuffed in my room three months before and the day it arrived it became
the only bed in the building that was used for sleeping.  I think perhaps it
was a crude joke started by Bishop.  Imagine, talking a whole building into
using one bed--my bed.  It was quite an accomplishment.  I had tried to fight
it at first but after a week of sacking out on the floor I thought, "Dammit,
that's my bed and I'm sleeping in it no matter who is in it.  All the other
beds became desks and elevated floors.  A couple stayed open in case too many
people wanted to snooze at the same time or whatever, but for the most part,
there was a constant minimum of three people asleep in my bed at one time.  I
don't know who changed the sheets.  It wasn't me.  And I don't know when they
did it because, as far as I know, the sheets were always in use.  However, 
someone must have, because every week or fortnight I found the linens to be
a different color and a fresher odor.

     Very few of the things in the room belonged to me.  Actually, a great deal
of things belonged to me and most of those were in the room, but of all the
things in the room, my property was a very small percentage.  There was a 
collection in my room.  It made up the largest percentage of the things in the
confines of my room.  I do not know what the collection was of.  I asked Stone
what it was of when he brought it over.

     "Of?  OF??  It's my collection.  You said I could keep it here.  Are you
going back on your word?"

     "No, of course not.  Bring it in."

     That was the only explanation I got.  Sometimes Stone would come over and
add things or people to his collection.  Sometimes he would take them away, and
on rare occasions he would take inventory.  I'm not exactly sure how that
happened.  Bits of the collection were sitting, hanging, melting, mildewing and
crawling all over the place.  Sometimes pieces of it would just get tired and
walk out, but Stone never missed a solitary bit of it.  He would run down his
list and if anything was missing, he would go hunt it down and secure it more
tightly to the floor when he brought it back.  The only thing you could nicely
say about Stone's collection was that it was very varied.  Over the two and a
half years that it was in my room, I shot it, rearranged it, fed it, gassed it, 
electricuted it, shined it, kicked it, cleaned it, dated it, clipped my hair 
with it, and drank with different parts of it.  For a while, Stone had guitar
players in his collection.

     As I thought of this, I realized that Spinnlt had stopped playing.  
Usually one notices when something as loud and irritating as Spinnlt does
anything, but I had somehow missed them stopping.  "Maybe one of 'em died," I
hoped.  then I thought about what I was thinking.  Death wouldn't stop Spinnlt.
Or perhaps Death hadn't stopped Spinnlt.  They all four looked like corpses and
smelled like rotting flesh.  But at least they were loud.  I think that 
Spinnlt's lead guitarist, Fish, could probably play an acoustic louder than
Kurt Cobain could an electric.  No.  They weren't dead.  They had probably
gone out to do whatever it was they did when they weren't rocking their brains
out.  I wondered what I would do on this fine and lovely day.  "Nothing."  I
was almost sure of that, because it was just the sort of thing that I often did
and was likely to do again.

     I wanted to talk with Nancy.  I wanted to talk with lots of girls.  
Actually I wanted to do a great deal more than that but speech is better than
nothing until it's over.  When you finish talking, you both walk away without
her knowing how you feel, and there's this empty feeling right in the pit of
your soul.  You want to bash your head into the closest thing to you and cry
because she didn't know or she did and was merely putting up with you.  Fridays
are the worst days to feel horny cause you know you've got at least three days
with nothing but yourself.  I do hate Fridays.  They promise so much 
lonesomeness.

     I stood up, disgusted with myself and walked out of the darkness into 
dimness.  Hallways, in my opinion, are either dim or antiseptic.  I like the
dim ones.  what I like is a hallway without concrete walls.  Concrete pisses
me off.  It's hard, cold and usually dirty--especially if someone has painted
it white.  I got out of my dim hallway and went down the emergency stairs at
the far end.  Nobody used the elevators.  At least not on a regular basis, 
because the stairs were quicker.  The most use that the elevator got was when
Frank got really drunk.  After a bottle of Jack, there was nothing he liked
better than to ride up and down and up and down again until he puked all over
the buttons.  It also got some business after Bishop broke both his ankles and
had to ride in a wheelchair for several weeks.  He enver rode down it.  Always
up, but never down.  He used the stairs to go down, just like everyone else.
What a trooper.  You gotta admire a guy like Bishop.

			      TO BE CONTiNUED...

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "In October, researchers at Auburn University and Wayne State University,
surveying forty-nine metropolitan areas' prevalence of country and western 
music on radio, found that the more C&W, the higher the suicide rate."

							__The Austin Chronicle_

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     DO THEY BOUNCE?
     by Griphon


     Rob stood under the tall bank building downtown.

     "Do you think he'll jump?" he said, looking up at the ledge.

     "Dunno,"  Gray, his best friend, said, throwing the remnants of one hell
of a joint onto the sidewalk.

     "Let's try to get him to.  I hear they fuckin' bounce when they hit."

     "Shit.  I bet they just splatter all over the place.  Why the hell would
they bounce?"

     "I don't know, man.  My brother said he's seen one though, and that the
crazy fucker bounced about two feet up after he hit."

     "Damn."

     "I'm gonna try to get this son of a bitch to jump."  Rob cupped his hands
over his mouth.  "Hey!  You stupid fuck on the ledge!  Fuck you!  I hope you
jump and splatter all over the fucking street!  You're a loser!"

     "Dude!" yelled Gray.  "I bet you're a fucking pussy and won't jump!  You
just want some damn attention so everyone will feel sorry for your dumb ass.
Fuck you!"

     "Hey," said Rob.  "Look, here he comes."

     "Fuck," said Gray.  "He's comin' down fast.  And close, too.  I wonder
where he's gonna..."

     Rob closed his eyes and heard a thud.  He opened them slowly.  The jumper
had landed on Gray, and the two lay there, broken and bleeding.  People began
to crowd around.

     "Son of a bitch," Rob said.  "I didn't see the fucker bounce."

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "It was a dark and stormy night.  Mostly this was because it was dark, and
there was a storm outside.  But anyway, Jake was dead, there was oatmeal all
around his body, and something was up.  I grabbed my apple and headed for
Nevada, but you know how it goes and all..."

								       -- R.B.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ERRAND TO RUN
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

     It was eight o' clock and already dark as I left the house.  Damned 
daylight savings, I thought.  In a rush to get to the library and print out my
latest hurried write-it-once-and-turn-it-in essay, I cranked the pedals and 
shot off into the quiet, calm, and leafy night.
  
     As I was concentrating on my misaligned wheels, I almost missed the figure
in the street ahead of me.  It shocked me somewhat, as I assumed no one ever 
went outside anymore, knowing how unsafe the streets were. 

     The figure was a kid in a white jacket, carrying a long spearlike stick 
as a sort of cane.  As I passed him, I peered into his face and he looked back
with a self-protective bitterly indifferent scowl and swung the stick 
apathetically at me.  It sent my empathetic responses going, as I had nothing 
better to do while biking to the library.  I thought about the kid.  As I had 
never seen him around anywhere before, it seemed to me like he could have been
running away from home.  And what if?

     It's strange how sometimes things you make up can make you more responsive
to some issues you never would have come across in real life.  I mean, my 
neighborhood is really white-bread with a lot of old people in it.  Seeing 
someone who might be momentarily homeless or at least disgruntled enough with 
his parents to leave home affected me.  I've never come across anything like it
before.

     I started thinking about where the kid was going.  He was heading down 
the dead end of the road where a forest was.  Unless he lived down there, as I
felt sure he didn't, he didn't know where he was going.  I imagined him walking
down, coming across the forest, and deciding to veer left, through an old field
leading to the nearby farm road.  That would be an interesting path to take.  I
had once gone up the road, seeing only a few scattered houses around -- a 
completely foreign place to me -- yet only half a mile away.  Since it had been
all uphill, I gave up, turned around, and coasted back home.

     But that road I gave up on would be where the boy would be heading for 
miles and miles until he found another hick town to wander through.  In 
between, though, where would he get food and water?  Were there enough kind 
people still existing today?

     I looked back, expecting to see the guy still walking towards the dead 
end, but he was gone.  Shit!  I thought -- he had turned off too early and 
would totally miss the farm road!  He'd probably get disoriented later and end
up walking back through town... but I felt it didn't really matter to me, so I
continued forward.

     After a little thought, however, I realized it would be a big mistake for
him to miss the experience of seeing that road, as I harbored such fond 
memories of it.  I turned around and raced down the street, looking up each 
side street and not seeing the boy on any of them.  Pretty quick he is, I 
thought, making my way back.  I took the road next to the field he should have
gone through and looked some more.  Little scamp, I thought, he was probably 
scared of me.  I do look kind of mean sometimes.  So, I circled the blocks a 
few times and saw him nowhere.  About to continue reluctantly on my trek to the
library, I saw him on the other end of the road.  He apparently noticed me 
because he started going faster, you know, little wimpy "fast-walking," where
they think they look all calm but they're moving faster than a cat with 
fireworks up his ass.  Little bastard was hiding from me! 

     "Hey! You!" I yelled at him, but he was apparently too fast for the sound
waves to reach him.  I did some quick calculations in my head and figured where
I could catch up with him a ways up the street.  I pedaled mightily up the 
road, almost losing balance when I had to turn.  I went by all the houses that
I knew had boys in them to make sure no one else would try to run away, and 
almost lost in my concentration, turned again on the street ahead of the kid.

     I stood still behind a mailbox and waited for the kid -- really stupid, 
he was still looking behind him -- to get halfway up the block to lessen his 
chances.  When he got there, he was walking normally again, lucky for me 
because he wouldn't have any excess energy ready to use.

     "HEY! YOU!" I screamed, racing out from my hiding place and approaching 
the kid.  He literally jumped and dropped his spear-cane.  He fumbled around 
momentarily to pick it up then started running in the opposite direction, soon
finding he couldn't run too fast with a screwed-up center of gravity and leaves
all over the streets.  I went to work, shifting gears with my practiced 
accuracy timed to obtain the best acceleration.

     "HEY! YOU!" I screamed coming upon him as my tire, spinning in the crack 
of his ass, dragged him down enough to make him lose his balance.  He slipped 
and the spear impaled his leg, forcing me to run him over.  I clutched my 
brakes when my rear tire went over his head so that I skidded and pulled his 
hair out in patches.

     When I went back over him, the damned spear caught my tire and almost 
made me fall down.  Luckily, I kept my balance.  A car was coming, so I turned
around, remembering my errand at the library. 

     After I had gone up a few blocks, I heard the horrible sound of a horn 
blowing and brakes screeching simultaneously.  I looked back and in horror 
saw that the car had run the boy over.  I realized sadly that my little fable 
of the boy traveling west into new frontiers would go unachieved.  Like I said,
it shocked me; the world isn't safe anymore.  I headed for the library.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     "Big Bird sat in the corner of the only alley on the set smoking a joint."
					  
							       -- Technophiliac

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     GRiMACE
     by Griphon

     You've all seen him.  The big purple blob that's Ronald McDonald's best
friend.  The original purple blob, not that fucked up singing dinosaur.  The
original.  Grimace.  I had my first encounter with Grimace when I was eight.
My first McDonald's birthday party.  He was there "on behalf of Ronald, who
couldn't be here himself."  He gave me a plastic hand puppet of Ronald.  Stupid
blob.

     My brother followed.  His eighth birthday was held at McDonald's.  I was
nineteen and probably getting laid at the time.  I had forgotten all about
Grimace.  Until that night.

     "Charlie?"  My little brother came into my room. 

     "What, Danny?"

     "Did you have a party at McDonald's?  You know, when you were eight?"

     "Umm, yeah, I guess so.  I don't really remember."

     "Did you get one of these?" he asked, showing me a plastic hand puppet.
But it wasn't of Ronald.  It was of Grimace.

     That wasn't all that wierd.  I guess those guys in Demographics and 
Marketing thought the recent purple blob mania should be tapped upon.  I should
have been worried, though.  Danny might still be alive if I'd have cared.  I
didn't.

				   * * * * *

     I graduated from college three years later.  I holed myself up in a small
apartment and played Lennon while pounding out manuscripts on a 1946 Corola
typewriter.  I lived on cigarettes and cognac.  It was April when my mom 
called.

     "Charlie??"  The voice was quivering.  A knot swelled up in my throat.

     "What is it, Mom?"

     "Danny... Danny's... been... run over."

     "What?!"

     "A garbage man hit him.  He's... barely recognizable.  They had to... had
to scrape his guts off of the street."  She began to sob.

     "How?  Why?  What happened?"

     "Him and his friend's went to McDonald's.  As they were coming home,
Danny just walked in front of the truck."

				   * * * * *

     I went home for a week.  The funeral held and Danny was laid to rest.  I
stayed in his room that night.  That's when I discovered the truth.

     Danny was twelve, but he wasn't normal.  Instead of having comic book
posters, exploited chick posters, or pro-bong posters, he had Grimace.  Grimace
coloring books, Happy Meal toys, hand puppets, empty cookie boxes, pictures,
everything.  He even had bed sheets of Ronald and the gang, but everyone--the
Hamburglar, Birdee, even Ronald himself--had been marked out with purple ink.
My mother came in.

     "At first, I thought he was going through a phase, but then..."  She
grabbed a picture of Grimace and wadded it up.  "It's not like he was into 
drugs.  This... this is harmless."

     "Neurosis is never harmless," I said.

     I got up to go to the kitchen.  Someone was in there.  It was Peter,
Danny's best friend.  He turned to look at me.

     "Danny wanted to be buried in his Grimace pajamas.  We wanted Danny to be
buried in his Grimace pajamas."

     "Why?  What's Grimace?  Peter, you're twelve.  He's a fat, fucking blob of
purple shit.  What the hell is Grimace?"

     "Grimace is holy."  Peter's eyes grew wide.  His skin tightened against
his face, and his body began to shake.

     "What's going on here?"  It was my mom.  She came up beside us.  "Peter,
why are you here?"

     "Sacrilege!" Peter screamed.  He pulled out a switchblade and slashed my
mother's throat.  Blood welled up in her mouth and spilled thickly down onto
her blouse.  She crumpled up in a pile on the floor.

     "What the fuck!" I yelled.  Peter laughed at me, but I jumped back.  He
cut my arm.  I swung and hit the little bastard on the side of the head.  He
grabbed his face and began to cry.  I kicked the shit out of him.  The cops
came and arrested him.  I wanted to leave.

     "You need to come down and answer a few questions for us, son," the
officer told me.

     "No, I have to leave."

     "Where to, boy?"

     "McDonald's."

				   * * * * *

     It was one o'clock in the morning.  The manager was wiping off tables.  He
was a thin man, probably worth little more than to wipe off tables.

     "We're closed," he said as I walked in.

     "Where is Grimace?"

     "What?"

     "Grimace, the purple blob.  Grimace.  Grimace!"

     "Uhh, he left."  The manager began to turn pale.  So was I.  I was weak
from the blood loss, and I guess cigarettes and whiskey don't help you to be
able to run much.

     I grabbed the manager by the throat.  He screamed.  I turned around and
saw Grimace lumbering towards me.

     "Why do you want Grimace?" it said.

     "You killed my brother," I sneered.  I ran and threw my fist into his
purple blob gut.  It sank in.  Grimace began to laugh.

     "Duh, you can't hurt Grimace."  He grabbed me and began to smother me in
his purple blob body.  I blacked out.

     When I came to, I saw Grimace, or a man dressed up as Grimace, lying on
the ground, bullet holes riddling his body.

     "Drink this," a voice said.  I looked up.  A man dressed in a black
overcoat and sunglasses handed me the ORANGE drink served at McDonald's.

     "Why?" I asked.

     "Trust me," he said.

			      TO BE CONTiNUED...

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
--SoB-                                                                   -SoB--
--SoB-  That's all for this issue.  Comments, criticisms, submissions?   -SoB--
--SoB-  Send mail to Kilgore Trout on The Sprawl at (512) 458-3409 or    -SoB--
--SoB-  any other board in the Austin (512) area.  And if you actually   -SoB--
--SoB-  get in touch with ole Kilgore, we'll send you a free goat's      -SoB--
--SoB-  bladder.  Okay, maybe not.  It depends on our karma.  Until the  -SoB--
--SoB-  next time...                                                     -SoB--
--SoB-                                                                   -SoB--
--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
  
