
 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what                 1/25/94                tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in               THiR-TEEN              ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                            CONTENTS OF THiS iSSUE
                           =----------------------=

EDiTORiAL                                                         Kilgore Trout

STAFF LiSTiNGS


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


NOTES FROM THE UNDERGROUND: "Biology Conspiracy History"            Bobbi Sands

'JAMES CONNOLLY':  ANNOTATED LYRiCS                           Captain Moonlight

WHAT THE HELL?!                                                      TOkemASTer

BLOOD ON THE STREETS: EVERYMAN'S 
GUiDE TO GUERRiLLA WARFARE (Part I)                           Captain Moonlight

FRAGMENTS FROM THE GOSPEL OF MATTHiAS                          Nemo est Sanctus

GEORGE BUSH -- HiS LiFE AND CRiMES, PART ONE:  iN THE BEGiNNiNG       Clockwork


                               [=- POETRiE -=]
    
ALONE                                                                  Paradigm

TEMPTATiON                                                           Ivy Carson

iNNOCENCE                                                       Sir Lizard Guts


                               [=- FiCTiON -=]

THE GOBLiN'S TOWER -- A PARABLE                    Dark Crystal Sphere Floating 
                                                          Between Two Universes

ViCTOR GOES TO THE OFFiCE                            I Wish My Name Were Nathan



--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout

     This month marks the one year anniversary of our little e-zine.  It seems
like only yesterday Griphon and Clockwork were handing me their first 
submissions.  Of course, even THAT came out a month later then planned.  But
who cares about the past?  Who cares that I made met some very interesting
people, found some good writers, hoped that Dr. Graves would become the
spokesperson of our generation... who cares about these things?  Not I.  We
shouldn't dwell in the past, we should forge ahead.  And so we shall.

     Naturally, I didn't get any ideas for a new header, so we're stuck with
the old one for the time being.  But we're going to move forward.  We shall
make progress.  Sure, the zine has the same look and feel.  But it's also
different than before.  We rearranged the words so it wasn't like the last
one.  Yes, we are ready to try things anew.  

     Enough of the biting sarcasm, I can see this is going nowhere fast.
Actually, this issue is very different than most of those in the past, and as
you will see, most of the zine resides in a political area of discussion.  I'm
not sure if this is a new direction the zine will be taking--it all depends on
what you out there send me.  We're finally going to start making you learn
because the current education system just isn't up to par.  Okay, so we're not
grade A teachers either.  But at least we're free.  And you don't have to go
buy a dense book we wrote just so we could make money by selling it to our
classes.  And maybe you'll find us interesting.  Want to learn about the
Irish revolutionary James Connolly?  You've come to the right place.  Want to
learn about our old buddy George Herbert Walker Bush (anagram:  Huge Berserk 
Rebel Warthog)?  We've got the info for you in a continuing series by 
Clockwork.  Want to know about things you're not supposed to know?  Read "Notes 
from the Underground," a new series with various authors writing to tell you 
exactly what THEY don't want you to know.  Ever wanted to be a guerrilla in 
the jungles or even in your own backyard?  Damn, we're smooth.  This wealth of 
knowledge, obscure and usually hard to find, has now been collected for you.  And we'll continue to do so until you shoot
us dead or something of the equivalent.  

     But never fear, fellow readers, for just because we've suddenly grown all
education doesn't mean we want to neglect those who like the literary aspects
of this magazine as well.  Although not as big as it usually is, the fiction
section does contain two very good pieces.  As for the poetrie, I had some
people complain that there was just too much of that "mindless dribble" and
even though it was an honor to read our innermost thoughts, it should be cut.
In honor of their requests, we have cut the number of poems down to three.  Of
course, one of them is 10k long, but we tried to do as much as we could to be
compassionate to the needs of our readers.

     Two little logistical notes and then I'll shut up.  Hagbard's coming up
with an SoB WWW page in about a week, but we are still unsure of the address,
so we'll post a little readme or something in the ftp directory to let you
know when that comes up.  We'll see if we can't make some nifty little goodies
that you wouldn't be able to find anywhere else.  Also, The Lost Issue *will*
be coming out next month, regardless of whether or not it is totally
reconstructed.  I feel it's time to get it off of our shoulders and stop
worrying about it.  It's about a third of it's original size (40k) at the
present moment, but come the end of February if that's all we've got, that's
all we've got.  Still, the articles are very enlightening...

     And that's all I really have to say.  To the people who send Hagbard
nasty hate mail when SoB isn't in the io.com directory, stop.  Send it to me.
I'll field your questions, comments.  I might even tell your fortune.  And
you might get your own personal Kilgore Hate Mail (tm) if you are extremely
rude or I'm just pissy.  How's that for an ending?

     I'll work on it for next issue.  Promise.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                                STAFF LiSTiNG
                              
                                   EDITOR
                                Kilgore Trout

                                CONTRIBUTORS
                                 Bobbi Sands
                              Captain Moonlight
                                 Ivy Carson
                                  Clockwork
              Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes
                         I Wish My Name Were Nathan
                              Nemo est Sanctus
                                  Paradigm
                               Sir Lizard Guts
                                 TOkemASTer


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     NOTES FROM THE UNDERGROUND 
     "Biology Conspiracy History"
     by Bobbi Sands

               We have a new type of rule now.  Not one-man rule, or 
          rule  of  aristocracy or plutocracy, but of  small  groups 
          elevated   to  positions  of  absolute  power  by   random 
          pressures,  and subject to political and economic  factors 
          that   leave   little  room  for   decision.    They   are 
          representatives of abstract forces who have reached  power 
          through surrender of self.  The iron-willed dictator is  a 
          thing of the past.  There will be no more Stalins, no more
          Hitlers.   The rulers of this most insecure of all  worlds 
          are  rulers by accident, inept, frightened pilots  at  the           
          controls of a vast machine they cannot understand, calling 
          in experts to tell them which buttons to push.
                                  -- William S. Burroughs, Interzone

     In today's multicultural classroom many glosses -- ways of perceiving -- 
are used in the study of history.  The feminist reading of history has been 
popularized by women coming to the fore of academia.  Minority views of 
history have gained popularity as more is discovered of formerly lost 
cultures.  The Marxist gloss has had a great impact on the modern world.  One 
view, however, has been largely ignored:  the conspiratorial view of history.

     The conspiratorial view essentially holds that a number of people have 
had some measure of control over the events of human history.  This is opposed 
primarily by the accidental view of history, which holds that history is the 
work of random forces and elements.  This latter is the view taught in schools 
across the country and around the world, although the conspiratorial view has 
some proponents.

     The major objections to the conspiratorial model stem from the belief 
that no person or people could control all the aspects of history.  Objectors 
claim that a conspiracy would be rapidly exposed, that insufficient power 
could be brought to bear, or simply that such a conspiracy could never be 
established.  They hold that all events are the result of blind forces because 
no man could guide all the forces that would be necessary.

     Let us take a step back now, and look at biology, where it is argued all 
political structures essentially originated.  What is the primary interest of 
any biological organism?  To survive.  Some hold that this is a temporary 
drive and that they survive only for the purposes of reproduction.  Either 
way, as long as it perceives of itself as a viable organism, the primary 
purpose of any creature is to survive.

     This can be extended to all aspects of reality.  The primary purpose of a 
corporation is to continue to exist as a viable corporation; the primary 
intent of any religion is to continue to exist as a viable religion; and the 
primary intent of any government or State, for all its rhetoric, is to 
continue to exist.  Anything in power plans to remain in power, and generally 
things out of power intend to come into power.

     What is the second intent of any biological organism?  To reproduce or to
expand.  To take more land, or feeding grounds, or power.  This too holds for
States.  Any government, once the government takes power, intends to take as 
much power as possible.  If it cannot conquer externally it will conquer 
internally, by taking power from its people.  Likewise, this principle holds 
true for entities within the power structure, viz. the Republican and 
Democratic parties who have used their positions as rulers to insure their 
positions as rulers.

     Although it generally implies an evil or illegal act, in the strictest 
sense, the term conspiracy can be applied to any group that organizes -- i.e. 
"conspires" -- to gain or keep power.  By this definition, it is naive to deny 
that conspiracies exist, as it applies to even political parties and existent 
governments.  The implication of immorality should not be ignored, though, as 
in a free nation the government exists to serve the people at the will of the 
people.  This "conspiracy" (simple organization to hold power) then becomes 
conspiracy (an illegal or immoral example of the same) whenever this 
organization becomes more important than the will of the people in the 
perception of the conspiring group.

     (Many of these groups no doubt believe that, in the "big picture", their 
actions are in no way immoral, as their chief motive is the betterment of 
mankind.  This distinction is peripheral, though, to the object of this 
discussion, as if they have become a group conspiring to hold power then their 
chief motive has in the short term eclipsed their chief motive in the long 
term.)

     Once a conspiracy has been accepted, the next objection one meets in 
presenting the conspiratorial view of history is, "But that's not what I 
meant; you are talking about a conspiracy that holds all power."  Does this 
gloss imply an omnipotent entity?  For some, no doubt, this is true.  To 
accept an omnipotent conspiracy, though, would be a meaningless decision, as 
this omnipotent conspiracy first, being all powerful, already has all power 
and cannot have it wrested from them.  Second, this person must accept that 
they are too controlled by this omnipotence -- or may be -- and therefore only 
believes what this conspiracy wants them to believe.  Conceivably, this is 
true.  It is, however, not a useful historical gloss.

     Now it becomes a concept of degree, and when this gloss is presented it 
becomes a bartering game where the presenter grants less power and the viewer 
grants more power until a believable conspiracy is reached.  For example, the 
"government conspiracy" (e.g., in early 20th century Russia, the "conspiracy" 
of Tsar Nicholas) has the power to write the laws and to order their 
enforcement.  This is generally not thought of as a conspiracy, though, as 
they have the power.  Compare the "revolutionary conspiracy" (e.g., in early 
20th century Russia, the conspiracy of Lenin and his comrades to overthrow the 
Tsar).  This group clearly did not have such powers, yet is generally accepted 
as a conspiracy.  Obviously, conspiracies exist, and obviously, they have a 
variety of potencies.

     What, though, is the potency in the modern world?  The "conspiracy" that 
guides history -- and this conspiracy can be used with or without quotes, as 
legality becomes meaningless in the scope of history -- need not have a large 
amount of power given sufficient time, but must have a fair amount of power to 
guide history.  But here we return again to history.

     The conspiratorial model of history does not necessitate that one
conspiracy has guided all history.  Far from it.  Rather, the conspiratorial 
model of history holds that history has been guided by a number of 
conspiracies as time has progressed.  The amount of time is unnecessary; 
perhaps the first six cavemen were controlled by a cabal of three, or a 
chieftain, or perhaps "the conspiracy" formed yesterday, as indeed probably 
many conspiracies do form frequently.  The number of conspiracies is likewise 
superfluous.  Possibly one, possibly infinite, the concept of the 
conspiratorial view of history does not exclude either, though logic and 
history does refine the concept to a few important groups and a period of time 
not less than a couple of hundred years.

     This, though, is misleading, as it restricts itself to knowing 
conspiracies.  There is a vital form that is generally ignored even by 
conspiratorial historians.  Indeed, especially by conspiratorial historians, 
as they tend to have a pet conspiracy of their own.  This frequently forgotten 
concept is the conspiracy of the system.  As we -- humans -- as evolved from a 
biologic base, so too are our politics evolved from a biologic base.  Our 
sociology reflects biology.

     How does biology effect the conspiracy of the system?  We must first 
accept that society is organic.  Society is not organic, of course, insofar as 
being carbon based or living in any biological sense of the word, but society 
is -- all societies are -- organic insofar as society acts in a way similar to 
organisms.  Society, too, tries to keep and hold power.  Why it does this is 
an irrelevant question.  Society does not have a centralized mind, but it may 
be viewed as that the people who are in a society want to preserve this 
society -- mankind is generally reactionary -- and so their actions preserve 
the system.  Either way, the system "acts" to preserve and expend its own 
existence.

     This alone is almost another model of history, and as so seems misplaced 
in the current discourse.  This is not so, as the organic model of society -- 
and hence of history -- merges with the conspiratorial model of history -- and 
hence of society -- into one form, among others.  In this, the various 
"conspiracies" of society are no more knowledgeable of their meanings than the 
system is itself.  When certain patterns are set up, knowingly or unknowingly, 
by people, other people will act in a predictable manner.  For example, when 
the pattern has been set up -- by human actions such as the industrial 
revolution and modern education -- to foster a drive for profit as an end goal 
and a separation of families and communities, people will in general act to 
gain for themselves, even at the expense of those whom they would "naturally" 
protect.  So too is there no need for a controlling conspiracy; a conspiracy 
of the system will enable "control" through causing certain Pavlovian 
reactions, and control by those who know and can exploit -- or even cause -- 
these controlling system conditions.

     And so again:  What is the potency of this conspiracy or these 
conspiracies in the modern world?  For obvious reasons, only the potential 
potency will be discussed.  Potentially, there could be much centralized yet 
concealed power in this world.  First, one would have to examine the 
concealment.  To enable concealment in this world, one would simply have to 
control various media.  A typical objection to the conspiratorial model of 
history, as has been discussed, is that it would be impossible to conceal.  
This, in the most extreme case, is true.  Some would find out, and some that
find out would not be able to be let into the conspiracy.  Those who are in
the organization would have to be numerically small and leaks would have to be 
avoided or eliminated.  As Franklin said, "Three men can keep a secret, if two 
of them are dead."  These leaks would have to avoided, but only another 
conspiracy would be a danger to an exposed conspiracy, as a general rule.  For 
example, a government is a danger to a terrorist group.  A government 
"conspiring" to hold power is endangered from another group "conspiring" to 
take it.  An individual, though, could cause little or no damage to a 
conspiracy, and most individuals would seem to be indifferent.

     This is only one aspect, however, of the concealment.  Aside from 
avoidance and elimination of the flow of information (and, one would assume, 
disinformation), much is to be said for the concept of avoiding people looking 
in the first place.  Whether there is or is not some measure of conspiracy 
that intends to remain hidden, it is obvious that most people do not, for one 
reason or another, believe in such.  This would work for this alleged 
conspiracy.  Our schools teach that history is the work or impersonal forces, 
and this slant is increasing in newer texts that downplay heroism and heroes.  
If people have never heard a concept, they are unlikely to come to believe it.  
If a whole society has never been exposed to a concept, those who think of it 
are branded madmen.

     This, then, represents an odd symbiosis.  Power exerted over media and 
education develops into power derived from media and education.  Any 
conspiracy would then be advised to be prevalent in media and education if 
they were capable.

     Of course, though, no one could ever tell how far conspiracies or a 
conspiracy spread unless they had access to documents from all these 
conspiracies.  It would be naive to believe in omnipotence in conspiracy, and 
this model expects conspiracies to rise and fall just as traditional models 
expect civilizations to.  Power in concealed groups are hard to estimate even 
under the best of conditions.  The only point addressed here is how much is 
conceivable, and this is tremendous.  Under the best conspiratorial 
circumstances -- i.e. assuming control of some degree of the media either 
through hierarchy, infiltration, economic censorship, or information flow 
control and some degree of control over the educational system such as 
beneficial patterns of belief in teachers and especially those who teach the 
teachers -- and if sufficient time is allotted, much power could be amassed in 
the hands of a few.  The members would have to be patient, but it could be 
accomplished.

     So, clearly a conspiratorial view of history is a possibility.  It is 
beyond the scope of this paper to present arguments for or against such a 
model, and indeed history is generally never purely one model, but it has been 
established that such a model is possible.  To answer the previously presented 
objections (paragraph 3):  "No one can control all aspects of history":  
Probably not, but the model encourages looking for those cases where some 
aspects of history were controlled, and those who control the flow of history 
can influence much more than they control directly.  "A conspiracy would be 
rapidly exposed":  Secret groups have existed.  Of this there is no doubt.  
Obviously, those we know of have been exposed.  It is conceivable that a group 
that was disciplined could avoid exposure, especially provided they had some 
measure of media control and no one was looking for them.  "No conspiracy 
could be established":  Some conspiracies have been established.  Conditions
today are not so different from the past as to indicate that if a secret or
semi-secret could, in the past, have come about that they could not now.

     Therefore, a conspiratorial gloss is a possible gloss.  It is, again, not 
within the scope of this paper to "prove" this gloss, or even to prove that 
this is the best gloss.  Rather, this has shown that it is a gloss among many, 
and one that should not be ignored.  In the future, it would be advisable not 
to simply ignore such a claim.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


     If you strike at, imprison or kill us,
     Out of our prisons or graves,
     We will still evoke a spirit that will thwart you,
     And, mayhap, raise a force that will destroy you.
     We defy you!  Do your worst.

                                              -- James Connolly, December 1914


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     'JAMES CONNOLLY' [1]: ANNOTATED LYRiCS
     by Larry Kirwan (of Black '47), annotated by Captain Moonlight

     The Irish Rising of 1916 is a theme which has shown itself very often in
the annals of literature.  W. B. Yeats praised the Rising in several of his
poems; Lord Dunsany talked of his part of fighting for the British forces in
his autobiography; H. P. Lovecraft spoke out against the Rising leaders in his
now-famous published letters, calling them "the slippery sons of Saint Pat-
rick" and their American supporters "migrated Micks" (_Selected Letters_,
Volume I, pg. 23; letter of 6/4/16 to Reinhardt Kleiner).  Indeed, the famous
novelist James Joyce (author of _A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man_,
_Ulysses_, and _Finnegan's Wake_, among others) fought as a private in the
Irish Citizen Army during the Rising.  However, no matter what is said about
the rebels (and, indeed, Dunsany spoke very nobly of the rebels, though he
fought against them) these men fought for what they deemed right and just.
Now, the Rising has been mentioned in many of the new Celtic revival Irish
music groups, such as the Cranberries' song "Zombie", as well as songs by the
Irish-American group Black '47.  However, since most people have not had the
exposure to Irish history (dang public schools), I have here compiled an
annotated edition of the text to Black '47's excellent and moving song "James
Connolly".  I have not received Kirwan's permission to do this, but I believe
he would not object, and therefore here humbly present to the public my
attempt at making this song more enjoyable to American audiences.

                              James Connolly

     Marchin' down O'Connell Street [2] with the Starry Plough [3] on high
     There goes the Citizen Army [4] with their fists raised in the sky
     Leading them is a mighty man with a mad rage in his eye
     "My name is James Connolly, I didn't come here to die . . .

     "But to fight for the rights of the working man
     And the small farmer too
     To protect the proletariat from the bosses and their screws
     So hold on to your rifles, boys, don't give up your dream
     Of a Republic for the workin' class and economic liberty"

     Then Jem yells out "Oh Citizens, this system is a curse
     An English boss is a monster, An Irish one even worse
     They'll never lock us out again [5], and here's the reason why
     "My name is James Connolly, I didn't come here to die . . .

     And now we're in the GPO [6] with the bullets wizzin' by
     With Pearse [7] and Sean McDermott [8] biddin' each other goodbye
     Up steps our Citizen Leader and he roars out to the sky
     "My name is James Connolly, I didn't come here to die . . .

     "Oh Lillie [9], I don't want to die, we've got so much to live for
     And I know we're all goin' out to get slaughtered [10], but I just can't
          take any more
     Just the sight of one more child screamin' from hunger in a Dublin slum
     Or his mother slavin' fourteen hours a day for the scum
     Who exploit her and take her youth and throw it on a factory floor
     Oh Lillie, I just can't take any more

     "They've locked us out, they've banned our unions [11], they even treat
          their animals better than us
     No! It's far better to die like a man on your feet than to live forever
          like some slave on your knees, Lillie

     "But don't let them wrap any green flag around me
     And for God's sake, don't let them bury me in some field full of
          harps and shamrocks [12]
     And whatever you do, don't let them make a martyr out of me
     No! Rather raise the Starry Plough on high and 
          sing a song of Freedom
     Here's to you, Lillie, the Rights of Man and International Revolution"

     We fought them to a standstill while the flames lit up the sky
     'Til a bullet pierced our leader and we gave up the fight [13]
     They shot him in Kilmainham Jail [14] but they'll never stop his cry
     "My name is James Connolly, I didn't come here to die . . .

______________________________________________________________________________

NOTES:

 1.  James Connolly was born in an Edinburgh slum to Irish immigrant parents,
     and, after becoming involved with the Socialist movement in Scotland,
     moved to Ireland and worked with James Larkin to further Irish Socialism.
     Connolly did much work to further the cause of Republican Socialism in
     not only Ireland, but also the U.S. (where he spent about ten years with
     labour organizers) and Britain.  One day Connolly found himself kidnaped
     by P. H. Pearse (see note #7) and Sean McDermott (see note #8), two major
     leaders of both the Irish Republican Brotherhood and the Irish Volun-
     teers.  Together with other leaders of the Volunteers and Irish Citizen
     Army (see note #4) they planned the Easter Rising, which took place
     Easter Week of 1916, and inspired the nation to fight the Black and Tan
     War, the Irish War of Independence.  The Rising lasted for six days, at
     that time longer than any other since Wolfe Tone's Uprising in 1798.  The
     Rising was praised by such people as the poet W. B. Yeats (who knew the
     Rising leaders personally), Vladimir I. Lenin, Leon Trotsky, and Presi-
     dent Woodrow Wilson, and such people as George Bernard Shaw fought for
     the release of the Rising leaders.  The Irish Volunteers would later
     become the Irish Republican Army.

 2.  O'Connell Street.  Rebel HQ were located on O'Connell Street, which was
     the first area of Dublin seized during the Rising.  At the time the
     street was actually named Sackville Street, later being renamed, probably
     after the nineteenth-century rebel Daniel O'Connell.

 3.  "Starry Plough."  The Starry Plough is an Irish Socialist flag, a Plough
      of Stars on a field of green.

 4.  "Citizen Army."  The Irish Citizen Army was founded by Connolly and James
     Larkin and fought with the Irish Volunteers (later the Irish Republican
     Army) during the Rising.  While a separate entity, the ICA often cooper-
     ated with the Irish Volunteers.

 5.  "They'll never lock us out again."  See note #11.

 6.  GPO.  The GPO was the General Post Office, which was an easily-defendable
     location on Sackville Street and was seized as the Rebel headquarters.
     It was held for several days before it was destroyed by fires caused by
     looters and artillery.

 7.  Patrick Henry Pearse was a poet, school teacher, founder of St. Enda's
     School for Boys, and the first President of the Republic of Ireland, as
     well as the only President to preside over the entire nation of Ireland,
     including Occupied Ireland (a.k.a. Northern Ireland).

 8.  Sean McDermott, or Sean MacDiarmada, was one of the major Rising planners
     and leaders.  McDermott was one of those who  kidnaped Connolly and
     informed him of the Rising, and, along with Connolly and Pearse, plays
     one of the three key roles in Kirwan's one  act  play "Blood."

 9.  Lillie Connolly, James Connolly's wife.

10.  Shortly before the Rising, according to William O'Brien in his  introduc-
     tion to Connolly's _Labour and Easter Week_,  as Connolly was leaving
     Liberty Hall, seat of the Irish Transport and General Workers' Union,
     Connolly said to O'Brien, "We are all going out to  be slaughtered," to
     which O'Brien replied, "Is there no chance of success?" The answer: "None
     whatever."

11.  "They've locked us out, they've banned our unions".  This is a reference
     to the Lock-Out of 1913.  During this time the Irish Transport and Gener-
     al Worker's Union, led by James Larkin, led a series of strikes to pro-
     test poor wages and working conditions.  The bosses, led by William
     Martin Murphy, retaliated by closing factories to union members.  British
     military men also took the place of dock workers who had been fired.
     This eventually left about one third of Dublin's population jobless and
     often-times homeless.  A series of baton charges was led by the Dublin
     Metropolitan Police after Larkin managed to illegally address a crowd
     outside the Murphy-owned Imperial Hotel, and two men were beaten to death
     by police, with another dying due to poor treatment in prison.  Robert
     Monteith, a British NCO who later joined the Irish Citizen Army and went
     to Germany to help Sir Roger Casement, had his fourteen-year-old step-
     daughter beaten into unconsciousness by a British policeman.  During this
     time James Connolly came down from Belfast where he was working for the
     Belfast branch of the ITGWU and, with Larkin, formed the Irish Citizen
     Army to protect the workers from the Dublin Police.  Though it dwindled
     in number after the Lock-Out, it usually kept a steady core of two-hun-
     dred strong until after the Easter Rising.  After the Lock-Out Larkin
     went to America to raise funds, becoming involved as Connolly had been
     earlier with the Socialist movement there, and spent almost a decade
     there.  He was not in Ireland during the Rising.

12.  "And for God's sake, don't let them bury me in some field full of harps
     and shamrocks".  Connolly got his wish.  The bodies of all those executed
     for the Rising (with the exception of Sir Roger Casement who was, in
     1965, finally given a hero's burial in Ireland) were destroyed in quick-
     lime.  The British Government wanted to destroy all memory of the Rising
     and destroyed the bodies so that they could not be given a funeral.

13.  "'Til a bullet pierced our leader and we gave up the fight."  During the
     Rising, while he was deploying troops behind the GPO, Connolly was hit in
     the leg by a sniper's bullet ricocheting off the pavement.  This wound
     shattered both his lower leg bones.  Being out of sight of both the
     troops he had just deployed and those in the GPO, he had to drag himself
     several yards to the front of the GPO before he was seen and could be
     given medical attention.  After the rebels were forced to evacuate the
     burning GPO, President Pearse decided to negotiate surrender "In order to
     prevent the further slaughter of Dublin citizens, and in the hope of
     saving the lives of our followers now surrounded and hopelessly outnum-
     bered".  He was forced to give an unconditional surrender.

14.  "They shot him in Kilmainham Jail."  As a result of the Rising sixteen
     men were executed: fourteen in Dublin, one in County Cork, and one in
     London.  Connolly himself was dying of gangrene as a result of his leg
     wound and could not stand or even sit up before the firing squad.  He was
     carried by stretcher into the yard of Kilmainham and tied upright in a
     chair to be executed.  The other rebels shot in Dublin were: Patrick
     Henry Pearse; Thomas J. Clarke, a major leader in the Irish Republican
     Brotherhood; the poet Thomas MacDonagh; the poet and strategist Joseph 
     Mary Plunkett; Edward "Ned" Daly; P. H. Pearse's brother William Pearse;
     Michael O'Hanrahan, quartermaster of the Irish Volunteers; Major Sean
     MacBride; Eamonn Kent; Michael Mallin, Connolly's second in command;
     Cornelius "Con" Colbert, Sean Heuston, and Sean McDermott.  Thomas Kent,
     Commandante of the Volunteers in County Cork, who had been on the run
     during the Rising, was cornered in his family's house by British soldiers
     who intended to arrest the entire family.  A gun battle lasting several
     hours ensued, during which Thomas and his three brothers fired at the
     British while their eighty-four-year-old mother reloaded.  The family
     surrendered when their ammo ran out (after the British had already
     brought in military reinforcements), but Thomas' brother Richard died of
     injuries incurred during the gun battle.  Thomas was executed for the
     death of Head Constable Rowe of the Irish Royal Constabulary, who was
     killed during the stand-off.  Sir Roger Casement, who had been caught
     after disembarking from a German U-boat, was tried for treason in London.
     In order to discredit him, the British Government released his "Black
     Diaries", which indicated that he was a homosexual.  If it had not been
     for this move, public opinion against the British because of their secret
     court martials in Dublin and Cork probably would have had him released.
     Of those executed, Sean MacBride and William Pearse were not even Rising
     leaders -- W. Pearse was executed because of his relationship with P. H.
     Pearse, and Sean MacBride, who had been going to a wedding when fighting
     broke out, was executed because he had had a long history of fighting
     against the British, even forming and Irish Brigade to fight against them
     during the Boer War in South Africa.  More than ninety other executions
     were ordered, including one against the Countess Constance Markievicz,
     subcommandant to Michael Mallin (deferred due to her sex), and Eamon de
     Valera, who would later become the head of the IRA (deferred due to his
     U.S. citizenship), but none of these were carried out.
______________________________________________________________________________

ALBUMS TO LISTEN TO:

Black '47.  _Fire of Freedom_.  SBK, D 101418, 1993.
      One of the albums from which "James Connolly" came.

BOOKS TO READ:

Connolly, James.  _Labour and Easter Week_.  Edited by Desmond Ryan; Introduc-
    tion by William O'Brien.  Dublin: At the Sign of the Three Candles, 1949.

de Rosa, Peter.  _Rebels: The Irish Rising of 1916_.  New York: Ballantine
    Books, 1992.
    ISBN 0-449-90682-5; LCCN 91-72955.

Hickey, D. J. and Doherty, J. E.  _A Dictionary of Irish History Since 1800_.
    Totowa, NJ: Gill and Macmillan, 1981.
    ISBN 0-389-20160-X.

Kirwan, Larry.  _Mad Angels: The Plays of Larry Kirwan_.  Mt. Vernon, NY: '47
    Books, 1993.
    ISBN 0-9639601-0-5.
    Pay especial attention to the play "Blood", about the days during which
    Connolly planned the Rising with Pearse and McDermott.

BOOKS TO LAUGH AT, MOCK, AND/OR BURN:

Marshall, Brig. Gen. S. L. A. (USAR, Ret.).  _The American Heritage History of
    World War I_.  New York, NY: Dell, 1967.
    Incredibly inaccurate as to the Easter Rising, this book, though devoting
    a section to the Rising (pgs. 226-227), does not even get Connolly's name
    right, calling him O'Connell.  The majority of the section is devoted to
    bashing Casement, even calling him the mastermind of the Rising.  (In
    fact, Casement did not even know of the Rising until very late in the
    venture, and he left Germany for Ireland with the intention of stopping
    the Rising or, if he were too late to stop it, to fight alongside his
    comrades in Ireland.)  What is not entirely inaccurate is often mislead-
    ing.  If Marshall is this inaccurate in the rest of this book, it is
    definitely a book to avoid.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"Better to die on your feet than to live on your knees."
                                               -- Spanish Revolutionary slogan


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     WHAT THE HELL?!
     by TOkemASTer
   
     I find myself constantly wondering where society as a whole went wrong.  
At one point or another, we all must ask ourselves this question.  I mean, 
look at us!  99% of all Americans are conformist pigs.  They want to drink a 
beer, sing the "Star Spangled Banner", and send their sons and daughters off 
to fight to preserve our un-freedom.  How is America "The Land of the Free" 
when the fucking pigs can force you to wear a seat belt when you're in *your* 
car, on roads *you* pay taxes for.  If you have a certain species of hemp on 
you (cannabis sativa), you can go to jail for life.  Now, if you were FORCiBLY 
making someone OTHER THAN yourself smoke it, you'd be screwed, but, what I 
can't see is:  If it's *my* body, why do *they* have jurisdiction over it?  Our 
government is out of control.  Society projects an image of what's "cool", and 
we're supposed to follow like lambs to the slaughterhouse.  Being "cool" is
nothing more than becoming the one "cool" image, therefore all becoming like 
one, also therefore repressing individuality.  Once individuality is gone, all 
forms of respect for anything but the system is shot to hell.  Well, I've got 
something to say!  "Fuck the system!"  Look at people remembered by us 
streetfreaks throughout history.  The people I respect are the people who stood 
out.  The people who broke the mold.  Most of them went to prison or court for 
what they believed, they the DiDN'T conform to society's expectations.
   
     And what pisses me off ROYALLY is that OLE UNCLE SAM, A.K.A. the U.S. 
FUCKiN' GOVERNMENT, wants me to join the Army and fight for a country that 
shits on me and rejects me for the way I dress.
   
   At age 18, you can't buy beer, but you can go to a foreign country and get 
slaughtered and be called a hero.

        Fuck 'em.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"The streets shall flow with the blood of the unbelievers."
                                                                  -- Butt-Head


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     BLOOD ON THE STREETS: EVERYMAN'S GUiDE TO GUERRiLLA WARFARE (Part I)
     by Captain Moonlight

     iNTRODUCTiON AND STATEMENT OF iNTENT

     "Don't use the color of my skin as an issue
     Hey politician, your lies are gonna get you
     Chickens comin' home to roost in the White House
     Blood on the streets if you don't shut your big mouth"
                             -- Larry Kirwan (of Black '47), "Fire of Freedom"

     This essay, which will stretch out in a series of sections throughout
several (I'm not yet sure exactly how many) issues of State of unBeing, is
borne out of the need for a text of this sort to the community in order that
it may end any tyrannies it perceives cast upon it by a government it believes
to be corrupt.  This text is designed to address the serious questions as to
tactics in a guerrilla war, and while it will discuss to some extent the
weapons of the guerrilla war, it is not designed as a text for terrorists, but
rather as a text for the serious guerrilla warrior and social reformer.  The
majority of the articles put forth in SoB thus far have dealt with *why*
revolution is necessary, now we shall go into *how* it can be brought about.

     It should remembered that this text is entirely based on theory, and that
the current author has had no experience in this warfare.  Also it cannot be
stressed enough that everything in a guerrilla war is variable, and that
nothing is constant to all regions.  Everything in this text must be adapted
by the guerrilla force as to the territory they are in.  Failure to adapt will
end only in the annihilation of the popular force.  No set guide can be writ-
ten for the guerrilla warrior for the reason that each experience and each
region will be different.  No-one can expect to be able to copy a revolution.
A fighter in the cities or suburbs of the United States or Canada, for in-
stance, cannot expect to rely on the tactics employed in the Cuban and Chinese
Revolutions.  In such a setting Che's _Guerrilla Warfare_, while containing
useful tips, proves obsolete.  A street-fighter such as this would rather look
to the ghetto fighters of the Resistance forces of the Second World War or the
tactics of the Irish Republican Army for an example as to how to fight.  A
rural fighter, however, would look to the Cuban and Chinese fighters for an
example as to tactics.  The revolutionary can copy ideas, but he cannot copy
situations, and thus he must be willing to adapt or he will die.  This work
was written with the intent that it would be adapted for use in all matter of
regions.

     Whoever uses this work, it is hoped it will be used for the good of man-
kind, as for this reason was it written.
_______________________________________________________________________________

     PART I: THE PHiLOSOPHY BEHiND GUERRiLLA WARFARE

     "Justice without force is powerless; force without justice is
tyrannical."
                                                               --Blaise Pascal

     First of all, I believe a few things should be said as to when guerrilla
warfare should be used in a society.  It should always be remembered that
warfare is always the absolute *last* resort when trying to achieve social
reform.  It cannot be stressed enough that one does not fling oneself into
combat unless there is no other alternative.  The system, no matter how cor-
rupt, should always be worked through *unless there is no other option*.  I
suggest reading Alinsky's _Rules for Radicals_ for information in this (see
the recommended reading section).  Guevara said, in his cornerstone work
_Guerrilla Warfare_, that whenever the system has any semblance of democracy,
the system must be worked through, no matter how corrupt.  While this is not
always entirely possible, it should always be remembered that a guerrilla
cannot win without enough public support to keep him from being turned in to
the authorities.  For instance, when he was leading his band "The Twelve
Apostles", the toughest hit-squad in the IRA, Michael Collins had a 10,000
pound (British) price on his head (1920's currency) after the first few hits,
as well as a 10,000 pound reward on the rest of the Squad.  However, due to
his popularity with the people, he was never turned in.  The guerrilla band
must have this much popularity with the people.

     It should always be remembered that guerrilla warfare, the first step in
an armed change in government, can only be fought with the full backing of the
people: anything else will lead to annihilation of the guerrilla force.  It
should always be remembered that guerrilla warfare brings down a great burden
on those of the area in which the war is being fought.  The guerrilla force
must remember that the regular army will bring sweeping retributions against
the area's populace for each act of defiance brought out by the guerrilla
forces.  An example of this is the recent legislation allowing searches with-
out reasonable cause or warrant in the Chicago Housing Authority's complexes,
despite public disapproval.  This legislation was followed by extensive
searches for weapons and drugs in these complexes.  While this was to stop
gang violence, guerrilla bands will obviously be acted against even more
severely.  The guerrilla warrior must always remember that he relies on this
public support to obtain his supplies, and to hide when the heat is put on by
the government troops.

     In order to keep the public support, the guerrilla band must keep the
true interests of the people at heart, and each guerrilla action must be
immediately followed by propaganda detailing the reason for that action.  The
best weapon of the propagandist is truth, and all propaganda must only contain
the truth, else the entire guerrilla force will be discredited.  The propagan-
dist, while not always a member of the fighting guerrilla force, must always
be as secretive as the guerrilla fighter.  The propagandist should deliver the
propaganda as anonymously as possible, for it should be remembered that the
authorities will arrest the propagandists if at all possible.  One good way to
get out the information with minimal risk to the propagandist is to send it to
whatever newspapers will print it.  The propaganda should probably be sent out
by giving stacks of the material to trusted people, to be passed on as a
chain, or to drop it off in stacks in public meeting places.  Great ingenuity
must be used to get out this information without the arrest of the propagan-
dist.

     Also in order to keep the public support the guerrilla band must be as
benign as possible towards the general populace.  If the guerrilla band ever
turns against the populace it becomes a bandit gang, and will be eradicated.
While the governmental forces will perform atrocities against the civilian
population, the guerrilla band must not perform any of these actions, and
rebel members of the guerrilla band who do perform these actions must be tried
and punished for their actions.  If such is not carried out, the guerrilla
band will lose its public support and thus lose the war.  The guerrilla fight-
er, as a social reformer, must also undertake non-military actions to benefit
the community.  These actions will gain the guerrilla valuable allies in the
civilian population which will help him immensely later on.  By performing
such actions he will also come into contact with others whom he can recruit to
the guerrilla force, thus spreading the movement.

     The guerrilla force must be non-dogmatical, meaning that it must work for
the good of the people at all times, without setting a specific code to which
all must adhere to.  The only set aim of a guerrilla band is to work for the
good of the people; all else can be compromised.  When fighting a revolution
each fighter must be willing to fight alongside those who do not believe the
exact same way as him, for if he tries to divide himself too much from others
with like goals, he stands no chance.  The guerrilla fighter must be willing
to work out his differences with other members of the guerrilla band off of
the battlefield, and to work for the common good, rather than for his own.  To
quote Benjamin Franklin's remark to John Hancock on Independence Day, 1776,
"We must all hang together, or, most assuredly, we shall all hang separately."
Differences within the fighting force can be settled in council or after the
conflict; in the heat of battle the revolutionaries must all act as brothers.

     When war is declared, niceties used in peace are often done away with.
The guerrilla force must unfortunately take part in some desperate actions
which, in peace-time, would be unheard-of.  Due to the inability of the guer-
rilla band to hold prisoners, executions for crimes which would normally not
be considered major offenses must be carried out.  These executions are not
carried out as punishment, but for the mere reason that the offenders cannot
be left on the streets.  Another means of this to avoid execution would be
knee-capping, as performed by the Irish Republican Army in their role as
police officers in their territories.  In kneecapping, the offender is asked
to drop his pants, in order that no fabric-fibres may get caught in the wound,
thus losing the leg, and then a bullet is shot behind the kneecap.  While
extremely painful, the offender regains use of the leg if proper medical
attention is obtained.  Enemy soldiers, however, must always be treated with
respect by the insurgent army.  Torture and needless killing do not fit into
the guerrilla's protocol of reform.  Such brutality is what the guerrilla must
fight against.

     Each time the guerrilla band takes part in these, however it should be
remembered that the public opinion will turn against them: a risk the guerril-
la band must avoid.  Applications of force are used *only* when they are
*absolutely necessary*, and indiscriminate violence can *never* be used on the
population.  As stated earlier, the guerrilla fighter is not a terrorist.
Still, these acts of force, when absolutely necessary, must be carried out
without reservation.  *Carefully consider each act before it is done, but once
a decision is made, carry it out all the way.*  There is no middle-of-the-road
for a guerrilla warrior.

     The guerrilla warrior must remember that he will not win without a polit-
ical ideology.  As Chairman Mao said in _On Guerrilla Warfare_, "Without a
political goal, guerrilla warfare must fail, as it must if its political
objectives do not coincide with the aspirations of the people and their sympa-
thy, cooperation, and assistance cannot be gained" (pg. 43).  Thus, the guer-
rilla band must have an ideology, and a highly popular one; one that appeals
and is just to the people.  Even the Zapatista National Liberation Army
(Ejercito Zapatista de Liberacion Nacional), a non-dogmatic army, was working
for democracy and help for the people.  This strong ideology should be spread
throughout the people with the propaganda mentioned above.  Che says in
_Guerrilla Warfare_ that captured soldiers, as they cannot be kept, should be
given a meal and a speech on the guerrillas' beliefs and then an offer to join
the insurgent army, and, if they choose not to join, be released.  That way,
the enemy army would at least know *why* they are being fought against.  Also,
this helps spread revolutionary ideals throughout the enemy army, making it an
easier target.  Deserting troops should always be encouraged to join the
guerrilla band, and then they must not be treated as outcasts, but as members
of the guerrilla family.  This also brings up the question of conscription.
Conscription is a tool of the oppressive army; it has no place in the guerril-
la band.  The guerrilla army is such that those forced into its service will
merely hinder it.  The guerrilla fighter must be willing to fight with all his
might and all his soul.  Courage is the ability to bring all of your love and
all of your hate and all of your just rage and all of your fear and draw power
from it, channeling it into a great explosive force, enabling you to perform
superhuman feats.  When a person is forced into this service, he cannot per-
form in this way.  A single person who truly is willing to fight and die for
the cause is worth ten conscripts.

     The two basic requirements to be a guerrilla soldier are:

     1.  A true love of the people; and

     2.  A willingness to turn all of one's feeling towards the cause.

Without these two requirements, one cannot be a guerrilla fighter.  It must
always be remembered that in wartime desperate measures must sometimes be
resorted to, and that when this occurs, these measures must not be flinched
from.  Thirdly, it must always be remembered that the guerrilla fighter must
have the people's true interest at heart, and their ideology must reflect
this.  A strong ideology is vital to the guerrilla movement, and this ideology
must always reflect the will and needs of the people: bread, work, and free-
dom.  Believe strongly in your cause and back yourself with actions, and
people will follow you.  Waver in your resolve or be a fool, and you shall die
with your movement.

_______________________________________________________________________________

FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO JUST CAN'T WAiT:

     Here's a partial bibliography and suggested reading for this work.  A
full bibliography will be contained in the final piece.

Alinsky, Saul D.  _Rules for Radicals: A Pragmatic Primer for Realistic Radi-
    cals_.  New York, NY: Vintage Books, 1972.
    ISBN: 0-394-71736-8; LCCN 70-117651.

    This work, while written during the Vietnam War, is still relevant today,
    and is of great use to the social reformer.  While not a text on guerrilla
    warfare, this book gives good insight as to the alternatives to guerrilla
    warfare, as well as how to organize people and how to look at various
    problems in working with people, and the ethics of your actions.  It is
    available in modern printing, and is available at most large new and used
    bookstores.  Pay special attention to the chapter "Of Means and Ends."

Guevara, Dr. Ernesto "Che".  _Guerrilla Warfare_.  Translated by J. P. Morray.
    Preface by I. F. Stone.  New York, NY: Vintage Books, 1961.

Another printing, with more notes:

Guevara, Dr. Ernesto "Che".  _Guerrilla Warfare_.  With an Introduction and
    Case Studies by Brian Loveman and Thomas M. D. Davies, Jr.  Lincoln, NB:
    University of Nebraska Press, 1985.

    This work is the standard work on guerrilla warfare in the country.  It is
    highly recommended; it is also extremely hard to find.

Mao Tse-Tung.  _Mao Tse-Tung on Guerrilla Warfare_.  Translated and with
    Introduction by Brigadier General Samuel B. Griffith, USMC (Ret.).  New
    York, NY: Praeger Publishers, 1961.

    This is one of the earliest, and most important, works on this subject.
    Keep your eyes out for it.  I found two copies in the public library of
    Cedar Park, a small town just outside of Austin, Texas.  Even if you're
    like me and don't agree with Mao's political methods, he was very skilled
    in guerrilla warfare.

Paret, Peter and Shy, John W.  _Guerrillas in the 1960's_.  New York, NY:
    Praeger, 1966.
    LCCN: 62-17978

    This work discusses the role of the guerrilla fighter, as well as basics
    of guerrilla tactics.  Unlike Che's work, and like this one, the authors
    were working entirely on theory, and this should be remembered when read-
    ing the piece.  Also, it is not written with the guerrilla, but rather
    with the anti-guerrilla in mind.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"There is something so massive, stable, and almost irresistibly imposing, in
the exterior presentment of established rank and great possessions, that their
very existence seems to give them a right to exist; at least, so excellent a
counterfeit of right, that few poor and humble men have moral force enough to
question it, even in their secret minds."
                       -- Nathaniel Hawthorne, _The House of the Seven Gables_


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     FRAGMENTS FROM THE GOSPEL OF MATTHiAS
     by Nemo est Sanctus

And after the scribes and the Pharisees fell silent, a single man stepped
   forward from the crowds:  Matthias, a tax collector.

Lord, he said.  I came to hear you speak so I could hear how the scribes and
   the priests refuted you, so I could rest in my old beliefs.

But the teachers cannot refute you; their arguments sound hollow and fall
   stillborn from their lips.

But I am troubled, Lord.  All my life I have followed the Law, and I have felt 
   protected by the Law, and I grew up to be a tax collector and enforce the
   Law.

And you come and teach us that the Law was wrong, and call for us to tear it
   down.

And Jesus said, It is true the laws of man must be torn down, but the Law is
   not now, nor has it ever been, wrong.

With my life I bring about a new covenant, a covenant of love, not one of
   restriction.

The Word of the Law was restriction for your forefathers, for man was yet a
   child, and, like a child, he needed the guidance of a strict father.

Man is even now in his coming of age, and the Word of the Law is wisdom, for
   the Law is now a wise father teaching his son the ways that will soon be
   his.

I say truly unto you:  The day will come when man will be in his adulthood,
   and he will come into his inheritance with the Lord.

For a Hebrew begets a Hebrew, and a horse begets a horse, and an ass begets an 
   ass (cf GosPhil 51,29 and 75,25), and the Lord your Father, can he beget
   less?

For the Lord your Father has claimed you as his sons, and He is your Father
   (cf Ps 82:6 and Jn 10:34).

In my body I show the last Word; the Word of the last Law is Love.

In love, the laws of man are torn down and pass away, for he who loves does
   not wish to see his beloved in chains.

It is only he who hates that needs to see his brothers enslaved.  He who hates 
   and he who fears.

And Matthias asked, But Lord, is not the world filled with those who hate and
   those who fear?  Is this truly the time of the last Word?

Jesus replied, No, that aion has yet to come.

I will die, and rise again, but in this form I will be lost to man until the
   last days dawn.

And many who follow me and oppose the archons will die, and they will be lost
   to man until the last days.

But death is the price for and the path to freedom, and if you truly believe
   in love, the path of the zealot is the only path open to you.

The choice of the zealot must be yours.  You must follow me through the cities, 
   carrying the cross upon which you will hang,

Or you may fly to the mountains and prepare in brotherhood for your deaths and 
   the last days.

The law of David will stand until the end, that he who stays at the camp and
   prepares for his brothers will receive the same share as him who went down
   to the battle (cf 1 Sam 30:24-25).

But I say truly, to refuse both these paths is even death too, but death
   without rebirth.

For those who have loved will be the Lord's holy ones, with whom he will come
   in the last hour (cf Zech 14:5).

To refuse love is the death of the soul.

And Matthias looked around, and found the marketplace still, and, seeing that
   Jesus had spoken only to him, cried out, Truly, you are the Christ.

And Jesus kissed him, and the people began speaking once more.

Matthias said, Truly, you are the wise teacher; tell us what we must do.

And Jesus said unto them:
          Eat not in another's hunger
          But reach to him your hand;
          Food is of earth -- is here always.
          Man passes into sand.
          One man is rich, one man is poor
          A sharing man wants not
          This year a vagabond may knock;
          Last year he had no want.
          Do not allow greedy thoughts now
          Your end is mystery
          Next year the beggar may be you
          Needing someone's mercy.
          You won't hurt your arm reaching out
          Nor bending break your back
          Don't pounce on he who begs your help
          Reach out to he who lacks
          Do not deny a stranger drink.
          Drink, rather, to his health.
          God honors him who loves the poor,
          Not him who worships wealth.

                                 * * * * *

And Jesus said, Matthias, read to us this scroll.

But Matthias cried out, saying, Rabbi, this is a pagan scroll.  It would be
   unlawful to read this here in the Temple of the Lord.

And Christ said, My child.  Do you fear the heathens so much that you would
   plug up your own ears and out your own eyes?  If the heathen are wrong you
   need not fear to hear their teachings.  Rather, read them and refute them,
   that you may teach those who believe wrong right.  If they are right,
   however, woe be to you who closed your ears because you feared the source.
   Open your eyes; open your ears.  Knowledge cannot harm you.  Study all, and
   so not fear.  Simply refute the false, and trust in the Lord.  Was it not
   said, Nothing good can come out of Nazareth (cf. Jn 1:46)?  Yet, here I am.
   Would you have closed your ears to my words because you disliked my origin?

After I had read the scroll, he admonished us once again, saying, Judge not
   the teacher, but judge the teaching.  Do not ignore the words because you
   would rather ignore the man.

                                  * * * * *

The Saviour said:  You speak of resurrection because you do not know death.
   If you do not know death, how much less must you know life!  Any man may
   take a woman and produce an animate creature, but only God may grant a
   soul.  Man cannot force God's hand, nor may man dictate to God what body
   may be with soul.  There are many men, even today, wherein dwell no soul.
   But I say unto you, whoever brings a man to think that does not, he has
   raised that man from the dead.

And the Apostles lamented, saying:  But you promised that those who follow you 
   would find the secret to eternal life!

And Christ made answer, saying:  Fools!  You speak this way for you are drunk
   in the ways of this world.  I say unto you that your drunkenness is so
   great that you do not even perceive your state.  The treasures of this
   world are nothing.  Why, then, do you want nothing forever?  The treasures
   of the Kingdom are infinite.  Why, then, do you fear to claim your birth-
   right?  But I speak to you truly, to conquer death you only have to die.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"One of these days I may fight in earnest and altogether so that I won't have
 to fight any more."
                 --James Simon Kunen, 
                  _The Strawberry Statement:  Notes of a College Revolutionary_


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     GEORGE BUSH -- HiS LiFE AND CRiMES, PART ONE:  iN THE BEGiNNiNG
     by Clockwork

     There is only one person I really despise on the face of the earth, 
believe it or not.  Because despise is such a strong word.  It's a nice word, 
though.  So is loathe.  Loathe just slides out of your mouth, sounding 
dementedly erotic.  It too is a strong word.  And I use them both in a single 
sentence, along with George Bush.

     Why, you ask?  I could write a book.  Hell, there are already books.  This 
one man has held so many -- too many -- power positions in the government that 
it is simply unbelievable.  When he got involved in politics, he had no prior 
political experience at all -- he majored in economics and was involved in the 
oil business in Texas.  He was in the U.S. Senate from 1966 - 1970, Nixon 
appointed him as U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. from 1971 - 1972 (why, I have no 
idea), he became director of the C.I.A. from 1976 - 1977, Vice-President in 
1980 - 1988, and then President from 1988 - 1992.  Why? Why? Why? I keep 
mumbling those words.

     Interestingly enough, Bush also became involved with two very related, 
very powerful, and very unknown organizations -- the Council on Foreign 
Relations and the Trilateral Commission.  Time for a brief, or not so brief, 
history lesson...

     Next to the Freemasons, the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) and the 
Trilateral Commission (TC) are probably the most misunderstood organizations 
operating on American soil.  Yet all three organizations are part of a global 
conspiracy to dominate the world.  Interestingly enough, George Bush's coin 
phrase "New World Order" is taken straight from the Freemason's handbook.

     The CFR has about 2500 members, the majority of whom live in New York, 
Washington, and Boston.  It has 38 branch affiliated in the United States.  The 
entire organization was financed completely by the Rockefeller and Carnegie 
foundations.  Former Congressman Jack Rarick asserted: "The CFR is 'the 
establishment.'  Not only does it have influence and power in key decision-
making positions at the highest levels of government to apply pressures from 
above, but it also finances and uses individuals and groups to bring pressures 
from below, to justify the high-level decisions for converting the U.S. from a
sovereign Constitutional Republic into a servile member state of a one-world 
dictatorship."

     And the CFR does not hide it's intentions.  On February 17, 1950, CFR 
member James Warburg (of Warburg Bank of Hamburg and Amsterdam, one of the top 
eight stockholders in the Federal Reserve System) told the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee:  "We shall have world government whether you like it or 
not you like it -- by conquest or consent."  In the 1940s, the CFR had so much 
influence in the State Department, they were responsible for getting the U.S. 
to create and join the United Nations.  In fact, the land which housed the 
United Nations buildings was donated by John D. Rockefeller, Jr.

     The CFR was the catalyst behind the creation of the Trilateral Commission, 
established by David Rockefeller in 1973 to promote world government by 
encouraging economic interdependence among the superpowers.  All eight American 
representatives to the founding meeting of the TC were members of the CFR.

     The Reagan Administration appointed no less than 75 members of the CFR or 
TC, but when Bush entered the White House, an unbelievable 350 members of those 
two organizations received positions in the executive branch.

     Also, way back in his college days at Yale University in Connecticut, he 
was inducted into a very elite secret society, with roots stemming from 
Freemasonry, called the Order of Skull & Bones.  This society consisted of 
white, wealthy, males, and nothing else.  If anyone else even set foot in a 
Skull & Bones meeting place, the place would have to be torn down. Silly, eh?  
Bush's involvement in the Skull & Bones laid the foundation of his beliefs that
are behind every action throughout his governmental career.  You see, the Skull 
and Bones believed in constructive chaos -- using covert actions to maintain
order.  Keep that in mind.  Bush is the poster child for constructive chaos.

                                   * * * * *


        "A covert operation is, in its nature, a lie."

                                -- Oliver North in his testimony before
                                    the Iran-Contra investigations


                                   * * * * *


     Covert actions.  Alrighty.  Before we get into what covert actions he 
participated in, let us look at how he accomplished them.  During the Reagan 
administration, Vice-President Bush created the Vice-Presidential Task Force 
on Combating Terrorism.  Seems like a nice idea to the public, since throughout 
Bush's terms he told the public that there is a terroristic threat to the 
United States.  However, this task force was allowed to bypass normal channels 
to initiate policies, avoiding the opposition of other branches of government, 
or government officials.  Nobody had to know about the things they did.

     During the same term, in 1981, they came up with, and passed, a proposal 
permitting the C.I.A. to undertake covert actions inside the United States and 
on U.S. citizens.  This included searches without warrants, surreptitious 
entries, and the infiltration of political organizations.  All of this "to 
combat terrorism in the U.S."  Once again, they continue to use this "terrorist 
threat" theme.

     Along with that nifty thing, the executive branch came up with something 
called National Security Decision Directives (NSDD).  These were just like an 
executive order, having as much power as an executive order, but NSDDs were not 
required to be revealed to any other branch of government, specifically 
Congress.  So, theoretically, war could be waged against anyone without the 
Congress or the public knowing about it, as long as U.S. Military troops were 
not used -- this does not exclude C.I.A. members.  And it just so happens that 
during the Reagan-Bush administration, about 300 NSDDs were issued -- to this 
day only 50 have been declassified.

     Of course, this was after Bush was director of the C.I.A.  How did he get 
involved with the Presidency?  Not specifically by voters.  Oh, no, no, no, no, 
no.  Of course not.  In 1977, 800 or so covert operators were thrown out of the 
C.I.A. by Carter.  They, in turn, allied themselves with the conservative 
element of the Republican party and set a goal -- to get Bush elected as Vice-
President or President.  It didn't really matter which one, both were a power 
position that could be worked from.  They were going to do in the U.S. what 
they did in Africa and Central America in the 60s and 70s -- rig elections and
overthrow the government.  And they did.

     Let us jump back a little, back to 1976, when Bush ran the good ole 
patriotic C.I.A, and talk about a little thing called the Nugan Hand Bank.  The
Nugan Hand Bank was founded in 1976, by two men -- one with the last name Hand.
Obviously where the name Nugan Hand came from.  The funny thing is, Michael 
John Hand, one of the two, was an ex-Special Forces member, ex-Green Beret, and
ex-C.I.A. agent.  Interesting, eh?  So interesting, in fact, that the bank was 
run entirely by ex-C.I.A. agents and ex-U.S. military officers.  It turns out 
that the bank held and laundered profits from opium fields across Southeast 
Asia (a totally different story about the C.I.A.).

     Right after the establishment of the bank, it boasted deposits of $25 
million dollars.  Sort of unusual.  Branches were spread around six different 
continents, several times appearing on the same floor as D.E.A. offices.  Of 
course, when the D.E.A. was asked about this, they offered no explanation.  All 
in all, the Nugan Hand bank was involved with drug operations, laundering, tax 
evasion, and investor fraud.  No actual banking was done there -- it twas a 
front.  After lasting for seven years, the bank was declared insolvent, and 
all the papers were shredded -- this left them owing around $50 million.

     Much of the trafficking was run by Edwin Wilson, a career C.I.A. officer, 
who in 1983 began serving a 52 year sentence for selling arms to Libya.  But no 
one has ever been convicted of any crimes relating to the bank.

     Unfortunately, many of the CIA activities during that time have yet, if 
they ever will be, to be uncovered.  But it is easy to see the clear base of 
support and network of contacts Bush set up while directing the C.I.A.


End PART I: iN THE BEGiNNiNG


Next...

PART II: THE PRESiDENT OF THE 80s -- REAGAN OR BUSH?

        -- uncovered operations controlled and authorized by Bush
            throughout his Vice-Presidency.  And there are tons of them.


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
                               
                               
                               [=- POETRiE -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ALONE
     by Paradigm

                             Please,
                          . . . go away.
                          Leave me alone,
                         with my thoughts,
                             dreams,
                           meditations,
                              self.
                      I'm feeling antisocial.
                         Is this a crime?
                      Why does it matter to you
                        if all I want to do
                             is sit,
                              alone,
                             quietly,
                        staring at nothing,
                          or everything?
                      The world will *not* end
                         if . . . oh . . .
                          nevermind . . .
                        just leave me alone.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"Nothing can bring back the hour
Of splendour in the grass, of glory in the flower."
                                                         -- William Wordsworth


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     TEMPTATiON
     by Ivy Carson

     Dark are the souls who enter these gates.
     As you creep with caution, ecstasy awaits.
     The naughty night cats whisper as they draw you near
     "Come closer, come in.  Don't be afraid, my dear."
     The mysteriousness is too much to resist.
     "Come closer, come in," the voices insist.
     You enter the night with warnings of regret,
     but you must see for yourself, and you seem to forget
     about the lost and lonely you've seen in that place,
     and how you've always believed it was quite a disgrace.
     A mere child, corrupted and torn inside.
     She has nowhere to go, and she feels she must hid.
     Look at you now, you're becoming one of them.
     A black, cold stone, once a vibrant gem.
     You are poisonous now, playing in a deadly game.
     Known only by your face, no one cares about your name.
     Black lips devour you, pulling you deeper within.
     Once you've arrived, don't fight.  You can't win.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"The philosophers have only interpreted the world; the thing, however, is to
change it."
                                                                  -- Karl Marx


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     iNNOCENCE
     by Sir Lizard Guts

     Dawn is creeping
      Through slits in the cell.
      There are no birds chirping,
      No sound at all.
      Far away, where no one wanders
      Deep inside, no way out.
      There in agony struggling to survive.
      Crying out to anyone who will listen,
      No one to talk to except the parasites.

     Yelling, screaming please God let someone hear him,
      Yes the guards do, and they come to beat him.
      Broken and bloody on the floor,
      Cold and shivering, trying to survive even less than before.

     The world around him through his eyes,
      The walls are misty and damp
      The bars of the window are his only way to sanity.
      No it's the dragon again...

     "Stay away dragon bother me no more!"
      Thrashing about, slamming into the walls.
      No one is near him, his mind is gone.
      He better be quiet or the guards will come again.
      Clawing his eyes ripping off his skin,
      How did all this start.
      Oh no, here comes the guards.

     In to his mind, we can not understand.
      On the battlefield I can see it all.
      The constant pound of bombs over and over.
      There, his best friend just died,
      There, his captain, now his brother.

     Blood covers his body, mud binds the blood to his skin,
      Was he once human, did he used to live?
      He's barely alive when they came to take him away...

     Stare at the light, look at it sparkling,
      Light cleans everything, Light is white.
      White is pure, Pure is salvation.
      If you stare at the light it will sustain you,
      The beam from the window crawls across the floor, its fingers   
       stretching out to the corner where he is curled up.
      It illuminates his face, stunned, his burning eyes turn towards  
       the window.
      Is this what he has been waiting for,
      It cleans him, for a second he smiles and laughs out.
      Then the guards return.

     Cold everywhere,
      It is biting into him, so many small stings.
      The wind comes through the window, he hates it,
         curses it.
      He hates the window, he hates the wind.
      Winter and no clothes, just rags that he wore on the day.
      What was it like then to be free, to be outside.
      Prickles, they hurt, pain he can not stand,
      If he complains the guards will make him sleep.
      He likes the idea, he yells....

     White, everywhere he looks is white.
      It comes through the window, it covers his curled form.
      No more feeling of cold, no feeling of anything.
      No remembrance of what life was like.
      A young boy has been visiting his dreams,
      What is reality anymore to him though,
      Who was this young boy.

     Look at the rain,
      Crystals falling to the earth.
      Diamonds come through the window.
      Tear at the bars, Feel the sting of the rain.
      It rips his body apart,
      Down goes the last bit of humanity
      Out the drain, with all his waste.
      No more, it washes out his open wounds,
      A child laughing in his crib, he laughs in his cell.
      Such joy to know what he is.

     Back to the savage, back to hate.
      Back away from society.
      What is hope.
      Something that no one can take away.
      Back away from hope,
      What is its use for someone who is lost.

     Laughing at what he once was,
      It turns to crying.
      Let the pain come again,
      Give me back my childhood, my son, my dreams,
      Here come the guards.

     The pain lets him know he is alive,
      Without it there is nothing else.
      Except the light.
      The precious light that gives him purpose,
      And the rain, and snow, and heat, and cold.
      Without that there is nothing more.

     He clings to the window
      Even as they beat him.
      Don't give up your last hope.
      Down he sinks into the dreams,
      The salt of his blood runs through his cracked lips.
      Burning, letting him know that there is nothing left.
      Nothing.

     What are they doing.
      No....
      His window, it is gone, boarded up.
      Rip out the wood.
      His flesh gives way to wood.
      His fingers are ground to brick and stone.
      But what does it matter, to one who has nothing else.
      What is it.
      The guards see what he has done.

     Yes! come and hit me,
      I can stand up to them,
      I have my light back.
      Silence.

     The window, the bars.
      With only stone to replace it.
      Nothing at all now.
      A broken body, a broken mind.
      A torn soul.

     Still continuing though.
      He has no moved in months,
      Nothing moves.
      Except the parasites through the excrement that 
         covers him.
      What is time though to someone who does not see.
      They have taken his eyes.
      They have taken his light.
      They have taken his hope.

     Lots of time to think.
      Why should I not die,
      Why to continue on.
      Life is so precious.
      My captain did not want to die,
      My brother did not want to die,
      My friend did not want to die,
      Should I want to die.
   
     I used to have a name,
      What was it.
      What does it matter.
      Where is my arm, why can I not move.
      It matters because that is who I am.
      A name is who you are.
      Who I was.
      I am nothing now.

     I had a child, I created life.
      I loved that life, and I still do.
      What was his name.
      What does it matter.
      How can I say I love anything.

     No stop it, do not think of her.
      No, I can not stand it,
      Does she love someone else now.
      Why did I have to remember.
      Guards come make me sleep.
      Screaming,
                       Silence.

     Twitch, roaches crawling over him.
      He can imagine them, they are his brothers now.
      One scuttles across the room in darkness.
      Doubt creeping into the mind,
      What am I, what was I,
      Now he can not make the guards come,
      They have taken his tongue.
      Now they are taking his beliefs, his morals.
   
     A smile spreads across his face as he thinks of his light,
      What was it like.
      Then he thinks about how it was taken away,
      Back to hate.

     Throughout time he sits, sleeps, lays.
      No muscles to stand, just to live.
      The war can not go n forever,
      Someone will come,
      Someone will free him.

     He doesn't think this.
      Why should he.
      He has no hope.
      The primitive will to survive keeps his heart beating.
      His wild lapses have stopped.
      His mind is solid.
      It holds his body together.
      On heartbeat after the other.
      The mind is not conscience.

     The only thing he holds onto is his name,
      It runs through his mind.
      What was life like.
      Her again, his mind comes to life, the burn in his heart
         feels good.
      How he loved her. The smallest thing mattered.
      I love you, he says, only it comes out as an unintelligent moan
         without form.
      Holding her, feeling the pressure of her against him was all
         that he cared about.
      Her breath upon his brow, her arms around his waist.

     How he cried tearless sobs as he remembered.
      But this time it feels good.
      Memories flood him,
      In the dark he smiles.
      Peace, nothing like the timeless peace of love.

     At least he had told her he loved her.
      All the time, and when he left how they both had wept.
      He wanted her love from the beginning.
      And she had given it to him unambiguously.
      Her love, that's what is was all about.
      The love of everything,
      Her hand in his, that love was better than the bed.
      His arms around her, his hands to touch her.
      Her skin so soft.

     How everything around him was so hard now.
      He suffered for her,
      How everything he did was for her.
      No, he knew she still loved him.
      Somehow he knew that she still knew he was alive.

     God he loved her,
      Nothing meant so much to him.
      Her voice in his ear,
      "I love you", he could hear her one last time.

     Then it all went away,
      His mind blanked and he could feel no more.
      The fleeting moment of sanity,
      All the feelings gone, but not.
      It would always be burning what he felt.
      His mind went back to the cockroaches.

     On and on, forever more
      I will be nothing.
      Crawling around, hands stretched out searching.
      There biting into his hand,
      He pulls it out.

     Up, he can see it with eyes he no longer has.
      Standing, barely he leans against the wall.
      The sane mind gone, the primitive will to survive no longer
         cares.
      Years of darkness, no more memories of love.

     The bones of his legs, the absence of feeling.
      His jaded existence,
      The shard of a bottle in his hands.
      The basic instinct of survival,
      The flames of life died out.

     He holds it up to the window that is not there,
      The light that does not exist shins through on him.

     The cold press of glass against his wrist,
      Building of the adrenalin.
      The blood pounding in his ears.
      He feels her crying out. Why?
      It hurts to much, the thought of her.
      He falls, the glass slides across a blind floor.

     Crying, he can't stop.
      He crawls around now,
      Frantic, mindless, thoughtless.
      Waiting to end the uselessness of it all.

     The shard again,
      Stabs through his hand as he sweeps it across the floor.
      Laying there holding it, weeping.
      Sleep now. One last time before you die.

     Morning, or afternoon, or night
      It does not matter.
      Pressing the glass against his face,
      How it has changed since the beginning.
      The scars, the lumps from the beatings, he misses the 
         beatings.

     He touches his eyelids with his fingers, only seeing the 
         endless haze of nothing.
      Remembering what sight was like.
      Now, end it now.
      Slice the flesh across the wrist.
      Feel it, feel all the world slide away in dreary happiness.
      The few seconds of life as it all comes out.

     Lift the wrist up to your mouth and
      Taste my life as it passes out of me.
      Feel the burn of the end.
      I know I am going and I am ready for whatever
         is there.
      I now know I never wanted to die,
      I never wanted to kill myself.
      I feel the last of it drain out.
      I can not concentrate on anything,
      Darkness, come to me my sweet, sweet darkness.
      I love it, I love everything on last time.
      I love you, I did to the very end.

     Now everything is done, Quiet.
      Silence.
      The parasites run to feed on the blood.
      The substance of life, the end of hope,
      The end of love.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                               
                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE GOBLiN'S TOWER -- A PARABLE
     by Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes

     The Old Goblin stands at the top of his Tower of Hypocrisy and laughs at
those who drown in the Sea of Lies, yet see not that their feet are wet with
False-Hood.  He spews forth blasphemies and lies and counter their lies with
lies he believes not, yet others believe he believes, while they themselves
say lies to seem better than they are, and in their prejudice and arrogance
believe they are better than True Seekers of the Light.  Yet within the Goblin
weeps, and hopes that they will climb forth from the Sea and find that within
his Tower, where he hides those Truths which he gathers from the beaches which
surround the Tower, and where he discovers those Truths laying screaming
within the Tower's foundation of That.  Still he scoffs at those whose Truth
washes away with the tide in the Sea before they themselves notice it.  And he
sees the tops of other Towers across the Sea of Lies, and smiles within.  And
he thinks of what Truths he has sent out in boats of gibberish to avoid the
angry Sea's wrath, and weeps though he laughs, and means not what he seems to
say.

     And still he delves into the silent Abysses to find those Truths lying
hidden Within, and still he looks out beyond the Sea of Lies to find the
Truths that lie without, which are really all one Truth, and looks to the day
when the Sea of Lies shall be no longer flooded with that which is untrue, and
when Truth shall grow in great forests from the That, and his Tower walls
shall be unnecessary.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement.  But the opposite
of a profound truth may well be another profound truth."
                                                                 -- Niels Bohr


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ViCTOR GOES TO THE OFFiCE
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

     Coach Durnan stormed into the principal's office, pulling a frightened-
looking Victor close behind him.  After quickly scanning the room, he spotted
principal Kane and shouted, "Sir, we got here another foul-mouthed little...
student here, and I want you to --"

     His words were so fast that principal Kane hadn't had time to raise his
hand to signify that he was on the phone.  He gestured his finger toward the
row of seats along the wall of the office and apologized into the phone.

     Coach Durnan pointed fiercely at the seat.  "Victor, you sit down right
there, and think about what you did, and tell principal Kane the truth!  I
don't want you coming back to the gym without a signed note from him!"
Victor nodded humbly and sat down, all the time looking at the floor.  With
that, Durnan left the office, mumbling under his breath.

     Victor sat quietly in the chair, one of five lining the wall of
principal Kane's office.  Alas, the rigors of fifth grade required so many
chairs, probably even more.  Fights were the most common reason for students
to visit the office.  Principal Kane often referred the students to the
nurse's office first, because he didn't like the sight of blood all that
much, and sometimes the students would leave the nurse's office and go back
to class, hoping to pass off the nurse's pass as the principal's.  It usually
worked, unless the teacher was on to such trickery.  Most of the students
knew about this trick -- at least the little boys and girls who were
contenders for warming these five seats for a good deal of time -- and the
general consensus was that if you had to go to the office, make a fight out
of it.

     Unfortunately, Victor had neither the time nor the desire to start a
fight when he had said those dirty words while running laps around the gym.
In fact, Victor hadn't even sensed trouble.  He and Eddie Franklin had been
running around the gym, as usual, seeing as how Coach Durnan made them run
ten laps every day.  The excitement had long gone out of the act, so he and
Eddie weren't being very fast about it.  The excitement had gone so long ago
that they no longer had a peevish desire to run as fast as they could,
risking those cramps in their sides and parched throats, just to get it over
with.

     As they jogged around the floor, Victor and Eddie had been having quite
a nice conversation about how they could write a program in BASIC to come up
with all the four-letter words in existence.  Victor had had a clear vision
of four loops in his mind, but Eddie saw some flaws in the idea. Eddie was
trying to calculate twenty-six to the fourth power in his head, and started
to lag behind.  It was at this time that Victor was jogging by himself in the
big wide open of the gym, and Mark Nessman sped up around his last lap to
pester Victor.

     "Hey, Vickie, you run as slow as a 'tarded girl who's cons'ipated!" he
cried as he approached Victor.  He was already smiling with grade-school
delight at his brilliant insult.

     Victor lost his train of thought and scowled at Mark.  "I don't give a
shit," he muttered, and returned to think about how to eliminate the letter
"q" from the program, because cuss words never have "q" in them.  Mark once
again said something, but Victor missed it.  It sounded different -- almost
fearful -- and Victor was confused and looked up again.  Mark was running
alongside him with wide eyes.  "What?" he asked.

     "You said the 's' word," Mark said, in a tone of voice both fearful and
joyful.  Coach Durnan didn't like cursing.  That was the fearful.  "I'm gonna
tell on you," he threatened, smiling grimly.  That was the joyful.

     Victor rolled his eyes and droned, "Oh no, holy fuck, please don't.
Leave me alone, I'm trying to think."  He looked down again at the floor as
he jogged on, considering the possibilities of a printout of all the words,
maybe, uh, ten or so on a line, hmm, what was eighty divided by four, uh,
wait, there are spaces there...

     Victor was jolted out of deep thought by his arm.  Or more precisely,
Coach Durnan grabbing his arm as he ran by.  Victor spun around and righted
himself.  "What the HELL...?" he started, when he saw Coach Durnan looking
'bout ready to explode.

     "Victor, Mark told me you were using toilet language with him!  Is that
true?!" he cried, in coach fury.  Victor squinted his eyes, and realized what
had happened.  Coach Durnan was the one, who at the beginning of the year,
promised to be harsh with people who cuss, because that's what makes all the
bad things in the world -- like disrespect, laziness, and stupidity --
happen.  Victor was neither disrespectful (except to assholes like Mark),
lazy (except in P.E.), or stupid (but to the rules of sports), but he had
forgotten this cardinal rule when Mark so rudely interrupted his grand train
of thought.  He admitted what he had done.  He had already had a feeling that
Coach didn't like him much anyway, because he wasn't as jockish as the other
boys.  Now Victor was going to take his first trip to the office.

     And, in the third chair along the wall of principal Kane's office,
Victor sat and thought these things over.  It had been well over five minutes
since he sat down, and he glanced over at principal Kane's desk to see if he
was still on the phone.  He saw Kane replacing the receiver.

     "Okay, your turn," principal Kane said to Victor.  Victor nodded and
walked over to the three seats in front of the principal's desk and sat in
the middle one.

     Victor raised his hand before principal Kane could start.  "May I ask
you something first?"

     "Sure, go ahead.  But tell me your name first," principal Kane said.

     "It's Victor.  Victor Gardner."  Principal Kane turned around and pulled
open the drawer on his filing cabinet labeled "G-J".  Victor's folder was the
first one he found.  He noticed that it was decidedly thin, and looked inside
to make sure it wasn't empty.  It was.  He turned around to face Victor.

     "Are you an authoritarian or a humanitarian?" Victor asked.  Principal
Kane's eyes grew wide.

     "Son, I'm neither.  You could say I'm in the middle, but a little closer
to the authority side because I'm a principal.  I have to exercise
discipline, you see," principal Kane explained in a slow, condescending
voice.

     "I was just wondering, because from what I hear about going to the
office in general, kids don't get a fair shake.  You know?  Like when someone
goes to the office, they're already convicted.  And the principal's job is to
give them licks.  And then they go back to class."

     Principal Kane shifted in his seat and cleared his throat.  "Coach
Durnan said you were cursing.  Are you saying that you did not?"

     "No.  I admitted it.  But seeing as how you're not a complete
authoritarian, I thought we could discuss it."

     Principal Kane's expression soured slightly.  He had the impression that
he had a little bastard on his hands -- the kind who appear to be respectful
and polite, but who are only working to achieve their own means.  Kane had an
expression for these kids, one which he never uttered outside the teacher's
lounge: "sincere bastards."
     Victor saw the souring of principal Kane's expression and feared losing
his chance.  He realized he was leaning toward the principal like a shyster
would, and realized that principal Kane may get angry, so he sat up straight
and started into his discussion.

     "Now, wait a second, sir.  I didn't mean it that way.  I was just
thinking about how silly the rules are, and wondered if you ever noticed.
Like, it's seen as a mortal sin to use bad words, but only for us kids.  Only
kids 'cuss'.  Adults 'talk spiritedly'.  But we all use the same words,
right?"

     Principal Kane admitted, "Yes, Victor, they are the same words, but for
adults to use them is..., uh.... --"

     "-- different, I know," Victor interrupted.  "A privilege, maybe?  I'm
just saying that 'cuz I know what all the words mean.  You know, like
referring to bowel movements or sexual acts.  And I'm pretty sure that most
of us students know what the words are and what they mean.  But we're not
supposed to use them or know them."

     "No, Victor, you're not.  It's a matter of stature.  Do you know what
that word means?  It's how people see you.  It's what people think of you
when you talk.  Stature.  S - T - A --"

     "-- I know the word, sir.  But I think you're looking for the word 'non-
contamination', right?  I mean, I know that there are some kids out there who
don't know these words.  I, though, won't use these words around them, you
know?  I prolly don't even want be around them enough to use them.  Kids like
that tend to be either like really sheltered, and boring, or they're really
rich, and stuck-up.  I guess you could say they have stature.  But they're
hollow inside."

     Principal Kane relaxed a little.  "Well, son, you seem to know what
you're talking about.  But have you heard the theory that when you curse,
it's because of a lack of vocabulary skills?  There's an educational reason
to prohibit cursing too."

     "I hope you don't truly believe that, sir.  I've been talking for ten
minutes and haven't said 'shit' or 'fuck' once."  Victor held up his hand at
the shocked principal.  "Now, sir, you know I was only being lighthearted.
If just referring to those two words gets me in more trouble, then that
oughta demonstrate the audacity of the rule.  I didn't use them as an insult,
an exclamation, or, as you imply, a replacement for other words missing from
my vocabulary."

     Principal Kane sat up straight, sensing an advantage.  "You did use them
for shock value, though.  That was uncalled for.  I can't let that pass."  He
picked up a pen and started to scribble on a pre-printed form.

     Victor sighed and continued.  "Sometimes shock itself is a reason for
cussing.  I know full well that a kid can fall over, and cuss about it, or
drop their books in a puddle, and cuss about it, or even hear a great story,
and cuss to express amazement.  But, I used the words as an illustration, and
that was premeditated.  And it seems to me that you were desperately
searching for some reason to punish me.  So, alright, sir, punish me for
shock value, too."

     A look of despair came over principal Kane's face.  He admitted to
himself that Victor was right, but in his principal's skin, did not say so
aloud.  He put down the pen.  "Victor, I've listened to what you've said.
I'm going to make an exception in your case, because you're smart enough to
think about what you did, although I can't agree with your reasons."  He
smiled at his humanitarianism, but inside he was feeling nervous and guilty.

     "No sir, I can't let that pass.  I'm representing all the students at
the school who get in trouble for cussing.  We all cuss for the same reasons.
I'm no different from them, besides being able to hold the attention of an
authority figure long enough to get my point across.  I'm surprised you even
let me talk this long.  Was it my empty student folder that made you allow
it?  If my folder had been full of those little forms, would you have paddled
me and sent me on my way?  Come to think of it, just how many of those forms
have the little box checked next to 'cursing'?  How much paper does that use
in a week?  Does --"

     "Stop it!  Just shut up!" principal Kane growled.  He ripped off the top
pre-printed form and balled it up and threw it aside.  He drew an "X" on the
next form, signed it, and shoved it in Victor's hand.  "Go back to class!"

     Victor stood up and nodded and headed for the door.  A secretary on the
other side of it scowled at him as he left.  He walked down the hall and
looked at the form.  The little box next to "excused" had been marked with an
"X", although the lines crossed several other choices.  Victor knew the rule
would stay, and he remembered to rub his rear end in pain when he entered the
gym and continued to think about his programming idea.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


State  of  unBeing  is  copyrighted (c) 1994 by Kilgore  Trout  and  Apocalypse 
Culture Publications.   All rights are reserved to cover,  format,  editorials, 
and all incidental material.   All individual items are copyrighted (c) 1994 by 
the individual author, unless  otherwise stated.  This file may be disseminated 
without restriction for  nonprofit purposes so long as it is preserved complete 
and  unmodified.   Quotes and  ideas not  already in  the  public domain may be 
freely used  so  long  as  due recognition is provided.   State  of  unBeing is  
available at the following places:

                 iSiS UNVEiLED   512.930.5259  14.4 (Home of SoB)
                THE LiONS' DEN   512.259.9546  24oo
                  TEENAGE RiOt   418.833.4213  14.4 NUP: COSMIC_JOKE
                    MOGEL-LAND   215-732-3413  14.4
                 ftp to io.com   /pub/SoB

Submissions may also be sent to Kilgore Trout at <kilgore@bga.com>.  Thank you.


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
