
 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what               TWENTY-FiVE              tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in                04/30/96              ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                           CONTENTS OF THIS ISSUE
                                      
     EDiTORiAL by Kilgore Trout
     LETTERS TO THE EDiTOR
     * STAFF LiSTiNG
     * ARTiCLES
          + WHY THE REVOLUTiON WiLL FAiL by Nemo est Sanctus
          + MiND PROBE #3: I Wish My Name Were Nathan, Irrepressible
            Youth and Conscience by Noni Moon
          + ME by Morrigan
          + DADA, NiETZSCHE, AND THE ASCETiC iDEAL by I Wish My Name Were
            Nathan
     * POETASTRiE
          + AD HOMiNEM by Kilgore Trout
     * FiCTiON
          + POiSONPEN by CJ Hooknose
          + REQUiEM OF A DYING BOY by Kilgore Trout
       
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
   
                           LETTERS TO THE EDiTOR
                                      
   
   [once again, we present more letters from our hearty readers.
   unfortunately, my new mail program decided to strip the headers when i
   saved them. not exactly my night at zine publishing, eh? quick
   rundown: fuck 'em, sell 'em, mail 'em.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   i know you are not kilgore trout. vonnegut knows you are not kilgore
   trout and if fools don't know who kilgore trout is- fuck em.
   
   [i know i'm not kilgore trout, too. i doubt vonnegut knows i even
   exist -- he doesn't like computers. as for fucking people who don't
   know who kilgore trout is: i doubt they're my type.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   Kilgore,
   
   I saw your listing in Labovitz's e-zine collection and
   I thought you may be interested in doing a little
   bit more in the zine business.
   
   I know many zines prefer to remain an underground
   organization and you may be one of them. But in case
   you have higher aspirations, why do not you download
   Web Buster, a free, HTML 3.0 compatible, fully
   graphical Web browser and see what kind of an
   online publication you could turn your zine into.
   
   Web Buster is available from this Web site:
   
                           http://www.acdcon.com/
                                      
   
   Web Buster is in the self-installing webbuste.exe file.
   After installing Web Buster, call
   
                      http://www.acdcon.com/index.epb
                                      
   
   to see with your own eyes what a regular Web site can
   look like. Just a remark before you call: do not expect
   slow Web pages that put you to sleep ...
   
   The site is in its early stages yet, but it shows
   very well the possibilities. It is constructed with
   E-Publisher, a fully graphical Web authoring tool, which
   is fairly simple to use. Depending on your enthusiasm and
   imagination, you could set up much more amazing Web pages.
   
   If you are interested in more, just write to me. If you
   adopt this technology, I will link your site into mine.
   My site will be heavily advertised, which means your site
   gets a lot of extra exposure through the link.
   Where else can you receive a free promotion like that?
   
   Regards,
   
   Laslo Chaki
*******************************
* lchaki@acdcon.com           *
* ACD:Developer of Epublisher *
* and Web Buster              *
*******************************

   
   [ack. don't even know why i'm running this. guess i just thought it
   was too damn funny to pass up. the beginning is the best, the part
   about how want to be underground, but if you have "higher
   aspirations," then this guy's product is for you. like i'm doing this
   to be cool. i do it cuz i like it. and i actually took the time to try
   out his free web browser, knowing full well that hardly anyone is
   going to load up a separate browser apart from their main one just to
   look at a zine. damn thing errored out in the installation. heh. i
   like ascii. how about you?]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   Well... I got issue 23 off a local board (the sprawl)..
   its really good...
   I too live in Austin tx..
   Just wanted to say I like the zine, and to please add me to the
   mailing list...
   thats about it..
   
   [glad to know some local folks are reading it. sorry i lost your
   address. i'm also sorry to say that we don't have a mailing list. if
   anyone wants to set one up for us, well, you'll like get your name in
   big shiny letters in the zine or something. probably or something.]
   
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout
     
     Heidi ho, boys and girls (and heidi, too, since her name is ALSO a
     greeting). Welcome to issue #25, a big issue, and yet, we're still
     such a quaint zine.
     
     (Fucking right, eh, Clockwork? Just WHERE the HELL are your
     SUBMiSSiONS? I've been waiting for AGES! Get them to me PRONTO or
     I'll FIRE your ASS!!!)
     
     Er, sorry, I always wanted to see what it felt like to be a
     ruthless, cruel editor/dictator who ruled his writers with an
     extremely large cat o' nine tails. Instead, I'm just a nice guy who
     barely has time to spell check, as IWMNWN likes to point out all
     the time.
     
     Anyway, this issue has been rife with troubles for yours truly. It
     was supposed to come out last night, but I discovered that a new
     release of NetHack had been released, and, well, I ended up
     pretending I was a Valkyrie all night long. And I still use the
     ASCII mode too! No graphics tiles for this purist!
     
     "Stop being a goddamn martyr!" yells Luke. "Get your ass to the
     Falcon."
     
     Seems this editorial is getting a tad bit TOO goofy, so I guess I
     better wrap this sucker up. Noni Moon brings us another wonderful
     interview with IWMNWN; Nathan writes about Dada and Nietzsche;
     Morrigan is back after a long absence, which we are very happy
     about; a first time writer puts a twist on serial killing; and I've
     put in some literary trash of my own dealing with teen angst. I
     never did that when I was in high school, but it's never too late
     to start, eh?
     
     Anyway, remember that the summer is coming up, and everyone knows
     what happened last time that season rolled around. May looks real
     nice, people send me stuff, and then it's dead in the summer. Make
     Kilgore happy! Send me stuff, and I'll publish it. I tell ya, it'll
     look good on your college application/job resume (only if they
     can't actually get ahold of the zine).
     
     Toodles and all that jazz.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               STAFF LiSTiNG
                                      
                                   EDiTOR
                               Kilgore Trout
                                      
                                CONTRiBUTORS
                                CJ Hooknose
                         I Wish My Name Were Nathan
                               Kilgore Trout
                                  Morrigan
                              Nemo est Sanctus
                                 Noni Moon
                                      
                               GUESSED STARS
                                Laslo Chaki
                      two lost souls who wrote letters
                                      
   
                        SoB HORNED GEEK OF THE MONTH
                        The Anti-Christ's accountant
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                              [=- ARTiCLES -=]
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     WHY THE REVOLUTiON WiLL FAiL
     by Nemo est Sanctus
     
     "The personal revolution is far more difficult Then the first steps
     in any revolution."
     
                   -- the Disposable Heroes of Hiphoprisy
                                      
     The Revolution -- this Revolution, in the hearts and minds of the
     Western people of the '90's -- will fail. It will not fall to
     superior arms or superior numbers. It will not fall from lack of
     economic clout. It will fall because the people who claim to want
     it have defeated themselves.
     
     "In order for an enemy to defeat you," it has been rightly said,
     "you must first defeat yourself." The Western version is similar:
     "A house divided upon itself cannot stand." Luke 11:17. Do I mean
     the Revolutionaries of today are not of one purpose? To an extent.
     The Revolutionaries on the Left and the Revolutionaries on the
     Right do not see eye to eye and will not see eye to eye, as they
     blind each other in petty disagreements. They allow themselves to
     be separated by the system, and, worse, they separate themselves.
     But this is not the most important thing. The Revolutionary force
     is splintered because of the Revolutionaries.
     
     Those of the Revolution are of two minds. More correctly, they are
     of one mind and one soul. The Revolutionary knows something is
     wrong, but this Revolution is not Revolution; it is Reaction. The
     Revolutionary today does not know what is right.
     
     A Revolutionary knows he must die. The hobbyist and the whining
     "oppressed" do not, but it is not of these that I write. For these,
     I have barely a moment to dismiss them, I will not spend an hour to
     address them. The Revolutionary knows he must die, because a
     Revolutionary is dead the day he takes the name. He dies to himself
     that he may live in the right, and that other may one day breathe
     free. He dies that the Reactionary whiners may have life, of a
     sort.
     
     The Revolution today, though, will fail, because the Revolutionary
     today does not know how to live.
     
     How does one learn to live? That is the very difference between the
     Revolutionary and the Reactionary. A Reactionary does just as the
     name implies: he reacts. A Reactionary sees what is wrong in the
     world, and he opposes it. In this morbidity he steeps and dies,
     because one who dwells on evil cannot live. The Nihilist is the
     ultimate Reactionary, saying, "Because there is some evil in the
     world I know, I will oppose all the world." A Reactionary cannot
     win a Revolution, for he cannot even see it. It is the inherent
     Reaction that will dull the senses of the Constitutionalists and
     the Militias, as they say, "When the government goes too far, then
     we will react." They hope thereby to gain the support of the people
     who feel less threatened by a supposed protector than by a true
     liberator. They also hope to avoid the animosity of those who seek
     to destroy us, but that is hopeless. To the Archons, the
     Reactionaries are a potential, though drunk, obstacle. They see
     that better than the Reactionaries themselves. They know that the
     Reaction can make conquest slightly more difficult, and that the
     right leader can turn Reaction into Revolution. The tolerance and
     the patience of the Reaction will not be returned. The tolerance
     and patience of the Reaction will be the destruction of the
     Reaction. And the Revolution.
     
     Every Revolution must have life. Every Revolution is a theological
     Revolution. When the Americans cast off the British, they did so
     with cries like, "No king but Christ." When the British rebelled
     against their kings, they did so with preachers in their midst,
     with benedictions like, "Lord give us thy strength to crush yet
     another regiment of thy enemies, may they fall before thy soldiers
     swords like wheat." When the Russians brought down their Tzar, they
     put up icons of Lenin in the place of the saints, and worshipped a
     system, a creation instead of the Creator.
     
     A Revolutionary must fight for something. That something is his
     god. The revolution today will fail because the gods for which the
     agitators fight -- "freedom" to do anything that catches their
     fancy, "justice" to take away another's property and life -- are
     dead idols. What good is freedom without a code to tell one what is
     good? One ends up blindly pursuing anything that takes one's fancy,
     and slain. What good is "justice" without a measure to see what is
     truly just? Those cannot exist without an ideal, without a god.
     
     The one thing that all the gods which are fashionable today have in
     common is that they are all centered on the selfish pleasures of
     the individual. Freedom of speech, freedom of choice, without a
     true ideal are simply selfishness. They are fashionable, and
     tolerated, and even encouraged by the state, because they prevent
     the people from unifying behind a true ideal and fighting for true
     freedom.
     
     Only when the agitators, the leaders, the Revolutionaries turn
     themselves over to the good, to the just, in short to God, will
     they be able to fight, and have something to fight for. Without a
     clearly defined objective, no force can be expected to win.
     
     Only when the souls and minds of the people are reunified to fight
     for the true freedom, the true justice, will victory prevail. You
     have been made free, will you make yourself a slave again?
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "Dear Abby, You're a lying old-maid whore-slut. You dish out advice
     for sick and naive people all across the nation without a thought
     to their livelihoods. You haven't lived their lives. You can't play
     God any longer, you bitch-slut. Put down your pen and curl up and
     die, you old bag of pus. Concerned in Connaway
     
     Dear Concerned, I'm going to act like I never read that."
     
                         -- Nathan's wandering mind
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     MiND PROBE #3: I Wish My Name Were Nathan, Irrepressible Youth and
     Conscience
     by Noni Moon
     
     Nate asked me to meet him at the Southwestern University campus,
     where he attends classes. Although he showed up on time on the
     veranda of the Student Building where we agreed to meet, I didn't
     find him until I approached a fifteen-year-old boy sitting in the
     corner and found out it was him.
     
     NM: You look like a little kid.
     
     IW: I'm twenty-one, you know.
     
     NM: Kilgore said you had long hair.
     
     IW: Oh, oh yeah, you haven't talked to him lately. I just got it
     cut. It's fun to make people think I'm a tourist.
     
     NM: A tourist? On campus?
     
     IW: Yeah, like some kid who wandered here by accident. If I had a
     skateboard it would help, I guess.
     
     NM: I don't get it.
     
     IW: Oh, kids ride their skateboards around here a lot. The
     administration is looking into pest-removal options.
     
     NM: Really? How?
     
     IW: Don't worry about it, I was just kidding. I'm hardly ever
     serious, you know. How about this -- when I say something gravely
     important, I'll make a signal like this: <makes intricate signs
     with his hands> After this is over, you can weed out the noise and
     have a gravely important interview.
     
     NM: <laughs> You're not going to make this easy on me, are you?
     
     IW: No.
     
     NM: All right, then. You're not going to make me listen to Tom
     Swifties, are you?
     
     IW: Oh, jeez, no. "I'd rather die," Tom croaked.
     
     NM: Uurgh! You watch it, I have sharp nails.
     
     IW: <laughs> I dislike saying those as much as you do hearing them.
     
     NM: Good. Let's start an interview here, okay?
     
     IW: Sure, go ahead.
     
     NM: Everyone's dying to know: what's with the name?
     
     IW: Nathan? I just like the name.
     
     NM: No, do you wish your name were Nathan?
     
     IW: Not really. It's an artifact of years past. Too late to change
     it now.
     
     NM: Painful subject?
     
     IW: Nope, I still like the handle. It used to be the longest until
     that bastard "Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes"
     came along. Oh well, it's not the length of the name but the motion
     of the notion.
     
     NM: <laughs> Okay. Since you're twenty-one now, that means you must
     have started writing for SoB when you were... nineteen?
     
     IW: Eighteen, actually.
     
     NM: All right, eighteen. Over the past two years, your writing
     style has changed dramatically, from teen angst to more mellow
     pieces. I'm speaking in general. Why is that?
     
     IW: Oh, man... I want inconsequential questions! No, seriously,
     I've changed a lot since I got into college. I mean, you're
     supposed to, right? You may remember that I wrote for that
     underground paper in high school? Yeah, well that's when I was
     going rabid over politics --
     
     NM: I notice that thread still running through your work.
     
     IW: Certainly, certainly. The way I was introduced to the whole
     concept was really jarring. I consider myself a really naive
     person, you see, and I hardly even thought about politics until I
     was seventeen, all at once, when I accepted being gay, and found
     out that it wasn't merely something you got called names for.
     
     NM: So you are gay. Why haven't you ever said that in SoB?
     
     IW: Huh? I always think I'm writing about it. I just don't make it
     obvious most of the time. I don't want to make SoB my personal
     crying rag. You see, I did do that in WTAWTAA. In there I published
     a story I'd written while dealing with my sexual feelings. It
     started out all nice, boy meets boy and such, and then they both
     end up dead. I had a lot of stories like that, but I didn't publish
     those, much less show them to anyone.
     
     NM: So your introduction to politics was centered around this?
     
     IW: Absolutely. I'd kept everything to myself for a few years, and
     then Clinton got elected and tried to lift the ban on gays in the
     military. Then I find out how rabid an issue homosexuality was in
     America. I remember writing a lot during that time.
     
     NM: Was that a bad twist?
     
     IW: Well, actually no. Before I'd been so centered around myself
     and silent that it was easy to assume the being gay was my own
     problem to deal with. But then I found out it was a lot more
     widespread than that, and that was nice. But at my school, it was
     still an open-and-shut topic. So I got courageous and wrote a
     militant coming-out article in WTAWTAA. I didn't say who I really
     was, of course; I wasn't that brave. But I saw some people reading
     it, and the fact that they didn't pass it over -- even if only to
     laugh at it -- that was cool.
     
     NM: That's an inspiring story.
     
     IW: Not really.
     
     NM: Didn't SoB start a few months after WTAWTAA?
     
     IW: About half a year later.
     
     NM: Oh, okay. It strikes me as strange since you didn't mention
     homosexuality for a long time in your writing for SoB.
     
     IW: <thinks> No, I guess I didn't. I was thinking about other
     things at the time. I'd been through a semester of college when SoB
     started up. That was emotionally draining because I hadn't gotten
     around to making any friends yet. So I rebelled against society in
     general, la dee dah, et cetera.
     
     NM: That's a nasty tone you have there. Are you ashamed of doing
     that?
     
     IW: What, all the teen angst? Yeah, I guess so. It's difficult to
     look back at old stuff I've written because it's so entirely
     negative. There's no hope in it. It's all about people getting
     their naive mindsets blown away.
     
     NM: Because that's what happened to you.
     
     IW: Yeah. You see, in a span of a few months, I'd gone from being a
     quiet nerdy type in high school to being a raging queer-rights
     nerdy type, and I couldn't talk to anyone about it, not my family,
     teachers, or friends. It was hellish. I internalized all the rage
     and it tore me apart.
     
     NM: You didn't tell your friends?
     
     IW: No, no, I told them. But I always had the impression they were
     just humoring me and not taking me seriously. It was an immature
     thing for me to think. But hell, I was immature. I'm still immature
     now. I have this habit of magnifying everything to gigantic
     proportions and then reacting against it. I mean, I told one of my
     friends I was gay and he laughed in disbelief. I took it as a
     personal affront. Hell, I'd been denying it for years anyway; who
     could blame him?
     
     NM: Don't feel bad about it. I know what you mean. It's easier to
     react than to stand back and consider things for what they are.
     
     IW: NO IT'S NOT!!! <laughs> Just kidding, Noni. That was a joke.
     
     NM: <looks around to see who's watching us now> You're a maniac,
     aren't you?
     
     IW: No. Seriously, I agree with what you said. I lifted the issue
     of homosexuality to gigantic proportions. It's not as important as
     I thought it was. It doesn't bother me anymore. I think the
     militant queers still think it's much too important. They try to
     equate our situation with, oh, the black civil rights movement. Gay
     rights is nowhere near as important. Slavery, Reconstruction, and
     festering racism led to loss of economic power and liberty for
     blacks. That's something you need to fight against, since it makes
     it difficult to survive. Gays, on the other hand... if no one knows
     about it, you're just another person. Gays aren't a species of
     animal that need to be protected.
     
     NM: What about gaybashing? You don't want laws against that?
     
     IW: Noni, look: there are already laws against hurting, killing,
     and maiming people. Why have this extra layer of legislation that
     says, if you hurt a gay person, it's worse? I think it's a
     widespread self-image problem among us. We act weak and want all
     this protection. I think it'd be much more bold to say, "We're
     strong enough to defend ourselves, thank you very much." Begging
     for more laws is just begging for more pain in the long run. You
     can see effects of affirmative action -- although it's had positive
     effects for many minorities, it only serves to keep the racial
     wounds raw. Why provoke people? If they're bigots, they're not
     going to undergo a miraculous change of heart just because a law
     tells them to.
     
     NM: You seem to have thought about this a long time.
     
     IW: Indeed I have.
     
     NM: I know you like to write about teenagers. What do you think
     about gay teenagers? Should they be protected?
     
     IW: Oh, certainly they should.
     
     NM: Doesn't that contradict --?
     
     IW: Not at all. High school is certainly not the real world, I'll
     tell you that. It's really difficult to be gay there since <makes
     hand gestures> Normal Heterosexual Relationships <stops waving
     hands> are so important. It's drilled into your head. Why are gym
     classes segregated by sex? They don't want boys and girls getting
     all worked up around each other. Why are proms so important?
     Because that's where you're supposed to get worked up. Even more
     than that, there's such huge pressure to be normal and conform.
     Homosexuality is still peripheral to high-school society, therefore
     it's strictly off- limits. I swear, guys wearing long hair has only
     recently been accepted at schools, although it's been a fad since
     the sixties.
     
     NM: And then there was that case where a school banned all clubs
     rather than allowing a gay club.
     
     IW: Pure idiocy. That club would be just the thing that would help
     those kids make it through. The issue is made up to be so important
     that kids think they have to commit suicide rather than live queer.
     It's partly immaturity, I mean as in the way I was. I thought it
     was so important, and it's made to be important in high school, but
     really, it's just a biological happenstance. Who cares? That's the
     kind of message high school society needs to accept. You see, I
     just want some emotional protection for those kids, so they don't
     think they're so abnormal.
     
     NM: I see what you mean, then. I came from an Austin school that
     was better about it. They had some gay teachers you could talk to
     there.
     
     IW: That rules, but I didn't go there, you know.
     
     NM: True. Whew. Have we beat that topic to death yet?
     
     IW: Probably not, but go ahead.
     
     NM: Your story "No strings attached" --
     
     IW: Aaaargh!
     
     NM: -- what?
     
     IW: Oh, nothing.
     
     NM: "No strings attached" was the longest story you've published,
     right?
     
     IW: Uh-huh. It was 100k. I actually have an unfinished 200k story
     from a few years back, but it sucks.
     
     NM: I don't believe it. I think your writing has been consistently
     good. "No strings attached" blew me away. Summarize it for those
     readers who skipped it.
     
     IW: You're sure some did, eh?
     
     NM: Whoops, I didn't mean it to sound like that.
     
     IW: Sure you didn't. <laughs> That story evolved into something
     completely different than I expected. The main character, Jonathan,
     was going to be a zoned-out druggie, and the story was going to be
     a humorous piece about how the world appeared to him. I did keep
     that feel in his perceptions of the world, but a different story
     evolved. Anyway, Jonathan works at a convenience store, and he has
     been for six years. During an ice storm in Texas (all fifteen
     degrees of it) Jonathan walks home and meets this homeless kid
     Jeremy and lets him live in his apartment to escape the cold. And
     the reader soon finds out that Jeremy is gay and he and Jonathan
     develop a warm friendship. A heartwarming tale! Excellent moral
     lesson for readers ages 13-30.
     
     NM: Don't be so sarcastic! I didn't think it was cheesy. It was
     quite dark, if you looked past Jonathan's naive viewpoint and into
     Jeremy's words.
     
     IW: Are you some literary critic? <laughs>
     
     NM: No. What is wrong with you? Can't you take compliments?
     
     IW: No, I can't.
     
     NM: Sorry about that, but I'll do it anyway. Tell about the end of
     the story. That's the important part.
     
     IW: I don't want to give it away, in case --
     
     NM: Fuck 'em who haven't read it.
     
     IW: Hee hee, okay. What turns out is that Jeremy is an angel.
     Really a "spirit" but I forgot to search-and-replace. He committed
     one of those trademark suicides of mine but he didn't die.
     Apparently he's immortal. During an acid trip, after John realizes
     what a boring life he has, he realizes he died a while back. He's
     boring because Jeremy brought him back to life and gave him a shit
     job. Ta-da! Oh, and of course, John realizes he's gay too. I don't
     know why that had to be.
     
     NM: Because he committed suicide and his soul was in torment,
     remember?
     
     IW: Oh yeah, that makes sense.
     
     NM: You've written about suicide several times, such as in "Tell me
     a story," "Here's what the human race can do," and "Ramblings of an
     insomniac." Is it too personal to ask what you think about that
     subject?
     
     IW: Yes, it is. Right now it's not something I think about.
     
     NM: Oh, okay, sorry.
     
     IW: Oh, what the hell. I have this feeling that I'm a low-grade
     manic- depressive or something. Sometimes I get depressed and think
     about suicide for an inordinate amount of time. Each time it's a
     different reason. I felt bad dredging up that
     gay-person-commits-suicide theme in "No strings attached" because
     it's so cliched to me and reminiscent of my teen angst period.
     Lately the suicidal thoughts have accompanied general despair at
     humanity. I might as well be a poet. <laughs sarcastically>
     
     NM: I can see that concern with the fate of the human race in a lot
     of your work. It seems though that you're getting more optimistic,
     though.
     
     IW: Oh really? That's news to me.
     
     NM: Yes, really. I cried at the end of "No strings attached"
     because it was so spiritually redeeming. Also, that story about the
     father telling his son about life and death last month --
     
     IW: Yeah, the father realizes he's looked at it the wrong way all
     his life. That's when I was rejecting rationality. "No strings
     attached" made me cry when I was writing it too. Noni, I think
     you're right. Maybe I am more optimistic now. I think I've just
     become more well-adjusted, that's all. I tend to extrapolate my
     personal feelings onto everyone else. That's why I was lashing out
     against society at the beginning -- I was really lashing out at
     myself. It wasn't forgivable to be like that back then because I
     had very little knowledge about how the world worked. But in
     college and outside I've read a lot of books that are giving me a
     more realistic perspective.
     
     NM: Like in "Evolution of a coward"? You said something about a
     missing thirteenth amendment?
     
     IW: Oh, geez, dredge that up, why don't you. Yeah, I was under the
     influence of conspiratorial writings at the time. I thought I knew
     how everything worked then, but I wasn't taking in all sides.
     Everyone tells the truth and lies intermittently. Just because
     someone claims to have underground knowledge doesn't mean he's
     right. I've learned simply not to trust everything I read or hear.
     You can't take one perspective as fact; it doesn't make sense.
     
     NM: Aaah, "sense!" I wanted to ask you about that. But first, where
     I first noticed it -- your series of stories about Ethan. Are you
     going to continue that?
     
     IW: Well, I'm not currently thinking about it much. I think I
     topped out in the last story. Anything else I write is going to be
     more social commentary, and I get tired of that. But I have a duty
     to flesh out the story. It's too interesting to finish it as it is.
     
     NM: Is Ethan gay?
     
     IW: Actually, no. He does seem to get hit on a lot, though.
     
     NM: All right, back to "sense." It struck me as almost fanatical
     how much importance Ethan puts into "sense" -- such as saying "TV
     doesn't make sense." What's with that?
     
     IW: Oh, that's one of the big changes I've been going through. I
     have the capability to be a really rational person, as well as
     artistic, and I realized I'd been letting that control my mindset
     for too long. Coming to terms with being gay was the first time I
     saw that a lot of things -- opinions, laws, prejudices -- didn't
     make sense. Then the conspiratorial viewpoint added to the feeling
     that a lot of what I see and hear is lies or misinformation. And
     then I did acid in January and that was the last straw. I believed
     for a while that nothing at all made sense and I had only been
     lucky enough to think there was some structure to the world, and
     then I lost it. Ethan had basically the same experience I did,
     except I recovered. I can delude myself into thinking the world
     usually makes sense, but it doesn't surprise me anymore when
     something goes wrong, because it's just proof that I know it's all
     nonsensical. It's funny to me. I laugh a lot more now.
     
     NM: That's good, I guess. Do you regret taking acid?
     
     IW: No, not at all. I just regret my reasons for doing so. I had
     this optimistic dream that doing it would stop my depression. I
     thought it would be some sort of psychiatry. That was really
     stupid, because, as I learned, it's all in my head. I mean, I knew
     what I was trying to do, and I knew it wouldn't work. I was just
     wishing for the stars. During the trip I was just fine, though; I
     was having fun, laughing, seeing things, etc. But the next day I
     thought about how I tried to eliminate my depression and how
     pointless it was and I got really depressed again.
     
     NM: Yikes, that sucks. Are you afraid of flashbacks?
     
     IW: No, not at all. Nothing bad happened during, it was only the
     next day. I don't think acid deserves being illegal. I mean, I
     learned a helluva lot from it that I probably wouldn't have even
     thought about in my life. People just have to be careful, because
     it lets you see how you construct reality, and some people don't
     know how fucked-up and deluded they are. I was ready for that,
     although I wanted too much. Hmmm, I did get two stories out of it,
     though. <laughs>
     
     NM: Why do you think acid is illegal?
     
     IW: The government just dislikes drugs -- ones that don't already
     have multi- billion dollar corporations built around them, that is.
     They thought LSD would become some sort of opium or marijuana and
     turn the working force of the nation into zombies. Of course, it
     was a lot of hype, as well; the congressmen complied with
     "concerned so-and-so" groups and made it illegal, even as it was
     being tested by psychologists, psychiatrists, and doctors. They
     were coming up with amazing findings about the structure of the
     brain, like how it sees and organizes thoughts, but of course,
     their funding got revoked.
     
     That's a problem with this so-called democratic government. It
     cares nothing about the individual. It assumes no one can make a
     choice and accept the consequences for it. If you think about how
     litigious we are now, a lot of it's a result of people getting
     themselves into bad situations a little foresight would have
     prevented, and then suing to make up for the damage. Like fuckin'
     old ladies with hot coffee in their laps. I guess our government
     foresaw that as a reason to illegalize so many drugs -- they didn't
     want to pay the consequences for people's stupid actions. Hell, I
     wouldn't want to either. People don't take responsibility for their
     actions anymore.
     
     The way drugs should be is, people should be educated about their
     effects -- the REAL effects, not this bullshit D.A.R.E. paranoia --
     and they should be allowed to take it. If they get sick, they go to
     a hospital and pay for it. If they don't, then who cares? It's a
     personal issue. It's nothing the government needs to worry about.
     Of course, it's that way now, basically. You take acid and have a
     bad trip, you can't say anything about it. You're not going to dare
     sue the dealer, because then you've stamped yourself as a drug user
     and you'll go to jail. In a sick way, this prohibition is forcing
     people to be responsible.
     
     NM: As for smokers...
     
     IW: Oh yeah, don't get me started. I personally loathe tobacco
     companies for lying about the effects of smoking, but that's their
     own problem. On the other hand, smokers have been warned for years
     about cancer, yet now they're suing like crazy and trying to ban
     cigarettes. C'mon, people, take responsibility for killing
     yourself. I mean, I don't like smoking, and I won't even dare do it
     recreationally, but that's my opinion. I don't have the right to
     tell someone else not to, though. But anyone under the age of forty
     shouldn't have the right to sue tobacco companies, since they've
     had the information at hand, right on the damned label, telling
     them it's a bad idea to smoke. To sue is just being too stupid to
     admit you made a mistake. It's like what would happen if people
     sued for losing the lottery!
     
     NM: I agree, although I'm slightly offended. <puffs>
     
     IW: Hell, I don't care. We're not friends.
     
     NM: Fuck you, man.
     
     IW: Yeah, bite me. <laughs>
     
     NM: Were you kidding?
     
     IW: No. But I don't think you should have taken that personally,
     because I wasn't talking about you.
     
     NM: All right. Just a second, I need a drink. Is there a vending
     machine around here?
     
     IW: Yup, go in those doors over there -- up the stairs then to the
     left. Here, get me a Coke.
     
     NM: Okay. <walks off>
     
     IW: <mutters> Who else can I alienate? <pauses> Ssh ssh sssh... ta
     ta ta... <sings> do de do, nothing's for free, do de do de do,
     nothing's for free, do de do de do, take it away, boys... da da de
     da, nothing's for free... <pauses> there's a hole in your head,
     there's a hole in your head, la la la la lee la la... shaddup.
     
     NM: <hands Nate a Coke> Here y'are. I thought they'd be more
     expensive here.
     
     IW: That's nice.
     
     NW: Back to the interview. It seems like you have a mission to save
     America's youth.
     
     IW: Eh? Oh, I see what you're talking about. I usually write about
     teenagers because I can't consider myself experienced enough with
     the adult psyche to write about it. The same goes with women,
     unfortunately. And since I'm usually thinking about political
     issues, that comes into my writing as well.
     
     Overall, I guess I do have a "mission." I sympathize with anyone
     who's growing up because society treats kids like shit. It's no fun
     to grow up, because every year is one more step toward being
     shackled into adulthood. You can't have fun when you're an adult
     unless it involves spending a lot of money or getting drunk. Adults
     know they've lost their youth and make it a point to discourage
     kids from having theirs. It's really sad. It's such divisive
     resentment.
     
     NM: I don't think that's entirely true. Judging by TV, it's
     important to be youthful.
     
     IW: Noni, look closer. Advertisements say that. They're fucking
     hypocrites. They know that kids are an important demographic
     influence on spending habits, so they want to attract kids to their
     product just for money. Materialism itself is an adult disease but
     each year it hits more and more kids as well. It's a calculated
     plan of action. Aside from that, look at how money for education
     and welfare and parks is falling. Look at the fucking youth curfews
     popping up everywhere. Adults hate kids.
     
     NM: What about gangs and guns in school? Isn't that a reason?
     
     IW: You've got to look at cause and effect. It was kids in big
     cities, neglected and bored, who started gangs. It's power. Kids
     have no power in this society; that's the only way they could get
     some. Then, the guns got into the schools. Then, they passed
     curfews. Never did they try to solve the root of the problem, which
     is sprawling urban development. Kids can't control any of these
     factors. They're just getting crushed.
     
     I may be exaggerating, because I haven't lived in a big city
     before, so I don't usually tackle such topics. My "mission" is to
     save youthfulness . That is the remedy for the anal-retentive
     materialistic hatred that adults spew.
     
     NM: So you're not an adult?
     
     IW: Not the kind I'm talking about, but I already am whether I like
     it or not. I consider myself to have adult virtues, like
     responsibility, a sense of history, and humanitarian consciousness.
     I respect people who deserve it. But I'm never going to be an
     American adult. No way.
     
     NM: Would you prefer that kids all grew up naive?
     
     IW: Oh, no way, not at all. Because that's what happened to me.
     It's too easy to topple that blissful ignorance. No, what I think
     is that kids need to know how things work, and not be fed lies.
     But, at the same time, they should never be discouraged from being
     youthful, since that's one of the only ways to prevent rampant
     cynicism. American adults are much too serious about things. It
     makes it so much easier to put things into perspective when you
     don't take everything so damned seriously.
     
     NM: I know what you mean. What sort of books do you read?
     
     IW: This year I finished a crusade to read all of Kurt Vonnegut's
     novels. That was really fun. I find a lot of similarities with his
     philosophy. He's cynical underneath, but he still has optimism.
     Reading him is taxing though. Even with the humor, it's impossible
     to miss the tone of his writing. It's so deadpan dark. There's only
     so much you can take at once.
     
     After that, Kilgore bugged me to read some Terence McKenna and a
     book called The Holographic Universe . Those were fascinating. They
     present entirely new perspectives about how reality is constructed.
     
     I recently finished Steppenwolf and Notes from Underground , which
     are where I took quotes for my stories from last month. Those
     eerily mirrored my personality at times and that was disturbing
     because I had randomly picked them out, not expecting to find what
     I did. In ethics class here I read Aristotle, Kant, and Nietzsche,
     and am working on Foucault right now. I can't begin to describe
     what those are doing to me.
     
     In my spare time, I'm reading The Language Instinct by Steven
     Pinker. It's all about language and how we construct it and
     understand it. It's particularly fascinating because I love
     language so much. It's also fun to read a book that makes me happy
     to be a person, with the gift of language.
     
     NM: You sure read a lot!
     
     IW: Look at Kilgore if you want a book-eater, Noni.
     
     NM: Oh yeah. So how does your reading work its way into your
     writing?
     
     IW: It's a very direct influence. Lately every time I read
     something, it astounds me so much that I immediately have to write
     something about it. My reading has molded my writing, as well as my
     mind. It's all very exciting. It's such a rush! I just wish classes
     were over so I could write something.
     
     NM: It's that time of year, huh?
     
     IW: Yup, it sure is. A lot of us writers are at that time of year.
     No one's going to be writing for SoB. Heads will roll.
     
     NM: While I will get a nice pat on the back for submitting such a
     long interview.
     
     IW: <looks at sky> Whoa! We've been here a while, haven't we?
     
     NM: Hell yeah, but it's been fun.
     
     IW: Thanks a lot. I've had fun talking about myself.
     
     NM: <laughs> Don't we all enjoy that. Say, anything in the works?
     
     IW: I don't usually talk about what I'm writing because that kills
     it. So, no, there's nothing in the works.
     
     NM: I see. Well, good luck. Hope to see more in the future.
     
     IW: Me too!
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "Power told is power lost."
     
                               --Zuni Indians
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     ME
     by Morrigan
     
     i sit in Physics class, tuning out the incessant droning of the
     teacher's voice. i think of my mother, who says she loves me
     dearly, whom i have abandoned by coming to school so very far away.
     i think about how delighted she is to hear from me, how she sees me
     as something so wonderful, so precious. Faced with my thoughts and
     the subtle feeling of guilt that i have been conditioned to feel, i
     write her a letter.
     
     Before i start, i painstakingly remove the mask named "student",
     returning it to its hook on the wall, being careful not to tear its
     fragile design. In its place i don the mask labeled "mother" and
     begin to write. This person is one whom i portrayed throughout my
     childhood, for the many years when i lived with my family. It is a
     person who could never break a rule, betray a trust, put herself
     before others. A portrait of the perfectly dutiful child that
     parents everywhere seem to want. Quiet and obedient, unobtrusive
     and caring. Humble. The sort of child for whom parents never set
     rules, because they trust the child completely. The sort of child
     who is so instinctively well-behaved that it needs no rules to
     conduct itself appropriately.
     
     i finish the letter and close it with an insipid quote about joy
     and families and love. The words seem wonderful to this person,
     written in a tone that would have filled most of my personae with
     overwhelming revulsion. After i address the letter and sign it, i
     once again become a student, putting my family persona back on the
     wall. i don't read the words that i have written, for they have no
     relevance for the student, focused on studies, on knowledge for no
     end.
     
     The bell rings and class ends. While gathering my books, yet again
     i switch my appearances. Now i am my social self. i stride jauntily
     out of class, with a grin on my face and light quip for a passing
     classmate. i compliment a freshman on her clothes, causing her to
     glow with pleasure. Across the lawn, i shout a greeting to one of
     my many friends. i am confident and witty, flirtatious, on top of
     the world with no path downwards.
     
     Later, at dinner, i have changed once more. i am now a
     conscientious young woman, concerned about the environment and
     politics. The faculty member's pride and joy, the model person that
     my boarding school wants all of its students to become. i am
     careful to not say anything overly offensive to anyone, yet stay
     lightly controversial, to be interesting. i have an opinion on
     everything, still remaining open minded and rational, willing to
     listen.
     
     Only once i reach the sanctuary of my room do i tenderly remove
     that countenance from my brow. Now i am the me that i reserve for
     private occasions. Bitter and cynical and sarcastic and pessimistic
     and most of all antisocial. A bored genius with no homework to do
     and no computer to play with. i sit and contemplate deep thoughts,
     thinking about space and conspiracies and the meaning of life and
     religion and weather and politics and scientific theory and the
     possibilities of the human mind and oh so many things. And then i
     ask myself the one question for which i have no answer neatly
     prepared.
     
     who am i? beneath the masks, neatly labeled and hung on their
     corresponding hooks; beneath the masks which i am never without -
     who am i? is one of the facades more true than the others? is one
     of them more false?
     
     what would happen if i wore no mask?
     
     i am too afraid to find out.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "Taking seriously -- In the great majority, the intellect is a
     clumsy, gloomy, creaking machine that is difficult to start. They
     call it ``taking the matter seriously,'' when they work with this
     machine and want to think well: how onerous they must find thinking
     well! The lovely beast, man, seems to lose its good spirits every
     time it thinks well: it becomes ``serious.'' And ``where laughter
     and gaiety are found, the quality of thought is poor'' -- that is
     the prejudice of this serious beast against all ``gay science.'' --
     Well, then, let us prove that it is a prejudice."
     
                  -- Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science 
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     DADA, NiETZSCHE, AND THE ASCETiC iDEAL
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan
     
     At the end of On the Genealogy of Morals , Nietzsche
     parenthetically proposes that the lone antagonist to the ascetic
     ideal is art, in that "the lie is sanctioned" and "the will to
     deception has a good conscience". Art's denial of Truth is its
     advantage over Christianity and science, institutions grounded in
     the ascetic ideal. In his short comment, he contrasts Plato and
     Homer as archetypal scientist and artist. This suggests that
     Nietzsche's concept of the artist stems from more ancient roots
     than the artists who were dominating Europe in his day. Indeed,
     trends as the institutionalization of art and tiptoeing advances in
     modern art suggest that the modern artists of the 1880's did not
     suggest nearly as heroic an ideal as Nietzsche would have wanted
     for the future of humanity.
     
     Thirty years after the Genealogy was published, however, an
     aspirant for Nietzsche's legacy emerged: Dada. Dada, an art
     movement, began as a protest both against World War I and the
     formalization of modern art. More precisely, Dada was an anti-art,
     or simply an "anti-" movement, devised to cripple the institutions
     of art while also challenging institutions of society. With Dada
     came the earliest and clearest answer to Nietzsche and the ascetic
     ideal.
     
                      The origin of the ascetic ideal
                                      
     
     The birth of the ascetic ideal is owed to the slave revolt in
     morality, a change in value systems most notably associated with
     the advent of Christianity. The slave revolt was an incrimination
     of the power wielded by strong "nobles," people strong in will,
     body, and character. "Priests," non- nobles with only strong minds,
     devised the concept of free will to insinuate that the nobles' use
     of power, especially against the weak, was wrong or "evil," in that
     the nobles had the choice not to use their strength. The priests
     persuaded the masses to rise against the nobles and value the
     antitheses of the noble persona -- humility, forgiveness, and
     altruism. With this successful revolt, Nietzsche said, people broke
     their ties with nature, rejecting strength, prowess, and animal
     sensuality for resentment against the strong. Indeed, the
     definition of the word "evil" was coined by slaves to define any
     noble who did not subvert his strength in deference to slaves.
     
     With such an inversion of values, people deemed themselves weak and
     their natural impulses wrong. This mindset was the precondition for
     the move into societies. In societies, one finds protection from
     the strong, and codes of behavior repress the animal instincts in
     man, both to prevent the tendency to become "evil" and the tendency
     to disrupt the stability of the society. (Obviously, the noble
     personality would not stand for any of this.) Societies, in
     allowing for organization and control of people, did have their
     benefits, which accounts for their prominence on earth.
     
     The confines of society required people to use their "weakest
     organ," reason, rather than their spontaneous animal instincts,
     like fish out of water. Nietzsche says that the human in society is
     burdened with a "leaden discomfort" at the constant judgments and
     corrections she/he is forced to make in order to properly fit in.
     With this repression of instinct, people lost the ability to
     physically cope with natural tendencies such as anger and
     aggression. Such tendencies were then turned inward upon oneself,
     creating the world of the soul, whose value is based on how
     well-repressed its owner is. Knowledge of one's deficiencies of
     self-control against animal outbursts works to create the bad
     conscience. Nietzsche sees the advent of the bad conscience as an
     startling indication that man has turned against itself, since he
     believes humans are simply glorified animals and should not aspire
     to reject their nature.
     
     The final blow, Nietzsche says, was the ascetic ideal, in that it
     answers the eternal questions, "What is life for?" and "Why do I
     suffer?" The first question was answered by religious leaders:
     "life is a series of temptations toward animal impulses that must
     be rejected; the state of the soul at death is one's key to real
     existence in heaven." The second question can no longer be answered
     by blaming the nobles; they have all but disappeared. Now the
     priests offer the answer that will keep their followers firmly in
     control: "suffering is your own fault." In Christianity, this is
     the concept of original sin. The bad conscience evolves into
     religious guilt, and the priests -- spiritual healers -- gain
     eternal tenure.
     
                    Nietzsche's call for opposing ideal
                                      
     
     In the last essay of the Genealogy , Nietzsche laments the poor
     state of man and debates whether science opposes the ascetic ideal.
     Popular opinion is that science and religion are different, since
     science does not rely on irrational spirituality to defend its
     motives, instead deriving its power from strength of fact.
     Nietzsche, however, denies that this is different from the ascetic
     ideal. In fact, both are the same at the core, in that they each
     rely on the unquestionable authority, Truth.
     
     Nietzsche's concern is that Truth is an ideal. He asks, why do
     people seek the ideal of truth? For the nobles, such an interest
     was absent, for they created truth as they saw fit, for example, in
     language: the meanings of "good" and "bad" -- therefore who
     deserves respect. The slaves had no power to create language. After
     the slave revolt, priests recreated truth from the viewpoint of
     religious guilt. To maintain power, priests interpreted "how to
     live," "what to do," "why we exist," as handed down from God. This
     knowledge is deemed Truth. However, even the move into rational
     science retained this meaning: scientific "experts" have sole right
     and privilege to discover "truths" and disseminate them to the
     masses. Instead of spiritual guidance, people adapt to scientific
     guidance.
     
     Nietzsche does not question whether science "makes sense" -- it
     satisfies rational curiosity as well as religion satisfies
     spiritual curiosity. Nietzsche wonders, what if the very basis of
     scientific knowledge -- the assumption that there is an
     unassailable truth -- collapses? Then everything people have based
     their understanding of reality is voided. Recent theories such as
     quantum mechanics and chaos theory are major upheavals in thought
     -- it is clear to see how fragile the assumption of "truth" can be.
     
                     The ineffectuality of "modern" art
                                      
     
     So, if "art" is to conquer the ascetic ideal, where does one look?
     During Nietzsche's time, modern art was becoming important. It is
     natural to assume that he might have seen the tradition-breaking
     trends of modern art as a possible adversary to the ascetic ideal.
     However, one can see that early modern art lacked the strength to
     do so.
     
     The first important years of modern art in the 1880's had come
     about due to the politicization of issues such as the declaration
     of independence from tradition and the role of artist as social
     commentator. The first modern artists rejected the classicism and
     realism which had previously dominated commercial art and strived
     to liberate themselves from its confines. By its thirtieth
     birthday, however, modern art was still taking only hesitant steps
     away from tradition. Impressionism, the first major movement in
     modernism in the 1880's, defied the strict illusionism of painting
     by breaking up images into tiny dots of color, suggesting the
     process of vision in the human eye. The subject matter was
     naturalistic, depicting hills, valleys, and sometimes street
     scenes. In the 1890's and 1900's, Van Gogh, Gaugin, and Matisse
     brought attention to the use of color, provoking the next major
     advance in art, Fauvism. Again, paintings depicted ordinary human
     subject matter or still lives. With the Cubist revolution of the
     1900's by Braque and Picasso, an effort was made to depict "four
     dimensions" in a painting by blending several different viewpoints
     of a scene on one canvas, disguising the elements of the picture by
     drawing with sharp angles and straight lines. Still, ordinary
     subject matter was at the core of the paintings.
     
     In addition to the hesitant nature of these advances toward true
     abstraction, the modern artists' oath of independence and breaking
     from tradition was further subjugated by the institutionalization
     of modern art. Although the advances of Impressionism, Fauvism, and
     Cubism had originally shocked the art world, schools were soon set
     up to teach and formalize the new methods. What courageous artists
     had invented in protest was soon reduced to fashionable art.
     
     Considering the state of modern art in the 1910's, it could only be
     a reluctant opponent to the ascetic ideal in Nietzsche's eyes.
     While artists sought to express their own truths by the way of new
     painting styles, they were as a whole still restricted by
     classicism and the backwards pull of tradition. Also, the fact that
     art had become greatly commercialized also played on the artists'
     consciences; they were unwilling to boldly assert themselves for
     fear of not being financially successful. As a result,
     "innovations" in modern art were still baby steps forward. Clearly,
     Nietzsche's mention of Homer shows that his ideal of the artist is
     much different.
     
                        Historical setting for Dada
                                      
     
     In 1916, during the tumultuous first World War, poet and artist
     refugees from France, Germany, Russia, and elsewhere converged in
     Zurich. These men and women discovered they shared disgust toward
     both their society, which would allow such a senseless war to go
     on, and toward the institution of art, which had been shackling
     their creativity in the mire of tradition and formalization. There,
     Hugo Ball, Marcel Janco, and Jean Arp organized the Cabaret
     Voltaire and put on a series of amateur poetry recitals and musical
     performances. Soon after, seeking something more effective, they
     created Dada.
     
                      Dada's roles against and for art
                                      
     
     What was Dada? It was at the core an anarchistic, nihilistic
     philosophical movement. It called for the destruction of society,
     protesting the sociopolitical conditions that led to World War I,
     and for the destruction of art, which limited their ability to
     express themselves. These demands were not unrelated. Even with the
     "shocking" advances of modern art up to that time, artists still
     faced great opposition to innovative ideas, namely, societal
     approval. So, rather than an art movement, Dada called itself an
     anti-art movement. A successful overthrow of art and society would
     allow these artists to proceed boldly forward without fear of
     reprisal. From a Nietzschean perspective, Dada's goal was to return
     art to a Dionysian state; it was clearly against the ascetic ideal.
     
     Obviously, Dada could not hope to overthrow society; however, its
     founders felt such extreme demands mirrored the insanity of the
     war. And in the style of such rampant insanity, they took action.
     
     Specifically, Dada aimed to achieve its goal through the subversion
     of tradition and of sense. Dada claimed that truth did not exist
     whatsoever, giving it the power to reject all authority. Throughout
     its short history, Dada participants used several techniques to
     express its messages. The loudest and most raucous technique was
     Dada performances. The elite in Zurich, Paris, and Berlin (to which
     Dada later spread) were attracted to announcements of exhibits and
     lectures on emerging trends in modern art. At the "lectures," Dada
     artists screamed insults at the audience. At the "exhibits," the
     artists performed nonsense dances and recited sound poetry:
     
     Dada activities... constituted a direct attack on the staid
     morality and sentiments of the public, which raged and swooned at
     such candor.... Opposites were brought together: the art-lover that
     lies hidden in every man was either outraged or forced to submit to
     so much imbecility, so much genius. A trusting and hopeful
     audience, gathered together for an art exhibit or a poetry recital,
     was insulted beyond endurance. [1] It should be understood that
     Dada was not complete nonsense. The "sound poetry," or bruitisme,
     was actually a new style of art, wherein an artist spoke in strings
     of nonsensical vowel and consonant sounds to convey a primitive and
     spiritual message. At one performance, Ball was dressed up in a
     costume resembling "some kind of Cubist High Priest", a
     brightly-colored cardboard tube with wings attached to his
     shoulders. When he came up on stage, he recited some sound poetry,
     initially to the explosive laughter and derisive applause of the
     audience. He soon found, however, his voice taking on the "age-old
     cadence of priestly lamentation, the liturgical chanting that wails
     through all the Catholic churches of East and West," [2] and his
     chanting hypnotized the audience into submission. While the costume
     provoked laughter and scorn, the intended effect of the bruitisme
     made its way through. Such juxtapositions of opposites were the
     means by which Dada was allowed to experiment: expressing new ideas
     under the guise of nonsense.
     
     Another effective technique Dadaists used was the printed word. In
     Germany, Raoul Hausmann created the magazine "Der Dada," containing
     transcripts of sound poetry, meaningless slogans, and manifestos,
     with words wildly typeset in all imaginable sizes, styles, and
     directions across the page. This "print collage" style was a new
     technique, boldly appropriating and expanding on the stylistic
     painting collage of Cubism.
     
                        Dada's role against society
                                      
     
     Throughout the movement from 1916 to 1924, however, the clearest
     points Dada made were through its various writers' manifestos.
     While manifestos for earlier art movements where used to announce a
     new school of painting or literature, Dada used them to deny that
     it was an art movement at all. In fact, through its manifestos it
     made its clearest political messages. Herein one finds more clear
     ties to Nietzsche's philosophy.
     
     Hugo Ball, one of the core leaders of Dada, was in fact a devote of
     Nietzsche. In the university he wrote "A Polemical Treatise in
     Defense of Nietzsche" as his dissertation. Ball didn't complete his
     schooling, but did continue working on the dissertation afterwards.
     Ball was engrossed with Nietzsche's "dionysiac theory of art" and
     his sympathy with the philosopher indicates the clearest roots of
     Dada, both philosophically and artistically:
     
     Ball not only agreed with Nietzsche's contention that society could
     be regenerated only through a return to the forces of instinct and
     emotion and a repudiation of Socratic rationalism, but, perhaps
     even more important, was sympathetic to the iconoclastic
     philosopher's call for a revolt against traditional morality and a
     denunciation of the Church, the state, and any other external
     authority which might interfere with individual freedom. [3] Hugo
     Ball and Jean Arp, in the periodical "Dada" and elsewhere, wrote
     rabid and often nonsensical manifestos to promote Dada's agenda. In
     retrospect, Arp wrote:
     
     Dada aimed to destroy the reasonable deceptions of man and recover
     the natural and unreasonable order. Dada wanted to replace the
     logical nonsense of the men of today by the illogically senseless.
     That is why we pounded with all our might on the big drum of Dada
     and trumpeted the praises of unreason. [4] Quick to join the
     movement after its conception was Tristan Tzara, who best expressed
     Dada in his numerous manifestos. An excerpt from "Dada Manifesto
     1918" demonstrates this:
     
     Dada; knowledge of all the means rejected up until now by the
     shamefaced sex of comfortable compromise and good manners: Dada;
     abolition of logic, which is the dance of those impotent to create:
     Dada; of every societal hierarchy and equation set up for the sake
     of values by our valets: Dada...; abolition of memory: Dada...;
     abolition of the future: Dada; absolute and unquestionable faith in
     every god that is the immediate product of spontaneity: Dada... [5]
     Both excerpts strongly echo Nietzsche, who believed that reason and
     logic, man's "weakest organ[s]", had replaced man's natural animal
     playfulness and instinct. Neither Tzara nor Arp is directly linked
     to Nietzsche in Dada anthologies, however, although one must assume
     that Nietzsche's influence was felt in the academic community at
     the time.
     
     In avidly calling for the abolition of logic and sense, Dada
     thereby promoted the destruction of truth. Dada called for people
     to rely on instinct, spontaneity, and playfulness, hoping to
     reshape the minds of people who protested their ultra-rational but
     senseless world and who had no clear means by which to change it.
     Therein Dada attempted to jolt people away from their reliance on
     reason and truth, seeing clearly that such continued reliance would
     only breed more confusion.
     
                            Where is Dada today?
                                      
     
     In 1923 the members of the Dada movement lost momentum. News of
     their trademark performances had spread around Europe and were no
     longer shocking. Also, members started to fight among themselves,
     an inevitable clash of egos. The philosophical side of Dada had
     stagnated; but on the other hand, artists who had been part of the
     movement, such as Andre Breton, Francis Picabia, Marcel Duchamp,
     each found success in artistic innovation. Importantly, each had
     turned to abstractionism, in poetry, music, theater, painting, and
     sculpture, meaning these artists had lived up to Dada's artistic
     aim to progress beyond traditional limitations. Breton later
     introduced Surrealism, suggesting that one of the twentieth
     century's most interesting movements has its roots in Dada as well.
     [6]
     
     Although the original movement had withered away, Dadaist ideals
     proved their timelessness, re-emerging strongly for brief periods
     after World War II and in the 1960's. (It is no accident that Dada
     has coincided with tumultuous events in recent history.) The
     invention of Abstract Expressionism, Pop Art, and Happenings are
     attributed to these "Neo-Dadas."
     
     In each case, including its birth, Dada has receded into the
     background shortly after a flurry of activity. By nature it is a
     short-lived movement, requiring the collective energies of many
     people to organize and make noise; therefore, it is also taxing.
     Also, Dada calls for its own destruction, or as Nietzsche would
     say, it is "self-overcoming." Dada never wanted to be an "- ism,"
     relegated to a formal school of art. Indeed, by definition there is
     no art style called "Dadaism;" although artistic innovations have
     sprung from it, these were pursued independently. Dada is more
     properly a philosophical movement, raising eyebrows and
     consciousness wherever it pops up.
     
     The Dadaist ideal has left strong impressions on our culture, both
     through its artistic contributions and its philosophical ties with
     Nietzsche. Perhaps this is how Nietzsche's ideal of art will most
     naturally work to revolutionize our society -- through Dada, both
     in its short loud bursts of activity and in its lingering effects.
     In a culture so strongly dependent on rationality and truth, such
     gradual change is probably the best Nietzsche could have hoped for.
     
                                 Footnotes
                                      
     
     [1] Georges Hugnet, "The Dada Spirit in Painting," appearing in
     Dada Painters
     and Poets , p. 131
     
     [2] Grossman, p. 118
     
     [3] Grossman, p. 50
     
     [4] Jean Arp, appearing in Dada Painters and Poets , p. 25
     
     [5] Tristan Tzara, "Dada Manifesto 1918," appearing in Dada
     Painters and
     Poets , p. 81
     
     [6] Hans Richter says in Dada Art and Anti-Art , p. 194:
     "Surrealism devoured
     and digested Dada. Similar cannibalistic methods are by no means
     rare in
     history, and as Surrealism had a strong digestion, the qualities of
     the
     devoured were transferred to the invigorated body of the survivor.
     So be it!"
     
     
                                Bibliography
                                      
     
     Grossman, Manuel L. Dada: Paradox, Mystification, and Ambiguity in
     European
     Literature . New York: Pegasus, 1971.
     Lippiard, Lucy R., ed. Dadas on Art . New Jersey: Prentice-Hall,
     1971.
     Motherwell, Robert, ed. Dada Painters and Poets: An Anthology , 2nd
     ed.,
     Boston, Mass.: G.K. Hall, 1981.
     Nietzsche, Friedrich. On the Genealogy of Morals . Trans. Walter
     Kaufmann
     and R.J. Hollingdale. New York: Random House, 1967.
     Richter, Hans. Dada Art and Anti-Art . Germany: Thames and Hudson,
     1965.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                             [=- POETASTRiE -=]
                                      
   
   "The poets? They stink. They write badly. They're idiots you see,
   because the strong people don't write poetry.... They become hitmen
   for the Mafia. The good people do the serious jobs."
   
                             --Charles Bukowski
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     AD HOMiNEM
     by Kilgore Trout
     
     fuck you.
     you're an idiot.
     yeah, i'm talking to you.
     you're an idiot.
     i'm not attacking your ideas.
     i'm just gonna beat your face in.
     i don't care what you think.
     i just don't like the way you look.
     dumbass.
     
     (works better live, i'm sure. use in hipster, pretentious coffee
     joints during cool scene teen poetry slams. involve the audience.
     either that, or read poems in russian. now you see why i write
     fiction...)
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                              [=- FiCTiON -=]
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     POiSONPEN
     by CJ Hooknose
     
     I crouched in the shadowed depths of an ocean of night, letting its
     tides wash over me and carry me wherever they would. The
     streetlights were sullen fireflies fighting pointless battles
     against the murk. A few shaggy young men stumbled down the side
     streets, belching and furtively pissing in the bushes. I didn't
     care. I just waited, patient and silent as my old friend the
     serpent, the solitary traffic light gleaming furtively off my
     knife.
     
     Most everyone had forgotten me. Anyone who still remembered called
     me Poisonpen. It wasn't completely accurate, but I liked it all the
     same. Always did have a weakness for literary allusions, especially
     the dark and nasty kind. They fit. It's my job to make things fit.
     It's more difficult than you think.
     
     Take the wind, for example. It was cold, too damn cold and sneaking
     down the front of my trenchcoat if I did so much as breathe. And
     breathing is such a difficult habit to break. I ignored the wind as
     much as possible and watched the sidewalk. College students and the
     people around them were more chaotic in their lives and habits than
     ordinary folk, which sometimes interfered with my schedule. Those
     who believed and lived a world of random events and impulses
     reacted... differently when one of those impulses reached out and
     bit them. It was all part of the game, but all the same, it
     interfered with the aesthetic pleasure I took in my work.
     
     Of course, someone had to do it, even on a night like this. It was
     such a dismal, desolate, cold and dark thing, with mucky slush and
     water slopped everywhere. Dog shit rotted on the sidewalk, and
     faraway cars growled through the snow--it almost made me want to
     write bad poetry.
     
     That awful urge passed as I looked down the street. A woman was
     approaching from the south. The old familiar heat coursed through
     me. Casually, without even meaning to, I pulled out my knife and
     began to stroke its edge. A quick glance as she came closer told me
     all I needed to know. The woman was Nicole, someone I knew almost
     too well. I'd seen her a million times in the daylight, as she was
     walking or laughing with her friends or lounging in the green space
     on the Quad. I had her marked and watched, and she never seemed to
     notice. Of course, I would have been surprised if she had--I was
     nothing, invisible as the wind and less than a face in the crowd.
     
     "Not very smart, girl. A coed was raped and strangled a few blocks
     from here three weeks ago. Don't you know enough not to walk alone
     late at night?" I muttered to myself Not that I minded, of
     course... it would make everything so much easier.
     
     Nicole was more careful than she seemed at first glance. I knew she
     wasn't reckless, which was part of the reason I'd chosen her. She
     walked briskly, confidently, as if she were in full daylight
     instead of these dim times when things were about. Every so often,
     she looked behind her and to both sides, and then her long brown
     hair caught what little light there was. It was attractive--hell,
     she was attractive, though that was neither here nor there. I knew
     drag queens who would kill for those dark, smoky eyes, and she
     moved with an unconscious grace that not even the uneven slush
     underfoot could spoil. I guessed she had just come from a party, as
     she was wearing a short black skirt under her leather jacket. It
     was almost too bad her carefree life would have to end. Why did she
     have to have so much talent? But no, she had to put herself in
     harm's way by picking up a pen and tasting the heady power of
     words....
     
     Nicole walked past the alley, her breath steaming out in delicate
     feathers. I seamlessly slid up behind her. I crept into position
     and was on the verge of striking out when the flutter of wings
     directly above startled me. Dammit! I looked up, scared past all
     reasoning for a second. If they had found me... but I relaxed as
     soon as I saw it was only a restless pigeon. I knew I shouldn't be
     so on edge--after all, I'd done this twenty times before. Of
     course, the interruption had broken my timing, and Nicole was too
     far away. I gritted my teeth and advanced carefully, picking my way
     through the icy crusts winter had left on the sidewalk.
     
     Nicole walked on a little more quickly, breaking the unconscious
     rhythm she had before. I could have made some noise, after all...
     it would ruin everything if she looked behind her now, that was for
     sure. I knew it had to be soon, soon or never, as she was almost to
     the street corner and only a block from the dorms on Douglas
     Street.
     
     I thumbed the knife's edge. It was sharp as the north wind. I moved
     silently, invisibly, behind her again. I needed to get it done in
     one swift slice, so Nicole would never know what hit her until it
     was too late. It had to be soon, and it had to be in the cold and
     lonely dark--anything else would spoil the artistry. Others I'd
     heard of made their victims suffer, and some even worked in public,
     but I was a rare breed of perfectionist. I had pride, and as a
     result, my work was true art. If certain elements didn't appreciate
     it, that was their problem.
     
     Everything fell silent as Nicole approached the crosswalk. The
     traffic light flashed dumbly for the benefit of no one at all.
     Nicole stepped off the curb. I coiled up, waiting for the perfect
     moment, feeling the adrenaline rush and the mounting joy. I tensed
     and counted silently... 3... 2... 1... now! As Nicole's foot
     slipped in the slush, she stumbled, and I sprang, knife upraised
     and snapping forward. Nicole turned involuntarily at the last
     moment, probably more out of surprise at slipping than anything
     else. In that instant, she looked directly at me. She was beautiful
     at that moment, as beautiful as anything I have ever seen. Her last
     expression was not quite fear or shock, but a vast puzzlement as
     the knife slid home. It was all over in a second. She fell forward,
     eyes dark and muscles slack.
     
     "Perfect," I said with a smack of satisfaction. I let go of the
     knife, leaving it jammed into the soft flesh under her jaw. Not the
     best place to leave it, but it was necessary... to make things fit.
     I turned and loped back, casually confident and pleased with a job
     well done. My drift into the cool dark night halted abruptly when
     the red and blue lights began to howl.
     
     "Freeze!" a voice shouted from the street. The noise upset the
     pigeons, who took off and flapped and hooted in a great mass. I
     ran, heedless of the lights, shouts, and sirens. Surrender was
     unthinkable. It had been going so well... and how had they even
     known? I had always been careful, covering my tracks, keeping low,
     and now this had to go and happen. I wished I'd brought more
     knives.
     
     The police car screeched to a halt in front of a small Chinese
     restaurant. Two cops jumped out, waving pistols and shouting. I
     braced for the unthinkable, yet the cops... ran inside the
     restaurant.
     
     Something wasn't quite right here.
     
     "Freeze, dammit!" another, smaller voice shouted from directly
     overhead. I did as I was told, more out of curiosity than anything
     else. The sound of flapping wings gradually grew louder as one
     pigeon descended into view. But since when did pigeons carry
     flaming swords in their beaks? I realized what had happened, and
     fear and chagrin roiled up in a sick wave inside me.
     
     "All right, Poisonpen. You coming along quietly, or what?" the
     pigeon squawked in a weary voice.
     
     "What? The cops... what about the cops?" I jabbered, pointing at
     the police car. "What about em? Just coincidence a secular crime
     happened right in front of us." The pigeon tried to grin. "Now
     what'd you do to the girl?"
     
     I gave the pigeon a flinty stare. "I refuse to answer any questions
     without a lawyer present." With luck, if I could distract him, I
     could get away.
     
     "Nice try. I saw everything that happened. Backup'll be here any
     second. A GL-202 Satanophonic Idea Knife, wasn't it? She'll wake up
     with a headache and a new theory of particle physics or something.
     Never happy unless you're stirring up trouble, are you, you
     sonofabitch?" The pigeon swaggered forward, nearly brushing me with
     its sword.
     
     "No! Nothing like that, I swear! You've heard of Dostoevsky? Arthur
     Miller? H.P. Lovecraft?" The pigeon snorted in contempt. Cops have
     no respect for the classics. "All my work. Everything. It's...."
     
     "Can it," the cop hissed, brushing me with the flaming sword. Pain
     shot through me, and I buckled to the ground with a heavy splat.
     "We've got our own PR going now. Seen a bookstore lately?"
     
     "So that's where all those damned books about angels came from...."
     I croaked into the slush.
     
     Before I could follow that thought any further, the sky fell in and
     two huge, white-winged forms fell in with it. They were not happy.
     
     They took off with me pinned solidly between them. As we rose into
     the sky, I saw Nicole stagger to her feet. She brushed idly at her
     throat, dislodging the Idea Knife, and then looked upward. She
     must've caught a glimpse of something, because I faintly heard her
     say, "Ohmigod! I've just seen angels."
     
     And instead of the poignant, powerful, and thought-provoking novel
     about urban life that I'd planted, she wrote some piece of tripe
     called "Messengers From Beyond: One Woman's Story."
     
     At least it made the bestseller lists.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "The dumber people think you are, the more surprised they're going
     to be when you kill them."
     
                             --William Clayton
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     REQUiEM OF A DYING BOY
     by Kilgore Trout
     
                                  PROLOGUE
                                      
     
     This hotel room will be the last thing I see for the rest of my
     natural life. Things have taken a bad turn for me, things which I
     never anticipated happening. I thought I had it all planned out,
     that I had foreseen every single problem that might come my way.
     Unfortunately, I was wrong. Now I'm just waiting for the police to
     show up.
     
     I'm not really sure why I was so obsessed with her anymore. Maybe
     it was just desperation on my part. I don't remember half of the
     things I've done in the past six months, and that scares me. Holing
     up in this hotel room has really brought reality's ugly head
     crashing down. If I knew that I would be sitting in a Motel 6
     wrapped up in faded green sheets waiting for my demise, I'm not so
     sure that I would have committed the actions that have made up my
     entire existence for half of a year. The three weapons sitting on
     the bed don't make my situation any better, either.
     
     But that doesn't really matter too much anymore. I've gone past the
     point of being able to say, "I'm sorry" and have all the people who
     despise me forget about this whole episode. Forgiveness is not an
     option anymore. If they catch me, they'll hang me for my crimes.
     
     I'd rather go out fighting. That's just the type of guy I am.
     
     I've tried to take my mind off what is going to happen to me, but
     nothing seems to help. At four in the afternoon, all that's on
     television are talk shows and disreputable newsmagazines depicting
     the messed-up lives of people who are almost as messed-up as I am.
     I've got one thing still going for me. I'm still sane, and that,
     too, scares me.
     
     Whenever I picked up a newspaper and read about some psycho killing
     ten people in a fast food joint, I figured that he would have to be
     insane to do the horrendous acts that he committed. I always
     thought that for a sane man to murder someone, he would have to
     contain within himself a great deal of animosity and hate towards
     the person he wanted dead. Sure, men kill men all the time in war,
     but they are doing it for their country, so it can't be wrong,
     right? And cops kill criminals, but they are doing it to protect
     the public. I guess when they come and shoot me down, they'll be
     doing the public a big favor by eliminating a danger to their
     fragile society. Not that I personally like the idea, mind you, but
     I can see that I would probably want to do the same in their shoes.
     
     Now, after having been through the worst six months of my life, I'm
     not so sure that I understand myself as clearly as I once did. I
     never would have thought that I could ever bring myself to kill
     another man, and I was right about that.
     
     I killed a woman.
     
                                CHAPTER ONE
                                      
     
                                     1.
                                      
     
     The bed was old and sweaty. A fan slowly stirred the stagnant air
     around the small bedroom, yet it was a futile attempt to cool off
     the room. Zach lay in the bed, barely asleep. His damp hair was
     matted to the sweat-stained pillow. Zach's mouth opened and closed
     intermittently like a dying fish's, gasping to take in any cool air
     that he could. A half-empty tea glass sat on the broken stereo
     speaker beside his bed, a once cool and refreshing drink now turned
     hot and rancid.
     
     Zach slowly awoke from his shallow slumber, his closed eyes now
     narrow slits. He moaned and swung his feet off the bed, raising
     himself into a sitting position. Zach ran a hand down his bare
     chest, showering his thighs with cold sweat. As he stood, a
     coughing fit overtook him, and he hacked up a ball of phlegm in his
     mouth, which he promptly spit on the carpet. Taking his left foot,
     he rubbed the spit into the carpet with his heel.
     
     The light switch evaded Zach's grasp, but he finally managed to
     flick it on. The swift illumination of the room caused his pupils
     to shrink down to small, black holes. He walked into the bathroom,
     still half-asleep, and stared at his pathetic reflection in the
     mirror.
     
     Zach wasn't bad looking, just unkempt. His black hair fell to his
     shoulders in wispy strands. The pale skin that covered his body
     didn't look so bad in the bathroom due to the soft lighting. He
     never tanned during the summer, just peeled. He ran his hand across
     his face, feeling his rough, unshaven skin. Zach sighed and turned
     away, as he did every morning.
     
     He stepped into the shower and turned on the faucet, feeling relief
     as the icy water resurrected him from the dead.
     
                                     2.
                                      
     
     A box of Frosted Flakes was the only appetizing thing that Zach
     could find in the pantry for breakfast. He poured some into a bowl
     and replaced the box back on its shelf.
     
     Zach peered into the refrigerator and dug behind last night's
     leftover meatloaf to get to the milk. He checked the expiration
     date on the side of the carton. May 27. Today was May 27, and Zach
     let out a grunt of disappointment as he put the milk back into the
     refrigerator. He had a rule of never drinking milk on or after its
     expiration date, even though his mother said that the date was just
     to tell stores when to stop selling it. Zach didn't trust his
     mother too much.
     
     He sat down at the kitchen table and began to eat his Frosted
     Flakes. Today's paper was sitting on the table, as it was every
     morning. For every day since he could remember, his mother had
     always brought in the morning paper for his father before she left
     for work. Now, since his father had died of cancer four years ago,
     she did it out of habit.
     
     The rubber band holding the paper closed was blue. It was always
     blue. Zach had wondered why the newspaper only used blue rubber
     bands. Maybe they got a special discount to use the colored bands,
     or the owner had holdings in some company that manufactured the
     blue rubber bands. Whatever the reason, Zach was pretty sure that
     one of the signs of the apocalypse would be the morning when he
     would get a newspaper with a real rubber band around it.
     
     The newspaper opened as Zach rolled the rubber band off and threw
     it in the trash can. He used to keep them to see how many he could
     collect, figuring that blue rubber bands wouldn't be very common.
     After he had a whole desk drawer full of them, however, he decided
     it was time to stop.
     
     Zach didn't really bother reading the articles in detail. After
     all, they were just variations on murder, scandals, and world
     problems. He flipped through the pages mindlessly, scanning the
     headlines and stopping only to read a few articles while slowly
     eating dry cereal.
     
     After the bowl was exhausted of its contents, Zach stood up from
     the kitchen table and washed his bowl out in the sink. He threw the
     paper in the wastebasket and left for school.
     
                                     3.
                                      
     
     The parking lot was full of automobiles as Zach pulled into the
     high school parking lot. His Seiko watch said he had twenty minutes
     until first period began, so he turned off the engine and waited
     for Julie.
     
     He scanned the people filing into the building, but his girlfriend
     was nowhere to be seen. The interior of his car began to heat up
     after a few moments, so he rolled the driver's side window down to
     let in some fresh air. A hot gust of wind collided against his
     face, but it was better than no breeze at all.
     
     After ten minutes of waiting, Zach still had seen no sign of her.
     She was very late today, but it wasn't unusual for Julie to
     oversleep. Still, he always felt that a day started off badly when
     he and Julie did not get to see each other before school started.
     He decided to wait another five minutes.
     
                                     4.
                                      
     
     Mrs. Jackson began the lecture on the Watergate scandal, but Zach's
     mind was focused elsewhere. Julie hadn't shown up this morning, and
     Zach had no idea where she could be. She always called him in the
     morning if she wasn't going to make it to school, so Zach had
     started to worry if something might have happened to her.
     
     The idea that Julie might be hurt scared Zach. She was the only
     thing that he really loved. Before they had met, he had no real
     direction in life. He was always causing trouble at school,
     vandalizing the bathrooms and fighting for no real reason other
     than to just see how badly he could hurt someone.
     
     Julie was his savior from that lifestyle. She had given him
     something to live for, something to cherish. Under her wing, he had
     slowly broken ties with his old friends, the ones he had hung
     around with just because there was no other group who would take
     him in. It had been a long process, and a painful one, too. His old
     buddies had given him a hard time, telling him that he was going
     soft and letting some girl control him. Zach knew differently after
     seeing his friends' true faces unmasked, but a part of him still
     did not want to let go of the people he had known for so long. It
     took a great deal of Zach's willpower to hang up his old way of
     life, yet he knew that if he did not change, he would lose the only
     meaningful thing that had ever come into his life.
     
     Zach was lucky to have made such a "fine catch," as his old friends
     would have called Julie. Under normal circumstances, the chances of
     a guy with the reputation of Zach's and a girl considered as
     popular as Julie were practically nil. She was very pretty, just on
     the underlying side of gorgeous. Her long, brown hair stopped just
     beneath her shoulders, the curls rising and falling in a chaotic
     manner. Most people at the school were very surprised, some jealous
     and some horrified, that these two completely different people from
     opposite positions in society could be dating. And even though Zach
     received a lot of flak from his friends, it was Julie who took most
     of the heat.
     
     If Zach thought that it was annoying to be harassed by a few
     friends, then he didn't fully understand the taunting Julie had
     been through. On the day after their first date, Laura Anderson,
     one of Julie's best friends, cornered her in one of the hallways.
     
     "Hey, Julie! There's been some rumor going around that you went out
     with Zach Dillard," she said.
     
     "Oh, really?" Julie asked, giving her friend a surprised look.
     
     "Yeah," Laura answered. "Do you have any idea who would want to get
     back at you by doing something like that?"
     
     Julie looked her friend straight in the eyes. This was the first
     test of her relationship with Zach. She had known things like this
     would happen if she went out with him, but she thought that she was
     prepared for these types of situations. Now, she wasn't so sure,
     but there wasn't much she could do about it.
     
     "Laura, that's not a rumor," she stated. "It's true."
     
     Laura Anderson's days were usually uneventful. She had a good life,
     good friends, and little hardship. Her biggest worries had to do
     with what she was going to wear and where she was going to go on
     the weekend. Julie's admission sent her whole, stable world away.
     Her face became red, and she couldn't think of what to say. She
     just stood there, stammering for words. "How could you?" were the
     only things that escaped her lips.
     
     Now it was Julie's turn to get red-faced. She knew her friends
     wouldn't be totally accepting of Zach at first, but she did not
     think that they would be angry at her. Disappointed, maybe, but not
     angry.
     
     "What do you mean, 'How could you?'" Julie yelled a little too
     loudly. A few heads in the hall turned, and someone screamed, "Cat
     fight!" Julie put her hand on her forehead and tried to calm
     herself down.
     
     "Look," she said, trying to control her raging emotions. "I don't
     want to discuss this here, but it's my choice and my life, and you
     don't have any right to condemn my actions."
     
     A small crowd had begun to form around the two girls, hoping to see
     two girls claw each other until the principals arrived. Fights
     among boys were no big deal at the school, but fighting among girls
     was considered a special treat to behold. Julie walked off, leaving
     Laura standing in confusion and disbelief.
     
     Zach had never seen this nor any of the other episodes that Julie
     had to endure. He assumed that the same kinds of things that
     happened to him were happening to her as well, but he had no idea
     of the magnitude of the situation. Julie was on a first-name basis
     with practically everyone in their senior class, and she had hoards
     of good friends. During the next few days after their first date,
     her school life consisted of going to class and telling people that
     she was, in fact, going out with Zach.
     
     Nine months later, though, the gossiping finally diminished. People
     came to accept their relationship, even though most thought it was
     a mistake. He still received some hateful stares from Julie's close
     friends when he was by himself, but when they were together,
     nothing major ever really happened.
     
     Zach considered all of this behind him now. In four more days they
     would graduate from this small-town high school and be off at
     college, where they wouldn't have to deal with all of the cold
     stares and talk behind their backs.
     
     The bell rang, and Zach gathered his books up. He left the class,
     wondering exactly where Julie was.
     
                                     5.
                                      
     
     The school cafeteria buzzed with life and laughter. Students ate
     and talked, enjoying their break from the monotonous school day.
     Zach sat at a table by himself, gnawing on a buttered roll. He
     mindlessly listened to the inane conversations of a group of
     freshmen sitting at the table next to him. Their talk consisted
     mostly of how they were ready for summer so they could sleep in.
     
     A hand tapped Zach's shoulder. He looked up and saw Laura towering
     over him. She had never really liked him, primarily because he was
     with Julie more than she was. Her resentment of him still blazed in
     her eyes even though she was smiling. She always smiled when she
     talked to Zach, no matter what the topic of conversation happened
     to be. Zach guessed she was afraid of him, and he was correct.
     
     Laura thought that Julie made the biggest mistake of her life when
     she started dating Zach. She had always seen Zach as a creep and
     low-life degenerate, and nothing, even the fact that he was dating
     her best friend, could ever change her mind. Her fear of Zach also
     added greatly to her dislike of him, as she had seen him take down
     guys twice his size with no effort at all. She feared that if she
     got on his bad side, she would end up with a broken jaw.
     
     "Hi, Zach," she said, trying to sound cheerful. "Do you know where
     Julie is?"
     
     Zach shook his head. "I haven't the slightest idea." He took
     another bite of the roll and dropped it on the table.
     
     "Oh. Well, do you know where she might be?"
     
     "My guess is that she is at home," Zach said coldly. "She didn't
     call me this morning, so I have no clue where she is."
     
     Julie's best friend stared at Zach for a minute. He was Julie's
     boyfriend. How could he not know where she was? Didn't he care
     enough about her to find out where she might be?
     
     "So, you don't know where she is?" Laura asked redundantly.
     
     Zach shot her a cold stare and picked up the roll again. He tore a
     piece off, put it in his mouth and chewed on it, ignoring Laura.
     
     "Hello, Zach? Are you gonna answer me or not?"
     
     "Look, Laura, I don't keep a leash on Julie," Zach angrily said.
     "If I say I don't know where she is, then I don't. It's not like I
     have total control over what she does. Do you think I keep tab on
     her at all times? I don't sit outside her window all night to make
     sure she doesn't leave when we don't go out. I don't--"
     
     "Okay, okay. You've made your point. Sorry." Laura turned away and
     stormed off. He watched her walk down the hallway until she was out
     of sight. If he saw her again today, Zach felt sure that he would
     punch her.
     
                                     6.
                                      
     
     A violent temper was something that Zach always had. It got him
     into trouble with his mother, his teachers, and a lot of students
     who annoyed Zach. And yet, amazing as it sounds, he never harbored
     one violent thought against Julie. They had been through a number
     of fights, but things that would normally set Zach off never did
     when he was around her.
     
     He had never understood why this was. Zach had pondered this enigma
     many times, but no answer had ever been revealed to him. In
     reality, however, the answer was quite simple. Julie had Zach
     wrapped around her finger, or, more precisely, Zach had wrapped
     himself up around her. He had become very dependent on her for his
     emotional and psychological needs. Whenever Julie was not around,
     Zach felt depressed and unwanted.
     
     Julie never became aware of this, and even at the end of their
     relationship, she had a hard time coming to the realization of just
     how much he needed her to survive. During the times that they were
     together or talked on the phone, Zach acted normally, and no one
     could have guessed that after their dates or talks on the phone he
     would sit in his room and just stare at the stucco walls for hours.
     His only waking thoughts were of Julie.
     
                                     7.
                                      
     
     The phone nested by Zach's ear rang for the fourteenth time. His
     index finger felt cramped from redialing her number for the past
     hour. If she wasn't at home, then where was she? This was the first
     time during their entire relationship that he did not know of her
     whereabouts. Contrary to what he told Laura, he did keep track of
     Julie when they weren't together. He always knew where she was
     "just in case I need to get in touch with you." But now, he had
     absolutely no clue.
     
     A ball of rage started to build in the back of his throat as he
     depressed the reset button on the phone and dialed again. His fear
     had ballooned into anger and desperation. The phone rang another
     two minutes before he slammed it down into its cradle.
     
     Zach stretched out on his bed and put his hands over his face. He
     fought to struggle a scream that welled up in his belly. The one
     thing that he loved was lost, and he did not know where to start
     looking.
     
     He pulled his hands away and looked up. The room was hazy and
     started to spin. The ceiling seemed close enough to reach out and
     touch. Crawling off of the bed, he slowly made his way to the
     bathroom where he bowed to the porcelain god and vomited. It did
     not make him feel any better. Zach propped himself up against the
     bathroom wall, his hands pushing against the cold tile floor. He
     wiped his mouth with his arm, leaving a brown residue. Zach lowered
     his head between his knees and wept.
     
                                CHAPTER TWO
                                      
     
                                     1.
                                      
     
     The shrill noise of the telephone ringing reverberated throughout
     the house. Zach stretched out from the fetal position he had been
     lying in and attempted to stand. He propped himself against the
     bathroom door as the phone continued to ring. The carpet cushioned
     his feet as his stiff legs carried him into his room. The phone sat
     on the mahogany desk, daring him to answer. Did he really want to
     talk to her? Was he in the right frame of mind to speak with Julie
     without blowing up on her? Zach grabbed the phone and held it up to
     his mouth. "Hello?" he heard himself asking.
     
     The monotone sound of a dialtone scornfully laughed at him. His
     mouth tightened as he grimaced in disgust. Zach knew it was her. It
     had to be her. He kicked himself mentally for falling asleep in the
     bathroom. Being strong was one of Zach's better character traits,
     or so he thought. Now, holding a lifeless telephone and feeling
     miserable, he felt like a child. The sound of the phone changed to
     a series of annoying beeps, electronic instructions ordering Zach
     to hang up the phone. Both Zach's mind and body were frozen, and
     only one word circled through his confused mind.
     
     Helpless.
     
                                     2.
                                      
     
     When Zach was eight years old, his father beat him for the first
     and only time. He had found a box of matches in one of the kitchen
     drawers and headed into the backyard with a handful of napkins as
     fuel.
     
     He seated himself on a swing hanging from a tree and stared at the
     matchbook, trying to recall how "Howling Mad" Murdock had lit
     matches the night before on The A-Team. Before he successfully got
     one of the matches flaming, though, his father came home from work.
     Zach, enticed by the prospect of fire, never noticed him coming
     into the backyard.
     
     "Hey, son, what are you doing?" his father asked. The caring
     expression on the face of his father soon changed into one of both
     fear and anger as he realized what his son was trying to do.
     
     "Put those down now!" he yelled, running towards Zach. When his son
     still had not dropped the matches, he hit his son on the chest,
     knocking Zach off the swing. Zach landed on the ground with a thud,
     scattering napkins all around him.
     
     "Don't you know that these things aren't toys?" his father
     screamed. "Don't you know you could hurt yourself?"
     
     Sobbing emerged from Zach's motionless body. The blow had knocked
     the wind out of him. He tried moving around some, but it took too
     much effort. His father stepped forward and pulled Zach to his
     feet.
     
     "Son, I'm very disappointed in you," he scolded as he undid his
     belt. "I'm going to have to punish you for this."
     
     Zach's crying decreased into a whimper as he tried to tell his
     father that he was sorry. His pleading did not do any good,
     however.
     
     "Zach, you know that this hurts me more than it hurts you," his
     father rationalized. "I'm only doing this because I love you."
     
     His father doubled the belt up and swung, landing the blow squarely
     on Zach's buttocks. Tears flowed from Zach's eyes, but he did not
     cry. He was too weak to make a sound.
     
     The beating lasted for a few more minutes, the belt hitting Zach on
     his back and legs as well. His father was too filled with rage to
     take careful aim. Zach remained standing throughout the entire
     ordeal.
     
     Finally, his father dropped the belt on the ground. "I hope you've
     learned your lesson, son. Remember that this was for your own good.
     Now, go wash up and I'll treat you to some ice cream. Okay?"
     
     Zach slowly nodded, still facing away from his father. After a
     couple of seconds and having made sure his dad was gone, he turned
     around and slowly limped back into the house. His skin burned as he
     took each step, the heat from the redness rising through his
     clothes. The tears on his face had dried up, and his eyes stung
     from the absence of moisture.
     
     To this day, Zach still did not understand the words his father had
     spoken as he whipped him with the belt. What did the words "I love
     you" have to do with beating one's own son? This paradox of actions
     forever changed the way he viewed those three words, and he vowed
     never to say them unless he truly meant it. To say those words
     without feeling was to defile all the emotion and love that they
     were supposed to convey.
     
     At the Baskin-Robbins, his father watched him eat every bite of his
     ice cream. The chocolate tasted cold and sweet, flavored with his
     father's bitter love.
     
                                     3.
                                      
     
     The ten o'clock news blared from the television set. Zach's mother
     sat on the couch, reading one of the numerous tabloid magazines she
     gets when she goes to the grocery store. As Zach walked through the
     living room to the kitchen, he smirked to himself as he noted the
     headline about aliens abducting a midwestern farmer's cat.
     
     He opened a cabinet, pulled out a glass, and filled it with water.
     The tabloids had always amazed Zach because people actually read
     them and believed them. Whenever he did pick up one of his mom's
     tabloid's, it was just to get a good laugh and not because he was
     looking for reputable news. Still, Zach thought it would be funny
     if the tabloids actually did print the truth and everything else
     was a lie. He laughed again as pictures of flying saucers and
     three-headed cows ran through his mind.
     
     Back in his room, Zach flopped down on his bed and turned on his
     stereo. A loud buzz emanated from the broken speaker while the
     other one came to life with the sound of the Dead Kennedys.
     
     The phone still sat silent on his desk. By now, Zach had given up
     on getting in touch with Julie tonight. He was angry and worried at
     the same time, yet his anger was slowly overpowering him. As the
     night grew longer, his desire to talk to Julie diminished. Maybe in
     the morning he would feel better. Sleep always seemed to be the
     best remedy for all of his troubles.
     
                                     4.
                                      
     
     The night air played with Julie's hair as she sat on the hood of
     her car. Her phone had been ringing constantly all afternoon, but
     she feared that it might be Zach. Actually, she was positive that
     Zach was the one who had been making the majority of the phone
     calls, and guilt had forced her to call him. When Zach hadn't
     answered, waves of relief swept over her. The bad news wasn't going
     to make Zach happy, and she wanted to postpone telling him for as
     long as possible.
     
     She gazed upwards to the sky, looking to the blackness of the night
     for answers. Julie had known about this for about two months now,
     but she just could not bring herself to tell him until the very
     end. Zach depended on her too much, and when she told him, he would
     be devastated.
     
     Julie understood Zach better than he understood himself, and even
     though he was always calm and docile around her, at times she
     thought she caught glimpses of Zach's old self in his eyes, like
     some imprisoned beast trying to escape its chains. She was not sure
     how he would take the news, but she was not scared of him.
     
     Now, the time had come for her to tell Zach. There was no place to
     hide, no place to run away. If she did not tell him soon, she would
     just end up leaving without saying anything, and she knew that that
     would be too much for Zach to handle. Maybe she should go back
     inside and try calling again. He deserved at least that much. She
     owed it to him.
     
     Julie slid off the hood of her car and went back inside.
     
                                     5.
                                      
     
     The bright-red LED display on the alarm clock read 11:00 as Zach
     woke up, the ringing of his telephone blaring in his ear. "Who
     could be calling me this late?" he asked himself, realizing the
     answer before he finished the question. He flung out his hand and
     drug the phone over to him.
     
     "Hello, Julie," he said.
     
     "How did you know it was me?" Julie asked.
     
     "I'm psychic," Zach explained.
     
     "Oh, yeah? So, when's the world gonna end?"
     
     "If I told you, it would spoil the surprise."
     
     They both laughed. Zach detected a sense of uneasiness in Julie's
     laugh.
     
     "So, where were you today?" he inquired.
     
     "Yeah, I'm sorry about not calling you this morning. I was really
     sick and threw up. It wasn't the best of times to be talking on the
     phone."
     
     "Wouldn't want to ruin your phone, would you? I can just picture
     hearing you talking and then hearing this really wretched sound
     come through--"
     
     "Zach, stop it," Julie laughed. "That's pretty sick."
     
     "I know, I know," he apologized.
     
     "Listen, do you want to go out tomorrow night?"
     
     "Are you sure you feel alright? You think you ought to be at school
     tomorrow?"
     
     "Oh, I'll be fine," assured Julie. "I feel a lot better now. It
     must have just been some quick virus or something. So, are we on
     for tomorrow night?"
     
     "Yeah, sure. That'll be great."
     
     "Okay, well, I'm going to go get some sleep so I'll be all rested
     up for tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow."
     
     "Bye."
     
     "I love you."
     
     "I love you too."
     
     Julie hung up. She was lying, and Zach knew it. He didn't see how
     anyone could be fine one day, utterly sick in the morning, and in
     the evening making plans to go out the next day. This date didn't
     look like such a good idea anymore, but Zach knew he had to go. He
     had to find out what was wrong with her.
     
                               CHAPTER THREE
                                      
     
                                     1.
                                      
     
     Friday night rolled around sooner than Zach had wanted. Julie had
     come to school today, but they hadn't spoken of their conversation
     last night or Julie's absence. It was just another boring day of
     the next to last week of school, the way Zach wanted it to be.
     
     Tonight, however, was not going to be boring. Now, at five o' clock
     with just an hour until he was supposed to pick up Julie, an
     incessant gnawing began to chew away in the back of his mind. His
     intuition told him that Julie was going to tell him something that
     he did not want to hear, but he had no clue as to what it was.
     Breaking up with her never entered his mind at all.
     
     Zach buttoned his shirt and put on cologne. He had never used
     cologne until he started going out with Julie. Personal hygiene was
     not one of Zach's major concerns before he met her. If he didn't
     mind the way he smelled, he was sure that no one else did, either.
     
     Having finished getting ready, he went into the kitchen and popped
     a batch of frozen chicken in the microwave for supper. Zach always
     insisted on paying for everything he and Julie did. It was one of
     those macho acts that society had imbedded in his psyche, and Julie
     was a big eater. So, he always ate before they went out and just
     ordered something small to save himself some cash.
     
     Ten minutes later, the chicken finished cooking and he sat himself
     down at the table for another cheap meal. Zach could live off of
     frozen chicken for the rest of his life. It was inexpensive, easy
     to cook, and easy to clean up. It also came in many
     varieties--chicken tenders, chicken patties, chicken strips, and
     chicken nuggets. What more could a single guy want?
     
     After the meal, Zach cleaned up and noticed that it was time to get
     Julie. He locked the house and left. He hoped tonight would be
     boring. Surprises were something Zach hated greatly.
     
                                     2.
                                      
     
     The restaurant was excellent--nothing happened. They talked about
     the things they usually talked about when they went out--school
     life, teachers they liked and hated, other people's relationships,
     and just the normal happenings of everyday life. The evening was
     turning out to be okay after all. And Zach was sure that nothing
     would happen during the movie.
     
     When they arrived at the theater, Julie was mortified by the long
     queue of people waiting to get tickets.
     
     "I don't really want to wait for half-an-hour to see this film,"
     Julie said impatiently.
     
     "Well, what do you want to do then?" Zach asked.
     
     "Why don't we go down to that little coffee house downtown? It's
     been a while since I've had a good cappuccino. How does that sound
     to you?"
     
     Zach's confidence abruptly crumbled away. He had been counting on
     the movie to eat up most of the evening so he could escape the
     night unscathed. However, there was not much he could do without
     seeming inconsiderate.
     
     "Sure, that sounds fine," he said, forcing a smile.
     
     "Good. We haven't been there in so long. It should be fun."
     
     Zach had a much different opinion.
     
                                     3.
                                      
     
     Mookie's Coffee & Cappuccino had been a favorite hangout of Zach's
     before he met Julie. It was located near the local university and
     was frequented by much of the college population. As they entered,
     Zach took a deep breath, inhaling the succulent fumes of dark, rich
     coffee grinds emanating from behind the counter. Mona smiled and
     waved when she saw them.
     
     "Hey, guys, what are you doing here?" she asked.
     
     "Hi, Mona," Julie greeted. "We didn't want to wait in line for a
     movie, so we decided to come down here."
     
     "Yeah, you know how impatient Julie is," Zach piped in. Julie gave
     him a playful slap on the shoulder.
     
     "I take it you want two giant caps?" Mona asked.
     
     "The usual, of course," Zach confirmed. "By the way, I like your
     nose ring. When did you get it?"
     
     "Oh, a couple of weeks ago. Didn't hurt too bad, but it itches like
     crazy."
     
     Mona turned and made their cappuccinos. "Here you go. Have a good
     night."
     
     "Thanks, Mona. See you later." Zach grabbed their glasses and
     headed to a table. Julie followed him.
     
     They sat down at a corner table. Zach took about six packets from
     the sugar bowl on the table and proceeded to dump them all into his
     cappuccino.
     
     "I don't see how you can drink that," Julie wondered.
     
     "Well, I like my coffee sweet. None of that straight black stuff
     that you drink." Zach made a grotesque moan.
     
     "Listen, Zach, there's something I've been meaning to tell you for
     a long time, but I just couldn't bring myself to."
     
     Zach's face went completely blank. His pupils shrank instinctively,
     and his flesh started warming up. "Oh, really? And exactly what
     might that be?"
     
     "About two months ago, Zach, I got a letter in the mail from up
     north. I should have been honest with you when I got it, but I
     wanted us to be happy for as long as possible."
     
     What is she talking about? Zach asked himself.
     
     "I'm sorry, Zach. I really am. They want me to go up north to
     college, and it's the best chance I've got." Julie began to cry.
     
     The sudden realization of the weight of her statement hit Zach like
     a hollow-point bullet. She was leaving. Forever.
     
     "Why didn't you tell me?" Zach yelled. A few heads turned in his
     direction, but Zach's angry glares forced them back into their own
     conversations.
     
     Julie reached out to grab Zach's hand, but he shied away. "You have
     every right to be upset," Julie said, trying to console him. "It's
     all my fault for waiting until the last minute. Will you forgive
     me?"
     
     "How could you do this to me? I thought we were going to go to the
     same place together. Wasn't that the plan? If you had told me
     sooner, I could have made other arrangements and possibly gone up
     there with you. It would have been fine if you hadn't waited. Why
     did you wait?"
     
     Her eyes poured forth tears as she spoke. "I didn't think you could
     get in. They have a strict admission policy, and I didn't want to
     be torn between you and college. I know I messed up, but I did what
     I thought was best at the time."
     
     Zach jerked himself onto his feet in a rage. For the first time,
     Julie was terrified of him. He slowly bent down towards her until
     their faces were only inches apart.
     
     "I trusted you," he said. "I gave myself to you. I told you all of
     my secrets that no one else has ever heard. I loved you. And this
     is the thanks I get? There's never been anyone else that I've loved
     except for you. I guess I didn't mean anything to you. I guess I
     was just the messed up boy that you took pity on and decided to go
     out with just to make me feel like I had something to live for. I
     even believed that for a long time, but now, I know it was an
     illusion I created to protect myself." Zach closed his eyes for a
     second and reopened them. "Come on, we're going," he ordered.
     
     "Zach, wait, it's not what you--"
     
     "No, Julie, it is what I think. Now let's go before I decide to
     break something... or someone."
     
     Julie sullenly stood up and followed Zach back to the car. The ride
     home was blanketed in total silence.
     
                            [to be continued...]
                                      
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
State  of  unBeing  is  copyrighted (c) 1996 by Kilgore  Trout  and  Apocalypse
Culture Publications.   All rights are reserved to cover,  format,  editorials,
and all incidental material.   All individual items are copyrighted (c) 1996 by
the individual author, unless  otherwise stated.  This file may be disseminated
without restriction for  nonprofit purposes so long as it is preserved complete
and  unmodified.   Quotes and  ideas not  already in  the  public domain may be
freely used  so  long  as  due recognition is provided.   State  of  unBeing is
available at the following places:

                    CYBERVERSE   512.255.5728  14.4
                THE LiONS' DEN   512.259.9546  24oo
                  TEENAGE RiOt   418.833.4213  14.4 NUP: COSMIC_JOKE
             THAT STUPID PLACE   215.985.0462  14.4
             ftp to ftp.io.com   /pub/SoB
                World Wide Web   http://www.io.com/~hagbard/sob.html

Submissions may also be sent to Kilgore Trout at <kilgore@bga.com>.  Thank you.

   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--

                          Return to SoB home page
                                      
   
