
 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what               TWENTY-FOUR              tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in                03/31/96              ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                           CONTENTS OF THIS ISSUE
                                      
     EDiTORiAL by Kilgore Trout
     LETTERS TO THE EDiTOR
     * STAFF LiSTiNG
     * ARTiCLES
          + GUiDE TO THE CONSCiENCE OF THE iRREPRESSiBLE YOUTH by Roger
            Abramson
          + MiND PROBE #2: Griphon, Merry Prankster/Zen Bastard by Noni
            Moon
     * POETASTRiE
          + NUNTiTLED by F. David Horn
          + ZiTGEiST by F. David Horn
     * FiCTiON
          + CONFESSiONAL by Nemo est Sanctus
          + iNSPiRE, EXPiRE, CHUG CHUG CHUG by I Wish My Name Were Nathan
            
          + JUST BECAUSE THE WORLD WANTS YOU DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO
            SUBMiT by Kilgore Trout
          + WHOA, WHOA, REWiND! by I Wish My Name Were Nathan
       
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
   
                           LETTERS TO THE EDiTOR
                                      
   
   [another great batch of letters. one person loves us, one person hates
   us, another person is just plain weird, the fourth complemented my
   name choice, and the fifth one just wanted to share some interesting,
   albeit useless trivia.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   From: Sandy Yturri
   Subject: fan mail
   
   hi kevin, just wanted to thank you for sending me a copy of
   sob23.reading
   it will be a top priority this weekend. after attentively reading your
   
   interview with noni moon, i made it a point to read gray matter
   champion.even though i didn't finish,i was thoroughly
   enthralled...breathless if you will.anyway, thanks a lot for changing
   my
   life. your fan, sandy
   
   
   [well, we always try to change people's lives. consider it a gift from
   us to you. if we couldn't change lives, well, we'd probably end up
   doing bad things, like throwing glasses of water at people out of car
   windows. er, wait, we already did that... er, um... well, we don't own
   guns, so most people are safe. toodles.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   From: Tutkin@gnn.com (Mark Warshavsky)
   To: kilgore@bga.com
   
   You fuck'n ass where are the blow job pictures I will have to fuck you
   good
   nd hard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   
   ["fuck'n." never seen that before. he wins the SoB horny geek of the
   month award.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   From: Stephen Graves <scgravtn@cris.com>
   Subject: Yahoo!
   
   I would be very interested in how you have to chose my name for your
   character Dr. Stephen Graves. I hope you realize that I am disgusted
   and perplexed at the same time. It is my belief that truth is stranger
   
   than fiction and I would like to relate some of my "personal" history.
   
   I am orginally from "Indiana", Dan Quail and his family lived in the
   same town and my mother and father's families did back in the 30's. I
   left home at 18 and while attending Indiana University I moved to Gary
   
   Indiana (remember the Music Man --- Gary Ind. Gary Ind my home town)
   when
   I finished college I went to work for a CPA firm in Chicago (Groh &
   Gough
   -- pronounced Grow & Golf --- interesting name). It was during the
   Viet
   Nam War and I got drafted and rather than go in the Army I volunteered
   
   for the U.S. Air Force. After finishing my initial training I was
   stationed in Las Vegas Nevada for my entire four year tour. I think it
   
   was something to do with my first wife's name (Veva --- pronounced
   Viva
   lal Viva Las Vegas). While living in Las Vegas I obtained a MBA and my
   
   wife Veva received a B.A. in Philosophy and English (seh was awarded
   the Governors Trophy for study in Philosophy --- She wrote a paper on
   Language and Cognition --- something to do with the linguist at M.I.T.
   
   ---what's his name???). After the Air Force we moved to San Francisco
   where I went to work for a international CPA Firm where I did
   accounting/audits of Lockheed, a number Bio-techs, and many other
   companies. For a period of time I worked for the Kaiser Company a
   large west coast conglomerate that had built the Bay Bridge, Golden
   Gate
   Bridge, Hoover Dam, and many other industrial projects etc.etc. I then
   
   was divorced from my first wife and married a lady from China. In 1985
   
   we traveled to China and I like to claim that I helped to do the seed
   work for the Shanghai Stock Exchange (it will probably be the world's
   largest in the 21st Century) In 1988 I started my own firm and have
   had
   the chance to travel to the firm USSR province that is now the country
   of
   Georgia (that is where Stalin was born) I also am the Treasurer for
   the
   East Meets West Foundation started by Le Ly Hayslip who Oliver Stone
   made
   a movie of her live --- Heaven & Earth ( about Viet Nam). I have a
   very active imagination and do not really mind your "smut" but think
   you
   hare missing the mark about "sex".
   
   >From my experiences I would like to state that given the state of the
   
   current world virussss, bugsss etc Sex life between strangers probably
   
   should be limited to what I would call ---- Cold Fusion. Which could
   be explained by the fact that it is when a egg and a sperm get it
   together in a "petrie Dish" I always did like that Petrie dish on the
   old Dick Van Dyke Show and now kind of enjoy the series of ironic
   puns,
   etc that I can string together about it.
   
   to bring you up to date I thought that I would relate a recent
   observation I made. This past week I was watching C-Span and noted
   that
   one of the individuals being interviewed was a Rep. John Ensen
   (Sounds like the term for Navy Lt. --- Ensign) R-Nevada. Given that I
   once lived in Nevada I took note. The irony was that this John (please
   
   excuse the pun again) like the "Godfather" John. What I was unable
   to determine was whether this was another "piece" of black humor
   (please
   excuse the double entrendra ). Was the Navy making fun of the
   Godfather, or was the Godfather telling the Navy what level he had
   pentetrated into their "Black Programs". WOOOOOOOOOOO lest we forget
   I think Nevada is that place where Area 51 and Sam Becket (that navy
   guy
   time travels ) of Quautum Leap is staged.
   
   
   Anyway with that I want to close. I feel sooooooo Real.
   
   
   
   
   Oh, by the way my e-Mail address is from and old Childhood nick name
   "GravyTrain" If you like Pink Floyd listen to the album ---- Wish you
   where here!!!!
   
   [i was wondering when the net.kooks would start writing in. keep it
   coming in. I still don't understand the "John = Godfather" thing, and
   I've seen the movies way too many times. Someone clue me in please.
   Other than that, his theory sounds pretty plausible. That's why they
   cancelled the "Quantum Leap" TV show -- so they could relocate to Area
   51. Uh-huh.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   From: CWeigert@aol.com
   Subject: Kilgore
   
   I just finished playing our esteemed Mr. Trout in a high school
   production of
   "God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater" It's good to see I'm not the only one
   who
   likes the Sci-Fi- visionary.
   
   Regards.
   CWeigert@aol.com
   
   [yeah. i get tons of these letters now. makes me regret my decision to
   pick the damn handle. at least they actually made the distinction that
   i didn't think i really WAS kilgore trout.]
   
                                 * * * * *
                                      
   From: Juliana Poteet <poteetj@southwestern.edu>
   Subject: Kilgore
   
   I just wanted to write and tell you that I am from a small town in
   Texas named Kilgore. I thought that was neat. BTW, I enjoyed your
   homepage.
   
   [see, now this is the kind of letter i like to get. yes, it has to do
   with my handle, but it has some practical information. for instance, i
   did not know there was a small town named kilgore in texas. what is
   even stranger is that there is a small town in texas named poteet as
   well. creepy, eh?]
   
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout
     
     Wow. Spring Break sucks when you're rooming with the Lord of the
     Sith.
     
     I went and visited a friend in college out-of-state, and his
     roommate's girlfriend happened to stay with us. She has cystic
     fibrosis, so we couldn't smoke in the dorm room cause she would,
     well, die. Every morning at 6:30 she'd pull out this huge motorized
     inhaler and sit at the desk, sounding just like Darth Vader.
     
     Where's a damn Jedi knight when you need one, huh?
     
     My Spring Break didn't suck just because I was woken up by sounds
     that should only come from hospital rooms. She was also stupid, as
     was my friend's roommate. The two of them would argue and finally,
     when she had had enough, her comeback was "If you don't stop being
     mean to me, I'm gonna go buy a can of dip."
     
     Yeah. That's showing him. You go, girl.
     
     Anyway, other than that week of sleeping on a love seat, it was
     pretty relaxing. I was kinda worried that we'd be low on
     submissions this month, but as you can see, that didn't happen.
     Yippie. Got some new writers, and a whole bunch of letters, two of
     which are extremely entertaining. I'll let you figure out which one
     those are. Noni Moon talks to Griphon, and Ansat writes some
     fiction for a change. IWMNWN is brilliant as usual. And me, well,
     uh, I put the damn thing together.
     
     See ya next month.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               STAFF LiSTiNG
                                      
                                   EDiTOR
                               Kilgore Trout
                                      
                                CONTRiBUTORS
                               F. David Horn
                         I Wish My Name Were Nathan
                               Kilgore Trout
                              Nemo est Sanctus
                                 Noni Moon
                               Roger Abramson
                                      
                               GUESSED STARS
                               Stephen Graves
                               Juliana Poteet
                                 C. Weigert
                                Sandy Yturri
                                      
   
                        SoB HORNY GEEK OF THE MONTH
                              Mark Warshavsky
                                      
   
            USED BOOKS i BOUGHT LAST NIGHT FOR A TOTAL OF $25.04
                    The Kafka Chronicles by Mark Amerika
                    The Day of Creation by J.G. Ballard
                          Scandal by Shusaku Endo
                       Neuromancer by William Gibson
                        Sweet Talkers by Kathleen K.
                The Ethiopian Exhibition by D.N. Stuefloten
                     The Queen's Gambit by Walter Tevis
                The Best of Skin Two edited by Tim Woodward
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                              [=- ARTiCLES -=]
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     GUiDE TO THE CONSCiENCE OF THE iRREPRESSiBLE YOUTH
     by Roger Abramson
     
     A boy's conscience can cause incredible disruption. There is a
     nagging wrong in the boy's world and he must act.
     
     Any person must act on their principles. Otherwise, their knowledge
     of right and good is wasted. Their power to create good is
     tremendous. The person who says, "I can," can touch countless
     lives. It starts with cheering up strangers with a smile and
     showing real respect for people--any people. Next thoughtful gifts
     of care, then blind goodness lashes out, and then your profound
     kindness might affect hundreds of people every day.
     
     I know. I have seen what is possible in this world. A lot can be
     done today and tomorrow to kindle the fire in our hearts.
     
     When I said a person has the power to create change, remember that
     the first thing to change is yourself. That means not making the
     same, tired excuses for yourself anymore. It means finally doing
     what you said you should do. Only you can decide to become part of
     the solution.
     
     You deserve to know the truth. You will make sacrifices. Sacrifice
     your inhibitions! Discover the greatness in yourself. Conquer your
     doubt. Rule the kingdom of your mind. Execute traitors to that
     kingdom without mercy. Starve your doubts with inattention. Then
     your kingdom will have no boundaries.
     
     Make large, inclusive dreams. Dream of doing things that will take
     many important, dedicated people to accomplish. The sky has no
     limit. Teach people everywhere how and why to build strong, happy
     families. Let tiny pieces of freedom rain down on people all over
     the world. Leave gifts to our children.
     
     If you never see the accomplishment of your goals in your lifetime,
     perhaps our children will. The beauty of great dreams is that they
     create self-rewarding effort. Starting new things is a comfortable
     process. All you do is take the first step. Then if the dream
     inspires and the work rewards, watch out! People will come to help.
     Take the next step and move out of their way.
     
     Make charity happen. At least help. Find a volunteer. Something
     volunteers have in common is they can all use your help. They can
     probably use you right now! Talk about their experiences as a
     volunteer. This talk may give you the courage you need to lend a
     hand the first time. One thing you might do is become the America
     police. America is your jurisdiction. Learn what it is to be an
     American by studying founders of our nation. When you catch an
     American kid bored, sulking, and hopeless, remind them that
     Americans are hopeful, inventive, and irrepressible.
     
     I have told you already and again now that you can create
     unimaginable change if first you change yourself. Dare to let your
     dreams survive and surpass you. Give your time to a charity. Your
     time is so often worth more than dollars. Smiles are worth more
     than gold. Be inventive. Be hopeful. Be irrepressible.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "I've always considered movies evil; the day that cinema was
     invented was a black day for mankind."
     
                              --Kenneth Anger
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     MiND PROBE #2: Griphon, Merry Prankster/Zen Bastard
     by Noni Moon
     
     Griphon is driving me back to Nashville so I can catch my plane. I
     came down here for Spring Break just so I could check out Nashville
     and Graceland and see where most of the pop crap that populates the
     radio waves came from. And I knew that Griphon was down here at
     Rhodes College in Memphis, and I sincerely appreciate the ride he
     gave me from Memphis to Nashville, because otherwise I would have
     had to ride a Greyhound bus, and that would really suck.
     
     His car is a 1980 Chevy Impala. It's supposed to be blue, but I'd
     say the predominant color is rust. He informed me before we left
     that he just got new brakes and finally got a rearview mirror. I
     was not impressed. The trip took about three hours, and during the
     course of the first half I did the interview. The second half
     consisted of coming up with Tom Swifties. I still haven't recovered
     from those yet.
     
     NM: How are you doing tonight, Griphon?
     
     GR: Oh, I'm doing fine. How are you, Noni?
     
     NM: Oh, pretty good, considering. So, let's go ahead, and -- he's
     packing cigarettes. How'd you get started writing for SoB?
     
     GR: Well, Kilgore and I went to high school together, and he and
     some of his other friends started doing "Where There's a Will,
     There's an A" [my first zine, on paper, of which only a few copies
     exist cause i can't find em and burn them --ed] and, well, I kinda
     figured out that he was involved with that and approached him about
     it, but by the time that everything had, ya know, gotten to where I
     could have been a small part of it, it had pretty much shut down.
     So, Kilgore told me about his new zine that he was putting out that
     was going to be strictly legal -- or completely legal. He asked me
     if I wanted to write for that, and I did, and I did.
     
     NM: Wow. So you and Kilgore go back a long ways, huh?
     
     GR: Yeah, let's see. I think we met in 10th grade english -- Miss
     Beard's class -- and he'd written a few things, and most of the
     class found it rather disturbing, but I thought it was pretty damn
     funny. And over time, we just talked to each other every so often,
     then started hanging out and developed a pretty tight bond. Figured
     that we were pretty compatible, and so we've been friends for about
     four years. NM: And if he hadn't let you put stuff in the zine, you
     probably would have beat him up or something, right?
     
     GR: Excuse me?
     
     NM: If he hadn't let you put stuff in the zine, you probably would
     have beat him up or something, right?
     
     GR: Beat him up? Like, bully him?
     
     NM: Physical harm.
     
     GR: Why would I do that?
     
     NM: Well, if he didn't let you write, ya know...
     
     GR: I... no... um... well, of course, his blanket statement was
     "we'll print anything," and that's proven true on numerous
     occasions, and so I don't think he would have discriminated against
     me for any reason. I won't brag on my writing skills, but, ya know,
     I'm better than some.
     
     NM: Oh really?
     
     GR: Well, yeah. I've run across a bit of a bad -- we all have our
     bad periods. Mine was early high school, but I figure that I'm
     intelligent enough to come up with something halfway decent. If
     it's halfway decent, hell, Kilgore will print it.
     
     [laughter]
     
     NM: Yes, he will. One of the first things you wrote that gained a
     bit of notoriety were -- you know where this is going, don't you --
     the Dr. Graves stories. Would you care to comment on how you
     devised that character?
     
     GR: Uh, Dr. Graves was written by John Smith. [laughs] Actually,
     Kilgore did run my name with the first Dr. Graves stories. Dr.
     Graves was conceived by the other John Smith, who wrote
     occasionally for it, and he had developed a philanthropist with
     some odd habits. I was the one who turned him into a polysexual
     that was very skilled at his craft. We wrote it in Economics class.
     We had planned to get 100 stories out by the end of the year, but
     we only got around 30 or 40. SoB only ran two of em, or maybe
     three. But Dr. Graves was a fun character. It allowed me to access
     that Harlequin romance part of me.
     
     [laughter]
     
     NM: Ah, the Harlequin romance part. Is there any chance that he
     might make a comeback?
     
     GR: Well, John Smith and I have some correspondence, and we're
     working on another story that I'm behind in getting an update on.
     But whenever I start writing and it starts to turn sexual, I just
     set it aside and get it all out with a Dr. Graves story. It's been
     awhile, so it may be time for another one, but I'm not sure.
     
     NM: I know that Kilgore Trout had mentioned that there was a
     possibility of Apocalypse Culture putting out the complete
     collection of Dr. Graves stories. Have you heard anything about
     that, if that will ever come to fruition?
     
     GR: That's always a possibility. I mean, we have all the stories on
     file, minus one or two that were lost via disk storage. I guess
     it'd be up to John Smith. Hell, why not?
     
     NM: I think it'd be pretty interesting to see Dr. Graves in his
     full glory and splendor.
     
     GR: [lights a cigarette]
     
     NM: I've heard that apart from writing for State of unBeing, you've
     become a bit of an editor yourself and are publishing a zine.
     
     GR: Yeah. It's called Cap'n Swank . I had the idea for it about two
     years ago. It's much different than State of unBeing. I guess it'd
     be closer to the Austin fanzine Peek-a-Boo , which is now defunct.
     But instead of just text, it's got a lot of pictures. It's really
     in a different vein, so there's no conflict. I dunno, it's a lot of
     fun, and it allows me to not be quite so serious. I won't profess
     to being serious all the time in SoB, but it definitely has a
     little more class to it than my zine.
     
     NM: Maybe it's the "low-brow" counterpart to SoB.
     
     GR: That it could be. Mainly, it's just having fun with pictures
     and being goofy. I did it in conjunction with the school newspaper
     because I have pretty free range with that, but not as free as I
     wanted. There's also another zine on campus called Rat's Ass which
     is just really bad -- drugstore philosophy and all that -- and we
     just wanted to represent a different aspect of the school since it
     gets such a bad rap of being really homogeneous.
     
     NM: And that college would be Rhodes College, correct?
     
     GR: Yeah, that would be correct.
     
     NM: What are you studying there?
     
     GR: Majoring in English, concentrating in the writing track, and
     minoring in film and anthropology.
     
     NM: Sounds like you're a busy boy.
     
     GR: For the most part I am. School is rigorous, but I try to make
     sure that I don't take more than I can handle. As a result, I do
     try to push myself some, and my writing for SoB has kinda dropped
     off. I haven't written as much since I moved away, but I plan to
     rectify that as now I'm starting to get out of the core
     requirements and into the straight english and writing. If I get
     better at writing, then I'll have a better product to give Kilgore.
     That's a good thing.
     
     NM: Yeah, I'm sure Kilgore would be happy to hear that. Just how
     big of a nag is Kilgore when it comes to getting submissions in?
     
     GR: Let's see. I get maybe one e-mail two days before he runs the
     publication telling me to write for it. I've never been much on
     deadlines, and as a result, responses are usually at weird
     intervals. He's not too bad about it. He's got a large pool of
     resources to take from, and so if I don't write for him, he's got
     at least two or three people to take my place.
     
     NM: Do you have any set rituals or anything to get into the mood
     for writing?
     
     GR: Other than chain-smoking and drinking coffee... if I haven't
     written something in a long time and have developed writer's block,
     I'll just write something and take it out to the Memorial B-B-Q Pit
     on Rhodes College campus and burn the manuscript to the writing
     gods, in the hopes that they supply me with a better inspiration
     and skill next time.
     
     NM: Ahhh. So, if you can't think of it, maybe magick will help out.
     [to tape recorder] I've gotta wait for him to light his cigarette.
     He's gonna burn us up... he's having a lot of trouble with his
     cigarette. GR: [incoherent mumbling] Goddamn wind.
     
     NM: Would you like me to light that for you?
     
     [Griphon finally lights his cigarette.]
     
     NM: Whoo hoo! Okay, we almost ran off the road there, but now that
     he's got his cigarette, I guess he's happy. So, I read somewhere
     that Nostradamus predicted in about five days that there were
     supposed to be a bunch of great fires. I guess that'll be proven
     true or not after this interview runs cause the publication date
     will be after the 21st of March. Do you subscribe to any certain
     prophecies or any systems of predicting the future?
     
     GR: Nostradamus is interesting to watch because he's got a great
     track record -- he hasn't been wrong yet. Kilgore's been telling me
     about Terence McKenna, and I think that is pretty interesting as
     well. I guess that knowing the future is good if you believe that
     it's important to know the ramifications after your life. I'm not
     real sure that after this life anything happens, so knowing the
     future isn't real important unless it can make me lots and lots of
     money.
     
     [capitalistic pig laughter abounds.]
     
     NM: So you don't want to know the future unless it will help out
     your greed?
     
     GR: Yeah. And sex. Maybe fame. Other than that, I don't believe
     it's important for my personal happiness. It may be nice to know
     just so that I can get things ready when the shit hits the fan, as
     it were.
     
     NM: It is always nice to be prepared. Speaking of that, do you have
     any religious beliefs or background?
     
     GR: I grew up with Kilgore as a Baptist and got burnt out on that
     about a year after Kilgore did. For a while, I was searching for
     something to fill that gap because I did feel kinda empty. I
     started studying Zen, and that helped, but it was hard for me to
     grasp the concepts through books. It is a very difficult
     worldview/religion/philosophy/what-have-you to access [garbled]
     Eastern culture. I think aspects of Zen and aspects of Aleister
     Crowley's personal philosophy blend in real nice together, and I
     can see that as a paradigm for how I may want to shape my life. I'm
     still looking and trying out everything. I haven't given up totally
     on Christianity, just most of the bullshit parts of it, of which
     there are a great deal.
     
     I've noticed that churches and any kind of thing that can give a
     blanket sermon just isn't for me. There's so much politicking that
     Christians go through. The last time I went to church, the minister
     asked us to pray for more money for a new building, even though
     they have one of the largest buildings in town. I just find that
     silly.
     
     NM: Do you think that's a problem with religion today? That most
     people are just using it for social and power reasons instead of
     getting back to some sort of spiritual grounding?
     
     GR: Yeah. I mean, Christianity being 2000 years old, it's gone
     through a lot of changes, especially with Paul and Constantine.
     They've basically helped shape it to the way it is today, and I
     think it really gets away from, you know, actual experience. The
     root of the word Christian means following Christ, and I think it
     really deviates from that. Two things Christ taught: love thy god
     with all thy heart, and love thy neighbor as thyself. I think that
     rarely, if at all, that comes into play with most religions today,
     especially Christianity.
     
     NM: Who would you consider your primary literary influences?
     
     GR: Influences... um, hmmm. I don't know. There's certain authors
     that I enjoy reading that are good writers: Charles Bukowski, John
     Irving, William S. Burroughs, Ernest Hemmingway. I don't know.
     Like, I've written bad Hemmingway before on purpose, and that was
     fun, but I really don't see a point of adopting writing styles. I
     guess, in a way, there is a certain style that you are taught
     growing up, and I was sort of taught the essayist style: support
     what you're saying and make it pretty barebones. So, that would
     lean towards Hemmingway... I don't know. [laughs]
     
     NM: Are you gonna end up sticking a shotgun to your head to end
     your literary career?
     
     GR: That's kinda clichd. I think after my writing career is over
     I'll be a pompous ass. [laughs]
     
     NM: Ahhh. No wonder you and Kilgore get along so well.
     
     GR: That's right, baby. We're the best.
     
     [car erupts in laughter, and Noni lights a cigarette.]
     
     NM: Speaking of careers, what do you plan on doing once you get out
     of college?
     
     GR: After this four year college I'm in, I'm thinking about film
     grad school. I found that many years ago that poetrie wasn't in my
     blood, and I found out this year that there hasn't been a single
     poet in the United States making money. So, it maybe a toss up
     between producing films and writing fiction. But I imagine it'll be
     a couple of more years of school, and then maybe a year or two of
     just cooling off, doing lots of drugs, touring, and building up
     some great experiences to have so when I start my vocation of
     choice, I'll have something interesting to say.
     
     NM: So, last Tuesday Bob Dole pretty much garnered the Republican
     nomination for the presidency. How do you feel about the current
     political current in America right now?
     
     GR: What is current? Like this year, the last five years?
     
     NM: This year, past five, ten, fifteen years.
     
     GR: Uh, well, I think Reaganomics were pretty bad, but I think
     everyone thinks Reaganomics were pretty bad, so that's no
     revelation. [tell that to my father. --ed] I think that politicking
     in general has become way too profitable and way too elitist. I
     think that in the Constitution the only restrictions for somebody
     running for president must adhere to is they must be over 35 and
     they must be a US citizen. I don't think the majority of people --
     er, 98 percent of people that fit those qualifications would have a
     chance in hell of even getting looked at seriously for president. I
     just think that a two party system, and politics in general, aren't
     a good thing. It's gone seriously downhill for the past fifty
     years.
     
     NM: Well, what do you think we could do to change some of that?
     
     GR: I dunno. Theoretically, it might work... if you really wanted
     to change it, you'd have to eliminate all the agendas that people
     have. The people that get elected, the only thing they want is to
     do a few special favors for their friends and have their own little
     agenda set up so they can make the most out of being in Congress or
     the political system in general. It is supposed to be truly for the
     people, and if they started acting that way, things would be a lot
     more productive.
     
     NM: A lot of the political literature that is run in SoB takes on
     an anarchistic, revolutionary rhetoric. Do you think the time for
     something like that has come, or do you think it's still possible
     to get some change out of the current system?
     
     GR: The anarchistic revolutionary route definitely has its merits.
     For one thing, change would be sudden. At the same time, I think
     that the system still could be saved -- if the right people got in.
     I think it would be a really slow process, and everyone would have
     to have a clear focus of some end goal, but things like NAFTA are
     making things a lot harder. And there may come a time when the
     Constitution, the way it was set up, will no longer be able to be
     saved, and then it will be time for some sort of revolutionary
     measure. Or at least something out of the current mode of
     operations.
     
     NM: So, who do you plan to back next November?
     
     GR: I suppose if I have to pick between the two main candidates,
     I'll go with Clinton. At least we've seen what he does. He won't be
     able to surprise us, really. Bob Dole is an experienced politician.
     He'll be able to get things passed, but the things that he wants to
     get passed are things I don't necessarily agree with. So, it's a
     tough call. But I think I'll go with Clinton.
     
     NM: It would probably be more beneficial if we did have more than
     two parties.
     
     GR: Yes, definitely it would be. It's just that the Republican and
     Democrat parties limit what a democracy can be because they say,
     "Any idea in America can be expressed and acted upon," but
     realistically, you only have the main two spheres of thought, and
     if you don't agree with those, you're like, Ross Perot, or you
     might get a percentage of the vote, but it doesn't really matter
     cause in the end, you lose. There's no place for third place, or
     second place for that matter.
     
     NM: Do you think Colin Powell would have won had he run?
     
     GR: I think he should have run, but I don't think he would have
     won. I think everyone should run for President. Anyone with any
     idea at all that is out of the ordinary ought to at least express
     it and get it out in the market, as it were. Who knows? Maybe it'll
     change something. Maybe somebody will latch onto it and think it's
     a great idea and lobby to change something they wouldn't have
     normally lobbied to change because this idea wasn't voiced.
     
     NM: Hey, that sign back there set Bucksnort, Tennessee. That's
     really a town?
     
     GR: If you consider a truck stop/motel and a couple of gas stations
     a town, then yeah. They have cute little shot glasses there that
     say stuff like "Big cats are dangerous, but a little pussy never
     hurt anyone." Or "Welcome to the Bucksnort whorehouse, where the
     customer comes first." They even have video poker.
     
     NM: Groovy. Let's stop. I've gotta see this.
     
     GR: It's ritual to stop when you're driving from Memphis to
     Nashville. Otherwise bad things happen.
     
     NM: I won't ask, but for some reason the theme from Deliverance
     just popped into my head.
     
     GR: Play some video poker. It'll make you feel better. The shot
     glass is on me.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                             [=- POETASTRiE -=]
                                      
   
   "The poets? They stink. They write badly. They're idiots you see,
   because the strong people don't write poetry.... They become hitmen
   for the Mafia. The good people do the serious jobs."
   
                             --Charles Bukowski
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     NUNTiTLED
     by F. David Horn
     
     I wonder if
     the desire to have
     a name
     that makes you sound
     like a Southern sheriff
     is called
     Enis envy?
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "ABANDON ALL ART NOW. AWAiT FURTHER iNSTRUCTiONS. MAJOR RETHiNK iN
     PROGRESS."
     
                             --The K Foundation
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     ZiTGEiST
     by F. David Horn
     
     The kid at the counter
     had a zit-geist on his face
     and I thought....
     "Oh, how clever I am.
     Mixing McDonalds, Dermatology,
     Hegelian philosophy, and Dialectics
     in one short phrase. Maybe I'll be a part
     of the anti-thesis."
     
     Then again I'll probably
     just get the two cheeseburger special,
     jump back into my car, and drive along the long
     boring stretches of I-80.
     
     Ohio..
     Indiana..
     Illinois..
     Iowa..
     States that sound and feel like yawning
     As they roll and merge
     Slowly and clumsily
     Like fat, old lovers
     Not interested in pleasure
     
     I can't suppress the urge to become blank
     Only to recognize yellow lines
     And exit signs
     The police cars I pass
     Are blank also
     And only yawn an Iowa
     As I absently speed through
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                              [=- FiCTiON -=]
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     CONFESSiONAL
     by Nemo est Sanctus
     
     "You have something to tell me."
     
     It wasn't a question; I could tell. I could always tell. Usually I
     wouldn't push the issue. If I waited, usually she'd tell me, sooner
     or later, in her own way. This had gone on long enough, though. A
     day, a couple of days, that was fine. She'd been like this since
     Saturday, and by the end of the week, well, this had gone on long
     enough.
     
     She didn't answer, of course. If it had taken her this long, it
     wasn't something she WANTED to tell me, it was something she HAD to
     tell me. It was something she was hiding, and that was something I
     would not tolerate. I had taken a lot of shit from her, but there
     was one thing I insisted on, and that was that I was told the
     truth, even if she would rather hide it.
     
     "You have something to tell me, don't you."
     
     Again, not a question.
     
     She didn't even look at me. The slightly startled look that had
     risen involuntarily to her face when I first "popped the question"
     was gone, replaced with the studied indifference only an actress
     could muster. She looked down, and to the right, and pretended to
     look at something to the forward right of the car. As if the blank
     stare wasn't enough to tip me off, this fascinating object never
     strayed, always being at a thirty degree angle to the front of the
     car, traveling unseen at 60 miles per hour down the freeway.
     
     Not Saturday. I suppose that isn't quite right. Saturday was when
     she first started acting this way towards me, but unless I was way
     off my mark this had nothing to do with Saturday. The first couple
     of hours maybe, but not really Saturday. This had to do with
     Friday.
     
     Her lower lipped quivered briefly, and she bit it to keep it still.
     
     "Why do you say that?"
     
     "Don't lie to me. You have something to tell me. Why aren't you?"
     
     "It's not important."
     
     "If it wasn't important, you would have told me Saturday."
     
     The look -- the surprised one -- came back, and I could almost have
     sworn she had jumped, if my vows hadn't gotten me into enough
     trouble in the past.
     
     I could tell. She knew I could tell, but she didn't want to. She
     marked it up to coincidence when I got things like that right, and
     I usually didn't give out any information I didn't have to when it
     came to things like that. But even if I hadn't been able to tell
     right away, the moment I figured out she was hiding something I
     would have assumed it was about Friday.
     
     She'd been hanging out at a night club. Again. That had been a sore
     spot between us for months. I wasn't invited. Indeed, she'd made it
     clear, in no uncertain terms, that she did not want me there. I
     guess it was her solution to us spending what she considered too
     much time together. For a while it had been almost every Friday she
     was there, doing God knows what. Since I wasn't allowed to see for
     sure, and the few friends I thought I had among the group she hung
     out with fed me doctored information, my imagination would have run
     rampant save for the trust I had in her. Fed me doctored
     information for their own gain, some of them; but I suppose I'll
     touch on that sooner or later.
     
     Then, as we fought about it almost non-stop for a while, it had
     tapered down. She spent the occasional Friday with me, and I was
     happy enough with that. The one Friday she wasn't with me she went
     out with one of the people from the club -- the one I had almost
     begun to like, ironically enough -- and went to the movies. When
     they were alone, he tried to sexually assault her. She got away,
     but it didn't do wonders as far as convincing me her friends were
     harmless.
     
     This week was different, though. She had been telling me it was the
     band, this one band, that was so important to her. And this one
     band was leaving on tour soon, and this was their last show. So I
     stopped pushing the issue. I didn't try to talk her out of this
     one; I didn't ask her to spend time with me, even though this week
     she was spending more time apart from me than most, and half the
     rest of the month she had plans, sometimes out of state. But if
     this was so important to her, I thought I could live through one
     more time, and maybe she would be more likely to work with me
     instead of against me, and to find some way for us to spend time
     together instead of accusing me of being a downer and of hating her
     friends. (As a general rule I do hate her friends, but not because
     they are her friends. They are hatable in their own right. And it
     hurt me less that she had friends like that rather than that she
     spent so much time with them; when I asked her why, she said
     because they gave her something I never could.) I thought this week
     would be it, and when the band she said she really liked left,
     she'd spend less time at the nightclub.
     
     This week, I was merciful. This week, I was generous.
     
     This week, I was stupid.
     
     "I don't want another fight. This evening's been so nice this far.
     It seems like we've been fighting for a we--"
     
     "We've been fighting for a week because you've been hiding
     something for a week!" I was almost yelling now. I don't usually do
     that, but when I get frustrated, I get depressed, and when I get
     depressed, I can either sulk or get angry. If I sulked, I'd never
     get it out of her.
     
     "Fine. I'll tell you after we get home," she conceded.
     
     The rest of the ride was icy. And silent.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     We pulled into my driveway. We'd been seeing each other for a long
     time -- long, at least, in teenager years -- but we both still
     lived with our parents and so we lived in different houses. When
     she'd said "home", she'd expected to go to hers. When I'd turned
     into my subdivision, we'd had a brief fight, but this was something
     I had power over. I told her no one would be at my house, and
     someone would be at hers. I wanted to make sure I got the whole
     story, and as long as she wouldn't tell me in the car...
     
     My family was out. It was a little late, but not too much. Maybe
     ten. I unlocked the door and went in, not even looking backward.
     She'd come in; she really had no choice, and I was getting sick of
     the games.
     
     When I heard the door close, I kept looking at the fireplace. I
     could hear her still, and so I knew she was by the door. "Look," I
     began, "you've had a week to tell me yourself, and all I've gotten
     has been silence, stress, and evasion." I spun around and finally
     caught her line of sight for what almost seemed the first time in a
     week. "Now tell me."
     
     A look of defiance shot across her face. "What if I told you I
     don't want to?"
     
     "What if I told you I don't give a fuck?"
     
     That is one thing my father taught me. Profanity is not good,
     especially not around a woman. But it works. Sometimes, he said,
     you have to use what works. As a military commander, he knew the
     importance of making things work, even if someone didn't want them
     to.
     
     There is one thing I have to say for her: She never took long to
     adapt. Seeing that didn't work, she went conciliatory. "Come on,
     you've been distant all week. Can't we just be close for a while?
     And I can tell you later, when we're all made up?"
     
     She walked towards me, summoning all her not insignificant charm
     and beauty, and put her arms up. I let her embrace me, and, putting
     my left arm around her waist, I put my right hand up to her face,
     caressing her cheek. I gripped her face, stopping it a couple of
     inches from mine. "No," I said simply, and sat her down on the
     couch.
     
     She tried to look away. I held her head for a little while, but
     then I let her look away. I felt more comfortable standing, anyway.
     After a couple of moments, I started her off.
     
     "Okay, you have something to tell me. It's about Friday night, and
     what happened at the club, and..."
     
     She was looking away, and looked genuinely sad. I had to use what
     works, though. Something I'd had to learn alone was that mercy is
     good, insofar as it goes, but if you want to get someone to tell
     you something they don't want to tell you can't be merciful until
     after it is all over. The tears I had to view cynically, as a
     conscious or subconscious attempt to weaken my resolve, and hence
     aid her tactical position in the relationship.
     
     "At the club, and ..." I repeated. She looked up with the hurt
     anger of a beaten girl, of a little girl who has been beaten again,
     and although she doesn't know why -- if there is a reason --
     somehow thinks she has called it upon herself.
     
     She could look like a victim to comfort, or a target to finish off.
     For obvious reasons, I hardened my heart and chose the latter. When
     she saw I didn't relent, she dropped her eyes again and began.
     
     "Yes, it was at the club. At first. There is more to it than that.
     ... Never mind, I don't want to tell you." She got up, looking
     angry once again.
     
     "I know all that," I said gently. "Sit down." She did.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     We arrived at the club, Amy and I, same as always. We just planned
     to see the band. A lot of people were there, since it was their
     last show in Austin for a while. We'd arrived alone, but lots of
     people were there.
     
     We'd gotten there a little early, to get settled in. We got some
     drinks and got settled waiting for the show to begin. About then
     the others started to filter into the place. We ran into a lot of
     people who we usually saw there; Cecily, Robert, Scott --
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     "Fuck." The very fact his name had to come into this story made my
     stomach twist. He was the guy who had tried to assault her. I
     wasn't shouting in anger, just muttering at the recurrence of an
     uncomfortable presence, like when one wrinkles one's nose at an
     ever present stench to which one has grown resigned but not
     accustomed.
     
     Still, looking back, she flinched more than would be expected from
     my outburst. That should have tipped me off.
     
     After all, he was the one who had told her this band's music
     "wasn't my style," even though he had never even seen my cassettes,
     let alone listened to them. Since it "wasn't my style," I'd of
     course not enjoy the club, and would only bring her down. He was
     also the guy who had assured me that "everyone" saw our break up
     coming, the last time she left me, and advised me not to try to get
     her back.
     
     She may think he's a friend, that he can be trusted. Then again,
     she'd feel Lucifer himself could be trusted, probably. Well, that's
     not entirely fair. She wasn't the only one who had been fooled into
     trusting him. So had I, kind of. Until he assaulted her and showed
     his true colors. And made me feel stupid for coming so close to
     following his advice.
     
     If I had, we'd never have gotten back together, and he'd have
     gotten his way.
     
     She looked at me coldly, not knowing whether to be irritated at the
     interruption or grateful for the reprieve. When I didn't even turn
     to look at her, she continued.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     We all got settled in, and about then the show started. It was
     nice. They played, we danced, and everyone was pretty pleased with
     the evening. The evening went quick. Too quick. I was just getting
     into my stride. I saw Amy over on the other side of the club,
     talking to a group of our friends, so I figured I could take a
     minute to step into the bathroom.
     
     I went to the bathroom and was fixing my make up when I happened to
     run into Megan. You don't know her. We went to school together
     years ago, and I haven't seen her in years. I don't know what she
     was doing at the show; I don't remember seeing her there before.
     But there she was. We talked for a while, catching up on old times.
     It seemed like we'd just started, but it must have been the better
     part of an hour. Megan's ride came in to get her, and we said good
     bye. I'd finished with the make up, and noticed that the bathroom
     was nearly empty now.
     
     By that time I realized how late it was getting, and I figured I'd
     better find Amy. I rushed out of the bathroom, and ran into Scott.
     
     "Have you seen Amy?" I asked.
     
     "She went home. I told her you told me you were going home with
     Cecily since you couldn't find her. Guess you'll just have to ride
     with me."
     
     So then there I was. Amy was gone. I was flabbergasted. He had no
     right to do that, especially not after the stunt he'd pulled the
     other night, trying to force himself on me in front of my own
     house. But what could I do? The club was emptying; I had to get
     home. I accepted his offer. I had no choice, did I?
     
     I made him promise he'd take me home. I said, "You'll take me
     straight home, right? Promise?"
     
     "I promise I'll take you home," he said. I should have caught that,
     but instead I just felt relieved.
     
     We headed home. He tried to start conversation. Little things. I
     wouldn't talk to him, though. I was trying to avoid being nice to
     him. Until I saw where he was going. Then I started talking.
     Yelling, actually. He turned off too early, see. Not even out of
     Anderson Mill. So I knew something was up. He kidnaped me, I guess.
     Kind of like what you just did.
     
     He took some roads, and before I knew it I was lost. Not that I
     know that area or anything, but I had no idea where we were. After
     a while of that, he pulled over on a deserted stretch of road and
     stopped the car.
     
     I told him no. I said I didn't want to do anything. Not tonight.
     Not with him. He said all he wanted to do was talk. I said I didn't
     even want to do that, but what could I do? So he talked, and I sat
     there. He talked about how he'd broken up with his girlfriend, and
     about how he never stopped wanting me, and everything you'd expect
     from him. I guess I should have expected all that, too, but you saw
     what he is really like before I did.
     
     As he was talking he moved closer to me, and after a while I ran
     out of car seat. But then he stopped abruptly, grabbed my head with
     his fingers in my hair, and kissed me.
     
     I'd backed myself up too far. I could barely kick, and not enough
     to reach him. I was twisted too weird. All I did was exhaust
     myself.
     
     But I'm not going to lie to you. I know it's bad but -- but I kind
     of liked it. My mind didn't, but my body did. You know what I mean?
     And I think he could tell. I think he could tell that night he
     tried to kiss me, that he was turning me on even while I was
     turning him down. Maybe if I could control the way by body was he
     would have lost interest. As if anyone could do that. I don't
     really think it would have stopped him, but I don't think we'll
     ever know for sure.
     
     I didn't want it! I really didn't. I told him no. I cried through
     the whole thing, for God's sake. But I was trapped and exhausted.
     He could just pull me down and my skirt up and -- you know.
     
     I didn't want it. My body may have responded, but it was still
     rape. I struggled as best I could. With my mind. But he didn't
     stop. And I didn't want to tell you. I knew you wouldn't take it
     well. I thought it would just do more harm than good to tell you he
     raped me. Especially him.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     She stopped and looked up at me. The tears were flowing freely now.
     
     "I thought you said you'd stay away from him."
     
     "I had no choice!" she cried.
     
     "You could have found a way. For crying out loud, you could have
     called me. You know I'd be there for you; why is it so fucking
     important to you to keep away from me? Why do you always have to
     turn to other people when you need something? Why do I only find
     out your problems when we're fighting after the fact?"
     
     "This isn't fair! I didn't mean for this to happen."
     
     "Oh didn't you." My sarcastic tone brought hurt to her eyes.
     Hurting her hurt me, but it somehow felt better than having her do
     the hurting. "How many times have you fucked around behind my
     back?"
     
     "This isn't fair."
     
     "I know this has happened before. How often?"
     
     "Why do you persecute me?" Her voice had gotten a lot quieter when
     I had begun shouting accusations. She sounded like she was trying
     to calm me. Or herself. I don't even think she caught the allusion.
     
     "Everyone knows the last time you left me you were in the arms of
     another guy in a couple of days. How often has this happened when
     we were going together? How much of a cuckold am I?!"
     
     "Stop it!" she cried. "Stop it."
     
     She sobbed. I froze, all my anger spent.
     
     Silence.
     
     I was in about as much shock as she must have been that night. I
     didn't really have a lot of responses to choose from.
     
     "You know, of course, this ends our relationship," I told her.
     
     That's when the tears really began to flow.
     
     "It was rape! I didn't want to do it, he pressured me into it."
     
     I laughed. It sounded hollow, even to me, but I meant it. This was
     genuinely funny, in the sense that Lovecraft meant when he said,
     "The world is indeed comic, but the joke is on mankind." Then I
     turned my back on her and walked into my bedroom.
     
     "You wanted it," I called back over my shoulder. "You weren't
     really resisting him, and even if you had been, you told me you'd
     avoid him. You told me he could be trusted." By that point, I'd
     found what I was looking for, and I could look into her eyes as I
     continued. "You told me you could be trusted."
     
     She cried a lot. She told me I was being unfair. She told me I was
     blaming the victim. (I told her that wasn't true at all, I was
     blaming both the guilty parties.) Finally, she gave up. She didn't
     tell me anything convincing.
     
     "I'm afraid it doesn't matter what you call it. This ends our
     relationship. Permanently. You put yourself --" I corrected myself
     as she began to object. "-- allowed yourself to be put in a
     position where you had sex with another man. That is unacceptable."
     
     "What do you expect me to do? I can't change the past. Are you
     going to stop loving me because I was attacked?"
     
     "I'll never stop loving you," I told her, honestly, as I knelt
     beside her on the couch. "I love you now as much as I loved you
     then. You have to take responsibility for the mistakes you made,
     too. If you had trusted me and stayed away from those people you
     thought were your friends, or if you had cared enough to spend your
     evenings with me, this would never have happened. You must take
     responsibility. Our relationship cannot continue, I cannot be with
     you after you have given yourself willingly to another man, but I
     still love you."
     
     "I love you, too," she whispered, and looked almost happy for the
     first time in a week. It could just have been relief, but it made
     me feel happy anyway. Our lips met, our tongues touched oh so
     slightly, and I held her so close, so tight that I felt the heat as
     the bullet passed through her head.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     I miss her. I really do. I still think about her.
     
     All right, that isn't saying much. Let me try again. Even if there
     weren't a police investigation into how she ended up dead in my
     living room, I'd still be thinking about her. A lot. There isn't
     really anything I need to hide, now. There is nothing the police
     can do to me. The police can only hurt my body. Pain goes away.
     
     Love never does.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "You are right, Steppenwolf, right a thousand times over, and yet
     you must go to the wall. You are must too exacting and hungry for
     this simple, easygoing and easily contended world of today. You
     have a dimension too many. Whoever wants to live and enjoy his life
     today must not be like you and me. Whoever wants music instead of
     noise, joy instead of pleasure, soul instead of gold, creative work
     instead of business, passion instead of foolery, finds no home in
     this trivial world of ours..."
     
                       -- Herman Hesse, Steppenwolf 
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     iNSPiRE, EXPiRE, CHUG CHUG CHUG
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan
     
     My son came up to me after dinner with the question parents must
     always eventually answer: "Why do people die?" His carefree summer
     of exploring and playing with his friend Nicholas had been
     interrupted when Nicholas' older sister Kimberly died in an
     automobile accident. I wasn't sure Timothy and Kimberly had known
     each other all that well, but he had been markedly affected by the
     unexpected change in events.
     
     I'd been waiting for him to ask me the question. Tim seemed almost
     embarrassed to ask. He stood beside my easy chair with his hands
     behind his back, casting a glance downwards.
     
     "Let's talk about it," I said. "Come on, come up here." I picked
     him up and set him on one arm of the chair. Soon he'd be too big to
     sit there. "Is this about Kimberly?" I asked.
     
     He nodded yes, still looking downward, at his knees.
     
     "Are you sad?"
     
     Tim shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know."
     
     "What's wrong, then?"
     
     He grimaced. "You know," he mumbled.
     
     "What is it?" I asked, intrigued.
     
     "When am I gonna die?"
     
     I hugged him. "Certainly not right now," I said, attempting some
     humor.
     
     That wasn't the trick. "But when ?!" he cried out.
     
     "Wait, wait, hold on a second, Timothy," I said. "You can't know
     that."
     
     "Do you know?" he asked.
     
     "No, no, I don't. No one does. There's no way of knowing when
     you're going to die."
     
     He moaned, "That's not fair!" "No, it's not," I said.
     
     "That's not fair!" he repeated.
     
     "Timothy, what do you think death is?"
     
     He shrugged his shoulders and squirmed about some. "When you're in
     a car wreck?"
     
     "How, a car wreck?" I asked, prodding him on.
     
     "Nicholas said Kimmy got crushed and all her blood poured out."
     
     "Why is that bad?" I asked, as if I had no idea.
     
     "Daaaad," he said, "you know. It hurts, doesn't it?"
     
     "Yes, yes, a car wreck hurts. But Kimmy doesn't hurt anymore."
     
     "Why?" he asked.
     
     "She's not alive anymore. She can't feel pain."
     
     Tim made a bewildered face. "Why did they put her in the ground
     then? Why can't she come back if she doesn't hurt anymore?"
     
     "Because she's not alive. She can't move anymore. She --"
     
     "So what is she doing?" he asked.
     
     I groaned inside. Thinking back, I realized he had never come in
     contact with death before. We didn't watch TV or go to violent
     movies, not even church. Aaah, church! That's it. They tell kids
     what death is like.
     
     "Well, Timothy, we don't know. No one knows what dead people do."
     
     "That's weird. Why not? 'Cuz we can't see them? Nicholas said they
     put Kimmy in a hole and put dirt on top of her."
     
     "It's true. They buried her."
     
     "Why?"
     
     I hesitated. "Otherwise she'll stink," I said bluntly.
     
     It didn't faze him. "Can't she take a bath?"
     
     "No, Timothy, she can't do anything. Wait a second, and listen. You
     know how we carve pumpkins for Halloween?"
     
     "Yup!"
     
     "And how after a few weeks it shrivels up?"
     
     "Yeah."
     
     "That's because the pumpkin is dead, like Kimmy."
     
     "But it doesn't stink much."
     
     "That's true, because we took out all the insides first. The
     insides are what stink most," I explained.
     
     "Why don't they take out Kimmy's insides?"
     
     I shrugged my shoulders. "They could, I guess. But there's no
     reason to. She's still dead, like the pumpkin. People don't want to
     look at dead people."
     
     A flicker of understanding came to his eye. "You mean the pumpkin
     was alive once?" he asked incredulously.
     
     "Yes," I said, immediately dreading the implications -- yes, we
     kill things on purpose.
     
     "Can pumpkins talk?!" he asked.
     
     I laughed. "No, no, Timothy, they don't talk. Pumpkins aren't
     people."
     
     "Do they make any noise?"
     
     "No, they don't. Plants don't make noises."
     
     "How are they alive, then?" he asked.
     
     Suddenly I realized my error -- I hadn't explained life to him yet!
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Good grief, Timothy was only ten. I'd already made quite a mess of
     explaining what was happening, and I wanted to make sure he had a
     sensible picture in his head. I also realized I didn't want to
     sound like I knew everything; I certainly had my own doubts about
     what life and death really were. I wanted to keep his mind as open
     as possible, without any false hopes or any false dreads. This was
     the main reason I kept him out of church.
     
     "Timothy, can we start over?"
     
     "Okay," he said.
     
     "I need to tell you about what I think it means to be 'alive'.
     These are only my ideas, but most people believe them. You see, no
     one really knows."
     
     Timothy squinted at me, trying to take it in. "We're alive, aren't
     we?"
     
     "Yes."
     
     "And Nicholas is alive, right?"
     
     "Yes."
     
     "And Kimmy was alive before the car wreck, right?"
     
     "Yes."
     
     "So, why don't we know what 'alive' means?"
     
     "That's just the thing, Tim. Most people have an idea about it. But
     all they know is what they can see ." 
     
     He let it sink in. I hoped I wouldn't completely overwhelm his
     brain.
     
     "I don't get it."
     
     I brainstormed to come up with a perfect example. Ah-hah! "You know
     that light in the refrigerator?"
     
     "Yeah."
     
     "Right now, is it on or off?" I asked. He made a move to jump up
     and check. I restrained him and smiled. "Without looking." "On?"
     
     "Why do you think that?" I asked.
     
     "It's always on, right? Every time I open the door, it's on."
     
     Funny thing is, those lights never seem to burn out either. "That's
     a perfectly good idea," I said. "However, what if I told you that
     it went off when you closed the door?"
     
     "Oh!" he exclaimed, smiling, "I never thought of that!" Then a
     puzzled look came over his face. "How?"
     
     "There's a switch in the refrigerator. When you close the door, it
     turns off the light. When you open the door, it turns on the
     light."
     
     "Oh! Can I see?"
     
     "Sure," I said. We got up and ran into the kitchen. Timothy opened
     the door. The light was on. Then he peered at the door and examined
     the corresponding area on the frame of the refrigerator. He flipped
     one switch and turned off the refrigerator.
     
     "Uh-oh!" he said, and flipped it back on. He blushed lightly and
     continued his search. He felt around the perimeter of the
     refrigerator, from the sides to the top, and finally found it.
     Running his hand over the switch, the light flickered. "There!" he
     said, pressing and releasing the switch several times. Then he
     slowly closed the door to see the process in action. Right before
     the door shut, the light went out. "Cool!"
     
     "Now, Tim, are you wondering why there's a switch?"
     
     "Nope. It seems silly to keep the light on when no one's looking."
     Then he stood still and pondered. "Is this about 'alive'?" he
     asked.
     
     "No, no, not yet. This is about whether people know things or not."
     
     "Oh."
     
     "Let's go back to the chair." I sat in the chair and Timothy
     perched on the armrest. "You see, you didn't know before that the
     refrigerator light turned off. And once you figured out that it did
     turn off, you wanted to know why. And then you figured out how .
     And now it all makes sense, right?"
     
     "Yup!"
     
     "Now, what if I never told you that the light turns off? What if no
     one ever told you, and you never thought to ask?"
     
     "I don't get it."
     
     "Well, the first thing is, you wouldn't know, or even suspect, that
     the light turned off, right?"
     
     "Yeah, I guess so."
     
     "Now, Tim, if you didn't ever think about that, do you think the
     light would actually turn off?"
     
     "I don't know."
     
     I smiled widely. "You don't know what?"
     
     "If the light would go out. But you just said it --", he stammered,
     and then started thinking. "You just told me it would go out. So
     doesn't it always? If I knew or not?"
     
     "Yes, whether or not you know it, the refrigerator light goes out
     when you close the door. People made it that way on purpose, so we
     know what happens. BUT -- and this is the big but --"
     
     Tim started giggling.
     
     "-- what about everything else in the world you don't know about?"
     
     "Like what?"
     
     "Say, how the refrigerator works. Or if it works. Is it only in a
     refrigerator where stuff stays cold? Does the refrigerator turn
     cold when you open the door?"
     
     Tim started squirming uncomfortably. "Weeeeell... there's a switch
     that turned off the refrigerator."
     
     "That's true, and...?"
     
     "I think the refrigerator stays cold all the time, and the switch
     turns it off. It would be silly for it to get cold when you open
     the door."
     
     "Why? Are you sure?" I prodded.
     
     "I don't know."
     
     "What about your dresser? If you stood it up on one end, it would
     be the same size as the refrigerator, right? And if you open the
     drawers, you can see inside the dresser, just like the door on the
     refrigerator. So does it get cold when you open the drawers?"
     
     "Nooooo," he said, giggling.
     
     "Why not?" I asked.
     
     "It's not a refrigerator."
     
     "Then what is a refrigerator?"
     
     "It --" he started. "Daddy, this doesn't make sense."
     
     "How do you mean?"
     
     "I know what a refrigerator is."
     
     "And it's...?"
     
     "It's what keeps stuff cold inside," he said proudly.
     
     "Exactly. A refrigerator keeps stuff cold inside. That's why we
     call it a refrigerator. There's a little more to it -- it's a box
     that people make, that keeps stuff cold inside."
     
     "Oh!" he said. "I always thought something that looked like that
     was a refrigerator."
     
     "Well," I said, "see that painting of the little girl on the steps
     with the cat?"
     
     "Uh-huh."
     
     "What if that were a painting of a refrigerator? Would that
     painting keep stuff cold inside?"
     
     "Noooo," he said, laughing.
     
     "What if it did?" I asked.
     
     He paused for a while, and started to giggle. "It would be a
     painting and a refrigerator."
     
     He thought he was making a joke. "Yes!" I cried out, hugging him.
     "That's exactly it. Do you see? We might come up with a new word
     for that, too. A 'refrigepainting', eh?"
     
     Again Tim laughed, smiling widely.
     
     "Now, how about this, Tim? Think hard. If you didn't know the word
     'refrigerator', would that box in the kitchen still keep stuff cold
     inside?"
     
     "Yes," he said quickly.
     
     "Then would it be a refrigerator?"
     
     He paused to think. "Yes?"
     
     "Why?"
     
     "Because it keeps stuff cold inside!"
     
     "Exactly! So, if that painting of a refrigerator were just a
     painting, would it be correct to call the painting a refrigerator?"
     
     "No, 'cuz it doesn't keep stuff cold inside."
     
     "Exactly! Now, Tim," I said, returning to the original point, "tell
     me what you think it means to be 'alive'."
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     He hesitated and said flatly, "I don't know."
     
     "That's not exactly true, Tim. Tell me some things you think aren't
     alive."
     
     "Uuum, the chair?"
     
     "Yes."
     
     He squinted. "The refrigerator?"
     
     "Mmm-hmm."
     
     "What about the pumpkin?"
     
     "Well, wait a minute first. Why do you think the chair and the
     refrigerator aren't alive?"
     
     "They don't talk."
     
     "But what about this?" I asked, leaning back in the chair and
     making it squeak. "Is the chair talking?"
     
     "No."
     
     "Why not?"
     
     "It's not saying anything." "How do you know it's not saying,
     'Whee!', but the way a chair says it? Our dog Kornkob goes bark!.
     Is she talking?"
     
     "Yes."
     
     "Yes, she is. She's talking the way dogs talk. Why is her bark!
     talking, while the chair's squeak isn't?"
     
     "Because the chair's not alive."
     
     "That's true, but you just said 'alive' meant you could talk. So
     your answer didn't say anything new, you see? Let's back off from
     talking for a second. There has to be a reason why the noise a dog
     makes is talking, while the noise a chair makes isn't. There's more
     to 'alive' than talking."
     
     "Kornkob can also growl."
     
     "That's true!" I said, as if I'd never realized. "What about this,
     then?" I asked. I let down the easy chair, making the springs
     contract and go sproing. "The chair makes other noises as well."
     
     Tim punched the side of the chair, thump. "That one too."
     
     "And Kornkob can whimper too. Think of this, though -- why does
     Kornkob whimper, instead of growl or bark?"
     
     "When we first got her, she'd whimper when I yelled at her. But now
     she just barks."
     
     "That's true! But the chair always goes sproing when I let it down.
     It always goes squeak when I lean back in it. Do you see the
     difference?"
     
     "Kornkob knows me now."
     
     "And I've had this chair for ten years! Why doesn't it know me
     yet?"
     
     He hesitated. "Because it can't!"
     
     "Exactly! Chairs can't learn . BUT -- that's only one reason why
     they're not alive!"
     
     "There's more?" Tim asked.
     
     "Yup. To be alive means you can grow, too. You're growing taller
     every year. I'm growing, well, a little chubbier. But the chair
     will always be the same size."
     
     "But what if we pulled on it and it got longer?" he asked.
     
     "Ah-hah -- that's the difference. 'Alive' things grow by
     themselves."
     
     "But we eat food. Isn't that what makes us grow?"
     
     "Yes -- but we eat the food on our own. Eating is part of growing."
     
     "Oh, okay."
     
     "'Alive' also means to move. We're alive, so we can move -- on our
     own."
     
     "What about robots?"
     
     "They do move on their own, that's true. But, 'alive' things have
     to do all the things we're talking about."
     
     "Oh. What else?" "One thing is, they are organized into specific
     parts, or organs."
     
     "Like my stomach and my mouth?"
     
     "Uh-huh, and your teeth and your gums and your tongue and your
     throat and your skin and your muscle..."
     
     "Chairs are like that too, though."
     
     "But, again, they don't do it by themselves. All by themselves,
     every living thing develops its own organs."
     
     "Wow!"
     
     "It's my own darn fault that my nose is so big."
     
     "Yeah," he said, giggling.
     
     "The last thing living things do is to make offspring."
     
     "Oh yeah! It all seems pretty obvious now."
     
     "Now, let's get back to the pumpkin. Do you think it's alive?"
     
     "Well... I don't know."
     
     "Why not?" I asked almost incredulously.
     
     "It doesn't move, does it?"
     
     "Oh, it does. But plants move much, much slower than people and
     animals. Look there," I said, pointing to the plant hanging next to
     the window. "See how all the leaves and stems are facing the light?
     They move toward the light, because light is a part of their food."
     
     "Oh, duh, I knew that!" he said. "But plants don't learn."
     
     "Well, plants don't learn in the special way we humans, or even
     animals do. But all of us learn through evolution."
     
     "What's that?"
     
     "That's how living things adjust to changing environments over
     time. It's a chemical way of learning how to live better. It's
     really very complex, though. You'll need to wait about five years
     first, okay?"
     
     "Okay."
     
     "Now, again, was the plant alive before you knew it was?"
     
     "Yeah, but I wouldn'ta thought of it."
     
     "Ah-hah! You see, the reason we know what 'alive' is, is because
     scientists defined it that way, just like we defined a refrigerator
     as being a box that keeps stuff cold inside."
     
     "Oh!"
     
     "I think you need to take a rest now. Think about this while you're
     gone -- what do you think dying is?"
     
     "It's scary!"
     
     "Think about it," I said.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Tim came back in an hour. "Well," he said, "because dying's when
     you're not alive, it's when you don't grow or learn or move
     anymore."
     
     "Yes, that's true," I said. "And?"
     
     "And I don't know anything else. I really tried to figure it out."
     
     "That's perfectly all right. People don't know what death is,
     beyond the fact that it's when you're not alive."
     
     "Is it heaven?" he asked.
     
     "What do you think heaven is?"
     
     "Nicholas said it's where good people go after they die. It's a
     really great place, he said."
     
     "Do you believe that?"
     
     "I don't know. Is it hell? Nicholas said that's where you go when
     you're bad. And it really sucks."
     
     "Where do you think Kimmy went?" I asked.
     
     "Neither. She's in the ground."
     
     "That's true, in a way."
     
     "What do you mean?" he asked.
     
     "Well, does my definition of 'alive' seem complete to you?"
     
     "Complete? I don't get it."
     
     "Think about animals and people. Is there something else we do that
     nonliving things can't?"
     
     "Well... they don't do stuff."
     
     "Like what?"
     
     "Well, I can read, and have fun. And Kornkob can chase sticks. And
     have fun. I don't think the refrigerator has fun."
     
     "Exactly. 'Alive' doesn't say anything about having fun. Or wanting
     to."
     
     "So what's that called?"
     
     "The ability to have fun?"
     
     "Yeah."
     
     "I'm not sure. Maybe that's not the whole picture. We can also be
     sad, or be angry, or get excited, or be hopeful. I think animals
     can't really feel those things," I said. "All in all, I think
     something only people have is the ability to have emotion. That's
     part of being alive, if you're a person."
     
     "Well... I think Kornkob gets angry and excited. And hopeful, when
     it's time to feed her."
     
     "That's true in a way. I think that she doesn't feel them the same
     way we do, though. You see, something else only people do is think.
     We can think about things, and those things can make us angry, or
     sad, or hopeful." "What about Kornkob?"
     
     "I believe she's just reacting to her surroundings. When you feed
     her, she gets excited because she can smell the food, and she knows
     you're going to pet her. But I don't think that if you're inside
     she'll even think about it."
     
     "So does she think about us?"
     
     "I don't know. Probably not the same way we think about her."
     
     This to him seemed even sadder than if Kornkob had died. "I always
     thought Kornkob was like us," Tim said.
     
     "I don't think she is. But she's special in her own way."
     
     "I guess so."
     
     "But Timothy, think about 'thinking' again. Many people believe
     that since we can think, we're special and different from
     everything else in the whole world."
     
     "Yeah?" he asked excitedly.
     
     "That's what many people believe. And that's what makes being alive
     so important. That's the other thing about 'alive'."
     
     "So what happens when you die?"
     
     "No one knows, beyond the obvious things -- not moving, not
     growing, not learning. Remember that light in the refrigerator?
     Think of that light as being the special part of being human. Well,
     no one knows if it goes off when you shut the door."
     
     "Really?" he asked. "Why not? Can't you tell if someone's
     thinking?"
     
     "Well, yes, you can, actually. Scientists believe that our brains
     are what make us think."
     
     "But Kornkob has a brain."
     
     "That's true. But scientists don't believe it can think the way we
     do. Brains do other things besides thinking."
     
     "Oh. Can you tell the difference between how her brain and our
     brain think?"
     
     "No, we can't."
     
     "So how do we know Kornkob doesn't think like we do?"
     
     "We really don't. But we have to assume she doesn't, since animals
     don't do the things people do."
     
     "I don't get it."
     
     "Well, they don't..." I started. I was going to say "build cities",
     but beavers and birds build their homes. I also wanted to say, "use
     language", but whales, bees, and octopi also clearly communicate. I
     also wanted to say, "wonder about death", but elephants show
     distinct remorse and curiosity when coming across dead elephants,
     though not other animals. I also wanted to say other things, but I
     couldn't say anything specific. "It's hard to say. Animals don't do
     what people do."
     
     "Dogs don't do what cats do either," he said.
     
     "That's very true," I admitted. "So do you see what I'm talking
     about?" I asked. "There are definitely things we don't know about
     life. And this makes it that much harder to know what death is,
     since we can't experience it, without being dead."
     
     "What do dead people say it's like?"
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     "Well, Timothy, that's where I have to say I have no idea. There's
     no scientific evidence that dead people can think, much less tell
     us what being dead is like."
     
     "No one knows?"
     
     "Not for sure. Think of life as being like a light bulb that's on,
     and death being like a light bulb that's burned out. And, you can
     only see that light bulb when it's on, since it's the only one in
     the room. Trying to find out about death is like trying to see a
     burned-out light bulb in the dark. We know it's there, but nothing
     else for sure."
     
     "What about heaven and hell though?"
     
     "Well, those are ideas people have about what happens after death.
     Remember the special part about being human? Those people call that
     your spirit. They believe that when a person dies, his spirit goes
     to heaven or hell, depending on what he did in his life."
     
     "What he did?"
     
     "Like, if he did good things to other people, or bad things. They
     believe that your entire life is judged good or bad when you die,
     by another spirit, and then you go to heaven or hell forever."
     
     "That's not fair! Why is it all for a grade?!"
     
     I had to laugh. I had to laugh at the way people believed life was
     for a grade. I almost got a headache.
     
     "Tim, that's just what some people think. But I must tell you, most
     of the people in this country believe that."
     
     "Is it true?" he asked pleadingly.
     
     "I don't think so, son. It doesn't make sense to me."
     
     "Why do so many people believe it then?" he asked.
     
     "I.... It's tradition."
     
     "Do the dead people say that's what it's like?"
     
     "Well, like I already said, I don't know for sure. I haven't talked
     to any dead people. But throughout history, some people have said
     that they have."
     
     "Really? How?"
     
     "They say that the spirits of the dead people talked to them, in
     their minds. Or that they saw an image of the person in the dark,
     who talked to them. Or that they saw the person in a dream."
     
     "Oh, you mean ghosts?"
     
     "Yes, son, ghosts."
     
     "That's what spirits are?"
     
     "If you believe in spirits, yes."
     
     "But ghosts aren't real."
     
     "If you don't believe in them, no."
     
     "What do you believe in, Daddy?"
     
     "I don't know. I don't believe in anything, unless there's some way
     I can prove it. I can't prove anything about death."
     
     "But that's scary! I wanna know what's going to happen!"
     
     "Tim, that's the way almost everyone is. Everyone wants to know
     what will happen after they die. But you can't know that."
     
     "That's just not fair!"
     
     "It isn't; that's true. But look at it this way. As far as science
     knows, when you die, you can't do anything anymore. Science doesn't
     believe
     
     in the spirit. They think that when you die, it's all over. So,
     from their point of view, there's nothing at all to be scared of
     about dying."
     
     "I... I guess."
     
     "You don't believe that, do you?"
     
     "It doesn't make sense. How could it just be all over?"
     
     "As far as the dead person is concerned, it is. You see, scientists
     think that the brain creates the illusion of a spirit; that the
     only time you know you're alive is when you are alive."
     
     "Oh," he said, eyes cast downward. "I don't like that. That's not
     fair."
     
     "I don't think it is, either."
     
     "Daddy, are you a scientist?"
     
     "No."
     
     "So what do you think happens to your spirit when you die?"
     
     I finally realized I wasn't getting through to him. He'd just have
     to wait a few years. "Well, I do have my own special idea about it,
     but I can't tell you if it's true or not."
     
     "What is it?" Tim asked, his eyes gleaming.
     
     "Well, it's this. I think that spirits are just like electricity,
     that run our brains when we're alive. And I think that every living
     thing -- even animals and plants -- have the same kind of
     electricity. In people, the electricity allows us to do all sorts
     of wonderful things -- to think, to believe, to love, to hope --
     and very bad things too. And I think that when you die, the
     electricity leaves your body and enters the air, and gives
     something else a spirit."
     
     "It doesn't go away?"
     
     "No. I think the spirit of life lives forever."
     
     "So all the dead people live forever?" "I... I guess you could say
     that."
     
     "So, Kimmy is still alive, somehow?" he asked, excited.
     
     "Yes, her spirit lives on," I said.
     
     "And there's no heaven or hell?"
     
     "I don't think so. I don't believe being alive is a test. I think
     you're judged by what you do when you're alive, right as you're
     doing it -- by yourself. There's no reason to be afraid of death.
     You need to make the most of the life you're living right now. You
     need to make good use of the spirit while you can."
     
     "Wow," he said, dazed. "Well, I better get started!" he exclaimed.
     "Thanks a lot, Dad!" Then he ran off to his room.
     
     I realized how his mind worked. He didn't really care about what
     was provable and true; he just wanted reassurance. Isn't that what
     everyone wants, when facing the unknown in such an intimately
     personal way? Yes, I guess so. I was left dazed myself for minutes
     after Timothy ran off to his room to take advantage of the beauty
     of living. I really hadn't even thought of it much before myself. I
     breathed a deep breath, leaned back in my easy chair, and looked at
     my hand. I wiggled my fingers around and smiled. Good fingers. Good
     hand. Good life.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "Creativity is for suckers... more naked babes!"
     
                            --cover of Probe #4
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     JUST BECAUSE THE WORLD WANTS YOU DOESN'T MEAN YOU HAVE TO SUBMiT
     by Kilgore Trout
     
     It was just the two of them in that room that night. Soft music
     playing, a cool breeze drifting through the open window.
     Unseparated, together. They watched each other over empty dinner
     plates, watched by drained wine glasses. Unity. Exploration. The
     air between them felt heavy and dense. It was a barrier and yet
     transparent as well. Cheap cologne and imposter perfume. Nothing
     mattered except being.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Let the process consume you. Become ritual, for it is not the end
     that is important but the realization of the means. Belief is a
     tool, not a dogma. Rip apart your mind and put it back together in
     varying configurations. Tamper. Reconstruct. Destroy. Rebuild. Your
     soul is your only guide. Know thyself, poison thyself, heal
     thyself. Then forget and begin again.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Manny stood on the corner, waiting for his contact, who was long
     overdue. The shipment had to be made tonight or the user would die.
     A blue Chevrolet pulled up alongside the door, and a large woman
     got out of the back seat. She handed Manny a metal box with a
     keypad on top. He grabbed the box and ran.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Elegant tapestries were flung on the floor in a careless manner.
     The shattered remains of vases and fragile sculptures littered the
     ground. He repeatedly pounded his fist into the nearest wall,
     damning his tormentors. They had destroyed his image, his position,
     his ego. Who were they to do this to him? Who gave them the right?
     He had, simply by being alive.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Explore, she said. Grieve for her and for you.
     
     I don't want to feel helpless, she replied.
     
     She smiled. No need to. Use this time to heal yourself. Make
     yourself whole again.
     
     But I can never replenish what she took away.
     
     She never did anything. That was her failing and her blessing, too.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Should I open it? he asked himself. The box was heavy and smooth,
     emitting a low, pulsating sound.
     
     Maybe it's a bomb. God, I don't want to be a messenger of death.
     
     Manny punched in a code on the keypad. The lid opened with a soft
     pop.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Love is magick. Love is magickal. Be used by love in all of its
     glory.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     The sheets smelled of sweat and cum. They slept peacefully, bodies
     still wrapped around each other from the night's activities. She
     lied awake beside him, a hand placed on his rising chest. The pulse
     of life, the rhythm of love. A sigh escaped her lips, and she, too,
     drifted off to sleep.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     He had phoned the police about the break-in, and they told him that
     an officer would be over shortly.
     
     They can't help me, he thought. They're in on this cosmic joke,
     just like everyone else. One, two, one, two. It's always the same
     story, the same motions, the same games. Everyone plays, but why do
     I always lose?
     
     He pulled an overturned chair onto its legs and sat down, waiting.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     Grieving is a sublime process, she said. You don't understand why,
     but it is necessary.
     
     It shouldn't be. Nothing should be necessary. It's so wrong.
     
     She turned away. What is so wrong about experiencing loss?
     
     The emptiness of it all. It's too horrible.
     
     Don't be empty then. Simple, no?
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     The void sucked at Manny with a hammering fixation. He held onto
     the doorknob, trying to keep himself from entering the box.
     
     Stop! Stop! he yelled as the box grew, inhaling furniture from the
     room. I can't die yet!
     
     Manny prayed to God, making promises that could never be kept, if
     God would save him. He lost his grip and flew across the room. The
     lid shut, and Manny screamed from within.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     You know yourself better than anyone else, so why fight it? Use
     your strengths to conquer your weaknesses, and be proud. Pride is
     not a sin when it is justified. The tools are at your disposal. All
     you have to do is plan and act.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     The cops came and questioned the man. He answered them without
     hesitation and listed everything that was damaged or missing. The
     officers took notes in little black books and said they'd do what
     they could. After the police left, the man spat on the ground. He
     was still destroyed.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     They awoke together, bathed in sunlight streaming in from a window.
     Their eyes peered into each other's as they kissed, ignoring their
     foul morning breath.
     
     I love you, she said.
     
     He grunted, stood up, scratched his bare ass, and walked into the
     bathroom.
     
     He's the man I've been looking for, she confided to no one.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     So, the funeral is tomorrow?
     
     Yes, she confirmed. One o'clock, at First United Methodist. Are you
     going?
     
     Yes. She was the only one I ever loved. You know that, don't you?
     
     I'll always love you, too -- even as much as she did.
     
     You can't replace her.
     
     I'm not trying to. You've got to move on.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     The reason for existence is left up to you. Find that reason and
     you will understand life. Searching can only make you stronger.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     The man stood outside on his porch, not wanting to be near his
     ruined possessions. He had worked so hard for all he had, for now
     it was all gone. Yes, it could be rebuilt, but he was too tired to
     start again. This wasn't the way life was supposed to work. He sat
     down on the porch swing and began to rock, back and forth, back and
     forth, back and forth...
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     What now?
     
     That's up to you, she explained. It's your call. I don't know. This
     is so confusing.
     
     As it should be. Just remember, I'm always here.
     
     Please, she begged. Kiss me. Make me feel wanted again.
     
                                 * * * * *
                                      
     The wind howled as Manny stood in front of the obese woman.
     
     What kind of hell did you put me through? he asked.
     
     That wasn't hell, she corrected. That was heaven: you alone with
     God. Get it?
     
     Manny whipped out a pistol and levelled it at her.
     
     Wrong. That was hell, and that's where you're going.
     
     Don't mess with me, Manny. I've got power. It ain't over till the
     fat lady sings.
     
     The shot put a huge hole in her head. As Manny walked off, the wind
     whistled through the hole, creating a discordant melody. He smiled.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
     "... A man can bare his soul only once in his life, and then only
     when he is hysterical! ... So what more do you want? Why are you
     still hanging around me, after all this, torturing me by not
     leaving?"
     
               -- Fyodor Dosteovsky, Notes from Underground 
                                      
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
                                      
                               Previous|Next
                                      
     WHOA, WHOA, REWiND!
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan
     
     I'm walking.... I'm walking in the forest on a dirt path. It's
     insanely green and summerish around. I'm carrying this large heavy
     wooden box on my head, on my shoulders. The path is covered with
     greyish soil and has some little rocks under the surface. I have to
     watch my step or else I'll drop the box. I don't know what's in the
     box. It feels solid but not like it's a block of wood.
     
     I have to watch my step. I have to kick at the rocks I see coming
     up so I won't get caught by surprise. I shuffle my feet in the
     dirt. Clouds of dust rise at my feet and made it hard to see. Yes,
     it's very warm, and dry. It's dry and the dust clouds don't settle
     right away. If I could look back I'd see them still.
     
     I move like a robot with the heavy box on my shoulders. I have to
     strain my eyes to look forward the way my head is tilted. Up ahead
     I see more path. The path is wavering from side to side. It is
     well-worn but the rocks are still hiding under the surface.
     
     All the branches of the trees are sticking high up into the ground.
     No branches will hit the box or my head so I can keep a steady pace
     except for the rocks. The leaves on the trees are bright green and
     caught by the sunlight. They are waving slightly in the wind. I
     can't feel the wind because it is so light. The wind is rusting the
     tops of the branches. My face is damp and burning. I can sense the
     dust from my footsteps rising and sticking to my face.
     
     I am walking along further. I look to my left and notice that one
     of the trees has a treehouse in it. I put the box down. I look at
     the treehouse. It's in the shape of a cube. The walls are made of
     plywood and square and thin. Doors and windows are cut out of the
     walls. The treehouse is very small. Only a child could fit in it. I
     remember the treehouse.
     
     I put the box back on my shoulders. I continue walking away from
     the treehouse. The path is well-worn. Dry grey dust rises at my
     shuffling feet and sticks to my face. I have to kick rocks out of
     my path. Straining to look ahead I see the path falls. The path
     descends and then is level. I carefully take the steps down the
     path and continue walking.
     
     I look up and see that the path ends. I am on a sandbar extending
     into a lake. Eight or ten people are here. Some people are sitting
     on the sandbar. Some people are sitting with their feet in the
     water. Some people are playing in the water. I walk to the edge of
     the sandbar. The sandbar descends sharply into the lake. The sand
     is yellow on top and tan near the water.
     
     I look at the water. I can feel the cool air that drifted over the
     lake. The water is dark green, almost olive. The water is never
     still. I hurl the box into the water. Before the splash I see that
     it is only a plastic blue crate. I look aside and my foot slips.
     Sand slides down into the water. I regain my balance and walk to
     the high point of the sandbar. I look at the lake. I dive in.
     
     The water envelops me; the water is so cold that my chest tightens
     in shock. But it is only cold in comparison with the hot dry air I
     had been walking in. Almost immediately I adapt; I find the water
     is quite warm and pleasant; I soar underwater; I'm free. I shoot
     toward the surface, and I re- enter the air and see the people. All
     the dust has been washed off my face.
     
     I glide toward the sandbar and touch it with my feet. The bumpy
     rocks poke my feet and tickle. I get a good grip on it and then
     shove!, swimming backwards in an arc down deeper underwater. I
     touch the lake floor with my hands and open my eyes to survey all
     that is around me. Sitting a few yards from me on the floor of the
     lake is a guy, decked out in a loose teeshirt that billows in the
     current and sneakers whose laces dance in the water and jeans that
     stick tightly to his skin.
     
     I turn over underwater and walk over and sit down next to him. He's
     sitting there quietly, his eyelids lightly closed, his palms turned
     upwards. A humble grin anchors his expression. The gently flowing
     water plays with his shirt and I can see flashes of skin underneath
     and I stare at his feet. Between the cuff of the leg of his jeans
     and his shoes he's wearing bright red socks.
     
     "Nice socks, eh?" I ask him. He tilts his head slightly to nod.
     
     I smile and I look around me quietly. The water continues as far as
     I can see, getting darker and murkier with distance. I don't see
     anyone's feet wading in the water at this distance. I glance back
     at the guy and see his eyes are wide open staring at me. With a
     jump, I fly up toward the surface and hit my head.
     
     "We're just in a box of water?" I say. His eyes are lightly closed
     and he tilts his head slightly to nod. I sit back down next to him
     and look at his red socks.
     
     "When do we breathe?" I ask.
     
     "Don't breathe," he says.
     
     I take a breath and water rushes into my body. I breathe out and
     water swirls around in front of my mouth. The water doesn't leave
     my body. I shrug my shoulders.
     
     "What are you doing?" I ask.
     
     "Concentrating on my blood flow," he says.
     
     I glance over at him again and I can see that he is telling the
     truth. His skin is a healthy pink. As I watch it turns slightly
     redder. It keeps turning redder. I don't remember seeing it that
     red before.
     
     Suddenly he opens his eyes, glaring, and screams, "I see you're
     content to keep on bothering me!" A frantic grin dances on his
     face. "Look at me now, eh?" he demands, lifting up his shirt. I can
     see his stomach and where the waistband of his underwear peeks out.
     
     "I wasn't looking there," I said nervously. "I couldn't help it."
     
     "I know," he says lightly, all the red anger evaporating from his
     face and body. "C'mon, let's go!" he exclaims, grabbing my hand and
     pulling me up through the water. I am eager to leave. I remember
     that we're in a box and when I look up at the surface and I clench
     my eyes tight.
     
     When I open my eyes, a confused mess of red light is shining in my
     eyes. I glare at the light and try to make it out. My mind focuses
     and I see I'm staring at the clock. It reads 4:34. I realize I'm
     lying on my side in my bed. I throw off the covers and yawn and
     slowly make my way out. I'm very nearly naked. I stumble over to my
     dresser in the dark and pull out some clothes and get dressed.
     
     A confused grin is on my face; it's been stuck there since I woke
     up, I realize. I feel my way out of my room and my feet kick aside
     the damp clothes I tossed on the floor in a daze. The light in the
     hallway is a little brighter. I walk down the hallway and stretch
     and yawn again. I head for the door and open it.
     
     Outside it is even brighter, but still very much night. I look
     around and find my bike. I get on my bike and coast down the
     driveway and into the street. I know where I'm headed and all I
     have to do is look down ahead of my front tire where my light
     illuminates the road and watch the pebbles in the gravel flow by. I
     feel energized as though I hadn't gone to sleep.
     
     At a certain point I take a sharp turn off the road onto a grey
     dirt road. My tires kick up dust and I leave it behind me. Ahead I
     see the path ends at a clearing. I get off my bike and lean it
     against a tree.
     
     I walk forward into the clearing, where a rocky precipice overlooks
     a deep valley. To my right I see a man and a woman standing and
     looking into the valley. To my left I see a guy leaning against a
     big rock, eyes lightly closed. I glance down and I can't see his
     socks under the cuffs of the legs of his jeans since he's standing.
     
     With my footsteps, he opens his eyes and grins. He pulls out a
     bottle rocket out of his jeans and shows it to me. Then he sits
     down on the ground on his knees and sets up the rocket, pointing
     into the sky. As he's working his shirt billows in a light breeze
     and where his jeans legs have hiked up I can see his red socks.
     
     "Nice socks, eh?" I ask him. He tilts his head slightly to nod.
     
     He pulls out a match and strikes it against the rock. The match
     flares up and he holds it under the fuse of the bottle rocket, then
     stands back and shakes out the match. He walks over and leans
     against the rock. I glance down at the fuse of the bottle rocket
     and watch it burn.
     
     With a whistle, the rocket flies into the air and explodes against
     the black sky into all sorts of colors; green, red, white, yellow.
     I glance down and see the man and the woman are in a light embrace,
     kissing. I glance back at the red socks of the guy standing against
     the rock. I glance up. He makes a sideward glance at the couple
     kissing and grins. I make a goofy grin, but only because I realize
     my pants leg is damp. I shrug my shoulders at it and we laugh.
     
   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--
State  of  unBeing  is  copyrighted (c) 1996 by Kilgore  Trout  and  Apocalypse
Culture Publications.   All rights are reserved to cover,  format,  editorials,
and all incidental material.   All individual items are copyrighted (c) 1996 by
the individual author, unless  otherwise stated.  This file may be disseminated
without restriction for  nonprofit purposes so long as it is preserved complete
and  unmodified.   Quotes and  ideas not  already in  the  public domain may be
freely used  so  long  as  due recognition is provided.   State  of  unBeing is
available at the following places:

                    CYBERVERSE   512.255.5728  14.4
                THE LiONS' DEN   512.259.9546  24oo
                  TEENAGE RiOt   418.833.4213  14.4 NUP: COSMIC_JOKE
             THAT STUPID PLACE   215.985.0462  14.4
             ftp to ftp.io.com   /pub/SoB
                World Wide Web   http://www.io.com/~hagbard/sob.html

Submissions may also be sent to Kilgore Trout at <kilgore@bga.com>.  Thank you.

   --SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-
                                 SoB-SoB--

                          Return to SoB home page
                                      
   
