A.E.
by Jun Wada and Makoto Horai
Published by Broderbund Software 1982

First came Sonys, then Toyotas, and then, from the research labs of 
Mitsubishubuku, the A.E.  Designed as a pollution-fighting robot 
intended to save the world, the A.E. slipped through quality control out 
into the unsuspecting universe.  While the fate of the Free World does 
not depend upon getting rid of the A.E., they have become a nuisance, 
much like motorcycle gangs or geese on the runway.

The Mitsubishubuku Company, in conjunction with Broderbund Software, has 
made this disk available to computer owners to allow us to aid in 
controlling this pest.  Note: the A.E. is not an endangered species.

A.E. is the Japanese word for ‘ray’, as in Manta Ray or Sting Ray.

Instructions:

After you boot the front side of the disk, turn it over and load the 
flip side by pressing the spacebar.  If you want ot speed up this 
process, you can skip part of the title screen by pressing the spacebar 
right after the initial boot up.

Controls:

Use joystick or paddle.  Press button 0 to start play.  Joystick or 
paddle controls left/right movement.  Button 0 launches anti-AE blaster 
missiles.  Letting go of button 0 causes launched missile to detonate.  
To destroy the waves of AE, you must detonate your missiles directly in 
their path.

Objective:

Your task is to drive these pestering waves of AE from the earth and 
push them far off the planet to the outer wastelands of the known 
universe.

You start with three missile batteries.  There are 8 levels of play as 
you drive the AE deeper and deeper into space.  To move onto the next 
level, you must make at least three perfect attacks--more than three as 
you move to advanced levels.  A perfect attack is when you annihilate 
every AE in a wave using your missiles.

Only when you have pushed the AE all the way up and out of our corner of 
the cosmos, to about 600 billion light years up and to the left of the 
Milky Way, will the finally leave us alone.  We hope.

Special keys:

ESC		Pause
Ctrl-R	Restart
Ctrl-S	Toggle sound
