
                     (-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)
                     (-)                             (-)
                     (-)     Alice in Wonderland     (-)
                     (-)          Softdocs           (-)
                     (-)                             (-)
                     (-)       Written up by:        (-)
                     (-)                             (-)
                     (-)      PAP Apple Pirate       (-)
                     (-)                             (-)
                     (-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)
                             (-)             (-)
                             (-) Call PAP's  (-)
                             (-)      Cove   (-)
                             (-)             (-)
                             (-)    (817)    (-)
                             (-)   732-8813  (-)
                             (-)  p/w : COVE (-)
                             (-)   300/1200  (-)
                             (-) 9pm-7am M-S (-)
                             (-) 24 hrs  Sun (-)
                             (-)             (-)
                             (-)*(-)*(-)*(-)*(-)

MAIN MENU

        After you have loaded the game and the introduction is completed, the
        Main Menu will appear with the following choices:

                Start Game
                Continue
                Disk Storage
                Sample Game


        START GAME

                To begin a new game:

                        1. Select START GAME on the main menu. You will be
                           instantly transported to the beginning of the
                           adventure.
                           Note: Selecting START GAME erases any game you
                                 may currently be playing, unless you have
                                 saved that game on a disk (see DISK STORAGE).

        CONTINUE

                To return to your game:

                        Select CONTINUE if you want to return to your game
                        without using other menu options.

        DISK STORAGE

                To save or reload a game:

                        Alice in Wonderland, like most adventures, may take
                        more than a day to complete. You can create a storage
                        disk to save a game in progress and then return to,
                        or restore, that game at some later time. See the
                        CREATE note below for help in preparing a storage disk.

                        After selecting Disk Storage, the following sub-menu
                        will appear:
                                SAVE    RESTORE    CREATE    RETURN TO MENU
                        Move the cursor to the item of your choice and select.

                     1. SAVE  After selecting SAVE, the following message will
                        appear:    GAME  1  2  3  4  5
                        Each number represents a location on your storage disk
                        where you can save a game. Move the cursor onto a
                        number and select. Follow the prompts on the screen.
                        Your game will be saved as that number. Follow the
                        prompts to return to the game, or shut your computer
                        off if you prefer to return to the game at a later
                        time.
                        Note:  You cannot save more than 5 games per storage
                        disk. If you try to save more than 5 games on the same
                        disk, an existing one will be erased.

                     2. RESTORE  After selecting RESTORE, the following message
                        will appear:  GAME   1  2  3  4  5
                        Move the cursor to the number you wish to load and
                        select. Follow the prompts on the screen. The game you
                        had previously saved at that number will load and you
                        can begin playing.

                     3. CREATE  After selecting CREATE, follow the prompts to
                        prepare a blank disk so that it can be ready for use as
                        a storage disk.

                     4. RETURN TO MENU  If you can't figure this one out, hang
                        it up!

        SAMPLE GAME

                To get a preview of WONDERLAND
                Note:  Do NOT select the Sample Game in the middle of actual
                game play. It will erase your current game.


EXPLORING WONDERLAND

                Walk:   Move the joystick left or right.
                Jump:   While standing still: Hold the joystick button down
                        and push the joystick in the direction you wish to
                        jump.
                        While walking or running: Press the joystick button.
                        To jump from a ladder or rope: Press the joystick
                        button and push the joystick sideways.
                Run:    Keep the joystick pressed to one side after jumping.
                Climb:  Push the joystick forward or backward while you are
                        on a ladder, rope or chain.
                Crawl:  Pull the joystick toward you when Alice is in a
                        standing position to stoop down. Push the joystick
                        left or right. Stand up: Push the joystick away from
                        you when Alice is in the crawl position.
                Fall:   Walk off the end of a ledge or a tree limb.
                Glide:  Gliding downward is possible only if you have a
                        parasol. Alice will glide if you push the joystick
                        button while she is falling. Once the glide begins,
                        push the joystick sideways to glide left or right.
                        Gliding upward is possible with a different object.
                        Select USE on the option menu to activate this object.
                        You may ontrol he directin of your ascent by pushing
                        the joystick left or right.
                Enter/
                Exit a
                Door:   Position yourself in front of a door and press the
                        joystick button. You may need to kneel down before
                        attempting to enter very low doors.

OPTION MENU

        The Option Menu:

                PAUSE       TAKE    ASK      SING     MENU   
                EXAMINE     DROP    COAX     TEASE    RENEW
                INVENTORY   USE     HELP     ARGUE    SOUND
                OFFER       EAT     CALM     SCOLD    DAY

        To use the option menu:

                1. Hold the joystick button down and pull the joystick towards
                   you. The menu should appear.

                2. Move the cursor around the menu by pushing the joystick in
                   the direction you want it to go.

                3. Stop on the option of you choice; press the joystick button
                   to select that option.

                4. To cycle through your inventory, push up on the joystick.

                Note: Whenever the option menu is visible, the game timer will
                      stop.

                PAUSE: Stop during the game then return to the adventure.
                EXAMINE: Examine unfamiliar objects you happen upon. Be sure 
                         Alice is standing close to an object you with to
                         examine.
                        Movable Items: items such as food, bottle or cups will
                        usually be found on the ground or sitting on tables or
                        shelves. Examining the item before taking it will give
                        a detailed description.
                        Non-movable Items: Items such as posters may be found
                        on the ground, on tables or attached to walls.
                        Examining these items may provide valuable clues. But,
                        Alice is not allowed to take them.
                Inventory: Displays what you are carrying.
                Offer: Offer anything you are carrying to another character.
                       Cycle through your inventory and select.
                Take: Position yourself very close to any item you would like
                      to take. If you can take the item, it will disappear from
                      the screen.
                Drop: Drop an item, if you are carrying too much.
                Use: Use various toos you may acquire. A list of the items can
                     be cycled through with your joystick. Select the item you
                     wish to use.
                     Note: One of them will act like a horizontal rope. In that
                     case, stand at the edge of a ramp facing out into open
                     space. Try to USE the rope-like tool. The tool will appear
                     if there is something it might connect to in the direction
                     you are facing. Walk or crawl out onto the rope.
                Eat: Eat any of the edibles you are carrying.
                Ask: Ask takes you into a submenu where you may choose one of 3
                     questions: Who are you?, may provide you w/ unexpected
                     info.; Where am I?, used if you're lost, but the
                     character's answer may be far from standard. Why are you
                     doing that?, is sometimes useful to ask the perpose for a
                     character's action or line of reasoning.
                Coax: Try to get something from another character by flattering
                      or soothing.
                Help: Offering to aid a character or actually doing so can be
                      rewarding.
                Calm: Sometimes a character has to be relaxed before he or she
                      can help.
                Sing: Cycle through your inventory of songs and select the song
                      you wish to sing.
                Tease: Some characters need to be teased before they will give
                       you what you want.
                Argue: Reasoning politely with a stuborn character may be 
                       nessessary to get what you want.
                Scold: You may need to point out a character's faults to bring
                       him or her to their senses.
                Menu: Return to the main menu.
                Renew: If you get stuck somewhere, RENEW will return you to a
                       familiaar location at the expense of losing a day's
                       time. If you get into an impossible situation, you may
                       have to use this option.
                Sound: Turn sound off/on.
                Time, Day: Many of your activities will be time-related and it
                           will be importantfor you to know the hour and day.

CONVERSATION

        It is important to talk to the people of Wonderland to get clues. You
        must decide whether a character is trying to help or trick you. Some-
        times a character will tire of your persistance, and ask you to come
        back later.
        Riddles: If you ask a character a question, he or she may respond by
        offering you a riddle. For example, the caterpillar may state:
        It sits above the crown, though queens never wear it. It is a _ _ _ 
        _ _ _. Type your answer in the blanks using the keyboard. Then press
        the Return Key. If you answer the riddle correctly, the character
        offers a clue that helps you in the adventure.
        Songs: You acquire a song when a character sings it to you. Singing a
        song may have a pleasent effect on a character.

IMPORTANCE OF TIME

        The adventure continues for 65 games days. Days used are indicated in
        the lower right corner of the Option menu. Twelve Wonderland hours
        equals one game day. You may keep track of Wonderland hours by the
        various clocks scattered throughout Wonderland.
        You will also want to keep track of time because the characters may
        not like the conversation and ask you to come back at a specific time
        to continue.
        Then again some characters appear only at certain times.
        Finally, certain doorways work only at certain times.