The Project 64 etext of the Bard's Tale II: The Destiny Knight
Summary Card. Converted to etext by Steve Varner <stevevint@alt.net>.
A table of contents with section numbers was added.

BT2CSC10.TXT, January 1997, etext #164.

*********

TABLE OF CONTENTS

GETTING STARTED ............................. 1.0
UTILITIES MENU .............................. 2.0
MOVING ABOUT ................................ 3.0
VIEWING CHARACTERS .......................... 4.0
COMMANDS .................................... 5.0
   Combat Commands ............................. 5.1
   Noncombat Commands........................... 5.2
FORMING PARTIES AND CREATING NEW CHARACTERS . 6.0
Making a Character Disk ..................... 7.0
Using a Character Disk ...................... 8.0
SAFETY AND DEATH ............................ 9.0
Limited Warranty ........................... 10.0
   WHAT IS NOT COVERED BY THIS WARRANTY ....... 10.1

*********

The Bard's tale II:  The Destiny Knight

[1.0] GETTING STARTED

Note:  Make sure your Shift Lock is OFF, and you have no joysticks or
cartridges plugged into your system.  If you have a C64, insert the
boot disk and type Load "EA",8,1.  If you have a C128, insert the boot
disk, turn on the computer, and the program loads automatically.
Press the Spacebar to leave the title page.  When the prompt "Insert
Character Disk and press a key" appears, insert Side 2 of the program
disk.  Press a key to see the Utilities Menu.


[2.0] UTILITIES MENU

The Utilities Menu contains the following options that you use by
pressing the corresponding key:

S  to S(tart) the game.

C to C(opy) characters from one character disk to another.  Follow the
prompts as they appear.  The disk you are copying from is the source
disk, and the one you are copying to is the target disk.

U to update Bard's Tale characters to Destiny Knight format and save
them to a Destiny Knight character disk.  NOTE:  You cannot transfer
Destiny Knight characters to The Bard's Tale.

M to M(ake) a new Character disk.

T to transfer Ultima III characters to a Destiny Knight Character
disk.

The first thing you should do before starting the game is make a
backup copy of the character disk on the flip side of the boot disk.


[3.0] MOVING ABOUT

I or Return                   move forward
J or Shift/ Left-Right Arrow  turn left
K or Return                   kick a door open
L or Left-Right Arrow         turn right


[4.0] VIEWING CHARACTERS

Press the number (0-6) of the character whose statistics you want to
view.  To make changes, press:

E to E(quip) a character with an item.  You are prompted for the item
number (1-8).  Press 0 to unequip a character.

T to T(rade) an item.  Type the item number at the prompt.  To trade
gold, type G, the amount of gold you want to trade, and the number of
the character you want to give the item to.

D to D(rop) an item.  Type the item number at the prompt.  Dropped
items are lost forever - you can't go back for them.

P to P(ool) all gold.  This gives all the party's gold to the
character being viewed.

The left-right cursor key moves you back to the first View Character
screen, which lists gold, experience, and attributes.  Press the
Spacebar to leave the View Character mode.


[5.0] COMMANDS

[5.1] Combat Commands

When you're under attack, you have two sets of options.  If attackers
are more than 20' away, you can choose to F(ight), R(un), or
A(dvance).  If they're 10' away, you can only fight or run.  (Note
that you can't always run.)  In combat, press:

A to A(ttack) all monsters within 10', using hand-to-hand weapons.
(Available to party members in slots 0 through 3.)

B to sing one of 7 B(ard's) tunes for one combat round.  (Available
only to Bards.)

C to C(ast) a spell.  Type in a spell code at the prompt.  (Available
to magic users only.)

D to D(efend). Lessens the chance of damage from an attacker.

H to H(ide) in the shadows.  (Available only to rogues.)

P to P(arty attack).  Voluntarily begins intra-party combat.

U to U(se) a magical item, or a weapon that is thrown or shot.


[5.2] Noncombat Commands

B to sing one of 7 B(ard's) tunes while wandering.  (Available only to
Bards.)

C to C(ast) a spell.  At the prompt, type the number of the character
who will cast the spell, then type the spell code.

D to D(rop) a special member from your party.

E to go up a portal.  You must use a levitation spell.  Works in
dungeons only.

N to establish a N(ew order) for the party members.  At the prompt,
type the character numbers in their new order.

P to start intra-party combat at any time.

U to U(se) an item.  Some items, like torches, must be activated with
this command in order to work.  Type the number of the character with
the item at the prompt, then type the item from the list that appears.
Some items run out of power after only one use.  HINT:  The Scry Site
(SCSI) Magician spell works even in anti-magic zones.

V to turn sound on/off.

W to go down a portal.  Works in dungeons only.

? to learn the name of the street your party is on, and the time of
day.

Use the Left-arrow key in the upper-left corner of the keyboard to
pause, and the Spacebar to resume.


[6.0] FORMING PARTIES AND CREATING NEW CHARACTERS

You can create characters and form parties only in the Adventurers'
Guild.  To leave the Guild, type E(xit).  More commands available
there:

C (heck) the roster of characters and party names contained on the
Character disk.  Party names are preceded by an *.  The characters
that belong to a party may be anywhere in the list.

A (dd) a character to an active party, or to load a party.  Type a
character or party name at the prompt.  Party names must begin with an
* (e.g., *ATEAM).  A party can contain up to 7 adventurers.  You must
have at least one real character still living to use the E(xit)
command.

R to R(emove) a character from a party and save to disk.

N to establish a N(ew) marching order.

D to bring up a set of additional D(isk) options:

C to C(reate) a new character.  Select the race and class for the
character, then type in a character name - up to 15 letters and
spaces.  Press Return to enter the name.  A disk can hold up to 30
characters.

S to S(ave) a party name.  IMPORTANT:  This command does not save
the characters themselves.  It only saves a roster of the currently
loaded characters under the name you enter.  The program automatically
adds an asterisk to the name; type the asterisk when you want to
reload the party.

D to D(elete) a character from disk to make room for another
character.

R to R(ename) a character.

L to L(eave) the game, saving all current characters to disk.

E to E(xit) the disk options menu and return to the Guild


[7.0] Making a Character Disk

A character disk is a disk on which you store your game characters.
The flip side of the program disk contains a completely outfitted and
ready-to-go band of adventurers named *ATEAM - a good group to start
with.  To create a character disk with *ATEAM, use a blank disk, or
one containing information you don't need.  Insert the program disk
with the label side down, and select M)ake a disk to start copying.
The entire process takes about 5 disk swaps; follow the onscreen
instructions until "Copy Complete" appears.  You may prefer to use a
faster copy utility instead of M)ake a disk.  *Do not* write-protect
your new character disk, because the program writes information on the
disk during the game.  After you copy the character disk, turn off the
computer and reboot the system.


[8.0] Using a Character Disk

When the "Insert Character Disk" prompt appears, insert your copy of
the character disk and press any key.  When the Utilities Menu
appears, press S to start the game.  Type A to A(dd) a character, then
type *ATEAM to load the entire party.  Type E to E(xit) the Guild and
enter the town of Tangramayne. To find out more about creating and
saving characters, read " How To Form Parties and Create New
Characters."


[9.0] SAFETY AND DEATH

Face it.  Streets where you run into wandering Kobolds, Werewolves and
Orcs are dangerous - especially at night.  So don't be shy about
spending the night in the Adventurers' Guild.  When you leave the
Guild, the clock is always set ahead to the next morning.

Don't despair if you lose a favorite *ATEAM member.  Cut your losses
by giving the dead character's gold and possessions to other team
members (if possible).  Save your surviving characters to disk, then
quit and reboot.  You can now load the character that was killed from
your character disk -- he only retains the possessions and experience
points he had when you last saved him to disk.


[10.0] Limited Warranty

Electronic arts warrants for a period of ninety (90) days from the
date of delivery that, under normal use, the magnetic media upon which
this program is recorded will not be defective; that, under normal use
and without unauthorized modification, the program substantially
conforms to the accompanying specifications and any Electronic Arts
authorized advertising material; and that the user documentation is
substantially complete and contains the information Electronic Arts
deems necessary to use the program.  If, during the ninety (90) day
period a demonstrable defect in the program or documentation should
appear, you may return the software to Electronic Arts (or Electronic
Arts' authorized representative) for repair or replacement, at
Electronic Arts' option.  If Electronic Arts (or its authorized
representative) cannot repair the defect or replace the software with
functionally equivalent software within thirty (30) days of Electronic
Arts' (or its authorized representative's) receipt of the defective
software and unless Electronic Arts and customer have agreed
otherwise, then customer shall be entitled to a full refund of the
license fee.

Following the initial ninety day warranty period, defective media will
be replaced for a replacement fee of $7.50.  Defective media should be
returned to:  Electronic Arts, 390 Swift Avenue, South San Francisco,
CA  94080.  Enclose it in protective packaging, accompanied by (1)
proof of purchase, (2) a brief statement describing the defect, (3) a
$7.50 check (if beyond the initial ninety day warranty period), and
(4) your return address.


[10.1] WHAT IS NOT COVERED BY THIS WARRANTY

THIS WARRANTY DOES NOT APPLY TO THE SOFTWARE PROGRAMS THEMSELVES.  THE
PROGRAMS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS".

THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER ORAL OR
WRITTEN, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY DAYS FROM THE DATE OF
PURCHASE.  ELECTRONIC ARTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY.

Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages or limitations on how long an implied warranty
lasts, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have
other rights which vary from state to state.  Address all
correspondence to Electronic Arts, 1820 Gateway Drive, San Mateo, CA
94404.  Or call us at (415) 572-ARTS.

Unless identified otherwise, all programs and documentation are
(c) 1986 Electronic Arts.

118603

*********

End of The Project 64 etext of the Bard's Tale II: The Destiny Knight
Command Summary Card.

*********
