The Project 64 etext of the Bard's Tale III: Thief of Fate Command
Summary Card.  Converted to GeoWrite format by anonymous, converted to
etext by Steve Varner <stevevint@alt.net>. A table of contents with
section numbers was added.

BT3CSC10.TXT, January 1997, etext #158.

*********

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Getting Started ........................ 1.0
 Utilities Menu ......................... 2.0
 Making a Character Disk ................ 3.0
 Code Wheel ............................. 4.0
 Pre-Built Party ........................ 5.0
 Starting the Game ...................... 6.0
 The Refugee Camp ....................... 7.0
 Movement Commands ...................... 8.0
 Combat Commands ........................ 9.0
 Non-Combat Commands ................... 10.0
 Automapping ........................... 11.0
 Viewing Characters .................... 12.0
    From the first screen ................. 12.1
    From the second (Inventory) screen .... 12.2

*********

The Bard's Tale III:  Thief of Fate

[1.0] Getting Started

Turn on your computer and insert the boot disk.  Then type LOAD
"*",8,1 and press <RETURN>.  The game will automatically load.  When
you see the Bard strumming his mandolin, press U to get to the
Utilities Menu.

If you're new to Thief of fate:   The first thing you must do is make
a copy of your boot disk and dungeon disks by selecting B from the
Utilities Menu.  Next, you need to create a character disk (see
instructions below).  When that's finished, put away your original
disks and play with the copies you've made.  Thief of Fate isn't copy
protected, so it's easy to copy disks for yourself... and hopefully
only for yourself.  (We don't want to be downers, but we've worked
hard on this game for our lunch money.  If your friends, relatives,
co-workers or neighbors want a copy, won't you ask them to buy a copy
for themselves?  Thanks!)

If you've previously played Thief of Fate:  You can still use any of
the options from the Utilities Menu.

To abort any action you start, press <--.


[2.0] Utilities Menu

B : Backup a data disk.  Follow the prompts as they appear.  The disk
you're copying from is the source disk, and the one you're copying to
is the target disk.  To create a character disk, see the instructions
below.

T : Transfer characters.  Transfers Bard's I, II, or III characters to
a Thief of Fate  character disk.  Not all items will transfer.

P : Play Thief of Fate.  This takes you into the game.

R : Return to introduction.


[3.0] Making a Character Disk

The character disk is a disk that you store your game characters on.
The character master disk is on the back side of the boot disk.  To
create a character disk, insert the boot disk with the label side
down, and select B.  Follow the onscreen instructions until "Copy
Complete" appears.  At this point, you're ready to start the game.

NOTE:  Don't write-protect your character disk because the program
needs to write information onto the disk during the game.


[4.0] Code Wheel

The code wheel gives you a numeric code that lets you transport from
the wilderness to the dimensions.  When you're in the right location
and cast the right teleport spell, you'll see four words.  Locate the
first word on the edge of the inner wheel, the second word on the
middle wheel, the third word on the outer wheel, and then line them
up.  Once they're lined up, look for the fourth word in the center of
the inner wheel.  Above it you'll see a numeric code; enter this code
to transport to the new dimension.


[5.0] Pre-Built Party

When you created your character disk, you also copied onto it a
completely outfitted and ready-to-go band of adventurers called
*INTERPLAYERS.  Use this party to test the features of Thief of Fate
and to get an idea of what type of party you'd like to build.  To load
this party, Press A while you're in the Refugee Camp, highlight
*INTERPLAYERS, and then press <RETURN>.  Press E to begin your
adventure.


[6.0] Starting the Game

When the Utilities Menu appears, press P to start the game.  If you're
not using the Utilities Menu, you can press any key to start the game.
Insert your character disk and press any key to start.

If you've previously played the game, you're asked "Do you wish to
restore your last saved game?"  If you answer "yes" you'll pick up
where you last left off.  If you answer "no," you'll start in the
Refugee Camp.


[7.0] The Refugee Camp

The Refugee Camp is the adventurer's hang out.  Here you'll create
characters, form parties, and do a number of other things.  Here's a
list of all your options:

A : Add a member.  Loads a single character or entire party onto the
roster.  Highlight the character or party you'd like to add and press
<RETURN>.  (Party names begin with an asterisk.)  You can have up to
seven members on the roster and you must have at least one living
character to enter the wilderness.

R : Rename a member.  Highlight the character you'd like to rename and
then enter his or her new name.  (This option appears only if nobody
is on the party roster.)

R : Remove a member.  Enter the number of the character you want to
remove or press R again to remove them all.  When you remove a
character, you also save him or her to disk.  (This option appears
only if somebody is on the party roster.)

C : Create a member.  Select the sex, race and class for the
character.  Then type in a character name -- up to 15 characters long
-- and press <RETURN>.  A disk can hold up to 30 characters and party
names.

D : Delete a member.  Highlight the character or party name that you
want to delete by pressing Crsr left/right or Crsr up/down and press
<RETURN>.  Press Y to confirm deletion or <-- to abort.

S : Save the party.  IMPORTANT:  This command does not save the
characters themselves.  It only saves the characters currently on the
roster under a party name.  All party names begin with an asterisk.

L : Leave the game.  Press <RETURN> to save all the characters on the
roster to disk and leave the game.

E : Enter wilderness.  This lets you leave the Refugee Camp and head
into the wilderness.


[8.0] Movement Commands

Use the following commands to move your party around:

I or <RETURN>         Move forward
J or Crsr up/down     Turn left
K or <RETURN>         Kick open a door or enter a building
L or Crsr left/right  Turn right


[9.0] Combat Commands

When you're under attack, you have two sets of options.  If the
attackers are 20 feet (20') away or farther, you can choose to fight,
run, or advance.  If they're 10 feet (10') away, you can only fight or
run.

A : Attack foes.  Attack any monsters within 10'.  This is available
to party members numbered 1 through 4.

D : Defend.  Lessens the chance of damage from an attacker.

P : Party attack.  Initiates intra-party combat.

C : Cast a spell.  Enter a four-letter spell code at the prompt.
(Available only to magic users.)

U : Use an item.  Use a magic item or missile weapon (one that is
thrown or shot).

H : Hide in shadows.  (Available only to Rogues.)

B : Bard Song.  Plays one of the eight Bard Songs. (Available only to
Bards.)

Press Crsr left/right to speed up scrolling of the combat messages or
Crsr up/down to slow it down.


[10.0] Non-Combat Commands

B : Sing one of the Bard's tunes.  Enter the number of the Bard who
will play and the number of the tune he will play.  (Available only to
Bards.)

C : Cast a spell.  Enter the number of the character who will cast the
spell and then type in a four-letter spell code.

D : Drop a special member from your party.  Enter the number of the
special member you want to drop.

E : Ascend through a portal.  You must use this with a levitation
spell.  Works in dungeons only.

N : Establish a New order for the party members.  At the prompt, enter
the number of the character whom you want in slot 1, the number of the
character whom you want in slot 2, and so on until all the slots are
filled.

S : Save party.  This saves your party where they're at in the game
with all their current possessions, skill levels, experience, etc.  If
you exit the game, the next time you load it you're asked, "Do you
wish to restore your last saved game?"  Answer "yes" to pick up where
you left off.  Answer "no" to start back at the Refugee Camp.  NOTE:
Unless you took the party back to the Refugee Camp and removed them
after you last saved, answer "yes."  Otherwise, you'll be playing with
the characters less the experience and items they gained since the
last time you removed these characters at the Refugee Camp (the
experience-ladened characters are still sitting out there in the
wilderness!).

If you want to transfer your characters to another disk, you must
return to the Refugee Camp and remove the party from the roster.  If
you don't do this, your experienced party won't be saved back at the
Refugee Camp -- the only place from which you can transfer characters.

U : Use an item.  Some items, like torches, must be activated with
this command in order to work.  Enter the number of the character with
the item, then highlight the item from his or her inventory list.
Some items run out of power after one use.

V : Toggle sound on and off.

W : Descend through a portal.  You must use this with a levitation
spell.  Works in dungeons only.

<-- Toggle pause on and off.


[11.0] Automapping

You can use the automapping feature in the wilderness or in a dungeon.
If you're in the wilderness, press ? to find out where your party is
and the time of day.  If you're in a dungeon, press ? and then
<RETURN> to see the corridors you've been through.


[12.0] Viewing Characters

Enter a number (1 to 7) for the character whose statistics you want to
view.  (Press <SHIFT> and a number to call up the stats without the
picture.) Here's some options you can choose from when you're in this
mode:


[12.1] From the first screen

P : Pool gold.  Pools all the party's gold and gives it to the
character you're viewing.

T : Trade gold.  Gives gold to another character.  Enter the number of
the character to whom the gold will go, and how much.


[12.2] From the second (Inventory) screen
An item with :] next to it means that it's equipped, so the character
is ready to use it.   next to an item means that the character can't
use it; he or she can only carry it until it is discarded or traded to
someone who can use it.

Highlight any of the items and press <RETURN>.  You then have the
following options:

U : Unequip the item.  This unequips the item so the character can
trade or discard it.  When it's unequipped, the character can't use
it.

T : Trade the item.  Enter the number of the character to whom you
want the item to go.

D : Discard the item.  NOTE:  Once you discard an item, it's lost
forever, so be sure you want to drop it before you drop it!

E : Equip the item.  This equips the item so the character can use it.

I : Identify the item.  This lets a Rogue identify any item that you
highlight.  (Available only to Rogues.)

*********

End of The Project 64 etext of the Bard's Tale III: Thief of Fate
Command Summary Card.

*********
