CannonBall Blitz
================

A Revolutionary New Arcade Game
by Olaf Lubeck

Disk 48K
Apple II or II Plus
Machine Language
Required Dos 3.3

"Cannonball Castle, fortress of the enemy redcoats, sits high 
atop Nutcracker Hill. It is your mission, as a rebel soldier, to 
climb Nutcracker Hill and destroy the castle. Not so fast though - 
there are many traps and obstacles designed solely for your 
elimination. Rough terrain and enemy troops are bent on your 
destruction, and a constant rain of cannonballs could cause a 
fatally large headache. Many men before you have tried and failed, 
so it's all up to you...

Cannonball Blitz is an exciting new arcade game that will have you 
climbing the walls (the walls of Cannonball Castle) over and over 
again."

From the banner page ...
Press either K for keyboard or J for joystick.

For Keyboard Control:         For Joystick Control:
        A is up.
        Z is down.                       UP
       -> is right.                 LEFT    RIGHT
       <- is left.                      DOWN
Space Bar is to jump.         (Press button 0 to jump)

At the beginning of the game You receive three soldiers. The 
number of soldiers you have at any time in the game will appear as 
a number in the top left hand corner.

To define your own keyboard control, press the "D" key after the 
banner page.

To remove the sound, press the "CTRL" key and the "S" key 
simultaneously.

To freeze the play, press "ESC" key once. To resume play, press 
the "ESC" key again.


You are the soldier. Your mission... to capture and destroy the 
enemy Guard's flag.

But they don't give up their flags easily. They send down a 
barrage of cannonballs and cannons - all designed to give you a 
terrible headache. To aid you in quest of the enemies’ flag, you 
can use the balloons or the see-saws to help you.

On the second screen, your mission is to make holes in the 
platforms all the way to the top of the screen and knock them out 
from under the Guard. Your soldier must cross over the trapdoors 
to make a hole. Beware of the cannons! A cannon can be destroyed 
with a hammer, or with enough skill, you soldier can jump them. 
Your soldier may also take advantage of the many ladders to help 
him to the top.

On the third screen, your mission once again is to capture the 
Guard’s flag. This time there are elevators to assist you. You are 
allowed three headaches, and then the game is over.

SCORING

At the completion of each level, a bonus is awarded according to 
the time it takes you to complete that particular level.

1st level - 200 for jumping a cannonball.

2nd level - Hit a cannon with a hammer, 200 points.
            The same goes for making a hole, 200 points.
            At completion of the 2nd screen, you receive an
            additional man.

3rd level - 200 for hitting a cannon with a hammer.
            Jumping from platform to platform is 100 points, 
            and jumping from Platform to elevator is 100 points.


ENJOY THE GAME!

On-line Systems

36575 Mudge Ranch Road
Coarsegold, CA 93614
(209) 683-6858
