                  (Documentation by The Gonif)

                -Catsend 3.0 - The final version-


Rather than append to the old doc file, I thought I would save
40 sectors and just tell you about the new features...

First, the siren status is located on the upper part of the
screen.  If there are '='s in each corner, then no siren will
sound, either at the end of the transfer or if an error occurs.
Conversely, if there are '-'s, then the siren will sound.
The siren is turned on automatically when you first boot up.

Also, there are now 4 new full-disk xfer options available.
Lopsided send/receive, which will xfer drives 1 and 2, and send
drive 1/receive drive 1 and receive drive 2/send drive 2, which
will xfer one person's drive 1 to the other's drive 1, and this
2nd person's drive 2 to the 1st's drive 2.

Due to a last-minute bug, Catsend 2.1 did not have a 2 byte
checksum, and changing the 2 byte checksum to a one byte
checksum induced more bugs (of course).  We completely re-wrote
the verifying routine, making it faster than 2.1, and more
reliable. (All bugs are now removed, so it is safe to put up a
Catsend line now.)  This new routine also works much, much
better over long distances than before.
Now you can create a text file called 'CAT.HELLO', and keep it
on your Catsend line disk.  After a user types in his password,
the file will be read in *very* quickly, and then will be
displayed until either the user types <ESC> or until the entire
file has been printed.  Due to the way Apple computers handle 40
column scrolling, structure your text file for 39 columns or it
will appear double spaced when printed out.

Control S will prompt you for a new disk controller slot.
Catsend will check first to make sure there really is a drive in
that slot, and won't let you enter a non-existant slot number.

Finally, it has come to our attention that someone under the
name of 'The Spaz' replaced our 40 sector doc file with a 7
sector one of his own, giving himself credit, of course, and
making a patch whereby you cannot receive a full disk.  He
suggested that there was a bug in that when you are in
unattended, people can send you a full disk, erasing whatever
new wares were on your disk before.
This is not a bug.  If you run a Catsend line, write-protect the
disk that has the ware on it, and leave the other one write-
enabled, so people can send you stuff.  I would think that a lot
more trading would take place this way than over AE lines as it
takes almost 1 1/2 hours to download a full disk using Ascii
Express, but it can take only 10-15 minutes to download a disk
using Catsend!  Malicious people can still erase a disk which
someone else uploaded, but they would have to call back to do
it, since Catsend hangs up on you after one complete xfer.
And since The Wombat and myself did go to so much trouble to
make Catsend for you, would it be too much to ask for a small
donation?  The Wombat still needs a 2nd drive!!  If everyone
sent $1 - $5, we could get him that drive!  (Still waiting for
someone to get us 212 cards...)

Well, that about takes care of it.  Remember, if you want us to
make you a hard-drive version of Catsend just write to us and
we'll do it!

Send donations and requests (and even comments; we want to know
what you guys think of our program) to:

   [Catsend]
   64 Oak Tree Lane
   Irvine, Ca
   92715


P.S. This version's special thanks goes to:

        The Anarchist
              &
        Mordo The Great.


