                         ^Extended Command Processor^
                                  Fact Sheet
 
 
 What it is:
 
      ECP is a ProDOS based combination operating system shell/program
 selector program.  It conforms to all ProDOS conventions for System programs
 and Program Selectors.
 
 
 Compatibility:
 
      Apple IIgs, Apple //e, enhanced //e, //c, enhanced //c, and ][+;
 any ProDOS  compatible floppy disk drive, Unidisk 3.5, hard disk, or RAM
 disk, any ProDOS  compatible printer interface, serial card, or modem.
 
 
 Memory Usage:
 
      The ECP shell program takes up about 16K of RAM when resident.  It
 automatically reloads itself into memory upon leaving any standard ProDOS
 System program (such as AppleWorks etc).  While the shell is in memory, the
 user has approximately 24K of memory available for his programs.  This is
 more than it seems as user programs can take advantage of over 100 documented
 system calls within ECP to shorten user programs.  Programs larger than 24K
 will work with the shell as well because the shell is automatically reloaded
 from disk whenever the standard ProDOS QUIT call is made.
 
 
 Features:
 
 1) 50 Built-in keyboard commands - to handle normal filing and communications
      functions.
 
 2) Transient commands - that are loaded into memory only when needed.  The
      user can add any number of external commands to the ECP system by
      following the directions in the documentation.  The user can also create
      new commands out of combinations of existing commands through the Batch
      program feature.
 
 3) Smart Batch or command program facility - Not only can you have BASIC style
      Batch programs with the ECP system, you can also create Batch programs
      with positional parameters and conditional execution.  This adds greatly
      to the flexibility of Batch programs.  You can have Batch programs that
      accept file name parameters and the like from the keyboard command
      prompt.  A typical use of an Batch program might be to check a large ram
      disk such as RamWorks (tm) to see if certain programs have been
      installed and to install them if they haven't.  By the same token, you
      can backup ram disk files to a more permanent medium automatically
      before you shut down your system.
 
 4) Online help feature - user extensible and customizable.  You can remove
      this feature at any time if disk space is needed once you become
      familiar with the system.
 
 5) Privileged CMDS subdirectory - a special subdirectory is set up so any
      programs or transient commands in the CMDS subdirectory have global
      scope.  This means that you don't have to remember the whole ProDOS
      pathname to access files in the CMDS subdirectory.  If a file isn't
      found in the current directory, the CMDS directory is automatically
      searched regardless of the current prefix setting.  An MS-DOS styled
      PATH command allows you to change the location of this directory at any
      time.
 
 6) Output redirection - allows you to send all screen output from any command
      to a printer, modem, or disk file with a single keystroke or under Batch
      program control.
 
 7) User defined function keys - Up to 10 ram-based user defined function keys
      are available.  The function keys can contain any line of text you can
      type at the keyboard up to 60 characters long.  This may consist of one
      or more commands separated by semicolons.  This feature allows you to
      run any of several programs or commands with an open apple - number
      sequence (ESC - number for ][+).  There are 26 disk-based user defined
      function keys available for a total of 36 function keys.  The disk-based
      function keys can invoke any executable file including basic programs or
      exec files.
 
 8) Terminal program built-in.  System shipped configured for the Apple Super
      Serial card or Apple IIgs built-in modem port.  User configurable to
      support almost any serial device.  You can write smart Exec programs to
      perform tasks such as auto-logons.
 
 9) Remote operation mode - allows you to access the ECP system via remote
      modem hookup.  It is also possible to set up the ECP system as a crude
      RBBS type of system though creative use of Batch programs.
 
 10) Full technical documentation to allow you to write assembly language or C
      programs that take full advantage of the internal features of the ECP
      system.
 
 11) Extended machine language interface allows you to write your own
      transient commands that have access to all of the internal features of
      ECP.
 
      ECP is available from Carolina System Software for $30 which includes a
 program disk (of course it's not copy protected!), user manual, technical
 manual, telephone support, update notices, and my undying gratitude.  The ECP
  system disk  files almost completely fill two standard Apple 5.25 inch floppy
 disks.
 
 If you should get a copy of the disk from a friend then go ahead and send in
 your $30 so you can get the latest version of the software and documentation.
 Updates only cost you the cost of postage and a floppy disk.
 
 
 To order, send $30 to the address below:
 
 Carolina System Software
 2916-A Chatsworth Rd
 Columbia, SC  29223
 (803) 788-7360
 
 
 Update:  Be sure to check out ECP-16 for the Apple IIgs.  It runs completely
 under ProDOS 16 and includes the ECP-8 package.  ECP-16 is shareware for $40.
