                       Documentation for EXECUTIONER
                             by Glen E. Bredon
 
 The EXECUTIONER will take a ProDOS file of any type and convert it to an
 EXEC file for uploading.  The file parameters (such as file type) will be
 correctly put in the EXECed file.
 
 Directions:
 
 0.  An ESC at any (Y/N) prompt quits the program.  At other places it
     usually sends you to the start of the program.  Hitting RETURN on
     an empty filename also aborts the program as will Control-open apple-
     RESET.
 
 1.  You are asked if you want packed mode.  A packed file is still a text
     file but is compressed relative to standard dumps and an interpreter
     routine is written into the file so that the file can still be EXECed.
     Packed files are much shorter than unpacked ones and are recommended
     for large files.  The packed mode includes a checksum and the EXEC
     will produce an error message if the checksum is not ok.  (The file
     will still be saved but its parameters will not have been fixed.)
 
 2.  If you chose packed mode then you are asked if you want 4 bit or 6 bit
     packing.  The 4-bit mode just removes space between hex bytes.  The
     6-bit mode is a denser packing in which lower case characters are
     significant.  It is possible that some people will have trouble with
     the EXEC of such files.  Time will tell.  For sizable files, the
     4-bit compression is slightly more than twice the original file size,
     while 6-bit mode produces a file about 45% larger than the original.
 
 3.  You are shown the current prefix and you can type over it to change it.
     Just hit return to accept it as shown.  Hit ESC to go to the start of
     the program.  You MUST set the prefix to the directory containing the
     file you want converted.
 
 4.  The directory specified by the prefix is read and the last file in
     that directory is displayed after a prompt for the file to be converted.
     You can use the up/down arrow keys to see other files in that directory.
     (The last one is displayed first because it is expected that that will
     be the usual selection.)  You could also backspace to the beginning and
     just type the name of the file you want to convert.
 
 5.  You will be shown some of the file characteristics of the file you have
     selected and asked if it is correct.  If NO then you go back to the
     start of the program.  If YES then the file is loaded for processing.
 
 6.  You are asked for the name of the destination EXEC text file.  This can
     be a full pathname if you want it in another directory.  If you hit
     return on the first character, the program is aborted, if you hit ESC
     then you return to the start of the program.
 
 7.  If the text file exists, you will be asked if you want it deleted.
     (A locked file is never deleted, that would defeat the purpose of locking
     it in the first place.)  If not, or if you answer YES then the program
     proceeds to create the EXEC file.
 
 8.  When the file is made, you are asked if you want to do another.  If YES
     then you return to the start of the program.  If NO, it exits.  The
     EXECUTIONER is a SYS (stand alone) program, so it exits through the
     "quit" routine.
 
 9.  Note that the created EXEC file always has a "header" placed at $E00, then
     the hex code of the converted file, placed at $1000, then a BSAVE command
     then a E00G or E05G as the last line.  Do not modify this last line;
     it is essential.  Also, do not modify the file name it is saved under,
     which is always the original name of the file.  This name is also in
     the "header" and if it is changed in the BSAVE line, the EXEC will not
     work correctly.  In the packed modes there is an empty line before the
     BSAVE line.  This is essential as it is the signal for the decompressor
     that the data is finished.
 
 10. If the original file is a BAS file then, after step 6, you are asked
     if you want a BASIC listing EXEC file.  This is just a listing with
     spaces removed and "PRINT" changed to "?".  (There is no check on too
     long lines.)  If you chose this option then previous answers to the
     packing questions are ignored.  This is just a conveniece feature so
     that separate means of making such files are unnecessary.
 
 11. You can use the "startup" position in the EXECUTIONER file, or the
     startup in PROSEL or other program selectors to specify the destination
     file directory (or the entire pathname if you want).  For example, if
     the startup is "/HARD1/MODEM/" then in step 6 above, this text will
     be placed after the prompt the cursor following it.  You can modify
     it just as if you had typed it.
 
 
