 
 
                                     Page A
 
 
 
 
                         TERMS OF SALE/DISCLAIMER !!!
  
  This copy of GBBS ][ is intended for use on ONE AND ONLY ONE computer system.
ONE ORIGINAL COPY PER COMPUTER.  Using one copy on more than one computer is
forbidden.  Unauthorized copies of this software can and may result in legal
action.  Greg Schaefer and GS Software make no warranty, either expressed or 
implied towards this software package, the accompanying manual, quality, per-
formance, or usefulness towards an application.  This software is in "as-is" 
condition.  Neither GS Software nor Greg Schaefer may be held responsible for
any damages caused by the direct or indirect use of this product.
 
    
 
 
   
                                     Page B
 
 
 
                               TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
 
Chapter 1     SETTING UP YOUR SYSTEM-----------------------------1
 
Chapter 2     LOGGING IN FOR THE FIRST TIME----------------------5
 
Chapter 3     GBBS ][ RUNTIME COMMANDS---------------------------7
 
Chapter 4     RUNNING YOUR SYSTEM-------------------------------14
 
Chapter 5     BBS MODIFICATIONS---------------------------------18
 
Chapter 6     USING THE CONVERSION PROGRAMS---------------------26
 
Appendix A    MODEM/RS-232 SELECTION AND HOOKUP-----------------28
 
Appendix B    GBBS ][ MAIN ROUTINES-----------------------------30
 
Appendix C    GBBS ][ VARIABLE LISTING--------------------------34
 
 
 
                                     PAGE 1
 
 
 
 
 
                CHAPTER 1 -- "SETTING UP YOUR BULLETIN BOARD"
 
 
 
  To set up your board there are three basic steps that must be followed.  These
steps are: 1) Configure GBBS ][ to your hardware.  2) Make your data diskettes.
3) Copy files, and start your board running.  If you follow these instructions,
then you should be up and running in half an hour or less.
 
                               I-M-P-O-R-T-A-N-T 
 
  Before we get too far, there is something that needs to be done.  Using COPYA
from your system master (or another disk copy program), copy your MASTER DIS-
KETTE onto a backup and put away the master.  Use your backup when needed.  When
the MASTER DISK is referred to, use the backup.
 
                           INITIAL SYSTEM GENERATION
 
  Now: RUN GBBS ][ CONFIG from your MASTER DISKETTE.  This is the program that
will let you setup your system to work with your hardware.  When the program
comes up, you will see a screen of 6 options.  To start up your system, choose
option number one: 1) INITIAL SYSTEM CONFIGURATION.  Answer "Yes" to the "ARE
YOU SURE ?" question. 
 
  First you will have to enter your name.  After this, your phone number is  
needed.  Since you can make this number available to users, you may wish to use
a voice line that you are available at so that they can report any problems.
You must now decide on a name for your system.  No commas or colons may be used.
The name is used in a context such as: "WELCOME TO.....".  If your system was
the "NATIONAL BBS" then you would have to enter "THE NATIONAL BBS" for your 
name.  If you were to just enter "NATIONAL BBS" then the context is wrong and  
at logon you would get the message "WELCOME TO NATIONAL BBS" instead of "WEL-
COME TO THE NATIONAL BBS".  Last of all, enter the date.  Verify that thisin-  
formation is correct.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     PAGE 2
 
 
 
  Next a list of supported modems/RS-232's will come up.  From the first list
of numbers choose the modem/RS-232 that you will be using with your system.  If
your modem/RS-232 is not listed then you may have a problem.  Some modems 
configure as others.  As an example, the SSM ModemCard can be configured as a 
DC Hayes Micromodem.  Consult your manual for compatibility with other cards.
If you picked of the RS-232 cards, then select the correct modem that you have
with your system.  If you do not know which modem to select, consult Appendix
A.  Enter the slot that your card is plugged into.
 
  When you get to the next menu, enter "Yes" if your Apple is equipped with 
lowercase.  If you have uppercase only, enter "NO".  This will NOT control what
your users see.  They will see lowercase if they have it, or uppercase only.
It will just be shown in uppercase if you need it.  The system has a time limit
built into it which controls how long a user can be idle before the system will
hang him up.  I recommend around 5 minutes.  If you have a printer then tell 
the system so and what slot it is in.  No special printer type is required.  
The last question is whether you want to place the driver in the language card.
If you do not understand this question then you should answer "NO".  For those
users that do place it there, you have to supply your own HI-DOS (a DOS that
runs in the language card).  I suggest using David-Dos.  It has been tested and
works well. Verify this information is correct.
 
  For the next four questions, it is best to answer [RETURN].  These let you
modify the characters that cause the system to take certain actions, such as
skipping a bulletin and exiting from menu's.  This is explained in greater
detail in Chapter 4.  Verify this information is correct.  Enter a [RETURN] in
answer to the next two questions.  Verify this information.
 
  Now you must decide how you want the files arranged on your disks.  There are
many answers to this question (unless you have only one drive).  There are
several types of files which will be saved.  They include MAIL FILES, BULLETIN
FILES, and SYSTEM FILES.  There are also other types, but they are not used at
this time.  MAIL FILES are files that contain private electronic mail.  It     
requires that for each different person with a piece or pieces of mail waiting
that 1 file is used.  If you have a system with 300 useres and 83 users have a 
total of 274 pieces of mail waiting then there will be 83 files used.  BULLETIN
FILES contain the public posted bulletins. One file per bulletin on the system.
The answer you give for the bulletin drive will just be for your main board.
You will still be able to add more boards on the same or different drives.
SYSTEM FILES are files such as your menu's and your userlog.  Two other types
of files DOWNLOAD FILES  and GENERAL FILES, will also be on the system disk.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     PAGE 3
 
 
 
  For 1 drive : All files on that drive.
 
  For 2 drives: SYSTEM FILES on one drive, MAIL & BULLETINS on the other.
 
  For 3 drives (or more): SYSTEM FILES on one  drive , MAIL on another, and
                BULLETINS on the last.
 
  Tell the program if you are using a hard drive or not.  You should answer
"YES" if you have a hard drive or any form of storage that uses the "volume"
parameter with DOS.  After this, tell the system what slot & drive each disk
will be in.  If you are using a hard disk then you will also have to specify
the volume.  When using a hard drive you should use the same slot & drive for
all the disks.  The volume is the only parameter that should have to be        
changed.  Verify the above information.
 
  The last piece of hardware that you may want to tell your system about is 
your clock.  If you don't have a clock, then just tell the system so.  If you
have a clock but it is not listed, then check your manual.  It may work con-
figured as a Mountain Hardware clock.  Enter the slot of your clock if present.
Last, enter today's date.  Make sure it is correct.  Some clocks don't know
the current year so they need to get it from the system.  The only way the 
system knows the current year is from what you tell it.  Verify the above
information.  If there is a problem in a menu farther back, press [RESET] and
type: RUN.  Otherwise, the disk drive will start again and the system will go
to work.  After 30-40 seconds, you will get the message:"CONFIGURATION         
COMPLETE".
 
                             SETTING UP YOUR DRIVES
 
  You will have to decide which drives store what on your system.  If you are
using a hard drive, then you will have to decide what volumes will contain
what data.  You are responsible for formatting the volumes.  Just get all the
volumes or drives set up so that you can copy files onto them.  This goes for
any type of storage you are using whether it be floppy or hard drives, 5 or
8 inch.
 
  If you have standard Apple drives, then you can use a provided program to 
make special high-storage disks.  A normal disk can contain 105 separate files
on it.  Unfortunately, some of the time you will have a disk exceeding this
limit.  This program will let you have 105, 161, or 217 entries in its catalog.
Also, there is no DOS on these disks which gives you an additional 32 sectors
for data.  This program will work only with standard APPLE DISK DRIVES and not
with special 80 track or 8 inch drives.  You can use it with a 40 track drive,
but it will only format the first 35 tracks unless you make the necessary 
40 track pokes first.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     PAGE 4
 
 
 
It is best if your MAIL DISK and BULLETIN DISK have at least 161 entries.
217 may be even more desirable.  Your SYSTEM DISK only need have 105.  To make 
these special disks, RUN DATA DISK MAKER form your MASTER DISK.  After it has
come up, tell it how many entries you want to have in your catalog (105,161,
217).  Then insert the blank disk that you want initialized.  After you are
done with the disk, the program will tell you how many sectors and entries are
available.  You should mark how many entries are on each disk so you can keep
track of them.  When the program is done, you can type RETURN to make another 
data disk or any other key to quit.
 
  You will need to make a disk that is called the BOOT DISK.  It will contain
the GBBS ][ program on it.  This disk will have DOS and will be the one that
you boot to bring up your system.  To make this disk, PR#6 your MASTER DISK.
Then LOAD GBBS LOAD.  Insert your blank disk and type INIT HELLO.
 
  Once you have made the disks, copy the files from your master to the  
appropriate disks.  Here is a list of files and where they go.  Use FID from
your DOS 3.3 system master to copy them.  If you have some special drive, use
whatever file copy program that was provided with it. 
 
     Filename            Disk name           Filename            Disk name
------------------------------------------   ----------------------------------
 
     GBBS II BBS         BOOT DISK           GBBS LOADED         BOOT DISK
     GBBS LOADER         BOOT DISK
 
     BBS #S              SYSTEM DISK         D1                  SYSTEM DISK
     D1/1                SYSTEM DISK         D1/2                SYSTEM DISK
     D1/3                SYSTEM DISK         D1/4                SYSTEM DISK
     DATA                SYSTEM DISK         DRIVER DATA         SYSTEM DISK
     G1                  SYSTEM DISK         G1/1                SYSTEM DISK
     G1/2                SYSTEM DISK         G1/3                SYSTEM DISK
     GBBS II DRIVER      SYSTEM DISK         MENU0               SYSTEM DISK
     MENU1               SYSTEM DISK         MENU9               SYSTEM DISK
     NEW USER INFO       SYSTEM DISK         SYSTEM HELP         SYSTEM DISK
     SYSTEM INFO         SYSTEM DISK         SYSTEM NEWS         SYSTEM DISK
     USERS               SYSTEM DISK         USERLIST HELP       SYSTEM DISK
 
  The BULLETIN DISK and MAIL disk need no files copied onto them.  If you are
using some other type of drive, copy the files from the completed BOOT DISK to
it.  To start up your system you will type: RUN HELLO from the slot, drive,
and volume that the BOOT DISK is located on.
 
  Your system is now ready to go.  Insert the BOOT DISK into slot 6, drive 1
and type PR#6.  If you are not based around normal drives then boot from 
whatever drive you are set up for.  Your system will now boot up and you will 
get the message telling you to insert the correct diskettes and type RUN.  When
you insert those disks and type RUN, your system will come up and you willbe
ready to receive your first call.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 5
 
 
 
                  Chapter 2 -- "LOGGING IN FOR THE FIRST TIME"
 
 
  Once you have your system up and running for the first time, it is important
to log in and set some things up.  Type "G" from the keyboard.  This will allow
local logon to your system.  You will be asked for "Last Name -->".  Use the 
last name that you gave to the GBBS II CONFIG program.  For your password,enter
"X1SYSOP".  The system will check your password and come up with the message
"Calling From (City, St) -->".  Enter the city and state that the board is
located in.  If your input is not accepted, enter it again but use fewer
characters.
 
  Now that you have logged on, there are many commands which may be issued.
You can do anything from reading bulletins to sending electronic mail to 
changing passwords.  The first thing that you should do is go to the bulletin
system.  You will be prompted "LEAVE BULLETIN ?".  You will want to answer YES
to this.  It will then ask you for the subject of the bulletin.  The subject
may be something like "THE NEW SYSTEM" or such.  Next, you will be asked who 
the bulletin is from.  This is only asked if you are the sysop of the system.
You may type in a name of who you want the bulletin to be from.  Normally you
would put "SYSOP" or "SYSTEM OPERATOR" or your name.
 
  After this, you will be dropped into the editor where you will be able to
enter the text to your bulletin.  You may enter up to 50 lines of text that
are 40 columns wide.  When you are done entering your bulletin, type "DONE".
This will tell the editor that you are done entering text.  You will then get a
"OPTION (?=HELP):" prompt.  There are several options that can be entered here.
The one you need for the moment is "O" for OK.  If you enter "O" then your 
system will save your bulletin and you will be sent back to the bulletin menu.
 
  Being in the bulletin system you can read your bulletin, leave another, or 
exit the bulletin system back to the main command menu.  We will now read the
bulletin that you entered.  Type a "1" and RETURN and it will show you the 
bulletin that you just entered.  After this you can type an "A" to abort back
to the command menu.  Enter a "T" and terminate from the system.  
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 6
 
 
 
  Now log on again as before.  You will not be asked where you are calling from
this time.  Now that you are on, type a "*".  You will be at the prompt "SYSTEM
(?=help):".  Enter a "P".  You will be asked "Pass#".  Answer with the number
"1".  Up on the screen will come some information about you.  Since all GBBS's 
are initially congigured with the same password, it is necessary to change it.
You will see that your password is contained in field "C".  Enter a "C".  Now,
type in a new password.  It MUST contain the number "1" after the first alpha
digit of the pass.  It can be up to 7 characters long.  Some valid examples of
usable passwords are:  A001AAA, A1BCBCB, A1BC, A000001, X1GBBS, X1GBBS2.  You
can have another number in the password as long as it does not directly follow
the first number.  Once you have selected and entered your password, type a
[RETURN].  Enter "S" to save this change we have made to your password.  Once
you get back to the "System" prompt press [RESET] and type: RUN.  You have now
successfully completed your initial logon.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 7
 
 
 
                    Chapter 3 -- "GBBS ][ RUNTIME COMMANDS"
   
                                     
  Once you have your system up and running there are a few commands that you
will need to know.  The first few commands are those that can be issued while
the system is standing idle.  (That is, when it is sitting waiting for a call).
These commands are: G) connect to the system locally.  A)nswer the phone and 
wait for connection.  Q)uit the system to BASIC.
 
  The "G" command will allow the sysop to log on the system from his computer.
You may then log on under your password as sysop or as any user that you know
the password for.
 
  The "A" command is for directly connecting with the person that is on the
phone line that the modem is on without re-dialing up your system.  This will
give out a carrier and attempt to get a connection.
 
  The "Q" command will let the sysop exit the program from the idle mode into
BASIC.  You will be dropped into Applesoft.  This command is just like    
pressing RESET.
 
  Once you are connected with the system, the next thing you need to know is
how to log onto the system.  To log on, just type in your last name and your 
password when you are prompted and you will be able to log on.  Once on, you
can issue any of the following commands:
 
? : The question mark will give a list of available commands most anyplace
    in the system.
 
B : The "B" will send you to the main bulletin board.  From here you can  
    type a question mark to see a list of commands.
 
    A: This will return you back to the main menu.
 
    # : Entering a number of a bulletin on the board will display that      
        bulletin.
 
    N : This retrieves new bulletins that have been left since the last 
        time you called.
 
    F : You can list all the bulletins starting at a certain one.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 8
 
 
    K : Kills bulletins you have left.
 
    L : Leave a bulletin for all users to see.  You will be dropped into 
        the editor to enter your message.
 
    S : This scans message subjects starting at a certain one.  You will
        be asked if you wish to "Mark Messages ?" before you start scanning
        If you say "Yes" then you can enter "Y" or "N" after each subject
        you indicate if you wish to read it later.
 
    M : With this, you can retrieve the bulletins you marked with the 
        "S" command.
 
  After using either "New", "Forward", or "Marked" retrieval, you will get a
line of options displayed.  You can use "R" to Re-Read the bulletin. "Q" will
exit back to the bulletin menu.  "N" or a [RETURN] will go to the next bulletin.
If you press "A" you will have to option to send E-Mail to the person who left
the bulletin you are looking at.  You will then go back to the line of options.
If you press "K" that bulletin will be killed.  If you press "P" then the 
system will print the bulletin on your printer.  If you enter "#" then the file
name of the bulletin as it is saved on disk.  The kill, print, and # commands
are available to Sysop's only.
 
  The following commands are for the editor.  Whenever you use a command such
as Send E-Mail or Leave Bulletin then you will have to use the editor to 
create the message.
 
  O : This stands for "OK". it says that your message is complete and you
      wish to send it.
 
  A : If you decide you don't want to send your message for some reason,
      then you can abort from sending it.
 
  N : If you messed up your message and wish to redo it, then use this
      command to start again.
 
  C : This will let you append onto your current text.
 
  L : You can list your message in part or in whole.  You will be asked
      for a starting line.  If you press [RETURN] then the entire message
      will be listed.  If you enter a starting line, then an ending line  
      will be requested.  If you enter [RETURN] then it will list from the
      starting line to the end.
 
  E : You can edit a line of your message by entering its line number and
      retyping that line.  If you enter "L" then you can list the message
      using the same form as for the "L" command above, but line numbers
      will be shown.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 9
 
 
 
  I : Using this command you can insert before the line number you specify.
      You can use the "L" command the same way you do with Edit.
 
  D : By entering a line number(s) you can delete one or more lines.  If 
      you enter [RETURN] from the starting line, then the attempt will be
      aborted.  You can also issue the "L" command which works as it does
      with Edit.
 
  P : Print contents of editor to printer.  Uses same parameters as list.
 
  G : Get a file.  With "G" you can enter a file name, and the named file
      will be loaded into the editor.  It will overwrite the previous 
      contents of the editor.
 
  The "P" and "G" command are available to Sysop's only.  The rest of the
system commands are as follows:
 
C : Chat with the Sysop.  When a user issues this command, there will be some
    bells on your end.  You can press a key to enter chat mode while the system
    is still beeping.  If you do not answer the chat, the word "CHAT" will
    appear in the upper right hand corner of the screen.  If you wish to chat
    with a user, press ctrl-A to enter chat mode.  This will work no matter
    where in the system the user is.
 
    Ctrl-A : Exit chat mode
 
    # : Entering a "#" then a number between 0 and 127 will assign the
        current user that security level.  This level will be permanent.
 
D: With this command, you can download public domain programs from this 
   system.  If you have a Micromodem ][ and called using the built in
   firmware then you can have the system save the files to your disk for
   you.  If you are using some other modem, then you need to use a terminal
   program with a capture buffer such as "Ascii Express Pro".  After you 
   save it capture it to disk and "EXEC" the file.
 
E : The system contains a list of stats on you, and general system stats.
    These include the last date you called, what caller number you are, 
    your security level and some of the options active.
 
F : You can directly send comments to the Sysop using "Feedback".  You
    will use the editor make create your message.  The Sysop will be able
    to reply to the message.
 
G : You can look at the list of files the system has that concern certain
    topics.  Enter the number you wish to look at or [RETURN] when done.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 10
 
 
 
H : General system help.
 
I : This will list information about the system such as software type:
    GBBS ][, hardware configuration, and system sponsor.
 
N : By changing the nulls value, you change the delay that follows a [RETURN].
 
O : This will give a list of other bulletin board telephone numbers.
 
R : If you have mail waiting and wish to read it, use this command.  After
    each letter you will have the option to "Auto Reply", "Continue", or
    "Re-Read" each letter.  Auto-Reply" will let you write a letter back
    to the person who sent you the letter.
 
S : You can send E-Mail to a user with this command.  Just enter the name
    of the user or their user number.  The user number is the number that
    is displayed next to their name on bulletins they post.  It is also 
    listed next to their in the user list command.  If you entered their
    number, then their name will be shown and verification asked.  If you
    entered their name, The message "Verify User ?" will be displayed.
    If you answer "YES" then you will have a wait while the system checks
    the name against all the users on the system to see if that user is 
    really on it.  Once you are done with the name or number, then you just
    use the editor to enter the message and it will be send to them.
 
T : This command will terminate your connection from the system.  Your mail
    will be deleted and your stats updated.
 
U : Using this command, you can get a list of all or some of the system
    users.  Next to all users will be listed their user number that can
    be used for sending mail.
 
! : There is an uploading section on this section.  It is not normally
    available.  If you have something to upload, then let the Sysop know
    via "Feedback" and he will get back with you.
 
* : SYSTEM.  The asterisks puts you into the section that is called SYSTEM.  
    System is a section that is for the sysop only that allows him to run
    his system.  There are many commands here.  Make sure you pay attention
    to these as they are necessary to run your system with.
 
A : ABORT.  This sends you back to the command mode.
 
C : CATALOG.  This allows you to catalog the disk.  You may catalog any
    slot & drive combination.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 10
 
 
 
D : DOS.  From here you may issue any DOS command.  If you need to specify
    a slot, drive, or volume do it via ",S,D,V".  Nowhere else should you
    use ",S,D,V".
 
** IMPORTANT : DON'T USE DOS TO CATALOG.  USE THE CATALOG COMMAND INSTEAD.   **
** IF YOU USE DOS, THE PROGRAM WILL RE-RUN                                   **
 
E : EXIT.  This will let you exit GBBS ][ into Applesoft.  You will then
    be able to program, etc.  You can issue a CTRL-Y anytime you are in
    Applesoft and do a soft RESET.  The equivalent of pressing RESET from
    the keyboard.  If you do press RESET then the connection between DOS
    and you will be severed and you must do a 3DOG from the monitor to        
    reconnect it.
 
F : FILE READ.  With this, you can read any text file on the disk with the
    exception of the user file.  The user file is a random access file that
    will not work.  You need just specify the name and slot/drive of the
    file and you will be able to look at it.  Exit viewing with a CTRL-X.
    Enter a "*" as the first char of the filename to dump to the printer.
 
G : EDIT A FILE.  Just enter the name of the file you want to edit or a 
    [RETURN] for a new file.  If you entered a file name, then you will
    be prompted for slot, drive, and volume and the file will be loaded.
    You will then be dumped into the editor.  You can modify the data in 
    the file using the editor commands.  When you are done, use the Ok
    command like normal.  You will be asked for a file name, slot, drive, and
    volume.  The file will then be saved back to disk, overwriting the 
    original file if you used the same name.
 
K : KILL USER.  With this you may kick a user off the system.  You need to
    enter their user number.  That is the three digits of the password.
    Ex: The user number of A001AAAis 1 as 001 is the number and the         
    preceding zeros are not needed. 
 
L : CALL LOG.  This will give you 4 choices.
 
  A : ABORT.  Go back to the SYSTEM prompt.
 
  D : DELETE.  Delete the userlog.  Don't leave userlogs aroundd too long.
  They can start to take up a lot of space.
 
  S : SHOW the log to you, the sysop.  Output will be to the screen.
 
  P : PRINT.  This will send the log contents to the printer.
 
 
 
 
 
                                     Page 12
 
 
 
N : NEW USER.  You may directly add a new user to the system without them
    logging on.  This may be desirable in some cases.  This command will
    not check for duplicate users.  It is assumed that you know that the   
    user is not a duplicate.  
 
R : REQUEST FILE.  This will show you one-by-one the comments received
    from new users that answered the questions that you put in NEW USER INFO.
    After you see what they have to say, you can either verify them or
    go on.  If you choose to verify them, you will be asked at what level
    you want them.  If they are a normal user, then the level needed is 1.
 
P : EDIT PASSWORD.  You must enter the user number of the user you want to
    edit.  You will then be shown their current status and be able to change it
  
  A : USER NAME.  Enter new name for user.
 
  B : CALLING FROM.  Where the user calls from.  Don't make this too long.
    The name and where they are calling from should not exceed 25 characters.
 
  C : PASSWORD.  With this command you can change the users password.
    There is a form that must be used though.  Passwords must be 7 or less
    characters long with a starting character, a user number which may
    NOT be changed and some more characters.  EX: A001AAA could be changed
    to A1AAA OR A1AAAAA.  This must NOT be changed to A2AAA.  The value  
    of the digit MUST be preserved.  (*> If you're changing your password
    then it is asvised that you logon, change the password, and exit to
    basic or hit RESET.  Don't do anything else.
 
  D : PHONE NUMBER.  The persons phone number can be changed.  The presence
    or absence of a hyphen between the area code and the number indicates
    that the number is either visible or invisible to other users in the 
    userlist command.  EX: 303-693-1064 is INvisible to other users while
    303 693-1064 is VIsible to other users.
 
  E : SECURITY LEVEL.  You may change a users security level to anything
    between 0 and 63.  This security system works on a FLAG/BIT system.
    There are 127 usable security levels that set different flags.  There
    are 7 flags.  Each one may be set independently.  In the normal system,
    FLAG 1 is a verified user and FLAG 7 is the sysop.  To find the value
    to be used with the FLAG combination, look at the following table.
    Just find the entry that has the flags set in the combination you want.
    Only 64 possible levels are shown due to the fact that sysop level may
    not be set in the file, only in the program.
 
  
                                     Page 13
 
 
 
                         FLAG/BIT SECURITY LEVEL TABLE
                         -----------------------------
 
     FLAG                FLAG                FLAG                FLAG      
LVL 654321          LVL 654321          LVL 654321          LVL 654321
 
000 NNNNNN          016 NYNNNN          032 YNNNNN          048 YYNNNN
001 NNNNNY          017 NYNNNY          033 YNNNNY          049 YYNNNY
002 NNNNYN          018 NYNNYN          034 YNNNYN          050 YYNNYN
003 NNNNYY          019 NYNNYY          035 YNNNYY          051 YYNNYY
004 NNNYNN          020 NYNYNN          036 YNNYNN          052 YYNYNN
005 NNNYNY          021 NYNYNY          037 YNNYNY          053 YYNYNY
006 NNNYYN          022 NYNYYN          038 YNNYYN          054 YYNYYN
007 NNNYYY          023 NYNYYY          039 YNNYYY          055 YYNYYY
008 NNYNNN          024 NYYNNN          040 YNYNNN          056 YYYNNN
009 NNYNNY          025 NYYNNY          041 YNYNNY          057 YYYNNY
010 NNYNYN          026 NYYNYN          042 YNYNYN          058 YYYNYN
011 NNYNYY          027 NYYNYY          043 YNYNYY          059 YYYNYY
012 NNYYNN          028 NYYYNN          044 YNYYNN          060 YYYYNN
013 NNYYNY          029 NYYYNY          045 YNYYNY          061 YYYYNY
014 NNYYYN          030 NYYYYN          046 YNYYYN          062 YYYYYN
015 NNYYYY          031 NYYYYY          047 YNYYYY          063 YYYYYY
 
  The "Y" under the flag means that the flag is set.  If the char is an "N" 
then the flag in not set.  As an example, lets say that we want a user to have
flag 1 set, flag 2 set, and flag 4 set.  TAKE NOTE: All users except new 
unverified users should have flag 1 set.  This means that if you have a 
verified user and his security level is of an EVEN number then they are anun-
verified user!  Now, back to our example.  Well, what we do is look on the 
chart until we find the set of numbers that have flag 4 set.  The first number
to have flag 4 set is 8.  We then look for the next number that also has flag
2 set.  We see that it is 10.  Finally, we look for the next number with flag 1
set.  So the end number is 11.  
 
    F : Upload privilege.  If this is "Y" then that user has one-time
      upload privilege.
 
RETURN : Lets you make a choice.
 
    A : ABORT. Abort changes and go back to the system menu.
 
    S : SAVE. Save changes and go back to the system menu.
  
  S : SET THE DATE. If you don't have a clock then you can change the date 
    to the current date with this command.  The format used for the date
    should be XX/XX/XX.  If you do have a clock then don't use this function.
 
 
 
                                     Page 14
 
 
                      Chapter 4 -- "RUNNING YOUR SYSTEM"
 
  Running a GBBS ][ system requires little effort, but there are some things 
that must be done to keep the system operating smoothly.  New users need to be
verified to keep the system disk from running out of space.  The system log 
must be cleaned frequently.  Once a day is recommended.  If it is not possible
to keep up with it, there is a way to take out the log file.  It is in chapter
5.  You will have to check the bulletin board and kill off old bulletins. 
Last of all, as Sysop you will get great quantities of mail.  You need to get
on and read it so that your mail is not taking up too much disk space.  When 
you log on the system there are three messages that you may see.  The first is
that there are new users, the second is that there are new bulletins, and the
third that you have mail waiting.  The first thing you should do is read your
mail if you have some waiting.  Once you are done with your mail, go to the
bulletin board if there were new bulletins and read them.  If there get tobe 
too many bulletins then kill some of the first ones off.  The number of
bulletins you want to keep around is up to you.  Just watch your disk space
and make sure that there is always free space.  
 
  After all of the above, go to the SYSTEM menu.  Start things by going through
the log with the "L" command.  Show the log and then delete it.  If you got the
message that there are new users then use the "R" command to verify them.  
You will be shown the known information on the new user.  His name and stats
will be listed along with the comments he left for you.  The normal questions
asked by the system before modifications are: 1) What is the users real name.
2) What type of computer they are calling with.  You will be given a list of
options after this information is displayed.  You will be able to kill off the
user, verify the user, or go on to the next user.  The best way to decide if
this is a person that you want on your system is look at the comments they left
and the phone number they used.  If they didn't leave their phone number or 
left junk comments, then they are probably not someone you want on your system
and are worth killing.  If you wish to keep the user, use the "V" command and
give them a security level of 1.  After you have finished verifying or killing 
the new users, delete the file.
 
 
 
                                     Page 15
 
  
  After theses steps have been completed, you will be done with the general
system naintenance.  You may wish to use the "C" command to catalog the disk
and check on how much space you have free.  Trying to decide what to do when
you run out of room can be a problem.  Better to keep watch on things and stop
the problem before it happens.  Last of all, log off the system.  
 
                            GBBS ][ SECURITY SYSTEM
                            ----------------------- 
 
  It seems that the most difficult part of learning how to run and modify a 
GBBS ][ system is how the security system works.  Once you understand it, you
will realize that it is quite simple.  The system is based around a group of
"switches" that we will call "FLAGS".  There are a total of 7 flags used in 
this system.  The flags are just like a switch, they are OFF or ON.  Each flag
is like a BIT if that helps.  In GBBS ][, you can set these "FLAGS" in any
combination for a user.  Since there are 7 of them, and they are independent of
each other, there are a total of 128 security levels, or 2 to the power of 7.
When you first get the system, only two flags will be used.  Flag 7 shows the
user is the Sysop.  Flag 1 shows whether the user is verified or not.  Flags
2 through 6 can be made to represent anything you wish.  As an example, if you
wanted to have 3 boards: general, 6502, and CP/M then with the following group
of codes you could make each of these controlled by a separate flag.  Ex:
 
  1315  IF I$="6502" AND USR(2) THEN BB=2:S=6:D=1:V=0:GOTO 5000
  1317  IF I$="CP/M" AND USR(3) THEN BB=3:S=6:D=1:V=0:GOTO 5000
 
  The access for the general board is in the program set for level one already.
In GBBS ][, the USR() statement is used to check the security level.  In the
above statements, USR(2) and USR(3) were both used.  These are the way flags
2 & 3 are tested.  In line 1315 we check to see if their input (I$) was "6502".
If so, then they wish to go to the 6502 board.  We then check USR(2) to see
if they have flag 2 set.  If they do then they will be allowed access to the 
board.  Likewise in 1317 we use a different command, "CP/M", and use flag 3.
Now either of these flags can be used to allow access to different things.
To allow a user access to the general board and the CP/M board, but not the 
6502 board, we would just write down which flags we want set.  In this case we
would want 1 - general board and verified user and 3 - the CP/M board.  We 
would then look this combination up in the "FLAG/BIT TABLE" in chapter 3.  In 
this case, the level needed would be 9.  An understanding of these flags will
be necessary if you wish to make any special mods to the system.  Make sure
that all users on the system have at least level 1.  Level 0 is an unverified
user.  Their ablitities are very mich limited.  More info on programming is
in chapter 5 and appendix A.
 
 
 
                                     Page 16
 
 
                             USING: GBBS ][ CONFIG
                             --------------------- 
 
  This program is used for changing the configuration of your hardware.  If you
get new hardware or change your current hardware, then it will be necessary to
tell the system so.  This program will also change a few software functions of
the BBS.  When you type: RUN GBBS II CONFIG, you will get a menu of possible
options.  If you use option 1, then it will configure your entire system.
This will wipe out your users, mess up your bulletins, and some other nasty
things.  For changing parts of the configuration, options 2-5 should be used.
The only option that I will explain here is number five.  As far as the rest of
the options go, they are hand-holding.  Option five will allow you to change the 
CONTROL KEYS used by GBBS ][.  Once you have used to system, you become aware
that there are three keys that cause things happen in the system.  These keys
are ctrl-S, ctrl-X, and ctrl-N.  Because ctrl-S is a known standard there is 
no way to change it.  Ctrl-X and ctrl-N on the other hand, can be modified to
fit your taste.  Once you select option five on the menu, you will asked for the
FILE STOP char.  This is the char, initially ctrl-X, that lets you exit from
bulletins, menus, etc.  Whatever key you press in response to this question 
will be the key that is used from now on.  [RETURN] is taken as a ctrl-X.
You will then be able to edit the message displayed before files are shown.
After this, you will be able to change the FILE SKIP char.  This is normally
ctrl-N  You can then edit the file skip message.  After this menu, you will be
asked for the MAIL DIVIDER.  Between mail and in some other parts of the 
system, there is a line of "-" printed to "divide" the text up.  At this point,
you can design a line of your own, the only requirement being that it must be
39 chars long.  A [RETURN] is taken as a line of "-".  After all of this, if you
like your changes then write the changes to disk.
  
                            USING: GBBS ][ USERLIST
                            -----------------------
 
  This program requires the use of a printer.  If you do not have one then you
can not run it.  This program assumes your printer is in slot 1.  This program
will get a list of your system users and sort them by name, phone, last date on,
password, or security level.  The sorted list will then be printed on your 
printer.  To run the program, insert your MASTER DISK  and type:RUN GBBS II
USERLIST.  The program will then run up and ask you for the field to sort by. 
Enter one of the choices.  Then insert your SYSTEM DISK.  The program will read
in all the users.  This operation will take a few minutes.  The program will
sort the users.  You can tell if there is a problem by looking up at the upper
right hand corner of the screen.  If it appears to be moving then all is well. 
Sorting may take a minute or so.  After that, the users will be printed.  
There is a delay between the time the program gets done sorting and starts
printing.
 
 
  
                                     Page 17
 
 
                            USING: GBBS ][ USERPURGE
                            ------------------------
 
  This program will kill old usersfrom your system.  Depending on the popularity
of your system, you will have to kill off users that don't call after a cetain
amount of time.  It is possible to do this by using the userlist program, but
very slow and tedious.  With this program you will be able to enter a date,
and all users who have not been on since that date will be killed.  If the user
had any mail waiting, then it will also be removed.  I recommend using this
program at least once a month at the minimum.  The length of time you wish to 
leave users on for is up to you, but I would suggest 3 months.  If a user fails
to call for 3 months then they probably are not worth having as a user.  To run
this program insert your MASTER DISK and type:RUN GBBS II USERPURGE.  Next
insert your SYSTEM DISK into its normal drive and your MAIL DISK into its 
normal drive.  If the SYSTEM DISK and the MAIL DISK are one and the came, then
put it into its normal drive.  Now tell the program what drive the SYSTEM DISK
is in.  You will then be shown the current date and asked for the date to kill
before.  If today was 12/03/83 then I would suggest killing before 09/01/83.
After you have given the date, you have a choice of two modes of operation.
If you have the program ask for verification before killing, then when it comes
across a user who has not been on for the appointed amount of time, the program
will ask you if he should be killed.  If you answer "YES" then the user will be
removed along with his mail if he had any.  If you do NOT make the program ask
for verification, then it will kill all users and their mail if they have not
been on for the allowed amount of time.  After the purge is complete, you will
be given some stats about your system.  The number of free slots is how many
more new users you can get before your user file gets any bigger.  The number
of all allocated slots is the current number of users.  The total number of 
slots includes both empty and filled slots.
 
 
 
                                     Page 18
 
 
                        Chapter 5 -- "BBS MODIFICATIONS"
 
 
  The following modifications may be made to your GBBS ][ BBS program and do a
variety of things.  Make sure you follow the directions.  If you don't under-
stand sonething then be extra careful when you try it.  Always make sure you
have a backup of your program before you make one of these mods.  After it has
been entered, try it out and see if it is really what you want.  DON'T SAVE IT
UNLESS YOU ARE SURE YOU WANT IT!
 
** NOTE: When reference is made to GBBS ][ BBS, it is made towards whatever
   the applesoft part of your board is named on the disk.
 
                       HOW TO ADD ANOTHER BULLETIN BOARD
                       --------------------------------- 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. Add a line to your program that will check for the appropriate security
   level and access the board.  In the example I will be adding this board from
   the command menu and it will be in SLOT 6, DRIVE 1, VOLUME 0.  The board will 
   be available to people with security flag 2.  The command to access the      
   board is "B2".
 
1345  IF I$="B2"  AND USR (2) THEN BB=2:S=6:D=1:V=0:GOTO 5000
 
   This line makes the new board accessible from the main command menu.  If we
   analize the line we see that I$ is first checked to see if it is "B2", the  
   command we want.  If it is then we make sure that their security flag 2 is set.
   If they are able to pass your criteria then BB is set to 2.  This will tell
   the bulletin section that you want to use bulletin board #2.  S is the slot,
   D is the drive, and V is the volume.
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
                       CHANGING EXISTING DRIVE ALLOCATION
                       ---------------------------------- 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
 
 
                                     Page 19
 
 
2. Now there are some drive allocations that you may wish to change.  Initially,
   the general files, downloads, and uploads are assumed to be on the       
   SYSTEM DISK.  You may wish to have a separate drive for these or just
   move one to a different drive.  Here are the lines that control these
   sections and what needs to be set to change the drive parameters.  The
   appropriate files will have to be copied.  
 
Download: D1,D1/1,D1/2,D1/3,D1/4
 1270  IF I$="D" THEN S=slot:D=drive:V=volume:DB=1:GOTO 4500
 
General files: G1, G1/1,G1/2,G1/3
 1290  IF I$="G" THEN S=slot:D=drive:V=volume:GF=1:GOTO 4800
 
Uploads: No files needed
1380  IF I$="1" AND (UP OR USR(7)) THEN S=slot:D=drive:V=volume:GOTO 4900
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
                      OKh	h	 
h	h
hEhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-----------
 
1. Use an editor to edit up a file named "Dxx" where xx is the section # you
   want to add.  We will use "2" for our example. 
 
2. Into this file put the names of the files you have for downloading and how 
   long they are.  I will have 3 files in this section. Ex:
 
01>023 SUPER-EDIT
02>006 DISK COPY 48K          
03>023 BACK SONGS
 
   The "Ox>" prompt is the editor prompt, and should not be entered into your
   file.  The length is the file size in sectors minus 1.
 
3. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
4. Add the line that will access the new board.  We will say that our new 
   section is in SLOT 6, DRIVE 2.  We already know that it is section # 2.  
   We will make "D2" the command to access it.  The required security is flag
   2.  We will add a line that looks like:
 
1275 IF I$="D2" AND USR(2) THEN DB=2:S=6:D=2:V=0:GOTO 4500 
 
5. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
 
 
                                     Page 20
 
 
                         HOW TO ADD FEEDBACK TO A USER
                         ----------------------------- 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. As it happens, we have an online D&D game going on and we would like the   
   players to have an easy way to leave their comments and questions to the
   Dungeon Master.  The problem is: You are not the DM, another user is.  How do
   we add a FEEDBACK section for our DM?  Well, our DM's name is "THE DM" (real
   original) and we want these comments labeled "<><> COMMENTS TO YOUR HIGH-
   NESS <><>".  The "<><>" are just on the line to make it look nice.  It does
   not affect the performance of this mod.  Adding this line would enable us 
   to leave the feedback.
 
1375  IF I$="DM" AND USR (3) THEN 1500
   DM is the name of our command.  The Dungeon is only accessible to those 
   people of security level 3.  You must branch to a separate part of the 
   program as this command requires more than 1 line. 
 
1500 O$=EL$+"A question to the DM"+EL$:GOSUB 7000:GOSUB 7100
1510  IF NOT X THEN O$=EL$+"ABORTED":GOTO 7000
1520  D1$="THE DM"D2$="<><> COMMENTS TO YOUR HIGHNESS <><>"
1530  D3$=".COMMENT SAVED":CR=1:GOTO 6800
 
  Line 1500 just tells the user what he is into.  Line 1510 goes to the editor.
  If X=0 then they are aborted.  Line 1520 will abort them.  Otherwise the 
  appropriate variable are set.  D1$="who you are sending to".  D2$="heading 
  for the letter".  D3$="response when letter is saved".  CR must be set to 1 or
  D2$ will not be added.  If you don't want D2$ at the top of the letter then
  set CR=0.  The command does not need to stretch over 4 lines as it did.  Here
  is how the same command can be written.
 
1500  O$=EL$+"A QUESTION TO HIS HIGHNESS":GOSUB 7000:GOSUB 7100:IF NOT X THEN
      O$=EL$+"ABORTED":GOTO 7000
1510  D1$="THE DM":D2$="<><> COMMENTS TO YOUR HIGHNESS <><>":D3$=".COMMENTS
      SAVED":CR=1:GOTO 8600
 
  We just did the same thing as we did in 4 lines in 2 lines. 
  
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
                          HOW TO ADD SYSOP AUTO-LOGON
                          ---------------------------  
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
 
 
                                     Page 21
 
 
2. Well, well, we have gotten tired of typing in who we are and our password,
  and we want to be able to have our board auto log us in.  Our name is "JOE 
  SHMUK"and our password is "U001DZN".  We just need add a line and auto-logon 
  becomes possible.
 
220  IF NOT PEEK(966) THEN O$=EL$+"AUTO LOGON ?":GOSUB 7000:GOSUB 8300:
     IF I$="Y" THEN A2$="SHMUK":A3$="U0001DZN":GOTO 540
 
  We use PEEK(966) to check and g9%
 v the local console.  We were
  then asked if we wanted to auto-logon.  If we did then is just assigned our
  last name and password and jumped to the "check your password" routine.
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
                              ADDING OTHER SYSOPS
                              -------------------  
 
1.Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. This is extremely simple.  Just a warning that when I say add another sysop,
  I mean another person that has power equal to your own.  To do this we just
  add an extra line to the program that checks their name against that of the
  persons logging on.  When they log on, sec 7 is set which enables access to
  the sysop commands.  In our example , "FRED BAXTER" is our second sysop.
 
1035  IF A1$+" "+A2$="FRED BAXTER" THEN POKE 972,PEEK(972)+64        or
1035  IF A1$+A2$="FREDBAXTER" THEN POKE 972,PEEK(972)+64
 
  Either of the above will set security flag 7.
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
               HOW TO LOAD IN A DIFFERENT DEFAULT BULLETIN BOARD
               ------------------------------------------------- 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS. 
 
2. Currently line 190 loads the default board.  BB is set to the board you 
  want to load.  The routine at 8600 is then called.  If you wanted to have
  board 2 loaded in when people called then you would change the line to:
 
190  BB=2:S=B1:D=B2:V=B3:GOSUB 8400: IF CT$<>DA$ THEN CT=1:CT$=DA$
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
 
 
                                     Page 22
 
 
             HOW TO CHANGE THE NUMBER OF LINES THE EDITOR WILL HOLD
             ------------------------------------------------------ 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. Well, you now have your new 5 meg hard disk and you want to let people 
  leave bulletins and mail all the way up to 100 lines.  Unfortunately it seems
  that it will only hold 50 right now.  To fix this we just need to change one
  line.  Line 110 holds a variable that controls how many lines are in the 
  editor.  Just change line 120 from:
 
120  VW=39:ML=50: DIM D$(ML+5),T$(129),N%(129)
     to
120  VW=39:ML=100:DIM D$(ML+5),T$(129),N%(129)
 
  Notice that the variable ML is what controls that number of lines available
  in the editor.
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
                       HOW TO ADD ANOTHER COMMAND SECTION
                       ---------------------------------- 
 
1.Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. Well, it seems that we want to have a D & D section on our board, and we 
  are not happy with just adding another bulletin board that could be accessed
  from the main board.  We want a totally new section with new commands.  We
  want it to be for players only.  Adding a second command section is not 
  complicated at all.  To do this, we will just dedicate a group of lines to
  our new section.  Then we will use Applesoft's GOSUB command to remember  
  what board we came from.  The first thing that you must understand about 
  sections, is that they are like sub-routines.  They use GOSUB's within 
  themselves.  In other words, you use RETURN statements to get back to the 
  top of the section.  To exit from the section to the section it came from,
  you do a POP then a RETURN.  If you don't understand this then don't be too
  alarmed, I still find myself wondering at times.  The first two lines of the
  board must be in a special format.  They are like the following.
 
1500  O$=EL$+EL$+"D&D COMMAND:":GOSUB 7000:GOSUB 8000
1510  GOSUB 1520:GOTO 1500
 
  Line 1510 is the line we MUST have.  Line 1500 can be in any format you like.
  I will try to explain how line 1510 works.  When you do a GOSUB and a RERURN,
  program control returns to the statement after the  GOSUB.  In this case, we
  GOSUB the next line.  After a command is finished, it RETURN's to line 1510
  but after the GOSUB.  You see that the next statement is a GOTO 1500.  This
  goes back to the beginning of the section.
 
 
 
                                     Page 23
 
 
  If we were to go to another board, then the stack would not be popped, and
  in simpler terms, it would remember where it came from.  Just make sure that
  you do not use a GOTO command.  If you insist on using a GOTO then a POP 
  must first be used.  For the rest of our section we might have something like:
 
1520  IF I$="?" THEN F$="D & D MENU":S=1:D=J:RT=1:GOTO 9500
1530  IF I$="B" THEN BB=2:S=6:D=1:GOTO 5000
1540  IF I$="T" THEN 4000
1550  O$=EL$+"ILLEGAL COMMAND":GOSUB 7000:RETURN
  or
1550  O$=EL$+"ILLEGAL COMMAND":GOTO 7000
 
  The reason that GOTO's are used in the IF/THEN's is that there is a RETURN
  at the end of all of the used routines.  The second line 1510 uses a GOTO 7000
  instead of a GOSUB/RETURN sequence.  There is a RETURN at the end of each
  sub-routine, so by using a GOTO we just use the RETURN at the end of the 7000
  routine.  It is more efficient than the GOSUB/ROUTINE method.  
 
3. After your section is finished, write up a menu for it.
 
4. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
                         HOW TO ADD AUTO-LOGOFF ABILITY
                         ------------------------------ 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. Well, it seems that we have gotten a VERY popular board.  So popular in fact
  that we have problems getting on ourselves.  It seems that there is always
  somebody on when we come in to get on.  Well, here is the answer.  We will
  add a mod that will allow us to press BUTTON #0 on our paddles and auto-logoff
  the person who is on.  This is much better then hitting RESET because all
  the current board stats will be saved back to disk rather than being lost.  
  The way we are going to add this command is to check and see if the paddle
  button is being held down.  If it is, then we will make the program think
  that it has lost carrier causing it to logoff the person who is online. 
  Line 8010 of the program:
 
8010  IF PEEK(960)=255 THEN POP:GOTO 4025
 
  Is the line that checks for carrier loss.  The only thing that needs doing
  is to change the line to say:  
 
8010  IF PEEK(960)=255 OR PEEK(-16287)>127 THEN POP:GOTO 4025
 
 
 
                                     Page 24
 
 
  If you look up location -16287 you will notice that it is the check for  
  button #0.  If we put this mod in and press the button while somebody is
  online then they will be logged off without any knowledge of what is hap-
  pening.  You must hold down the button during the time that the user press a
  [RETURN] or you can press it for them.  YOU MUST BE HOLDING DOWN THE BUTTON
  WHEN [RETURN] IS PRESSED.  
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS  back to disk.
 
                    HOW TO ADD ANOTHER GENERAL FILES SECTION
                    ---------------------------------------- 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
2. All that will really have to be done is edit up a file and add one line
  to the program.  We may have as many general sections as we want.  The      
  following will add the section.  
 
1355  IF I$="G2" AND USR(1) THEN S=6:D=1:V=0:GF=2:GOTO 4800
 
  The command to access this section is "G2".  They must also have flag 1 set.
  GF is two because this is the second section.  I used slot 6, drive 1,       
  volume 0.
 
3. Save GBBS ][ BBS back to disk.
 
4. Edit up the directory for the available files.  The first line of this file
  must tell how many files there are available.  The file must be on the drive
  specified in the program.  The file must be named "Gsection#".  Since we are
  using section two, we would call our file "G2".  An example directory might
  look like:
 
4
1> DISK DRIVE TUNE UP.
2> ERROR DIAGNOSIS
3> TIPS ON APPLESOFT
4> GRAPHICS TRICKS
 
  The files must be named in the form "Gsection#/file#".  In this case, the 
  file dealing with ERROR DIAGNOSIS would be named "G2/2".  All the files must
  be on the drive you specified.  You can use any editor to make this file.
  The build in editor works fine.
  
                      HOW TO ADD A TIME LIMIT
                      ----------------------- 
 
1. Load in GBBS ][ BBS.
 
 
 
                                     Page 25
 
 
2. Due to the volume and lenght of calls that the system is receiving, it 
  seems that we need to add a time limit to keep the system running smoothly.
  With this mod, you will be able to select any time limit, and any user on for
  that length of time will be logged off.  To accomplish this, we will add a
  subroutine that we will GOSUB whenever we want to check the time they have 
  been on.  We don't want to log them off if they are in the middle of leaving
  a letter or something.  We will add our routine at 2000.
 
      
 
2000  IF USR(7) THEN RETURN
2010  GOSUB 8400:T=INT(T/60):IF T<30 THEN RETURN
2020  POP: O$=EL$+"Time limit exceeded":GOSUB 7000:GOTO 4010
 
  This routine will log off users after 30 minutes.  To change the length of 
the call, alter the IF/THEN statement in line 2010 to check and see: "IF T<
time limit THEN RETURN".  To check and see: if the user has been on too long 
just add GOSUB 2000 statements in places where you would like them logged off.
I suggest:
 
1200  GOSUB 2000:RT=2:S=1:D=J:V=K:O$=EL$+"COMMAND (?=HELP):"
5050  GOSUB 2000: O$=EL$+EL$+"OPTION (?=HELP):":GOSUB 7000:GOSUB 8100:
      I$=LEFT$(I$,1):IF I$="A" THEN RETURN
5580  GOSUB 2000:IF PEEK(960)=3 THEN POP:GOTO 5050
 
  In these 3 spots, users will be logged off when reading bulletins or issuing
  commands.  They will not be terminated when leaving a bulletin or mail. 
  This time limit does affect the Sysop.
 
4. Save GBBS ][ back to disk.
 
                              DATA FILE STRUCTURE
                              ------------------- 
 
There is a file on the SYSTEM DISK called: DATA.  This file contains informa-
tion vital to the correct operation of your system.  The following is a list
of the structure of that file and what the information means.  If by some 
chance, your DATA file is destroyed, you may be able to re-create it.
 
Line 1: Printer slot, Clock slot, Current year (/84), Current date (xx/xx/xx).
Line 2: Caller number, Next bulletin number to be used,  Number of users, 
        Calls today.
line 3: System slot, drive, volume,E-Mail slot, drive, volume,Bulletin board #1
        slot, drive, volume.
Line 4: Name of sysop, Name of system.
Line 5: Counter for welcome message, Date for calls today.
Line 6: Mail divider.
Line 7: File stop char, File stop message.
Line 8: Bulletin next char, Bulletin next message.
 
 
 
                                     Page 26
 
 
                   Chapter 6 -- "CONVERSION/UPDATE PROGRAMS"
 
 
  With every GBBS ][ system is included three conversion programs.  Two of 
these programs will allow former Net-Works V2.3 Sysops to convert their users
and bulletins over to GBBS ][ format.  The other will allow GBBS ][ owners to
update their systems from older pre-version 1.7 GBBS ][ systems to the new
version 1.7.
 
                       NET-WORKS --> GBBS ][ USER CONVERT
                       ---------------------------------- 
 
  For those Sysops that used to run Net-Works systems, they may wish to update
their USERFILE so that their previous users can log onto their GBBS ][ system
using their old passwords.  This program will convert the users so that all
of the information including name, password, phone number, and last date
called are preserved.  It will make the first user of the old Net-Works system 
the Sysop of the new new GBBS ][ system.  Validated users from the old system
will be set at level 1 on the new system.  All unverified users will be set to
level 0.  You must have already configured you GBBS ][ system.  Then copy the
file from the old system named: NW.USERS.SYS to the GBBS ][ SYSTEM DISK.
Delete the file named: USERS from the GBBS ][ SYSTEM DISK.  Insert the 
GBBS ][ MASTER DISK and type: RUN NW->GBBS USERS.  When the program comes up
insert the GBBS ][ SYSTEM DISK into the drive.  If you do indeed have the file:
NW.USERS.SYS on the system disk, then enter "Yes" to continue.  Tell the 
program which drive the disk is in.  The program will then proceed to convert
all the users.  Once finished, the Systop of the old system will also be the
Sysop of the new one.
 
                NET-WORKS --> GBBS ][ BULLETIN CONVERT
                -------------------------------------- 
 
  If you are converting over from an old Net-Works system, then you may wish
to change over your bulletins so that they will work on your GBBS ][ system.
The converted bulletins look a little strange on the new system, but all the
information is still there.  Once converted, only the Sysop of the new system
may delete the bulletins.  An example of a converted bulletin might look     
like this:
 
 
 
                                     Page 27
 
 
NUMB ->17
 SUB ->MODEM TYPES
MSG LEFT BY: GREG SCHAEFER
DATE POSTED: JUN 08
 
After this, the actual bulletin would be shown.  As you see, all the information
is conveyed, but it is not as nice looking as it could be.  If you indeed wish
to convert your bulletins, then you must copy the bulletins and the file:
NW.TITLES to the disk that you will be using for your GGS ][ bulletins.  Once 
this has been done, insert your MASTER DISK and type: RUN NW->GBBS BULLETINS.
When the program comes up, verify that you have copied the files and that they
are backups.  Then insert your SYSTEM DISK.  You will first be asked how many
boards your old system had.  Actually this is the number of boards you wish
to convert.  You may only wish to convert one board even if you had more.
Next tell the system the name of the file that had the titles for that board
in it.  Normally this would be: NW.TITLES.  Next tell it the prefix for each
bulletins file.  This is normally: "NW.".  Verify this information is correct.  
Insert the disk with the copied bulletin files and tell the program what drive
it is in.  The files will then be converted.  This operation will be repeated
for the number of boards you told the system you wish to convert.  You will 
finally put your SYSTEM DISK back in and the program will finish up.  Your
initially configured system will only access the first board that you converted.
You must add the code to access the other boards.  This is explained in chap-  
ter 5.  These boards will be numbered as they were converted.  The first board
converted is board one, the second is board two,  etc.
                           
                           GBBS ][ VERSION 1.6 UPDATE
                           -------------------------- 
 
  This program will allow previous GBBS ][ Sysops to update their users, 
bulletins, and mail to version 1.7 format.  First copy the file: USERS from
the version 1.6 system to the version 1.7 SYSTEM DISK over the existing user
file.  Your MASTER DISK and type: RUN GBBSS II UPDATE.  Once the program comes
up, insert you version 1.7 SYSTEM DISK.  Next, insert your version 1.6 SYSTEM
DISK.  The subject file for the first board will be read in.  Then insert the
disk containing the files for board X.  This operation will be repeated for
as many boards as your system has.  Last of all, insert your version 1.7 SYSTEM
DISK and the program will write out some more info.  Depending on how many
users you have, this can take a while.  After this, the conversion is complete.
Copy all the bulletin files to the disks they are needed on the new system.
On the new system, the "Sx" files should be on the same disk as the corresponding
"bx/x" files.  Your files are now all converted and ready to use on your 1.7 
system.
 
 
 
                                     Page 28
 
 
                Appendix A -- "MODEM/RS-232 SELECTION AND HOOKUP"
 
 
                             APPLE PLUG-IN HARDWARE
                             ---------------------- 
 
  Some Apple plug-in boards may be compatible with GBBS ][ even if they are
not listed.  For example: The Videx PS10 interface card is compatible with the
Apple SSC card.  If you had a Videx, then you would tell CONFIG that you have
an Apple SSC in that slot.  Another example, the Multi-Tech Modem ][ will work
if it is configured as a DC Hayes Micromodem ][.  If your card is not listed,
then check your manual and see if it says that it is compatible with one of
the supported boards.  Here is a list of boards and what they can be 
configured as:
 
  Actual board      Configure as        In what slot
  ------------      ------------        ------------
  Apple ///          Apple SSC                7
   serial port
 
  Videx PS10         Apple SSC           Actual slot
 
  Basis 108          Apple SSC                1
  serial port
 
  Multi-Tech         DC Hayes           Actual slot
   Modem ][         Micromodem ][
 
If your modem is not listed above and you can not find it in your manual, then
consult your dealer.
 
                           RS-232 MODEM COMPATIBILITY
                           --------------------------  
 
  Certain modems and RS-232 cards need to be connected in certain ways.  The    
following table shows what pins should be connected to what for 300, 300/1200,
and 1200 baud modems.  With 1200 baud only modems, you could try a straight 
cable as with the 300 baud modem.  
 
 
 
                                     Page 29
 
 
Speed   RS-232 pins      Modem pins          Comments
-----   -----------      ----------          -------- 
300     2,3,4,5,7,8,20   2,3,4,5,7,8,20      A straight 25 pin works best    
 
300/    2,3,4,5,7,8,20   2,3,4,5,7,8,20      24 pins straight with pin 6->12
1200         6                12             is best
 
1200    2,3,4,5,7,8,20   2,3,4,5,7,8,20      Try a straight 25 pin. Pin 6->20
         optional: 6      optional: 20       if problem
 
  Most people will have straight 25 pin cables with their modems.  This is fine
for 300 baud operation.  If you have a 1200 baud ONLY modem then try a 25 pin
also.  It may work depending on your modem.  If it does not, jumper RS-232pin
6 to modem pin 20.  For 300/1200 baud modems, it is necessary to run pin 12 of 
the modem in as pin 6 of the RS-232.  This pin is used to determine the speed
that the modem is running at.  If you make this mod then you must make sure
that 6 OR THE RS-232 connects to 12 OF THE MODEM.  Pin 6 must have no other
connections and neither should pin 12.  You can get a cable from your dealer
like this, or make it yourself.  If you have an MBE VIP card then you can make
the mod neatly by opening up the cover on the RS-232 plug, unsoldering thewire
going to pin 6 of the connector and re-soldering it to pin 12 of the connector.
Then put the cover back on.  You can then use a straight 25 pin cable.  If you
are using a Novation Smartcat 1200 baud modem, then this pin 6 jumper will not
be needed.  On all other 300/1200 baud modems it will be necessary.
 
If your dealer can not supply the needed cable then you can get it from Micro
Data Products.  Tell them you need a GBBS ][ cable.
 
     Micro Data Products
       (303)-364-1123
 
  If the modem you have is not listed as a usable modem, but it supports auto-
answer then you can probably use it.  First, you must use a cable as shown 
above for the appropriate baud rate.  To make your modem work, you must be able
to set switches on it or it must default to the following operating conditions.
 
1) Auto-answer phone when DTR is high
2) Use DTR.  Do not override it.
3) Use TRUE CARRIER DETECT.  Do not override.
4) Do not respond to any commands sent to it by the computer.  If it is a 
   smart-type modem and takes commands, then disable its command recognition. 
5) Hang up/reset upon loss of DTR.
 
Once you have set your modem to work with the following conditions, select       
either "300 baud modem" or "300/1200 baud modem" in config.  Use "300 only"
for 300 only modems.  Use "300/1200" for 300/1200 or 1200 modems.
 
 
 
                                     Page 30       
 
 
                     Appendix B -- "GBBS ][ MAIN ROUTINES"
 
 
  All of these routines may be accessed by routines that you write and add to
the board.  In almost every case (with the exception of SYSTEM) the routines
should be GOSUBed and will return to where they were sent from.  The principle
of GBBS ][ is that the board is kept flexible with subroutines.  From the 
comand menu all routines should be accessed with a GOTO instead of a GOSUB.  
This is because the command routine does a GOSUB.  This is because the command
routine does a GOSUB inside of itself (more about that in chapter 5) so that
you need not GOSUB every routine individually.  The RETURN inside of the routine
will send it back to the COMMAND prompt.  GOOD LUCK WITH ANY MODS YOU MAY MAKE!
 
                                GENERAL CHANGES
                                ---------------  
 
  General changes can cover a lot of things.  I will simply discuss how you 
can add text output and input statements.  To output a string of text, the 
procedure is fairly simple.  It is not like BASIC in which you use a PRINT
statement.  If you use a PRINT statement then the output will go to your console
only.  To output to the modem also, the text must be assigned into O$.  After
that, you just need to GOSUB 7000.  7000 is the routine that ouputs the text
in O$.  Now, if we wanted to output a line that said:  "HELLO OUT THERE" we
could just add the line:
 
XXXX O$="HELLO THERE":GOSUB 7000
 
Now, that statement would output "HELLO THERE" to the modem.  You may think
this a dumb way to output, but it has some advantages.
 
1. All output is through 1 routine.  To change something about ALL the out-
put just requires changing 7000.
 
2. You may have fragments sticking out (like with a ";" with BASIC) and still
issue DOS commands.
 
3. You can ouput a group of lines in 1 statement.  
 
When you normally output, a [RETURN] is NOT added to the end of the line.
You must add the [RETURN] yourself by adding the variable EL$ to O$ where you
want RETURNS.  Ex: We want a RETURN after the line so we say:
 
 
 
                                     Page 31
 
 
O$="HELLO THERE"+EL$:GOSUB 7000
 
Note that the EL$ is added to O$ to add the [RETURN].  If we wanted 2 RETURNS
then we would have to add 2 EL$'s.  Now, to output a whole section of text we
just do the following.  
 
O$="HELLO THERE"+EL$+EL$+"THIS IS A TEST OF THE"+EL$+"OUTPUT ROUTINES TO BE
   USED WITH GBBS ]["+EL$:GOSUB 7000
 
If we are to run this, then we would see:
 
HELLO THERE
 
THIS IS A TEST OF THE 
OUTPUT ROUTINES TO BE USED WITH GBBS ][
 
  To INPUT text, there are several types of INPUT available.  They are: Normal
input, Numeric unput, Single char input, and input without commas and colons.
Like output, input is done through GOSUB's to some routines.  Normally, the
input is returned in I$.  If the numeric imput is used, then it is returned
in A as well.  To ask a person a question such as: "WHAT IS YOUR NAME ?" would
just require:
 
O$="WHAT IS YOUR NAME ?":GOSUB 7000:GOSUB 8000
 
The answer would be returned in I$.  There is a
