Design Labs' (TM)

GENESIS (TM)
=======

[Back of Box Text]

In the beginning, there were insects, creatures of instinct. Their lives
were constantly threatened as they fought to rule the earth. These
tremendous battles often disturbed the peaceful serenity of the landscape
that was unmarred by the larger forms of life. These battles were fought
not only for power, but for survival itself. They were fought in the
darkest crevices of teh earth's surface where the worst evils dwell.

In GENESIS(TM), you're transformed into the deadly king scorpion fighting
to protect your domain. The fatally venemous spiders continue crawling from
the earth's core as they attempt to destroy you. The spiders gnaw away at
the tunnel, as you blast them with your deadly venom. Balanced cautiously
on the edge of your domain, you must avoid falling into the deadly pit.

The bbattle intensifies as the spiders eat away at the walls of the tunnel,
and you become more limited in movement. Your only hope is the special
brick which allows you to rebuild. Grab it if you can.

Only true speed and accuracy can ensure your survival.


Datasoft (R)
9421 Winnetka Avenue, Chatsworth, CA 91311

Game Graphics (C) 1983 Design Labs, Inc.
Datasoft (R) Is A Registered Trademark of DATASOFT, INC.
Genesis (TM) is a trademark of Design Labs, Inc. (TM).
(C) 1983 Datasoft, Inc.
All Rights Reserved
Cat. No. 1235


[Instructions]

This is the beginning of life on earth. It is a world of insects fighting
for survival. As the deadly scorpion in GENESIS, you must protect the
hollow tunnel that is your kingdom. The special breed of spiders that is
invading it is just as deadly as you are. As the battle intensifies, they
grow more fierce. They attack you, shoot venom at you, and eat away at the
brick walls that make up your home. Once they have gnawed a hole in the
wall, you risk falling into their pit of evil horrors.

A randomly moving brick adds to the danger... it can trap and crush you.
But when it changes colour, you can use it as a shield. Grab it if you can
- you need all the help you can get!

Only your speed and accuracy can ensure your suvival. This beginning is a
fight to the end.


REQUIREMENTS

o Apple(R) II/II Plus/IIe Computer (48K)
o Disk drive (Apple or compatible)
o TV or video monitor
o joystick or paddles

GETTING STARTED

DISKETTE LOADING: Turn off your computer. Connect a joystick or paddles.
Turn on the power to your TV or monitor. Insert the GENESIS(TM) diskette
with the label side facing up, and close the drive door. Turn on the
computer. The title page will appear on your screen, followed by the Demo
Mode. Press the fire button to begin the game.

The game is set for joystick control. To play with paddles, press the P
key. To return to joystick control, press the J key.

GAME CONTROLS
AND INDICATORS

MOVEMENT: If using a joystick, push it up, down, and to the left and right
to move the scorpion around the tunnel. If using paddles, turn them to the
right to move the scorpion clockwise and to the left to move the scorpion
counterclockwise around the tunnel.

POISON: Use the fire button to shoot the scorpion's poison.

PAUSE: Press the ESC key to pause a game. Press any key to resume play.

INDICATORS: The number of scorpions you have in reserve is displayed on the
screen. You start with one in play and three in reserve.

STRATEGY

As the scorpion, you must shoot your deadly poison at the web-spinning
spiders as they climb up the wall of your tunnel. You need to destroy as
many of them as you can before they reach the edge of the tunnel, for once
they do, they destroy part of the tunnel wall and turn into Super Spiders.
As Super Spiders, they will continue to attack in their effort to destroy
you. Super Spiders do not leave trails behind them, and they move faster
than other spiders. Once they have destroyed a part of the tunnel wall, you
must avoid it, or you will fall to the bottom of the deep, dark tunnel.

The bricks that move around the top of the tunnel change color. When they
are green, you can capture them to use as protection against the violet
bricks, to increase your score when you destroy spiders, or to repair holes
in the walls. You can capture more than one green brick (up to three) at a
time to greatly multiply your score. (If you have one green brick, your
score is doubled; two green bricks, tripled, etc. The number by which your
score is multiplied is displayed in the upper left-hand corner of the
screen.) But be careful; the bricks change quickly and when they are
violet, they will destroy you!

Each time enough spiders are destroyed, a wave is completed (indicated at
the top of the screen). In the next wave, the spiders crawl with increased
speed, there are more of them, and the bricks become violet more often.
Remember, you are deadly, but so are the spiders, and you must think and
move quickly or you will fall to your death!

POINTS

            GREEN BRICKS  1000 and score multiplier increases by one
                 SPIDERS  100 x multiplier (green brick)
NON-FATAL HITS ON SPIDER  20
            SUPERSPIDERS  200
  REPAIRING BROKEN WALLS  1000

1000 points will be deducted from your score if you touch a violet brick
while you are on top of a green brick.

SPECIAL BONUS

You get a bonus scorpion for 100 or more shots with at least 30% accuracy.
You also get bonus points of 100 times your accuracy percentage.

Press the fire button to return to the game once the accuracy screen is
displayed. (It remains on screen for a few moments.)

CREDITS

Game Programming: Kevin Furry
Graphic Art: Whitney Caughlan
Documentation: Laurel Belkin

