                     GHOST BUSTERS DOCS!
                     ------------------
     Downloaded From The Garden Observatory Ae/Catsend
                       We Rule The East Coast
                        617-784-9047
                       Soon To Be 10 Meg
This is from the Commodore version of the game, so be alert for differences...
 
BUILDING A FRANCHISE
 
Follow instructions on the screen to buy and outfit your vehicle: to pick up and release supplies with the forklift, press the joystick button. Keep an eye on credit available, (upper right corner).
 
     > PK Energy Detector warns of an approaching ghost, called a "Slimer", by turning a building pink as you pass it.
     > Image Intensifier makes Slimers easier to see when you're trying to catch them.
 
     > Marshmallow Sensor warns you of the impending approach of the dreaded Marshmallow Man by turning a building white when you're by it.
 
     > Ghost Vacuum sucks up itinerant ghosts (called "Roamers") as you travel the streets of the city.
 
     > Ghost Traps are what you use to catch and store Slimers. Each trap holds one Slimer. Without them, you cannot earn money.
 
     > Ghost Bait attracts Roamers, which periodically gather to form the Marshmallow Man. Without bait, you cannot stop him. (See Important Safety Tips, below). You get five dollops of bait when purchased.
 
     > Portable Laser Confinment System stores ten Slimers in your vehicle. Saves travel time back to to GHQ for more traps.
 
YOUR ACCOUNT NUMBERS
 
If you successfully complete a game your account number will record your balance. You can use your account number on ANY Ghost Busters program. Be careful to always enter your name and account number exactly the same way.
 
A map of the city appears, with Zuul's horrible temple in the center and GHQ at the bottom. Red flashing buildings indicate the presence of a slimer.
 
     > Guide your vehicle to red flashing buildings, leaving as short a trail as possible to reach the building. As you do this, freeze any Roamers that are moving to Zuul by touching them.
 
     > To position yourself at buildings that are directly above the street, push the button. To position yourself at buildings below the street, pull back joystick and push the button.
 
THE STREETS
 
Steer the vehical at passing Roamers (if you have frozen any) and push the button to vacuum them up.This keeps them from reaching the temple of Zuul.
The city's PK energy lever jumps 100 points for each Roamer that reaches Zuul.
 
BUSTNG GHOSTS
 
When you arrive at the site of the disturbance, take the following steps with the joystick...
 
     > Direct the first Ghost Buster toward the center of the building and push the button to deposit the trap. Then move him to the far left side of the screen, turn him towards the trap, and press the button again.
 
     > The second Ghost Buster appears. Direct him to the far right of the screen, turn him toward the trap, and press the button. Both Ghost Busters will power up their negative ionizer backpacks.
 
     > Move the Ghost Busters inwards to trap the slimer between the streams. But do Not, repeat do NOT, cross the streams.
 
     > When you have the slimer over the trap, push the button... the trap will pull him in. (Be precise: if you miss, you know what will happen).
 
     > Every trapped Slimer increases your credit rating. The amount earned depends on how quickly you respond. Your accumulated credit is shown on the screen at all times.
 
IMPORTANT SAFETY TIPS
 
     > Hit the space bar during the game for a status report.
 
     > Every escaped Slimer adds 300 to the city's PK energy level.
 
     > Beware that monolith of marshmallow monstrosity. When a Marshmallow Alert flashes at the bottom of the screen, the Roamers wiwll quickly run to form him.
You must immediately hit the "B" key to drop a dollop of bait before he stomps on any buildings.
 
END OF GAME: THE TEMPLE OF ZUUL
 
The game ends in one of three ways:
 
1. the Gatekeeper and Keymaster join forces at the Temple of Zuul and you have NOT earned more money than you started with.
 
2. Once the Gatekeeper and Keymaster have joined forces at Zuul, you DO have sufficient credit, but you are unable to sneak two of your three Ghost Busters into the enterance of Zuul.
 
3. You succesfully reach the top of the Temple of Zuul by sneaking two Ghost Busters into its enterance.
      Call The Garden Observatory  617-784-9047
