            :-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:->-:-:-:-:-:-:
            :              -:  H A R D B A L L  :-              :
            :       A Digital Gang/Black Bag Presentation       :
            :       Cracked by The Dragon Lord & The Spaz       :
            :           Docs typed by: Sherlock Apple           :
            :              Distributed by: The Bit              :
            :-:-:=:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:

-: Introduction :-

     BATTER UP! Welcome to the most realistic baseball game ever designed. Step
up to the plate and try to knock that ball out of the park. You can choose to
bunt, steal a base, and control base running. When your team is in the field,
you can control the type and location of the pitch as well as the fielders.

-: Starting the Game :-

1. Turn on your Apple ][ and monitor
2. Insert the "HardBall" disk into the disk drive with the label side up a~d
   close the disk drive door (duh).
3. To restart the game, press Control-R

-: Controls :-

     The joystick controls the fielding team (defense) and the keyboard
(directional keys as described below) control the team at bat (offense).


Keyboard Directional Key Definitions:

        Y
      T   U
<-  G       J ->
      B   M
        N  

(Up - Y, Right - J, Down - N, Left - G, Up and Right (Northeast) - U,
 Down`and Right (Southeast) - M, Down and Left (Southwest) - B,
 Up and Left (Northwest) - T)

     Pressing any of these keys will execute similarly to aiming the joystick
and pressing the fire button (except in the manager screen, press RETURN as
fire button).

-: Select Game Options :-

     Once the game is loaded, you may use the joystick to select a variety of
game option combinations such as Home/Visitor, which team (if any) the computer
will play (for a one-player game), and whether you want a designated hitter
(-DH). For example, a two player game would be selected on lines 1, 2, 7, or 8,
depending on who wants to be Home team and whether or not to have a designated
hitter. Move the joystick up or down to select other possible options. When the
choice you want to make is displayed, press the fire button to start the gaoe.

-: Manager's Decision Screen :-

     The four screens displayed during HardBall are: The Manager's Decision
Screen, the Pitcher/Batter Screen, Left Field View, and Right Field View.

     The game begins with the Manager's Decision Screen. It will also appear if
a player presses the space bar on the keyboard at any time during the pitcher
screen. In this Manager's Screen, pressing the space bar will "Play Ball"
(starting the game action or continuing where you left off). This screen will
display a selected line-up for both teams. "v/" (a check) will indicate who is
at bat and there will also be and indication of who is on which base (1b, 2b,
or 3b), how they bat (Right, Left, or Switch), the position they play and their
batting average.

     Below each teams roster will be a menu of management decision options
which each player may select by moving the cursor to that line and pressing the
fire button (or Return if using directional keys). In the case of
"substitution" or "exchange positions", additional screen prompts will be
displayed at the bottom (to be explained later).

     For the other options, the parameters (indicated here by parenthesis) will
be cycled through and displayed one at a time by depressing the fire button (or
Return if using directional keys) when that line is selected (highlighted). The
current parameter being displayed is automatically the one selected and remains
in force until changed. The option lists are as follows:

   FOR THE TEAM IN THE FIELD (DEFENSE) - 5 CHOICES:

   - Player Substitution
   - Exchange Positions                            _
   - Outfield (Normal, Shift Right, or Shift Left)  |
   - Infield (Normal or Double Play)                | Parameter
   - (NO) Intentional Walk                         _|  Options

   FOR THE TEAM AT BAT (OFFENSE) - 2 CHOICES:

   - Player Substitution
   - Exchange Positions

     If either player selects "Substitution" or "Exchange Positions", the lower
portion of the Manager's Decision Screen will chane to the appropriate team
color. In these modes, press the space bar in the middle of an activity to
cancel and return to the game.

NOTE: For the offensive team (at bat), use the directional keys in place of the
      joystick and the return key in place of the fire button in the
      "Substitution" and "Exchange Position" sections below.

-: Substitution :-

     A line will be displayed to select "Substitute (from bench) with (on
roster)" at which time the underlined entry can be selected by moving the
joystick right or left (selecting a player) and pressing the fire button. When
the bench entry is specified, you can scroll the list of players on the bench
up or down within a 3-line window at the bottom of the screen by using the
joystick. Then select the desired player to come onto the field by pressing the
fire button. When the roster entry is selected, the cursor can be moved up or
down the roster list with the joystick, then press the fire button to select
the player to come off the field. Note: Once a player is substituted out (after
the first pitch), he can't return to the field and doesn't go to the bench
list. The new player coming onto the field will replace him at his current
position.

-: Exchange Positions :-

     Choose the entry to be filled first in a manner similar to that defined
above for "substitution" on the line "exchange __________ position with _______
position". This will allow vertical scrolling of the cursor through the roster
positions and show each corresponding player's full preformance statistics at
the bottom of the screen. Press the fire button to select the position to be
exchanged. If you select a player in a position for which he is not suited,
then an appropriate message (i.e., "player out of position") will be displayed
later. There will also be a likelihood  of an error in play or poor pitching.

     Remember, press the space bar to start (or continue) play of the game.

-: Game Play :-

     Play begins with the pitcher's screen depicting the pitcher, batter,
umpire and crowd in the background. Using the joystick, the player representing
the pitcher (field team) may select a type of pitch as displayed at the bottom
of the screen. He must select one of four choices displayed out of the
following eight pitching types:

   - Fastball! (straight and very fast)
   - Fastball (straight and fast)
   - Offspeed (straight)
   - Change-up (straight slower pitch)
   - Curve ball (a big sweeping curve)
       For lefthanded pitchers, the ball curves to the right
       For righthanded pitchers, the ball curves to the left
   - Screwball (opposite of curve ball)
       For lefthanded pitchers, the ball curves to the left
       For righthanded pitchers, the ball curves to the right
   - Sinker (the ball drops - curves down)
   - Slider (similar to curve ball, but curves at last moment)

     The other player, representing the team at bat, may select his offensive
strategy by using the directional keys to select one or more options. The game
can then continue if the pitcher has also made his selection.

NOTE: Even if no options are desired, this player must press RETURN for the
game to continue. His options will also appear at the bottom of the screen and
will include bunt or base stealing (if appropriate).

     Once both players have made their selections, a new set of choices are
presented at the botttom of the screen. Txe pitcher wiLl be able to select the
location of the pitch (i.e., high, inside, etc.) with the joystick and his
wind-up will begin once the fire button is released. Txe batter will be able to
swing in the selected location when the corresponding directional key is
pressed.

     When the ball is hit, the receiving fielder will be identified by
flashing. The player may use the joystick to position the fielder (back, left,
forward, right) to catch the ball. Once the ball is cought, he is presented
choices as where to throw the ball (2nd, 3rd, home, or 1st).

Nine pitching zones over home plate:

 2  1  2        x - always a stike
 1  X  1        1 - high probability of being a strike
 2  1  2        2 - low probability of being a strike

-: Miscellaneous Notes :-

   - As a pitcher gets tired, the probability of throwing a strike goes down.
   - Certain pitchers will be stronger in some pitching strikes.
   - If a pitch is not in the strike zone, the batter can swing but can't hit
     the ball.
   - When the ball is hit, the fielding screen is displayed and (unless it is a
     foul ball) when the play is completed, the Manager's Decision Screen will
     be displayed momentarily before returning to the pitching/batting screeo.
   - When bunting with 2 strikes against you, if the ball goes foul, it is
     considered your third strike.
   - Runners have the option of running to the next base upon reaching a base
     after a hit.
   - If you tell a runner to s|eal a base and the batter doesn't hit the ball,
     then the catcher will attempt to throw the lead runner out.
   - When someone first steps up to bat, some of his statistics will be
     displayed.

-: Scouting Tips from Bob Whitehead :-

     Like any good manager, you need to develop a good scouting report. So I
thought I would give you a partial scouting report on some of the pitchers to
give you a head start.

All-Stars                               Champs

Frisina - Throws a lot of junk          Euler - Good screwball
Peers - Control Pitcher                 James - Watch for fastball
Atkins - Nothing but heat               Morlini - Bullpen veteran
Estrada -`Ace reliever                  Tompkins - Smoke

-: Conclusion :-

HARDBALL - Written by Bob Whitehead. (C) 1985 Accolade. All rights reserved.
Files may be saved on the Hardball program disk without damage to the program.

HARDBALL - A Digital Gang/Black Bag Presentation - Cracked by The Dragon Lord &
The Spaz - Docs typed by Sherlock Apple - Distributed by The Bit

- End of file -
