       (>---===+ Impossible Mission Documentation +===---<)

1.  Subject:  Mission  of vital importance to national and  global 
security. Operations to begin immeadiately. Utmost urgency.

2.  Situation:  During the past three days,  key military computer 
installations  of  every major world power have reported  security 
failures. In each case, someone gained access to a primary missile 
attack computer.

Only one person is capable of computer tampering on this scale:

 Professor Elvin Atombender (hereafter reffered to as "Elvin")  We 
believe  that  Elvin  is working to break  the  computer's  launch 
codes. When he succeeds, he plans to trigger a missile attack that 
will destroy the world.

3.  Mission: You must penetrate Elvin's underground stronghold and 
stop him. To succeed you will have to invade the scientist's robot 
guards,  break his security code and find his control center. Your 
predecessors,  agents 4116 and 4124 (may they rest in peace), were 
able to send back some information about Elvin's installation.  It 
is detailed in the following pages.

 Your  only  weapons  will be your keen analytical mind  and  your 
M1A9366B  pocket computer.  Good luck.  The world is depending  on 
you.

Elvin's stronghold ------------------

 Using  a  fortune he amassed by raiding the computer  systems  of 
various   financial  institutions,   Elvin  constructed   a   vast 
underground stronghold packed with computer equipment.  There,  in 
seclusion,  Elvin  spent four years working to breach the security 
of military computer installations around the world.  As you know, 
he has succeeded.

 Our  computer estimates that he will break the launch  codes  and 
trigger the missle attack in exactly six hours. This is the amount 
of time you will have to complete your mission.

 Elvin's  stronghold  consists  of  32 rooms.  Each  room  can  be 
accessed by an elevator or lift. For each room there may be a lift 
(1  inch b/w thing that moves up or down sometimes both) in  which 
you access each level in the room.

Elvin's security system -----------------------

 Our  intellegence indicates that Elvin uses three types of  codes 
(or  passwords) in his security sustem.  One code deactivates  the 
robots, another operates the lifts and the third code (a password) 
unlocks the control room.

 Now comes the really strange part.

-> We believe that Elvin hides the passwords in his furniture <-

 Elvin,  who  is extremely absent-minded,  frequently forgets  the 
passwords  for his security computer.  His solution is to  scatter 
them  haphazardly  around  the house.  You can  find  one  of  his 
passwords in the sofa.  Or the stereo.  Or the candy machine.  But 
you  must  find  them.  Without the  passwords,  you  will  almost 
certainly end up like agent 4124 (but we don't want to think about 
that, do we?)

 Once  you  find the codes,  using them should be relatively  easy 
(for  the most part).  You should be able to log onto  a  security 
terminal as you enter each room and deactivate the robots or reset 
the lifts (if neccessary) from there.

Note  ->  You can deactive or reset lifts depending upon how  many 
"init lift" passwords you have or find.  <- This should present no 
problems.

 Note->  You  can deactivate the robots with a  "snooze"  password 
(temporarily)  in  that  room..  When you find one  it  shows  the 
picture  of a robot with a series of zzzzzz's...Or you  can  check 
your  status while standing in the elevator and pressing button  0 
or 1.

 (->  Extreme  note!!  <-) However,  the control room password  is 
another matter.  Realizing the importance of this particular code, 
Elvin  has  broken  it into  dozens  of  pieces,  scattering  them 
throughout the complex.  You will have to find and retrieve all of 
the  pieces  and match them up like a puzzle to form  a  password. 
(Objective of game)

 With  the completed password,  you can gain access to the control 
room where Elvin is preparing to launch the missiles.  You have to 
stop  him or the world is going to be terminally late  for  dinner 
tonight. (All gone)

 Overview of objective

 Idea  is  to run about room avoiding robots and holes (on  bottom 
floor) and try to find the pieces of the puzzle to solve.

Controls --------

> In the elevator:  Push the joystick forward or back to go up  or 
down.  Push the joystick left or right to move in either direction 
along  the corridor.  Running to the edge of the screen takes  you 
into a room.  (This is the place where you start in the beginning) 
Also->  This is where you use your buttons to view your status  or 
use equipment which will be explained later on.

> In the rooms:  Push the joystick left or right to move in either 
direction. If you press the fire button, your agent will perform a 
mid-air  foward  flip that you won't believe (this  is  especially 
useful for somersaulting over pesky robots and gaps in the floor.

>  On lifting platforms:  If you're standing on a striped  lifting 
platform (b&w 1 inch block) in one of the rooms,  you can push the 
joystick  forward or backward to go up or down (to it's limits  of 
course)

Game play ---------

 As you explore Elvin's stronghold,  your pocket computer (at  the 
bottom of the elevator screen) will display a map of the rooms and 
tunnels  you  have entered.  In every room,  you should conduct  a 
search.

Searching for codes ----------

 Search  every object or piece of furniture in the room for  codes 
and password puzzle pieces (if you can avoid the robots).  You can 
do  this by standing directly in front of an object  (sofa,  desk, 
fireplace or whatever) and pushing the joystick forward.

 The  word  "searching"  will appear in a box at the  top  of  the 
screen.  You will also see a horizontal bar indicating the  length 
of  time  it  will take to search the object.  You  must  continue 
holding  the joystick forward until the bar  disappears.  If  your 
search is interrupted for any reason you can go back to the object 
and  resume  searching where you left off.  But if you  leave  the 
room, you'll have to start the search from the beginning.

 When  you have finished searching the object,  one of four things 
will replace the words "searching" at the top of the screen:

> The words "nothing here." (Then the object disappears)

> A picture of a striped lifting platoform with an arrow above it. 
This represents a lift init password which alows you to reset  all 
of  the  lifting  platforms  to  their  original  positions.  (not 
elevators)

> A picture of a sleeping robot. This represents a snooze password 
which allows you to temporarily deactivate the robots in a room.

> A puzzle piece.  This is part of the password which allows entry 
to  the control room.  It will be entered into the memory of  your 
pocket computer automatically.

Using security terminals -----------

 Use  can  use  the  -> snoozes <- and ->  lift  inits  <- at  any 
security  terminal.  These terminals are usually located near  the 
entrance  to  each  room.  They  look like  television  sets  with 
darkened screens facing toward you. (Actually it looks like facing 
an apple w/a monitor which is off. (it's on a stand)

 To use a security terminal, move directly in front of it and push 
the  joystick forward.  The screen of the security  terminal  will 
enlarge  to  fill  your  display.  You can  select  one  of  three 
functions  with the joystick.  (press button when the arrow points 
to the function you want):

>  Reset lifting platforms.  To use this option,  you must have  a 
lift  init  password in your  possession.  (Your  pocket  computer 
displays the number of 'lift inits' you have.)

>  Temporarily disable robots.  To use this option,  you must have 
"snooze"  password  in  your  possession.  (Your  pocket  computer 
displays the number of 'snoozes" you have.)

> Log off.

Code rooms ----------

 Elvin's  stronghold  contains two code rooms where you  can  earn 
additional passwords. Walk up to the console and push the joystick 
forward  as if you were searching it.  A sequence of squares  will 
flash  on the wall,  each with a musical note,  and a white  glove 
will appear.  Use the glove to touch each square in a sequence  so 
that the notes are sorted in ascending order. (from low to high)

 If  you  produce the proper sequence of notes,  the  checkerboard 
will  flash  and you will get a -> snooze <- or ->  lift  init  <- 
password.  You  can  do this as many times as you  like,  but  the 
sequence  gets  longer  each time.  You can quit at  any  time  by 
touching the purple bar at the bottom of the checkerboard.

Pocket computer ---------------

 Your pocket computer is an amazing device.  It allows you to play 
with  the puzzle pieces right on the screen,  twisting them around 
to figure out how they go together.

 To activate your pocket computer,  you must be "standing" in  one 
of  the "elevators" or corridors.  Press the button to turn on the 
pocket computer.  Note -> you can't use the pocket computer in any 
of the rooms. Pressing the fire button in a room will cause you to 
do a somersault.

 When  the computer is activated,  the map of  Elvin's  stronghold 
will  vanish and a white glove will appear.  Use the glove to  put 
the  puzzle pieces together,  to form the password which will  let 
you enter Elvin's control room.

Using the pocket computer commands ---------

>  Arrow keys- (upper left corner) - Moves other pieces that  were 
found into memory window.

> Phone key- (bottom left corner) - Dials out for help. (see using 
the phone)

>  Password- (mid  lowest left) - The computer  assembles  Elvin's 
control password here.

>  Memory  window- (mid upper left) - Displays the pieces  of  the 
puzzle your working with.  (arrow command moves up a piece or down 
a piece to add to the puzzle)

>  Snooze  & init passwords- Just tells how many of each you  have 
found if any.

>  Selected puzzle piece(s)- (mid right of center  box)- The  only 
way the piece gets here is when you move it from the memory window 
to assemble it.

> Off key- Turns off the pocket computer. (pauses game)

> Game clock- Shows time left to play. (Game ends at 6:00:00)

>  Vertical  flip key- (first top command on the 8  keys  together 
(from   left   to  right))  - Flops  the  selected  puzzle   piece 
vertically.

> Horizontal flip key- (to right of vertical) - Flops the selected 
puzzle piece horizontally.

>  Trash can key- (right of horizontal key) Deletes  the  selected 
puzzle piece from the display. (not memory)

>  Exclamation key- (right of "off" key) - If you just  deleted  a 
puzzle  piece  or  put two pieces together,  you can use  this  to 
"undo" it.

> Color keys- (to right of exclamation key) - changes the color of 
the selected puzzle piece.

> Pause key- (botom right corner, two of them) Pauses the game.

Using the glove ---------------

> To move the glove, move the joystick in the desired direction.

>  To activate a function key,  "point" to it with the  glove  and 
press the joystick button.

>  To pick up a puzzle piece in the memory window,  "point" to  it 
with the glove and press the joystick button. Then you can move it 
by moving the joystick.

> To drop a puzzle piece, press the joystick button.

>  To  make a copy of the selected piece,  "point" to it with  the 
glove and press the joystick button.

>  To  put back a copy of the selected piece,  position  the  copy 
directly over the selected piece and press the joystick button.

> To select a puzzle piece that isn't selected, "point" to it with 
the glove and press the joystick button.

>  To find out if two pieces match,  position one  piece  directly 
over the other and press the joystick button.

Solving the puzzles -------------------

> some pieces are upside down or backwards (or both) when you find 
them,  so if a piece doesn't seem to match anything,  try flipping 
it with the function keys.

>  Pieces  must be the same color,  or they won't  match.  If  two 
pieces with different colors look like the should match,  then use 
the color keys to change them.

>  A  completed puzzle looks like a computer punch card:  a  solid 
rectangle with several little holes in it.

>  A  completed puzzle may be upside down or  backwards  when  you 
finish putting it together. (you may have to flip it around before 
it is recognized as a solution)

> There are four pieces in each completed puzzle, and nine puzzles 
in  the  game,  each  time you complete a puzzle,  one  letter  of 
Elvin's password password will appear at the bottom of the  pocket 
computer screen.

>  When you have all nine of the letters in the password,  you can 
open the door to Elvin's control center and save the world.

Control room ------------

 The door to Elvin's control room is in one of the bedrooms.  When 
you have completed the password,  position your agent directly  in 
front  of  the door and push the joystick forward.  The door  will 
open, and you'll finally have the last laugh.

Using the phone -----------

 When you touch the phone key on your pocket computer, it dials up 
the  agency's main computer.  (to get some help with the  puzzles) 
But there is a charge for using it. Each use of the phone cost two 
minutes on the game clock.

 The agency's computer will give you three choices. Select the one 
you want with the glove, and then press the joystick button.

Choices -------

 Correct  orientations of leftmost pieces- the computer will  flip 
the  two  puzzle  pieces  in the  memory  window  to  orient  them 
correctly (right side up and forwards,  instead of upside down and 
backwards). A read mark will appear to the left of each piece that 
has been flipped.

 Have  we  enough  pieces  to solve the  upper  left  puzzle?- The 
computer will look at the upper puzzle piece in the memory  window 
and  tell you whether you've found all three of the pieces that go 
with it to make a completed puzzle.

> Hang up- hangs up the phone.

 Continuing  play- You  can  start  a new  game  at  any  time  by 
depressing  the  'esc'  key.  The  rooms and robots  will  be  re-
arranged, and the computer will generate a new set of puzzles.

Scoring -------

 The game clock (on the pocket computer display) starts at  12:00. 
The game ends when the clock reaches 6:00.

Losing time --------

 Each  time you fall off the bottom of the screen or get zapped by 
a robot or floating orb, you are penalized 10 minutes.

 Each time you use the phone,  you are penalized two minutes. When 
the game ends, you are awarded points as follows:

 1  point  for each second remaining on the clock 100  points  for 
each  puzzle piece found.  100 Points for each snooze & lift  init 
password found. 500 Points for each puzzle solved. 1000 Points for 
completing the mission.

Hints -----

 Here  are  some  playing  hints from  the  author  of  impossible 
mission:

>  Some  rooms are harder than others.  If a room seems  too  hard 
(presumably  because  you  don't have any passwords to  reset  the 
lifts  and  turn off the robots),  come back to  it  after  you've 
aquired some passwords.

>  Each robot has a different behavior program.  Some robots  move 
faster than others,  some of them shoot lightning bolts,  and some 
have  no sight or hearing.  So watch them closely.  You can  often 
figure  out what program a robot is running before you try to  get 
past it.

>  Your  pocket computer will let you combine any two pieces  that 
don't overlap,  but this isn't always enough.  Puzzle pieces which 
don't  overlap may not really belong together.  If you  find  that 
it's  impossible to finish a partially completed puzzle,  you  may 
have combined the wrong puzzle pieces.

> You don't have to somersault over every hole in the floor.  If a 
gap  is no wider than a lifting platform,  try stepping across it. 
But don't let up on the joystick until you get to the other  side, 
or you'll fall.

>  If you have to cross a very large chasm,  you can actually have 
one foot in the abyss before you press the fire button to jump. If 
you  do this just right,  it will give you the extra distance  you 
need.
