LEGACY OF THE ANCIENTS

GETTING STARTED

Make sure you have a disk to make into a character disk. Put
your game disk in drive 1, with side 1 facing up.

Turn on your computer to boot the disk.

When the title screen appears, press the joystick button or any
key to continue. The opening menu offers four options. Select
SOME SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS for instructions on how to use the
keyboard, joystick, and menus. Select SCENES FROM LEGACY for a
demonstration of the game. The COLOR TEST option lets you
adjust your monitor's color.

Apple users can select the COMPUTER SETUP option which lets you
adjust your monitor's color, toggle the sound on and off, set
the number of drives (1 or 2), and change the direction keys.

Apple //GS users: Make sure that the Display is set to 40
columns and that the System Speed is set to normal.

Apple //e users: The Open Apple key will function the same way
as button 0 on the joystick. The Closed Apple key will function
the same way as button 1.

Select PLAY A GAME when you are ready to start a game. A new
menu will appear on the screen. Choose START A NEW GAME. If you
don't already have a character disk, the screen will prompt you
with instructions about how to make one. You will then be asked
to enter your new character's name and your adventure will
begin. You can store up to eight characters on one disk. To
restart a game in progress or to erase a character, select the
appropriate menu option and follow the prompts.

MANUAL (C) 1986 ELECTRONIC ARTS. THIS MANUAL AND THE SOFTWARE
DESCRIBED IN THIS MANUAL, IS COPYRIGHTED. ALL RIGHTS ARE
RESERVED. NO PART OF THIS MANUAL OR THE DESCRIBED SOFTWARE MAY
BE COPIED, REPRODUCED OR TRANSLATED. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.


KEYBOARD PLAY
The movement keys are grouped together on the keyboard. In the
museum and dungeons, you can move forward, backward, or TURN IN
PLACE. In all other places you can move up, down, right or left.

RETURN  forward (or up)
<       left
>       right
/       backwards (or down)

(Apple //e and later use the arrow keys to walk or turn.)

To enter a command, press the key for the first letter of the
desired command (e.g. C for Climb). Use the same principle for
all menu choices.

JOYSTICK PLAY
Make sure your joystick is plugged in. In the museum and
dungeons you can walk forward, backward, or TURN IN PLACE. In
all other places, use the joystick to move up, down, right or
left.

To enter a command that is already highlighted, press joystick
button #0. To enter a new command, press button #1, which will
turn the command yellow. Use the joystick to highlight the
desired command, then press button #0. Any time you are
presented with a list of choices, use the joystick to highlight
the desired command, then press button #0.


REMARKS FROM THE CARETAKER

Although I've worked and studied in the Tarmalon Galactic
Museum for many years, I've never actually seen an Ancient. It
is said that they began constructing museums like this one over
50,000 generations ago, and that now museums dot the civilized
portions of the universe. I know there is one on my home planet
of Thagan. It is possible that the Ancients are still building
museums somewhere in the far reaches of space.

The museums were built to provide both education and
entertainment for their creators -- to act as windows revealing
the history, legends and cultures of each host planet. The
Ancients viewed this system of museums as their legacy to the
budding civilizations of the universe.

Although employees occasionally venture forth into the host
world to engage in research and collect specimens, they are not
permitted to directly interfere in planetary events. Likewise,
the museum is generally off-limits to planet natives. Only
holders of the Access Disk are permitted to enter. This
principle of non-interference is intended to preserve the
unique culture and customs of each host planet. Many times I
have been tempted to use the museum's power to benefit
Tarmalon, but I dare not risk the wrath of the Ancients.

So I am forced to leave you with a warning. Once you leave the
museum's friendly confines you will be on your own in the
primitive and dangerous world of Tarmalon.


LETTER TO THE CARETAKER

I pray this message reaches you. As you know, one of the
museum's most precious artifacts was stolen ten years ago.
Reputed by Tarmalon lore to be magical, this ancient leather
scroll was thought by museum personnel to be nothing more than
a beautiful relic of primitive superstition. Nevertheless,
because of its cultural value, I was assigned to retrieve it.

I spent many months tracking the scroll across the length of
Tarmalon. Over the years it has passed from person to person;
frequently by sale, more often by theft. After a time I noticed
a strange pattern developing. Murder and strife seemed to
accompany the scroll wherever it went.

I have learned that the scroll once was known as the Wizard's
Compendium. Legend holds that many lifespans ago, 12 powerful
Tarmalon wizards gathered in Kelfor Forest to trade knowledge.
They compiled their spells into one scroll, little suspecting
that the resulting magic would be more powerful than the sum of
its parts. According to legend, the wizards fought a terrible
battle among themselves to control the Compendium. Many died,
and the scroll disappeared.

Yesterday, I finally caught up with the Compendium, now owned
by the Baron of Kent. I offered to buy it, but the Baron just
laughed and threw me out -- keeping my little finger as
punishment for my "insolence." Later that night I broke into
the castle and managed to steal the scroll, but as I made my
escape a guard sent an arrow through my shoulder. Now I face
the long journey back to the museum. I fear I won't live to see
it. My shoulder throbs and swells with each beat of my heart,
and a fever is growing.

I am convinced that the scroll is a force of terrible evil. I
can feel it reaching into my mind, trying to twist and distort
my thoughts. It is an immensely powerful thing, seeking an
equally powerful master. It must be destroyed before it is
unleashed. I have tried. Fire will not burn it, and my blade
will not cut it. The answer must lie outside the realm of
science. I fear that unless we find the answer, the museum and
all of Tarmalon will be consumed.


THE MENUS

The following is a description of the various menu commands.

ARMOR: Put your armor on your body, where it provides
       protection.
CLIMB: Climb up or down holes in dungeons.
DISEMBARK: Leave your transportation and start walking.
END: Stop the action and activate the option to save the game.
     You can resume the game after saving it. Save often to
     avoid problems. This option is available only while in
     dungeons or wilderness.
FIGHT: Attack a target with your ready weapons.
GAMESPEED: Control how long messages are listed on the screen.
HOLD: Access items in your inventory and indicate which item
      (other than weapons and armor) you hold ready to use.
INVENTORY: List your characteristics, armor, weapons, magic,
           other possessions, and the duration of your adventure.
           The weapon, armor, and items you have ready to use are
           highlighted. This option is a handy way to pause the
           game.
LEAVE: Leave town without having to walk out. If you attack or
       rob someone in town, and are discovered, you will have to
       leave the hard way.
MAGIC: Cast one of the spells you have purchased. Each spell is
       used up when it is cast.
OPEN: Open things that are closed.
PASS: Take no action for one turn.
ROB: Steal money and equipment.
SPEAK: Greet the person standing next to you. This is how you
       interact with merchants in towns and with friendly creatures
       in the wilderness.
TAKE: Take items that are within reach.
USE: Use the item you are holding.
WEAPON: Ready one of your weapons for battle.
XAMINE: Gives you additional information about your immediate
        surroundings. In the wilderness, Xamine tells you about
        the terrain you're in, your food use, and your travel speed.
        In the dungeon, Xamine helps you avoid hidden traps. In the
        castle, Xamine provides details about the things you see.


THE GALACTIC MUSEUM

The Galactic Museum is the center of your quest. The museum
exhibits provide clues and information, useful items and gold,
and transportation to different locations within the game. The
museum is large and complex; you will find it useful to map it
as you explore. Exits are available through doors -- and
through some exhibits. To view a museum display you must have
the proper jeweled coin, therefore, collecting these coins is a
crucial part of your quest. You start the game with two jade
coins. As the game progresses and your abilities increase, new
coins, exhibits, and challenges become available to you. Hint:
Don't hoard your coins. Use them to view exhibits whenever
possible.


TOWNS

There are twelve towns on Tarmalon. Each has its own
personality, services, and prices. These include:

THE BANK: You may deposit your gold in any branch and withdraw
it at any other. A prudent safeguard against misfortune.

THE LENDING ASSOCIATION: Useful when you're down on your luck
or need a gambling stake. You may have only one loan at a time.

THE FOODSTORE: Food can be purchased here: Storekeepers may
also offer you jobs that can help you earn extra gold.

THE WEAPONS SHOP: These shops buy and sell weapons for fixed
amounts. Powerful weapons are usually more expensive.
Increasingly powerful weapons becomes available as the game
progresses.

THE ARMOR SHOP: These shops buy and sell armor for fixed
amounts. More effective armor is generally more expensive.
Increasingly effective armor becomes available as the game
progresses.

BUY-BACK SHOPS: These shops will purchase used armor or
weapons. A skillful bargainer can often get a better deal here
than from an Armor or Weapons Shop.

THE GENERAL STORE: Sells Rafts and Climbing Gear.

BLACKJACK TABLES AND FLIP FLOP TABLES: The guards will come
after you if you win too much at these lucrative gambling games.

TRAINING SCHOOLS: An opportunity to increase your Endurance and
Dexterity characteristics (see Characteristics).

THE HOUSE OF HEALING: These healers sell cures and healing
herbs which can restore your hit points in the field.

MAGIC SHOPS: Magic shops sell six different spells: Magic
Flame, Firebolt, Befuddle, Psycho Strength, Kill Flash, and
Seek. (See Magic for a full description of the spells).

FORTUNE TELLER: Rumors, tips, and clues are available from
these mystics.

To interact with town characters, stand next to them (or their
counters) and select Speak from the menu. Hint: You may only
purchase healing herbs once you have accomplished a special
task in the Museum.


THE ACCESS CODE WHEEL

Whenever you attempt to enter the museum from the fields of
Tarmalon, a screen prompt will give you a planet name, gem
name, and ring number. Line these up on your code wheel. Type
in the number you see in the box above the ring number and
you'll be permitted into the museum.


GOLD

Gold is the currency of exchange on Tarmalon; you'll need a lot
of it to complete the game. There are many ways to get it --
the four most common are gambling, killing monsters, robbing
merchants, and raiding castles and dungeons. Gambling is the
safest. Smart play can tip the Blackjack odds in your favor.
Flip Flop can be a gold mine for a player with a sharp eye.
Killing wilderness creatures lets you collect the gold in their
hoards. Proper planning is the key to robbing merchants. Attack
merchants who are alone so that no one raises the alarm, and be
prepared to leave town fast. Only the powerful should attempt
to rob a bank or mint. The deeper you go into a castle or
dungeon the more gold you'll find. Stock up on magic spells,
hit points, and healing herbs before you enter, and make maps
as you go.


MONSTERS

There are 32 kinds of creatures that can be encountered in the
wilderness, and 12 in the dungeons. Sometimes, traveling
creatures such as Farmers, Bandits, Pixies, Striders, Eaton
Warriors, and Huggyns will talk if approached politely. Other
times they may attack. The 24 non-traveling wilderness monsters
live only in one kind of terrain, and have individual traits
and abilities. Sometimes monsters can destroy equipment, drain
characteristics points, or suppress magic spells. A specific
type of weapon is most effective against some creatures, so
carry several different weapons when you can. The fortune
teller can give clues as to which weapon is most effective
against each monster. Many creatures can be used for food. The
following monsters are very dangerous and should be avoided in
the beginning of the game: Ocean Sprayfish and Sea Swallows,
Desert Scrabblers, and Mountain Rock Beetles.


COMBAT

Choose the Fight option to attack an adjacent opponent. If you
have a ready ranged weapon (bow) you'll attack the first target
along the line of fire. In towns or a castle you must specify
the direction of attack. You may also try to run from combat by
moving away. Magic is your most powerful weapon, and often the
only practical way to kill powerful adversaries. HINT: GUARDS
CAN BE FORMIDABLE OPPONENTS, SO TRY TO USE BLOCKING TERRAIN TO
FORCE THEM TO ATTACK YOU ONE AT A TIME -- AND MAKE SURE YOU
HAVE A SHORT ESCAPE ROUTE.


MAGIC

Six different magic spells are available from Magic Shops.
Spells are used up as they are cast. The spells include:

MAGIC FLAME: A ranged magical attack useful for taking out
weaker monsters and guards. Affects one target at a time.

FIREBOLT: A more powerful ranged magical attack that affects
one target.

BEFUDDLE SPELL: Confuses and disables a target for 25-35 turns.
Usable only in dungeons.

PSYCHO STRENGTH: Gives you super human strength for 20-30
attacks. Usable only in dungeons.

KILL FLASH: The ultimate killing spell. Eliminates anyone
you're fighting and many of the monsters nearby. Usable only in
dungeons.

SEEK SPELL: Transports you to the front doors of the Museum.
Usable only in the wilderness.


CHARACTERISTICS

Your character has five basic characteristics which define
physical and mental prowess. Each characteristic starts at 15,
and can be increased in training schools and through special
tests and treasures encountered while adventuring. The
characteristics are:

STRENGTH: A character with high Strength does more damage in combat.

ENDURANCE: A character with high Endurance takes less damage when hit.

DEXTERITY: A character with high Dexterity hits opponents and
dodges blows more frequently.

INTELLIGENCE: A character with high Intelligence has more
success with magic.

CHARM: A character with high Charm has more success when
dealing with merchants.

HIT POINTS: Your Hit Points measure the amount of damage you
can take before you are killed. As the level of your character
increases, so will the hit points you can achieve.

LEVEL: A measurement that defines your power, fame, and how
much of the quest has been completed. Every character begins at
Level 1. The museum caretaker will increase your level as your
exploits warrant.


DUNGEONS AND CASTLES

Much of the action in Legacy of the Ancients takes place in the
24 dungeon levels and in the castles. The deeper you venture
into these strongholds, the tougher the challenges and the
greater the rewards -- in gold, clues, and items important to
your quest. Stock up on magic spells, healing herbs and hit
points before you enter. Make maps as you explore the dungeons.

Hint: The Pirates Lair dungeon measures 15 by 15. There is a
      sapphire coin at the bottom.
Hint: Revisit castles and dungeons to pick up more gold and
      gain access to new areas.
Hint: You have mastered the first part of the castle when you
      have collected two keys, magic seeds, magic ice, and have
      seen "The Temptress."
Hint: Use magic ice and magic seeds to reach the castle's
      second level.
Hint: If you have trouble with the gas trap, look for a hidden
      way through.
Hint: If the spiral disappears when you walk on it, try again
      while watching your step closely.


STONES OF WISDOM

The Stones of Wisdom is a game of skill and cunning that can
increase your INTELLIGENCE. Although it seems difficult at
first, it is really quite simple. To begin the game, both you
and the dealer roll five dice. You can't see the dealer's dice,
and the dealer can't see yours. You and the dealer take turns
bidding on the dice. If you bid three fives, for example, you
are betting that BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU there are at least
three fives. If you bid two sixes, you are betting that between
the two of you there are at least two sixes. Obviously there is
some guesswork involved, since you can't see your opponent's
dice. As the players take turns bidding, each bid must be
higher than the last. Two fours is a higher bid than two
threes, and four ones is a higher bid than three sixes. Bidding
continues until one player "challenges" the other. A challenge
occurs when one player thinks the other player has bid too
high -- that the dice won't show as many as the bid. After a
challenge has been declared, all the dice are shown. If the
bidder was correct in his bid, he wins. If he was incorrect in
his bid, the challenger wins. The loser then loses one of his
dice, and play starts again. The last player with any dice left
wins the match.
