
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
                               THE MISSING RING
                               BY: TERRY ROMINE
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The  newest  ideas  in  high adventure. 1 to 5 players at a time! Each
character capable of independent  action  and  decisions!  All  on  an
intriguing  quest  to  find  the  wizard's  ancient  ring. Takes great
courage, planning and wit to win through. 

Many have searched for it, and lived to regret it. Others  weren't  so
lucky.  No  w  its your turn--if you dare. Solve this chilling mystery
and claim the fabulous Missing Ring. But first, you'll  have  to  find
your  way  through  the many mysterious and magical rooms. It's really
not that bad--as long as you don't look behind you... 

Your quest for magical  rings  takes  you  through  myriad  rooms  and
corridors  of  the  enchanted  palace.  From  one  to five players can
undertake the quest. Each player can choose a character from the table
of nine characters. One person can make the moves for  each  character
in turn or a number of players can take turns at the keyboard. 

There  are  two sets of move keys on opposite sides of the keyboard so
that two players can sit at the Apple,  each  with  one  hand  on  the
keyboard.   Both   sets  of  move  keys  are  always  active  and  are
interchangeable. While player two is taking his turn player three  can
switch  seats  with  player one, etc. The group can stay together as a
team or go separate ways exploring different chambers.  You  can  quit
and  save the game in order to break for eating or sleeping or just to
be safe before attacking a particularly grizzly monster.  A  total  of
nine different games may be saved on the game disk. 

At  the  beginning  of the game or after a game has been saved you may
visit the " merchant" to  spend  your  hard  earned  gold  on  healing
potions,  spells,  magic potions, experience, etc. Multiple characters
from several games can have  "accounts"  with  the  merchant.  If  you
succeed  in  exiting  the  labyrinth  your  character can keep all the
accumulated gold and  powers  for  use  in  a  subsequent  game,  thus
building  up  experience  points  and treasure.  Each player's move is
indicated on the prompt line,  and  the  active  character  wi  ll  be
flashing on the screen. You have a limited active time and five or six
keystrokes  per  turn.  These  have  to  include all moves, calling of
spells, invoking healing potions, etc. Sometimes  you  have  to  ready
your  magic spell in one turn and use it in the next turn. You will be
prompted as to what magic is available at the end of  your  turn  that
may  be used in the next turn. For characters that can shoot arrows or
project spells, the space bar calls a flashing cursor that is moved to
the target with t he move keys and then fired with  another  press  of
the space bar. We could tell you about the secret doors, which elixirs
are poison, and what spell will kill what monster, but we know you are
anxious to fire up the disk, and these trivia are best learned.... 


INSIDE THE LABYRINTHS OF THE ENCHANTED PALACE!! 
          
            KEY COMMANDS                  LEFT     RIGHT
          --------------------------------------------------
             MOVE FORWARD                   R         O
             MOVE BACK                      D         L
             MOVE RIGHT                     F         P
             MOVE LEFT                      E         K
             ATTACK                          SPACE BAR
             HEALING POTION                 H         H
             SEARCH FOR SECRET DOORS        S         ;
             GET TREASURE                   T         U
             MAGIC ITEM/SPELL               B         M
             PASS/END PLAYER'S TURN         Y         Y
             PAUSE                         ESC       ESC
             QUIT/SAVE GAME                 Q         Q
             OPEN DOOR WITH KEY             X


The Following Characters are available to join the party:
     
     (0) Previous Character
     (1) Fighter with Sword
     (2) Wizard
     (3) Elf with Bow
     (4) Dwarf with Ax
     (5) Fighter with Ax
     (6) Elf with Sword
     (7) Dwarf with Hammer
     (8) Fighter with Bow
     (9) Cleric
