
             MORLOCS'S CASTLE DOCS 
TREASURES:

1.  Gold ring 2.  A small pyramid with a dull black     base and glowing blue
sides. 3.  A polished circlet of gold adorned     with two large diamonds. 4. 
A brass ring 5.  A statuette of a lovely nymph.     Appearance of gold. 6.  A
fist sized metal egg covered with     'runes' with a button on the top.     on
the top. 7.  A large boxlike device. One side     has rectangular, greenish
glass     with a row of knobs below. Heavy. 8.  A simple copper ring. 9.  An
amulet with a leather pouch     attached. Smells of foul herbs. 10. On the wall
hangs a gleaming sword.     It is finely wrought and perfectly     balanced.
11. A worn brass amulet. 12. Appears to be an ordinary hunting     horn.

HINTS:

A.  The genie is Morloc's personal     bodyguard. He only appears in the    
room where Morloc is hiding. B.  'Not all that glitters is gold.' C.  One or
more treasures provide     protection from fireballs. D.  One device prevents
Morloc from     leaving the room he is in. E.  A second device counteracts the 
   effects of the first. F.  The genie and the fire elemental     can only be
slain by magic (magic     sword, magic arrows). G.  Not all treasures are
magical. H.  Not all treasures are helpful. I.  Not all treasures are valuable.
J.  The effects of duplicate treasures     may or may not be cumulative. K. 
Morloc can teleport. You'll know     when you find him.

MORE HINTS:

A.  A tv can be used. B.  Magic sword glows when Morloc is in     adjoining
room. C.  The 'metal egg' is magical and     deadly. It can be used once. D. 
Copper is good. E.  Brass treasures may provide some     protection.

MISSION:

Find & slay Morloc/stay alive yourself. The dungeon has six levels. Stairs are
in the bottom righthand corner of each floor.

MOVEMENT COMMANDS:

#0 to 9 - Move forward 0 to 9 feet. R - Turn right L - Turn left V - Turn
around

SPECIAL COMMANDS:

O - Open door (must be close & facing) E - Examine wall for secret door (must  
  face) S - Search for hidden object (not     always found) G - Grab treasure
(must be close) D - Drop treasure (drop by #) anytime U - Use treasure (use by
#) ^ - (shift n) Up stairs N - Down stairs Y - Drink healing potion

ATTACK COMMANDS:

A - Normal attack T - Thrust (counter-thrust likely) P - Parry (better than
average defense) F - Fire a normal arrow (best at a     distance) M - Fire a
magic arrow (best at a     distance)

NOTE:

When dropping treasures, shift key equals 10. Example D SHIFT 1 drops treasure
11. You may also use U SHIFT 2 to use treasure 12, for example.

FATIGUE:

Move slowly to recover (with a minus number, you can't move).

WOUNDS:

You may heal yourself by using a remaining elixir. When wounds: 0% then you're
dead. 100% is full strength.
