View: MOVIE MAKER DOX-THE BLADE
80n

-- THE CONNECTION.... --
                         AND
                             -- THE DISK JOCKEY --

            -- THE SLAVES OF PIRACY --
Movie Maker Documentation File. By the Disk Jockey. Formatted in 70
columns.

NOTE: Movie Maker requires 64K of memory. Also, Movie Maker consists
of TWO (2) disks (sides)!

I will summarize the list of commands for Movie Maker first, for
those who just want to skim through the docs.


Keyboard assignments for Apple II family:

                         Apple IIe/c             Apple II+
--------------------------------------------------------------
To move around menus:    <-- --> ^ !                  I
                                 ! v               J     k
                                                      M
--------------------------------------------------------------
Nudge (with "N" key)     <-- --> ^ !               ctrl I
and to move pen around           ! v         ctrl J     ctrl K
without drawing.                                    ctrl M
--------------------------------------------------------------
To move pen around         ctrl E                  ctrl E
and draw.           ctrl S       ctrl D       ctrl S    ctrl D
                           ctrl X                  ctrl X
--------------------------------------------------------------

Special Note: A joystick may be used instead of the keys referred to
above. The keys are intended for fine adjustment or for moving thru
menus.


Alphabetical command list for Apple Movie Maker:
--------------------------------------------------------------
Command Compose              Record                Play
--------------------------------------------------------------
A       Action               Actor
B       Border       
C       Color                Color
D       Duplicate
E       Erase                Erase
F       Frame rate           Frame rate            Frame rate
G       Goto                 Goto
H       Help line            Help line
I       Insert color
J       Jump                 Jump
K       Kwikness             Kwikness
L       Loop                 Loop                  Loop
M       Mirror
N       Nudge
O       Outline
P       Pen                  Playback
R       Restore              Rewind
S       Sequence             Sequence
T       Trade colors
U       Utility menu         Utility menu          Utility menu
V       View
W       Window
X       Xtra Function        Xtra Function
Y       Yank                 Yank
Z       Zoom                 Zoom
/                            Frame maker           Frame maker
ESC     Shape swap and       Shape swap and
        background pages     background pages
Space   Stop and start       Stop and stop
        action; Cancel       recorder.
        most drawing
        command.
Joystik Lift and deposit     Lift and deposit
        outlines, shapes     outlines and actors
        and images with      pause during A,C,P,R
        duplicate; activate  and Z commands.
        P command with
        joystick; Fix 
        corners for B
        Command; Stop and
        start action.
Shift/                      Single step through
arrow.                      frames during record 
                            and playback. 
crtl/                       Review shapes.
arrow.

To move thru the menus on the Apple II+:
    I    Up
    J    Left
    K    Right
    M    Down

Use the arrou keys on the IIe.

----------------------------------------------------------------
Movie Maker: Getting started-An introduction.

Boot the program snd you will see Movie Maker's main menu. Load
RECORD by pressing 2, and then RETURN. After a moment the record
utility menu will appear.

To manipulate the inverse bar use the arrow keys (for the //e,c) or
I, J, K, M for a II+. Move the inverse bar to cover GET, and press
RETURN, Select Shape, and press RETURN. Type DOG, and hit RETURN.
Select Record, and hit RETURN. You will see the DOG shape page.

Press A1 for actor #1. Press S1 for sequence #1. Using your joystick,
position the DOG to the desired starting location. Hit the space bar
to begin the record mode. Use the joystick to control your DOG's
path. You have now created your first animation using up to 338
frames.

To see a playback, hit G in order to Goto the beginning. Hit the
space bar to see playback. To control Frame Rate or speed of
execution, press F and #0-9. F0 advances frame by frame using the
space bar. F1-9 increase speed from slow to fast. To rewind press R,
and hit the space bar to toggle start and stop. To playback forward,
press P and #0-9 to control the speed.

You May Now Add a Second DOG:
Press G to goto the beginning. Press A2 for Actor #". Press S1 for
Sequence #1. Postion your second DOG with your joystick. Hit the
space bar to active record mode and move the DOG with your joystick.
Hit the space bar to stop. You may use up to SIX actors. To view your
animation with two DOGs running simultaneously, press G to goto the
beginning and hit the space bar to start and stop.

To Draw Original Shapes:
Press U for utility. Place the inverse bar over MAIN MENU and hit
RETURN. Load COMPOSE by pressing 1 and RETURN. Place the inverse bar
over CLEAR MEMORY and hit RETURN. Place the inverse bar over
EVERYTHING and hit RETURN.  Place the inverse bar over COMPOSE and
hit RETURN. You will see a blank screen with a box (draw inside the
box). To enlarge the box, press B for border. Press the joystick
button to place upper right corner. Use the joystick to enlarge the
box. Press the joystick button.

To Draw:
Press the space bar to clear any present commands. Press P for Pen
plus a color # between 0 and 7:

   0 Black
   1 Green
   2 Purple
   3 White
   4 Black
   5 Orange
   6 Blue
   7 White

(Note the first black and white are to be used with green and purple,
and the second black and white are to be used with orange and blue).

Place the joystick at the desired location. Press the joystick button
to draw. Alternately, draw using the keyboard. Press control key and
E S D X for direction. Press the space bar to clear memory.

IMPORTANT: OUTLINE ALL SHAPES BY PRESSING O FOR OUTLINE.

To Duplicate Outilined Shapes:
Press W for window. Press D for duplicate. Press the joystick button
to pick it up and again to deposit the shape in a new location. Press
the space bar to clear memory. Press O to outline a new shape. Note:
You may develop these shapes as paint brushes.

To Mirror Shapes:
Press the space bar to clear any current command. Press M for Mirror.
Press the arrow key to flip in the desired direction. Press O to
outline a new shape.

To Alter Window Size:
Press the space bar to clear current command. Press B and press the
joybutton to define the corners of the border. To erase a shape in a
box, press E for erase.

To Insert Color Into Shape:
Press the space bar to clear the current command. Press I for insert,
position the joystick, and press the joybutton. To insert a different
color, press I for insert and color #0-7. CAUTION: Make certain
shapes are closed so that inserted color will remain contained in
desired area. Remember to press O to outline new shapes.

To Zoom:
Press Z for zoom, close up view, for detailed work. Press Z again to
restore normal prespective.

To Make a Sequence:
Press the space bar to clear the current command. Press S1 for the
first sequence. Use the joystick to position over the first shape and
press the joybutton. Watch help line S1.01, S1.02, etc. Repeat
selecting shapes (maximum 16 shapes per sequence).

Press G to goto the beginning. Press A for action. Press the space
bar to start and stop. Press R to rewind. Press the space bar to
start and stop. Press F and #0-9 to control frame rate. Press the
space bar to start and stop. F0 progresses frame by frame. Advance to
the next frame using the space bar. F1-9 increases speed from slow to
fast.

To Create a Background:
Press the space bar to clear the current command. Press ESC twice to
goto the background page. Press ESC to toggle between shape and
background pages (observe S and B inupper left corner of the help
line). To draw, use P for pen and a color number between 0 and 7.
Move the joystick. Press the joystick button.

You may pick up a shape from your shape page and bring it to your
background page. Hit the space bar to clear memory. Press ESC to goto
the shape page. Press W for window. Place the box over the desired
shape. Press O for outline, D to duplicate, joybutton to pick shape
up, and ESC to bring it to the background page. Press the joybutton
to deposit the shape where desired. Pess the space bar to clear
memory. Use a shape as a paint bruse. Press E to erase the shape in
the box.

To View Sequence Over Background:
Press G to goto the beginning. Press A for action. Hit the space bar.
Control movement with the joystick.

These animations can be recorded by using a blank formatted storage
disk and by following simple screen prompts through MENU selection.
You can SMOOTH and PLAYBACK your finished COMPUTER MOVIES (MVM's).
You can develop a sequence and transfer it to videotape. Be creative.


Some notes:  

Animation may be up to 338 frames. This will take a longer or shorter
time, depending on the frame rate setting. A 338 frame movie with a
faster frame rate will play more quickly than the same movie with a
lower frame rate.

A longer movie may be made by stringing finished animations back to
back. To do this, use the auto play side of MOVIE MAKER and make a
copy with COPYA. Then delete all the files from this copy except for
CNTDWN.INI and MAINAP, and put your Movie Maker files on this disk
(use FID from your system master disk). NOTE THAT THE FILES
CNTDWN.INI AND MAINAP MUST REMAIN ON THE DISK. When the disk is
booted, it will automatically play your movies (the MVM files) in the
order you copied them onto the disk.

Also, if you have two (2) drives, leave the Movie Maker disk in drive
1, and have a data disk (formatted) in drive 2. Now change drive
assignment by selecting COMPOSE from the main menu, and them RECORD,
or SMOOTH utility menus. Move the inverse bar to SELECT DRIVE, and
press RETURN.

After you have created a movie, you may save it by getting to the
main menu (use the U command). Then select COMPOSE, and move the
inverse bar to KEEP FILE. Put a blank formatted disk in the proper
drive, and press RETURN. You will be prompted for a filename.

CALL THE I/O 201-543-6139 PASSWORD=TREKKY   AT 'I/O....' PROMPT
ALSO . . .
CALL THE METAL MANSION AE AT
201-879-6668  PW=KILL
-__-__-__-__-__-__-__--__-__-__--__--__-
1

>)Get : PICTR.SAVE
64 blocks
