O'RILEY'S MINE (TM)
==============

BY MARK RILEY


[Back of Box Text]

Prospectors and miners have made fortunes overnight deep within the
enchanting Mother Lode country of California. Their wild tales of buried
treasure still excite a world dazzled by easy money.

One such miner is a mad Irishman named Timothy O'Riley. He is in search of
coal, oil, gold, rubies and diamonds. You'll guide him through the
mysterious depths of the earth as he attempts to dig up hidden riches.

But watch out! Deathly dangers and unknown creatures lurk there also. He's
disturbed their peace building his mine shaft and now they want revenge.
And since they haven't had a miner to eat in many years, they're more than
just hungry!

Being wise and cunning, O'Riley's prepared, for he's brought dynamite
along. He must set his explosions at exactly the right time, though, or
risk drowning in a rushing subterranean river.

You'll need the Luck of the Irish to stay alive and make your fortune
playing O'Riley's Mine.

Datasoft Inc. (R)
Computer Software

9421 Winnetka Avenue
Chatsworth, CA 91311

Datasoft(R) Is A Registered Trademark of Datasoft Inc.
Cover Artwork Copyright 1982 by T.O. Pansini
All Rights Reserved


[Instructions]

Grab your shovel and start digging for hidden riches to make your fortune
in the deep mine shafts of the California gold country. As you search for
the gold, rubies, diamonds, coal, and oil buried deep in the earth, beware
of concealed danger that's close on your heels.

A gushing underground river and hungry river monsters threaten your dig at
every turn! Anticipating the dangers, you've entered the mine prepared with
a threat of your own - dynamite! Plant the dynamite carefully so that its
debris will block the monsters' pathway as they chase you. You have a
limited number Of sticks so correct timing is essential. And don't reverse
your direction too soon or the dynamite will destroy you!

As you progress to higher levels of play the speed of the river and the
number of monsters increases. And always beware - as the moon rises the
monsters become even more dangerous!


REQUIREMENTS

o Apple II/II+/IIe Computer (48K)
o Disk drive (Apple or compatible)
o TV or Video monitor
o Joystick (optional)

GETTING STARTED

Turn off your computer. Turn on the power to your TV or video monitor.
Insert the O'RILEY diskette with the label side facing up, and close the
disk drive door. Now turn on the computer. The program will load and run
automatically.

PLAYER AND LEVEL SELECTION: Once you begin a game by pressing the fire
button or SPACEBAR, the 1 next to PLAYER in the top left of the screen will
flash. To play a one- or a two-player game, press the 1 or 2 key. The 1
next to LEVEL in the right comer of the screen will now flash. You may
select a level from 1 to 9 by pressing the corresponding key.

GAME CONTROLS

JOYSTICK: Push the joystick forward to move O'Riley up, and toward you to
move him down. Push the joystick to the left or right for the corresponding
directions. Press the red fire button to set a dynamite charge.

KEYBOARD: Press the A key to move O'Riley up, and the Z key to moke him
down. Press the left and right arrow keys to move him in the corresponding
direction. Press the space bar to set a dynamite charge.

SPECIAL KEYS

o JOYSTICK BUTTON: begin game
o ESC: pause game, any key to continue
o SPACE BAR. begin game
o (CTRL) RESET: restart game

STRATEGY

As O'RILEY, the fearless miner, you must travel swiftly through your mine
to capture all the buried treasures and return safely home again at the top
of the mine shaft. You must avoid being drowned by the onrushing water and
being eaten by the river monsters. You may set dynamite charges behind you
to block the monsters' pathway, but rememer that the debris can be washed
away by the water. (You have five to nine sticks of dynamite at easy levels
and two to five sticks at more difficult levels.) Time the explosions so
that a monster is completely destroyed and you will score extra points. A
lower levels of difficulty, from one to three monsters will appear in the
mine. A higher levels, three monsters will appear.

There is no time limit while playing O'RILEY'S MINE, but beware: The speed
of the water changes with the level of play. In addition, when the moon
rises the monsters move faster through the mine shaft and one treasure is
transformed into a deadly skull and crossbones!

Remember, the water will always rise to the highest level you dig in the
mine. You will not be able to dig beyond the "fault" line on either side of
the mine.

POINTS

OIL                small $1,500, large  S5,000
GOLD BARS          small $2,000, large  S7,500
RUBIES             small $2,500, large  $8,000
DIAMONDS           small $4,000, large  $9,000
COAL               $1,000
URANIUM            $1,000, $2,500, $5,000, $6,000, S7,500 (random)

Some treasures appear only at higher levels. At every four levels you will
receive two or three times the standard dollar value for each treasure.

SPECIAL BONUS

For destroying a monster you score S10,000. At $100,000 you receive one
extra man. After each additional S250,000 you also receive an extra man up
to a total of four men.

At the completion of each level, you receive $1,000 for each stick of dynamite
you have left.  In double- and triple-dollar levels you receive $2,000 and S3,000
respectively for each stick of dynamite you have left.

CREDITS

Game Programing by Larry Lewis
Computer Graphics by Larry Lewis and Whitney Caughlan
Documentation by Jan Stedman

Apple(R) is a trademark of Apple Computers Inc.

Datasoft Inc.(R)
Home Computer Software

9421 Winnetka Ave., Chatsworth, CA 91311  (213) 701-5161
O'Riley's Mine(TM) and Datasoft(R) are trademarks of Datasoft Inc.
(C) 1983 Datasoft Inc.
CAT. No. 1185
