                              QUASAR
                       BY JONATHAN DUBMAN
                  (C) 1985 ARISTOTLE SOFTWAREHF



-1EObject and Game DescriptionF-0

     The object of Quasar is to earn points by surrounding and
eliminating your opponents, the "light-cycles". You control an
orange line with a "cycle" in front of it that can move up,
down, left, or right. Wherever you go, you leave an orange
trail.

     If you crash into anything, your cycle is "zapped", even if
you crash into your own trail.

     The other cycles: violet, green, and blue, also move in a
similar way. They are just like you except that the computer
controls them. Likewise, if they crash into anything, they
disappear. They leave trails, too. If one cycle crashes, the
others remain until they are trapped and crash, one by one.

     To make them disappear, you must restrict the area in which
they move by surrounding them. If they get boxed in, they will
spiral to their own demise. Don't let them cut off your area and
box you in.


-1EHow to Control the Light-CycleF-0

     The light-cycle is controlled by the use of four keys,
which may be optionally changed. The normal keys (the ones the
computer assumes you will use) are I, J, K, and M. I moves up, J
moves left, K moves right, and M moves down.

                               Up

                               I
                               !
                      Left   J-+-K  Right
                               !
                               M

                              Down
-1EThe Scoring SystemF-0

     Some points are awarded for mere survival, but many more
are awarded for such things as eliminating opponent cycles,
completing a level, and eating apples, which will be discussed
later.

     Every 5000 points, you will get a bonus cycle, which means
you will get one more chance to play before the game ends.

-1EWinning a LevelF-0

     A level is won when all three opponents have withered away.
At this time, there is an ascending noise and the color of your
trail changes to highlight your achievement.

     During this time, many bonus points are awarded.

     Then, a two-voice song is played: a different one each
level. If you don't want to hear the song, you can interrupt it
by pressing a key.

-1EApplesF-0

    After completing the first level, all successive levels will
have apples on the screen, colored just like the Apple logo. If
you run into an apple, you can earn lots of points. As you eat
it, there is a little "bleep" and the apple disappears.

     The other cycles are not interested in the apples, and will
not eat them.

-1EWormy ApplesF-0

     As you rise in level, you will soon see some apples that
have little worms inside. These apples are POISONOUS and must
not be eaten! Watch out, and look carefully.

-1EBallsF-0

     Watch out for little, round, white balls that bounce
haphazardly about the screen. They are fatal to the touch.

     Up to four balls can appear on the screen at one time,
depending on your level.

-1EThe CaterpillarF-0

     At level six, a green caterpillar finds his way to your
monitor screen and slithers around. Steer clear of this
seemingly harmless creature.  He gets longer and faster as the
game progresses.

-1EThe ButterflyF-0

     The pink butterfly appears after the second ball. He
flutters and flies like lightning and will home-in on you,
trying to sting you with his venomous bite. Just staying away
from him won't do the trick.   There are many tricks that you
may learn to avoid the butterfly, but you will have to figure
them out for yourself.
     Up to four butterflies can appear, but not until very late
in the game.

-1ESpeedsF-0

     There are 6 different speeds that the game can be played
at. Beginners are best off at the lower speeds (1,2) and experts
are best off at the medium speeds (3,4). The upper speeds (5,6)
are for daredevils and Apple dealers who want to show how fast
Apple's graphics can be.

-1EHow to Start the GameF-0

     To run Quasar, simply insert the game disk into the drive
and turn the apple on just as you normally do with all other
disks. The game will run itself and put you in a demonstration
mode. To actually play the game, just hit a number key for the
game speed (1,2,3,4,5, or 6) and when the program says "Press
any key to start", do so. Then use the I, J, K,  and M keys to
play.

-1EThe Demo ModeF-0

     The demo-mode is a color graphics (and sound) instruction
"movie" that will give you a briefing of these intructions. To
see the demo mode, just wait when you turn the game on and it
will go by itself. The demo mode is a good supplement to these
instructions: You can actually see what all these critters look
like.

     By the way, any time during the demo mode, hit a key to get
back to the original demo screen and then hit a number key (1-6)
for the speed and the game will start soon after.

     There is a special commmand (control-C) that will let you
change the keys that control your light-cycle. To change them,
hold down the CTRL key and press the letter C. Then type the
keys for up, down, left and right. After typing the key for
right, you will go back to the demo-mode.

     At the end of every game, the demo-mode is re-entered.

-1ESpecial Keys for use DURING the GameF-0

     During the game, there are some extra keys that perform
useful functions.

     The escape key (labeled ESC) will temporarily pause the
game if, for instance, you get a telephone call. When you tell
the person on the other end that you're busy playing a game and
you have a high score, just type I, J, K or M and you will
resume playing just where you left off.

     Control-S (holding down the CTRL key and typing S) turns
the sound on or off.

     Control-R (holding down the CTRL key and typing R) aborts
the game and goes back to the demo-mode.

-1EHow to CheatF-0

     When you enter your speed (1-6) and see the message "HIT
ANY KEY TO CONTINUE", every type you press "S" you will skip a
level.  THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT IF YOU WANT TO PRACTICE UPPER
LEVELS WITHOUT EARNING YOUR WAY THERE.

-1EThe Bonus BoardsF-0

     Every eighth level there is a "bonus board" in which you
can earn many bonus points by lasting long and then killing off
your opponents.  In the bonus board levels, you and your
opponents are snakes.  You can only last so long before you run
out of air.  (There is ample warning.)

     You can lay barriers on the bonus levels by pressing the
space bar or one of the Apple keys on an Apple //E or //C.

-1EUpside Down LevelsF-0

     On the very, VERY high levels there are some upside down
boards.  Watch out! The up and down controls are switched!

-1E"Game Over" and Getting a High ScoreF-0

     When all of your cycles crash, the game is over and a
finale tune is played. If you then hear 3 sirens, you have a new
high score. Type your name, letter by letter and press RETURN.

     If you cheated by skipping levels, your high score will not
be entered.


