

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                        

                           The Digital Gang Presents:

                             The Rocky Horror Show!

                           [ Cracked by:  The Sheik ] 

                      Thanx To: The Triton & High Voltage

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

< Apple ][ Series >
-------------------
1. Insert the game diskette in your drive.
2. Turn on your computer, disk drive, and monitor.

P.S. - I did this for the Bunnymen so they can play it to! (hahahahahah)

< Starting >
------------
Now you must make the big decision.  When intructed to do so, press [B] or [J]
to be [BRAD] or [JANET], and to begin the game.  Press the joystick button or
the spacebar to enter the castle (at your own risk).

You're in the front room of the Franenstein Place.  At the bottom of the 
screen are the time clock (you have approximately 25 minutes in Earth time)
and a blank box which will display your progress as you reconstruct the De-
Medusa machine.  At the right edge of the screen is a thermometer which
indicates the temperature in the freezer (more on that later).

"...I've got to keep control..."

Such joy is a joystick.  Here's what is can do for you:

To move your character, just point in the direction you want to go. Press
the joystick button to pick up pieces of the machine, keys, and clothes.  You
can pick up only one key and a machine piece at a time.  The joystick is also
used to put pieces into the De-Medusa machine and to deactivate laser beams
around the house.

"...It's just a jump to the left..."

In order to find all the pieces of the De-Medusa machine, you'll have to do a
great deal of travling throughout the Frankenstein Place.  Be sure to explore
every room; you never know what you'll find.  An important room to locate is
the theatre, because that's where your petrified lover is hidden and where
you'll be building the De-Medusa.  Remember, you can carry only onc machine
piece at a time, so you must always return to the theature and drop off
each piece before picking up another one.

The elevator is a convenient means of transportation.  

As in any other "normal" house, you need a key to get through a locked door.
There are keys available for every room, so just pick them up as they appear.
Once a door is open, a key is no longer required for entrance.  Any key will
open any door.


"...Let's do the time warp again..."

There are some strange characters wandering around the Frankenstein Place.
Since you'll inevitably run into them quite often, it may be helpful to know
who they are:

Riff-Raff is a manic-depressive butler with a laser gun.  The beam emitted
from his gun is composed of pure Anti-Matter and kills instantly.  It's 
advisable to avoid him, since he can be extremely unpredictable in choosing
a target; it could very easily be you.

MAGENTA is Riff-Raff's sister.  They're very close and don't take kindly to
        strangers.  She has a Bride-of-Frankenstein hairdo which she is
        very proud of.  Magenta is the housekeeper, so don't make a mess
        when she's around.

COLUMBIA is a high-strung groupie who sees the world through rose-tinted
         glasses.  She tends to be friendly and bit frantic.

DR. FRANK N. FURTER is engaged in the harmless pursuit of absolute pleasure.
                    Or so he says.  He's actually a mad scientist who tends
                    to be a bit self-centered.  Fortunately for you, he's
                     in his bathrobe.

ROCKY HORROR is Frank's creation.  You'll have the pleasure of witnessing his
             birth.  He is basically harmless.

EDDIE is one Frank's failed experiments - a motorcycle meanie with a penchant
      for rock-and-roll.  Eddie is suspended in the deep freeze upstairs, but
      when the temperature reaches the melting point, he'll de-frost and come
      tearing out his motorcycle.  You must either get up to the freezer in
      time to prevent Eddie from thrawing or avoid a speeding motorcycle.
      Eddie is Columbia's boyfriend.


"...In another dimension - With voyeuristic intention..."

These Translyvanians have very nasty habits and a sick sense of humor. They'll
do whatever they can to make things difficult for you.  Their favorite trick
is to bump into you and steal your clothes.  Watch out, because once you're
in your underwear, you're helpless.  You must find your clothes and put them
back on before you can continue the game.  Running around the castle in your
underwear will also expose you to some humiliating remarks from the crude
and insensitive Transylvanians.


"...Nothing can ever be that same..."

There are various danger spots in the castle, but if you're smart, you can 
find your way around them.  You have only one life in The Rocky Horror Show,
so use it wisely and be careful!  The game will start over automatically if
you are killed or run out of time, so you always have another chance to 
switch gender and try again.  If you are just too exasperated to go on and
want to start over, just turn off your computer and reload the game according
to the instructions.


                          [ Docs Typed By: The Triton ]
                         
                             A Digital Gang Release




-End File

